List of awards and nominations received by Brian Cox
Brian Cox is a British actor known for his performances on stage and screen, for which he has received two BAFTA Awards, an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award and two Olivier Awards. 
Cox won the Primetime Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Limited Series for his portrayal of Hermann Göring in the television film Nuremberg (2001). The following year he guest starred on the NBC sitcom Frasier earning his second Emmy nomination in 2002. He portrayed Jack Langrishe in the HBO series Deadwood. He starred as Logan Roy on HBO series Succession (2018–2023), for which he won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series and was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series.Cox trained as a Shakespearean actor, starring in numerous productions with the Royal National Theatre and the Royal Shakespeare Company, where he received two Laurence Olivier Awards for Best Actor for his roles in Rat in the Skull (1984) for the Royal Court and Titus Andronicus (1988) for the Royal Shakespeare Company. He received two more Olivier Award nominations for Misalliance and Fashion.

 Major associations 

 BAFTA Awards 

 Emmy Awards 

 Golden Globe Awards 

 Screen Actors Guild Awards 

 Olivier Awards 

 Theater 

 Miscellaneous awards 

 References 

Ryland Davies
Ryland Davies (9 February 1943 – 5 November 2023) was a Welsh operatic tenor who appeared internationally at leading opera houses and festivals. He focused on Mozart roles such as Belmonte in Die Entführung aus dem Serail, Ferrando in Così fan tutte and Tamino in Die Zauberflöte. He performed as Ferrando first with the Scottish Opera, then at the Glyndebourne Festival, and for his debuts at both the San Francisco Opera in 1970, and the Metropolitan Opera in 1975. His lyric tenor was also well suited to roles such as Rossini's Almaviva, Donizetti's Ernesto, Verdi's Fenton and Britten's Lysander. He later turned successfully to character roles, and performed at the Royal Opera House in London until 2015. He made many recordings, including videos of performances in Glyndebourne and at the Salzburg Festival. Parallel to his singing career, Davies was a voice teacher, from 1987 at the Royal Northern College of Music, also at the Royal College of Music, the Royal Academy of Music, and the Reina Sofía School of Music in Madrid.

 Life and career 
Ryland Davies was born in Cwm, Blaenau Gwent to the steelworker Gethin Davies and his wife Joan (née Baker). He was a keen rugby player in his youth and gained a schoolboys' international cap for Wales against both England and Scotland in the 1957–58 season.

 Education 
Davies studied at the Royal Manchester College of Music with Frederic Cox, who remained a lifelong friend. During his studies, he appeared in Manchester, as Paris in Gluck's Paride ed Elena. In 1964 made his professional debut, at the Welsh National Opera in Cardiff as Almaviva in Rossini's The Barber of Seville. He studied further in Italy, and then became the first recipient of the John Christie Award of the Glyndebourne Festival in 1965.

 Glyndebourne 
Davies had a long career at the Glyndebourne Festival, where he began in the chorus in 1964, then sang supporting roles such as the Major domo in Der Rosenkavalier by Richard Strauss in 1965, alongside Teresa Żylis-Gara in the title role and Montserrat Caballé, conducted by John Pritchard; he performed as a Sailor in Purcell's Dido and Aeneas and two roles in Mozart's Die Zauberflöte in 1966. From 1968, he had lead roles, the first year as both Nemorino in Donizetti's L'elisir d'amore, directed by Franco Zeffirelli, alongside Jill Gomez as Adina, and as Belmonte in Mozart's Die Entführung aus dem Serail, alongside Margaret Price as Konstanze and conducted by Myer Fredman. He performed as Ferrando in Mozart's Così fan tutte in 1969, his first time in Italian, alongside Hanneke Van Borkas as Fiordiligi and Anne Howells, his wife, as Dorabella, and conducted by John Pritchard. Davies appeared as Lensky in Tchaikovsky's Eugene Onegin from 1975, conducted by Andrew Davis, as Flamand in Capriccio by Strauss the following year, alongside Elisabeth Söderström as the Countess and Håkan Hagegård as her husband. He performed as Tamino in Die Zauberflöte in 1980, and as Lysander in Britten's A Midsummer Night's Dream from 1981, staged by Peter Hall, and conducted by Bernard Haitink, with Ileana Cotrubaș as Tytania, Cynthia Buchan as Hermia, Felicity Lott as Helena, and Dale Duesing as Demetrius. He appeared as the Prince in Prokofiev's L'Amour des trois oranges from 1982, directed by Frank Corsaro and again conducted by Haitink. He performed as Tichon in Janáček's Káťa Kabanová from 1988, staged by Nikolaus Lehnhoff and conducted by Davis, with Nancy Gustafson in the title role and Felicity Palmer as the Kabanicha.Later he performed character roles in Glyndebourne, such as Don Basilio in Mozart's Le nozze di Figaro from 1997 to 2001, conducted by Charles Mackerras, and Sellem in Britten's The Rake's Progress in 2000, directed by John Cox and conducted by Mark Elder.

 Performances in the UK 
Davies appeared at the Scottish Opera in 1966 as Fenton in Verdi's Falstaff. He was recognised when he appeared there as Ferrando, alongside Elizabeth Harwood as Fiordili and Janet Baker as Dorabella, in 1969.He performed the role of Essex in Britten's Gloriana in 1967 both at the Sadler's Wells Opera in London and in Lisbon. He appeared at the Royal Opera House (ROH) first in 1969, as Hylas in Les Troyens by Berlioz, conducted by Colin Davis. He performed there also as Don Ottavio in Mozart's Don Giovanni inn 1970, Ferrando, Nemorino, Almaviva, Ernesto in Donizetti's Don Pasquale, Fenton, and Enéas in Massenet's Esclarmonde. He returned to the house in 1994 to portray Le Duc in Massenet's Chérubin, playing who he described in a 1998 interview with Bruce Duffie as a "fussy-arsed little chap" who "boss[es] everybody around". He returned to Cardiff the same year to appear as the Podestà in Mozart's La finta giardiniera. His final role, at the ROH, was Alcindoro in Puccini's La bohème in 2015.Davies appeared at the English National Opera in 1986 as Eisenstein in Die Fledermaus by Johann Strauss. Later in his career, he performed supporting roles there such as M. Ploc in Offenbach's La belle Vivette in 1995, the Chaplain in Poulenc's Dialogues of the Carmelites, in 1999 Basilio, and Reverend Adams in Britten's Peter Grimes.

 International performances 
Davies appeared as Cassio in Verdi's Otello at the 1970 Salzburg Festival, staged and conducted by Herbert von Karajan, with sets by Günther Schneider-Siemssen; he sang alongside Jon Vickers in the title role, Mirella Freni as Desdemona, and Peter Glossop as Jago. He performed as Almaviva at the Paris Opéra in 1971, followed there by Ferrando in 1974 and Belmonte.He appeared in the United States first at the San Francisco Opera in 1970, as Ferrando, in collaboration with director Jean-Pierre Ponnelle. He performed at the Metropolitan Opera (Met) in New York City from 1975 where his first role was again Ferrando. He returned there the following year to perform as Count Almaviva.He appeared at the Chicago Lyric Opera. In 1984 he performed the title role of Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande in Berlin and at the Hamburg State Opera. He portrayed the title role of Weber's Oberon at the Opéra national de Montpellier in 1987. In the 1994/95 season, he appeared again at the Met, as Arbace in Idomeneo, directed by Ponnelle and conducted by James Levine; it was broadcast live on 25 March 1995. He returned in 2001 to perform as Monostatos in Die Zauberflöte.

 Concerts 
Davies appeared in concert in works including Bach's Mass in B minor, Mozart's Requiem, Haydn's The Seasons and Nelson Mass, the role of Obadiah in Mendelssohn's Elijah, Tippett's A Child of Our Time, and the role of St John in Elgar's The Kingdom.

 Voice 
In his prime, the music critic Alan Blyth considers the Davies "had a sweet-toned, lyrical voice and excellent diction." His voice was described as lyric with a specifically Italian sound. Barry Millington from The Guardian noted "the sweetness and Italianate quality of his light voice, his effortless projection and mellifluous legato".

 Teaching 
Davies taught at the Royal Northern College of Music from 1987 to 1994, at the Royal College of Music from 1989 to 2009, and later at the Royal Academy of Music. He also taught at the Reina Sofía School of Music in Madrid, as professor from 2014. Students included Ian Bostridge, Sam Furness, Jacques Imbrailo, David Butt Philip, Stuart Jackson, Robert Murray and Andrew Staples.

 Personal life 
Davies married mezzo-soprano Anne Howells in 1966; they performed together, often as Dorabella and Ferrando, in Glyndebourne in 1969 and at their debut at the Met in 1975. The marriage ended in divorce in 1981. He later married soprano Deborah Rees; they had a daughter, Emily. They resided in Surrey.Ryland Davies died from mesothelioma on 5 November 2023, at the age of 80.

 Recordings 
Davies recorded and performed under major conductors including Sir John Eliot Gardiner, Carlo Maria Giulini, Kirill Kondrashin, Sir Simon Rattle, and Mstislav Rostropovich.He performed his debut role at the Royal Opera House, Hylas in Les Troyens, in a 1969 studio recording conducted by Colin Davis, with Berit Lindholm as Cassandre and Josephine Veasey as Dido; his wife Anne Howells appeared as Ascagne. He performed as Arturo in Donizetti's Lucia di Lammermoor in a 1971 recording starring Joan Sutherland, Luciano Pavarotti as Eduardo, Sherrill Milnes as Enrico and Nicolai Ghiaurov as Raimondo, with chorus and orchestra of the Royal Opera House, conducted by Richard Bonynge. He was Ferrando in a 1974 studio recording of Cosí fan tutte conducted by Georg Solti, with Pilar Lorengar as Fiordiligi, Teresa Berganza as Dorabella, Tom Krause as Guglielmo, and Gabriel Bacquier, the London Opera Chorus and the London Philharmonic Orchestra; it served for a 1995 film of the Salzburg Marionette Theatre using puppets.He recorded the role of Belmonte on a DVD from the 1980 Glyndebourne Festival, directed by Peter Wood and conducted by Gustav Kuhn, alongside Valerie Masterson as Konstanze; a reviewer described his "elegant lyric tenor" as "near ideal", rendering "Mozart's phrases and singing with excellent diction". Davies was the tenor in a collection of sacred music by Mozart including the Vesperae solennes de confessore, with Kiri Te Kanawa as the soprano, with the London Symphony Chorus and Orchestra conducted by Colin Davis. He was the tenor soloist in a 1988 recording of Mozart's Requiem, with soprano Helen Donath, alto Yvonne Minton, bass Gerd Nienstedt, the Alldis Choir and the BBC Symphony Orchestra conducted again by Davis. Reviewer Stanley Sadie from Gramophone wrote: "The solo singing is of a very high order with many exquisite moments afforded particularly by Helen Donath's sweet, ringing soprano and Ryland Davies's lyrical tenor (caught at its best)."In 2007 Davies took part in a live recording from the Salzburg Festival of Eugene Onegin, conducted by Daniel Barenboim, with Peter Mattei in the title role and Anna Samuil as Tatiana; a reviewer wrote: "Davies, in the 1970s and 1980s one of the finest lyric tenors around, now in his mid-sixties was a wonderful tragicomic Triquet with the voice still in fine fettle".

 References 

 External links 
Ryland Davies discography at Discogs
Ryland Davies at IMDb
Ryland Davies (recordings) Muziekweb

Leo Parskey
Leo Parskey (June 22, 1915 – February 5, 1994) was an American lawyer and jurist who served as Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court from 1980 to 1985.

 Early life and military service 
Parskey was born in Hartford, Connecticut, on June 22, 1915. Parskey received an A.B. degree from Harvard College in 1937, and a J.D. degree from Harvard Law School in 1940. He became a member of the Connecticut Bar Association in 1940.After graduation, Parskey immediately joined the United States Army Air Corps, serving throughout World War II, and achieving the rank of captain by his discharge in 1946. He later became a member of the American Veterans Committee.

 Career 
Parskey ran for and served on the Hartford City Council in the 1950s; during this time, he was also deputy mayor. Parskey also served as the president of the Hartford chapter of the American Jewish Congress.In 1965, Parskey became a judge of the Connecticut Superior Court. On April 22, 1980, Governor Ella Grasso nominated him to become an associate justice on the Connecticut Supreme Court; he served until the constitutional limit on the age of justices in Connecticut of 70 years old, in 1985.

 Later life and death 
Parskey died on February 5, 1994, at the age of 78.

 References 

Ankit Gupta
Ankit Gupta (born 6 November 1988) is an Indian actor and model who is known for working in Hindi television. He is best known for his role as Parth Kashyap in Sadda Haq, Garv Priyom Thakur in Begusarai, Fateh Singh Virk in Colors TV's Udaariyaan and Jahaan Mehta in Junooniyatt. In 2022, he appeared in Bigg Boss 16 as a contestant.

 Early life 
Gupta was born on 6 November 1988 in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh. He completed his education at IPEC Engineering College.

 Career 
He started his career by doing a job at a call center and later moved to Mumbai, where he did many commercials and music videos before he started acting.Gupta made his acting debut in 2012, as Dr. Abhishek Kumar in Colors TV series Balika Vadhu. The same year, he was seen as Nalender Yadav in the Hindi film Tutiya Dil. In 2014, he rose to fame playing Parth Kashyap in Channel V India's show Sadda Haq.
Gupta was seen playing recurring roles in Begusarai as Garv Thakur, Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi as Jatin Roy, Mayavi Maling as Chegu and, Kundali Bhagya as Pawan Malhotra. He has also been part of the web series Illegal - Justice, Out of Order, Bekaboo 2, and Main Hero Boll Raha Hu.
From 2021 to 2022, Gupta was seen playing the male lead, Fateh Singh Virk, in Colors TV's popular drama Udaariyaan. In 2022, he was seen participating in the Colors TV's reality show Bigg Boss 16, and got evicted on day 84.From February to November 2023, Gupta was seen playing Jahaan Mehta, a musician, in Colors TV's romantic musical drama Junooniyatt.

 Filmography 

 Films 

 Television 

 Special appearances 

 Web series 

 Music videos 

 Awards and nominations 

 See also 
List of Indian actors
List of Indian television actors

 References 

 External links 

Ankit Gupta at IMDb

List of awards and nominations received by Paul Giamatti
Paul Giamatti is an American actor and producer.
Giamatti received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor for Ron Howard's Cinderella Man (2005). He has also received six Golden Globe Awards nominations winning thrice for John Adams (2008),  Barney's Version (2010), and The Holdovers (2023). He also received seven Screen Actors Guild Award nominations winning for Sideways (2004), Cinderella Man (2005), John Adams (2008), and Too Big to Fail (2010). For his work on television he has received four Primetime Emmy Award nominations, winning Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series for the HBO series John Adams (2008). He also received Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award wins for his performance as well.

 Major associations 

 Academy Awards 

 BAFTA Awards 

 Emmy Awards 

 Golden Globe Award 

 Screen Actors Guild Awards 

 Industry awards 

 Independent Spirit Awards 

 Critics Choice Awards 

 Miscellaneous awards 

 References 

Uniqlo
Uniqlo Co., Ltd. (株式会社ユニクロ, Kabushiki-gaisha Yunikuro) (US:  YOO-nee-kloh; Japanese pronunciation: [jɯnikɯɾo]) is a Japanese casual wear designer, fast-fashion manufacturer and retailer. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fast Retailing Co., Ltd.

 History 

 Origins in Japan 
A Yamaguchi-based company, Ogori Shōji (which, until then, had been operating men's clothing shops called "Men's Shop OS") was founded in March 1949 in Ube, Yamaguchi.On 2 June 1984, it opened a unisex casual wear store in Fukuro-machi, Naka-ku, Hiroshima, under the name "Unique Clothing Warehouse". Initially, the brand was going to be registered as a shortened contraction of "unique clothing". However, in 1988, during administration work in Hong Kong for registering the brand, the  "C" in the contracted name was misread as "Q". Tadashi Yanai, the head of the family retail conglomerate, liked the sound of the error and shortened the name to "Uniqlo" across Japan. In September 1991, the name of the company was changed from "Ogori Shōji" to "Fast Retailing", and by April 1994, there were over 100 Uniqlo stores operating throughout Japan.

 Private-label strategy 
In 1997, Fast Retailing adopted a set of strategies from American retailer The Gap, known as "SPA" (for specialty-store/retailer of private-label apparel), meaning that they would produce their own clothing and sell it exclusively. They engaged the retail brand consultancy, CIA, Inc./The Brand Architect Group, to guide the company through the realization of this strategy, including consulting on merchandise, visual merchandising and display, store design and a new logo designed by Richard Seireeni and Sy Chen of The Brand Architect Group's Los Angeles office. Uniqlo had begun outsourcing their clothing manufacturing to factories in China where labour was cheap, a well-established corporate practice. Japan was in the depths of a recession at the time, and the low-cost goods proved popular. Their advertising campaigns, clothing quality and new retail layouts also proved fruitful.
In creating its clothing lines, Uniqlo embraces both shun and kino-bi. Shun [旬] means 'timing, best timing, but also at the same time it's a trend,' something that's updated and just in time, neither early nor late. The company offers clothing basics, but basics that are current, that respond to what's going on today in art and design. Kino-bi [機能美] means function and beauty, joined together: the clothing is presented in an organized, rational manner, and that very organization and rationality creates an artistic pattern and rhythm. All these qualities reflect the defining characteristics of modern Japanese culture, modern 'Japaneseness.'
In November 1998, it opened their first urban Uniqlo store in Tokyo's trendy Harajuku district, and outlets soon spread to major cities throughout Japan. In 2001, sales turnover and gross profit reached a new peak, with over 500 retail stores in Japan. When Uniqlo decided to expand overseas, it separated Uniqlo from the parent company, and established Fast Retailing (Jiangsu) Apparel Co., Ltd. in China. In 2002, their first Chinese Uniqlo outlet was opened in Shanghai along with four overseas outlets in London and Basingstoke England.On 1 November 2005, Fast Retailing transferred the business related to clothing manufacturing and retailing to Sun Road Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary that operated golf courses through a company split (absorption-type split), and became a holding company. On the same day, Sun Road changed its name to Uniqlo Co., Ltd.
2005 saw more overseas expansion, with stores opening in the United States (New York City), Hong Kong (Tsim Sha Tsui) and South Korea (Seoul), their South Korean expansion being part of a joint venture with Lotte. As of year-end 2005, in addition to its overseas holdings, Uniqlo had around 700 stores within Japan. By 2006, sales were $4 billion. By April 2007, the company had set a global sales goal of $10 billion and a ranking among the top five global retailers, joining what at the time was Gap, H&M, Inditex and Limited Brands.Fast Retailing signed a design consulting contract for Uniqlo products with fashion designer Jil Sander in March 2009. Sander was appointed creative director of the brand's menswear and womenswear – as well as launching a new label, +J collection, which won the 2011 Brit Insurance Design Fashion Award.Shiatzy Chen was approached by Uniqlo to produce a capsule collection of ready-to-wear pieces to launch in November 2010, while Asia's largest Uniqlo store outside Japan opened its doors in Kuala Lumpur in the same month.
Uniqlo first opened its roadside store in Japan in 1985 and it has now many roadside stores in Japan and five other countries in South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, Philippines and Malaysia.On 2 September 2009, Fast Retailing announced that the company would target annual group sales of 5 trillion yen (approx. US$61.2 billion) and pretax profit from operations of 1 trillion yen (approx. US$12.2 billion) by 2020. This means that the company is aiming to become the world's biggest specialty retailer of private label apparel with a continuous growth rate of 20% per year. The figure breaks down as one trillion yen from Uniqlo's Japan business, three trillion yen from its international business, and one trillion yen from "Japan-related and global brand business." The company's international business target breaks down as one trillion yen in China, one trillion in other Asian countries and one trillion in Europe and the United States.On September 27, 2012, Uniqlo, collaborated with Japanese tech retailer Bic Camera, to open a store in Shinjuku called Bicqlo. It opened at the former site of a Mitsukoshi department store. The store is now a regular Bic Camera store after Uniqlo sold its lease of the building on June 19, 2022.
Launched in January 2017, "Art for All" was a partnership with New York art dealer and curator Jeffrey Deitch. The project involved selling, for under $100 per item, 65 limited-edition products made by commissioned artists such as Marie Roberts, Starlee Kine and Ken Kagami.Beginning in 2017, Uniqlo has collaborated with designer Johnathan Anderson on multiple menswear collections. As of 2023, the designer is still working with Uniqlo on limited collections.In late 2017, Uniqlo debuted a line of 3D knit garments, developed through a joint venture with knitwear machine company Shima Seiki. The technology allows a garment to be knit in one piece with minimal waste and no seamlines. It also allows for a finer level of shaping and fit compared to classic knitwear production techniques. As of 2023, Uniqlo is still selling 3D knit pieces.In October 2018, Uniqlo collaborated with designer Alexander Wang to create a line of Heattech layerable basics including tank tops, leggings, underwear and bodysuits.On 3 June 2019,  artist and recent Dior Homme collaborator KAWS participed on KAWS x UNIQLO UT. "Perhaps because all the other collections were the subdued Uniqlo trademark, KAWS’s subversive art was able to stand out all the more."
In November 2022, Uniqlo opens a new remake and repair service in Tokyo. Re. Uniqlo Repair Studio, offers same day repairs and custom remakes of clothing purchased at Uniqlo. It is open for a trial run until 31 March 2023. This was previously introduced at stores in Germany, the UK and US.On 16 August 2023, Uniqlo announced a line with designer Clare Waight Keller, former creative director of luxury brands Chloé and Givenchy. The 34-piece fall collection launched in September 2023 across 1,500 stores globally as well as online.

 Logo 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 International operations 
By August 2023, the company forecasts it will operate 3,747 stores worldwide.

 Australia 
Uniqlo opened its first Australian store in Melbourne in April 2014. It expanded into Queensland the following year, with the introduction of two shops in Brisbane. Uniqlo opened a shop in Chadstone Shopping Centre in Melbourne, Victoria, the largest shopping centre in the southern hemisphere, in October 2016 when it was redeveloped.
Uniqlo opened its first store in the Australian capital Canberra on 26 October 2023 in Canberra Centre.
As of 15 November 2023, there are 36 stores in Australia including in Perth, Brisbane, Melbourne, Sydney, and Canberra.

 Belgium 
The first Belgian Uniqlo store opened in October 2015 at Meir, Antwerp. A second store followed at the Wijnegem Shopping Center on 25 March in the same year. 19 October 2017 saw the opening of a third store in Brussels. Uniqlo store in Wijnegem Shopping Center has closed in 2022. There were 3 stores in Belgium as of May 2023.

 Canada 
Uniqlo opened their first Canadian store at the Toronto Eaton Centre on 30 September 2016, followed by a second store at the Yorkdale Shopping Centre on 20 October 2016. Measuring at 28,000 and 24,000 square feet, both stores are five times the size of the Muji store that opened in Toronto in 2014. Three new stores in Ontario opened in 2018 at Vaughan Mills, CF Markville and Square One Shopping Centre. Uniqlo opened the new Oshawa location at the Oshawa Centre in March 2019 and opened the new Newmarket location at the Upper Canada Mall in April 2019, bringing the total number of stores in Ontario to seven. A third Canadian store, the first outside of Ontario and the first in Western Canada, opened at Burnaby's Metropolis at Metrotown in October 2017  to be followed by Surrey's Guildford Town Centre and Richmond Centre in Richmond, BC. A new store opened at Coquitlam Centre in Coquitlam, BC on 14 September 2018. A new West Edmonton Mall store opened on 27 September 2019. A location opened on 23 October 2020 at the Montreal Eaton Centre in part of the former Eaton's store (and later Les Ailes de la Mode), the first Uniqlo location in Quebec. There are 14 stores in Canada as of 31 August 2021. Uniqlo opened a store in Ottawa on 16 June 2023 and opened a store in Calgary on 25 August 2023.

 China 
Uniqlo entered the Chinese mainland market in 2002. As of August 2021, there were 832 stores in China, including in Beijing, Guangzhou, Chongqing, Chengdu, Nanjing, Ningbo, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Shijia, Tianjin and Xi'an. "Given the population of 1.3 billion, I think we can go for about 3,000 stores," Fast Retailing chief Tadashi Yanai told The Nikkei in 2020, indicating plans to continue opening locations in the world's most populous country.In May 2011, the magazine Shukan Bunshun published a story alleging that Uniqlo had forced employees at its stores and factories in China to work long hours for little pay.  In response, Uniqlo unsuccessfully sued the weekly's publisher, Bungeishunjū, for ¥220 million for libel.A 2015 online video of a couple having sex in a Beijing Uniqlo store changing room became notorious among Chinese internet users. Chinese police arrested at least five people in connection with the incident, allegedly including the couple and three other disseminators of the video, for having 'severely violated socialist core values'. The New York Times noted that the store's exterior had become a popular venue for people to gather and take pictures in sexual poses reminiscent of the video.

 Denmark 
In April 2019, Uniqlo opened its first Danish flagship store in Copenhagen at Strøget. It became the second country to open a Uniqlo store in Scandinavia after Sweden.

 France 
As of May 2023, there were 26 stores in France, 9 of those were in Paris. On 17 November 2014, Uniqlo opened its first store in eastern France (and the second store in France outside Greater Paris) in the city of Strasbourg. Uniqlo currently has stores in many other major cities including Bordeaux, Lille, Lyon, Marseille, Montpellier, Nantes, Rennes and Toulouse.

 Germany 
Uniqlo's German flagship store opened on 11 April 2014 at Tauentzienstraße, Berlin. Uniqlo then opened a store in Stuttgart (2016), Cologne, Düsseldorf (2018) and Hamburg (2020). By 2021 the company operated ten stores in Germany, six of which were in Berlin. It was reported in 2023 that Uniqlo would open another flagship store in Munich in the historic Old Academy building.

 India 
Uniqlo opened its first Indian store New Delhi in October 2019 and in November it opened in Gurugram, following the company's announcement about the same on 9 May 2018. The company will set up a wholly owned subsidiary in India. First flagship store in Mumbai opened on 6 October 2023 at Phoenix Marketcity and the second store in Mumbai opened on 20 October at Oberoi Mall.As of October 2023, there are 12 stores in India.

 Indonesia 
On 22 June 2013, Uniqlo opened its first Indonesian store at Lotte Mall (formerly Lotte Shopping Avenue), Ciputra World 1, Jakarta. It has 67 stores as of November 2023, spreading east to Balikpapan, Bandung, Banjarmasin, Denpasar, Makassar, Manado, Mataram, Pontianak, Samarinda, Semarang, Surakarta, Surabaya and Yogyakarta, and west to Batam, Jambi, Lampung, Medan, Palembang and Pekanbaru. On 9 April 2021, its Indonesian flagship and most iconic store opened at Pondok Indah Mall 3, Jakarta. On 28 October 2022, Uniqlo opened its first roadside store in Indonesia at Heritage Lifestyle Hub in Bandung, West Java, thus became the sixth country outside Japan to get a Uniqlo roadside store. The second Uniqlo roadside store as well as its first neighborhood store in Indonesia opened at One District at Puri in Metland Cyber Puri in Tangerang, Banten on 26 May 2023.

 Italy 
In September 2019, Uniqlo opened its first Italian flagship store in Milan at Piazza Cordusio square. It was reported in 2023 that Uniqlo would open another flagship store in Rome at Via del Corso Street and it will open in Spring 2024.

 Luxembourg 
In October 2023, Uniqlo opened its first flagship store in Luxembourg, in Luxembourg City at Grand Rue Avenue. The store covers 950 square meters on three floors.

 Malaysia 
On 4 November 2010, Uniqlo opened its first store in Malaysia, in Fahrenheit 88 located in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur. As of October 2021, Uniqlo now has 48 outlets located across Malaysia, including an online store. Malaysia became the fifth country outside Japan to get a Uniqlo roadside store. The 15,100-square feet store, located in Bandar Sri Damansara was opened in December 2020.

 Netherlands 
The first Dutch Uniqlo store was opened at the Kalverstraat in Amsterdam on 28 September 2018. The official opening was marred by protests against Uniqlo's unethical business practices in its factory in Jakarta, Indonesia. As of August 2021, a second store was opened at the Grote Marktstraat in The Hague.

 Philippines 
Uniqlo's first store in the Philippines opened at the SM Mall of Asia on 15 June 2012. On its sixth anniversary, the company opened its flagship store in the country at Glorietta 5 in Makati, it opened on 5 October 2018. The store is the biggest in Southeast Asia.Uniqlo has partnered with the SM Group's SM Retail Inc. to bring the brand to the Philippines. As of August 2023, there were 72 stores in Philippines.

 Poland 
In October 2022, Uniqlo opened its first Polish store in Warsaw's Junior shopping centre. The store covers 1,500 square meters on two floors.

 South Korea 
Uniqlo (유니클로) generated more than 2 billion won ($1.7 million) in one day's sales on 11 November 2011 when it opened Asia's largest flagship store in central Seoul. The sales figure was the highest ever set by a fashion outlet in Korea. Uniqlo earns over US$1.2 billion in annual revenue with 134 shops in South Korea. Lotte owns 49% of Uniqlo's Korean subsidiary.On 6 December 2020, the flagship store in Myeong-dong was closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and anti-Japanese protests.

 Singapore 
As of 2024, Uniqlo had 29 stores in Singapore. Uniqlo opened its first store in Singapore on 9 April 2009 in Tampines 1, which has been closed down on 17 January 2021 and instead, a new store at Tampines Mall was opened on 5 February 2021 and has the similar format as Bugis+, ION Orchard, JEM, Orchard Central and Plaza Singapura which has two floors, one for men and one for women. The first Global Flagship Store opened on 2 September 2016 at Orchard Central replacing 313 @ Somerset. Numerous expansion plans were unveiled in 2020 and Uniqlo ION Orchard and Plaza Singapura, were also heavily expanded and is called "Uniqlotown" for Orchard Road.

 Spain 
Uniqlo began operations in Spain in 2016 with its online store, and in September 2017 opened its flagship store in Barcelona (Passeig de Gràcia). It also owns three more stores in Barcelona and two stores in Madrid. As of May 2023, there were 6 stores in Spain.

 Sweden 
In August 2018, Uniqlo opened its first Swedish store in Stockholm at Kungsträdgården square. As of May 2023, there were 3 stores in Sweden, also in Gothenburg and Solna.

 Taiwan 
Uniqlo opened its first store in Taiwan on 5 October 2010 at Hankyu Department Store in Taipei. Then, on 23 September 2011, Uniqlo opened its sixth flagship store worldwide in Ming Yao Department Store in Taipei, which covers an area of 3,630 m2 (39,100 sq ft) across four floors with 39 fitting rooms and 45 cashier counters. As of June 2022, there are 70 stores in Taiwan.

 Thailand 
Uniqlo opened its first store in Thailand on the 9th of September 2011 at Central World. As of August 2023, there were 64 stores in Thailand.

 United Kingdom 
As of May 2023, There were 17 stores in the UK, 11 of those were in London. Ambitious expansion plans in the early 2000s were reversed, with 16 shops being closed in 2003, including those in Manchester, Coventry, and Leicester. Uniqlo opened a brand new shop in Manchester on Market Street in April 2019. It was reported in 2023 that Uniqlo would open the first Scottish flagship store in Edinburgh on Princes Street in the former BHS building which is set to open in Spring 2024.

 United States 
In September 2005, Uniqlo opened its first United States store in the Menlo Park Mall located in Edison, New Jersey. In November 2006, Uniqlo opened its first global flagship store in the SoHo fashion district of Manhattan, New York City. New fashion designers joined the store's team to boost and rebirth fashion concepts catering to the US market.As part of Fast Retailing's 2020 plan, the company has stated that it plans to generate $10 billion in annual sales in the United States from 200 stores, which will lead to a location in every major U.S. city. This goal was stated when the company's only U.S. presence was its handful of stores in the New York City area, soon after the company began an expansion in the United States.
In October 2015, Uniqlo opened its first store in the Midwest with a Chicago store on Michigan Avenue. The Michigan Avenue flagship closed in 2021.In October 2019, Uniqlo signed a lease for its first North American distribution center in Phillipsburg, NJ, leasing a space of over 950,000 sq ft. As of September 2023, there were 50 stores in the USA.

 Vietnam 
On 17 October 2019, Uniqlo officially arranged the first store in Vietnam, which is expected to open at the end of 2019 in District 1, the center of Ho Chi Minh City. Located on a corner of Le Thanh Ton and Dong Khoi streets, UNIQLO Dong Khoi is located right in front of Parkson Saigon Tourist Plaza, one of the most popular and widely known shopping destinations. Uniqlo opened a second store on 6 March 2020 in Hanoi in the popular shopping center "Vincom Center Phạm Ngọc Thạch". The store covers 760 square meters on two floors.
As of June 2023, there were 17 stores in Vietnam.

 Controversies 
In January 2015, a number of labor rights violations were reported at Uniqlo suppliers in China. Uniqlo pledged to remedy the violations.In June 2015, Chinese Uniqlo factory demonstrated after a factory closure, with support from the Hong Kong-based activist group Students and Scholars Against Corporate Misbehaviour (SACOM). In November 2015, investigations into the measures Uniqlo introduced in the wake of the January 2015 revelations found that the remedies had been only partially successful, with significant violations continuing to occur.In October 2016, the report This Way to Dystopia: Exposing UNIQLO's Abuse of Chinese Garment Workers by SACOM and War on Want claimed that it was still the case that "excessive overtime, low pay, dangerous working conditions and oppressive management" were common in Uniqlo factories in China and Cambodia.
In 2019, a number of Australian workers reported that bullying and harassment is rife, there were "shouting rooms", and a toxic work culture. They claimed they had to work 18-hour days, had to fold seven shirts per minute, and that everyone leaves with "some form of PTSD".Also in 2019, an international Uniqlo advert was uniquely subtitled for the South Korean market in a manner widely perceived there to have trivialized the trauma of comfort women.In January 2021, Uniqlo shirts were blocked at the US border over concerns of violations related to a ban on cotton products produced in the Xinjiang region of China due to reports of forced labour. A protest was filed by Uniqlo's parent company Fast Retailing, but was denied.At the onset of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Fast Retailing initially decided to remain in the Russian market, saying that clothing is a "necessity of life". Following backlash, on 10 March 2022 the company announced to stop operating in Russia, citing "a number of difficulties, including operational challenges and the worsening of the conflict situation."

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to UNIQLO at Wikimedia Commons

2006 Michigan Attorney General election
The 2006 Michigan Attorney General election took place on November 7, 2006, to elect the Attorney General of Michigan. Incumbent Mike Cox became the first Republican in over 50 years to be elected attorney general and was seeking to become the first Republican since the amending of the Michigan Constitution to be re-elected. Despite a 2005 scandal where Cox announced he had an extramarital affair before becoming Attorney General Cox won re-election easily, defeating Democratic nominee Amos Williams, taking 54 percent of the vote.

 Republican convention 

 Candidates 

 Nominee 
Mike Cox, incumbent Michigan Attorney General

 Democratic convention 

 Candidates 

 Nominee 
Amos Williams

 Minor parties 

 Libertarian Party 
Bill Hall 

 U.S. Taxpayers Party 
Charles F. Conces

 General election 

 Results 

 References 

 See also 

Jo Koy
Joseph Glenn Herbert (born June 2, 1971), known professionally as Jo Koy, is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He was a frequent panelist on E!'s late night show Chelsea Lately. He has since had a total of six comedy specials released by Comedy Central and Netflix. In 2024, Koy hosted the 81st Golden Globe Awards to negative reviews.

 Early life 
Koy was born to a Caucasian father who was in the United States Air Force stationed in the Philippines when he married Koy's Filipina mother. His family moved from Spanaway, Washington, to Tacoma, Washington, and then to Las Vegas soon after he finished high school in Tacoma. He originally attended Spanaway Lake High School and then moved to Foss High School in Tacoma. They moved to Las Vegas to be near his ailing grandmother. Jo Koy enrolled in the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, but dropped out to pursue stand-up comedy.Koy has said that his stage name comes from a nickname his family gave him when he was growing up. It was said during his stand-up routine in Phoenix, Arizona, on September 22, 2019, that back in 1989 he was talking to his cousin about making a stage name when his aunt called him to come to dinner, shouting "Jo Ko, eat!" (Ko means "my" in Tagalog, so Jo Ko means "my Jo"), which he misheard as "Koy," and, deciding that it was a good name, has used it ever since.
Koy credits his mother for his comedic and acting talents. He frequently tells stories about her in his comedy shows. She encouraged him to participate in school talent shows and to hold impromptu performances for his family and friends. This led to performances at a Las Vegas coffee house and inspired a move to Los Angeles.

 Career 
In 1994, Koy began his stand-up career at a comedy club in Las Vegas. Soon he moved from open mic night to a regular spot on the show Catch a Rising Star at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. After performing at the MGM Grand Las Vegas, he rented the Huntridge Theater and went door to door to sell tickets to his comedy shows. A talent coordinator from Los Angeles spotted Koy and landed him his first television appearance on BET's ComicView. He has appeared in two seasons of Comic View.
Koy has starred in other TV stand-up specials like Jamie Foxx Presents: Laffapalooza! Jo Koy has won the Showtime at the Apollo, performed in front of troops in the USO Tour, can be seen on various VH1 I Love the '70s, '80s, '90s, truTV's World's Dumbest... and New Millennium episodes, Amp'd Mobile phone commercials and received a second invite to the Montreal comedy festival Just for Laughs, the series for which he was awarded Canada's prestigious Gemini Award. Koy was also a regular guest at Chelsea Handler's roundtable discussion on E!'s Chelsea Lately. He has also appeared on Carlos Mencia's Punisher Tour performing stand-up comedy. In 2005, He performed on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.
Koy started a podcast together with comedian and TV host Michael Yo on July 23, 2012, called The Michael Yo and Jo Koy Show. Koy has also appeared on over 100 episodes of Chelsea Lately as a season regular roundtable guest. Other appearances include The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, @midnight with Chris Hardwick, VH1, World's Funniest Fails, The Joy Behar Show, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Last Call with Carson Daly and Jamie Foxx: Laffapalooza. Today, the comedian tours across the US and can be heard as a weekly guest on the podcast, The Adam Carolla Show. He joined the PodcastOne family and hosts the weekly podcast, The Koy Pond. Koy has done two highly rated and successful comedy specials on Comedy Central: Don't Make Him Angry and Lights Out. His third comedy special, Jo Koy: Live from Seattle is a Netflix Original, and was released worldwide on March 28, 2017. Koy released another Netflix special titled Jo Koy: Comin' in Hot on June 12, 2019. On February 23, 2019, Koy performed two shows on stage at the Wheeler Opera House, Aspen, Colorado, for the closing night of Aspen Laugh Festival.On June 12, 2020, Netflix released Jo Koy: In His Elements, a comedy special featuring Filipino American comedians, DJs, and B-boys. On July 28, 2022, Koy, alongside film producer Dan Lin appeared in the Rise for Comedy festival, where they raised a $75,000 donation to the nonprofit Search to Involve Pilipino Americans (SIPA).On December 21, 2023, Koy was announced as host of the 81st Golden Globe Awards.

 2024 Golden Globe Awards 
Koy's monologue as host of the 81st Golden Globe Awards was met with criticism from viewers and critics with many describing his jokes as "painful", "unfunny", and "cringeworthy". Chelsey Sanchez of Bazaar described his monologue as "awkward" and "distasteful". Shirley Li of The Atlantic wrote, "practically every joke failed to land, mostly because the punchlines were dated or obvious". Variety's television critic Alison Herman panned Koy as "woefully unqualified" to be an awards show host. Koy was met with criticism for putting blame on his writers during the monologue, coming after a lengthy 2023 Writers Guild of America strike. Justin Curto of Vulture noted, that when some of his jokes fell flat, Koy "immediately threw his writers under the bus... He yelled. 'Yo, shut up. You're kidding me, right. Slow down. I wrote some of these, and they're the ones you're laughing at.'"Hershal Pandya of Vulture wrote "Comedians have tanked at the Golden Globes before but none quite as spectacularly as Koy." Marlow Stern of Rolling Stone noted that many of Koy's jokes drew "groans" and "boos" from the audience. Among the barbs that drew the most ire were sexist jokes involving the Barbie movie and Taylor Swift, as well as uncomfortable jokes directed at Meryl Streep and Robert De Niro. Nicole Sperling of The New York Times, who was in the audience that night, wrote, "Never seen an audience rebel against an emcee so quickly" and cited a prominent director describing Koy as a "disaster". Viewers online noted stunned reactions from the crowd from people such as Selena Gomez, Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford.Koy responded to the criticism in an interview with Good Morning America, admitting, "I'd be lying if I said the backlash didn't hurt", but also admitted, "I had fun. You know, it was a moment that I'll always remember. Hosting is just a tough gig. Yes, I'm a stand-up comic but that hosting position it's a different style. I kind of went in and did the writer's thing. We had 10 days to write this monologue. It was a crash course. I feel bad, but I got to still say I loved what I did." Since his ceremony comedians Steve Martin, Whoopi Goldberg and Kevin Hart, and radio host Howard Stern have expressed sympathy towards Koy stating that the job of a comedian isn't always easy, especially when hosting an awards show.

 Influences 
Koy has named Eddie Murphy, Robin Williams, Billy Crystal, Whoopi Goldberg, Chris Rock, and Steve Martin as his comedy influences. In 2022, Blogtalk with MJ Racadio named him one of the "75 Most Influential Filipino-Americans".

 Personal life 
Koy has one son, born April 21, 2003, from a previous relationship with Angie King. Koy and his son reside in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles, California.
On September 27, 2021, Koy and Chelsea Handler posted an official Instagram post of their relationship.  In July 2022, they announced their breakup on Handler's Instagram, which occurred in June.Koy is a practitioner of Brazilian jiu-jitsu.

 Charity work 
On August 4, 2009, The Jo Koy Foundation hosted its first philanthropic event in "Hilarity for Charity" a stand-up comedy show featuring Koy, along with special surprise comedic guests. The show took place at The Jon Lovitz Comedy Club, located in the heart of Citywalk, Universal City, California. Proceeds from the ticket sales were donated to The Children's Hospital of Orange County.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Stand-up specials 

 Television 

 References 

 External links 

Jo Koy at IMDb
Official website
Comedy Central profile Archived October 16, 2008, at the Wayback Machine

Alexander Payne
Constantine Alexander Payne (born February 10, 1961) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. He is noted for his satirical depictions of contemporary American society. Payne has received numerous accolades, including two Academy Awards, a BAFTA Award and two Golden Globe Awards as well as a nomination for a Grammy Award.
After directing several short films, Payne made his feature film debut with the black comedy Citizen Ruth (1996). His career progressed with the political satire Election (1999), for which he received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and the comedy-drama About Schmidt (2002). Payne twice won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for co-writing his directorials Sideways (2004) and The Descendants (2011). He was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for these two films and for the road film Nebraska (2013). He has since directed the comedy-dramas Downsizing (2017), and The Holdovers (2023).

 Early life and education 
Payne was born in Omaha, Nebraska, to Peggy and George Payne, restaurant owners. He is the youngest of three sons and grew up in the Dundee neighborhood. He is of Greek ancestry. Payne's paternal grandfather, Nicholas "Nick" Payne, anglicized the last name from "Papadopoulos". His family comes from three areas in Greece: the island of Syros, Livadia, and Aegio. Payne's family was part of the fabric of Omaha, which he refers to as part of his upbringing. His grandfather was a founder of The Virginia Cafe, with Payne's father taking over the restaurant. Payne went there regularly as a child. The restaurant was destroyed in a fire in 1969; the W. Dale Clark Library was later built on the site. Payne's paternal grandmother, Clara Payne (née Hoffman), was from a German Nebraska family from Lincoln, Nebraska.In Omaha, Payne attended Brownell-Talbot School, Dundee Elementary School, and Lewis and Clark Junior High. He graduated from Creighton Prep for high school in 1979. At Prep, Payne wrote a humor column for his high school newspaper and was the editor of the high school yearbook. Payne then attended Stanford University, where he majored in Spanish and History. As a part of his Spanish degree, he studied at Spain's University of Salamanca. He later lived a few months in Medellin, Colombia, where he published an article about social changes between 1900 and 1930. Payne received his MFA in 1990 from the UCLA Film School.
In the 1960s, Payne's father received a Super 8mm projector from Kraft Foods as a loyalty reward, and eventually passed it on to his son when Alexander was about 14 years old.

 Career 

 1985–1996: Short films and film debut 
A short time after getting his MFA from UCLA Film School—and after his successful thesis film The Passion of Martin had attracted industry attention—Payne got a writing/directing deal with Universal Pictures. The ensuing screenplay, which was turned down, ultimately became About Schmidt. He says that he cleared about $60,000, which was enough to fund his simple lifestyle at the time for about five years. Payne has said he sees his talent as being one of learned economy, referring to the essay written by Tennessee Williams on The Catastrophe of Success. During this time Payne worked in various capacities on films and television including directing several films for the Playboy channel.
Payne co-wrote and directed his first full-length film, Citizen Ruth, which was released in 1996. The film is a satirical black comedy revolving around the issue of abortion rights. The film stars Laura Dern as a dim witted woman with substance abuse issues who happens to get pregnant. She unexpectedly becomes a pawn of figures from both sides of the abortion debate. The film co-stars Kelly Preston, Burt Reynolds, and Tippi Hedren. The film premiered at the 1996 Sundance Film Festival where it received favorable reviews. In Janet Maslin of The New York Times review she wrote, "There's no easy way out of this predicament, though Mr. Payne does beg the question with skill. And Citizen Ruth can easily be forgiven for not finding a fully satisfying ending. It delivers more than enough lively, gutsy satire along the way."

 1999–2013: Breakthrough and acclaim 
His second film, Election, starring Matthew Broderick and Reese Witherspoon, which takes aim at politics and education in America, attracted attention when New Yorker film critic David Denby named it the best film of 1999. Payne received his first Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay nomination for Election. Roger Ebert gave the film three and a half stars out of four, praising Witherspoon and Payne, and saying, "...here is a movie that is not simply about an obnoxious student, but also about an imperfect teacher, a lockstep administration, and a student body that is mostly just marking time until it can go out into the world and occupy valuable space". The film became a cult classic, ranking at #61 on Bravo's "100 Funniest Movies" and #9 on Entertainment Weekly's list of the "50 Best High School Movies", while Witherspoon's performance was ranked at #45 on the list of the "100 Greatest Film Performances of All Time" by Premiere. According to Payne, it is also President Barack Obama's favorite political film.In 2000, Payne completed an uncredited polish-up of the screenplay for the comedy film Meet the Parents. In 2001, Payne wrote a draft of Jurassic Park III. In 2002, Payne's film About Schmidt, about a recently retired widower who embarks on a journey to his estranged daughter's wedding, was released. The film starred Jack Nicholson as the title character, Warren Schmidt, and its script was based on the novel of the same name by Louis Begley. The film also co-starred Hope Davis, Dermot Mulroney, June Squibb, and Kathy Bates. The film premiered at the 55th Cannes Film Festival to rave reviews, with critics highlighting Nicholson's performance. Payne received a Golden Globe for the screenplay, which was also nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. To the surprise of many who kept track of Hollywood news, Payne and Jim Taylor were not nominated for an Oscar for the About Schmidt screenplay.
In 2004, Payne followed About Schmidt with Sideways, a film about two middle-aged men who embark on a week-long road trip to Santa Barbara County wine country to celebrate Jack's upcoming wedding. The film stars Paul Giamatti and Thomas Hayden Church as the two friends, with Virginia Madsen and Sandra Oh. The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival where it received rave reviews. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film four stars, saying: "what happens during the seven days adds up to the best human comedy of the year – comedy, because it is funny, and human, because it is surprisingly moving." Payne won both the Academy Award and Golden Globe in 2005 for Best Adapted Screenplay, while the film also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy. In total, Sideways received five Academy Award nominations including Best Picture.
In 2007 Payne served as an executive producer on the films King of California and The Savages. He also collaborated once again with writing partner Jim Taylor to write a draft of the screenplay for the film I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry (2007), a comedy directed by Dennis Dugan, and starring Adam Sandler and Kevin James. Payne disliked the final product, stating that Adam Sandler rewrote so much of the story that almost all of what Payne and Taylor wrote was gone.

Payne returned to directing in 2011 after a seven-year hiatus with the film The Descendants, a film about a man dealing with the aftermath of a boating accident involving his wife, leaving her in a coma. The film starred George Clooney, Shailene Woodley, Beau Bridges, Judy Greer, Matthew Lillard, and Robert Forster. The film premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival where it received near universal praise ending up on many critics top 10 list of the year. Critics also hailed George Clooney's performance with many citing it as his best. Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian praised Payne as a director writing, "Payne knows the difference between lightness and frivolity, between seriousness and solemnity, between different kinds of cloud...Within a single scene the film can tap into deep feelings of pain, switch into comic modes as various as farce and satire, and confront and evade moral challenges." Payne also co-wrote the screenplay along with Nat Faxon, and Jim Rash who all won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Payne executive produced the short film Run Fast. Anna Musso, his long-time assistant and protégé, wrote and directed the film, which shot in March 2014. The project was partially funded by a Kickstarter campaign. Payne was also executive producer of the acclaimed 2014 film Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter directed by David Zellner. Payne's Nebraska starred veteran character actor Bruce Dern (who received the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actor) and Saturday Night Live alumnus Will Forte. It was released on November 15, 2013. The film received critical acclaim with David Edlestein of NPR describing it as a "superb balancing act" and adding, "it's a special kind of triumph". The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture with Payne receiving a Best Director nomination, ultimately losing to Alfonso Cuarón for Gravity.

 2017–2022: Career slump 
Payne has said that during his seven-year hiatus between Sideways (2004) and The Descendants (2011), he, along with working partner Jim Taylor, were developing the satire Downsizing, which Payne has described as "a large canvas, science-fiction social satire" and "an epic masterpiece." The film, about an impoverished married couple who decide the way ahead lies in shrinking themselves, was to star Paul Giamatti and Reese Witherspoon, but was superseded by The Descendants and Nebraska. In March 2016, Witherspoon was replaced by Kristen Wiig and Giamatti by Matt Damon. Hong Chau, Christoph Waltz, Udo Kier, Neil Patrick Harris, and Jason Sudeikis also starred. Paramount Pictures released the film on December 22, 2017. It has received mixed reviews, with many critics describing it as the weakest film of Payne's career.

 2023–present: Resurgence 
In June 2021, it was announced that Payne will direct Paul Giamatti in the David Hemingson-scripted film The Holdovers for Miramax. The film premiered at the Telluride Film Festival to widespread critical acclaim. Peter Debruge of Variety compared it to the films of Hal Ashby describing it as feeling as though it was a "lost 70s classic". Stephen Farber of The Hollywood Reporter hailed it as "an engaging and often touching comic drama that builds power as it moves toward its immensely satisfying conclusion."While promoting the film, Payne announced that he was collaborating with Hemingson yet again on a long-time dream to make a Western film. "I finally found a creative partner who shares the same zeal that I have for Westerns," Payne said. The film is said to be set in 1980s Nebraska.

 Unrealized projects 
In 1999, it was reported that Payne was in talks to direct Esquivel, a biopic starring John Leguizamo as Mexican musician Juan García Esquivel.In 2000, it was reported that Payne was to co-write and direct an untitled film inspired by Oscar Wilde’s The Picture of Dorian Gray. 
However, nothing more was heard of this project.At one point, Payne was in talks to direct the remake of the 1966 heist comedy Gambit, after the Coen brothers did a rewrite of the film in 2003. He planned to reunite with Reese Witherspoon for the project, but he ultimately decided against it, reluctant to direct a script he didn't write.In November 2010, it was reported that Payne would possibly direct the film adaptation of Daniel Clowes's graphic novel Wilson. Then in November 2011, Payne confirmed that he was to direct Wilson next after Nebraska (2013). However, Payne officially confirmed in a 2014 interview with Parade that he was no longer attached to the Wilson project.It was reported in 2011 that Payne was to direct a film titled Fork in the Road.  That project was to have been an adaptation of a novel by Denis Hamill.In 2012, it was reported that Payne and Jim Taylor wrote a script titled The Lost Cause, which was said to be an expansion of Taylor's 2004 short film of the same name.In November 2013, Payne was in talks to direct a film titled The Judge's Will for Fox Searchlight Pictures. The project was to have been based on a New Yorker article written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala about an elderly judge from Delhi who wants to make sure his much younger wife will be taken care of after his death. In May 2018, it was reported that James Ivory would write the screenplay of the project for Payne. In June 2018, it was reported that Payne will possibly shoot The Judge's Will in Chicago.In November 2014, it was announced that Payne would direct a film titled La Vida Norteña. The project was to have been about a Latin music promoter who befriends a Nebraskan mayor.In April 2015, it was reported that Payne was interested in directing Septillion to One, a contemporary romantic comedy inspired by the true story of Joan Ginther, who won the Texas State Lottery four times. Adam R. Perlman and Graham Sack's spec script was purchased by OddLot Entertainment, who intended to produce and finance the film. Payne was not officially committed to directing at the time, due to his preoccupation with the production of Downsizing (2017). In September 2016, Mark Romanek signed on to direct the film.In February 2016, it was announced that Payne was to direct a film titled My Saga, which is based on a pair of articles written by Karl Ove Knausgård and published by The New York Times Magazine. The articles cover Knausgård tracing the Vikings' voyages in North America. The film was to have been distributed by Netflix and star Mads Mikkelsen. In October 2019, the production was cancelled a week before filming was to begin due to Knausgard objecting to his life story being turned into a feature film.In March 2018, Payne was in talks to direct a legal drama film for Amazon Studios titled The Burial. The project was based on the true story of Mississippi-based lawyer Willie Gary, who takes on the case of Jeremiah O'Keefe, an owner of a chain of funeral homes who claimed he was swindled by a major funeral parlor conglomerate. Maggie Betts took over as director and the film premiered in 2023 at the Toronto International Film Festival.
It was reported in February 2019 that Payne was attached to direct the comedy horror film The Menu for Gary Sanchez Productions. The plot concerns a young couple that attends an exclusive restaurant in a tropical island only to experience some "shocking surprises." By April 2019, Emma Stone and Ralph Fiennes were set to star in the film. By May 2020, Mark Mylod replaced Payne on The Menu.On December 2, 2019, it was announced that Payne was attached to direct an American remake of the 1987 Oscar-winning Danish film Babette's Feast. Payne's version is said to be set in Minnesota.On December 20, 2019, it was announced that Payne was going to direct the HBO miniseries Landscapers. However, in October 2020, it was announced that Payne dropped out of the project due to a schedule conflict and was replaced by Will Sharpe.In 2021, Payne said that one of his upcoming projects, which he planned to follow The Holdovers, would be a comedy set in Paris based on the true story of rival antique chair dealers, and that he was using the pandemic downtime to craft the screenplay. In 2023, Payne told IndieWire that he was working with Jim Taylor and a French screenwriting team, and that their script is "maybe 65 percent there".In 2022, soon after the publication of Tracy Flick Can't Win, a film adaptation was announced to be in works at Paramount+ with Reese Witherspoon set to reprise her role as Tracy Flick and Payne returning to direct and co-write.On a 2023 episode of Happy Sad Confused, Payne revealed that one of his favorite scripts which had not been produced was a rewrite with Jim Taylor on a film called Tucker Ames as Himself, which he described as "sort of a parody of a Bill Gates guy who gets his comeuppance in some way."

 Themes 
He has set many of his films in Omaha, his hometown. His films sometimes include scenes of historical landmarks, black and white photographs, and museums, and he often uses amateur actors for minor roles.Payne is on the short list of directors who have final cut rights for their films.In 2005, he became a member of the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (Directors Branch).

 Personal life 

 Family 
Payne married Canadian actress Sandra Oh on January 1, 2003, after dating her for three years, and collaborating with her in Sideways. On March 12, 2005, a publicist announced their separation. The divorce was officially finalized on December 22, 2006, although the former couple took more than two years to settle their finances. In 2015, Payne married Maria Kontos, whom he met while visiting the Aigio region of Greece where some of his ancestors originated. They welcomed a daughter in 2017, and divorced in 2022. In 2022 he received Greek citizenship.

 Philanthropy and business ventures 
Payne is on the Board of Directors of an Omaha non-profit film theater, Film Streams. He maintains a passion for preservation. In recent years, he helped preserve a historic film theater in Scottsbluff, Nebraska.Payne was co-owner (along with friend Ann Beeder) of King Fong (now permanently closed), a Chinese restaurant in Omaha.Payne is a long-time supporter of the Nebraska Coast Connection, a social networking organization that meets monthly in Culver City, California. In November 2013, he held a special screening of Nebraska for the group's members at the Sherry Lansing Theatre on the Paramount Studios lot.

 Statutory rape allegation 
In a 2018 interview with Ronan Farrow, actress Rose McGowan accused a "prominent” man in Hollywood of statutory rape but she did not name the person in question. In August 2020, McGowan said it was Payne and that he committed the act sometime in 1988 or 1989, when McGowan was 15 years old and Payne was about 28 years old.Payne responded to McGowan's allegation by writing a guest column in Deadline Hollywood in which he admitted to a consensual relationship with her, but denied any impropriety, alleging that they had met in 1991 when she was over the age of consent, which is 18 in California. Payne ended his statement writing, "While I cannot allow false statements about events 29 years ago to go uncorrected, I will continue to wish only the best for Rose".

 Filmography 

 Short film 

 Feature film 

 Television 

 Awards and nominations 

Over his career Payne has received numerous accolades including two Academy Awards, a BAFTA Award, two Golden Globe Awards, and five Independent Spirit Awards. He has also received a nomination for a Grammy Award. In 2017, Metacritic ranked Payne 2nd on its list of the 25 best film directors of the 21st century.
Directed Academy Award performances
Payne has directed multiple Oscar nominated performances.

In 2012, he was named as a member of the Jury for the Main Competition at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. His 2013 film Nebraska was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. With his Academy Award nomination for Nebraska in 2014, Payne has been nominated seven times, winning the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay twice.
In 2014, The Location Managers Guild of America honored Payne with their inaugural Eva Monley Award for his masterful use of location as another character.

 Bibliography 
Julie Levinson, ed. Alexander Payne: Interviews. Jackson: University Press of Mississippi, 2014. ISBN  978-1-62846-109-1.
Alexander Payne and James Zemaitis. The Coffee Table Coffee Table Book. London: Black Dog Pub, 2003. ISBN 978-190-103304-5.
Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor. The Sideways Guide to Wine and Life. New York: Newmarket, 2005. Illustrated by Rex Pickett. ISBN 978-155-704686-4.

 References 

 External links 

Alexander Payne at IMDb
Fischbach, Bob (November 21, 2011). "'The Descendants' debuts in Omaha". Omaha World-Herald. Archived from the original on November 10, 2013. Retrieved November 13, 2013.

Onewe
Onewe (Korean: 원위, stylized in all caps, pronounced [wʌnˌwi]) is a South Korean alternative rock band composed of five members: Yonghoon, Harin, Kanghyun, Dongmyeong and Giuk (formerly known as CyA). The members originally formed under the name M.A.S 0094 (Make a Sound 0094). They released their first single "Butterfly, Find a Flower" on August 13, 2015 under Modern Music. In April 2017, they moved to RBW and were renamed MAS. In June 2018, it was announced that the band would redebut under the new band name, Onewe. The band officially made its re-debut on May 13, 2019 with their first single album 1/4.

 Career 

 2015–2016: Formation and debut 
Formed in May 2015, M.A.S 0094 was an independent group that performed and covered well-known songs in public with all profits going to charity for comfort women victims. The proceeds of their first single, "Butterfly, Find a Flower", released on August 13, 2015, also went towards charity.M.A.S 0094 released their first EP, Feeling Good Day, on March 25, 2016. The EP contains six tracks, including the lead single "Feeling Good" and their single "Butterfly, Find a Flower" that was previously released.
They officially debuted on August 2 with their song "After 15 Seconds" which was performed on the music program The Show.In November, the band held a performance called "Masland". They also released the single "Starlight".On December 30, M.A.S 0094 performed as a session band for Mamamoo's performance during the 2016 KBS Song Festival. On December 31, they were the only Korean act to participate and were the finale performance in the Hello Starlight Forest New Year's Eve Concert held at Changsha, China.

 2017–2018: Make Some Noise, survival show and rebrand as Onewe 
On January 6, 2017, the band released their second EP Make Some Noise. The EP contains six tracks, including the lead single "Make Some Noise" and "Starlight". In February, they held a concert in celebration of 200 days since their debut.In April, the band signed a contract with RBW, moving from Modern Music to RBW and shortening their name to MAS. Also that month, Dongmyeong represented RBW in the reality television series Produce 101 Season 2. Dongmyeong later was eliminated in 68th place during episode 5.MAS participated in the reality television series The Unit during October. In the 7th episode, Harin (52nd), Yonghoon (58th), Giuk (59th) and Kanghyun (61st) were eliminated. Dongmyeong made it to the finale where he was later eliminated (16th).In December, MAS joined the RBW debut project RBW Trainee Real Life – We Will Debut along with pre-debut team RBW Boyz (now Oneus). They later held a concert for the project's second season entitled We Will Debut Chapter 2 – Special Party in the same month.In June 2018, RBW revealed that MAS would re-debut under the name "Onewe". In September, they released a pre-debut single and music video for "Last Song" along with their labelmate Oneus. On December 23, they held a Christmas concert entitled "Studio We : Live #1".

 2019: Re-debut and Japan debut 
Onewe made their official re-debut on May 13, 2019 with the release of their first single album titled 1/4, with the lead single "Reminisce About All"They made their debut in Japan on June 7, releasing a single album containing the Japanese versions of the songs included in 1/4. It made Tower Records Japan's "Top 10 Best-Selling Japanese Singles released by Korean Artists" for the first half of 2019. They later held their first Japanese concert, called Prologue, on June 8.
On June 30, they held a concert entitled Studio We : Live #2 The Name of the Star I Live On.On August 29, the band released its second single album 2/4, with their lead single "Regulus". On the same day, Onewe made their music show debut on M Countdown.On October 13, they held a mini concert entitled Studio We : Live #3" Fallin’ Good Day. On December 29, they held a Christmas mini concert entitled Studio We : Live #4" My Own Band Room.

 2020: ONE and major releases 
On April 2, 2020, the band released their third single album 3/4, with the lead single "Q", composed by member Giuk and featured Hwasa. The single entered the Billboard's World Digital Song Sales at number 12.Onewe's first full-length album, One, was released on May 26. The album includes tracks from previous releases along with three new songs, including the title track "End of Spring".
On September 12, Onewe held their first on-tact live concert entitled O! NEW E!volution.  On September 24, the band pre-released their lead single "Parting", along with a music video. The single was followed by the release of the band's first demo album Studio We: Recording on October 4.From November 13 to 15 they held an online mini concert entitled "Studio We : Live #5" A Moment in Full Bloom Under Two Starlights.On December 11, the band released their new single album Memory: Illusion, with their lead single "A Book In Memory".

 2021: Studio We: Live, Planet Nine: Alter Ego and Studio We: Recording #2 
On January 23 and 24, they held an online mini concert entitled "Studio We : Live #6" Onewe? or Onewe!. On March 6 and 7, they held an encore concert in Rolling Hall.
On June 16, Onewe released their first EP Planet Nine: Alter Ego, with their lead single "Rain To Be". All 5 members participated in writing or composing the songs on the album, with Kanghyun writing and composing the lead single. The B-side "Aurora" ranked at number one on MTV's 21 best K-Pop B-sides of 2021 list.Released on September 8, Giuk co-wrote labelmates Purple Kiss's title track "Zombie" for their album Hide & Seek.The group released a pre-release digital single "Star" on November 23, in advance of their second demo album, Studio We: Recording #2, on December 7.On December 21, Onewe released a new collaboration single with Oneus titled "Stay".

 2022: Planet Nine: Voyager, Great Seoul Invasion, Timeless and Studio We: Recording #3 
On January 4, Onewe released their second EP Planet Nine: Voyager with the lead single "Universe_".On May 20, Onewe released their special album Timeless, with the lead single "Roommate".On July 12, Yonghoon enlisted in the military to serve his mandatory military service and Kanghyun enlisted on August 2.Onewe participated in the reality television series Great Seoul Invasion which premiered on July 20 on Mnet. Onewe participated in the livestreamed auditions on April 15, and pre-recorded for the show before the enlistment of members Yonghoon and Kanghyun, with their last live-audience stage pre-recorded on July 5, a week prior to Yonghoon's scheduled enlistment. Through the show, Onewe produced and released the song "Hippie (Freedom from MM)" as part of the EP Great Seoul Invasion Section 1.Following their enlistment, on October 4, the group released the single "Still Here", with a music video released the same day. The song was composed and prepared by Yonghoon and Kanghyun for the group, prior to their enlistment. On October 18, they released their third demo album Studio We: Recording #3.

 2023: Gravity, Giuk Solo Debut and XOXO 
On January 28, the band released their first full-length English album Gravity with the lead single of the same name. The song and album were composed and prepared by Yonghoon and Kanghyun for the group, prior to their enlistment.On March 9, RBW announced that Giuk will no longer be going be the stage name CyA and will use his birth name, Giuk, for all official activities going forward.Giuk made his official solo debut on April 20 with his first EP Psycho Xybernetics: Turn Over and the lead single "Time Machine (2020)", preceded by his first solo concert "Prologue: Turn Over" held on April 8 and 9.On August 21, Onewe announced they would be releasing their second special album XOXO on August 29. The album contains two unit songs: "Salty Boy" by members Dongmyeong and Giuk, and "Omnipresent" by members Harin and Giuk.On November 15, Giuk made his solo comeback with his second EP Rise Waves and the lead single "Scratch". In the lead up to the album release, he held a solo concert "Flight1112" held on November 12.

 2024: Military Discharge 
Yonghoon was discharged from the military on January 11, followed by Kanghyun on February 1.

 Members 

 Current (active) 
Yonghoon (용훈) – leader, main vocalistHarin (하린) – drummer
Kanghyun (강현) – guitaristDongmyeong (동명) – keyboardist, vocalist
Giuk (기욱; formerly known as CyA (키아)) – bassist, rapper

 Discography 

 Studio albums 

 Extended plays 

 Single albums 

 Demo albums 

 Singles 

 As lead artist 

 Collaborations 

 Soundtrack appearances 

 Other songs 

 Filmography 

 Television 

 Accolades 

 Listicles 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Onewe at Wikimedia Commons
Facebook

Jefferson nickel
The Jefferson nickel has been the five-cent coin struck by the United States Mint since 1938, when it replaced the Buffalo nickel.  From 1938 until 2004, the copper-nickel coin's obverse featured a profile depiction of Founding Father and third U.S. President Thomas Jefferson by artist Felix Schlag; the obverse design used in 2005 was also in profile, though by Joe Fitzgerald. Since 2006 Jefferson's portrayal, newly designed by Jamie Franki, faces forward. The coin's reverse is still the Schlag original, although in 2004 and 2005 the piece bore commemorative designs.
First struck in 1913, the Buffalo nickel had long been difficult to coin, and after it completed the 25-year term during which it could be replaced only by Congress, the Mint moved quickly to replace it with a new design.  The Mint conducted a design competition, in early 1938, requiring that Jefferson be depicted on the obverse and Jefferson's house Monticello on the reverse.  Schlag won the competition, but was required to submit an entirely new reverse and make other changes before the new piece went into production in October 1938.
As nickel was a strategic war material during World War II, nickels coined from 1942 to 1945 were struck in a copper-silver-manganese alloy which would not require adjustment to vending machines. They bear a large mint mark above the depiction of Monticello on the reverse.  In 2004 and 2005, the nickel saw new designs as part of the Westward Journey nickel series, and since 2006 has borne Schlag's reverse and Franki's obverse.

 Inception 
The design for the Buffalo nickel is well regarded today, and has appeared both on a commemorative silver dollar and a bullion coin.  However, during the time it was struck (1913–1938), it was less well liked, especially by Mint authorities, whose attempts to bring out the full design increased an already high rate of die breakage.  By 1938, it had been struck for 25 years, thus becoming eligible to be replaced by action of the Secretary of the Treasury  rather than by Congress.  The Mint, which is part of the Department of the Treasury,  moved quickly and without public protest to replace the coin.In late January 1938, the Mint announced an open competition for the new nickel design, with the winner to receive a prize of $1,000.  The deadline for submissions was April 15; Mint Director Nellie Tayloe Ross and three sculptors were to be the judges.   Competitors were to place a portrait of Jefferson on the obverse, and a depiction of his house, Monticello, on the reverse.By mid-March, few entries had been received.  This seeming lack of response proved to be misleading, as many artists had planned to enter the contest and submitted designs near the deadline.  On April 20, the judges viewed 390 entries; four days later, Felix Schlag was announced as the winner.  Schlag had been born in Germany and had come to the United States only nine years previously.  Either through a misunderstanding or an oversight, Schlag did not include his initials in the design; they would not be added until 1966.  The bust of Jefferson on the obverse closely resembles his bust by sculptor Jean-Antoine Houdon, which is to be found in Boston's Museum of Fine Arts.In early May, it was reported that the Mint required some changes to Schlag's design prior to coining.  Schlag's original design showed a three-quarters view of Monticello, including a tree.  Officials disliked the lettering Schlag had used, a more modernistic style than that used on the eventual coin. The tree was another source of official displeasure; officials decided it was a palm tree and incorrectly believed Jefferson could not have been growing such a thing.  A formal request for changes was sent to Schlag in late May.  The sculptor was busy with other projects and did not work on the nickel until mid-June.  When he did, he changed the reverse to a plain view, or head-on perspective, of Monticello.  Art historian Cornelius Vermeule described the change:

Official taste eliminated this interesting, even exciting, view, and substituted the mausoleum of Roman profile and blurred forms that masquerades as the building on the finished coin.  On the trial reverse the name "Monticello" seemed scarcely necessary and was therefore, logically, omitted.  On the coin as issued it seems essential lest one think the building portrayed is the vault at Fort Knox, a state archives building, or a public library somewhere.

The designs were submitted to the Commission of Fine Arts for their recommendation in mid-July; the version submitted included the new version of Monticello but may not have included the revised lettering.  The Commission approved the designs.  However, Commission chairman Charles Moore asked that the positions of the mottos on the reverse be switched, with the country name at the top; this was not done.  After the Fine Arts Commission recommendation, the Secretary of the Treasury, Henry Morgenthau, approved the design.On August 21, the Anderson (Indiana) Herald noted:

[T]he Federal Fine Arts Commission ... didn't like the view of Thomas Jefferson's home, Monticello, so they required the artist to do another picture of the front of the house.  They did not like the lettering on the coin.  It wasn't in keeping, but they forgot to say what it wasn't in keeping with ... There is no more reason for imitating the Romans in this respect [by using Roman-style lettering on the coin] than there would be for modeling our automobiles after the chariot of Ben Hur's day.

 Production 

 1938–1945: Early minting; World War II changes 
Production of the Jefferson nickel began at all three mints (Philadelphia, Denver, and San Francisco), on October 3, 1938.  By mid-November, some twelve million had been coined, and they were officially released into circulation on November 15; more than thirty million would be struck in 1938.  According to contemporary accounts, the Jefferson nickel was initially hoarded, and it was not until 1940 that it was commonly seen in circulation.In 1939, the Mint recut the hub for the nickel, sharpening the steps on Monticello, which had been fuzzy in initial strikings.  Since then, a test for whether a nickel is particularly well struck has been whether all six steps appear clearly, with "full step" nickels more collectable.  For specialty collectors this 1939 die change also created two varieties for all three mints and proof strikings that year, the "Reverse of 1938" and the "Reverse of 1940", the latter being more common for Philadelphia, scarcer for the other two mints.  A 1940 proof with the 1938 reverse has also been discovered. 
With the entry of the United States into World War II, nickel became a critical war material, and the Mint sought to reduce its use of the metal.  On March 27, 1942, Congress authorized a nickel made of 50% copper and 50% silver, but gave the Mint the authority to vary the proportions, or add other metals, in the public interest.  The Mint's greatest concern was in finding an alloy which would use no nickel, but still satisfy counterfeit detectors in vending machines.  An alloy of 56% copper, 35% silver and 9% manganese proved suitable, and this alloy began to be coined into nickels from October 1942.  In the hopes of making them easy to sort out and withdraw after the war, the Mint struck all "war nickels" with a large mint mark appearing above Monticello.  The mint mark P for Philadelphia was the first time that mint's mark had appeared on a US coin.  The prewar composition and smaller mint mark (or no mint mark for Philadelphia) were resumed in 1946.  In a 2000 article in The Numismatist, Mark A. Benvenuto suggested that the amount of nickel saved by the switch was not significant to the war effort, but that the war nickel served as a ubiquitous reminder of the sacrifices that needed to be made for victory.Within the war nickel series, collectors recognize two additions, one official, the other counterfeit.  Some 1943-P nickels are overdated.  Here a die for the previous year was reused, allowing a "2" to be visible under the "3".  In addition, a number of 1944 nickels are known without the large "P" mintmark.  These were produced in 1954 by Francis LeRoy Henning, who also made counterfeit nickels with at least four other dates.

 1946–2003: Later production of original designs 
When it became known that the Denver Mint had struck only 2,630,030 nickels in 1950, the coins (catalogued as 1950-D) began to be widely hoarded.  Speculation in them increased in the early 1960s, but prices decreased sharply in 1964. Because they were so widely pulled from circulation, the 1950-D is readily available today.  A number of reverse dies with an S mint mark, intended for the San Francisco Mint, were created in 1955; they were not used as that mint struck no nickels that year and subsequently closed, and the unused dies were sent for use at Denver, where the S mint mark was overpunched with a D.Proof coins, struck at Philadelphia, had been minted for sale to collectors in 1938 and continued through 1942.  In the latter year, proofs were struck in both the regular and "war nickel" compositions, after which they were discontinued.  Sales of proof coins began again in 1950 and continued until 1964, when their striking was discontinued during the coin shortage.  In 1966 a small change was made to the design to add the initials of the designer (FS) to the obverse, underneath Jefferson's portrait.  In commemoration of that change, two proof 1966 nickels with the initials were struck and presented to him.  Special mint sets, of lower quality than proof coins, were struck from 1965 to 1967.  Proof coin sales resumed in 1968, with coins struck at the reopened San Francisco facility.  Coins struck at any mint between 1965 and 1967 lack mint marks. Beginning in 1968, mint marks were again used, but were moved to the lower part of the obverse, to the right of Jefferson's bust.  No nickels were produced in Philadelphia in 1968, 1969 or 1970, and so there are no nickels from these years bearing the P mint mark.  From 1971, no nickels were struck for circulation in San Francisco—the 1971-S was the first nickel struck in proof only since 1878.  In both 1994 and 1997 matte proof nickels, with distinctive grainy surfaces, were struck in small numbers at the Philadelphia mint for inclusion in commemorative coin sets.During the late twentieth century the Mint repeatedly modified the design.  In 1982, the steps were sharpened in that year's redesign.  The 1987 modification saw the sharpening of Jefferson's hair and the details of Monticello—since 1987, well-struck nickels with six full steps on the reverse have been relatively common.  In 1993, Jefferson's hair was again sharpened.

 2003–present: Westward Journey nickel series; redesign of obverse 
In June 2002, Mint officials were interested in redesigning the nickel in honor of the upcoming bicentennial of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.  They contacted the office of Representative Eric Cantor (Republican-Virginia).  Cantor had concerns about moving Monticello, located in his home state, off the nickel, and sponsored legislation which would allow the Mint to strike different designs in 2003, 2004, and 2005, and again depict Monticello beginning in 2006.  The resultant act, the "American 5-Cent Coin Design Continuity Act of 2003", was signed into law on April 23, 2003.  Under its terms, the Treasury Secretary could vary the nickel's designs in honor of the 200th anniversary of the Expedition and of the Louisiana Purchase, but the nickel would again feature Jefferson and Monticello beginning in 2006. Under Cantor's legislation, every future five-cent coin will feature Jefferson and Monticello.
In November 2003, the Mint announced the first two reverse designs, to be struck with Schlag's obverse in 2004. The first, designed by United States Mint sculptor-engraver Norman E. Nemeth, depicts an adaptation of the Indian Peace Medals struck for Jefferson. The second, by Mint sculptor-engraver Alfred Maletsky, depicts a keelboat like that used by the Expedition.
The 2005 nickels presented a new image of the former President, designed by Joe Fitzgerald based on Houdon's bust of Jefferson.  The word "Liberty" was taken from Jefferson's handwritten draft for the Declaration of Independence, though to achieve a capital L, Fitzgerald had to obtain one from other documents written by Jefferson.  The reverse for the first half of the year depicted an American bison, recalling the Buffalo nickel and designed by Jamie Franki.  The reverse for the second half showed a coastline and the words "Ocean in view! O!  The Joy!", from a journal entry by William Clark, co-leader of the Expedition.  Clark had actually written the word as "ocian", but the Mint modernized the spelling.The obverse design for the nickel debuting in 2006 was designed by Franki.  It depicts a forward-facing Jefferson based on an 1800 study by Rembrandt Peale, and includes "Liberty" in Jefferson's script.  According to Acting Mint Director David Lebryk, "The image of a forward-facing Jefferson is a fitting tribute to [his] vision."  The reverse beginning in 2006 was again Schlag's Monticello design, but newly sharpened by Mint engravers.  As Schlag's obverse design, on which his initials were placed in 1966, is no longer used, his initials were placed on the reverse to the right of Monticello.In 2009, a total of only 86,640,000 nickels were struck for circulation.  The figure increased in 2010 to 490,560,000.  The unusually low 2009 figures were caused by a lack of demand for coins in commerce due to poor economic conditions.  In 2020, the coin was struck for the first time at the West Point Mint with mint mark W; these pieces were not released into circulation but were used as premiums in the Mint's annual sets. A proof 2020-W nickel was placed in the clad proof set and a reverse proof 2020-W nickel in the silver proof set. Plans to include an uncirculated 2020-W nickel in the annual uncirculated coin set were abandoned due to the COVID-19 pandemic.The Circulating Collectible Coin Redesign Act of 2020 (Pub. L.Tooltip Public Law (United States) 116–330 (text) (PDF)) was signed by President Donald Trump on January 13, 2021. It provides for, among other things, special one-year designs for the circulating coinage in 2026, including the nickel, for the United States Semiquincentennial (250th anniversary), with one of the designs to depict women.

 See also 
United States nickel mintage figures

 References 

 Bibliography 
Bowers, Q. David (2007). A Guide Book of Buffalo and Jefferson Nickels. Atlanta, Ga.: Whitman Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7948-2008-4.
Lange, David W. (2006). History of the United States Mint and Its Coinage. Atlanta, Ga.: Whitman Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7948-1972-9.
Taxay, Don (1983). The U.S. Mint and Coinage (reprint of 1966 ed.). New York, N.Y.: Sanford J. Durst Numismatic Publications. ISBN 978-0-915262-68-7.
Vermeule, Cornelius (1971). Numismatic Art in America. Cambridge, Mass.: The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-62840-3.

Suresh Singh Rawat
Suresh Singh Rawat (28 March 1980) is an Indian politician and currently serving  Cabinet Minister as Water Resourcesv Department In Government of Rajasthan. & Parliamentary Secretary in Government of Rajasthan. He is 14th, 15th & 16th Member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly representing the Pushkar. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

 Early life 
Suresh Singh Rawat hails from Ajmer of Rajasthan's Muhami region. He has done Bachelor of Arts Honours degree from Maharshi Dayanand Saraswati University.

 Political career 
Since March 2013, he is a Member of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly as BJP MLA from Pushkar He is the Parliamentary secretary, State Minister in Government of RajasthanOn 19 September 2022 he brought a cow to the state assembly to protest about the Lumpy disease. 

 Other works 
He played the role of Raja in Pehredaar Piya Ki in Indian television show at Sony Entertainment Television.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

The Death of the Gods
The Death of the Gods. Julian the Apostate (Russian: Смерть богов. Юлиан Отступник, romanized: Smert bogov. Yulian-Otstupnik) is a novel by Dmitry Merezhkovsky, first published (under the title The Outcast, Russian: Отверженный, romanized: Otverzhenny) in 1895 by Severny Vestnik. Exploring the theme of the 'two truths', those of Christianity and the Paganism, and developing Merezhkovsky's own religious theory of the Third Testament, it became the first in "The Christ and Antichrist" trilogy. The novel made Merezhkovsky a well-known author both in Russia and Western Europe although the initial response to it at home was lukewarm.

 Background 
Merezhkovsky started working upon the novel in the summer of 1890. The process was boosted by the Merezhkovskys' 1892 journey abroad, during which the couple visited Greece and Turkey. Merezhkovsky’s first impressions of Greece were not favourable but everything changed as he found himself facing the sacred hill of Acropolis.

One glance for me was enough to see everything – Acropol, Parthenon, Propylaea and be overwhelmed by the feeling that will stay with me till my dying day. The joy poured into my soul, that of this instant escape from life that Beauty provides us. Pathetic worries over money, the unbearable heat, the tiredness from the journey, the weight of modern day petty skepticism – all this evapourised. Bewildered, almost out of my mind, I was standing there, repeating again and again: My God, what is that? [...] And, as always happened in the most significant, singular moments of my life, I received this impression that all this I've seen and lived through, not by books. I was staring and remembering all those things that were familiar and close to my heart. [...] For the first time in my life I understood what Beauty was. Without any prevailing idea or a wish, neither crying nor rejoicing, I just stood there, feeling very calm.
Upon the return, the couple found themselves in serious financial difficulties. "We literally have nothing to eat and we've pawned our wedding rings," Zinaida Gippius complained in one of her 1894 letters. Dogged by poverty,  Merezhkovsky still managed to finish the novel.

 History 
The Death of the Gods (according to critic Dina Magomedova) was "the first in a long series of Merezhkovsky's books rejected, violated by censors or confiscated by the police." As the novel was finished, none of the Russian magazines wanted to have anything to do with it, according to Gippius. In 1895 Severny Vestnik published it, but not in its original form and under another title, editor Akim Volynsky having subjected the text to severe editing.The one person who took Merezhkovsky's novel seriously, was the Russian  Literary Fund chairman Pyotr Veinberg. He started to invite the young author (now labeled "a decadent" by the press) to his prestigious literary parties and this got things going. "One really should understand the atmosphere of the times to see how cheeky a venture this was. Merging the young writers with the old, Veinberg was making the public more and more tolerant to radical newcomers," Zinaida Gippius later remembered. Veinberg was the first of the old school of the Russian men of literature who fully supported the novel. He organized the public reading of it in his own house and thus helped it gain more support.The novel enjoyed mass popularity and provoked heated debate. Even most ardent detractors (who were denouncing the young author as "a Nietzschean") had to acknowledge the merits of what turned out to be the first Symbolist novel in Russia: the profound knowledge of history and fine, subtle language. This, according to biographer Yuri Zobnin, distinguished it from other Russian historical novels, set in the tradition started by Nikolay Danilevsky.

 The concept 
The novel tells the story of Roman Emperor Julian who during his reign (361–363) was trying to restore the cult of Olympian gods in Rome, resisting the upcoming Christianity. Christianity "in its highest manifestations is presented in the novel as a cult of an absolute virtue, unattainable on Earth which is in denial of all things Earthly," according to scholar Z.G.Mints. Ascetic to the point of being inhuman, early Christians reject reality as such. As the mother of a Christian youth Juventine curses "those servants of the Crucified" who "tear children off their mothers," hate life itself and destroy "things that are great and saintly," the elder Didim replies: a worthy follower of Christ is to learn to "hate their mother and father, wife, children, brothers and sisters, and their very own life too."The author (who sees Christ as "life's sworn enemy") sympathizes with his doomed hero. The advent of Christianity in the novel is presented as "the victory for evil and blind mob," who treat "Julian as not just an Apostate, but Antichrist," according to modern critic and biographer Oleg Mikhaylov. Biographers saw Julian's spiritual quest as something parallel to the ideas Merezhkovsky started to develop in the 1880s–1890s. The Emperor in the novel, acknowledging the "beautiful loftiness of Christian sermon," refuses to accept it, seeing it as a denial of the human sensuality and humanity as such.
One of the novel's main ideas is that man's suffering stems from the conflict between the spirit and the flesh. The author conceded later that his initial philosophical approach was too straightforward and explained the way it changed:As I was embarking upon the trilogy Christ and Antichrist, it seemed to me that there were two truths: Christianity, the truth about Heaven, and Paganism, the truth about Earth. I considered the merging of the two as a way of attaining the higher religious truth. As I was finishing it, I knew already that the union of Christ and Antichrist was blasphemous lie. I understood that both truths, those of heaven and Earth, have been already united in Jesus Christ. But now I am also sure that I had to walk this misguiding path to its very end to finally see the truth.
Nevertheless, as later critics noted, every single one of Merezhkovsky's protagonists starting with Leonardo da Vinci, Peter the Great, Alexander I, were "spiritual twins" of Julian, seeking the harmonious unity of spirit and flesh here on Earth.
Of the novels's Nietzschean tendencies, philosopher Ivan Ilyin later wrote:False things are declared true. True things exposed as false. Could this be dialectics? The norm is perverse, perversion is normal. There is a Christian girl who – out of sheer kindness – gives herself to stableman to be debauched. There is a Christian deacon, the altar priest, who puts on a mascara to look as a whore and enjoys dirty erotic adventures in circus. There is a crucifixion, the body of Christ, the head of an ass. There is a holy martyr who spits into the eyes of his executors, pronouncing unholy oaths. Christians who think only how to slaughter the non-Christians. Christ comes as equal to the pagan god Dionysius [...] Witchcraft here resembles the Christian prayer and a prayer sounds more like casting a magic spell. Is this Art? If it is, then it defies all the laws of art. Is it religion? More like godlessness.

 References 

 External links 
The Death of the Gods. Julian the Apostate. The original Russian text.
 The Death of the Gods public domain audiobook at LibriVox

List of White Pass and Yukon Route locomotives and cars
The White Pass and Yukon Route railroad has had a large variety of locomotives and railroad cars.

 White Pass steam locomotives 
Locomotives with dark grey have been scrapped, while locomotives with light grey have been either put on display, or sold to other railroads.

 White Pass gasoline-mechanical locomotives 
Locomotives with dark grey have been scrapped, while locomotives with light grey have been either put on display, or sold to other railroads.

 White Pass diesel-electric locomotives 
Locomotives with dark grey have been scrapped, while locomotives with light grey have been either put on display, or sold to other railroads.

 White Pass passenger cars 
Cars with dark grey have been scrapped, while cars with light grey have been either put on display, or sold to other railroads.

 Existing White Pass freight train cars 
Cars with dark grey have been scrapped, while cars with light grey have been either put on display, or sold to other railroads.

 1880’s-built White Pass Freight Cars 
Cars with dark grey have been scrapped.

 Existing White Pass work equipment 
cars with light grey have been either put on display, or sold to other railroads.

 Existing White Pass inspection track units 
cars with light grey have been either put on display, or sold to other railroads.

 Former White Pass flatcars now serving as underframes 
cars with light grey have been either put on display, or sold to other railroads.

 Existing White Pass car bodies detached from trucks 
Car bodies with light grey have been either put on display or sold.

 Former White Pass off-rail equipment on display 
Equipment with light grey have been either put on display or sold.

 Origins of White Pass station, passenger car, and preserved boat names 
Aishihik [Cars ##264, 380] is the English adaptation of the Southern Tutchone metaphor a shè yi, which literally means its tail hanging down, and which figuratively refers to the shape of the bay at the north end of Aishihik Lake. Although Aishihik (a shè yi) is the English and Tlingit name for both the lake and the village at the north end of the lake, it is the Southern Tutchone name only for the village. The lake's name in Southern Tutchone had been Man Shӓw [Lake Big].  Aishihik Lake located 28 kilometers north of Alaska Highway Kilometer 1546, via Aishihik Lake Road. Aishihik River located at Alaska Highway Kilometer 1547.5.
Alaska [Mile Post 0 to 20.4] is the English adaptation of the Aleut idiom alaxsx-a, which figuratively refers to mainland Alaska. Literally, it means object to which the action of the sea is directed (alax [sea] + sx-a [object of action]).Alsek [Car #314] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit verb theme aa łsêxh, which means a person habitually rests. It was the name of a Nóogaa (Tlingit) village located on the pre-1891 Upper Alsek River (post-1891 Tatshenshini River), near the mouth of the O'Connor River. Alsek River flows into the Gulf of Alaska.
American Shed [MP 19.2 Station] was named for a snow shed on the American side of White Pass, which existed until the 1980s.  This name distinguished this shed from a snow shed on the Canadian side of White Pass.
Annie Lake [Car #360] was named for Annie Austin (1870–1950), widow of Charles "Dawson Charlie" Henderson (co-discoverer of gold in the Klondike). Lake located 19 kilometers southwest of Robinson, via Annie Lake Road.
Atlin [Car #218 and a Barge] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase áa tlein, which means large lake. Atlin Lake located 96 kilometers south of Alaska Highway Kilometer 1342, via Atlin Road.
Bare Loon Lake [Car 2nd 202] was named for skinny dipping and wailing loons. 1970s Chilkoot Trail hikers sometimes skinny dipped and sometimes heard loons wail at this lake.  This lake provided those hikers their last opportunity to bathe before boarding the train at Bennett.  Un-officially named "Beaver Lake."  This lake is at Chilkoot Trail Kilometer 46.7 and to the west of WP&YR Mile Post 37.
Barry [Mile Post 36.0 Station] was named for Donald E. Barry (1944-2000), WP&YR conductor.  Station renamed to Vista in 2007 or 2008.
"Beaver Lake" [Car #388] is the un-official name for Bare Loon Lake, which is at Chilkoot Trail Kilometer 46.7 and to the west of WP&YR Mile Post 37.  There are at least 14 other "Beaver Lake"s in British Columbia.
Bennett [Mile Post 40.6 Station] and Bennett Lake [Car #240] were named for James Gordon Bennett, Jr. (1841–1918), son of the founder of the New York Herald.  The lake was originally one of at least four lakes which had borne the Tlingit name kusawa [narrow lake].  Bennett also located at Chilkoot Trail Kilometer 53.1.
Bernard Lake [Car 2nd 209] was named for James Bernard "Ben" Moore (1865-1919), who helped establish the White Pass Trail.  Un-officially named "Fraser Lake."  Lake located at Mile Post 27.7 and at Klondike Highway Kilometer 36.5, adjacent to the Fraser station.
Big Kalzas Lake [Car 2nd 230] was named for Kalzas (fl. 1859), a Northern Tutchone employee of the Hudson's Bay Co.Big Salmon Lake [Cars ##276, 352] was named for the Big Salmon River, which flows through the lake. Big Salmon River took its name from its Tagish, Tlingit, and Northern Tutchone names, which translate to water in which there is large chinook (king) salmon.  Big Salmon Lake is 9 kilometers downstream from the river’s headwaters at Quiet Lake.  Quiet Lake is at South Canol Road Kilometer 98.5.
Black Cross Rock [Mile Post 10.4 Station] is a large fallen rock with grave marker, which commemorates two construction workers who were accidentally crushed and buried by this rock on August 10, 1898. This accident occurred during blasting operations. One of the workers was Maurice Dunn (1861-1898), who had lived in Michigan and California. The other worker is "supposed to be", "A. Jeneaux," but there is little corroboration for that latter name.Black Lake [Car #216] was named for the lake's dark appearance, which is caused by the presence of tannic acid and by the lake's not being fed by glacial runoff. Lake located on the Klondike Highway between Mile 4 and Mile 5.
Boulder [Mile Post 4.5 Station] was named for boulders located in the Skagway River at this location.British Columbia [MP 20.4 to MP 52.6] was indirectly named for Christopher Columbus (1451-1506), by way of five iterations.  Christopher Columbus was the eponym for the name Columbia, a reference to the New World.  Columbia was the eponym for the Columbia Rediviva [Columbia Revived], a privately-owned ship built as Columbia in 1773, and rebuilt in 1787 [thereby, “Revived”].  The Columbia Rediviva was the eponym for the Columbia River, into which that ship entered in 1792.  The Columbia River was the eponym for the Columbia District, a fur trading district named in 1810.  Finally, the Columbia District was the eponym for British Columbia, which was the portion of the Columbia District that lay in Canada and was named in 1858.
Canyon [former Mile Post 106.0 Station] is named for Miles Canyon, to which it is adjacent. Miles canyon is named for Lt. Gen. Nelson A. Miles, who sent 1Lt. Frederick G. Schwatka on his journey along the Yukon River in 1883.Carcross [Mile Post 67.5 Station] was shortened from Caribou Crossing to Carcross in 1904, because of frequent confusion in mail services. Named Caribou Crossing from 1900 to 1904.  Prior to 1900, the name Caribou Crossing had applied to where most caribou actually crossed – the narrows at Ten Mile Point, which is located three miles east of present-day Carcross, and which divides Nares Lake from Tagish Lake. The Tagish name for these narrows was Médzíh É’oł [Caribou are Swimming], and the Tlingit name for these narrows was Watsíx Naakwaaní Yé [Caribou Swimming Route]. The name Caribou Crossing was moved from Ten Mile Point to present-day Carcross in 1900, when the railroad arrived and appropriated the name. Prior to 1900, present-day Carcross had been  Upper Caribou Crossing. The Tagish name for Upper Caribou Crossing (present-day Carcross) had been Todezáané [Sand Always Blowing]. The Tlingit name for Upper Caribou Crossing had been Naadaashaa Héeni [“Stream Flowing from the Mountain,” referring to present-day Tincup Creek, at WP&YR Mile Post 66.1].  Carcross also located at Klondike Highway Kilometer 105.6.
Carr-Glynn [former Copper Branch station, 5.2 rail miles from MacRae] was named for Sir Sidney Carr Glynn (1835-1916), first chairman of the WP&YR. Site located at the south end of Carr-Glynn Lake, 12 kilometers south of Alaska Highway Kilometer 1428.3: three kilometers via Fish Lake Road, plus 9 kilometers via Copper Haul Road.
Chilkat [Car 2nd 205] is the English adaptation of a Tlingit name of unknown origin, but it looks like it was an abbreviation of a phrase which means river that brings the storehouse(s) sockeye salmon. In 1882, the Chilkat River’s name was reported to be "Tschilkat-hīn," or Chíl [storehouse] Gaat [sockeye salmon] Héen [river].  Standing alone, Chíl Gaat Héen is not a complete phrase, because it contains only three alienable nouns that are not grammatically linked.  In addition, Chíl Gaat Héen does not appear to be an Eyak loanword, because the Eyak language was too far away, and héen is not an Eyak word. The simplest way to link the nouns, and to complete a phrase, would have been to add a verb at the end. (The constituent word order of a Tlingit clause is: indirect object, then direct object, then subject, followed by the verb.)  The verb that makes the most sense in this context is yaa na-ø-tee-n [brings].  Thus, the most likely complete phrase would have been chíl-de gaat héen yaa na-tee-n, which means river that brings the storehouse(s) sockeye salmon. Indeed, that reconstructed phrase accurately describes the Chilkat River.  Moreover, that phrase would explain why "Chilkat" had not been the Tlingit name for Chilkat Lake. Chilkat Lake’s Tlingit name had been Áa Ká [Surface of the Lake].  The name Chilkat was officially assigned to the lake in 1880 by the U.S. Navy. Chilkat River extends sinuously between Haines Highway Miles 4.3 and 23.8. Chilkat Lake located six miles south of Haines Highway Mile 26.2, four miles via the Chilkat Lake Road, and two miles via shallow rivers (on jetboat or snowmobile).
Chilkoot [Car 2nd 204] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase chál-góot, which means without a storehouse. This name was a reference to the Chilkoot Indians' having stored fish packed in snow between alder or willow branches, instead of in storehouses.  Chilkoot Lake located 10 miles north of Haines: 9 miles via Lutak Road and 1 mile via Chilkoot Lake Road.
Chilkoot Trail is a partial translation of the trail’s Tlingit name, namely Chilkoot Dei-yi \dā•yee\, which means Chilkoot-owned Trail. The trail’s English name omits the reference to ownership.  The trail extends 33.0 miles/53.1 kilometers, from Dyea Road Mile 7.2 to Bennett Station.  The second word of Chilkoot Dei-yi sounds like the original pronunciation of the name of Dyea village (the English adaptation = \dī•yee\ – note that Tlingit did not have the English long ī sound). Prior publications state that the name Dyea is the English adaptation of the words for “to pack” [yaa] or “carrying place” [yaa yé].  However, the presence of the initial \d\ sound in Dyea casts doubt on those latter possibilities, and suggests that the first syllable was in fact dei (as in dei-yi). Use of the name Dyea for its present location first occurred in 1886, when John J. Healy (1840-1908) and Edgar Wilson (1842-1895) opened a trading post there.  This structure burned down in 1920.  Its site, about 0.6 mile south of the Taiya River bridge, is now near a campground parking lot.  (Note the distinction between the Tlingit possessed noun Dei-yi [Owned Trail], and the Tlingit phrase Dei Yé [Way to the Trail]. This distinction is reflected in the difference between the English names Dyea and Taiya (inlet name, river name). See, Taiya, below.)
Choutla [Car #366] was the English adaptation of the Southern Tutchone idiom chu dläw, which figuratively refers to the waterfalls that feed Choutla Lake. Literally, it means laughing water.  This name was coined in 1911 by Bishop Isaac O Stringer as the name for a nearby school.  Choutla Lake located six kilometers east of Klondike Highway Kilometer 65.7, via Tagish Road.
Clifton [Mile Post 8.5 Station] was named for the rock ledge overhanging the tracks at this location.Combo [Car #211] is an abbreviation for combined passenger and baggage car.
Copper River [Car #304] was named for abundant copper deposits along the upper river. River flows along portions of the Glenn Highway, Richardson Highway, Edgerton Highway, and Copper River Highway.
Cougar Lake [Car #506] was the name of Cowley Lake until sometime between 1941 & 1947. Lake located at former Mile Post 94.7.
Cowley [former Mile Post 95.1 Station] and Cowley Lake [Car #234] were named for Isaac Cowley Lambert (1850–1909), chairman of the construction company which built the WP&YR railroad.  Lake named Cougar Lake until sometime between 1941 & 1947.  Cowley Station access road at Klondike Highway kilometer 148.1.  Cowley Lake located at former Mile Post 94.7.
Crag Lake [Car #362] was named for the crag which overlooks the lake. Lake located 13 kilometers east of Klondike Highway Kilometer 65.7, via Tagish Road.
Crater Lake [Car 3rd 201] was named for the lake's crater-like appearance. Lake extends between Chilkoot Trail Kilometers 26 and 28.De Wette [former Mile Post 84.0 Station] was named for Auguste C. R. de Wette (1845-1912), banker and early shareholder of the WP&YR.  Station had been named Wette Lea until 1901.
Dease Lake [Cars ##280, 503] was named for Peter Warren Dease (1788–1863), chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Co.  Lake located 226 kilometers south of Alaska Highway Kilometer 1002, via Cassiar Highway.
Denver [Mile Post 5.9 Station] was named in 1904 for the four-mile distant Denver Glacier.  Until that year, the station had been named Viaduct.  The Denver Glacier had been named in 1899 or 1900 for Denver, Colorado, by two former Denver residents, WP&YR civil engineer Alfred Williams and company photographer Harry C. Barley.Dewey Lake [Car #220] most likely named for Adm. George Dewey (1837–1917), U.S. Navy.  Lake located 1⁄2 mile east of Skagway, via steep hiking trail.
Dezadeash [Car #254] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase dáas’aa kayáash, which means snare platforms (for fishing).  Dezadeash Lake extends between Haines Highway kilometers 193 and 210.
Divide [Mile Post 21.1 Station] is the loop track switch, just north of White Pass. May have been named for the drainage divide between the Skagway River and Yukon River drainage basins, the actual divide being about a mile south of this point.
Drury Lake [Car #336] was named for William S. Drury (1870–1953) of Taylor & Drury, Yukon merchants.Dugdale [former Mile Post 99.9 Station] was named for James Dugdale (1842-1903), an early White Pass shareholder. Dugdale not to be confused with Dundalk, below.
Dundalk [Mile Post 56.3 Station] most likely named by Michael J. Heney for the port city 57 miles east of Killeshandra, Ireland. Heney's parents had emigrated from Killeshandra to Canada in 1854, probably via Dundalk. The parents were Thomas Heney (1832-1892) and Mary Ann (McCourt) Heney (1834-1911). Dundalk not to be confused with Dugdale, above.
Ear Lake [former Mile Post 107.2 Station] was named for the shape of the adjacent lake.Emerald Lake [Cars ##244, 254, 501] was named for the blue and green light from the surrounding trees that is reflected by the lake's marl bed. Lake located at Klondike Highway kilometer 117.6.
Fairweather Lake [Cars ##278, 356] most likely named for the lake at Cape Fairweather, one mile from the Gulf of Alaska and at the foot of Fairweather Glacier.  The Cape had been named Fairweather by Capt. James Cook for the good weather he had encountered there in 1778.      The glacier and lake subsequently took their names from the cape.  (There is a less likely Fairweather Lake at a remote location in eastern Yukon.)
Fantail Lake [Car 2nd 203] was named for the fantail hitch, which is a dogsled hitch in which there is a separate tug line connecting each dog to the sled. The dogs are thereby fanned out in front of the sled. Also known as a fan hitch.  The fantail hitch is less common than the gangline (or tandem) hitch, in which a common tug line runs between two tandems of dogs, and each dog is connected to that common tug line. The ice on Fantail Lake constituted part of the Fantail Trail, the winter dogsled trail that extended between Log Cabin and Atlin, British Columbia. The lake extends from 20 to 29 miles east of Log Cabin, via the trail.
Finlayson Lake [Car #340] was named for Duncan Finlayson (1796–1862), chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Co.  Lake located 231 kilometers north of Alaska Highway Kilometer 980, via Campbell Highway.
Fortymile River [Car #322] was so named because it joins the Yukon River 40 miles below (west-northwest of) Old Fort Reliance. Fortymile River located 48 kilometers north of Top of the World Highway Kilometer 59.2, via Clinton Creek Road.
Fox Lake [Car #390] is presumably named for the red fox, which is found throughout the Yukon.  Lake received the name Fox by 1940, when a landing field was built near the lake's location, but before a highway was there. The lake's previous Southern Tutchone name had been Kwätan'aya Mân [Going-Into-the-Bush Lake]. The lake now extends between Klondike Highway kilometers 238 and 248.
Foy [Mile Post 11.4 Station] was named for Hugh Foy (1842-1899), White Pass Superintendent of Construction.Frances Lake [Car #364] was named for Lady Frances Simpson (1812–1853), wife of Hudson's Bay Co. governor, George Simpson. Lake located 171 kilometers north of Alaska Highway Kilometer 980, via Campbell Highway.
Fraser [Mile Post 27.7 Station] was named for Duncan C. Fraser (1845-1910), a Member of Parliament from Nova Scotia. Fraser also located at Klondike Highway kilometer 36.5.
"Fraser Lake" [Cars 1st 200, #226] is the unofficial name for Bernard Lake.  Lake located at Mile Post 27.7 and at Klondike Highway kilometer 36.5, adjacent to the Fraser station. A larger and more famous lake in British Columbia is officially named Fraser Lake.
Gateway [Mile Post 23.5 Station] was probably named for the WP&YR slogan "Gateway to the Yukon," and for the fact that this location has the highest elevation on entire White Pass railroad, at 2940 feet.
Glacier [Mile Post 14.1 Station] was named for groundwater seepage and freezing at this location.  In the early 1900s, this phenomenon was also referred to as a glacier.Goat Lake [Car #386] is named for the high concentration of mountain goats in the area. Lake is 1921 feet above, and supplies the water for, Pitchfork Falls at Mile Post 9.5.Gravel Pit [Mile Post 55.6 Station] was named for an adjacent gravel pit.Graves [Mile Post 49.3 Station] and Samuel H. Graves [Car #402] were named for Samuel H. Graves (1852-1911), the first president of WP&YR. In 1885, Graves had become an associate of Close Brothers, the firm that later financed the WP&YR. Graves station renamed to Scheffler in 2016.
Guardrail Curve [Mile Post 43.6 Station] was named for the 24° curve, sharpest on the railroad, which until the 1970s, had a third, safety rail – a.k.a., a guardrail.Gulch [Mile Post 18.3 Station] was named for the confluence of Dead Horse Gulch and Switchback Gulch.  See, Skagway River Branches, below.
Hannan [former Mile Post 17.6 Snow Shed] was named for Kenneth B. Hannan (1889-1976), White Pass General Manager in 1949, when the snow shed was erected. Shed removed in 1992. Site renamed to Hawkins in 2019.
Hawkins [Mile Post 17.6 Station] was named for Erastus C. Hawkins (1860-1912), chief engineer for construction of the White Pass railway. The two flatcars near the bottom of the hillside at this location are former WP&YR ##483 and 1015, carried down in a 1977 snowslide. Site named Hannan until 2019.
Heney [former Mile Post 12.3 Station] and Michael J. Heney [Car #401] were named for Michael J. Heney (1864-1910), the labor contractor who built the WP&YR railroad. Heney station was eliminated in 2019.
Homan Lake [Car 2nd 208] was named for Charles A. Homan (1847–1918), U.S. Army topographer who accompanied 1Lt. Frederick G. Schwatka along the Yukon River in 1883.Hutshi [Car #358] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase hóoch’ áayi, which means last lake. Hutshi Lake was so named because it was the northern-most lake on three Chilkat trade routes, the Neskatahin Trail [Neskatahin Dei-yi], the Goat Creek Trail [X’wáat’heeni Dei-yi], and the East Chilkat Trail [Chilkat Dei-yi].  Hutshi Lake located 48 kilometers north of Champagne (Alaska Highway Kilometer 1513), via the Neskatahin Trail.
Inspiration Point [Mile Post 16.9 Station] was named for the vista seen from this location.Jennings Lake [Car #374] was named for William T. Jennings (1846–1906), civil engineer who assessed various railroad and road routes to the Yukon.Johns Lake [Car #332] was named for Johnnie Johns (1898-1988), Carcross-based outfitter and guide.Kathleen Lake [Car #270] was named for a girl in Berwickshire County, Scotland, left behind by William "Scotty" Hume (1868–1952), a North-West Mounted Police constable (Reg. #2259) stationed on the Dalton Trail from 1898 to 1903. Lake located 2⁄3 kilometer west of Haines Highway Kilometer 219.7, via Kathleen Lake Turnoff.
Keno [Steam-Stern Wheel Boat] was ultimately derived from a French term which means five winning numbers; a game of chance.  The boat was immediately named for the Keno (silver) claim, staked in 1919 by Alfred Kirk Schellinger. Keno claim located 110 kilometers east of Klondike Highway Kilometer 535, via Silver Trail.
Klehini [likely candidate for a car name] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase l’éiw héeni, which means gravel river. Gravel is abundant in the Klehini River and Valley. Furthermore, the water in the Klehini is clear enough, so as to eliminate l’éiw from meaning sand or silt.  River extends sinuously between Haines Highway Mile 23.8 and Kilometer 87 (corresponding to Mile 50).
Klondike [Car #308 and Steam-Stern Wheel Boat] is the English adaptation of the Hän idiom Tr'o Ndek, which figuratively means Hammer River. Literally, it means Chinook (King) Salmon River. The reason for the figurative meaning is that hammers had been used to erect barriers in the Klondike River, in order to catch the Chinook salmon.  Klondike River extends sinuously between Klondike Highway kilometers 664 and 715.
Kluahne [Car #504] was an early spelling of Kluane.
Kluane [Car #258] is the English adaptation of the hybrid phrase lhù aani, which means whitefish place.  It was derived from the Southern Tutchone word for whitefish, plus the Tlingit word for place in which there are.  Kluane Lake extends between Alaska Highway kilometers 1642 and 1701.
Klukshu [Cars ##282, 348] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase l’ook shù, which means end of coho salmon.  Klukshu Lake located 2⁄3 kilometer east of Haines Highway Kilometer 183.2, via Klukshu Turnoff.
Kusawa [Car #286] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase ká-woo-sáa-oo áa, which means narrow lake.  Because retreating glaciers often leave long and narrow lakes, there are at least four lakes which had borne this Tlingit name, including Kusawa Lake, Yukon, for which the coach is named. Kusawa Lake, Yukon, located 24 kilometers south of Alaska Highway kilometer 1489.1, via Kusawa Lake Road.
LaBerge Lake [Car #256] was named for Michael Laberge (1837-1909), a Yukon River explorer who never actually saw the lake named for him. Lake located 3 kilometers east of Klondike Highway Kilometer 225, via Deep Creek Road.
Lansdowne [former Mile Post 74.9 Station] was named for Henry C. K. P. Fitz-Maurice, 5th Marquess of Lansdowne (1845-1927), Governor-General of Canada, 1883-1888.Laughton Glacier Moraine [2½ miles southeast of Mile Post 15] can be seen in the distance from near Mile Post 15, looking southeast.  It appears as a gray area against green surroundings.  The glacier itself once extended onto this moraine.  The glacier had been named for Maj. Gen. Henry W. Lawton (1843-1899), who was killed in the Philippine–American War.  "LeBarge Lake" [Car #256] is a misspelling of Laberge Lake."Lewes Lake" [Car #268] misspells the surname of Alfred B. Lewis (1866-1928), chief locating engineer of the WP&YR, for whom the lake was named. Lake located at former Mile Post 83.
Liard [Car #316] is the French word for eastern cottonwood.  Liard River extends sinuously between Alaska Highway kilometers 761 and 991.
Lindeman Lake [Car #222] was named for Dr. Moritz K. A. Lindeman (1823–1908), secretary to the Bremen Geographical Society. Lake extends between Chilkoot Trail kilometers 41 and 52.
Log Cabin [Mile Post 33.0 Station] was named for a structure which had been erected by the Tagish Indians. The name "Log Cabin," and an actual log cabin, predated any Canadian government structure at this location.Lorne [former Mile Post 79.4 Station] was named for John D. S. Campbell, Marquess of Lorne (1845-1914), Governor-General of Canada, 1878-1883.Lynx Lake [Car #501] has an unknown eponym. Possibly, a fantasy name.
Mackenzie River [Car #310] was named for Sir Alexander Mackenzie (1764–1820), Arctic explorer. River located 607 kilometers north of Klondike Highway Kilometer 675, via Dempster Highway.
MacRae [former Mile Post 104.0 Station] was named for Charles Colin MacRae (1843-1922), an early White Pass shareholder. MacRae also located at Alaska Highway kilometer 1413.1.
Marsh Lake [Car #224] was named for Prof. Othniel C. Marsh (1831–1899), of Yale University. The Tagish name for Marsh Lake had been Taa-gish Áayi [lake consisting of breakup water]. Lake extends between Alaska Highway kilometers 1367 and 1379.
Mayo Lake [Car #236] was named for Alfred H. Mayo (1846–1923), a Yukon trader. Lake located 95 kilometers east of Klondike Highway Kilometer 535, via Silver Trail.
McClintock Lake [Cars ##288, 350] was named for Adm. Sir Francis L. McClintock (1819–1907), an Arctic explorer.McConnell Lake [Car #372] was named for Charles McConnell (1871–1946), postmaster at Robinson. Lake located 3 kilometers west of Robinson, via Annie Lake Road.
McDonald Creek [Mile Post 62.9 Station] had been named for a person who allegedly staked a claim at this location in 1899. Twenty-one subsequent claims were filed for this same creek in the same year. No gold was found here.  Apparently, a hoax.McNeil Lake [Car #342] is named for the McNeil River, which flows through the lake. McNeil River was named in 1951.  It looks like the river was named for James H. McNeil (1871-1951), Yukon Superintendent of Public Roads and Buildings, 1917-1945.  He had been the most prominent Yukon official associated with construction of the Alaska Highway. In 1940, he was appointed to the U.S.-Canada Permanent Joint Board on Defense, relating to the then-proposed Alaska Highway. The river's previous Tlingit name had been Kéidladi Héeni [Seagull River]. The head of the McNeil River is 12 miles upstream from the lake, and is technically the "source" of the Yukon River. The source of a river is the most distant point upstream from the mouth of the river, regardless of assigned name.McQuesten Lake [Car #338] was named for LeRoy N. "Jack" McQuesten (1836–1909), Yukon trader. Lake located 15 kilometers north of Silver Trail Kilometer 63, via a side road.
Meadows [Mile Post 25.4 Station] was named for the meadows along the Tutshi River (a.k.a. "Thompson River") at this location. Presumably, the 1899 stable at the south (uphill) end of the Thompson River meadows was so located so that horses could feed on the grass of these meadows.
Minto [former Mile Post 81.6 Station] was named for Gilbert J. Elliott-Murray-Kynynmound, 4th Earl of Minto (1845-1914), Governor-General of Canada, 1898-1904.Moose Lake [Car #504] is the name of multiple lakes in the Yukon and northwest British Columbia. All apparently named for the animal. The most prominent such lake is at Alaska Highway Kilometer 1828.5, across the road from an archeological site.
Morrow Lake [Car 2nd 207] was named for William Richard Morrow (1915–1968), Yukon corrections director, who proposed that convicts maintain the Chilkoot Trail. Lake located at Chilkoot Trail kilometer 30.7.
Muncho [Car #252] is the English adaptation of the Kaska phrase men cho, which means big lake.  Muncho Lake extends between Alaska Highway kilometers 698.5 and 710.
Munroe Lake [Car #344] was named for Alexander Munro (1857-1909), boundary survey axe man who broke his leg near this lake in 1901.Nakina [Car #382] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit village name Naak'i Naa .áa, which means People Sitting Upstream.Nares Lake [Car 2nd 206] was named for Adm. Sir George S. Nares (1831–1915), an Arctic explorer. Lake located at Klondike Highway kilometer 105.2
Neecheah [Diesel-Screw Propeller Boat] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase neech yeil’, which means calm shoreline. This name looks like a Tlingit language description of the Yukon River just downstream of Whitehorse Rapids, which would have been correct, but does not pre-date 1900.  Prior to October 1899, Whitehorse itself had not existed, and there had been no reason for the Indians to give its future location a name. Neecheah [Neech Yeil’] appears to be a short Tlingit language description of Whitehorse that was created in 1922 to name the boat.Neskatahin [likely candidate for a car name] is a contraction of the Tlingit phrase Nás’k Áa Tayee Héen, which means River Below Three Lakes.   This name refers to a village once located at a bend in the present-day Tatshenshini River, which is about 500 feet below, and about 3+1⁄2 miles from, three nearby lakes – now known as Pringle Lake, Stella Lake, and Neskatahin Lake.  These three lakes lie on plateaus which overlook the river bend.  Neskatahin was also 114 miles from Haines, via the Neskatahin Trail [Neskatahin Dei-yi].
Nisutlin [Car #272] was a loanword used by the Tagish Indians. Its origin had been neither Tagish nor Tlingit. (The original Tlingit name for the Nisutlin River had been Héen Tlein [Big River].) The name Nisutlin was borrowed from a Southern Tutchone phrase which means strong flow. Nisutlin Bay located at Alaska Highway kilometer 1243.
Norcom [Steam-Stern Wheel Boat] was named for the Northern Commercial Co., an affiliate of the Northern Navigation Co."Norse River" [Car #306] was a misspelling of Nourse River, which had been named for Prof. Joseph E. Nourse (1819-1889), U.S. Navy. River mouth located at Chilkoot Trail Mile 7.2.
Octopus Lake [Car #507] is a metaphoric name, which refers to the lake’s "many arms." Sounds like the translation from a Tlingit metaphoric name. Octopus Lake is just east of Summit Lake at White Pass. Its surface elevation is 15 feet above Summit Lake's.  Octopus Lake extends between Mile Post 21.2 (Divide) and Mile Post 22.5.Partridge Lake [Car #505] was named for Otto H. “Swampy” Partridge (1855-1930), who constructed three small steamboats near this lake in 1898 (Flora, Ora, and Nora).Pavey [Mile Post 46.4 Station] was named for Francis Pavy (1837-1902), an associate of Charles Colin MacRae, both investors in the WP&YR.
Peace River [Car #330] was named for the peace treaty made in 1781 along the shores of this river, near its mouth (near Peace Point, Alberta). This treaty settled a territorial war between the Cree and Dane-zaa (Beaver) Indians. River located at Alaska Highway kilometer 55.4.
Peel River [Car #326] was named for Sir Robert Peel (1788–1850), prime minister of Great Britain. River located 539 kilometers north of Klondike Highway Kilometer 675, via Dempster Highway.
Pelly Lake [Car #346] was named for Sir John H. Pelly (1777–1852), governor of the Hudson's Bay Co.Pelly River [Car #320] was named for Sir John H. Pelly (1777–1852), governor of the Hudson's Bay Co. River located at Klondike Highway kilometer 463.6.
Pennington [Mile Post 51.6 Station] was named for Frederick Pennington (1819-1914), an early shareholder of the WP&YR.Pit [Mile Post 55.6 Station]. See, Gravel Pit, above.
Porcupine River [Car #324] is presumably named for the North American porcupine, which is found in the region. River received the name Porcupine by 1898. River located at Klondike Highway Mile 6, and across the Skagway River from WP&YR Mile Post 7.3.
"Portage Lake" [Car #267] is the un-official name for the lake at WP&YR Mile Post 30.5, just north (downstream) of Shallow Lake and just south (uphill) of Maud Lake.  Originally, Áak'u Sáani (Little Lakes in Tlingit).  Then, un-officially "Shallow Lake," until 1899, when Shallow became the official name for the lake just to the south (upstream). Lake also located at Klondike Highway kilometer 41.1.
Primrose Lake [Car #274] was named for Supt. Philip C. H. Primrose (1864–1937), North-West Mounted Police (Reg. #O.56).Ptarmigan Point [Mile Post 29.9 Station] was named for the Alaska state bird. (Or, co-state bird, if you count the mosquito. 😁) Ptarmigan is the English adaptation of the Scottish Gaelic tārmachan. The "p" was added in 1684 to make the word appear to be Greek!! 😁 😁
Pueblo [former Copper Branch terminal, 11.0 rail miles from MacRae] was so named by Hibbard E. Porter (1860-1916), who staked a copper claim at this site in 1899. Site located at intersection of Fish Lake Road and Copper Haul Road, 3 kilometers southwest of Alaska Highway kilometer 1428.3, via Fish Lake Road.
Racine Lake [Car #384] was named for Cariste Racine (1851-1926), owner of a sawmill on Tagish Lake, and owner of the White Pass Hotel in Whitehorse.
Rapid Spur [former Mile Post 109.0 Station] was named for the adjacent White Horse Rapids. On March 27, 1900, ten weeks before the railroad reached this point, Mr. Cornelius Curtin (1855-1900) had died of pneumonia at White Horse Rapids. His attending physician had been Dr. Leonard S. E. Sugden.  Dr. Sugden then transported Mr. Curtin's body to Tagish, where he cremated it in the firebox of the steamer Olive May. Dr. Sugden's subsequent recount of this peculiar event to Robert W. Service led to the fanciful poem The Cremation of Sam McGee.
Red Line [Car #5] was named for the stage and boat line which operated between White Pass, British Columbia, and Carcross, Yukon, from 1898 to 1901.Robinson [former Mile Post 88.9 Station] was named for William C. "Stikine Bill" Robinson (1857-1926), general foreman of construction of the White Pass railroad. Robinson also located at Klondike Highway kilometer 139.6.
Rocky Point [Mile Post 6.9 Station] was named for the large rock outcropping at this location, through which the railroad cut had been made.Scheffler [Mile Post 49.3 Station] was named for Willi Scheffler, White Pass Roadmaster. Station was named Graves until 2016.
Schwatka Lake [Car #266] was named for 1Lt. Frederick G. Schwatka (1849–1892), 3rd U.S. Cavalry, Yukon explorer. In 1876, Lt. Schwatka had led the initial cavalry charge at the Battle of Slim Buttes. Schwatka Lake was created by a dam in 1958 and is located at former Mile Post 107.7.
Sibilla [Gasoline-Screw Propeller Boat] had been the name of the yacht on which the financier of the White Pass, namely William B. Close, spent much of his youth.Skagway [Mile Post 0.0 Station] and Skagway River [Car #300] is the English adaptation of sha-ka-ԍéi, a Tlingit idiom which figuratively refers to rough seas in the Taiya Inlet, that are caused by strong north winds.  Literally, skagway is a gerund which means pretty woman.  The story behind the name is that Skagway [“Pretty Woman”] was the nickname of Kanagoo, a mythical woman who transformed herself into stone at Skagway bay and who (according to the story) now causes the strong, channeled winds which blow toward Haines, Alaska. The rough seas caused by these winds have therefore been referred to by using Kanagoo's nickname, Skagway. The Kanagoo stone formation is now known as Face Mountain, which is seen from Skagway bay. The Tlingit name for Face Mountain is Kanagoo Yahaayí [Kanagoo's Image/Soul].  [Notes: The word which literally means rough seas is jiwsitaan.  The phrase which means home of the north wind is xóon neili.] (North winds prevail at Skagway from November to March. South winds prevail from April to October.) Skagway also located at Klondike Highway Mile 0. Skagway River bridges at Klondike Highway Mile 1.8 and WP&YR Mile Post 14.2.
Skagway River Branches:

East Fork: The East Fork branches off the Skagway River, opposite WP&YR Mile Post 4.8. From there, the railroad follows the East Fork to Mile Post 5.8, where it makes a U-turn, crosses the East Fork, and loops back to follow the main river.
White Pass Fork: The Skagway River turns to the east, and White Pass Fork branches off to the north, opposite WP&YR Mile Post 12. From there, the railroad follows the Skagway River to Mile Post 14.2, where it makes a U-turn, crosses the Skagway River, and loops back to follow White Pass Fork.
Switchback Gulch: Switchback Gulch branches to the northeast, and Dead Horse Gulch branches to the north, opposite WP&YR Mile Post 18. From there, the railroad follows Switchback Gulch to Mile Post 18.6, where it makes a left turn and crosses Switchback Gulch.
Dead Horse Gulch: After crossing Switchback Gulch, the railroad goes through a tunnel which comes out at WP&YR Mile Post 18.8, along Dead Horse Gulch. From there, the railroad follows Dead Horse Gulch to its head at Pump House Lake, at Mile Post 20.Slippery Rock [MP 15.6 Station] was named for the 50° to 60° rock slope adjacent to the track, from which snow and ice slide onto the tracks during the winter and spring.Spirit Lake [Car #214] was named for the spirit of the Yukon, by U.S. Army troops during construction of the Alaska Highway in 1942. Lake located at Klondike Highway kilometer 116.
Squanga [Car #376] is the English adaptation of dasgwaanga, the Tagish and Tlingit name for "humpback" or lake whitefish. Ironically, Squanga Lake also contains whitefish now known as "Squanga whitefish," which are a different species from the lake [humpback] whitefish which gave this lake its name. Squanga Lake located at Alaska Highway kilometer 1315.9.
Stewart River [Car #328] was named for James G. Stewart (1825–1881), who discovered this river in 1849. River extends sinuously between Klondike Highway kilometers 535 and 594.
Stikine [Car #306] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit idiom sh táax’ héen, which figuratively refers to whirlpools and eddies found in the Stikine River. Literally, it means river water biting itself.  River located 286 kilometers south of Alaska Highway Kilometer 1002, via Cassiar Highway.
Summit Lake [Cars 2nd 200, #262] was named for the White Pass summit.  Lake located at Mile Post 21, just north of the White Pass summit.Surprise Lake [Car #370] so named in 1898 by prospectors Kenneth C. McLaren and Frederick "Fritz" Miller.  Previously, it had been one of at least four lakes which had borne the Tlingit name kusawa [narrow lake]. Surprise Lake located 18 kilometers east of Atlin, via Surprise Lake Road.
Switchback [former Mile Post 18.7 station] was named for the railroad switchback on the original, 1898-1901 alignment across Switchback Gulch (see, Skagway River Branches, above). The original alignment also included the first Bridge 18-A on the lower switchback leg, and Bridge 18-B crossing the Gulch on the upper switchback leg, both bridges being close to the switchback switch. From 1901 to 1969, the second Bridge 18-A ("Steel Bridge") crossed Switchback Gulch at Mile Post 18.3 and bypassed both legs and bridges of the original switchback. Since 1969, most of the south leg of the original switchback, plus the third Bridge 18-A across Switchback Gulch (at Mile Post 18.6), plus a tunnel have, in turn, bypassed the second Bridge 18-A.Tagish [Car #248] is the English adaptation of the Tagish phrase taa-gish, which means breakup of ice. This name refers to the sound that the Tagish River ice makes during spring breakup.  The Tagish Indians adopted this name to identify themselves because, prior to 1898, they spent their winters along the Tagish River.  The Tagish name for present-day Tagish Lake was Taku because the lake provided access to the Taku Tlingit people. Conversely, the Tlingit (and consequently English) name for present-day Tagish Lake is Tagish because the lake provided access to the Tagish people. Tagish Lake extends between Klondike Highway kilometers 78 and 95.
Taiya \tī•ye\ [Car #302] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit name Dei Yé \dā ye\.  (Tlingit did not have the English long ī sound.)  As used, Dei Yé meant Way to the Trail.  Dei Yé – standing alone – was the Tlingit name for the combination of the present-day Taiya Inlet – plus the eight-mile, canoe-navigable portion of the present-day Taiya River, which begins at the mouth of the Nourse River.  Other than Yé [Way], there was no word in the original name which would correspond to an inlet or to a river.  Thus, the name Dei Yé referred to the Waterway to the Chilkoot Trail, from the south end of the Taiya Inlet, to the north end of canoe navigation on the Taiya River. A 1973 publication states that Taiya “purportedly” is the English adaptation of the words for “carrying place” [yaa yé].  However, the presence of the initial \t\ or \d\ sound in Taiya or \Deyah\ or \Dayay\ casts doubt on the yaa yé [carrying place] possibility, and suggests that the first syllable was in fact dei (as in dei yé). North of the Nourse River, the present-day Taiya River was named Sít’ Yayík [“Noisy Glacier,” a reference to nearby Sheep Camp Glacier].  (Note the distinction between the Tlingit possessed noun Dei-yi [Owned Trail], and the Tlingit phrase Dei Yé [Way to the Trail]. This distinction is reflected in the difference between the English names Dyea (village name) and Taiya.  See, Chilkoot Trail, above.)  Taiya River located at Dyea Road Mile 7.3.
Takhini [Cars ##284, 354] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit metaphor téix héeni, which literally means broth, and figuratively refers to Takhini Hot Springs. Takhini River located at Alaska Highway kilometer 1468.9, and at Klondike Highway kilometer 195.5.
Taku [Car #318] is a contraction of the Tlingit phrase t’aawák galakú, which means a flood of Canada geese.  Taku River flows into the Taku Inlet, 18 miles northeast of Juneau.
"Tarahne" [Gasoline-Screw Propeller Boat] was directly derived from Tarahini, which was the name of a little creek at Atlin. The name Tarahini was suggested to the ship's carpenter by Chief Taku Jack (John Taku, Sr.).  Tarahini was the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase té yaa .aa hini, which means stream sitting along rock. Tarahini had been derived by eliminating yaa and by substituting the English \ra\ sound for the Tlingit aspirated \.aa\ sound. Thus, all vocal sounds in Tarahini occur in English. The reason for the subsequent alteration from Tarahini to "Tarahne" is not known.
Tatshenshini [Car #312] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit phrase t’á chaan sha-héeni, which means river with stinking chinook (king) salmon at its headwaters. This name refers to the dead, spawned-out salmon at the headwaters of the pre-1891 Tatshenshini River (subsequently the Blanchard River).  These headwaters are along the Goat Creek Trail (X’wáat’heeni Dei-yi, between Haines and Hutshi Lake, Yukon), 100 trail-miles from Haines. In 1891, the name Tatshenshini was re-assigned to a different river. Pre-1891 Tatshenshini River (subsequently the Blanchard River) located at Haines Highway Kilometer 144.8. Post-1891 Tatshenshini River located 5 kilometers west of Haines Highway Kilometer 164, via Dalton Post Road.
Taye [likely candidate for a car name] is the English adaptation of the Southern Tutchone word tàłe, which means northern pike.   Northern pike are abundant in Taye Lake.  Actually, the Southern Tutchone themselves had a separate name for the lake itself.  The Southern Tutchone name for the lake sounds something like “Chin K’üa,” and the meaning of whatever this name may be, is unknown.  The Tlingit name for the lake is Té-xáat, which literally means “Rock-fish”.  “Rock-fish” does not actually describe the lake, and does not describe northern pike.  Té-xáat might be an obscure, local Tlingit name for northern pike and, consequently, the Tlingit name for the lake itself.  Taye Lake located 18 kilometers north of Champagne (Alaska Highway Kilometer 1513), along the Neskatahin Trail [Neskatahin Dei-yi].
Teslin [Car #242] is the English adaptation of the Northern Tutchone phrase dé-lin, which means flowing out. Teslin Lake extends between Alaska Highway kilometers 1244 and 1290.
"Thompson River" [Car #334] is the un-official name of the stream flowing from Meadows (Mile Post 25.4 Station) to Bernard Lake (at Mile Post 28.3). Received the name "Thompson River" by 1899. Most likely, named for Livingston Thompson (1851-1904), surveyor and Secretary of the Bennett Lake & Klondyke Navigation Co. Thompson was also a friend of William J. Rant, the British Columbia agent, magistrate, and assistant land commissioner for Bennett in 1898. The official name of this stream is Tutshi River.Tincup Lake [Car #508] most likely a fantasy name for the unnamed lake on Montana Mountain, from which Tincup Creek flows. Lake located 0.9 kilometer west of Montana Mountain Access Road Kilometer 4.7, via a trail.  Tincup Creek bridge at WP&YR Mile Post 66.1 – 2½ miles downstream from the lake.  (There is a less likely Tincup Lake at a remote location north of Kluane Lake.)
Tutshi [Car #260 and Steam-Stern Wheel Boat] is the English adaptation of the Tlingit metaphor t’ooch’ áayi, which literally means charcoal lake, and figuratively means dark lake. Tutshi Lake is darker than most lakes in the region because it is not fed by glacial runoff. Lake extends between Klondike Highway kilometers 57 and 70.
Utah [former Mile Post 105.5 Station] was the site of a camp of the Utah Construction Co. during construction of the Alaska Highway.  Utah also located at Alaska Highway kilometer 1415.7.
Viaduct [Mile Post 5.9 Station] had been named for the East Fork Bridge, now Bridge 5-A. Station renamed to Denver in 1904.Vista [Mile Post 36.1 Station] was named for the view from this location.  Station had been named Barry until 2007 or 2008.
Wasson Lake [Car #368] was named for Everett L. Wasson (1910–1958), first bush pilot in the Yukon.Watson [Mile Post 59.4 Station] was named for Thomas J. Watson (1861-1926) of Watson & Church, Skagway real estate agents during 1898-1899.Watson Lake [Cars ##238, 502] was named for Francis G. "Frank" Watson (1883–1939), a Klondike stampeder.  Lake located at Alaska Highway kilometer 980.
Wette Lea [former Mile Post 83.7 Station] was named for Auguste C. R. de Wette (1845-1912), banker and early shareholder of the WP&YR. Station renamed to De Wette in 1901.
White Pass [Mile Post 20.4 Station] was named for the Hon. Thomas W. White (1830-1888), Canadian Interior Minister, 1885-1888.Whitehorse [former Mile Post 110.7 Station] was named for the appearance of rapids in the Yukon River, about two miles upstream from the railroad station. Since 1958, these rapids have been covered by Schwatka Lake. Until 1957, the city's name was spelled as two words: "White Horse."  Whitehorse also located at Alaska Highway kilometer 1429.
Whiting River [Car #378] was named for U.S. Navy Surgeon Robert Whiting (1847–1897).  River flows into Gilbert Bay, 33 nautical miles southeast of Juneau, via Stephens Passage.
Wigan [former Mile Post 104.8 Station] was named for Edward A. Wigan (1868-1942), early shareholder of the WP&YR.Wolf Lake [Car #502] is a translation of the lake’s Tlingit name Gooch Áayi.Yukon [Car #290], or Ųųg Han, is a contraction of the words in the Gwich'in phrase chųų gąįį han, which mean white water river and which refer to "the pale colour" of glacial runoff in the Yukon River. The contraction is Ųųg Han, if the \ųų\ remains nasalized, or Yuk Han, if there is no vowel nasalization.  In the 1840s, different tribes had different opinions as to the literal meaning of Yukon. In 1843, the Holikachuks had told the Russian-American Company that their name for the river was Yukkhana and that this name meant "big river." However, Yukkhana does not literally correspond to a Holikachuk phrase that means big river.  Then, two years later, the Gwich'ins told the Hudson's Bay Company that their name for the river was Yukon and that the name meant white water river. White water river in fact corresponds to Gwich'in words that can be shortened to form Yukon. Because the Holikachuks had been trading regularly with both the Gwich'ins and the Yup'iks, the Holikachuks were in a position to borrow the Gwich'in contraction and to conflate its meaning with the meaning of Kuig-pak [River-big], which is the Yup'ik name for the same river.  For that reason, the documentary evidence suggests that the Holikachuks had borrowed the contraction Ųųg Han [White Water River] from Gwich'in, and erroneously assumed that this contraction had the same literal meaning as the corresponding Yup'ik name Kuig-pak [River-big]. Yukon River begins at the foot of Marsh Lake, 1+1⁄2 kilometers south of Alaska Highway Kilometer 1383.

 See also 
For the complete roster of White Pass boats, see, List of steamboats on the Yukon River.
For the complete roster of White Pass winter stages, see, Overland Trail (Yukon).

 References and notes 

Notes on Aboriginal Place Names
It is common for aboriginal place names to remain in English. Cruikshank, Julie (1990) "Getting the Words Right: Perspectives on Naming and Places in Athapaskan Oral History." 27 Arctic Anthropology (No. 1) 52, 63. ("[2] Names can persist. Place names ... are words which can be isolated, recorded, understood and learned by a non-speaker of the language and they can remain in English versions ..."). However, in order to represent aboriginal place names in writing, the pronunciations of these names had to be conformed to English phonology.  The aboriginal languages had no written alphabet. Glave, Edward J. (1892). "Pioneer Packhorses in Alaska – 1." 44 Century Magazine 673 (September 1892) (no written language); Glave (2013). Travels to the Alseck., at page 5. Furthermore, they had about 12 sounds that do not occur in English.  Therefore, there were no symbols which corresponded to these non-English sounds. If the aboriginal place names were to be preserved in writing, the pronunciations had to be conformed to English sounds.
An example of a sound which does not occur in English is the initial consonant in the word Tlingit. It is a lateral sound, which means that it is made to the side of the tongue. Begin by holding the tip of the tongue against the roof of the mouth, as you would when you begin to pronounce a \d\ or \t\ sound. Then drop a side of the tongue and, instead, make a \thl\ sound on that side.
In addition, aboriginal place names usually describe some attribute of the place. See, Cruikshank (1990) "Getting the Words Right," at page 63 ("[3] Names provide a unique way of encoding information. Many of the names reflect changes in landscape or in movements of plants and animals."). Attributive place names were needed as a tool to guide the traveler. See, Davidson, George (1883). The Kohklux Map. Yukon Historical & Museums Assn., at page 25. The aboriginal traveler had to commit to memory only an attribute of a place, and no additional arbitrary name.  This was of assistance, because the aboriginal languages had not been reduced to writing prior to the arrival of the English or Russian language.
As a consequence of having access only to information that could be remembered, people in the pre-1900 aboriginal societies had to deal with the world quite differently from people today.

 External links 

Official company website
White Pass Fan Website by Boerries Burkhardt

Slay the Spire
Slay the Spire is a roguelike deck-building video game developed by the American indie studio Mega Crit and published by Humble Bundle. The game was first released in early access for Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Linux in late 2017, with an official release in January 2019. It was released for PlayStation 4 in May 2019, for Nintendo Switch in June 2019 and for Xbox One in August 2019. An iOS version was released in June 2020, with an Android version released in February 2021.
In Slay the Spire, the player, through one of four characters, attempts to ascend a spire of multiple floors, created through procedural generation, battling through enemies and bosses. Combat takes place through a collectible card game-based system, with the player gaining new cards as rewards from combat and other means, requiring the player to use strategies of deck-building games to construct an effective deck to complete the climb.
Slay the Spire has been very well received. It was nominated for several accolades in 2019, and is considered the game that launched a number of roguelike deck-building games.

 Gameplay 
Slay the Spire is a combination of roguelike-inspired progression and the gameplay of a deck-building card game. At the start of a playthrough the player selects one of four predetermined characters, which sets a starting amount of health, gold, a starting relic that provides a unique ability for that character, and an initial deck of cards with basic attack and defense cards as well what potential color-coded cards tailored to that character they will see through the run. The goal is to work through several levels of a spire, each level having a number of potential encounters distributed in a branching structure with a boss character at the end of the level. Encounters include monsters which vary in strength; elite enemies which offer enhanced rewards; campfires to heal or upgrade cards to more powerful versions; shopkeepers to buy cards, relics and potions from, as well as to remove cards from the deck; chests with random loot; and random choice-based encounters.
Combat is played in turns. Each turn the player receives a fresh hand of cards and three energy points. The player can play any combination of cards as long as they have the energy to pay for the energy cost of each card, and at the end of the turn, all cards not played are sent to a discard pile. Players' cards vary by the character but generally consist of attack cards to damage opponents, skill cards that buff themselves, debuff opponents, or add to their blocking power for the turn, and power cards where the effect remains in play until the end of combat. Each opponent on the field will telegraph what move they will make: if they will attack and with how much damage, if they will block, cast a spell to buff themselves or debuff the player. In some cases, the opponents' attack or the player cards may add unplayable cards representing battle conditions like Wounds and Curses to the player's deck that can dilute a player's hand and may add negative effects while in the player's hand. The player can determine the best strategy to avoid taking any damage after they complete their turn. If the player's health drops to zero, the game is over and they must restart from the bottom of the spire. Otherwise, if the player defeats all the monsters in an encounter, they typically receive gold and a choice of one of three randomly-selected cards to add to their deck, if desired. Other loot that can be obtained from monsters or other encounters include relics that provide a permanent character buff for the duration of the game, such as increased maximum health, additional energy points, lower casting costs, and automatic blocking, and single-use potions that can be used during any turn for no cost to restore health, buff the player, and debuff or damage the enemy.The deck-building game requires players to develop a strategy for their deck on the fly based on the cards they can obtain from loot and in synergy with the relics they obtain. Like other deck-building, too many weak cards or the unplayable cards dilute the player's deck, and the player must strategically decide which cards are the best fit to make the deck effective, when to turn down additions of cards, or when to spend money to remove cards as to maximize the deck's strength.Slay the Spire features metagaming aspects. Completed or failed runs contribute points towards unlocking new characters or new relics and cards that will be made available for the specific character. Up to 20 Ascension difficulty levels unlock with each successfully completed run, each adding a cumulative negative effect such as lower health or stronger enemy attacks. Achievements provide several challenges to the player such as to climb the tower with a character using only their starting relic or with only common cards in their decks. A daily challenge gives players a single chance to get as high in the spire as they can under pre-set conditions and a fixed random seed, so that each player is starting from the same point and sees the same encounters. The custom mode allows players to start runs with custom modifiers that can increase or decrease the difficulty of the game. 

 Development 
Slay the Spire is developed by Seattle-based studio Mega Crit, with Anthony Giovannetti and Casey Yano as lead developers. Their initial goal was to fuse the concept of a roguelike game with deck-building games like Dominion. The game was also inspired partially by the Netrunner collectible card game, of which Giovannetti was a fan, and for which he maintains a community website. The game was built on the libGDX framework.To help test and get feedback on the game, Giovannetti turned to expert players in the Netrunner community. This was also necessary to determine appropriate balance for the cards they added, as balancing the difficulty of the game against the randomness of the roguelike encounters and the card-based play was difficult. By using a large number of playtesters, along with gameplay metric reporting from the game client, they were able to determine what cards had positive designs and which cards to remove. For example, they became aware of cards with too low of a value for the game when they were not picked when offered by players, and found cards that were overpowered if they occurred too frequently within game-winning decks. They had no issue when players discovered card synergies that created powerful combinations, a factor of concern in typical collectible card games, as it was a single-player game and there would be no opponent that would feel overwhelmed by these combos.Originally, enemies did not show their next intended action as is common to most turn-based role-playing video games, but this design did not mesh well with the roguelike nature of permadeath. During playtests, they found that players were confused about the number of card abilities without any clear situation to apply them. They first created a "Next Turn" system where the player could select individual targets to see what their chosen action would be in part of the game's user interface. The "Next Turn" system brought something unique to the game, according to Giovannetti, and enabled them to create new buffs and debuffs that were easy to describe to players through the interface. However, from a user-interface perspective, there were still issues particularly when multiple enemies were present. They then transitioned from the "Next Turn" to the new "Intents" system, which used icons to represent the enemy's next move, though originally this lacked exact numbers for attack values, instead representing certain ranges of attacks by different weapons. Giovannetti felt they didn't want to present too many numbers to players to overwhelm them and make the game off-putting, but they discovered through playtesters that having the numbers available was more engaging, did not require the player to have to memorize what each symbol meant, and enabled players to create new strategies. The approach for players to progress through the spires with branching pathways and random events was inspired by FTL: Faster Than Light.Upon its early access initial release in November 2017, the game featured two playable characters with plans for at least a third to be added during the early access period. Giovannetti said that while they could add more cards for a character's card pool, they found having about 75 different cards available was the right balance to give some potential strategy to the player; having too many card types would make deck construction during runs much more haphazard, an issue that Netrunner had faced. Charlie Hall of Polygon found that, in contrast to most other early access titles, the game's mechanics and core gameplay was already well-developed at the start and found that the sustained weekly updates made the game more attractive to potential buyers. Giovannetti credits indirect feedback from watching online streamers play the game during early access to help improve its balance, as he said "A streamer isn’t going to be afraid to speak their minds or insult you – they probably don’t even know you’re there most of the time."Other changes over the course of early access development included adding more potions with novel effects, and adding more events to the game. On Steam, the game also supports user-created modifications through the Steam Workshop, allowing users to create new playable characters, cards, monsters, and other items. The early access period ended on January 23, 2019, with the full release of the game. An official fourth playable character was added to the game as part of a free content update, first released to Windows versions on January 14, 2020.Humble Bundle helped to provide publication support for Mega Crit for the console releases: Slay the Spire was released for the PlayStation 4 on May 21, 2019, for the Nintendo Switch on June 6, 2019, and for the Xbox One on August 14, 2019.Mobile versions of the game for iOS and Android were planned for release in 2019, but in December 2019, Mega Crit pushed their release into early 2020. The iOS version was released in June 2020, and had feature-parity with the computer and console releases. The Android version was released on February 3, 2021.

 Reception 

According to Mega Crit, the game's first early access release in November 2017 was very slow, with about 2000 copies selling across the first weeks, the period in which most games sell the most copies. While they had seeded redemption keys with streamers and influencers, these had not converted into sales. It was not until a Chinese streamer featured the game on their channel that had over a million views, did Mega Crit start to see the large rise in sales. During the week ending January 21, 2018, Slay the Spire was the second highest-sold game on Steam. By February 2018, the game had more than 500,000 players, according to SteamSpy estimates. Mega Crit announced that by the end of June, sales of Slay the Spire had exceeded 1 million, and reached 1.5 million by March 2019.On release, the game received positive reviews, with a Metacritic aggregate rating of 89 out of 100.

 Awards and accolades 
IGN named Slay the Spire as the Best Strategy Game of 2019, while PC Gamer gave it the Best Design for 2019. IGN later ranked it as one of the best 25 PC Games from the past decade, and one of the top 10 roguelike games.

 Board game adaptation 
Mega Crit announced in January 2021 that they were creating a cooperative board game adaptation of Slay the Spire with Contention Games. The game features more than 730 cards total, with four possible player characters to choose from. A notable difference from the video game is that the game can be played co-operatively with four players. A crowdfunding campaign for the board game was launched on November 2, 2022, and reached its funding goal after just 6 minutes. The campaign reached US$1.4 million in its first day, and finished after raising nearly US$4 million total. CBR included it on their list of most anticipated tabletop games of 2023.

 References 

 External links 
Mega Crit website

Genealogy of Jesus
The New Testament provides two accounts of the genealogy of Jesus, one in the Gospel of Matthew and another in the Gospel of Luke. Matthew starts with Abraham and works forwards, while Luke works back in time from Jesus to Adam. The lists of names are identical between Abraham and David (whose royal ancestry affirms Jesus' Messianic title Son of David), but differ radically from that point. Matthew has twenty-seven generations from David to Joseph, whereas Luke has forty-two, with almost no overlap between them or with other known genealogies.⁠ They also disagree on who Joseph's father was: Matthew says he was Jacob, while Luke says he was Heli.Traditional Christian scholars (starting with Africanus and Eusebius) take both lineages to be true, offering various explanations for their divergence. For instance, one (usually Matthew's) may be taken to be the lineage of Joseph and the other (usually Luke's) of Mary, or one may be Jesus' customary legal lineage and the other his biological blood lineage. These versions can also fit the gospels' simultaneous account of Jesus' virgin birth of Mary alone, with Joseph being merely his legal adoptive father; both Joseph and Mary are taken to be David's descendants. Levirate marriage, through which an individual (such as Joseph) may have two legal fathers, can also serve these explanations. However, some modern critical scholars like Marcus Borg and John Dominic Crossan state that both genealogies are inventions, constructed to bring the Messianic claim into conformity with Jewish criteria.

 Matthew's genealogy 
Matthew 1:1–17 begins the Gospel with "A record of the origin of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham: Abraham begot Isaac, ..." and continues on until "... Jacob begot Joseph, the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ. Thus there were fourteen generations in all from Abraham to David, fourteen from David to the exile to Babylon, and fourteen from the exile to the Christ."
Matthew emphasizes, right from the beginning, Jesus' title Christ—the Greek rendering of the Hebrew title Messiah—meaning anointed, in the sense of an anointed king. Jesus is presented as the long-awaited Messiah, who was expected to be a descendant of King David. Matthew begins by calling Jesus the son of David, indicating his royal origin, and also son of Abraham, indicating that he was an Israelite; both are stock phrases, in which son means descendant, calling to mind the promises God made to David and to Abraham.Matthew's introductory title (βίβλος γενέσεως, book of generations) has been interpreted in various ways, but most likely is simply a title for the genealogy that follows, echoing the Septuagint use of the same phrase for genealogies.
Matthew's genealogy is considerably more complex than Luke's. It is overtly schematic, organized into three sets of fourteen, each of a distinct character:

The first is rich in annotations, including four mothers and mentioning the brothers of Judah and the brother of Perez.
The second spans the Davidic royal line, but omits several generations, ending with "Jeconiah and his brothers at the time of the exile to Babylon."
The last, which appears to span only thirteen generations, connects Joseph to Zerubbabel through a series of otherwise unknown names, remarkably few for such a long period.The total of 42 generations is achieved only by omitting several names, so the choice of three sets of fourteen seems deliberate. Various explanations have been suggested: fourteen is twice seven, symbolizing perfection and covenant, and is also the gematria (numerical value) of the name David.The rendering into Greek of Hebrew names in this genealogy is mostly in accord with the Septuagint, but there are a few peculiarities. The form Asaph seems to identify King Asa with the psalmist Asaph. Likewise, some see the form Amos for King Amon as suggesting the prophet Amos, though the Septuagint does have this form. Both may simply be assimilations to more familiar names. More interesting, though, are the unique forms Boes (Boaz, LXX Boos) and Rachab (Rahab, LXX Raab).

 Omissions 
Three consecutive kings of Judah are omitted: Ahaziah, Jehoash, and Amaziah. These kings are seen as especially wicked , from the cursed line of Ahab through his daughter Athaliah to the third and fourth generation. The author could have omitted them to create a second set of fourteen.Another omitted king is Jehoiakim, the father of Jeconiah, also known as Jehoiachin. In Greek the names are even more similar, both being sometimes called Joachim. When Matthew says, "Josiah begot Jeconiah and his brothers at the time of the exile," he appears to conflate the two, because Jehoiakim, not Jeconiah, had brothers, but the exile was in the time of Jeconiah. While some see this as a mistake, others argue that the omission was once again deliberate, ensuring that the kings after David spanned exactly fourteen generations.The final group also contains fourteen generations. If Josiah's son was intended as Jehoiakim, then Jeconiah could be counted separately after the exile. Some authors proposed that Matthew's original text had one Joseph as the father of Mary, who then married another man of the same name.Fourteen generations span the time from Jeconiah, born c. 616 BC, to Jesus, born c. 4 BC. The average generation gap would be around forty-four years. However, in the Old Testament, there are even wider gaps between generations. Also, we do not see any instances of papponymic naming patterns, where children are named after their grandparents, which was a common custom throughout this period. This may indicate that Matthew has telescoped this segment by collapsing such repetitions.

 Luke's genealogy 
In the Gospel of Luke, the genealogy appears at the beginning of the public life of Jesus. This version is in ascending order from Joseph to Adam. After telling of the baptism of Jesus, Luke 3:23–38 states, "Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was [the son] of Heli, ..." (3:23) and continues on until "Adam, which was [the son] of God." (3:38) The Greek text of Luke's Gospel does not use the word "son" in the genealogy after "son of Joseph". Robertson notes that, in the Greek, "Luke has the article tou repeating uiou (Son) except before Joseph".
This genealogy descends from the Davidic line through Nathan, who is an otherwise little-known son of David, mentioned briefly in the Old Testament.In the ancestry of David, Luke agrees completely with the Old Testament. Cainan is included between Arphaxad and Shelah, following the Septuagint text (though not included in the Masoretic Text followed by most modern Bibles).
Augustine notes that the count of generations in the Book of Luke is 77, a number symbolizing the forgiveness of all sins. This count also agrees with the seventy generations from Enoch set forth in the Book of Enoch, which Luke probably knew. Though Luke never counts the generations as Matthew does, it appears he also followed hebdomadic principle of working in sevens. However, Irenaeus counts only 72 generations from Adam.The reading "son of Aminadab, son of Aram", from the Old Testament is well attested. The Nestle-Aland critical edition, considered the best authority by most modern scholars, accepts the variant "son of Aminadab, son of Admin, son of Arni", counting the 76 generations from Adam rather than God.Luke's qualification "as was supposed" (ἐνομίζετο) avoids stating that Jesus was actually a son of Joseph, since his virgin birth is affirmed in the same gospel. Some view that "as was supposed of Joseph" regards Luke as calling Jesus a son of Eli—meaning that Heli (Ἠλί, Heli) was the maternal grandfather of Jesus, with Luke tracing the ancestry of Jesus through Mary, his nearest blood relative, while listing Heli’s son-in-law Joseph rather than Mary in order to maintain the patriarchal structure of the genealogy. D. A. Carson calls this reading "painfully artificial" and would not likely be deduced by readers. Likewise R. P. Nettelhorst calls this reading "unnatural and forced. There are other interpretations of how this qualification relates to the rest of the genealogy. Some see the remainder as the true genealogy of Joseph, despite the different genealogy given in Matthew.

 Comparison of the two genealogies 
The following table is a side-by-side comparison of Matthew's and Luke's genealogies. Converging sections are shown with a green background, and diverging sections shown with a yellow background.

 Explanations for divergence 
The Church Fathers held that both accounts are true. Eusebius of Cesarea, in his Church history, dedicates the 7th chapter of the first book to that issue, arguing that the divergences are based on whether one is considered as being father by nature or by law. Similarly, in his book An Exact Exposition of the Orthodox Faith, John Damascene argues that Heli of the tribe of Nathan died childless, and Jacob of the tribe of Solomon took his wife and raised up seed to his brother and begat Joseph, in accordance with scripture, namely, yibbum (the mitzvah that a man must marry his brother's childless widow); Joseph, therefore, is by nature the son of Jacob, of the line of Solomon, but by law he is the son of Heli of the line of Nathan.Modern scholarship tends to see the genealogies of Jesus as theological constructs rather than factual history: family pedigrees would not usually have been available for non-priestly families, and the contradictions between the two lists are seen as clear evidence that these were not based on genealogical records. Additionally, the use of titles such as 'Son of God' and 'Son of David' are seen as evidence that they do not come from the earliest Gospel traditions. Raymond E. Brown says the genealogies "tell us nothing certain about his grandparents or his great-grand-parents". Marcus Borg and John Dominic Crossan contend that both genealogies are inventions to support Messianic claims.Gundry suggests the series of unknown names in Matthew connecting Joseph's grandfather to Zerubbabel as an outright fabrication, produced by collecting and then modifying various names from 1 Chronicles. Sivertsen sees Luke's as artificially pieced together out of oral traditions. The pre-exilic series Levi, Simeon, Judah, Joseph consists of the names of tribal patriarchs, far more common after the exile than before, while the name Mattathias and its variants begin at least three suspiciously similar segments. Kuhn likewise suggests that the two series Jesus–Mattathias (77–63) and Jesus–Mattatha (49–37) are duplicates.The contradictions between the lists have been used to question the accuracy of the gospel accounts since ancient times, and several early Christian authors responded to this. Augustine, for example, attempted on several occasions to refute every criticism, not only because the Manichaeans in his day were using the differences to attack Christianity, but also because he himself had seen them in his youth as cause for doubting the veracity of the Gospels. His explanation for the different names given for Joseph's father is that Joseph had a biological father and an adoptive father, and that one of the gospels traces the genealogy through the adoptive father in order to draw parallels between Joseph and Jesus (both having an adoptive father) and as a metaphor for God's relationship with humankind, in the sense that God "adopted" human beings as his children.One common explanation for the divergence is that Matthew is recording the actual legal genealogy of Jesus through Joseph, according to Jewish custom, whereas Luke, writing for a Gentile audience, gives the actual biological genealogy of Jesus through Mary, in recognition of the virgin birth. Some view this argument as problematic since both trace their genealogy through Joseph, but Luke may have replaced Mary with Joseph (Heli’s son-in-law) in order to conform with the patriarchal genealogical structure. Eusebius of Caesarea, on the other hand, affirmed the interpretation of Africanus that Luke's genealogy is of Joseph (not of Mary), who was the natural son of Jacob, though legally of Eli who was the uterine brother of Jacob.

 Levirate marriage 
The earliest tradition that explains the divergence of Joseph's lineages involves the law of levirate marriage. A woman whose husband died without issue was bound by law to be married to her husband's brother, and the first-born son of a Yibbum was reckoned and registered as the son of the deceased brother (Deuteronomy 25:5 sqq.). Sextus Julius Africanus, in his 3rd-century Epistle to Aristides, reports a tradition that Joseph was born from just such a levirate marriage. According to this report, Joseph's natural father was Jacob son of Matthan, as given in Matthew, while his legal father was Eli son of Melchi (sic), as given in Luke.Commenting on Africanus's explanation, Christian author Valeriy Sterkh writes:

It must be added that the levirate links between the two genealogies are found not only at the end, but also in the beginning. This conclusion is obvious because both genealogies intersect in the middle at Zerubbabel, son of Shealtiel (see Mt 1:12–13; Lk 3:27). Nathan was the older brother; Solomon was younger, next in line after him (see 2 Sam 5:14–16; 1 Chron 3:5), therefore he was the first candidate to a levirate marriage (compare Ruth 3–4; Lk 20:27–33). The Old Testament is silent on whether Nathan had children, so we may very well conclude that he had none. Solomon, however, had much capacity for love: «And he had seven hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines» (1 Kings 11:3). So, in theory, he could have married Nathan's widow. If this is so, Mattatha is the son of Solomon according to the flesh and the son of Nathan according to the Law. In light of the above-mentioned circumstances, the differences between the two genealogies no longer present a problem.
It has been questioned, however, whether levirate marriages actually occurred among uterine brothers; they are expressly excluded in the Halakhah Beth Hillel but permitted by Shammai. According to Jesuit theologian Anthony Maas, the question proposed to Jesus by the Sadducees in all three Synoptic Gospels regarding a woman with seven levirate husbands suggests that this law was observed at the time of Christ.

 Maternal ancestry in Luke 
A common explanation among theologians is that Luke's genealogy is of Mary, with Eli being her father, while Matthew's describes the genealogy of Joseph.Luke's text says that Jesus was "a son, as was supposed, of Joseph, of Eli" (υἱός, ὡς ἐνομίζετο, Ἰωσὴφ, τοῦ Ἠλὶ.) The qualification has traditionally been understood as acknowledgment of the virgin birth, but some instead see a parenthetical expression: "a son (as was supposed of Joseph) of Eli." In this interpretation, Jesus is called a son of Eli because Eli was his maternal grandfather, his nearest male ancestor. A variation on this idea is to explain "Joseph son of Eli" as meaning a son-in-law, perhaps even an adoptive heir to Eli through his only daughter Mary. An example of the Old Testament use of such an expression is Jair, who is called "Jair son of Manasseh" but was actually son of Manasseh's granddaughter. In any case, the argument goes, it is natural for the evangelist, acknowledging the unique case of the virgin birth, to give the maternal genealogy of Jesus, while expressing it a bit awkwardly in the traditional patrilinear style.
According to R. A. Torrey, the reason Mary is not implicitly mentioned by name is because the ancient Hebrews never permitted the name of a woman to enter the genealogical tables, but inserted her husband as the son of him who was, in reality, but his father-in-law.Lightfoot sees confirmation in an obscure passage of the Talmud, which, as he reads it, refers to "Mary daughter of Eli"; however, both the identity of this Mary and the reading are doubtful. Patristic tradition, on the contrary, consistently identifies Mary's father as Joachim. It has been suggested that Eli is short for Eliakim, which in the Old Testament is an alternate name of Jehoiakim, for whom Joachim is named.
The theory is consistent with early traditions ascribing a Davidic ancestry to Mary. It also aligns with Luke's greater focus on Mary, in contrast to Matthew's focus on Joseph's perspective. On the other hand, there is no explicit indication whatsoever, either in the Gospel or in any early tradition, that the genealogy is Mary's.
A Jewish tradition ascribing a Davidic ancestry to Mary is recorded in the Doctrina Jacobi (written in 634), in which a Tiberian rabbi mocks the Christian veneration of Mary by recounting her genealogy according to the tradition of the Jews of Tiberias:

Why do Christians extol Mary so highly, calling her nobler than the Cherubim, incomparably greater than the Seraphim, raised above the heavens, purer than the very rays of the sun? For she was a woman, of the race of David, born to Anne her mother and Joachim her father, who was son of Panther. Panther and Melchi were brothers, sons of Levi, of the stock of Nathan, whose father was David of the tribe of Judah.

A century later, John of Damascus and others report similar information, only inserting an extra generation, Barpanther (Aramaic for son of Panther, thus indicating a misunderstood Aramaic source). A certain prince Andronicus later found the same polemic in a book belonging to a rabbi named Elijah.The claim that Luke gives Mary's genealogy is mentioned in a single extant 5th century text, in which pseudo-Hilary cites it as an opinion held by many, though not himself. This claim was revived by Annius of Viterbo in 1498 and quickly grew in popularity.
Modern scholars discount this approach: Raymond E. Brown called it a "pious deduction"; and Joachim Gnilka "the desperation of embarrassment". D. A. Carson calls this reading "painfully artificial" and would not be apparent to Luke's audience. Likewise R. P. Nettelhorst calls this reading "unnatural and forced".Jewish law is relevant to these matters. It differs radically on such issues from Roman law, but is what applied within Jewish society and the state of Judea, and was the only one that Jesus himself explicitly acknowledged as binding and authoritative, as recorded in Matt. 23:1-3. It does not accept maternal ancestry as applying to lineage claims, which go through the father alone.

 Maternal ancestry in Matthew 
A minority view holds that while Luke gives the genealogy of Joseph, Matthew gives the genealogy of Mary. A few ancient authorities seem to offer this interpretation. Although the Greek text as it stands is plainly against it, it has been proposed that in the original text Matthew had one Joseph as Mary's father and another as her husband. This neatly explains not only why Matthew's genealogy differs from Luke's, but also why Matthew counts fourteen generations rather than thirteen. Blair sees the various extant versions as the predictable result of copyists repeatedly attempting to correct an apparent mistake. Others, including Victor Paul Wierwille, argue that here the Aramaic original of Matthew used the word gowra (which could mean father), which, in the absence of vowel markings, was read by the Greek translator as gura (husband). In any case, an early understanding that Matthew traced Mary's genealogy would explain why the contradiction between Matthew and Luke apparently escaped notice until the 3rd century.

 Lukan version of Levirate marriage theory 
Although most accounts ascribing the Luke genealogy to Mary's line do not include a levirate marriage this is added by the above sources. Each of these texts then goes on to describe, just as in Julius Africanus (but omitting the name of Estha), how Melchi was related to Joseph through a levirate marriage.

Bede assumed that Julius Africanus was mistaken and corrected Melchi to Matthat. Since papponymics were common in this period, however, it would not be surprising if Matthat were also named Melchi after his grandfather.

 Panther 
Controversy has surrounded the name Panther, mentioned above, because of a charge that Jesus' father was a soldier named Pantera. Celsus mentions this in his writing, The True Word, where he is quoted by Origen in Book 1:32. "But let us now return to where the Jew is introduced, speaking of the mother of Jesus, and saying that "when she was pregnant she was turned out of doors by the carpenter to whom she had been betrothed, as having been guilty of adultery, and that she bore a child to a certain soldier named Panthera." Epiphanius, in refutation of Celsus, writes that Joseph and Cleopas were sons of "Jacob, surnamed Panther."Two Talmudic-era texts referring to a "Jesus, son of Pantera (Pandera)" are Tosefta Hullin 2:22f: "Jacob… came to heal him in the name of Jesus son of Pantera" and Qohelet Rabbah 1:8(3): "Jacob… came to heal him in the name of Jesus son of Pandera" and some editions of the Jerusalem Talmud also specifically name Jesus as the son of Pandera: Jerusalem Abodah Zarah 2:2/7: "someone… whispered to him in the name of Jesus son of Pandera"; Jerusalem Shabboth 14:4/8: "someone… whispered to him in the name of Jesus son of Pandera"; Jerusalem Abodah Zarah 2:2/12: "Jacob… came to heal him. He said to him: we will speak to you in the name of Jesus son of Pandera"; Jerusalem Shabboth 14:4/13: "Jacob… came in the name of Jesus Pandera to heal him". Because some editions of the Jerusalem Talmud do not contain the name Jesus in these passages the association is disputed.

 Legal inheritance 
One of the traditional explanations is that Matthew traces not a genealogy in the modern biological sense, but a record of legal inheritance showing the succession of Jesus in the royal line.
According to this theory, Matthew's immediate goal is therefore not David, but Jeconiah, and in his final group of fourteen, he may freely jump to a maternal grandfather, skip generations, or perhaps even follow an adoptive lineage in order to get there. Attempts have been made to reconstruct Matthew's route, from the seminal work of Lord Hervey to Masson's recent work, but all are necessarily highly speculative.
As a starting point, one of Joseph's two fathers could be by simple adoption, as Augustine suggests, or more likely the special adoption by a father-in-law with no sons, or could be a maternal grandfather. On the other hand, the resemblance between Matthan and Matthat suggests they are the same man (in which case Jacob and Eli are either identical or full brothers involved in a levirate marriage), and Matthew's departure from Luke at that point can only be to follow legal line of inheritance, perhaps through a maternal grandfather. Such reasoning could further explain what has happened with Zerubbabel and Shealtiel.A key difficulty with these explanations, however, is that there is no adoption in Jewish law, which of course is the relevant legal tradition even according to Jesus (Matt. 23:1–3), not the Roman legal tradition. If Joseph is not the biological father, his lineage does not apply to Jesus, and there is no provision available within Jewish law for this to be altered. One's natural father is always one's father. Nor is inheritance of lineage claims even possible through one's mother, in Jewish law.

 Zerubbabel, son of Shealtiel 

The genealogies in Luke and Matthew appear to briefly converge at Zerubbabel, son of Shealtiel, though they differ both above Shealtiel and below Zerubbabel. This is also the point where Matthew departs from the Old Testament record.

In the Old Testament, Zerubbabel was a hero who led the Jews back from Babylon about 520 BC, governed Judah, and rebuilt the temple. Several times he is called a son of Shealtiel. He appears once in the genealogies in the Book of Chronicles, where his descendants are traced for several generations, but the passage has a number of difficulties. While the Septuagint text here gives his father as Shealtiel, the Masoretic text instead substitutes Shealtiel's brother Pedaiah—both sons of King Jeconiah, according to the passage. Some, accepting the Masoretic reading, suppose that Pedaiah begot a son for Shealtiel through a levirate marriage, but most scholars now accept the Septuagint reading as original, in agreement with Matthew and all other accounts.The appearance of Zerubbabel and Shealtiel in Luke may be no more than a coincidence of names (Zerubbabel, at least, is a very common Babylonian name). Shealtiel is given a completely different ancestry, and Zerubbabel a different son. Furthermore, interpolation between known dates would put the birth of Luke's Shealtiel at the very time when the celebrated Zerubbabel led the Jews back from Babylon. Thus, it is likely that Luke's Shealtiel and Zerubbabel were distinct from, and perhaps even named after, Matthew's.If they are the same, as many insist, then the question arises of how Shealtiel, like Joseph, could have two fathers. Yet another complex levirate marriage has often been invoked. Richard Bauckham, however, argues for the authenticity of Luke alone. In this view, the genealogy in Chronicles is a late addition grafting Zerubbabel onto the lineage of his predecessors, and Matthew has simply followed the royal succession. In fact, Bauckham says, Zerubbabel's legitimacy hinged on descending from David through Nathan rather than through the prophetically cursed ruling line.The name Rhesa, given in Luke as the son of Zerubbabel, is usually seen as the Aramaic word rēʾšāʾ, meaning head or prince. It might well befit a son of Zerubbabel, but some see the name as a misplaced title of Zerubbabel himself. If so, the next generation in Luke, Joanan, might be Hananiah in Chronicles. Subsequent names in Luke, as well as Matthew's next name Abiud, cannot be identified in Chronicles on more than a speculative basis.

 Fulfillment of prophecy 

By the time of Jesus, it was already commonly understood that several prophecies in the Old Testament promised a Messiah descended from King David. Thus, in tracing the Davidic ancestry of Jesus, the Gospels aim to show that these messianic prophecies are fulfilled in him.
The prophecy of Nathan—understood as foretelling a son of God who would inherit the throne of his ancestor David and reign forever—is quoted in Hebrews and strongly alluded to in Luke's account of the Annunciation. Likewise, the Psalms record God's promise to establish the seed of David on his throne forever, while Isaiah and Jeremiah speak of the coming reign of a righteous king of the house of David.
David's ancestors are also understood as progenitors of the Messiah in several prophecies. Isaiah's description of the branch or root of Jesse is cited twice by Paul as a promise of the Christ.More controversial are the prophecies on the Messiah's relation, or lack thereof, to certain of David's descendants:

God promised to establish the throne of King Solomon over Israel forever, but the promise was contingent upon obeying God's commandments. Solomon's failure to do so is explicitly cited as a reason for the subsequent division of his kingdom.
Against King Jehoiakim, Jeremiah prophesied, "He shall have no one to sit on the throne of David," and against his son King Jeconiah, "Write this man childless, a man who will not prosper in his days; for no man of his seed will prosper, sitting on the throne of David or ruling again in Judah." Some see this prophecy as permanently disqualifying Jeconiah from the ancestry of the Messiah (though not necessarily of Joseph). More likely, the curse was limited to Jeconiah's lifetime, and even then, rabbinical tradition has it that Jeconiah repented in exile and the curse was lifted. Additionally, the Old Testament recounts that none of the punishments listed in the curse actually came to pass.
To Zerubbabel, God declares through Haggai, "I will make you like my signet ring," in clear reversal of the prophecy against his grandfather Jeconiah, "though you were a signet ring on my right hand, yet I would pull you off." Zerubbabel ruled as governor, though not as king, and has been regarded by many as a suitable and likely progenitor of the Messiah.The promise to Solomon and Jeconiah's curse, if applicable, argue against Matthew. Yet evidently Matthew didn't find his respective genealogy incompatible with these prophecies.
Matthew also presents the virgin birth of Jesus as fulfillment of Isaiah 7:14, which he quotes. Matthew apparently quotes the ancient Septuagint translation of the verse, which renders the Hebrew word "almah" as "virgin" in Greek.

 Women mentioned 
Matthew inserts four women into the long list of men. The women are included early in the genealogy—Tamar, Rachab, Ruth, and "the wife of Uriah" (Bathsheba). Why Matthew chose to include these particular women, while passing over others such as the matriarchs Sarah, Rebecca, and Leah, has been much discussed.
There may be a common thread among these four women, to which Matthew wishes to draw attention. He sees God working through Tamar's seduction of her father-in-law, through the collusion of Rahab the harlot with Joshua's spies, through Ruth the Moabite's unexpected marriage with Boaz, and through David and Bathsheba's adultery.The NIV Cultural Backgrounds Study Bible suggests that the common thread between all of these women is that they have associations with Gentiles. Rahab was a prostitute in Canaan, Bathsheba was married to a Hittite, Ruth resided in Moab, and Tamar had a name of Hebrew origin. The women's nationalities are not necessarily mentioned. The suggestion is that Matthew may be preparing the reader for the inclusion of the Gentiles in Christ's mission. Others point out an apparent element of sinfulness: Rahab was a prostitute, Tamar posed as a prostitute to seduce Judah, Bathsheba was an adulteress, and Ruth is sometimes seen as seducing Boaz—thus Matthew emphasizes God's grace in response to sin. Still others point out their unusual, even scandalous, unions—preparing the reader for what will be said about Mary. None of these explanations, however, adequately befits all four women.Nolland suggests simply that these were all the known women attached to David's genealogy in the Book of Ruth.

 Mary's kinship with Elizabeth 
Luke states that Elizabeth, the mother of John the Baptist, was a "relative" (Greek syggenēs, συγγενής) of Mary, and that Elizabeth was descended from Aaron, of the tribe of Levi. Whether she was an aunt, a cousin, or a more distant relation cannot be determined from the word. Some, such as Gregory Nazianzen, have inferred from this that Mary herself was also a Levite descended from Aaron, and thus kingly and priestly lineages were united in Jesus. Others, such as Thomas Aquinas, have argued that the relationship was on the maternal side; that Mary's father was from Judah, Mary's mother from Levi. Modern scholars like Raymond Brown (1973) and Géza Vermes (2005) suggest that the relationship between Mary and Elizabeth is simply an invention of Luke.

 Virgin birth 

These two Gospels declare that Jesus was begotten not by Joseph, but by the power of the Holy Spirit while Mary was still a virgin, in fulfillment of prophecy. Thus, in mainstream Christianity, Jesus is regarded as being literally the "only begotten son" of God, while Joseph is regarded as his adoptive father.
Matthew immediately follows the genealogy of Jesus with: "This is how the birth of Jesus Christ came about: His mother Mary was pledged to be married to Joseph, but before they came together, she was found to be with child through the Holy Spirit".Likewise, Luke tells of the Annunciation: "How will this be," Mary asked the angel, "since I am a virgin?" The angel answered, "The Holy Spirit will come upon you, and the power of the Most High will overshadow you. So the holy one to be born will be called the Son of God."The question then arises, why do both gospels seem to trace the genealogy of Jesus through Joseph, when they deny that he is his biological father? Augustine considers it a sufficient answer that Joseph was the father of Jesus by adoption, his legal father, through whom he could rightfully claim descent from David.Tertullian, on the other hand, argues that Jesus must have descended from David by blood through his mother Mary. He sees Biblical support in Paul's statement that Jesus was "born of a descendant of David according to the flesh". Affirmations of Mary's Davidic ancestry are found early and often.The Ebionites, a sect who denied the virgin birth, used a gospel which, according to Epiphanius, was a recension of Matthew that omitted the genealogy and infancy narrative. These differences reflect the Ebionites' awareness of Jewish law (halakhah) relating to lineage inheritance, adoption, and the status of ancestry claims through the mother.

 Islam 

The Qurʼan upholds the virgin birth of Jesus (ʻĪsā) and thus considers his genealogy only through Mary (Maryam), without mentioning Joseph.
Mary is very highly regarded in the Qurʼan, the nineteenth surah being named for her. She is called a daughter of ʻImrān, whose family is the subject of the third surah. The same Mary (Maryam) is also called a sister of Aaron (Hārūn) in one place, and although this is often seen as an anachronistic conflation with the Old Testament Miriam (having the same name), who was sister to Aaron (Hārūn) and daughter to Amram (ʻImrān), the phrase is probably not to be understood literally.According to Muslim Scholar Sheikh Ibn Al-Feasy Al-Hanbali, the Quran used "Sister of Aaron" and "Daughter of Amram" for several reasons. One of those is the "relative calling" or laqb that is always used in Arabic literature. "Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Hanbal Abu 'Abd Allah al-Shaybani", for instance, is prevalently called "Ibn Hanbal" instead of "Ibn Muhammad". Or, "Muhammad bin Idris ash-Shafi`i" is always called "Imam Al-Shafi'i" instead of "Imam Idris" or "Imam Muhammad". This is how the Arabs refer to famous persons in their daily life. The same applies here; Sister of Aaron refers to "daughter of Aaron's siblings'", and daughter of Amram refers to "direct lineage of Amram" (Amram's descendants). This means that Mary was from the line of Amram, but not of Aaron's generation.

 See also 
Genealogies in the Bible
Genealogies of Genesis
Chronology of the Bible
Chronology of Jesus
Holy Kinship
Jesus bloodline
Perpetual virginity of Mary
Race and appearance of Jesus
Tree of Jesse – Christ's ancestry in art
Jewish genealogy

 Notes 

 External links 

Multiple translations

Lyle Lovett
Lyle Pearce Lovett (born November 1, 1957) is an American country singer, songwriter, actor and record producer. Active since 1980, he has recorded 13 albums and released 25 singles to date, including his highest entry, the number 10 chart hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, "Cowboy Man". Lovett has won four Grammy Awards, including Best Male Country Vocal Performance and Best Country Album. His most recent album is 12th of June, released in 2022.

 Early life 
Lovett was born in Houston, Texas, when his family lived in the nearby community of Klein. He is the son of William Pearce and Bernell Louise (née Klein) Lovett, a marketing executive and training specialist, respectively. He was raised in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod. Lovett attended Texas A&M University, where he received Bachelor of Arts degrees in both German and Journalism in 1980. In the early 1980s, Lovett often played solo acoustic sets at the small bars just off the A&M campus.

 Career 
Lovett began his music career as a singer-songwriter. By the early 1980s, Lovett had already distinguished himself in the burgeoning Texas folk acoustic scene.  He had performed in the New Folk competition at the Kerrville Folk Festival in 1980 and 1982. An American singer, Buffalo Wayne, whom he had met in 1978 during a college trip to Germany, invited Lovett to play with him at the 1983 Schueberfouer in Luxembourg. One of the events at the funfair was an American musical tent.  The owner of that event was a fan of the Phoenix, Arizona, house band J. David Sloan and the Rogues. He invited the Rogues for the event, and Lovett was encouraged by band members Ray Herndon and Matt Rollings to sit in with the group, which did some of his songs. They opened his eyes to what his songs could sound like with proper backing; Lovett had never sung with a band before. Sloan and band member Billy Williams offered Lovett a deal on studio time, first day free. In 1984 Lovett took them up on the offer. After several stays in Arizona over that summer he recorded 18 songs. The demo tape of the first four songs led to his first record deal; ten of those songs, recorded with the Rogues, became Lovett's self-titled debut album. He made many longtime contacts in Arizona during that time.  Several of the Rogue players, Herndon, Matt McKenzie, Rollings, and Williams, went on to play in his band. Williams produced or co-produced several of his albums from 1987 to 2007. Through them he met Francine Reed, who began recording with him in 1985 and toured with him for decades.  In 2022, reliving his Phoenix connection:It led to a demo tape, an album and now, this rolling Thanksgiving tour...It's all because of running into this band in Luxembourg. That's a long way to get to Phoenix from Texas. It's a lot shorter if you just do I–10
He signed with MCA Records in 1986 and released his eponymous debut album. He sang harmony vocals on Nanci Griffith's The Last of the True Believers album (1986). While typically associated with the country genre, Lovett's compositions often incorporate folk, swing, blues, jazz and gospel music as well as more traditional country & western styling. He has won four Grammy Awards, including Best Country Album (1996 for The Road to Ensenada), Best Country Duo/Group with Vocal (1994 for "Blues For Dixie" with the Texas swing group Asleep at the Wheel), Best Pop Vocal Collaboration (1994 for "Funny How Time Slips Away" with Al Green) and Best Country Male Vocal (1989 for Lyle Lovett and His Large Band). In 1995, Lovett performed a duet of "You've Got a Friend in Me" with Randy Newman for Toy Story. He plays Collings acoustic guitars.
Lovett has acted in a number of films, notably four for director Robert Altman: The Player (1992), Short Cuts (1993), Prêt-à-Porter (1994), and Cookie's Fortune (1999). He also composed the score for the director's Dr. T & the Women (2000).  Some of his other film roles include Bastard Out Of Carolina (1996), The New Guy (2002), Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story (2007), and a humorous role in Angels Sing, a family Christmas movie (alongside fellow actors and musicians such as Harry Connick, Jr., Connie Britton, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson). His television acting forays include guest roles on Mad About You and Castle, a recurring role on The Bridge (as Flagman, a lawyer), and appearances as himself on Dharma & Greg and Brothers & Sisters.
Mary Chapin Carpenter's 1992 song "I Feel Lucky" makes reference to Lovett, as does Bloodhound Gang's 1999 song "The Bad Touch", which includes the lyric, "and you'll Lovett just like Lyle."
Lovett was given an award called an "Esky" for Surest Thing in Esquire's 2006 Esky Music Awards in the April issue. The magazine said of Lovett: "The secret of Lyle Lovett's endurance comes down to the three C's: class, charisma and consistency... In the studio and on stage with his giant orchestra, he's spent two decades gracefully matching genuine songcraft with A-list musicianship".
In 2010, Lovett appeared on an episode of Spectacle: Elvis Costello with... that also featured John Prine and Ray LaMontagne.
In 2011, Lovett was named Texas State Artist Musician by the Texas Commission on the Arts.Lovett contributed a cover of Buddy Holly's "Well... All Right" for the tribute album Listen to Me: Buddy Holly, released on September 6, 2011.
On October 24, 2019, Lovett was inducted into the Austin City Limits Hall of Fame.
In 2022, he released his first album since 2012, 12th of June.

 Personal life 
Lovett married actress Julia Roberts after meeting her on the set of The Player. Following a three-week romance, they eloped and married in June 1993 in Marion, Indiana. In March 1995, they divorced after less than two years of marriage. People magazine reported that the breakup was caused by career demands. They remained friends afterwards.On March 28, 2002, Lovett was trapped by a bull against a fence on his uncle's farm in Klein, Texas, before being pulled to safety. He fully recovered after six months from a badly broken leg, and he began touring again in summer 2003.
Lovett was conferred an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters by the University of Houston on May 15, 2010, at its general commencement ceremony. His mother was in the audience as her son was presented with an honorary doctorate from the same university from which she had received her bachelor's degree in 1960. His father was also a graduate of the Gerald D. Hines College of Architecture of the University of Houston.In 2015, Lovett received the Distinguished Alumnus Award from Texas A&M University.
Lovett is also a horse enthusiast and co-owns and competes in reining competitions with world class Quarter Horse, Smart and Shiney. In 2012, Lovett was inducted into the Texas Cowboy Hall of Fame. In 2018, he was awarded the National Reining Horse Association Lifetime Achievement Award in the National Reining Horse Association Hall of Fame.

 Discography 

Lyle Lovett (1986)
Pontiac (1987)
Lyle Lovett and His Large Band (1989)
Joshua Judges Ruth (1992)
I Love Everybody (1994)
The Road to Ensenada (1996)
Step Inside This House (1998)
Live in Texas (1999)
My Baby Don't Tolerate (2003)
It's Not Big It's Large (2007)
Natural Forces (2009)
Release Me (2012)
12th of June (2022)

 Filmography 

 Musician 
Still Alice (2014) — song performer "If I Had A Boat"; songwriter for Karen Elson's performance of same
The Bridge (TV series, 2014)
True Blood (TV series, episode "I Will Rise Up", 2009) — song performer "I Will Rise Up"
Walk Hard (2007) — song performer "Walk Hard"
Deadwood (TV series, episode "Bullock Returns to the Camp", 2005) — song performer "Old Friend" (1994)
The Exonerated (TV movie, 2005) — song performer "Amazing Grace"
The Interpreter (2005) — song performer "If I Had a Boat"
61* (TV movie, 2001) — song performer "Nobody Knows Me"
All Over the Guy (2001) — song performer and composer "She Makes Me Feel Good" and "The Blues Walk"
Dr. T & the Women (2000) — Song performer and composer and also used a recording of "You've Been So Good Up to Now" (1992), "She's Already Made Up Her Mind" (1992), "Ain't It Something" (1994)
For Love of the Game (1999) — song performer "Summer Wind"
Stuart Little (1999) — song performer "Walking Tall"
Mumford (1999) — song performer "Ballad of the Snow Leopard and The Tanqueray Cowboy", "Till It Shines"
Clay Pigeons (1998) — song performer "Teach Me About Love"
Hope Floats (1998) — song performer "Smile"
The Apostle (1997) — song performer "(I'm a) Soldier in the Army of the Lord"
Toy Story (1995) — song performer "You've Got a Friend in Me" with Randy Newman as the lead vocals.
Beverly Hills, 90210 (TV series, episode "One Wedding and A Funeral", 1995) — song performer "Nobody Knows Me"
Quiz Show (1994) — song performer "Moritat" by Kurt Weill
With Honors (1994) — song performer "Blue Skies"
Major League II (1994) — song performer and composer "All My Love Is Gone"
The Firm (1993) — song performer "M-O-N-E-Y"
Leap of Faith (1992) — song performer "Pass Me Not"
The Crying Game (1992) — song performer "Stand By Your Man"
Major League (1989) — song performer "Cryin' Shame"
Always (1989) — song performer "Cowboy Man"

 Actor 

 Theatre 

 Actor 
Much Ado About Nothing (The Shakespeare Center of Los Angeles, 2010) – Balthazar

 Composer 
Much Ado About Nothing (The Shakespeare Center of Los Angeles, 2010)

 Honors 

 Grammy Awards 
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Lovett has won four awards from 17 nominations.

 Citations 

 Sources 
Oermann, Robert K. (1998). "Lyle Lovett". In The Encyclopedia of Country Music. Paul Kingsbury, Editor. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 307.
Pullen, Doug (August 1, 2008). "Through fame, fortune and marriage to Julia Roberts, Texan Lyle Lovett has stayed true to his roots". El Paso Times. Retrieved August 1, 2008.

 External links 

Official Lyle Lovett Website
Lyle Lovett at Lost Highway Records
Lyle Lovett at IMDb
Lyle Lovett on Charlie Rose
Lyle Lovett collected news and commentary at The New York Times
"Lovett charges ahead with his career" – USA Today, May 10, 2002.
"Homeboy", by Alec Wilkinson, The New Yorker, February 1, 2004.
"The Thinking Man's Cowboy", by Matt Dellinger, The New Yorker, February 23, 2004.

X-Men
The X-Men are a superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by artist/co-writer Jack Kirby and editor/co-writer Stan Lee, the team first appeared in The X-Men #1 (September 1963). Although initially cancelled in 1970 due to low sales, following its 1975 revival and subsequent direction under writer Chris Claremont, it became one of the most recognizable and successful franchises of Marvel Comics. They have appeared in numerous books, television shows, the Disney's 20th Century Studios X-Men films, and video games. The X-Men title may refer to the superhero team itself, the eponymous comic series, or the broader franchise including various solo titles and team books such as the New Mutants, Excalibur, and X-Force.
In the Marvel Universe, mutants are humans who are born with a genetic trait called the X-gene which grants them natural superhuman abilities, generally manifesting during puberty. Due to their differences from the majority of humanity, mutants are subject to prejudice and discrimination; many X-Men stories feature social commentary on bigotry, justice, and other political themes. The X-Men have fought against a variety of enemies, including villainous mutants, human bigots, supervillains, mystical threats, extraterrestrials, and malevolent artificial intelligence. In most iterations of the team, they are led by their founder Charles "Professor X" Xavier, a powerful telepath who runs a school for mutant children out of his mansion in Westchester, New York, which secretly is also the headquarters of the X-Men. Their stories have frequently involved Magneto, a powerful mutant with control over magnetic fields, who is depicted as an old friend of and foil to Xavier, variously acting as an adversary or as an ally.

 Background and creation 
In 1963, with the success of Spider-Man, the Hulk, Thor, Iron Man, and the Fantastic Four, co-creator Stan Lee wanted to create another group of superheroes but did not want to have to explain how they got their powers. In 2004, Lee recalled, "I couldn't have everybody bitten by a radioactive spider or exposed to a gamma ray explosion. And I took the cowardly way out. I said to myself, 'Why don't I just say they're mutants? They are born that way.'"In a 1987 interview, Kirby said:

The X-Men, I did the natural thing there. What would you do with mutants who were just plain boys and girls and certainly not dangerous? You school them. You develop their skills. So I gave them a teacher, Professor X. Of course, it was the natural thing to do, instead of disorienting or alienating people who were different from us, I made the X-Men part of the human race, which they were. Possibly, radiation, if it is beneficial, may create mutants that'll save us instead of doing us harm. I felt that if we train the mutants our way, they'll help us – and not only help us, but achieve a measure of growth in their own sense. And so, we could all live together.
Lee devised the series title after Marvel publisher Martin Goodman turned down the initial name, "The Mutants," stating that readers would not know what a "mutant" was.Within the Marvel Universe, the X-Men are widely regarded to have been named after Professor Xavier himself. The original explanation for the name, as provided by Xavier in The X-Men #1 (1963), is that mutants "possess an extra power ... one which ordinary humans do not!! That is why I call my students ... X-Men, for EX-tra power!"DC Comics's Doom Patrol, which debuted several months before X-Men, was suspected by its creator Arnold Drake and its fans of having had the basic concept copied to a great degree – including a wheel-chair using leader – by Marvel Comics to create the X-Men. Other fans also speculate that Doom Patrol share similarities with another Marvel superhero team that preceded them, the Fantastic Four.

 Publication history 

 Original run 
Early X-Men issues introduced the original team composed of Cyclops, Marvel Girl, Beast, Angel, and Iceman, along with their archenemy Magneto and his Brotherhood of Evil Mutants featuring Mastermind, Quicksilver,  Scarlet Witch, and Toad. The comic focused on a common human theme of good versus evil and later included storylines and themes about prejudice and racism, all of which have persisted throughout the series in one form or another. The evil side in the fight was shown in human form and under some sympathetic beginnings via Magneto, a character who was later revealed to have survived Nazi concentration camps only to pursue a hatred for normal humanity. His key followers, Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch, were Romani. Only one new member of the X-Men was added, Mimic/Calvin Rankin, but soon left due to his temporary loss of power.The title lagged in sales behind Marvel's other comic franchises. In 1969, writer Roy Thomas and illustrator Neal Adams rejuvenated the comic book and gave regular roles to two recently introduced characters: Alex "Havok" Summers (Cyclops' brother, who had been introduced by Roy Thomas before Adams began work on the comic) and Lorna Dane, later called Polaris (created by Arnold Drake and Jim Steranko). However, these later X-Men issues failed to attract sales and Marvel stopped producing new stories with issue #66, later reprinting a number of the older comics as issues #67–93.

 Claremont Era 
In Giant-Size X-Men #1 (1975), writer Len Wein and artist Dave Cockrum introduced a new team that starred in a revival of The X-Men, beginning with issue #94. This new team replaced the previous members with the exception of Cyclops, who remained. This team differed greatly from the original. Unlike in the early issues of the original series, the new team was not made up of teenagers and they also had a more diverse background. Marvel's corporate owners, Cadence Industries, had suggested the new team should be international, feeling it needed characters with "foreign appeal". So each character was from a different country with varying cultural and philosophical beliefs, and all were already well-versed in using their mutant powers, several being experienced in combat.
The "all-new, all-different X-Men" were led by Cyclops, from the original team, and consisted of the newly created Colossus (from the Soviet Union/Russia), Nightcrawler (from West Germany/Germany), Storm (from Kenya), and Thunderbird (a Native American of Apache descent), and three previously introduced characters: Banshee (from Ireland), Sunfire (from Japan), and Wolverine (from Canada). Wolverine eventually became the breakout character on the team and, in terms of comic sales and appearances, the most popular X-Men character, even getting his own solo title. However, this team would not remain whole for long; Sunfire, who never really accepted the other members, quit shortly after their first mission, and Thunderbird died on the next. Filling in the vacancy, a revamped Jean Grey soon rejoined the X-Men under her new persona of "Phoenix". Angel, Beast, Iceman, Havok, and Polaris also made significant guest appearances.
The revived series was illustrated by Cockrum, and later by John Byrne, and written by Chris Claremont. Claremont became the series' longest-running contributor. The run met with critical acclaim and produced such landmark storylines as the death of Thunderbird, the emergence of Phoenix, the saga of the Starjammers and the M'Kraan Crystal, the introduction of Alpha Flight and the Proteus saga. Other characters introduced during this time include Amanda Sefton, Mystique, and Moira MacTaggert, with her genetic research facility on Muir Island.
The 1980s began with the comic's best-known story arc, the Dark Phoenix Saga, which saw Phoenix manipulated by the illusionist Mastermind and becoming corrupted with an overwhelming lust for power and destruction as the evil Dark Phoenix. Other important storylines included Days of Future Past, the saga of Deathbird and the Brood, the discovery of the Morlocks, the invasion of the Dire Wraiths and The Trial of Magneto!, as well as X-Men: God Loves, Man Kills, the partial inspiration for 20th Century Fox's movie X2: X-Men United, which was released on May 2, 2003.
By the early 1980s, X-Men was Marvel's top-selling comic title. Its sales were such that distributors and retailers began using an "X-Men index", rating each comic book publication by how many orders it garnered compared to that month's issue of X-Men. The growing popularity of Uncanny X-Men and the rise of comic book specialty stores led to the introduction of a number of ongoing spin-off series nicknamed "X-Books." The first of these was The New Mutants, soon followed by Alpha Flight, X-Factor, Excalibur, and a solo Wolverine title. When Claremont conceived a story arc, the Mutant Massacre, which was too long to run in the monthly X-Men, editor Louise Simonson decided to have it overlap into several X-Books. The story was a major financial success, and when the later Fall of the Mutants was similarly successful, the marketing department declared that the X-Men lineup would hold such crossovers annually.Throughout the decade, Uncanny X-Men was written solely by Chris Claremont, and illustrated for long runs by John Byrne, Dave Cockrum, Paul Smith, John Romita Jr., and Marc Silvestri. Additions to the X-Men during this time were Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat, Rogue, Jean Grey/Phoenix, Psylocke, Dazzler, Longshot, Jubilee, Forge and Gambit. In a controversial move, Professor X relocated to outer space to be with Lilandra Neramani, Majestrix of the Shi'ar Empire, in 1986. Magneto then joined the X-Men in Xavier's place and became the director of the New Mutants. This period also included the emergence of the Hellfire Club, the arrival of the mysterious Madelyne Pryor, and the villains Apocalypse, Mister Sinister, Mojo, and Sabretooth.

X-Men
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 1 (flagship) – a team of young mutants with superhuman abilities led and taught by Professor X (1963–1970); the team expanded when Xavier recruited mutants from around the world (1975–1985); a reformed Magneto became the headmaster after Xavier had left Earth (1985–1988); the team later relocated to the Australian Outback after the events of The Fall of the Mutants (1988–1989); after the X-Men is disassembled, the team reformed to fight the mutant-rights abuse of Genosha (1991).
X-Factor, vol. 1 – the Original Five set up a business advertised as mutant-hunters for hire, and secretly trained the captured mutants to control their powers and reintegrate them into society (1986–1991).
Excalibur, vol. 1 – Nightcrawler, Shadowcat and Rachel Grey teamed up with Captain Britain and Meggan to form a group of mutants based in Europe after the apparent death of the X-Men during The Fall of the Mutants (1988–1992).
X-Men in Training
New Mutants, vol. 1 – a group of teenaged students of the School for Gifted Youngsters gathered by Professor X
Other Teams
Alpha Flight, vol. 1 – Canada's premiere team of super-heroes organized under the auspices of the Canadian government's Department H.

 Blue and Gold 
In 1991, Marvel revised the entire lineup of X-Men comic book titles, centered on the launch of a second X-Men series, simply titled X-Men. With the return of Xavier and the original X-Men to the team, the roster was split into two strike forces: Cyclops's "Blue Team" (chronicled in X-Men) and Storm's "Gold Team" (in The Uncanny X-Men).
The first issues of the second X-Men series were written by Claremont and drawn and co-plotted by Jim Lee. Retailers pre-ordered over 8.1 million copies of issue #1, generating and selling nearly $7 million (though retailers probably sold closer to 3 million copies), making it, according to Guinness Book of World Records, the best-selling comic book of all-time. Guinness presented honors to Claremont at the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con.Another new X-book released at the time was X-Force, featuring the characters from The New Mutants, led by Cable; it was written by Rob Liefeld and Fabian Nicieza. Internal friction soon split the X-books' creative teams. In a controversial move, X-Men editor Bob Harras sided with Lee (and Uncanny X-Men artist Whilce Portacio) over Claremont in a dispute over plotting. Claremont left after only three issues of X-Men, ending his 16-year run as X-Men writer. Marvel replaced Claremont briefly with John Byrne, who scripted both books for a few issues. Byrne was then replaced by Nicieza and Scott Lobdell, who would take over the majority of writing duties for the X-Men until Lee's own departure months later when he and several other popular artists (including former X-title artists Liefeld, Portacio, and Marc Silvestri) would leave Marvel to form Image Comics. Jim Lee's X-Men designs would be the basis for much of the X-Men animated series and action figure line as well as several Capcom video games.
The 1990s saw an even greater number of X-books with numerous ongoing series and miniseries running concurrently. X-book crossovers continued to run annually, with "The X-Tinction Agenda" in 1990, "The Muir Island Saga" in 1991, "X-Cutioner's Song" in 1992, "Fatal Attractions" in 1993, "Phalanx Covenant" in 1994, "Legion Quest"/"Age of Apocalypse" in 1995, "Onslaught" in 1996, "Operation: Zero Tolerance" in 1997, "Hunt for Xavier" in 1998, "The Magneto War" in 1999, "Apocalypse: The Twelve" / "Ages of Apocalypse" in 2000 and "Eve of Destruction" in 2001. Though the frequent crossovers were criticized by fans as well as editorial and creative staff for being artificially regular, disruptive to the direction of the individual series, and having far less lasting impact than promised, they continued to be financially successful.There were many additions to the X-Men in the 1990s, including Gambit, Cable, and Bishop. Gambit became one of the most popular X-Men, rivaling even Wolverine in size of fanbase after his debut in Uncanny X-Men #266 (Aug. 1990). Many of the later additions to the team came and went, such as Joseph, Maggott, Marrow, Cecilia Reyes, and a new Thunderbird. Xavier's New Mutants grew up and became X-Force, and the next generation of students began with Generation X, featuring Jubilee and other teenage mutants led and schooled by Banshee and ex-villainess Emma Frost at her Massachusetts Academy. In 1998, Excalibur and X-Factor ended and the latter was replaced with Mutant X, starring Havok stranded in a parallel universe. Marvel launched a number of solo series, including Deadpool, Cable, Bishop, X-Man, Gambit, Maverick, Rogue, Storm, Magneto, Beast, Domino, Warlock, Magik, Iceman and Sabretooth, but few of the series would survive the decade.

X-Men
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 1 (flagship) – initially featured the Gold Team strike force led by Storm (1991–1995); later featured a team of X-Men recruited by Gladiator to defend the Shi'ar Empire against the Phalanx (1997); the Gold and Blue strike force merged to face new threats including Onslaught, Dark Beast, Shadow King and Magneto (1997–2000); later featured a squad led by Gambit during the Revolution revamp (2000–2001). The title is replaced by Astonishing X-Men during the Age of Apocalypse event.
X-Men, vol. 2 – initially featured the Blue Team strike force led by Cyclops (1991–1995); later featured a new core group consisting of Cannonball, Cyclops, Jean Grey, Storm and Wolverine took on Sebastian Shaw and Bastion during the events of Operation: Zero Tolerance (1997); members of the Excalibur team joined the combined Gold and Blue strike force (1997–2000); later featured a squad led by Rogue during the Revolution revamp (2000–2001). The title is replaced by Amazing X-Men during the Age of Apocalypse event.
X-Force, vol. 1 – Cable re-organized the New Mutants into the para-military mutant strike team (1991–1995); the team move in with the X-Men at the X-Mansion and effectively become the X-Men's junior team (1995–1997); the team later move to San Francisco to set up a new headquarter (1997–2001); the team becomes a covert ops superhero team under the leadership of Pete Wisdom during the Revolution revamp (2001). The title is replaced by Gambit & the X-Ternals during the Age of Apocalypse event.
X-Men in Training
Generation X, vol. 1 – students at the Massachusetts Academy mentored by Banshee and the former villain White Queen (1994–2001). The title is replaced by Generation Next during the Age of Apocalypse event.
Other Teams
X-Factor, vol. 1 – the new team worked for the Pentagon replacing Freedom Force as the government-sponsored team (1991–1997); Forge later leads the mutant team as an underground government strike force (1997–1998). The title is replaced by Factor X during the Age of Apocalypse event.
Excalibur, vol. 1 – the British team expanded and stays with Moira, making Muir Island their new base (1992–1998). The title is replaced by X-Calibre during the Age of Apocalypse event.
Alpha Flight, vol. 2 – A new team formed by the reinstated Department H which is involved in clandestine and criminal activities.

 Morrison Era 
In 2000, Claremont returned to Marvel and was put back on the primary X-Men titles during the Revolution revamp. He was later removed from the titles in 2001 and created his spin-off series, X-Treme X-Men. X-Men had its title changed to New X-Men and writer Grant Morrison took over. The book is often referred to as the Morrison-era, due to the drastic changes they made, beginning with "E Is For Extinction", where a new villain, Cassandra Nova, destroys Genosha, killing sixteen million mutants. Morrison also brought reformed ex-villain Emma Frost into the primary X-Men team, and opened the doors of the school by having Xavier "out" himself to the public about being a mutant. The bright spandex costumes that had become iconic over the previous decades were replaced by black leather street clothes reminiscent of the uniforms of the X-Men films. Morrison also introduced Xorn, who would figure prominently in the climax of his run. Ultimate X-Men set in Marvel's revised imprint was also launched, while Chuck Austen began his controversial run on Uncanny X-Men.
Several short-lived spin-offs and miniseries started featuring several X-Men in solo series, such as Emma Frost, Mystique, Cyclops, Iceman, Blink, Chamber, Mekanix (featuring Kitty Pryde), and Nightcrawler. Many of the second-tier X-books were relaunched with new titles: Cable became Soldier X and Deadpool became Agent X.
A new series titled X-Statix spawns from and replaces X-Force; it is a series that explores the crossroads between heroism and being a celebrity, and how being a mutant is only acceptable as a medium of disposable entertainment. It was known best for being a series that killed most of the introduced cast and having one of the highest team turnover rates for a superhero comic. The most prominent member to come out of X-Statix was Doop who is a green glob reminiscent of Slimer from Ghost Busters.
Another series, Exiles, started at the same time and concluded in December 2007 which led to New Exiles in January 2008 written by Claremont.
Notable additions to the X-Men have been Emma Frost, Danielle Moonstar, Husk and Northstar while former villain Juggernaut became member of the X-Men. Notable story arcs of this era are "E Is For Extinction" (2001), "Planet X" and "Here Comes Tomorrow".

X-Men
New X-Men, vol. 1 (flagship) – The X-Men took in dozens of students expanding the school from a training center to a legitimate school (2001–2004).
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 1 – Nightcrawler and Angel co-lead the X-Men's primary field team to face new threat (2001–2004).
X-Treme X-Men, vol. 1 – Storm formed a globe-trotting team to hunt down missing copies of the Destiny's Diaries (2001–2004).
X-Men in Training
New Mutants, vol. 2 – features a new group of teenage mutants attending the Xavier Institute.
Other Teams
Exiles, vol. 1 – a revolving team roster from different realities, which have been removed from time and space, employed by the Timebroker to fix broken realities.
X-Statix – featured a group of young mutants marketed to be media superstars.
NYX – featured a group of teenage mutants as they attempt to survive on the streets of New York City.
Weapon X, vol. 2 – featured The Underground, a group assembled by Cable to oppose the activities of the third installment of the Weapon X Project.

 X-Men ReLoad 
X-Men ReLoad was the name given by Marvel Comics to their May 2004 revamp of the X-Men titles, including new visual designs for the characters. The revamp was prompted by Grant Morrison's departure from New X-Men. As a result of the revamp, Chris Claremont moved from writing X-Treme X-Men to writing Uncanny X-Men, with Alan Davis doing the art. Chuck Austen moved from writing Uncanny X-Men to New X-Men, which returned to its old name of simply X-Men, with Salvador Larroca, who had been working with him on Uncanny X-Men doing the art. Finally, Joss Whedon entered as the writer of the new title Astonishing X-Men, with John Cassaday as artist. X-Treme X-Men was cancelled. X-Statix ended in October 2004. Also, the X-Men returned to more traditional (if not slightly revised) costumes, as opposed to the black leather uniforms from the movies. New X-Men: Academy X was also launched focusing on the lives of the new young mutants at the institute. This period included the resurrections of Colossus and Psylocke, a new death for Jean Grey, who later returned temporarily in the X-Men: Phoenix - Endsong, as well as Emma Frost becoming the new headmistress of the institute. The institute, formerly run as a school (until the depowering of 98% of the mutant population), served as a safe haven to mutants who are still powered.Several short-lived spin-offs and miniseries started featuring several X-Men in solo series, such as Nightcrawler, Jubilee, Madrox, X-23, Gambit and Rogue. Cable and Deadpool's books were merged into one book, Cable & Deadpool.
Notable additions to the X-Men have been Armor, Pixie and Warpath, while former villains such as Lady Mastermind, Mystique, and Sabretooth became members of the X-Men. Notable story arcs of this decade are "Gifted" (2004), "House of M" (2005), "Deadly Genesis" (2005–2006), "Decimation" (2006) and "Endangered Species" (2007). The X-Men were also involved in the "Civil War" and "World War Hulk" storylines.

X-Men
Astonishing X-Men, vol. 3 (flagship) – Cyclops leads the team of X-Men and they start presenting themselves as superheroes again.
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 1 – Storm and her team continued operating as officially sanctioned mutant law enforcers (2004–2006); post Deadly Genesis, it featured Xavier taking a team to space to hunt Vulcan when he seeks vengeance on the Shi'ar Empire (2006–2007); the team returned to Earth to fight a group of rogue Morlocks (2007).
X-Men, vol. 2 – Havok led a new field team consisting of Polaris, Iceman, Rogue, Gambit, Wolverine and Juggernaut (2004–2006); later featured Rogue assembling a rapid response team featuring the most dangerous X-Men former villains (2006–2007).
X-Men in Training
New X-Men: Academy X – the school is rebuilt after Xorn's attack and Emma Frost and Cyclops are named headmasters, organizing the student body into different squad who train together.
New X-Men, vol. 2 – After House of M and Decimation, Emma Frost disbanded all former training squads and integrated those students she deemed capable of combat to a new team.
Other Teams
Excalibur, vol. 3 – Professor X and Magneto formed a team to rebuild the devastated mutant nation of Genosha.
X-Factor, vol. 3 – a mutant detective agency founded by Madrox based on Mutant Town.
New Excalibur – After Decimation, Captain Britain brings together a new team of Excalibur as the British government decided to become more pro-active with metahuman affairs.
District X – Bishop is assigned to the Mutant Town to investigate rising crime rates.
X-Force, vol. 2 – Cable re-assembles the team in order to stop an immortal creature called Skornn.
Weapon X, vol. 2 – featured Wolverine, Fantomex and Agent Zero quest to find the recently revived John Sublime.
Exiles, vol. 1 – the team learned the true nature of the Timebroker and later traveled through different realities to chase Proteus.
Alpha Flight, vol. 3 – Sasquatch recruits novice Canadian heroes to rescue the members kidnapped by the Plodex.

 Messiah Trilogy 
In 2007, the "Messiah Complex" storyline saw the destruction of the Xavier Institute and the disbanding of the X-Men. It spun the new volumes of X-Force, following the team led by Wolverine, and Cable, following Cable's attempts at protecting Hope Summers. X-Men was renamed into X-Men: Legacy which focused on Professor X, Rogue and Gambit. Under Cyclops's leadership, the X-Men later reformed in Uncanny X-Men #500, with their new base located in San Francisco.In 2009, "Messiah War," written by Craig Kyle and Chris Yost to serve as the second part in the trilogy that began with "Messiah Complex," was released. Utopia, written by Matt Fraction, was a crossover of Dark Avengers and Uncanny X-Men that served as a part of the "Dark Reign" storyline. A new New Mutants volume written by Zeb Wells, which featured the more prominent members of the original team reunited, was launched. Magneto joined the X-Men during the Nation X storyline to the dismay of other members of the X-Men, such as Beast, who left the team. Magneto began to work with Namor to transform Utopia into a homeland for both mutants and Atlanteans. After the conclusion of Utopia, Rogue became the main character of X-Men: Legacy.
In 2010, "Second Coming" concluded the plot threads on Messiah Complex and Messiah War.
Several short-lived miniseries started featuring several X-Men in solo series, such as Daken, Cable, Psylocke, Namor: The First Mutant and X-23.
Notable additions to the X-Men have been Pixie, Karma, Sunspot, Magma, Magik, Namor, Domino, Boom Boom, Fantomex and X-23. Other notable story arcs of this era are "Divided We Stand" (2008), "Manifest Destiny" (2008–2009), "X-Infernus", "Utopia" (2009), "Nation X" (2009–2010), "Necrosha" (2009), "Curse of the Mutants" (2010–2011), and "Age of X" (2011). The X-Men were also involved in the "Secret Invasion", "War of Kings", "Siege", "Chaos War" and "Fear Itself" storylines.

X-Men
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 1 (flagship) – The X-Men open their new base in San Francisco and invite the world's mutant to join them (2008–2009); Cyclops later decided to move the mutant population to Utopia and off U.S. soil to avoid further persecution by the government (2009–2011).
X-Men Legacy, vol. 1 – featured Professor X's road to recovery as well as the encounters he faced during Messiah CompleX (2008–2009); later featured Rogue as mentor to the younger mutants under the protection of the X-Men on Utopia (2009–2011).
New Mutants, vol. 3 – the original team is reunited to form a new field team for the X-Men.
Astonishing X-Men, vol. 3 – the X-Men serve as protectors of San Francisco City.
X-Men, vol. 3 – featured team-ups between characters of X-Men and other superheroes such as Blade, Spider-Man, Ghost Rider and the Future Foundation.
X-Men in Training
Young X-Men – a group of young mutants tricked by Donald Pierce disguised as Cyclops.
Generation Hope – Hope leads a new team, consisting of five new mutants ("five lights") that appeared on Cerebro after she manifested her powers.
Other Teams
X-Force, vol. 3 – Wolverine leads a more militaristic black-ops branch of the X-Men.
X-Factor, vol. 3 – the agency briefly moved to Detroit, Michigan and expanded to include several new partners.
Dark X-Men – Norman Osborn formed his own group of X-Men during the riots at San Francisco.
Alpha Flight, vol. 4 – the Canadian team provides rescue efforts for the victims during the events of Fear Itself.
Exiles, vol. 2 – a new team of heroes are brought together by Morph, acting as the new Timebroker.

 "Schism" through "Regenesis" 
In 2011, the aftermath of the "X-Men: Schism" storyline led to the fallout between Wolverine and Cyclops. During the "Regenesis" storyline, Wolverine's team was featured in a new flagship series titled Wolverine and the X-Men, Wolverine rebuilt the original X-Mansion and named it the Jean Grey School for Higher Learning. Meanwhile, Uncanny X-Men relaunched for the first time ever and served as the flagship title for Cyclops' Team. In 2012 "Avengers vs. X-Men" served as a closure to the "House of M" and "Decimation" storylines. It featured the death of Professor X and the reappearance of new mutants after the return of the Phoenix Force.Several short-lived miniseries started featuring several X-Men in solo series, such as Storm, Gambit and Magneto: Not a Hero (featuring Magneto and Joseph).
Notable additions to the X-Men have been Warbird and Blink. The "Avengers vs. X-Men" storyline also took place during this period.

Cyclops' X-Men
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 2 – the flagship of the Cyclops' team with the Extinction Team dealing with potential threats to mutantkind's survival.
X-Men, vol. 3 – Storm's field team operating from an aeroplane to neutralize threats before reaching crisis levels.
New Mutants, vol. 3 – Cyclops tasked the New Mutants as a clean-up team to resolve loose ends.
Generation Hope – a rapid response team locating new lights as they manifested with Rogue and later Shadowcat serving as liaison
Wolverine's X-Men
Wolverine and the X-Men, vol. 1 – the flagship of the Wolverine's team featuring the faculty and student of the Jean Grey School for Higher Learning.
X-Men Legacy, vol. 1 – Rogue leads a team acting as the school's security detail
Astonishing X-Men, vol. 3 – Wolverine's field team forming after the attack of the Marauders.
X-Men in Training
Wolverine and the X-Men (also served as the flagship title)
Other Teams
Uncanny X-Force, vol. 1 – a black ops team led by Wolverine with members from the previous strike force.
X-Factor, vol. 3 – Havok stepped back in to co-lead with Polaris after the disappearance of Madrox.
X-Treme X-Men, vol. 2 – a group of heroes from alternate dimensions led by Dazzler to defeat the Ten Evil Xaviers.
X-Club – the X-Men's Science Team dealing with the mutant birth crisis and the effects of M-Day.
Age of Apocalypse – featured the X-Terminated, human resistance fighters banded together to save the human race by taking out Weapon X and his new mutant regime.

 Time-Displaced Original X-Men 
In 2012, as part of the Marvel NOW! relaunch, all X-Men titles (except Astonishing X-Men & Wolverine and the X-Men) were canceled, including Uncanny X-Men, X-Men: Legacy, X-Men and New Mutants. New flagship title All-New X-Men was launched which featured the original five X-Men members who were brought to the present day by Beast and were made a separate team led eventually by Kitty. The relaunched Uncanny X-Men featured Cyclops, his team and the new mutants, taking up residency in the Weapon X facility, which they have rebuilt into a school — the New Charles Xavier School for Mutants. An all female book titled simply X-Men was also launched. During All-New Marvel Now!, Astonishing X-Men was cancelled and in its place another flagship title Amazing X-Men was launched which featured the return of Nightcrawler and became the flagship title of Wolverine's team. Also, Wolverine and the X-Men was relaunched and turned into mutants-in-training book. In 2013, for the 50th anniversary of the X-Men, "Battle of the Atom" was published which involved members of both X-Men schools trying to decide what to do about the time-displaced original X-Men, culminating in a confrontation with a version of the Brotherhood and the X-Men from an unspecified future date. In 2014, Wolverine was killed off in the "Death of Wolverine" story arc, as the conclusion of a storyline that saw him lose his healing factor after he was infected by an intelligent virus.
Several short-lived miniseries started featuring several X-Men in solo series, such as X-Men Legacy (featuring Legion), Cyclops, Magneto, Nightcrawler, Storm and All-New Doop.
Notable additions to the X-Men have been Firestar and M. Notable story arcs of this era are "Battle of the Atom" (2013), "X-Termination" (2013), "Death of Wolverine" (2014), "AXIS" (2014) and "The Black Vortex" (2015).

Cyclops' X-Men
All-New X-Men, vol. 1 – the flagship of the X-titles with the original X-Men brought from the past to the present to confront their future counterparts.
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 3 – the flagship of the Cyclops' team with Cyclops and the remnants of his Extinction team taking up a revolutionary course to promote mutant rights.
Wolverine's X-Men
Amazing X-Men, vol. 2 – the flagship of the Wolverine's team featuring a field team with initial mission to search for the deceased Nightcrawler.
X-Men, vol. 4 – an all-female team dealing with new threats from Arkea and a new Sisterhood.
X-Men in Training
Wolverine and the X-Men, vol. 2 – the summer term on the Jean Grey School that focused on Logan's legacy on his students Quentin Quire, Evan Sabahnur and Idie Okonkwo.
Spider-Man and the X-Men – Spider-Man leads a Special Class to investigate the students as requested by Wolverine before his demise.
Other Teams
Cable and X-Force – a fugitive team led by Cable to face the threats that he saw in his visions.
Uncanny X-Force, vol. 2 – a proactive team of misfit X-Men led by Psylocke.
All-New X-Factor – a corporate-sponsored X-Factor team hired by Serval Industries.
X-Force, vol. 4 – the remnants of Cable's X-Force and Psylocke's X-Force merge to form a superhuman black ops.
Wolverines – a group of mutants with healing factor are captured by the Paradise escapees to help them find the adamantium-petrified body of Wolverine.

 Terrigen Cloud 
In 2015, as part of "All-New, All-Different Marvel", three team books were launched: the second volume of All-New X-Men, the fourth volume of Uncanny X-Men and Extraordinary X-Men. X-23 took on the mantle of Wolverine and got a new solo series and Old Man Logan also received a new ongoing series when the character found himself in (from his perspective) an alternate past. During this period, the mutants dealt with the threat of the Terrigen cloud that circulated the world and appeared to be toxic to them, placing the X-Men at odds with the Inhumans. The X-Men also dealt with Apocalypse resurfacing, and the truth of what happened between Cyclops and the Inhumans that led to his death. Storm's team resided in Limbo and worked to bring mutants to safety away from the Terrigen. Magneto's team took on a more militant approach. Beast worked alongside the Inhumans to attempt to find a way to alter the state of the Terrigen, but later discovered that it couldn't be altered and would have rendered Earth toxic for mutants. This revelation caused the X-Men to declare war against the Inhumans, but this conflict ended when the Inhumans learned what was happening, with Medusa sacrificing the Terrigen cloud to save the mutants.
Notable additions to the X-Men have been Old Man Logan and Cerebra. Notable story arcs of this era are "Apocalypse Wars" (2016), "Death of X" (2016) and "Inhumans vs. X-Men" (2016–2017). The X-Men were also involved in the "Civil War II" and "Monsters Unleashed" storylines.

X-Men
Extraordinary X-Men – the flagship of the X-titles with X-Men relocated to Limbo following the release of the Terrigen Mists.
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 4 – Magneto leads a team of deadly mutants to deal with threats to mutantkind.
All-New X-Men, vol. 2 – the time-displaced original X-Men embarking on a roadtrip in an attempt to live normal lives.

 ResurrXion 
In 2017, the ResurrXion lineup was launched with X-Men: Prime. It introduced new titles; X-Men Blue, X-Men Gold, Weapon X, new volumes of Astonishing X-Men and Generation X, new solo series for Cable, Jean Grey, and Iceman, and continuation of the Old Man Logan and All-New Wolverine run. With the Terrigen gone, the X-Men vacated Limbo and moved to Central Park where they returned to their heroic roots instead of constantly living in fear for their survival. Other notable changes include Kitty Pryde as the new leader of the X-Men, the time-displaced X-Men working with Magneto, Old Man Logan turning Weapon X into a black ops team, and mutant characters crossing over from Earth-1610 to the Earth-616 universe. Early 2018 saw the Phoenix Force returning to earth and mysteriously resurrecting the original Jean Grey. A new series featuring the original Jean leading a team of X-Men called X-Men Red was released later that same month. Rogue and Gambit's relationship became a focal point during the Rogue & Gambit miniseries and again in the Till Death Do Us Part story arc in X-Men Gold, which saw the two finally tie the knot, and once more during the Mr. & Mrs. X miniseries, which saw the new couple attempt to take their honeymoon but end up involved in an intergalactic conspiracy. Other noteworthy plot points included Wolverine's return coinciding with the arrival of a mysterious new villain named Persephone, Psylocke's return to her original body, Magneto's steady return to villainy, and the time-displaced X-Men facing the consequences of their presence in the 616 timeline, and the return of Cyclops. 2019 saw a new volume of Uncanny X-Men released beginning with a 10-part weekly story arc. Several solo series were launched, including Legion, Multiple Man, Domino, Shatterstar and X-23, before the revamp of the entire X-Men lineup.
Mainly Charles Xavier, Cyclops, Wolverine and Jean were resurrected and time-displaced X-Men returned to their original timeline during the Extermination event.
Notable additions to the X-Men have been Pyro, Gentle, Scout, Trinary, Wolfsbane and Multiple Man. Notable story arcs of this decade are "Weapons of Mutant Destruction" (2017), "Phoenix Resurrection: The Return of Jean Grey" (2017–2018), "Poison X" (2018), "Extermination" (2018), "Hunt for Wolverine" (2018), "Return of Wolverine" (2018–2019), "X-Men: Disassembled" (2018–2019) and "Age of X-Man" (2019). The X-Men were also involved in the "Venomized", "Secret Empire" and "War of the Realms" storylines.

X-Men
X-Men Gold – the flagship of the X-titles with Kitty Pryde leading the X-Men at the new location at Central Park; an ad hoc team is led by Iceman while Kitty Pryde and her team are in prison.
X-Men Blue – the time-displaced original X-Men mentored by Magneto; an ad hoc team is led by Polaris while the Original Five is lost in space.
X-Men Red, vol. 1 – the resurrected Jean Grey leading a team to have the mutants recognized as a nation.
Astonishing X-Men, vol 4 – an ad hoc team of X-Men members reunited in London to fight the Shadow King; later featured a ragtag team of X-Men co-led by Havok and Beast against the threat of the Reavers.
Uncanny X-Men, vol. 5 – Jean Grey leads the remnants of the Gold and Red team after Nate Grey resurfaces proclaiming himself the mutant messiah and reshaping the world in his own view; Cyclops and Wolverine reformed the team following the dissolution of the X-Men after fighting X-Man.
X-Men in Training
Generation X, vol. 2 – Jubilee's group of students at the rechristened Xavier Institute.
Other Teams
Weapon X, vol. 3 – a black ops team of heroes and villains working together to take down a new Weapon X program.
New Mutants: Dead Soul – a team of former New Mutants and X-Factor members founded by Karma to investigate paranormal occurring.
X-Force, vol. 5 – original X-Force members Domino, Shatterstar, Cannonball, and Warpath are on the hunt for Kid Cable.
Exiles, vol. 3 – The Unseen recruits champions from alternate universes to save the multiverse from the Time Eaters.

 Krakoan Age of X-Men 

On May 14, 2019, Marvel announced they will cancel all the X-Men titles and relaunch the entire lineup. Jonathan Hickman will have full creative control and will start with two rotating bi-weekly six-issue limited series called House of X and Powers of X. After the 12 issues are released, Hickman will pen the flagship title and several new and traditional titles will be released. It was subsequently announced in July 2019 at San Diego Comic-Con that there would be six new X-titles as part of Marvel's Dawn of X campaign. Following the end of the X of Swords crossover, the sequel relaunch Reign of X will encompass a new era in the X-titles. Destiny of X featured the Second Krakoan Age of X-Men after the events of Inferno and X Lives of Wolverine/X Deaths of Wolverine. Mutantkind's unparalleled growth and prosperity on the island nation Krakoa was threatened during the Fall of X by the human supremicist organization Orchis. Marvel teased the X-Men's final battle for Krakoa's future in the two interconnected titles Fall of the House of X and Rise of the Powers of X.Notable addition to the X-Men have been Synch, Ms. Marvel (Kamala Khan), and Rasputin IV. Notable story arcs of this era are "X of Swords" (2020), "Hellfire Gala" (2021), "Trial of Magneto" (2021),"Inferno" (2021), "X Lives of Wolverine/X Deaths of Wolverine" (2022), "Judgment Day" (2022), "Dark Web" (2022–2023), "Sins of Sinister" (2023) and "Weapons of Vengeance" (2023). The X-Men were also involved in the "Empyre", "King in Black", "Devil's Reign" and "Contest of Chaos" storylines.

 Dawn of X 
X-Men, vol. 5 – the flagship of the X-titles featuring world-building stories of the mutant renaissance featuring an overlapping cast members. Some of the stories include the introduction of Apocalypse's grandson, Summoner, leading in to the X of Swords crossover; a new villain group called Hordeculture, featured later in the Empyre tie-in; Professor X, Magneto and Apocalypse attending the World Economic Forum; Mystique's side mission during the attack on Orchis in House of X and the follow-up mission to destroy Nimrod, leading into the Inferno storyline; the mutant rite Crucible, which is followed up in Way of X; an ad hoc team of Wolverine, Synch and Darwin assault of the Vault; the King Egg of the Brood race, a follow-up on a story started in the New Mutants; a tie-in to the Empyre event featuring Vulcan, and Magneto and the rest of the mutant nation fighting the Cotati; Cyclops, Marvel Girl and Storm helping with the kidnapping of Xandra, Majestrix of the Shi'ar Empire; and the X-Men election following its disbandbment upon the formation of the Krakoan government.
Marauders, vol. 1 – a rebranding of the supervillain team featuring Kitty Pryde (as Captain Kate Pryde), Storm, Iceman, Bishop, Pyro and Emma Frost as pirates who travel the world via ship controlling the supply and trade of the Krakoan drugs and protecting mutantkind by smuggling of mutants into and out of nations hostile to Krakoa.
Excalibur, vol. 4 – a title starring Betsy Braddock, who takes over the mantle of Captain Britain from her brother Brian Braddock, alongside Rogue, Gambit, Jubilee, Rictor and Apocalypse.
New Mutants, vol. 4 – spacefaring team led by Magik with a roster including Sunspot, Wolfsbane, Mirage, Karma, Cypher, Mondo and Chamber, and co-starring the Starjammers. A second team consists of Armor, Boom-Boom Glob, Maxime and Manon as an outreach party seeking young mutants who have chosen not to come to Krakoa. The New Mutants alumni started training young mutants in Krakoa amidst the threat of the Shadow King during the Reign of X relaunch. Magik gave up Limbo to Madelyne Pryor during the first arc of the Destiny of X relaunch.
Fallen Angels, vol. 2 – a revival of the 1987 title, this incarnation stars Kwannon (as Psylocke) who recruits Cable and X-23 for a personal mission which could jeapordize all of mutantkind.
X-Force, vol. 6 – the mutant black-ops team which will consist of Beast, Jean Grey, Sage, Domino, Wolverine, Colossus and Kid Omega dealing with the threat of XENO and Mikhail Rasputin. During the Destiny of X relaunch, the team faced off Cerebrax (a sentient Cerebro unit) and added Deadpool and Omega Red to their roster. Colossus leading the team against his brother and the nesting doll agents, and the team's confrontation with Beast were featured in the Fall of X relaunch.
Wolverine, vol. 7 – featuring the titular mutant of the same name dealing with the Flower Cartel, the Vampire Nation and the Arakki mutant Solem. He teamed up with Deadpool during the Destiny of X storyline. Wolverine hunting down his remaining clones from Beast's Weapons of X and the Sabretooth War were featured in the Fall of X storyline.
Hellions – a team of mutant troublemakers given an outlet for their gene-given desires with initial cast consisting of Empath, Havok, Mister Sinister, Nanny, Orphan-Maker, Psylocke, Scalphunter, and Wild Child.
Cable, vol. 4 – featuring the younger version of the titular character dealing with the abduction of mutant children and the return of Stryfe.
X-Factor, vol. 4 – a team investigating when a mutant dies and how to keep the rules of reincarnation which will consist of Polaris, Prestige, Northstar, Daken, Eye-Boy and Prodigy.

 Reign of X 
S.W.O.R.D., vol. 2 – the mutant nation's forefront representatives to the outer universe which consists of Abigail Brand, Magneto, Kid Cable, Frenzy, Manifold, Wiz Kid and Fabian Cortez.
Children of the Atom – a group of young vigilantes operating in New York City posing as mutants.
Way of X – featuring a team Nightcrawler assembled focused on the path of answers for mutantkind's spirituality. The title is concluded in the one-shot X-Men: The Onslaught Revelation.
X-Corp – a team headed by CXOs Warren and Monet staffed with some of the brightest and most deviant minds in mutantkind.
X-Men, vol. 6 – a new team of chosen champions of mutantkind formed after the team's disbandbment upon the formation of the mutant homeland. The initial roster of Cyclops, Marvel Girl, Polaris, Wolverine, Rogue, Sunfire and Synch officially debut during the first Hellfire Gala. Cyclops, Marvel Girl, Synch, Magik, Havok, Iceman, Forge and Firestar were elected into the new team roster during the second Hellfire Gala. During the Fall of X storyline, Synch assembled a new team with Talon, Shadowkat, Ms. Marvel and Rasputin after the massacre at the Hellfire Gala.
X-Men Unlimited Infinity Comic – a Marvel Unlimited exclusive series featuring a rotating adventures of the Krakoan mutants. Story arcs included Wolverine against A.I.M in "Latitude" and "Longitude", Nature Girl's vendetta against humanity in "X-Men: Green," Juggernaut and Deadpool against The Warden in "Paradise Lost," Madrox and Strong Guy's adventures in "Downtime" and "Ex-Friends," Maggott and his slugs' resurrection in "Eany Come Home," the attack of the mutant language in "Cypher in Cryptolect," the secret mission of the mutants who lost the second election in "Secret X-Men," Professor X's adventure in the Age of Apocalypse timeline in "A World Without X," Hope Summers working through a pivotal life experience in "In The Dark," Marrow and Feral's fight against the Homines Verendi in "Unbreakable," Jubilee assisting a group of teen mutants to escape Mojo in "Unofficial X-Men," Polaris unraveling a murder mystery in "Control," and Sunfire's Otherworld quest in "The Redroot Saga."
Sabretooth, vol. 4 – featuring the titular mutant dealing with his time at The Pit and other prisoners sent in the hole.
Secret X-Men – a one-shot title featuring a team of mutants who lost the first election on a secret mission to save the Shi'ar empire.

 Destiny of X 
Immortal X-Men – one of the flagship series starring the Quiet Council of Krakoa with Magneto leaving the Krakoan leadership. During the Sins of Sinister event, the title is replaced by Immoral X-Men. Xavier defending Krakoa against Orchis and Exodus leading the displaced mutants to a promised land were featured during Fall of X.
Marauders, vol. 2 – Captain Pryde leads a new crew (Psylocke, Bishop, Daken, Somnus, Aurora, Tempo and Cassandra Nova) for rescuing mutants.
Knights of X – Captain Britain leads a team of ten knights (Rictor, Shatterstar, Gambit, Rachel Summers, Bei the Blood Moon, Gloriana, Kylun, Shogo, Mordred) into Otherworld in a quest to search the Siege Perilous.
Legion of X – the mutant police force formed by Nightcrawler and Legion including Juggernaut, Pixie, Blindfold and Doctor Nemesis. During the Sins of Sinister event, the title is replaced by Nightcrawlers featuring Sinister's private army of chimera assassins.
X-Men Red, vol. 2 – a title featuring the Planet Arakko under the guidance of the conflicting factions of Storm's Brotherhood and Brand's X-Men Red. During the Sins of Sinister event, the title is replaced by Storm & the Brotherhood of Mutants. The brewing Genesis War, a civil war on Arakko, was featured during the Fall of X storyline.
X-Terminators, vol. 2 – a limited series featuring Wolverine, Dazzler, Jubilee and Boom-Boom battling armies of vampires.
Deadpool, vol. 9 – featuring the titular mutate as he auditions for the elite group known as the Atelier.
Sabretooth & the Exiles – featuring the mutants exiled in The Pit (Nekra, Oya, Madison Jeffries, Melter, Third Eye, Nanny, Orphan-Maker and Toad) in pursuit of an escaped Sabretooth.
Bishop: War College – a limited series featuring Bishop training young mutants (Armor, Surge, Cam Long, Aura Charles, and Amass) as War Captains in training for Krakoa.
Betsy Braddock: Captain Britain – a title featuring Captain Britain's new mission after the Otherworld is restored in Knights of X.
Rogue & Gambit – a limited series featuring the couple's next adventure after the departure from their previous teams.
New Mutants: Lethal Legion – a limited series featuring the resident New Mutants battle against Count Nefaria's Lethal Legion.

 Fall of X 
Invincible Iron Man, vol. 5 – featuring the titular hero helping the mutants by stopping Feilong and the Stark Sentinels.
Uncanny Avengers, vol. 4 – a new lineup of the Unity Squad (Captain America, Rogue, Deadpool, Quicksilver, Psylocke, Penance and Black Widow) formed to foster the unity between humanity and the mutant nation of Krakoa by solving the mystery of the murderous Captain Krakoa.
Astonishing Iceman – featuring the titular mutant as he engaged the narrative enforcement petal of ORCHIS.
Dark X-Men, vol. 2 – Madelyne Pryror formed a team (Havok, Gambit, Maggott, Azazel, Emplate, Zero and Feint) based out of Limbo to fill the void left by the X-Men.
Realm of X – a team of mutantkind's fiercest warriors (Magik, Mirage, Marrow, Dust and Typhoid Mary) sent on a mystical mission in Vanaheim to fight the White Witch.
Children of the Vault – Cable and Bishop team up to fight the crucial war against the post-human species.
Alpha Flight, vol. 5 – featuring two Alpha Flight squads, split between human and mutant members, secretly working together to transport mutants to Chandilar.
Uncanny Spider-Man – featuring Nightcrawler as he embraced a new role as the classic New York City hero. The origin story of Nightcrawler will be revealed in the one-shot X-Men Blue: Origins.
Jean Grey – featuring the titular mutant as she explored her past to save Krakoa's future.
Ms. Marvel: The New Mutant – after being brought back to life via Krakoan Resurrection Technology and revealed as a mutant, Kamala Khan was sent to infiltrate a summer program at Empire State University to uncover Orchis' secret laboratory.

 Fall of the House of X 
Fall of the House of X – a classic line-up of X-Men (Shadowkat, Wolverine, Colossus, Nightcrawler, Rogue and Gambit) will engage on a mission to defeat Orchis and restore hope for mutantkind.
Rise of the Powers of X – a crew of mutants (Professor X, Cypher and Rasputin IV) hiding from the Dominion will journey across space and time to prevent mutantkind's darkest future.
Resurrection of Magneto – Storm embarks on an epic quest to restore Magneto to help save the X-Men from their darkest hour.
Dead X-Men – the fallen heroes (Cannonball, Dazzler, Jubilee, Frenzy and Prodigy) are guided by Askani on a sacred mutant mission to find for an intact biological Moira mind in one of Sinister's close-engine timelines.
Cable, vol. 5 – Cable teams up with his younger version to wage war on Orchis and the new threat Neocracy.
X-Men: Forever – Krakoa's darkest secrets will be revealed as a new omnipotent threat to mutantkind is introduced.
Ms. Marvel: Mutant Menace – Kamala Khan will confront another threat in Jersey City while dealing with the fallout of being outed as a mutant.

 Other Titles 
X-Men/Fantastic Four – a limited series focusing on Franklin Richards of the Fantastic Four being offered to join the X-Men nation of Krakoa.
Giant-Size X-Men – a series of one-shots focusing on different X-Men members. Jean Grey, Emma Frost, Magneto, Nightcrawler, Fantomex, Storm and Thunderbird are featured in the series.
Empyre: X-Men –  tie-in to the Empyre event featuring a team of mutants fighting against the Cotati and the Genoshan zombies.
Juggernaut, vol. 3 – featuring the titular character of the same name dealing with his quest for Cyttorak and working for Damage Control.
X-Men: Curse of the Man-Thing – Magik and her team of monster mutants, the Dark Riders, help with the threat of the Man-Thing.
Cable: Reloaded – tie-in to The Last Annihilation crossover featuring Cable and the All-New X-Terminators helping the Guardians of the Galaxy defeat Dormammu.
The Death of Doctor Strange: X-Men/Black Knight – tie-in to the Death of Doctor Strange event featuring Black Knight and Excalibur protecting London from the demonic X-Men.
Devil's Reign: X-Men – tie-in to the Devil's Reign event featuring Emma Frost and her time working for the Kingpin.
X-Men and Moon Girl – the X-Men assist Moon Girl in her fight against the High Evolutionary to save Devil Dinosaur.
Ms. Marvel and Wolverine – Wolverine teams up with Ms. Marvel when a mysterious threat lands in New York City compromising Krakoan tech/security.
X-Men: Unforgiven – The X-Men links up with Jubilee's former contact as a vampire, the Forgiven, after discovering that the Krakoan body parts that surfaced on the coast of Maine are all connected by exsanguination.
Marvel's Voices: X-Men  – an anthology celebrating the 60th anniversary of the X-Men featuring the stories of Rogue & Gambit ("The Stolen Night"), Storm & Iceman ("Cryo-Therapy"), Jubilee and Lady Deathstrike ("Hollywood Ending"), Solem ("The Man with No Shame"), and Jean Grey & Emma Frost ("Team-Building Terrors).

 Team roster 

The X-Men team lineup has varied throughout the years and splintered into several other newer teams.
The original team lineup introduced Cyclops, Jean Grey, Beast, Angel, and Iceman as well as Professor X.
Later issues brought fan favorites and frequent members Wolverine, Storm, Colossus, Nightcrawler, Rogue, Kitty Pryde, Jubilee, Cable,  Gambit, Emma Frost, Psylocke, Havok, Dazzler, Polaris, Bishop, Forge and Banshee, among others.

 Enemies 

The X-Men have a rogues gallery of enemies they fight on a regular basis, the most well-known being Magneto, the mutant Master of Magnetism and Professor X's former friend.
Other popular enemies include the shapeshifting Mystique, the ancient mutant Apocalypse, the mad scientist Mister Sinister, the mutant-hunting Sentinel robots, villain teams such as the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants and the Hellfire Club, and the constant racism and discrimination from humans.

 Themes and motifs 
The X-Men use many recurring plot-devices and motifs for their various story arcs over the years that have become commonplace within the X-Men canon.

 Reflecting social issues 
The conflict between mutants and normal humans is often compared to real-world conflicts experienced by minority groups in America such as African Americans, various religious or non-religious groups, (ethnic minorities, autistic individuals, the LGBTQ community, etc.) It has been remarked that attitudes towards mutants do not make sense in the context of the Marvel Universe, since non-mutants with similar powers are rarely regarded with fear; X-Men editor Ann Nocenti remarked that "I think that's literary, really – because there is no difference between Colossus and the Torch. If a guy comes into my office in flames, or a guy comes into my office and turns to steel, I'm going to have the same reaction. It doesn't really matter that I know their origins. ... as a book, The X-Men has always represented something different – their powers arrive at puberty, making them analogous to the changes you go through at adolescence – whether they're special, or out of control, or setting you apart – the misfit identity theme." Also on an individual level, a number of X-Men serve a metaphorical function as their powers illustrate points about the nature of the outsider.

Racism: Although this was not initially the case, Professor X has come to be compared to civil rights movement leader Martin Luther King Jr. and Magneto to the more militant Malcolm X. (Magneto, in the first film, quotes Malcolm X with the line "By any means necessary.") X-Men comic books have often portrayed mutants as victims of mob violence, evoking images of the lynching of African Americans in the age before the civil rights movement. Sentinels and anti-mutant hate groups such as Friends of Humanity, Humanity's Last Stand, the Church of Humanity, and Stryker's Purifiers are thought to often represent oppressive forces like the Ku Klux Klan giving a form to denial of civil rights and amendments.1980s storylines involving the fictional island nation of Genosha, where mutants are segregated and enslaved by an apartheid state, are widely interpreted as a reference to the contemporary situation of apartheid in South Africa. Chamber (2002) explicitly cites the Norman Rockwell painting The Problem We All Live With. The miniseries portrays using the mutant context affirmative action, National Guard troops escorting a new student, sympathetic and antagonistic majority members, and majority-supremacist terrorism. Some mutants avoid confrontation and seek integration, while more militant mutants play the race card, reject their human-given names, and denounce those who do not as Stepin Fetchit and Uncle Tom.Antisemitism: Explicitly referenced in recent decades is the comparison between antimutant sentiment and antisemitism. Magneto, a Holocaust survivor, sees the situation of mutants as similar to those of Jews in Nazi Germany. At one point he even utters the words "never again" in a 1992 episode of the X-Men animated series. The mutant slave labor camps on the island of Genosha, in which numbers were burned into mutant's foreheads, show much in common with Nazi concentration camps, as do the internment camps of the classic "Days of Future Past" storyline. In the third X-Men film, when asked by Callisto: "If you're so proud of being a mutant, then where's your mark?" Magneto shows his concentration camp tattoo, while mentioning that he will never let another needle touch his skin. In the prequel film X-Men: First Class, a fourteen-year-old Magneto suffers Nazi human experimentation during his time in the camps and witnesses his mother's death by gunshot.
Diversity: Characters within the X-Men mythos hail from a wide variety of nationalities. These characters also reflect religious, ethnic or sexual minorities. Examples include Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat, Magneto and Sabra who are of Jewish descent. Dust and M who are Muslim, Nightcrawler who is a devout Catholic. Neal Shaara/Thunderbird who is Hindu. Jubilee is Chinese American, Gambit is born to Cajun parents from New Orleans, Louisiana and Rogue is from Caledecott County, Mississippi both of whom are Southerners. Warpath along with his deceased brother the first Thunderbird are Native Americans of Apache descent. Storm represents two aspects of the African diaspora as her father was African American and her mother was Kenyan. Karma was portrayed as a devout Catholic from Vietnam, who regularly attended Mass and confession when she was introduced as a founding member of the New Mutants. This team also included Wolfsbane (a devout Scottish Presbyterian), Danielle Moonstar (a Native American of Cheyenne descent), Cannonball, and was later joined by Magma (a devout Greco-Roman classical religionist). Different nationalities included Wolverine, Aurora, Northstar, Deadpool and Transonic from Canada; Colossus and Magik from Russia; Banshee and Siryn from Ireland; Dust from Afghanistan; Psylocke, Wolfsbane and Chamber from the United Kingdom; Sunfire, Armor, Surge and Zero from Japan; Sunspot from Brazil; M from Monaco; Nightcrawler from Germany; Sabra from Israel; Omega Sentinel, Neal Shaara, Kavita Rao and Indra from India; Velocidad from Mexico; Oya from Nigeria; Primal from Ukraine; etc.
LGBT themes: Some commentators have noted the similarities between the struggles of mutants and the LGBT community, noting the onset of special powers around puberty and the parallels between being closeted and the mutants' concealment of their powers. In the comics series, gay and bisexual characters include Anole, Bling!, Destiny, Karma, Mystique, Psylocke, Courier, Northstar (whose marriage was depicted in the comics in 2012), Graymalkin, Rictor, Shatterstar, Shade, the Ultimate version of Colossus and later Iceman after revealing that he is a mutant; the comics version of the character was then revealed to be gay in 2015. Transgender issues also come up with shapechangers like Mystique, Copycat, and Courier who can change gender at will. It has been said that the comic books and the X-Men animated series delved into the AIDS epidemic with a long-running plot line about the Legacy Virus, a seemingly incurable disease thought at first to attack only mutants (similar to the AIDS virus which at first was spread through the gay community). In the film X-Men: First Class, Hank McCoy is asked by his CIA boss why he never disclosed his mutant identity, and his response was "you didn't ask, I didn't tell".
Communism and socialism: Occasionally, undercurrents of the real-life "Red Scare" are present or the events of the Red Scare in history are alluded to. Senator Robert Kelly's proposal of a Mutant Registration Act is similar to the efforts of United States Congress to try to ban communism in the United States. In the 2000 X-Men film, Kelly exclaims, "We must know who these mutants are and what they can do," even brandishing a "list" of known mutants (a reference to Senator Joseph McCarthy's list of Communist Party USA members who were working in the government).
Religion: Religion is an integral part of several X-Men storylines. It is presented as both a positive and negative force, sometimes in the same story. The comics explore religious fundamentalism through the person of William Stryker and his Purifiers, an antimutant group that emerged in the 1982 graphic novel God Loves, Man Kills. The Purifiers believe that mutants are not human beings but children of the devil, and have attempted to exterminate them several times, most recently in the "Childhood's End" storyline. By contrast, religion is also central to the lives of several X-Men, such as Nightcrawler, a devout Catholic, and Dust, a devout Sunni Muslim who wears an Islamic niqāb.
Subculture: In some cases, the mutants of the X-Men universe sought to create a subculture of the typical mutant society portrayed. The Morlocks, though mutants like those attending Xavier's school, hide away from society within the tunnels of New York. These Morlock tunnels serve as the backdrop for several X-Men stories, most notably The Mutant Massacre crossover. This band of mutants illustrates another dimension to the comic, that of a group that further needs to isolate itself because society won't accept it. In Grant Morrison's stories of the early 2000s, mutants are portrayed as a distinct subculture with "mutant bands," mutant use of code-names as their primary form of self-identity (rather than their given birth names), and a popular mutant fashion designer who created outfits tailored to mutant physiology. The series District X takes place in an area of New York City called "Mutant Town." These instances can also serve as analogies for the way that minority groups establish subcultures and neighborhoods of their own that distinguish them from the broader general culture. Director Bryan Singer has remarked that the X-Men franchise has served as a metaphor for acceptance of all people for their special and unique gifts. The mutant condition that is often kept secret from the world can be analogous to feelings of difference and fear usually developed in everyone during adolescence.
Genocide: Genocide and its psychological aftereffects, primarily survivor guilt, are recurring elements in some of the most significant X-Men story arcs. Magneto was a survivor of The Holocaust and witnessed the genocide of his people, severely scarring him emotionally and leaving him with a strong distrust of humanity. Because of this he constantly toes the line between ally and enemy of the X-Men. The iconic Days of Future Past story line saw an alternate future where Sentinels committed genocide on most of the world's mutants. In Rachel Summers' original timeline, she was captured by humans and turned into a 'hound' used to hunt down other mutants in order to capture and kill them, leaving her extremely traumatized by the experience and knowledge that she unwittingly assisted in the genocide of her own people. Bishop's childhood consisted of him being trapped in a mutant concentration camp, leaving him so emotionally scarred as an adult that upon returning to the past he was prepared to kill a baby who might have caused his future. When Cassandra Nova committed genocide on Genosha, the event left both Emma Frost  and Polaris traumatized by survivor's guilt as they were amongst the limited few survivors. While taking some time off in Germany, Nightcrawler witnessed the genocide of numerous mutants. The event left him as an emotional shell of who he used to be because of the trauma of what he witnessed until he had psychic therapy with Jean to help him cope. Other characters who have either committed or have survived genocide include Mystique, Callisto, Apocalypse, Onslaught, Bastion, Mister Sinister, Hope Summers, Cable, and the Phoenix Force.

 Time travel 
Many of the X-Men's stories delve into time travel either in the sense of the team traveling through time on a mission, villains traveling through time to alter history, or certain characters traveling from the past or future in order to join the present team. Story arcs and spin-offs that are notable for using this plot device include Days of Future Past, Messiah Complex, All-New X-Men, Messiah War, and Battle of the Atom. Characters who are related to time travel include: Apocalypse, Bishop, Cable, Old Man Logan, Prestige, Hope Summers, Tempus, and Stryfe. A major notable period in the X-Men's history began in 2012s All-New X-Men when Beast used time-travel to bring the original five 1960s X-Men into the present. These time-displaced characters subsequently starred in their own title X-Men Blue before returning to their original timeline in 2018s Extermination event.

 Death and resurrection 
One of the most recurring plot devices used in the X-Men franchise is death and resurrection, mostly in the sense of Jean Grey and her bond with the Phoenix. Though not as iconic as Jean and the Phoenix, many other X-Men characters have died and come back to life on occasion. Death and resurrection has become such a common occurrence in the X-books that the characters have mentioned on numerous occasions that they are not strangers to death or have made comments that death doesn't always have a lasting effect on them (for example, "In mutant heaven, there are no pearly gates, only revolving doors"). X-Necrosha is a particular story arc that sees Selene temporarily reanimate many of the X-Men's dead allies and enemies in order for her to achieve godhood. In the Krakoan era, the characters invent a method of resurrecting mutants who have died; becoming a significant story element across the various x-men books.

 Fate 
Many of the characters deal with the topic of fate. In particular, Destiny's abilities of precognition have affected certain plot points in the X-Men's history long after she was killed off due to both the X-Men and their enemies constantly searching for her missing diaries that foretell certain futures. The topic of fate takes center stage yet again in a story arc called "The Extremists" involving attacks against the Morlocks due to one of them seeing a dark future for their people. Some characters believe they already know their own fates, such as Apocalypse believing he is fated to rule the mutants or Magneto believing he is fated to lead the mutants to rise up against humans. Other characters such as Jean, Prestige, Evan Sabanur, Hope Summers, and Warren Worthington III have all been wary of their fates and have all taken measures to alter their futures.

 Space travel 
Space travel has been a common staple in the X-Men books beginning with the Phoenix and Dark Phoenix sagas. Since then space has been involved in many stories involving the X-Men's allies and occasional rivals the Shi'ar along with stories involving the Phoenix Force. Space has been the setting for many stories involving the likes of The Brood, such as the story arc where the villainous species was first introduced. Through space noteworthy characters like The Starjammers and Vulcan (lost brother of Cyclops and Havok) were introduced. Space Travel played a major role in Joss Whedon's run on Astonishing X-Men via the introduction of S.W.O.R.D. and especially in one of the final story arcs under his authorship called "Unstoppable". Other notable story arcs involving space included "X-Men: The End", "Rise and Fall of the Shi'ar Empire", "X-Men: Kingbreaker", "War of Kings", and "The Black Vortex".

 Sanity 
The topic of sanity has been addressed in many of the major heroes and villains of X-Men. Most famously this is addressed in Jean Grey when she gains near omnipotence through the Phoenix and Professor Xavier after he violently uses his powers against Magneto, unintentionally creating Onslaught. Mystique's sanity wavers throughout the franchise as her constant transformations causes more and more of her mind to fracture. Ever since swapping bodies with Revanche, Psylocke has occasionally struggled to maintain her sanity due to her more aggressive nature and new powers. The character Deadpool is famous for his blatant lack of sanity. After Magneto stripped Wolverine of his metal bones, Wolverine began to become increasingly feral throughout most of the mid to late 1990s X-Men comics. The nature of Rogue's powers affecting her sanity due to her retaining the memories of others has been a central plot device on many occasions, most famously retaining Ms. Marvel's psyche throughout most of the 1980s. Most recently Emma Frost's sanity has become fractured ever since Cyclops died in her arms, causing her to declare war against Inhumans. Other characters who have had issues with sanity include Cyclops, Sabretooth, Magik, Quentin Quire, X-23, and Prestige.

 Political warfare 
In the Marvel Universe, mutant rights is one of the hot controversial political topics and is something that is addressed numerous times in the X-books as a plot device. While some politicians like Valerie Cooper have legitimately tried to help the X-Men, most have made it their mission to discredit the X-Men in order to eliminate mutants once and for all. Senator Robert Kelly began his platform on a strong outspoken anti-mutant sentiment until he changed his mind after being rescued by mutants later on in his career. When Sabretooth's human son Graydon Creed ran for office, the X-Men sent in Cannonball and Iceman to discreetly join his campaign team and find anything on his anti-mutant agenda. This continued until it boiled to a head when his assassination led to "Operation: Zero Tolerance." Some of the issues presented in the comics serve as allegory to modern issues in the real world, such as Lydia Nance suggesting mass mutant deportation.

 Ideological differences 
Characters in the X-Men franchise espouse a variety of political ideologies, and these differences are a frequent catalyst for conflict. The most prominent ideological clash in the X-Men franchise is that between Xavier and Magneto; despite later interpretations of the two as analogues for Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X, writer Chris Claremont (who originated Magneto's backstory and history with Xavier) saw them as more comparable to David Ben-Gurion and Menachem Begin. Xavier's ideology has drawn comparisons to assimilationism and model minority politics, while Magneto, originally depicted as a mutant supremacist, is later portrayed as a liberationist advocating self-determination through mutually assured destruction. Callisto is a separatist, who seeks to protect the Morlocks through isolationism. Emma Frost is portrayed as rejecting social movements, opting to use the capitalist system for her personal benefit, or for that of individual mutants in her care. Apocalypse is characterized as a social darwinist who believes that mutants can only survive through the rule of might. The Mutant Liberation Front commits acts of terrorism to liberate mutants wrongly incarcerated by the government. Even when individual characters expressing conflicting ideologies are portrayed as either misguided or villainous, their motives and beliefs are often treated by the X-Men with nuance, sympathy, and respect; for example, during Secret Wars, when The Avengers take issue with Magneto's placement among the heroic team by The Beyonder, the X-Men defend him as an ally, despite disagreeing with his methods. Pulitzer-winning national security journalist Spencer Ackerman has stated that "the importance of the X-Men as a universe of stories, as a mythos, is that we should always be debating who is right."

 Setting 

The X-Men exist in the Marvel Universe along with other characters featured in Marvel Comics series and often interact with them. The X-Men/mutant corner of the Marvel Universe has been informally called "X-Universe". For instance, Wolverine was an antagonist to the Hulk before joining the X-Men and has ties to other heroes such as Captain America, Black Widow, the Thing, Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers), Elektra and Spider-Man. Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch are former Brotherhood of Mutants members who joined the Avengers, as have other X-Men characters such as Beast. Rogue got her powers via absorbing Carol Danvers (then called Ms. Marvel) who has also interacted with the X-Men. Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat has been part of the Guardians of the Galaxy and dated Star-Lord, she also served as a mentor to Franklin Richards the mutant son of Mister Fantastic and Invisible Woman of the Fantastic Four. Storm was once the Queen of Wakanda and the wife of Black Panther, as well as a temporary member of the Fantastic Four. Rachel Summers was the girlfriend of Franklin Richards. Iceman and Angel have also joined the original Champions alongside Black Widow, Ghost Rider and Hercules as well as having frequent partnerships with Firestar and Spider-Man as "The Amazing Friends". Sabretooth was an Iron Fist villain before becoming Wolverine's archenemesis. After a conflict over the Phoenix Force, Captain America admitted to a remorseful but unrepentant Cyclops that the Avengers should have done more to help mutants, and not allowed the world to hate them. As a result, he formed a team called Uncanny Avengers (aka Avengers Unity Division) of both X-Men and Avengers members in hopes of unifying mutant and humankind. The global nature of the mutant concept means the scale of stories can be highly varied. The X-Men's enemies range from mutant thieves to galactic threats.
Historically, the X-Men have been based in the Xavier Institute of Gifted Youngsters/X-Mansion located in Salem Center, Westchester County, New York, and are often portrayed as a family. The Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters/X-Mansion is often depicted with three floors and two underground levels. To the outside world, it acted as a higher learning institute until the 2000s, when Xavier was publicly exposed as a mutant at which point it became a known mutant boarding school. Xavier funds a corporation aimed at reaching mutants worldwide, though it ceased to exist following the 2005 "Decimation" storyline. The X-Men benefit from advanced technology such as Xavier tracking down mutants with a device called Cerebro which amplifies his powers; the X-Men train within the Danger Room, first depicted as a room full of weapons and booby traps, now as generating holographic simulations; and the X-Men travel in their Blackbird jet.

 Fictional places 
The X-Men introduced several fictional locations which are regarded as important within the shared universe in which Marvel Comics characters exist:

Asteroid M, an asteroid made by Magneto, a mutant utopia and training facility off of the Earth's surface.
Avalon, Magneto's space station that served as the primary base for him and his Acolytes to create a mutants-only safe haven after Magneto drastically reverted to his villainous ways. Originally created by Cable.
Genosha, an island near Madagascar and a longtime apartheid regime against mutants. The U.N. gave control to Magneto until the E Is for Extinction story saw Genosha destroyed via mass genocide.
Krakoa, a living island which is currently home to the X-Men and other mutants. It is an official country.
Limbo, a hellish dimension heavily populated by demons. Whoever possesses the Soulsword bears control over and can draw power from Limbo. In Extraordinary X-Men, the X-Men made a sanctuary in Limbo called X-Haven their home after Terrigen started making earth uninhabitable for mutants.
Madripoor, an island in South East Asia, near Singapore. Its location is shown to be in the southern portion of the Strait of Malacca, south west of Singapore.
Mojoverse, an alternate dimension ruled by the tyrant Mojo focused on creating violent reality entertainment usually featuring captive mutants
Murderworld, fictional twisted amusement park designed by the Marvel supervillain known as Arcade.
Muir Island, a remote island off the coast of Scotland. This is primarily known in the X-Men universe as the home of Moira MacTaggert's laboratory.
Mutant Town (also known as "District X"), an area in Alphabet City, Manhattan, populated largely by mutants and beset by poverty and crime.
New Tien, a mutant-run region on the west coast of the United States where mutants outnumber humans. It was created after Hydra took over the United States. Emma Frost secretly leads New Tien by telepathically possessing New Tien's puppet ruler Xorn.
Savage Land, a preserved location in Antarctica which is home to a number of extinct species, most notably dinosaurs, and strange tribes.
Shi'ar throneworld Chandilar, the home world of the X-Men's occasional extraterrestrial allies The Shi'ar.
Utopia, Cyclops had Asteroid M raised from the Pacific Ocean off the coast of the San Francisco as a response to the rise of anti-mutant sentiment to form a mutant nation.

 Cultural impact and legacy 

 Critical response 
Abraham Riesman of Vulture included the X-Men in their "12 Teams That Defined Superhero Storytelling" list. Laura Bradley of Vanity Fair included the X-Men in their "Stan Lee's Most Iconic Characters" list. Comic Book Resources ranked the X-Men 1st in their "Marvel: 10 Most Powerful Teams" list, 2nd in their "Every Marvel Superhero Team" list, and 2nd in their "Marvel: The 10 Strongest Superhero Teams" list. Michael Doran of Newsarama ranked the X-Men 3rd in their "Best superhero teams of all time" list. Chris Isaac of Screen Rant ranked the X-Men 3rd in their "15 Best Superhero Teams Of All Time" list. Jason Serafino of Complex ranked the X-Men 4th in their "10 Best Superhero Teams In Comics" list. Geoff Boucher of Deadline ranked the X-Men 4th in their "Stan Lee's Legacy: Ranking The Hollywood Heroes Co-Created By The Marvel Comics Icon" list.

 Impact 
The insecurity and anxieties in Marvel's early 1960s comic books such as The Fantastic Four, The Amazing Spider-Man, The Incredible Hulk, and X-Men ushered in a new type of superhero, very different from the certain and all-powerful superheroes before them, and changed the public's perception of superheroes.
The superhero team has been described as an allegory to real-life struggles experienced by people rejected by society.
Ramzi Fawaz argues that X-Men presents a feminist revision of the idea of a superhero team: "As a corollary to its critique of normative identity, The X-Men shifted the traditional locus of affective and political identification in mainstream superhero comics from white male heroes to powerful and racially diverse female superheroes whose emotional strength anchored mutant kinships and whose superpowers granted them unprecedented ability to reshape the material world."

 Other versions 
Age of Apocalypse – In a world where Professor X is killed by his son David/Legion before he can form the X-Men, Magneto leads the X-Men in a dystopian world ruled by Apocalypse. Created and reverted via time travel.
Age of X – a world in which anti-mutant sentiment became even worse due to a series of events and thus led to the United States government hunting down mutants with Sentinels and leading to "The Decimation" which severely reduced the mutant population and Magneto leads the mutants who are based in Fortress X.
Days of Future Past – Sentinels have either killed or placed into concentration camps almost all mutants. Prevented by the time-traveling Kate Pryde/Widget (the adult Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat).
House of M – Reality is altered by Scarlet Witch, with her father Magneto as the ruler of Genosha and in which mutants are the dominant group with humans as second-class citizens. 2005's crossover event, it concludes with a reversion to the normal Marvel Universe, albeit with most mutants depowered.
Marvel 1602 – Mutants are known as the "Witchbreed" in this alternate reality set during the time of The Inquisition. Carlos Javier creates a "school for the children of gentlefolk" to serve as a safe haven and training ground for which he calls mutantur (or changing ones) and normal humans (the mondani). The roster consists of the original 5 members and analogues of Sunspot, Pietro and Wanda Maximoff.
Marvel 2099 – Set in a dystopian world with new characters looking to the original X-Men as history, becoming X-Men 2099 and X-Nation 2099.
Marvel Noir – The X-Men of this reality are a group of delinquent teenagers led by Charles Xavier who believes that sociopathy is the next step in human evolution.
Mutant X – Set in a world where Scott Summers was captured along with his parents by the Shi'ar and only Alex escaped, allowing him to be the eventual leader of this Universe's X-Men ("The Six"). The Mutant X universe reimagines Mr. Fantastic, Nick Fury, and Professor X as villains and Doctor Doom and Apocalypse as heroes.
MC2 – In this alternate future, Jubilee forms the X-People in response to anti-mutant sentiment. Members include Angry Eagle, Simian, Spanner, Torque, Push, Bluestreak, J2, and Wild Thing.
 Time-displaced X-Men – The time-displaced team was introduced as such in All-New X-Men vol. 1 #1, by Brian Michael Bendis and Stuart Immonen, and brought to the present with time travel. They were kept as regular characters, as Bendis intended to explore their reactions to the fate of their adult selves. The team was the main focus of the Battle of the Atom crossover, some months later. Bendis also used them for crossovers with the Guardians of the Galaxy and Miles Morales, that he also wrote. This was one of the few crossovers between the Marvel Universe and the Ultimate Marvel universe; Bendis preferred to write them sparingly. All-New X-Men has a vol. 2 in 2015, by Dennis Hopeless and Mark Bagley. The comic was cancelled after the end of the Inhumans vs. X-Men crossover, and the team was now published in the X-Men Blue comic. The teenager Jean also got a solo series after the end of ResurrXion, by Hopeless and Victor Ibanez, that explored her relation with the Phoenix Force. The teenager Cyclops joins the Champions, a comic book focused on teenager heroes but unrelated to the X-Men mythos. They guest-starred in the Venom comic, in the "Poison-X" arc. The story took the villains from the Venomverse arc and led to the Venomized crossover. The team were featured in the Extermination crossover, where they went back to their original timeline.
Ruins – Although the actual X-Men don't appear, alternate versions of its members and villains are shown to have suffered under horrific circumstances. Charles Xavier is a tyrannical President of the United States, Jean Grey is a prostitute, Magneto and Mystique die, Wolverine suffers from poisoning from his adamantium skeleton, Emma Frost heads the Church of the Next Generation and forces children of her followers to undergo surgery, Cyclops as well as Nightcrawler and Kitty Pryde are imprisoned at a Texas jail and Sabretooth is part of a fascist cannibalistic militia based in Oklahoma alongside Bucky Barnes and Jack Monroe.
Ultimate X-Men – Set in the reimagined Ultimate Marvel universe. The X-Men are younger, wear black and gold uniforms and supernatural/cosmic elements are downplayed. Additionally Colossus is gay unlike his main universe counterpart, Magneto is not a Holocaust survivor and is more villainous, mutants were created by the Super-Soldier Serum, Cable is Wolverine and Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat dated Spider-Man.
X-Men Forever – An alternate continuity diverging from X-Men, vol. 2 #3, continuing as though writer Chris Claremont had never left writing the series.
X-Men Noir – Set in the 1930s, with the X-Men as a mysterious criminal gang and the Brotherhood as a secret society of corrupt cops.
X-Men: The End – A possible ending to the X-Men's early 2005 status quo.
X-Men '92 – Follows "Secret Wars", the X-Men of the 1992 TV Series, received their own comic book series.

 In other media 

The X-Men team has featured in multiple forms of media including the 20th Century Fox live-action film series, multiple animated shows, live-action shows, multiple video games, numerous novels, motion comics, soundtracks, action figures, and clothing.

 See also 
List of Marvel Comics superhero debuts
Doom Patrol, a similar team of super-powered misfits appearing in comics published by DC Comics
Harbingers/Psiots, another group of superpowered outcasts appearing in comics published by Valiant Comics

 References 

 Further reading 
Fecteau, Lydia (July 12, 2004). "Mutant and Cyborg Images of the Disabled Body in the Landscape of Science Fiction". Archived from the original (DOC) on September 30, 2005. Retrieved September 29, 2005.
Morrison, Grant (August 10, 2000). "The Geek Shall Inherit the Earth". The Evening Standard. Archived from the original on February 19, 2006. Retrieved September 29, 2005.
Weinstein, Simcha (2006). Up, Up, and Oy Vey: How Jewish History, Culture and Values Shaped the Comic Book Superhero. Baltimore: Leviathan. Note: Contains a chapter on the X-Men, with special emphasis on Jewish characters Magneto and Shadowcat.
Montgomery, Mitch (October 21, 2006). "X-traordinary People: Mary Tyler Moore and the Mutants Explore Pop Psychology". Silver Bullet Comics. Archived from the original on October 26, 2006.

 External links 

Official website 
X-Men at the Marvel Universe wiki
X-Men at Curlie
X-Men at the Comic Book DB (archived from the original)
X-Men at the Grand Comics Database

Armed Forces of Haiti
The Armed Forces of Haiti (French: Forces Armées d'Haïti—FAd'H), consisted of the Haitian Army, Haitian Navy (at times), the Haitian Air Force, Haitian Coast Guard, Agence Nationale d'Intelligence (ANI) and some police forces (Port-au-Prince Police). The Army was always the dominant service with the others serving primarily in a support role. The name of Haiti's military was changed from The Indigenous Army (Armée Indigène) to
the Garde d'Haiti after the U.S. invasion and occupation of Haiti in 1915. Then to the Forces Armées d'Haïti—FAd'H in 1958 during the rule of François Duvalier. After years of military interference in politics, including dozens of military coups and attempted coups, Haiti disbanded its military in 1995.On 17 November 2017, the armed forces were remobilized by President Jovenel Moise. The President suspended the previous executive orders by then President Jean-Bertrand Aristide who suspended and disbanded the armed forces on 6 December 1995.

 History 

 Origins 
The origins of Haiti's military lie in the Haitian Revolution. A decade of warfare produced a military cadre from which Haiti's early leaders emerged. Defeat of the French demonstrated Haiti's considerable strategic stamina and tactical capabilities, but Haiti's victory did not translate into a successful national government or a strong economy. Lacking a strong constitution, Haiti was usually ruled by force. The armed forces, who had been united against the French, fragmented into warring regional factions. The military very soon took control of almost every aspect of Haitian life. Officers assumed responsibility for the administration of justice and for municipal management. According to a Haitian diplomat, the country was in its earlier days "an immense military camp." Without viable civilian institutions, Haiti was vulnerable to military personalities, who permanently shaped the nation's authoritarian, personalist, and coercive style of governance.

 19th century 
Haiti's defense fell victim to political vagaries. A readiness for battle and the initiation of defense-related engineering projects in the early 19th century turned out to be costly preparation for conflict against phantom armies. The engineering projects included construction of the citadel of La Ferrière in northern Haiti. Soon afterward, Haiti turned its attention toward the rest of the island of Hispaniola (La Isla Española), which Haiti controlled between 1822 and 1844. Controlling the whole island, however, drained the national treasury and induced torpor in the battle-hardened veterans of the wars of independence.
During the mid-19th century, prolonged instability weakened the military. By the end of the 19th century, Haiti's military had become little more than an undisciplined, ill-fed, and poorly paid militia that shifted its allegiances as battles were won or lost and as new leaders came to power. Between 1806 and 1879, an estimated 69 revolts against existing governments took place; another twenty uprisings, or attempted insurrections, broke out between 1908 and 1915.
During the second half of the 19th century, the army either failed to protect the central government or directly caused the government's collapse. Rural insurgent movements led by piquets and cacos limited the central government's authority in outlying areas. These groups carried on war into the 20th century; they were finally put down by the United States Marine Corps in 1919.
At the beginning of the 20th century, Haiti's political instability provoked interference of the great powers (France, Germany, and the United States). The increasing American interest in Haiti prompted the United States Navy to deploy to the country's ports fifteen times between 1876 and 1913 in order to protect American lives and property, and the United States Marines to occupy the whole country from 1915 to 1934.
The Haitian Navy was created in 1860 with the commissioning of a single gunboat. Two additional gunboats entered service in 1875 followed by a corvette ten years later. By 1900 three British and French-built gunboats had been launched. In 1902 the Haitian gunboat Crête-à-Pierrot had a brief engagement with a German warship. The Admiral of the Haitian fleet, Hammerton Killick, scuttled his ship rather than surrender.

 20th century 

 United States occupation 

The United States Marines disbanded Haiti's army, which consisted of an estimated 9,000 men, including 308 generals. In February 1916, the Haitian Constabulary (Gendarmerie d'Haïti) was formed. United States Marines and United States Navy officers and non-commissioned officers (NCOs) commanded the group. The Gendarmerie attempted to secure public safety, initially by subduing the cacos; to promote development, particularly road construction; and to modernize the military through the introduction of a training structure, a health service, and other improvements.
The United States occupation of Haiti brought order and resulted in some economic and social development. At the same time, the United States overhauled Haiti's disintegrated military infrastructure. The Gendarmerie became the Garde d'Haïti in 1928; the Garde formed the core of Haiti's armed forces after the United States administration ended. The United States sought to establish a modern, apolitical military force in Haiti. On the surface, it succeeded; the organization, the training, and the equipment of the Garde all represented improvements over the military conditions existing before the occupation.
After the United States occupation ended, the Haitian military was given the responsibility to ensure domestic law and order. This concern with internal, rather than with external security, endured throughout the 20th century.

 Post-occupation period 
The Haitian Coast Guard was created in the late 1930s. The Haitian Air Force was created in 1943.
Haiti became a party to a number of international agreements, including the Inter-American Treaty of Reciprocal Assistance (the Rio Treaty), the Charter of the Organization of American States, and the earlier Act of Chapultepec (1945). The nation's security concerns regarding neighboring Cuba and the Dominican Republic have been viewed since World War II within the broader framework of United States strategic interests in the Caribbean. The fact that the FAd'H deployed relatively few of its units along the Dominican border, despite a history of conflicts with its neighbor, reflects Haiti's limited national security concerns.

 Duvalier period 
After the establishment of the Duvalier regime in 1957, various external threats have had little impact on Haiti's security. The Duvaliers' tight control eliminated all Marxist influences in the country, thus minimizing the effects of the Cuban Revolution. It was not until 1986 that a communist party, the Unified Party of Haitian Communists (Parti Unifié Communiste Haïtien, PUCH), openly operated in the country. Cuba helped some Haitian refugees travel to Florida in the 1980s, but its overall interest in Haitian affairs has been unclear. The severity of Haiti's political and economic crises, along with the high profile of the United States in the region, has limited involvement by other countries in Haitian affairs.
Threats to Haiti's internal security, however, have been numerous during the past four decades. Between 1968 and 1970, the government repulsed three invasions supported by exiled Haitians. In 1970 the Coast Guard mutinied. The Coast Guard's five ships, low on fuel and ammunition, went into exile at the United States military base at Guantánamo, Cuba. In the early 1980s, Haitian military forces and members of the Volontaires de la Sécurité Nationale (VSN) defeated a small exile force on the Ile de la Tortue (Tortuga Island). An airplane dropped a bomb on the National Palace in 1982, and a car bomb exploded nearby in 1983. Exile groups, however, never posed a significant military challenge to the army and the VSN. The real challenge to these forces came in the popular domestic disturbances that developed after 1984.

 Post-Duvalier period 
After the collapse of the Duvalier regime in 1986, the FAd'H developed an agenda to exert national political leadership, to restore public order, and to gain control over the VSN and other paramilitary groups, but carrying out this program proved difficult, given Haiti's political, economic, and foreign policy situations.
The main mission of Haiti's armed forces in the late 1980s continued to be internal security. After 1986, however, this mission regularly conflicted with the national leadership role of the FAd'H. Generational and political differences among officers and a scarcity of resources for the military led to chronic instability that culminated in military coups. These coups caused the government to change hands four times in 1988. A fifth coup in early 1989, however, failed to topple the government. The two most important problems that the FAd'H had to face were, first, a divided senior military command and, second, suspicious junior officers and NCO personnel. These problems became apparent in 1988 when Avril ousted Namphy and subsequently dismissed a number of senior officers. The degree to which NCOs may have been manipulated in this process and the extent to which lower army echelons had begun to shape their own political attitudes caused some observers to doubt the military's future as an institution.
The challenges facing the FAd'H in the late 1980s were more political than military. The largest and most immediate questions revolved around the institution's ability to govern Haiti during a period of political transition and modernization. It remained unclear, in mid-1989, how and when the military planned to transfer power to a legitimate civilian government. Another important problem concerned the personal political ambitions of some army commanders. It was also unclear how the FAd'H would respond to these challenges because the institution had not demonstrated viable national political capabilities. The FAd'H was ill-prepared for this broad new role in national life because François Duvalier had severely limited its role in government affairs.
Other security-related problems included narcotics trafficking. United States officials have expressed concern over Haiti's role as a major transshipment area for narcotics, mainly Colombian cocaine bound for the United States. This role apparently expanded after Jean-Claude's fall. The United States Drug Enforcement Administration opened an office in Port-au- Prince in October 1987 to help Haitian authorities control drug trafficking; however, the lack of a professional police force in Haiti hindered these efforts. The FAd'H appeared ambivalent toward the narcotics issue because drug-related corruption reportedly involved hundreds of members of the officer corps and because some officers resented pressure from Washington. Avril, however, attempted to placate United States concerns by dismissing some officers linked to drug trafficking. The most prominent among the dismissed officers was Paul, a former commander of the Dessalines Battalion, who was indicted in March 1988 by a Florida grand jury on charges of cocaine distribution. Haiti had signed an extradition treaty with the United States, but the agreement did not cover narcotics-related offenses, so Paul never faced trial on the charges.
Paul's continued service in the army posed a political problem, and Avril asked him to retire. In November 1988, however, Paul died mysteriously, possibly a victim of poisoning. Paul's death removed a major narcotics figure and a potential threat to Avril's political power.
Unstable and unstructured civilian politics and institutions also undermined Haiti's stability. Some Duvalierists sought to use the armed forces completely or partially to restore the ancien régime. At the same time, more democracy-oriented civilian groups, all of which lacked strong institutional bases, continued to be suspicious of the army's political leadership. The weak economy and the international media's criticism of Haitian affairs resulted in financial and public-relations problems for the army; and, because Haiti's political environment remained volatile and because the army did not always appear to be in control of the country, Haiti faced more unrest and the possible development of insurgency movements. On the one hand, Haiti's armed forces was still one of the few institutions of national magnitude, but, on the other hand, the armed forces suffered from serious institutional deterioration and diminished cohesion. In 1989 the military was struggling to provide political leadership at a time when it faced its own disintegration.

 Disbandment 

After years of military interference in politics, including dozens of military coups (from two Duvalier-period attempts in 1958 and 1963 to the last one staged in 1991), Haiti disbanded its military in 1995. Haiti's National Assembly created new civilian law enforcement, with the heavily armed Haitian National Police, and the Haitian Coast Guard, with the help of the United States and the United Nations. Yet, to date there has been no official constitutional amendment to abolish the military. The United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH) has been authorized to complete the disarmament and demobilization of any remaining militias.Without its own military, Haiti relies heavily on United Nations (UN) peacekeeping forces. The multinational force has been responsible for quelling riots and preparing for democratic elections. Before UN forces arrived, a multilateral force made up of troops from Canada, Chile, France, and the United States helped stabilize the country under the interim leadership of President Boniface Alexandre.Haiti has no obvious external threats. Tensions have long existed between Haiti and the Dominican Republic, but the current border has been fixed since 1936.

 21st century 

 Reformation 

In 2017, it was announced that Haiti's government had launched a campaign to re-establish the army after MINUSTAH termination. According to the announcement, the government wanted to recruit about 500 men and women, between the ages of 18 and 25, who have passed their secondary education exams. The role of the army would be to help deal in times of natural disaster and to patrol Haitian borders.

 Haitian crisis (2018–present) 
Following the Assassination of Jovenel Moïse, the Haitian President, Haiti has fallen into a political crisis that has greatly destabilized the nation. As of March 2023, Haitian Prime Minister Ariel Henry signaled that he wanted to mobilize the Haitian military to deal with rising gang related violence that has swept much of the country in the wake of the crisis.

 Equipment 
The army and air force were the better equipped branches of the armed forces, with the navy the least equipped over the years and up to 1994.

 Aircraft 

Many of Haiti's air force aircraft were donated second hand from the United States and France:

North American Aviation F-51D Mustang fighters – 6 delivered 1950 and the last retired 1973/74, sold to Dominican Republic for parts
North American Aviation T-28 Trojan fighter trainer – 12 ex-French Air Force delivered 1973
Cessna O-2A Skymaster – 8 observation aircraft delivered 1975 and sold to Dominican Republic for parts
Sikorsky S-55 utility helicopters
Curtiss-Wright C-46 Commando transport
de Havilland Mosquito light bomber – 8 ex-Royal Air Force delivered 1946
de Havilland Canada DHC-2 Beaver/de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter utility transport
Hughes Helicopters 269C utility/trainer helicopter – 3
Hughes Helicopters 369CC utility/trainer helicopter – 2
Sikorsky S-58T (CH-34 ChoctawC)
Aermacchi SF.260TP Warrior trainer
Cessna 150 – 3/
Cessna 172 Skyhawk trainer – 1
Lockheed C-60 Lodestar
Boeing S-307 Stratoliner
Cessna 310
Douglas C-47 Dakota
Beech 58 Baron
Cessna 402 Utililiner
IAI 201 Arava
Piper PA-34 Seneca
Cessna 303
Beech 65 Queen Air
Fairchild PT-19 trainer
North American Aviation North American T-6G Texan trainer
Vultee Aircraft Vultee BT-13A Valiant trainer
Beech Bonanza F33 trainer
SIAI-Machetti S-211 jet trainer, retired and put up for sale on 23 April 1990, 2 sold to United States Private companies and 2 to Republic of Singapore Air ForceAfter remobilization of Haitian Air Force by President Jovenel Moïse, Haitian Air Force will purchase military aircraft from Russia, China, Brazil and Israel in 2020 as part of an overall re-equipment plan.

 Small Arms/Artillery/Armored vehicles 
The equipment of the last standing army, most of it from the United States, was taken by the US Army in the 1990s during Operation Uphold Democracy:

Cadillac-Gage V-100 Light Armoured Vehicle
M1916 75 mm towed guns
M101 105 mm towed howitzers
M16 assault rifle
Heckler & Koch G3 battle rifle
Beretta M1951 pistol
Uzi sub-machine gunAfter remobilization of Haitian Army by President Jovenel Moïse, Haitian Army will purchase military ground vehicles from Russia, China, Brazil, South Korea, and Israel in 2019 as part of an overall re-equipment plan.

 Naval fleet 
The Haitian naval fleet existed in the early 20th century and later 20th century. Mostly a riverine navy, the navy was overpowered by the United States Navy in the early 20th century.

Ex Italian cruiser Umbria (1910–1911) renamed Consul Gostrück
frigate Améthyste (1809–?)
gunboat Crête-à-Pierrot (1896–1902)
gunboat Croyant (1903–1908)
gunboat Centenaire (1904–1911?)
gunboat Vertières (1908–1915)
gunboat Pacifique
gunboat Liberté (1910–1911)
260-ton steel gunboat
iron corvette
Two armed sloopsThe ships (mainly cruisers) from the fleet that existed in the 1980s was handed over to the Haitian Coast Guard following the disbandment of the military.
After remobilization of the Haitian Navy by President Jovenel Moïse, the Haitian Navy will purchase military ships from Russia, China, and South Korea in 2022 as part of an overall re-equipment plan.

 Current forces 

 Haitian Army 

The functions of the Haitian army are the following: 

Maintain the national borders
Establish doctrines for the various operations it has to undertake
Participate in military mobilization programs
And actively achieve readiness to develop technologies and scientifical advances for the advancement of national defense

 Haitian National Police 

The Haitian National Police is tasked with providing law enforcement and security for Haiti. The force currently numbers more than 8,500 police officers, and is expected to reach 14,000. The force consists of the General and Administrative Services, the Administrative Police, the Judicial Police, the SWAT team, and the Presidential Protection Unit. The Police also has several paramilitary units for defense.
The Haitian police uses the following weapons:

IMI Galil
IWI Tavor X95
IWI ACE
IWI Negev
R4 assault rifle
M16 rifle
M4 Carbine
FN SCAR
Browning M2
Benelli M4
Heckler & Koch MP5

 Haitian Coast Guard 

The Haitian Coast Guard is charged with law enforcement, security, and search and rescue operations. It maintains bases in Port-au-Prince, Cap-Haïtien, and Jacmel. It is led by the Commandant of the Coast Guard, an Assistant Commandant, an Operations Manager, and a Head of Administration. The force currently has 19 vessels. Officially, it is a part of the Haitian National police.

 Military related statistics 
Manpower available for military service: 2,047,083 males age 16–49, 2,047,953 females age 16–49 (2008 estimate)
Manpower fit for military service: 1,303,743 males age 16–49, 1,332,316 females age 16–49 (2008 estimate)
Manpower reaching militarily significant age annually: 105,655 males, 104,376 females (2008 estimate)
Military expenditures: 0.4% of GDP in 2006

 Foreign military forces 
In June 2005, the United Nations Security Council authorized a reinforcement of the UN Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH)—from 6,700 troops and 1,600 civilian police to 7,500 troops and 1,900 civilian police—to provide security during the run-up to national elections in February 2006. On June 6, 2005, the UN military force launched a coordinated series of operations against armed gangs in Port-au-Prince. By February 2006, 21 nations had contributed military personnel, and 31 nations had contributed police personnel to MINUSTAH. Brazil was the largest single contributor of military personnel with 1,200 troops. From February to May 2005, the U.S. Southern Command carried out a humanitarian mission in Haiti entitled "New Horizons 2005." The task force built schools, drilled wells, provided preventative health services, and set up temporary housing for orphaned children. Troops from all branches of the U.S. armed forces participated.

 See also 
Military history of Haiti
List of commanders-in-chief of the Armed Forces of Haiti
Tonton Macoute
Gendarmerie of Haiti
Defence Force of Haiti

 References 

 External links and bibliography 
The US Navy in the Caribbean 1903–1920, Presence, prevention and persuasion – A Historical Analysis of Military Force Edward Rhodes, 2004 p 160–161
Haitian Air Force
"Haiti". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 20 November 2008. Retrieved 2008-11-26. This article incorporates text from this source, which is in the public domain. Country Studies. Federal Research Division.
Christopher Langton, Military Balance 2007, Routledge

Miss Cleo
Youree Dell Harris (August 12, 1962 – July 26, 2016) was an American television personality and actress best known for portraying Miss Cleo, a spokeswoman for a psychic pay-per-call-minute service called Psychic Readers Network, in a series of television commercials that aired from 1997 to 2003. Harris used various aliases, including Ree Perris, Youree Cleomili, Youree Dell Harris, Youree Perris, Rae Dell Harris, Cleomili Perris Youree, and Cleomili Harris.

 Early life 
Youree Harris was born on August 12, 1962, at Los Angeles County Hospital to Alisa Teresa Hopis and David Harris, and raised in a Catholic Afro-Caribbean family. She attended, as a boarder, Ramona Convent Secondary School, a Catholic girls' school in Alhambra, California.Seattle Post-Intelligencer's Dorothy Parvaz reported that University of Southern California found no records that Harris had enrolled for four classes in 1980, as reported by People magazine.

 Career 

 Seattle 
In 1996, Harris as "Ree Perris", wrote a play entitled For Women Only, playing a Jamaican woman named "Cleo", in Seattle.In 1997, Harris as "Ree Perris", produced and performed two plays with the Langston Hughes Performing Arts Center in Seattle, Summer Rhapsody and Supper Club Cafe.Her last project, Supper Club Cafe in 1997, was not successful, and she "left town with a trail of debts and broken promises", according to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Some of the cast of her productions claimed that they were never paid, and that Harris "told her cast members she had bone cancer" and "her medical costs would prevent her from paying people immediately", but she wrote each actor and crew member a letter telling him or her how much money she owed them.

 Psychic Readers Network 
In January 1993, Steven Feder and Peter Stolz (sometimes spelled: Stotz Stoltz Stolz) started Psychic Advisors Network, launched to compete with Psychic Friends Network using Philip Michael Thomas, Billy Dee Williams and Catherine Oxenberg.In 1997, Harris moved to Florida, met Steven Feder and Peter Stolz, Fort Lauderdale cousins behind Access Resource Services, doing business as Psychic Readers Network and took a call-taker job as reader No. 16153. Harris was using the Jamaican accent when she moved to Florida and began working as a tarot-reading psychic for a telemarketing center. Harris was approached by Access Resource Services while working at an event in a Pompano Beach, Florida, mall and agreed to appear in an ad in 2000.
"the whole point was two things: keeping people on the phone as long as possible...and...telling people what they wanted to hear"
In the late 1990s, Harris began work for the Psychic Readers Network under the name Cleo. She appeared as a television infomercial psychic in which she claimed to be a shaman from Jamaica. Her employers' website also stated that Harris had been born in Trelawny, Jamaica, and grown up there.The network used the title "Miss Cleo" and sent unsolicited emails, some of which stated, "[Miss Cleo has] been authorized to issue you a Special Tarot Reading!... it is vital that you call immediately!" Charges of deceptive advertising and of fraud on the part of the network began to surface around this time. Among the complaints were allegations that calls to Miss Cleo were answered by her "associates" who were actors reading from scripts, and that calls promoted as "free" were in fact charged for.A tie-in book, Keepin' It Real: A Practical Guide for Spiritual Living appeared in 2001. Its authorship was attributed to Miss Cleo.In 2001, Access Resource Services, doing business as Psychic Readers Network, was sued in various lawsuits originating in Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Missouri, New York, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Florida and elsewhere, as well as the Federal Communications Commission,In 2002, the Federal Trade Commission charged the company's owners and Harris' promoters, Steven Feder and Peter Stolz, with deceptive advertising, billing, and collection practices; Harris was not indicted. The network had billed its victims for an estimated $1 billion. Her promoters agreed to settle by erasing $500 million of debt owed by its victims to the network and paying a $5 million fine to the Federal Trade Commission. It emerged during a lawsuit in Florida that Harris had been born in Los Angeles, and that her parents were American citizens.The state of Florida also sued Harris under a provision of the law that allowed spokespeople to be held liable. Dave Aronberg of the Florida Attorney General’s Office led the state’s case against her. His successor dropped the charges.

 After Psychic Readers Network 
On 11 July 2001, Harris started a company, Waghwaan Entertainment.Harris voiced the character of Auntie Poulet in the 2002 video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.In 2003, the New York Daily News reported that TV music network Fuse had signed Harris as a spokeswoman. In early 2005, Harris was reportedly appearing on television as Miss Cleo in advertisements for a used car dealership in Florida, according to the Broward-Palm Beach New Times.Harris offered "readings", priced from $75 to $250, and "weddings", priced from $350 and up. Harris had a podcast.In September 2007, Harris released a spoken-word CD, Convicted for My Beliefs.Under the name Cleomili Harris she spoke, from Toronto, about her experiences at the Psychic Readers Network in the 2014 documentary Hotline, which focuses on the history of telephone hotlines.

 Psychic Readers Network's "Miss Cleo" lawsuits 
In 2015, as Miss Cleo, Harris appeared in a series of advertisements for the General Mills breakfast cereal French Toast Crunch. The Psychic Readers Network sued on the basis that they owned the character of Miss Cleo. The advertisements were discontinued.The Psychic Readers Network sued Benefit Cosmetics, a Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessey subsidiary,  for using Harris as "Miss Cleo" in a makeup commercial, as the persona's owner.

 Personal life and death 
Harris married at age 19, gave birth to a daughter, and divorced at age 21. She had a second daughter while in her late 20s. In 2006, she came out as a lesbian.Harris developed colorectal cancer, which metastasized. She died under hospice care in Palm Beach, Florida, on July 26, 2016, at the age of 53.In December 2022, HBO Max released a feature documentary about Harris' life titled Call Me Miss Cleo.

 See also 

 References 

 External links 
The Real Ms. Cleo
Youree Dell Harris at IMDb
Miss Cleo on The Jenny Jones Show
Paul A. Lucas. (2005) Miss Cleo Ridiculous Infomercial Review
Flawed and Fraud - Skeptical Inquirer

Husniddin Gafurov
Husniddin Gofurov (Uzbek: Хусниддин Ғофуров, born 29 July 1994) is an Uzbek professional footballer who plays as a winger for Surkhon Termez, on loan from Pakhtakor Tashkent FK.

 Club career 
Born in Fergana, Gofurov played in 2012–13 season with NBU Osiyo in Uzbekistan before moving to Serbia. In 2013, he became the best goal scorer of NBU Osiyo in Uzbekistan First League, scoring 14 goals totally and 13 of them in first phase of championship. In summer 2013 he signed a three-year contract with FK Javor Ivanjica. On 31 August 2013, he made his debut in the 2013–14 Serbian SuperLiga as a started in a fourth-round match against FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda.On 15 January 2018, Gafurov signed two-year contract with Lokomotiv Tashkent. He won the 2018 Uzbekistan Super League and the 2019 Uzbekistan Super Cup with Lokomotiv. Next, on 21 July 2019, he signed with rivals Pakhtakor Tashkent.

 International career 
Gafurov was part of the Uzbekistan U17 national team camp in May 2013.On 19 May 2014, Gafurov was called up for friendly match against Oman.He made his official debut for national team on 27 May 2014 for match against Oman, playing in starting line-up.In 2016, he had plenty of activity at youth level. In January, he was member of the Uzbekistan U-23 team at the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship, and, in October, he was member of was member of Uzbekistan U-19 at the 2016 AFC U-19 Championship.

 International goals 

 Honours 
Lokomotiv Tashkent

Uzbekistan Super League: 2018
Uzbekistan Super Cup: 2019Pakhtakor Tashkent

Uzbekistan Super League: 2019
Uzbek Cup: 2019

 References 

 External links 
Husniddin Gafurov at Soccerway
Husniddin Gafurov at National-Football-Teams.com
Husniddin Gafurov – UEFA competition record (archive)

Pearl, Mississippi
Pearl is a city located in Rankin County, Mississippi, United States, on the east side of the Pearl River across from the state capital Jackson. The population was 27,115 as of the 2020 census. It is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Pearl is the most populous city in Rankin County, and the 12th most populous city in the state. 

 History 
After the American Civil War, the bottomlands of the Pearl River were developed for agriculture. The population was sparse until the mid-1900s when the development of the state capital Jackson in Hinds County to the west spilled over into Rankin County. New residents and industry settled here. Thereafter, growth in the area came from the urban expansion of the capital, control of flood threats from the Pearl River, and improved transportation due to accessible interstates and Jackson-Evers International Airport.
On September 16, 1968, a community meeting was held to discuss the incorporation of Pearl, with all but six of the 657 attending residents favoring incorporation. A "Boundary Committee" proposed several possible boundaries a little more than a month later. The following January the community voted for an 11 square miles (28 km2) boundary that included the Pearl River to Airport Road, excluding East Jackson and all areas south of Interstate 20 except Cunningham Heights and Grandview Heights. A majority at that meeting also agreed to name the city "Pearl", rather than the alternative proposals of "Riverview" or "Brightsville".
Pearl was affected by the violence of the Ku Klux Klan, and was white-only for most of the 20th Century. In 1970, Pearl had 9,613 white residents and 10 black residents. By the 1990s Pearl had become more racially integrated, and by 2010 blacks made up 23% of the population.The first mayor, Harris Harvey, was elected, along with council members Jimmy Joe Thompson, W.D. McAlpin, James Netherland, Ophelia Byrd, Mack C Atwood, W.L. Maddox, and Bobby Joe Davis. With the Mississippi Supreme Court ruling of June 5, 1973, the incorporation could proceed. A week later, the state legislature issued a charter. On June 29, 1973, Governor William Winter presided over the first annual Pearl Day Celebration, with the swearing in of the city's new officials, who met for the first time on July 3, 1973.
The Pearl Municipal Separate School District was created on May 18, 1976, by an Ordinance of the City of Pearl Mayor and Board of Aldermen. The first franchise by the City of Pearl for cable television installation was granted on July 6, 1976. The Pearl Chamber of Commerce was formed on August 24, 1978.
On October 1, 1997, Luke Woodham went on a shooting spree that ended at Pearl High School, killing two and injuring seven, after earlier stabbing his mother to death.
Over the years the city has redeveloped the former Pearl High School into City Hall, including the Pearl Police Department, public works departments, and city courts. A large auditorium-style Community Center was built next door. Its clock tower is inscribed with the names of graduates of Pearl High School for the period 1949 through 1989 while the high school occupied the building. A 25,000 sq ft (2,300 m2) library opened near City Hall on July 18, 2005.

 Geography 
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 22.0 square miles (57 km2), of which 21.8 square miles (56 km2) is land and 0.2 square miles (0.52 km2) (1.00%) is water. Neighboring settlements include Flowood, Brandon, Richland, and the state capital Jackson.
According to its 2008 Annual Drinking Water Quality Report, Pearl's drinking water comes from the Sparta Sand Aquifer via nine wells that draw the water from it.

 Demographics 

 2020 census 
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 27,115 people, 10,463 households, and 6,662 families residing in the city.

 2000 census 
As of the census of 2000, there were 21,961 people, 8,608 households, and 6,025 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,005.9 inhabitants per square mile (388.4/km2). There were 9,128 housing units at an average density of 418.1 per square mile (161.4/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 81.18% White, 16.24% African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.79% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.78% from other races, and 0.75% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.03% of the population.
There were 8,608 households, out of which 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were married couples living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.0% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.05.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 10.1% from 18 to 24, 31.8% from 25 to 44, 21.4% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.6 males.
In the most recent census (2010), the racial demographics have changed similar to many other Jackson suburbs. The following are the most current demographics: White alone 69.8%, African American 23.0%, American Indian and Alaska Native 0.2%, Asian 0.9%, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander 0.2%, Two or More Races 1.7%, Hispanic 6.4%.
The median income for a household in the city was $37,617, and the median income for a family was $42,013. Males had a median income of $30,860 versus $24,610 for females. The per capita income for the city was $17,136. About 9.2% of families and 12.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.3% of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.

 Sports 

The  Mississippi Braves or "M-Braves", a Class AA minor league baseball affiliate of the Atlanta Braves moved from Greenville, South Carolina to Pearl before the 2005 season. The M-Braves play in the Southern League. The team had their first game in the brand new Trustmark Park on April 18, 2005, losing to the Montgomery Biscuits.

 Parks and recreation 
Pearl is home to many parks and recreational facilities.

Center City Complex – softball, baseball, soccer, and offices of the Parks and Recreation Department (has been the site of several United States Specialty Sports Association Regional and National Tournaments)
Pearl Activity Center (Old Boys Club) – baseball, meeting room, and gymnasium
Bright Park – A 2/3 mile physical fitness walking trail through nature and picnic areas
City Park – A family recreation area which includes, picnic areas, reserveable pavilion, children's playground, tennis courts, basketball court, and covered stage
Jenkins Park – A family recreation facility, children's playground, picnic areas, pavilion, 1/2 mile walking trail, and softball field
Old Library Walking Trail – A 1/4 mile walking trail
Henry F. Shepherd Field Walking Trail – A 1/4 mile walking track around the old Pearl High School football field
Center City Walking Trail – A 1-mile (1.6 km) walking trail winding through the scenic wooded terrain
Pearl Municipal Golf Course – An 18-hole public golf course with a Club House and short order restaurant

 Government 

 Municipal government 
The City of Pearl is led by an elected Mayor and Board of Aldermen. Each serves a four-year term. Five of the six aldermen represent single-member districts; the sixth is elected at-large.

 State representation 
The Mississippi Department of Corrections Central Mississippi Correctional Facility is in an unincorporated area in Rankin County, near Pearl. In 2007 the Mississippi Highway Patrol opened a driver's license facility across the highway from the prison.The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality operates the Central Regional Office and the MDEQ Laboratory in unincorporated Rankin County, near Pearl.

 Education 

 Colleges and universities 
Hinds Community College Rankin Campus (state two-year college)The Rankin County campus of Hinds Community College opened in Pearl on July 1, 1983.

 Primary and secondary schools 
The City of Pearl's public schools are served by the Pearl Public School District whose Board is appointed by the City of Pearl Board of Aldermen.

Pearl High School
Pearl Junior High School
Pearl Upper Elementary
Pearl Lower Elementary
Northside Elementary

 Private schools 
Faith Academy – Grades Pre-kindergarten through 8 (part of the Midsouth Association of Independent Schools)
Park Place Christian Academy – Grades Pre-kindergarten through 12. PPCA graduated its first senior class in May 2012.

 Infrastructure 

 Transportation 

 Air travel 
Pearl is served by Jackson-Evers International Airport, located at Allen C. Thompson Field in Rankin County.

 Ground transportation 
Interstate 55
Interstate 20
U.S. Highway 49
U.S. Highway 80 - the main corridor through Pearl
Mississippi Highway 25 - also known as Lakeland Drive
Mississippi Highway 475

 Public safety 
Law enforcement within the city limits of Pearl is handled by the Pearl Police Department. The City has no jail facilities and instead uses the Rankin County Jail, which is operated by the Rankin County Sheriff's Department.Fire protection and prevention within the city limits of Pearl is handled by the Pearl Fire Department. The department operates four stations throughout the city.

 Notable people 
Ty Tabor - singer, guitarist for King's X
LeAnn Rimes - singer

 References 

 External links 
 

City of Pearl official web site
Pearl Chamber of Commerce

Wander Moura
Wander do Prado Moura (born 22 February 1969) is a retired long-distance runner from Brazil, who won the gold medal in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Argentina. His winning time of 8:14.41 at the event was a Games record, Brazilian record and a South American record for the event.He is holding the 2000 meters steeplechase  under 20 Years old South American and Brasílian record, 5:34.16 since 1988.
He went tô the final in the world championship junior in 1988 in the 3000 meters steeplechase, 4th place sudbury Canadá.
Second place in the 2000 steeplechase in Quito, Ecuador ,1986 high-altitude 6:16.34.
First place in the South American  in the 2000 meters steeplechase under 20 5:46.26 Santiago do Chile in 1987.
He competed at the 1993 World Championships in Athletics, representing Brazil, but did not manage to progress to the steeplechase final. He had success at continental level, however, and won a silver medal at the South American Championships in Athletics in 1991 and became the continental champion in 1997.

 International competitions 
8 Times Brazilian champion in 3000  steeplechase

 1996
13:36:86 Triton Stadium Meeting Record San Diego CA USA - 5000m
Gold 1st
3:41.84 Triton Stadium Meeting Record San Diego CA USA - 1500m
Gold 1st
08:14:41  South American Record
08:14 41 Brazilian Record since 1995 
08:14 41 South American Record since 1995 
08:14 41 Pan American Games Record since 1995
5:24.36 Brazilian and South American Record 1995

 References 

 External links 
Wander Moura at World Athletics

81st Golden Globe Awards
The 81st Golden Globe Awards was an awards ceremony for film and American television productions of 2023. It was broadcast live on January 7, 2024, from The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California, beginning at 5:00 p.m. PST / 8:00 p.m. EST, on CBS and streamed on Paramount+ in the United States. It was produced by Dick Clark Productions, Ricky Kirshner, and Glenn Weiss; the latter also served as director. This was the first ceremony after Dick Clark Productions and Eldridge Industries took full control of the Golden Globes from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. The ceremony was also the first to air live on CBS in the United States since 1982. Comedian Jo Koy hosted the ceremony.The nominees were announced on December 11, 2023. Barbie and Succession both tied for the most nominations with nine each, followed by Oppenheimer with eight.The ceremony also featured the debut of two new categories: "Cinematic and Box Office Achievement" and "Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television"Additionally, the cultural phenomenon of "Barbenheimer" received seventeen nominations, winning seven.

 Ceremony information 
This was the first Golden Globe Awards ceremony after the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) disbanded in 2023. On June 12, 2023, the HFPA announced that all of its rights and properties related to the Golden Globes were acquired by Dick Clark Productions and Eldridge Industries.On February 21, 2023, the date of the ceremony was announced. It came back on a Sunday night slot after being moved to Tuesday for the previous year. On September 18, 2023, Glenn Weiss and Ricky Kirshner were announced as its executive producers and showrunners. On November 17, 2023, it was announced that CBS had acquired the broadcast rights to the ceremony, replacing the Golden Globes' long-time U.S. broadcast partner NBC.The nominations were announced on December 11, 2023, during an event co-hosted by Cedric the Entertainer and Wilmer Valderrama. Most of the categories were revealed during a live-streaming presentation, while ten of the categories were revealed during another segment on CBS Mornings.On December 21, comedian and actor Jo Koy was announced as the host. Before this announcement, it was reported that a source with knowledge of the conversations told CNN that at least five A-list comedic actors, including Chris Rock, declined offers to host. That same month, TheWrap reported that 64 voters threatened to withhold their final-round votes in protest, after being told that they would not be given tickets to the ceremony.With the awards no longer being overseen by the HFPA, a new, racially and ethnically diverse group of voters consisting of 300 journalists representing 76 countries selected the 2023 nominees and winners.For her portrayal of Mollie Burkhart in Killers of the Flower Moon, Lily Gladstone became the first Indigenous actor to win a Golden Globe Award, winning for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama.

 Expansion 
On September 26, 2023, it was announced that two new categories would be added for the upcoming ceremony: "Cinematic and Box Office Achievement" (a category for films that grossed at least $100 million domestically and $150 million worldwide) and "Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television" (also known as "Best Stand-Up Comedian on Television"). Some critics felt that the new categories were an attempt to improve the ceremony's viewership and relevance, with comparisons drawn to the Academy Awards' attempt to introduce a category for "Popular Film" in 2018.

 Reduction 
The two Lifetime Achievement Awards (the Cecil B. DeMille Award and the Carol Burnett Award) were not presented this year, but expected to return in the future. Executive Vice President Tim Gray explained that with the change in ownership and status, and 25 of the competitive categories expanding from 5 nominees to 6, the increase will also include a reduction with no presentation of the two aforementioned awards for this year. "This is not a permanent change, with future awards slated to be given," Gray wrote in a post on the Globes' official website.

 Winners and nominees 

 Film 

 Films with multiple nominations 
The following films received multiple nominations:

 Films with multiple wins 
The following films received multiple wins:

 Television 

 Series with multiple nominations 
The following television series received multiple nominations:

 Series with multiple wins 
The following series received multiple wins:

 Presenters 

 Reception 

 Criticism of Jo Koy's opening monologue 
Host Jo Koy's opening monologue was met with criticism from viewers and critics with many describing his jokes as "cringeworthy", "painful", and "unfunny". Chelsey Sanchez of Harper's Bazaar described the monologue as "awkward" and "distasteful". Koy was also criticised for putting blame on his writers during the monologue, coming after the lengthy 2023 Writers Guild of America strike. Justin Curto of Vulture noted that when some of his jokes fell flat, Koy "immediately threw his writers under the bus... He yelled. 'Yo, shut up. You're kidding me, right. Slow down. I wrote some of these and they're the ones you're laughing at'". Marlow Stern of Rolling Stone noted that many of Koy's jokes drew "groans" and "boos" from the audience.Among jokes that drew the most ire were those about the film Barbie, and attending nominees Robert De Niro, Meryl Streep and Taylor Swift; the latter's reaction went viral. Shirley Li of The Atlantic wrote: "Practically every joke failed to land, mostly because the punchlines were dated or obvious." Nicole Sperling of The New York Times, who was in the audience that night, wrote that she had "never seen an audience rebel against an emcee so quickly" and cited a prominent film director describing the monologue as a "disaster".Conversely, four-time Academy Awards host and comedian Whoopi Goldberg defended Koy on The View, saying: "These hosting gigs are brutal. They're just brutal. If you don't know the room, if you've not been in these rooms before and you're sort of thrust out there, it's hit or miss. Now, I love Jo Koy, he makes me crazy because he's funny. I don't know whether it was the room, I don't know whether it was the jokes, I didn't get to see it. But I do know, that he is as good as it gets when it comes to stand-ups and it is not an easy gig." Actor and comedian Steve Martin also threw his support behind Koy on Threads, writing: "I tip my hat to anyone who steps out on stage to host a live awards show. It's a very difficult job and not for the squeamish. I know because I'm still throwing up from the last time I did it in 2010. So, Congratulations to Jo Koy, who took on the toughest gig in show business, hit, missed, was light on his feet and now has twenty minutes of new material for his stand up!"Furthermore, comedian Michael Che supported Koy by writing that "comedians should boycott hosting award shows" on Instagram. When questioned about Koy's jokes aimed toward her film Barbie, director Greta Gerwig replied that she was not offended. On Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, actor and comedian Kevin Hart said he has "no reaction" to the backlash and went on to praise Koy for being a "phenomenal comedian". In a Facebook post by Filipino actor and comedian Michael V., he posted: "I think Jo Koy's Golden Globes jokes are funny, direct and pretty much self-explanatory. The last thing Jo Koy should be doing is trying to explain it to people who purposely choose NOT to understand and appreciate them."Koy responded to the criticism in an interview with Good Morning America, admitting: "I'd be lying if [I said] it doesn't hurt," but also admitted, "I had fun. You know, it was a moment that I'll always remember. Hosting is just a tough gig. Yes, I'm a stand-up comic, but that hosting position it's a different style. I kind of went in and did the writer's thing. We had ten days to write this monologue. It was a crash course. I feel bad, but I got to still say I loved what I did." In his first stand-up set afterward, Koy mocked the Hollywood celebrities, alluding: "Lot a marshmallows, man. They're delicious, but goddamn, they're soft. I just come from a different time. I see the changes that are happening. I get it, but goddamn, can we fucking laugh at ourselves?"

 See also 

 References 

 External links 
Golden Globes official website
81st Golden Globe Awards at IMDb 
Golden Globes Changes Add Up to Success at Golden Globes
Jo Koy to Host 81st Annual Golden Globe® Awards at Golden Globes
The 81st Golden Globe® Awards to Air Live on CBS at Golden Globes
Presenters Announced for the 81st Annual Golden Globe® Awards at Golden Globes
The 81st Golden Globe Awards for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 Press Release at Golden Globes

East-Central Minnesota Pride
East-Central Minnesota Pride is the yearly celebration of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) residents in the rural area near Pine City, Minnesota, United States. At the time of its inception, it was the first rural community in the U.S. to hold a Pride It was also the first pride gathering held outside of a metropolitan area in Minnesota. The celebration is held during the first weekend in June in Pine City, Minnesota.

 Background 
East Central Minnesota is made of Pine, Isanti, Chisago, Kanabec, and Mille Lacs counties. The 2010 US Census identified Pine City and its surrounding area home to one of the highest concentration same-sex coupled households of any non-metropolitan areas in the state. To recognize the 5th anniversary of the East Central Men’s Circle which provides support to gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning men in the area, a picnic was held in 2005. Hundreds of people turned out for the occasion. This event is recognised as the first East Central Minnesota Pride event. East-Central Minnesota Pride became an official nonprofit in 2010. In 2020 the event was canceled to help prevent the spread of COVID-19.
Other communities organizations and groups have since become involved in the planning and running of the event including  East Central Purple Circle, group of Lesbian, Queer & allied women in the region, and East Central Minnesota Parents, Families, and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (PFLAG).

 Controversies 
Counter-ProtestsEarly Prides were subject to counter-protests across town in a separate park, and were billed as pro family events.  Rural Pine County residents claimed they were offended by a Pride advertisement stating, "It's okay to be GAY in Pine City", featuring a pink boa on the town's iconic monument, François the Voyageur.
"Bad Apples" CommentIn 2014, Pine County Commissioner Mitch Pangerl called Pride organizers "bad apples" at a County Board meeting for using a community sign on school property to promote the event. The sign referenced was used by more than 20 community groups and nonprofit organizations until East Central Minnesota Pride, also a nonprofit, wanted space to promote its event; then, the school voted to use the sign only for school-related events. 
Host Martina MarraccinoIn 2022, concerns were expressed that Marraccino was an inappropriate emcee for the Pride event due to his past experience as a pornographic film actor. The City of Pine City stood by the event and did not withhold any necessary permitting for it to occur.

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 

East Central Minnesota Pride - Official Website

Mask Girl
Mask Girl (Korean: 마스크걸) is a 2023 South Korean black comedy crime thriller streaming television series written and directed by Kim Yong-hoon, and starring Lee Han-byeol,  Nana, Go Hyun-jung, Ahn Jae-hong, and Yeom Hye-ran. It is based on the Naver webtoon of the same name by Mae-mi and Hee-se, which was published between 2015 and 2018. It was released on Netflix on August 18, 2023.

 Synopsis 
Kim Mo-mi (Lee Han-byeol/Nana/Go Hyun-jung), an office worker who is insecure about her looks, becomes a masked internet personality by night—until a chain of unexpected, ill-fated events overtakes her life.

 Cast 

 Main 
Lee Han-byeol as Kim Mo-mi/Mask Girl (in 2009, before surgery)Nana as Kim Mo-mi/A-reum (after plastic surgery)
Go Hyun-jung as Kim Mo-mi/No. 1047 (in 2023)
Ahn Jae-hong as Joo Oh-nam: an ordinary office worker who is Mo-mi's co-worker and Mask Girl's regular viewer whom he admires
Yeom Hye-ran as Kim Kyung-ja: Oh-nam's overprotective mother who seeks revenge against Mo-mi

 Supporting 
Park Jung-hwa as Lee A-reum: Mo-mi colleague
Choi Daniel as Park Gi-hoon: Mo-mi's boss
Kim Min-seo as Kim Ye-chun: Mi-mo's best friend
Moon Sook as Sim Young-hee: Mo-mi's mother
Shin Ye-seo as Kim Mi-mo: Mo-mi's daughter
Han Jae-Yi as Kim Chun-ae: Mo-mi's best friend
Kim Ga-hee as Yoo Sang-soon: Mo-mi's colleague
Lee Soo-mi as Ahn Eun-suk
Jang Won-young as Manager Kim
Lee Seon-hee as Chief Oh: a prison warden
Lee Jun-young as Choi Bu-yong: Chun-ae's boyfriend in a special appearance

 Episodes 

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 
Mask Girl on Netflix 
Mask Girl at IMDb 
Mask Girl at HanCinema

Alaska Airlines Flight 1282
Alaska Airlines Flight 1282 was a scheduled U.S. domestic flight operated by Alaska Airlines from Portland International Airport in Portland, Oregon, to Ontario International Airport in Ontario, California. Shortly after takeoff on January 5, 2024, a door plug (a structure installed to replace an optional emergency exit door) on the Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft, which was not bolted in place due to a manufacturing error, blew out causing an uncontrolled decompression of the aircraft. The aircraft returned to Portland for an emergency landing. All 171 passengers and six crew members survived the accident, with three receiving minor injuries. An investigation of the accident by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is ongoing.

 Aircraft 
The aircraft involved was a Boeing 737 MAX 9 (typically referred to as model 737-9 in official FAA documents) with manufacturer's serial number 67501, fuselage line number 8789, and registered as N704AL. It was around two months old at the time of the accident: it first flew on October 15, 2023, was delivered to Alaska Airlines on October 31, and entered service on November 11. At the time of the accident, the aircraft had logged 510 total flight hours and 154 flights.

The MAX 9 has optional rear mid-cabin emergency exit doors, on each side of the aircraft behind the wings. Aircraft with dense seating configurations, such as the MAX 9s operated by Lion Air (220 seats) and Corendon Dutch Airlines (213 seats), require these additional emergency exit doors and slides to meet regulatory requirements for evacuation speed. On aircraft with less dense configurations, such as those operated by Alaska Airlines (178 seats) and United Airlines (179 seats), the doors are not required and plugs are installed in their place. Compared to leaving the exit door in place, the plug is lighter, offers a full-sized passenger window, and does not have the complexity of a door with its operations and maintenance concerns. On the interior of the aircraft, the plugs are covered with cabin panels no different in appearance from a regular window panel.The door plug was manufactured by Spirit AeroSystems in Malaysia on March 24, 2023. It arrived at Spirit's factory in Wichita, Kansas on May 10, 2023 where the fuselage is assembled. It was installed on the fuselage before it was shipped by train on August 20, 2023 for final assembly at the Boeing Renton Factory in Renton, Washington.After the fuselage arrived at the Boeing Renton Factory on August 31, 2023, five damaged rivets were found on the fuselage near the door plugs. The plug was removed so that Spirit AeroSystems employees could fix the rivets. Once the repair was made, the door was reinstalled, but not bolted into place.From November 27 to December 7, the aircraft was under modification by AAR Corp at a facility in Oklahoma City to install a satellite antenna (for in-flight internet service) atop the rear fuselage, in the vicinity of the door plugs. AAR stated on January 8 that they did not perform any work involving the plugs themselves.

 Accident 
Flight 1282 took off from Portland International Airport on January 5, 2024, at 5:07 p.m. PST. Six crew members and 171 passengers were aboard the flight.Approximately six minutes after takeoff, the factory-installed door plug filling the port-side opening for the optional emergency exit door separated from the airframe, causing an uncontrolled decompression of the aircraft. The aircraft's oxygen masks deployed during the accident. No one was in seat 26A, which was immediately next to the hole. Three passengers experienced minor injuries that required medical attention and some passengers' items were lost when they were sucked out of the opening.
A teenage boy seated in row 25 had his shirt ripped off and blown out of the aircraft; his mother said she had to hold onto him to prevent him being blown out during the decompression. A passenger seated in exit row seat 16F stated that he heard a loud boom, followed by a gust of wind, which was repeated by another passenger who stated she heard a loud bang, followed by the oxygen masks deploying and a large loud gust of wind. One passenger said that others closer to the opening in the plane were able to move to other seats further away.
The decompression event caused the cockpit door to fly open and hit the lavatory door, which initially became stuck. After several attempts, a flight attendant was able to close the cockpit door. The cockpit door is designed to open in the event of an uncontrolled decompression, but the crew were not aware of this. The laminated Quick Reference Checklist stowed below the cockpit windows was blown into the cabin. The first officer's headset was pulled off and the captain's was dislodged.Interior non-structural damage was observed at rows 1 through 4, 11 and 12, 25 through 27, and 31 through 33, including damage to seat 25A, which lost its headrest and was itself twisted, and seat 26A, which lost its headrest and seatback cushion as well as the tray table on its rear side. According to flight trackers, when the accident happened the aircraft had climbed to about 16,000 feet (4,900 m). The pilots made an emergency descent to 10,000 feet (3,000 m) and returned to Portland, where they successfully made an emergency landing at 5:27 p.m. Firefighters boarded the aircraft to check for injuries among the passengers.

 Flight data recorder timeline 
At a media briefing on January 8, the NTSB provided the following timeline of key events obtained from the flight data recorder.Times in PST, January 5, 2024

5:06:47 PM – Aircraft departs Portland International Airport (PDX) from runway 28L
5:12:33 PM – While passing 14,830 feet (4,520 m), recorded cabin pressure drops from 14.09 to 11.64 psi (97.1 to 80.3 kPa); "cabin altitude >10,000 feet warning" activates, indicating that the cabin is unpressurized at an altitude greater than 10,000 feet (3,048 m) above sea level; pressurization or supplemental oxygen becomes necessary above that altitude
5:12:34 PM – Master caution activates; cabin pressure continues to drop, recorded at 9.08 psi (62.6 kPa)
5:12:52 PM – Master caution deactivates
5:13:41 PM – Aircraft reaches a maximum altitude of 16,320 feet (4,974 m) and begins to descend
5:13:56 PM – Autopilot selected altitude changes from 23,000 to 10,000 feet (7,010 to 3,048 m)
5:14:35 PM – Master caution activates again for three seconds
5:16:56 PM – Aircraft begins a left turn, heading north back to PDX
5:17:00 PM – Aircraft descends below 10,000 feet (3,048 m)
5:18:05 PM – While passing 9,050 feet (2,758 m), "cabin altitude >10,000 feet warning" deactivates; cabin pressure recorded at 10.48 psi (72.3 kPa)
5:26:46 PM – Aircraft lands back on runway 28L at PDX

 Aftermath 
Alaska Airlines initially grounded their 737 MAX 9 fleet of 65 in the hours after the accident on January 5. The airline later said that 18 aircraft were ready to return to service on January 6 after determining that those 737 MAX 9s had already had their door plugs inspected "as part of a recent heavy maintenance visit". However, later in the day on January 6, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an Emergency Airworthiness Directive (EAD) that grounded all Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft with a mid-cabin door plug installed, pending a required inspection and corrective actions where required. Alaska Airlines subsequently removed the 18 aircraft from service following the EAD. The EAD also impacted United Airlines and Copa Airlines of Panama who operate the MAX 9 in the United States. Turkish Airlines of Turkey and Lion Air of Indonesia also grounded their fleet for inspection. On January 7, the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) adopted the FAA's EAD, though it stated that no airline in its jurisdiction currently operated any MAX 9 aircraft with the door plug configuration.The cabin door plug was discovered in the backyard of a home in the Cedar Hills area near Oregon Route 217. It was reported to the NTSB on January 7. Two mobile phones from the flight had also been found by members of the public, one in a backyard and the other by a road, one of which was an iPhone still powered on and in airplane mode.On January 11, six passengers filed a class-action lawsuit against Boeing, citing injuries to passengers and emotional trauma.On January 12, Alaska Airlines announced further cancellations through Tuesday, January 16, equating to between 110 and 150 flights per day. On January 17, Alaska Airlines announced that their maintenance and engineering technicians had completed preliminary inspections of "a group of our 737-9 MAX" planes as requested by the FAA and had provided the data to Boeing and FAA for further analysis and consultation. Flight cancellations were extended to Sunday, January 21.On January 21, the FAA recommended inspections of door plugs on the Boeing 737-900ER, an earlier non-MAX 737 version which uses the same type of door as the accident airplane. The FAA said inspections should "ensure the door is properly secured". The agency said some operators doing inspections on those aircraft "noted findings with bolts during the maintenance inspections". The FAA said the 737-900ER has 11 million hours of operation and has not had problems with its door plugs. In the United States, Alaska, Delta and United fly the 737-900ER.On January 24, the FAA approved a new inspection process and cleared all 737 MAX 9 aircraft with door plugs to return to service when the inspection is completed successfully for each plane. Alaska Airlines and United Airlines began returning their 737 MAX 9 planes to service on January 26 and 27, respectively.

 Investigation 
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is conducting an investigation into the accident, led by NTSB Chair Jennifer Homendy. The FAA, Alaska Airlines, the Air Line Pilots Association (the union representing Alaska pilots), the Association of Flight Attendants (the union representing Alaska flight attendants), Boeing, Spirit AeroSystems, and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (the union representing Boeing and Spirit AeroSystems workers) are providing support as members of the investigation party.The aircraft involved in the accident had its cabin pressurization "AUTO FAIL" indicator illuminated on three previous occasions – on December 7, January 3 (in flight), and January 4 (after landing). This indicates that the primary automatic cabin pressurization controller was disabled by a fault condition, which can be caused by a problem with the controller itself, one of the valves it controls, an excessive pressure differential, an excessive rate of cabin pressure change, or a high cabin altitude. When a fault is detected, pressurization control automatically transfers to an alternate automatic controller. The "AUTO FAIL" indicator alerts the crew to this change, but no intervention is prescribed. On each occasion of a fault, the alternate controller was used, and flights proceeded normally. However, due to the faults, Alaska Airlines had restricted the aircraft from operating extended overwater flights (under ETOPS rules) until a detailed maintenance inspection could occur. It is not yet known if the indicator warning is related to the accident; the NTSB investigation will include the issue.
The cockpit voice recorder (CVR) was overwritten after the accident. The CVR on the aircraft records a two-hour loop, and the circuit breaker in the cockpit was not pulled to stop the recording after the aircraft landed. NTSB chair Jennifer Homendy subsequently called for extending capacity to 25 hours, rather than the currently mandated two hours, on all new and existing aircraft. If implemented, the new rule will align with International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and European Union Aviation Safety Agency's (EASA) current regulations.On January 8, United Airlines stated they had found loose bolts during inspections on an undisclosed number of grounded aircraft. Alaska Airlines also announced their inspections had found loose bolts on "many" aircraft.On January 9, Boeing's president and CEO, Dave Calhoun acknowledged the company's mistake in a company-wide meeting on safety and transparency following this accident. The company pledged for full transparency and cooperation in the investigation with the NTSB and FAA. In an interview with CNBC on January 10, Dave Calhoun described it as a quality control issue and said that a "quality escape" had occurred. Also on January 10, the FAA notified Boeing that it was under investigation for "alleged noncompliance" with regulations relating to new aircraft inspection and testing.
The NTSB's initial assessment found that the stop pads and fittings of the door plug and frame were intact, and that the plug had moved upwards to clear the pads to enable its ejection from the aircraft. The upper guide fittings on the door plug were found to be fractured. Investigation on the status of the retention bolts designed to prevent the door plug from moving upwards is ongoing. By design, four retention bolts should be present. Homendy said the bolts were not on the door plug when it was found. She said investigators are trying to determine if the bolts were never installed or if they were torn off when the door plug blew out. The NTSB will also examine witness marks using microscopes and other scientific equipment.On January 15, in a message to employees, Boeing Commercial Airplanes President and CEO Stan Deal announced "immediate" actions the company is taking to bolster quality assurance and controls in 737 production. These included planning more quality inspections, planning more team sessions on quality, Boeing review of Spirit AeroSystems work, airline oversight inspections and independent assessment by outside party on Boeing's quality management system. These actions are separate from the FAA's investigation and the agency's plan to increase oversight of 737-9 production.The NTSB released a preliminary report on the accident on February 6, which said that the damage patterns on the door plug indicate that the four bolts supposed to secure the door plug had been missing when the accident occured. They also reviewed Boeing records that showed evidence that the plug was installed with no bolts.

 See also 
Boeing 737 MAX groundings
List of accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 737
Similar accidents and incidents:
American Airlines Flight 96 (cargo door failure due to design flaw leading to uncontrolled decompression, eleven injuries), 1972
Evergreen International Airlines Flight 17 (cargo door failure due to design flaw and pilot error leading to uncontrolled decompression, both crew killed), 1989
Turkish Airlines Flight 981 (cargo door failure due to design flaw leading to uncontrolled decompression, all 346 aboard killed), 1974
United Airlines Flight 811 (cargo door failure due to design flaw leading to uncontrolled decompression, nine passengers ejected and killed), 1989

 References 

 External links 

NTSB Investigation Docket No. DCA24MA063: In-flight structural failure, Alaska Airlines flight 1282
NTSB Preliminary Report
Updates on Grounding of Boeing 737 MAX 9 Aircraft (FAA website)
Boeing 737-9 Updates (Boeing website)
Information About Alaska Airlines Flight 1282 (Alaska Airlines website)
Images from the NTSB investigation (NTSB official Flickr account)
FAA Airworthiness Directive (Federal Register website)
FAA Safety Alert For Operators (SAFO 24001) (FAA document)

Omar Marmoush
Omar Khaled Mohamed Marmoush (born 7 February 1999) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a left winger or forward for Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt and the Egypt national team.

 Club career 
Marmoush made his professional debut for Wadi Degla in the Egyptian Premier League on 8 July 2016, coming on as a substitute in the match against El Ittihad El Sakandary, which finished as a 3–2 win. In total, he made sixteen league appearances for Wadi Degla and scored two goals, before moving to VfL Wolfsburg II in 2017.

 FC St.Pauli 
On 5 January 2021, Marmoush was loaned to FC St. Pauli for the remainder of the season. He played 21 games and scored 7 goals for the club.

 VfL Wolfsburg 
On 30 August 2021, Marmoush was loaned out to VfB Stuttgart until the end of the season. He scored a last minute equalizer vs Eintracht Frankfurt on his debut. He was later named Bundesliga rookie of the month for September 2021. Marmoush was also named Bundesliga Rookie of the Month for March 2022. He completed his loan spell and returned to VfL Wolfsburg having scored 3 goals in 21 games.

 Eintracht Frankfurt 
On 15 May 2023, it was announced that Marmoush would join Eintracht Frankfurt on a free transfer ahead of the 2023–24 season, and wear the number 7 shirt. Later that year, on 21 September, he scored his first goal in European competitions from a penalty in a 2–1 win over Aberdeen during the Europa Conference League.

 International career 
Marmoush was included in Egypt's squad for the 2017 Africa U-20 Cup of Nations in Zambia. He made two appearances during the tournament, in which Egypt were eliminated in the group stage.Marmoush is also a Canadian citizen, and was eligible for the Canada national team, before becoming cap-tied with the Egyptian national team in October 2021.
On 8 October 2021, Marmoush made his debut for the Egypt national team and scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory over Libya.On 29 December 2021, Marmoush was named in Egypt's 28-man squad for the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. He played in all three group stage matches, as well as all four knockout ties en route to the final against Senegal which ended in a 4–2 loss on penalties for Egypt.On 19 March 2022, Marmoush was called up for Egypt's 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification third round matches against Senegal. He played in both matches as Egypt were defeated 3–1 on penalties and knocked out of World Cup contention. On 27 September, Marmoush scored the opening goal as Egypt beat Liberia 3–0 in a friendly match.On 24 March 2023, Marmoush scored the second goal for Egypt in a 2–0 victory over Malawi during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations qualification. Four days later, he scored in a 4–0 away victory over the same opponent.

 Career statistics 

 Club 
As of match played 14 December 2023

 International 
Scores and results list Egypt's goal tally first

 Honours 
VfL Wolfsburg II

Regionalliga: 2018–19Egypt

Africa Cup of Nations runner-up: 2021Individual

Bundesliga Rookie of the Month: September 2021, March 2022

 References 

 External links 

Omar Marmoush at the Eintracht Frankfurt website
Omar Marmoush at DFB (also available in German)
Omar Marmoush – UEFA competition record (archive)
Omar Marmoush at kicker (in German)
Omar Marmoush at Soccerway
Omar Marmoush at FilGoal.com (in Arabic)

Jules Crépieux-Jamin
Jules Crépieux-Jamin (1859–1940) was a French graphologist born in Arras.
From 1889 Crépieux-Jamin worked as a dentist in Rouen. He was deeply interested in the works of Jean-Hippolyte Michon (1806–1881), who is considered to be the founder of modern graphology (science of handwriting analysis). For much of his career Crépieux-Jamin analyzed and revised Michon's work, which included reclassification and re-grouping the system of "handwriting signs", and developing new rules on their classification.
In his 1929 book ABC de la graphologie he laid out a classification system of seven categories in which 175 graphological signs are grouped. The seven categories he used are titled: Dimension, Form, Pressure, Speed, Direction, Layout and Continuity. As an example the category "Form" would contain various graphological signs such as: "rounded", "ornate", "harmonious", "confused", et al.
Crepieux-Jamin took a "holistic approach" to handwriting analysis, and to every element in the handwriting he applied a range of hypothetical meanings, maintaining that the value of a particular sign is not fixed, and its importance and interpretation are variable depending on other aspects in the writing being analyzed.

 Writings 
Traité Pratique de Graphologie, Flammarion, Paris
L'écriture et le caractère (1888), PUF, Paris, 1951, 441 pages --- Handwriting and expression
La graphologie en exemples (1898), Larousse, Paris.-- Graphology in examples
Les Bases fondamentales de la Graphologie et de l'expertise en écritures (1921)-- The fundamentals of graphology and expertise in writing
L'Age et le sexe dans l'écriture (1924), Adyar, Paris --- Age and sex in handwriting
Les éléments de l'écriture des canailles (1925), Flammarion, Paris.---The elements of the writing of scoundrels.
L'ABC de la graphologie (1929), PUF, 1960, 667 pages--- The ABC of graphology.
Libres propos sur l'expertise en écritures et les leçons de l'Affaire Dreyfus, Alcan, 1935 --- On free writing expertise and lessons of the Dreyfus Affair.

 Further reading 
Nicolas, Serge; Andrieu, Bernard; Sanitioso, Rasyid Bo; Vincent, Romain; Murray, David J. (2015-03-01). "Alfred Binet and Crépieux-Jamin: Can intelligence be measured scientifically by graphology?". L'Année psychologique. 115 (1): 3–52. doi:10.3917/anpsy.151.0003. ISSN 0003-5033.

 References 
The British Academy of Graphology (biography)
Parts of this article are based on a translation of an equivalent article at the French Wikipedia.

We Too Are One
We Too Are One is the seventh studio album by British pop duo Eurythmics, released on 11 September 1989 by RCA Records. It would be the duo's last studio release until 1999's Peace.

 Background and release 
When it was released in 1989, the album debuted at number one in the United Kingdom, where it has since been certified double platinum. It spawned four singles, all of which reached the UK top 30: "Revival", "Don't Ask Me Why", "The King and Queen of America", and "Angel". In North America, "(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" was also released as a single; it charted at number 58 in Canada, while failing to chart in the United States.
On 14 November 2005, Sony BMG repackaged and released Eurythmics' back catalogue as Deluxe Edition reissues, including We Too Are One. The original track listing was supplemented with bonus tracks and remixes.

 Home media 
A companion home video, We Two Are One Too, was released in 1990, featuring the music videos for the five singles from the album and footage of the band performing the album's other tracks. This is the only commercial release of the promotional video for the 1989 single "Revival", which has never been included on any subsequent video compilations from the band.

 Track listing 

 Personnel 
Credits adapted from the liner notes of We Too Are One.

 Eurythmics 
Annie Lennox – vocals
David A. Stewart – guitars, vocals

 Additional musicians 
Pat Seymour – keyboards
Olle Romo – drums
Charlie Wilson – backing vocals
Chucho Merchán – programming

 Technical 
David A. Stewart – production
Jimmy Iovine – production
Bruce Lampcov – recording engineering, mixing engineering
Don Smith – recording engineering, mixing engineering
Manu Guiot – additional engineering
Rob Jaczko, Serge Pauchard, Lee Manning – engineering assistance
Tony Quinn, Eileen Gregory, Greg McCarty – production assistance

 Artwork 
Jean-Baptiste Mondino – photography
Laurence Stevens – design, artwork

 Charts 

 Certifications 

 References 

Danish-Hanseatic War (1361-1370)
The Danish-Hanseatic War (1361–1370) was a both a trade and territorial conflict mainly between the Kingdom of Denmark, led by King Valdemar IV, and the Hanseatic League, the latter of which was led by the rich and powerful merchant city of Lübeck. Though the first few years of the war resulted in several Danish victories, and even led to a beneficial truce for Denmark in 1365, the Hanseatic League, furious at the terms of the truce, resumed hostilities along with several allies and managed to defeat the Danes.
Though initiated by the Danish conquest of Gotland, the war quickly spread to encompass all territories where Denmark and the Hansa had conflicting claims. Scania and the Oresund, along with several coastal ports belonging to the Danish ally of Norway, were attacked and raided, and even the Danish capital of Copenhagen was ransacked. The resulting treaty, signed at Stralsund, secured the Hanseatic League's position as a great power in Northern Europe.
The Danish-Hanseatic War is split into two parts, one part starting with the Danish conquest of Gotland and ending with the Treaty of Vordingborg, which secured a tenuous truce between the combatants. The second part starts with the Hanseatic League's resumption of hostilities against Denmark and ending with the Treaty of Stralsund in 1370.

 Background 
By 1361, the Hanseatic League had been the uncontested hegemon over the Baltic Sea for several years. German settlers colonized various parts of Prussia and Livonia, establishing settlements such as Riga. These towns and cities controlled trade through various means, and profited off of the lucrative Baltic trade. They also collectively worked together to eliminate piracy throughout the Baltic as well, which previously made trade in the region difficult.
Also important to the Hanseatic League were the fisheries of Scania. According to French Crusader Philippe de Mézières, there were around  300,000 people fishing throughout Scania. The region was also an important distribution center for goods transferring from the Baltic to the North Sea, for the Oresund passed between Scania and the Danish island of Sjælland.
The Hanseatic League had been granted several privileges in Scania by the Kingdom of Sweden, and as such the region was extremely profitable for the League. Lots of German merchants lived in Scania and multiple cities in the area were settled by those willing to fish. In 1360 however, Valdemar IV reconquered Scania, securing the region under Danish rule instead of Swedish rule. Though Valdemar IV allowed the Hanseatic League to keep their privileges in the region, it came at a high cost.

 First Phase (1361–1365) 
Valdemar, who had just managed to stabilize his kingdom after the catastrophic reign of Christopher II, had ambitions to further expand his Danish realm to become a new northern great power. In 1361, Valdemar launched an invasion on the island of Gotland.
Gutnish militia attempted to fend off the invasion, but they stood little chance against Valdemar's experienced army of mercenaries. On July 27, 1361, the Danish army crushed the Gutnish army in the Battle of Visby. Visby, the largest and most prominent city on the island, surrendered to Valdemar, paying a huge sum of tribute in order to prevent a sacking. With Visby under Danish control, the entire island was de facto under Danish rule.
The city of Visby, which had been for many years one of the most important trading posts in the Baltic Sea, was one of the most important Hanseatic ports there was at the time. Though Valdemar IV was willing to renew the cities Hanseatic charter, his expansion was still nonetheless viewed as aggressive by the Hanseatic League, and a diet of both Wendish and Pomeranian cities decided to suspend diplomatic and commercial relations with Denmark, and eventually declared war on the Danes, along with their allies of Sweden and Norway
However, many members of the Hanseatic League did not fully participate in the war effort. Though the League was attempting a blockade on Denmark to stifle their economy, many members of league still traded with Denmark. The Dutch and Teutonic cities in particular were guilty of this, as despite providing financial subsidies to the Hansa, still continued trade with the Danish. As a result, the Hanseatic blockade proved ineffective, and the burden of the war fell upon the Wendish towns.
In April 1362, the commander of the Hanseatic fleet, Johann Wittenborg of Lubeck, landed his fleet of around 50 ships, 27 of which being cogs, in Helsingborg. His army went on foot to siege the city, but this proved to be a major mistake. Valdemar took the opportunity and attacked the Hanseatic navy, and succeeded in capturing 12 ships in the ensuing Battle of Helsingborg. Wittenborg successfully secured an armistice and fled, though he was eventually executed for his failures.
With this defeat, the Hanseatic League was seriously crippled. Though plans were made about a potential second expedition to attack Denmark, they resulted in nothing concrete. Three years of uneasy peace followed, and many of the Wendish towns who were still in the war bickered with one another over funding. It seemed like the Hanseatic League could potentially collapse at this very moment.

 Second Phase (1367–1370) 
Despite multiple setbacks, the Hanseatic League managed to stay together. In 1366, a Hanseatic diet convened in Lubeck managed to keep the Kontores under control by granting the citizens full control over them. This kept most Hanseatic ports under control. More importantly, Valdemar IV, despite his successes in the beginning of the war, proved inept at ending the conflict. Instead of sowing discord between the Hanseatic states, Valdemar instead harassed Prussian vessels and merchants in the Oresund. Valdemar also adopted a hostile attitude towards the Dutch cities as well. These actions helped create an alliance between the Wendish cities, the Prussian cities, and the Dutch cities. Multiple other Hanseatic towns from various regions agreed to a formal military alliance, known as the Confederation of Cologne.

The Confederation, bolstered by alliances with Sweden, Mecklenburg, and Holstein, resumed hostilities against Valdemar, who now also had to deal with rebellious nobility. The Danish king fled Denmark in an attempt find potential allies, while Henning Podebusk was appointed drost of Denmark in the absence of Valdemar, yet Valdemar was unable to find any allies. Wendish ships raided the Danish and Norwegian coasts (Norway had joined the conflict on Denmark's side as King Haakon VI was the son-in-law of Valdemar), and the blockades on Norwegian ports in particular led to Norway's withdrawal from the war. Copenhagen was sacked by the Hanseatic fleet, with its port damaged beyond use for the remainder of the war. Swedish armies were sieging down Scania, and the Count of Holstein marched his men throughout Jutland. When Helsingborg was captured in September, 1369, the Danish council sued for peace, and the Treaty of Stralsund was negotiated in the following year.

 Legacy 
The treaty that concluded the war greatly benefited the Hanseatic League. Though the League had the chance to push for harsher terms, they instead were content with confirming charters that were already set. German merchants in Scania were no longer to be tolled, and free trade was to be enforced. More important was the acquisition of 4 key forts, those being Malmo, Helsingborg, Skanor, and Falsterbo. These forts granted the Hanseatic league complete de facto control over the Oresund. The Hansa was also granted two-thirds of the revenue from the forts, and the Hanseatic League would also be granted the privilege of having a say in the Danish Royal election.
The war proved that the Hanseatic League was not just a group of merchants. It showed that they were capable of militarily challenging foes by raising their own armies and navies. They had directed much of the war's operations on their own, and had shown that they were a force to be reckoned with. In the aftermath of the war, the Hanseatic League became the one of the most powerful groups in Northern Europe, and though it was not a united entity in any way, they were united in their defense of trade and their mercantile hegemony.The Cologne Confederation would last under 1385, while the Hanseatic League itself would continue to be a major player in Northern European affairs. However, Denmark would not forget their defeat in this war. Along with Sweden and Norway, both of whom worried of the growing German influence pushing into Scandinavia, Denmark would go on to ratify the Kalmar Union, which itself would be a major competitor of the Hanseatic League, and a major factor in its eventual decline by the 17th century.

 References 

Eduardo Espinoza (footballer)
Eduardo Espinoza (9 January 1934 - died between 31 March 2003 and 27 March 2015)
was a Bolivian footballer.
He was part of Bolivia's squad that won the 1963 South American Championship on home soil.

 International Career 
He was selected in Bolivia’s squad for the 1963 South American Championship.He played 3 games during the tournament. as Bolivia won the competition, its first and only Copa America.
The game against Ecuador on 10 March was his first cap with Bolivia.His second cap was against Colombia on 17 March.The last game of the tournament against Brazil on 31 March was his 3rd and last cap with Bolivia.

 References 

 External links 
Eduardo Espinoza at WorldFootball.net

Second Battle of El Alamein order of battle
The Second Battle of El Alamein (23 October – 11 November 1942) was a battle of the Second World War that took place near the Egyptian railway halt of El Alamein. The First Battle of El Alamein and the Battle of Alam el Halfa had prevented the Axis from advancing further into Egypt.
The Allied victory was the beginning of the end of the Western Desert Campaign, eliminating the Axis threat to Egypt, the Suez Canal and the Middle Eastern and Persian oil fields. The battle revived the morale of the Allies, being the first big success against the Axis since Operation Crusader in late 1941. The end of the battle coincided with the Allied invasion of French North Africa in Operation Torch on 8 November, which opened a second front in North Africa.

 High-level orders of battle 

 Allies 
Middle East Command: Lieutenant-General Harold Alexander
British Eighth Army 
Lieutenant-General Sir Bernard Law Montgomery

Northern sector
British XXX Corps (Lieutenant-General Oliver Leese)
Australian 9th Division (Major-General Leslie Morshead)
British 51st (Highland) Infantry Division (Major-General Douglas Wimberley)
New Zealand 2nd Division (Lieutenant-General Bernard Freyberg)
South African 1st Infantry Division (Major-General Dan Pienaar)
Indian 4th Infantry Division (Major-General Francis Tuker)
Southern sector
British XIII Corps (Lieutenant-General Brian Horrocks)
British 50th (Northumbrian) Infantry Division (Major-General John Nichols)
British 44th (Home Counties) Infantry Division (Major-General Ivor Hughes)
British 7th Armoured Division (Major-General John Harding)
Reserve
British X Corps (Lieutenant-General Herbert Lumsden)
British 1st Armoured Division (Major-General Raymond Briggs)
British 10th Armoured Division (Major-General Alexander Gatehouse)
British 8th Armoured Division

 Axis 
Comandante Superiore: Marshal Ugo Cavallero

Panzer Armee Afrika
Generalfeldmarschall Erwin Rommel
90th Light Afrika Division (Generalmajor Ernst Strecker, later Theodor Graf von Sponeck)Deutsches Afrika Korps
Generalleutnant Wilhelm Ritter von Thoma
15th Panzer Division (Generalmajor Gustav von Vaerst)
21st Panzer Division (Generalmajor Heinz von Randow)Italian Army Africa
Marshal Ettore BasticoItalian XXI Army Corps
Generale di Corpo d'Armata Enea Navarini; Generale di Divisione Alessandro Gloria25th Infantry Division "Bologna" (Generale di Divisione Alessandro Gloria)
102nd Motorised Division "Trento" (Generale di Brigata Giorgio Masina)Italian XX Army Corps
Generale di Divisione Giuseppe De Stefanis
101st Motorised Division "Trieste" (Generale di Divisione Francesco La Ferla)
132nd Armoured Division "Ariete" (Generale di Divisione Francesco Antonio Arena)
133rd Armoured Division "Littorio" (Generale di Divisione Gervasio Bitossi)
German 164th Light Africa Division (Generalleutnant Carl-Hans Lungershausen)Italian X Army Corps
Generale di Divisione Federico Ferrari Orsi KIA 18 Oct
Generale di Divisione Enrico Frattini thru 26 Oct
Generale di Divisione Edoardo Nebbia from 27 Oct, POW 7 Nov
17th Infantry Division "Pavia" (Generale di Divisione Nazzareno Scattaglia)
27th Infantry Division "Brescia" (Generale di Divisione Brunetto Brunetti)
185th Infantry Division "Folgore" (Generale di Divisione Enrico Frattini)
Ramcke Parachute Brigade (Generalmajor Hermann-Bernhard Ramcke)Reserve
16th Motorised Division "Pistoia" (Generale di Divisione Giuseppe Falugi)
136th Armoured Division "Giovani Fascisti" (Generale di Divisione Ismaele Di Nisio)

 Allies 
Middle East Command Lieutenant General Harold Alexander 
British Eighth Army
Lieutenant-General Sir Bernard Law Montgomery

 British XXX Corps 

 XXX Corps occupied the northern sector of the Allied front.

Lieutenant-General Oliver Leese
Under direct Corps command
XXX Corps Defence Squadron
C Squadron, 4th/6th South African Armoured Car Regiment
7th Medium Regiment, Royal Artillery
64th Medium Regiment, Royal Artillery
69th (Caernarvon & Denbigh Yeomanry) Medium Regiment, Royal Artillery
66th Mortar Company, Royal Engineers (two sections detached to 9th Australian Division)
11th Field Company, South African Engineers
13th Field Company, South African Engineers
22nd Field Park Company, South African Engineers
XXX Corps Signals, Royal Corps of Signals

 British XIII Corps 
 
 XIII Corps occupied the southern sector of the Allied front.

Lieutenant-General Brian Horrocks
Under direct Corps command
South African 4th/6th Armoured Car Regiment (one troop)
XIII Corps Troops, Royal Engineers
578th Army Field Company, Royal Engineers
576th Corps Field Park Company, Royal Engineers
XIII Corps Signals, Royal Corps of Signals

 British X Corps 

 X Corps supplied reserve divisions behind the main Allied line.

Lieutenant-General Herbert Lumsden
Under direct Corps command
X Corps Troops, Royal Engineers571st Army Field Company (attached to 10th Armoured Division)
572nd Army Field Company (attached to 1st Armoured Division)
573rd Army Field Company (attached to 10th Armoured Division)
570th Corps Field Park Company
X Corps Signals, Royal Corps of Signals

 Axis 
Comandante Superiore: Marshal Ugo Cavallero
Divisions deployed north to south

 Panzer Armee Afrika 
 
Generalfeldmarschall  Erwin Rommel 
 German 90th Light Afrika Division
Generalmajor  Ernst Strecker, later Theodor Graf von Sponeck
155th Panzergrenadier Regiment (with 707th Heavy Infantry Gun Company)
200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (with 708th Heavy Infantry Gun Company)
346th Panzergrenadier Regiment
190th Artillery Regiment
190th Anti-tank Battalion
Under command
Force 288
605th Anti-tank Battalion
109th Anti-aircraft Battalion
606th Anti-aircraft Battalion

 Deutsches Afrika Korps 
 
Generalleutnant  Wilhelm Ritter von Thoma

 German 15th Panzer Division
Generalmajor  Gustav von Vaerst
8th Panzer Regiment
115th Panzergrenadier Regiment
33rd Artillery Regiment
33rd Anti-tank Battalion
33rd Engineer Battalion German 21st Panzer Division
Generalmajor  Heinz von Randow
5th Panzer Regiment
104th Panzergrenadier Regiment
155th Artillery Regiment
39th Anti-tank Battalion
200th Engineer Battalion

 Italian Army Africa 
 Marshal  Ettore Bastico.

 Italian XXI Army Corps 

Generale di Corpo d'Armata Enea NavariniGenerale di Divisione Alessandro Gloria (Thru 26 October)

Corps-level troops
7th Bersaglieri Regiment
X Bersaglieri Battalion
XI Bersaglieri Battalion
8th Army Corps Artillery Grouping
XXXIII Heavy Artillery Group (149/40 guns)
LII Heavy Artillery Group (152/37 guns)
XXVII Construction Engineers Battalion
LXV Signal Engineers Battalion
14th Fortification Engineer Company

 Italian XX Army Corps 

Generale di Divisione Giuseppe De Stefanis

Corps-level troops
XVIII Anti-aircraft and Anti-tank Group (8.8cm Flak and 20/65 guns)
LXII Anti-aircraft Group (75/50 anti-aircraft guns)
XXIV Mixed Engineer Battalion
2nd Bersaglieri Motorcyclists Company
106th Field Hospital
576th Field Hospital
Southern Sector

 132nd Armoured Division "Ariete"
Generale di Divisione Francesco Antonio Arena
132nd Tank Infantry Regiment (M13/40 and M14/41 tanks)
IX Tank Battalion "M"
X Tank Battalion "M"
XIII Tank Battalion "M"
8th Bersaglieri Regiment
III Bersaglieri Anti-tank Battalion (47/32 anti-tank guns)
V Bersaglieri Battalion
XII Bersaglieri Battalion
132nd Armoured Artillery Regiment
I Group (75/27 field guns)
II Group (75/27 field guns)
III Group (105/28 howitzers)
V (DLI) Self-propelled Artillery Group (Semovente 75/18 self-propelled guns)
VI (DLII) Self-propelled Artillery Group (Semovente 75/18 self-propelled guns)
XV Heavy Field Artillery Group (105/28 howitzers)
XXXI Anti-aircraft and Anti-tank Group (8.8cm Flak anti-aircraft guns)
DI Anti-aircraft and Anti-tank Group (90/53 and 20/65 Mod. 35 anti-aircraft guns)
III Armored Squadrons Group "Nizza Cavalleria" (AB 41 Armoured cars)
CXXXII Mixed Engineer Battalion

 Italian X Army Corps 

Reserve Divisions during the Battle

 16th Motorised Division "Pistoia"
Generale di Divisione Giuseppe Falugi
35th Infantry Regiment "Pistoia"
36th Infantry Regiment "Pistoia"
3rd Motorised Artillery Regiment
XVI Mortar Battalion
LI Mixed Engineer Battalion
16th Anti-tank Company 136th Armoured Division "Giovani Fascisti"
Generale di Divisione Ismaele Di Nisio
Infantry Regiment "Giovani Fascisti" (2x battalions)
IX Autonomous Infantry Battalion
136th Artillery Regiment
XIV Motorized Artillery Group (65/17 field guns mounted on Morris CS8)
XV Motorized Artillery Group (65/17 field guns mounted on Morris CS8)
XVI Motorized Artillery Group (75/27 field guns mounted on TL.37)
XVII Motorized Artillery Group (100/17 howitzers mounted on Lancia 3Ro trucks)
88th Anti-aircraft Battery (20/65 Mod. 35 anti-aircraft guns)
III Armoured Squadrons Group "Cavalleggeri del Monferrato" (AB 41 Armoured cars)

 Notes 

 References 

 Sources 

 Print 
Joslen, H.F. (2003) [1st Pub. HMSO 1960]. Orders of battle : Second World War, 1939-1945. Uckfield: Naval & Military Press. ISBN 1-84342-474-6.
Pakenham-Walsh, Maj-Gen R.P. (1958). History of the Royal Engineers. Vol. VIII, 1938–1948. Chatham: Institution of Royal Engineers.

 Web 
Wendell, Marcus. "Axis History Factbook: German army order of battle". Retrieved 2007-07-23.
Wendell, Marcus. "Axis History Factbook: Italian army order of battle". Retrieved 2007-07-23.
"Orders of Battle.com". Archived from the original on 2007-07-17. Retrieved 2007-07-23.
"World War II unit histories and officers". Archived from the original on 2007-06-26. Retrieved 2007-07-23.

Line 4 (Chennai Metro)
The Orange Line  or Line 4 is one of the three lines of Chennai Metro,  Phase 2 Project .  The under construction line stretches from Lighthouse to Poonamallee Bypass . The line will consist of 27 stations, out of which 9 are underground and 18 are elevated.

 Phase II 
E. Sreedharan, in 2013, stressed on the need of a greater expansion of Chennai metro network by undertaking subsequent phases. In July 2016, the then Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa announced that Chennai Metro Phase 2 would be 104 km long and have 104 stations. In July 2017, in a suo motu statement in the State Legislative Assembly, an extension in Phase II, involving an extension of Line 4 from Lighthouse up to Poonamallee, with the Madhavaram–Sholinganallur and Lighthouse–Poonamallee lines intersecting at Alwarthirunagar was announced, making Phase 2 116.1 km long. The key focus for Phase 2 is to connect the northern (Madhavaram, Redhills) and southern parts (Siruseri, Sholinganallur) and the east parts of Chennai (Light house, Mylapore) to the western parts of Chennai (Porur, Poonamallee)

The present estimate for the phase 2 stands at Rs. 63,000 crore and  received approval from the state government. Foundation stone for phase 2 was laid on 20 November 2020 by Union Home Minister Amit Shah and construction for the phase from Poonamallee to Power House of Line 4 commenced on 1 June 2021. Addressing an event in Chennai, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday 14 February 2021 said the Centre has set aside Rs 63,000 crore which is one of the largest projects sanctioned for any city in one-go. The map and list of stations for all 3 lines  of Phase 2 has also been published by CMRL.
Chennai: As many as 19 elevated metro stations may connect Poonamallee in the city with the new greenfield airport planned in Parandur. On Thursday(4.01.24), Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) submitted the detailed feasibility report (DFR) to state government, recommending an elevated metrorail corridor between the two places via Thirumazhisai and Sriperumbdur over 43.63km, construction of which may cost ₹10,712 crore. The line will be an extension of phase-2 corridor from Lighthouse to Poonamallee covering 26.1km.
A CMRL official said metro trains will take passengers inside the terminals at Parandur airport, proposed to be built over 4,500 acres. Passengers may also be able reach the airport quicker as there will only a few stations located every 5km or more between Poonamallee and Parandur.
Some of the major locations the metro network is likely to connect with stations include Nazarathpet, Chembarambakkam, Thirumazhisai, Pappanchatiram, Chettipedu, Thandalam, Irungattukottai, Pennalur, Sriperumbudur, Sipcot, Mambakkam, Sunguvarchatiram, Neevallur and Parandur.
“For the first 4km or 5km, we may have stations for every one kilometre. The total number of stations may reduce when we prepare the detailed project report,” said a CMRL official. “Once government approves the DFR, we will float tender and appoint an agent to prepare the DPR which may take around six months to get ready,” he said.
A release said CMRL recommended metrorail connectivity considering the proposed new airport at Parandur, proposed bus terminus at Thirumazhisai and future growth potential along the corridor.
Earlier, during the course of the feasibility study, it was assessed that there was a need for multiple stations in Parandur itself before the line terminates at the new airport because the government is planning to develop an aero city comprising a township with hotels, educational institutions, aviation ancillary units, an MRO (maintenance, repair and overhaul) hub for aircraft.
The government had earlier announced a line from Poonamallee Bypass to Sriperumbudur as an extension of phase-2 corridor-4 from Lighthouse to Poonamallee Bypass (26.1km). Parandur was added after the location of the second airport was announced in August 2022 .The stations in phase II will be smaller at 300 m (980 ft) compared with 220 m (720 ft) in phase I. Phase II will have three depots, namely, Madhavaram (30 hectares), SIPCOT (10 ha [25 acres]), and Poonamallee (20 ha [49 acres]).

 Stations 

 Removed and Renamed Stations 

 References 

Generation Z in the United States
Generation Z (or Gen Z for short), colloquially known as Zoomers, is the demographic cohort succeeding Millennials and preceding Generation Alpha.Members of Generation Z were born between the mid-to-late 1990s and early 2010s, meaning the first wave came of age during the second decade of the twenty-first century, a time of significant demographic change due to fertility differentials and immigration. Youth of the early twenty-first century reach puberty earlier than their counterparts from the previous century. They have higher incidents of eye problems, allergies, awareness and reporting of mental health issues, suicide, and sleep deprivation, but lower rates of adolescent pregnancy. They drink alcohol and smoke traditional tobacco cigarettes less often, but are more likely to consume marijuana and electronic cigarettes.Americans who grew up in the 2000s and 2010s saw gains in IQ points, but loss in creativity. During the 2000s and 2010s, while Western educators in general and American schoolteachers in particular concentrated on helping struggling rather than gifted students, American students of the 2010s were trailing behind their counterparts from other countries, especially East Asia, in reading and in STEM. They ranked above the OECD average in science and computer literacy, but below average in mathematics. Mathematical literacy and reading proficiency among American schoolchildren both fell in the 2010s.They tend to become familiar with the Internet and portable digital devices at a young age, with possible implications for their mental health. However, they are not necessarily digitally literate, and they read books less often than their predecessors and spend more time in front of a screen.Although they trust traditional news media more than what they see online, they tend to be more skeptical of the news than their parents. Politically, young Americans of the late 2010s and early 2020s tend to hold similar views to the Millennials. They are also more likely to be irreligious than older cohorts.On the whole, they are financially cautious, and are increasingly interested in alternatives to attending institutions of higher education, with young men being primarily responsible for the trend. Among those who choose to go to college, grades and standards have fallen because of disruptions in learning due to COVID-19. As consumers, Generation Z's actual purchases do not reflect widely reported polling results.Although American youth culture has become highly fragmented by the start of the early twenty-first century, nostalgia is a major feature of youth culture in the 2010s and 2020s.

 Nomenclature and date range 

The name Generation Z is a reference to the fact that it is the second generation after Generation X, continuing the alphabetical sequence from Generation Y (Millennials). Other proposed names for the generation include iGeneration, Homeland Generation, Net Gen, Digital Natives, Neo-Digital Natives, Pluralist Generation, Centennials, and Post-Millennials. The term Internet Generation is in reference to the fact that the generation is the first to have been born after the mass-adoption of the Internet. The Pew Research Center surveyed the various names for this cohort on Google Trends in 2019 and found that in the U.S., the term Generation Z was overwhelmingly the most popular. The Merriam-Webster Dictionary has an official entry for Generation Z. Zoomer is an informal term used to refer to members of Generation Z, often in an ironic, humorous, or mocking tone. It combines the term boomer, referring to baby boomers, with the "Z" from Generation Z. Prior to this, Zoomer was used in the 2000s to describe particularly active baby boomers. Zoomer in its current incarnation skyrocketed in popularity in 2018, when it was used in a 4chan Internet meme mocking Gen Z adolescents via a Wojak caricature dubbed a Zoomer. Merriam-Webster's records suggest the use of the term zoomer in the sense of Generation Z dates back at least as far as 2016. It was added to the dictionary in October 2021.In January 2019, Pew Research Center defined "Post-Millennials" as people born from 1997 onward, choosing this date for "different formative experiences" for the purposes of demographic analysis. Common generational experiences include technological developments and socio-economic trends, including the widespread availability of wireless internet access and high-bandwidth cellular service, and key world events, such as growing up in a world after the September 11th terrorist attacks. During a 2019 analysis, Pew stated that they have yet to set the endpoint of Generation Z, but did use the year 2012 to complete their analysis. According to this tentative definition, as of 2024, the oldest members of Generation Z are turning 27 years old and the youngest are turning 12. In a 2022 article, U.S. Census economists Neil Bennett and Briana Sullivan described Generation Z as those born 1997 to 2013. Psychologists Jean Twenge and Jonathan Haidt argue that even though the concept of a social generation remains debated, there is evidence for significant differences between the different demographic cohorts. Those born between (on the cusp of) the Millennial generation and Generation Z are commonly known as Zillennials.

 Arts and culture 

 Museum attendance and reading 

According to the 2009 Museum Financial Survey conducted by the American Alliance of Museums, museums in the U.S. spend 75% of their education budgets on activities for K-12 students and receive 55 million visits from students traveling in field trips with their schools each year. Data collected by the Institute of Museum and Library Services reveal that the total number of programs per 1,000 people increased between 2007 and 2016. Attendance per 1,000 people also rose. In particular, the number of children's programs offered per 1,000 people and program attendance per 1,000 went up noticeably. During the same time period, the number of children's material in circulation per person did not change. In the fiscal year of 2014, there were more museums in the United States (35,000) than the total numbers of Starbucks locations (11,000) and McDonald's restaurants (14,000) combined.A research team headed by psychologist Jean Twenge analyzed data sets from Monitoring the Future, an ongoing survey of a nationally representative sample of 50,000 teenagers each year from grades eight, ten, and twelve, from 1976 to 2016, for a grand total of 
  
    
      
        N
        =
        1
        ,
        021
        ,
        209
      
    
    {\displaystyle N=1,021,209}
  , with 51% being female. Originally, there were only twelfth graders; eighth- and tenth graders were added in 1991. They concluded that "compared with previous generations, teens in the 2010s spent more time online and less time with traditional media, such as books, magazines and television. Time on digital media has displaced time once spent enjoying a book or watching TV." Between 2006 and 2016, usage of digital media increased 100% among twelfth-graders, 75% among tenth-graders, and 68% among eighth-graders. Twelfth-graders spent a grand total of six hours each day texting, social networking, or gaming in the mid-2010s. In 2016, only two out of a hundred tenth-graders read a newspaper every day, down from one in three in the early 1990s. That same year, only 16% of twelfth-graders read a book or a magazine daily, down from 60% in the 1970s. Twelfth-graders also read on average two fewer books per year in the mid-2016 than the mid-1970s, and a third did not read books at all (including e-books) compared to one-ninth in the 1970s. Gaps along sexual, racial, or socioeconomic lines were statistically insignificant. This secular decline in leisure reading came as a surprise for the researchers because "It's so convenient to read books and magazines on electronic devices like tablets. There's no more going to the mailbox or the bookstore—you just download the magazine issue or book and start reading." Twenge further noted that the analyses of the Pew Research Center on reading did not distinguish between reading for school or work and reading for pleasure.

 News media 
For its 2019 Digital News Report, the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism at Oxford University asked people in the U.S. and U.K. what the first sources of news for them were. 45% of people aged 18 to 24 gave the smartphone as their answer. Of those, 57% said social media, including messaging apps, were the source of their first news. Among the social networks, Facebook was the top source for news for 48% of Generation Z, while YouTube was in second place at 32%. Only 23% said their first contact with the first news they read or watch each day came directly from the original sources. Meanwhile, 19% answered TV, 11% the radio, 5% desktop computers, and 4% newspapers as their first sources of news for the day. For Generation Z, the news brands are not as important as they are for those aged 35 or over. Most, however, do have a go-to source when a story breaks; CNN and The New York Times are the most common ones for American youths thanks to parental influence.Similarly, a 2019 survey by Barnes and Nobles Education found that The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, CNN and USA Today are deemed the most trustworthy news sources by Generation Z. They also found that Generation Z consider traditional print media to be the most trustworthy while words of mouth and what they see on social media to be the least trustworthy. Nevertheless, according to the Reuters Institute, while Generation Z understands the importance of traditional news agencies, they tend to be less loyal than their parents. Young Americans (and Britons) are concerned about the perceived bias, lack of context, negativity, and sensationalism in the news media. American youths today want news stories that are not only fun and meaningful but also accurate and fair. A 2016 poll by Gallup found that barely one in three Americans had a "great deal" or "fair" amount of trust in the news media, whose public image has been in decline since the 1990s. This trend holds across different age groups, though people aged 18 to 49 are less likely than those 50 years of age or older to trust the media. Globally, trust in the news media is falling, too. While visual story-telling has proven to be popular, 58% of Generation Z still prefer text to videos. This number goes up for people who are older. In the U.S., despite a bump due to the 2016 Presidential election, the number of people paying a subscription fee for online news has stabilized at about 16%. When asked what they would choose if they could have only one subscription, only 7% picked the news while 37% chose a video service and 15% selected music.

 Entertainment 

In its 2018 Gen Z Music Consumption & Spending Report, digital media company Sweety High found that Generation Z was listening to more diverse music than generations past. That they tended to switch seamlessly between different genres is significant because music preferences tend to solidify when people are 13 to 14 years old. Spotify was the most popular source of music Generation Z (61%) and terrestrial radio ranked second (55%). YouTube was the preferred platform for music discovery (75%). However, only one in four teens uses it for regular listening, making it less popular than even CDs (38%). A 2019 poll by Ypulse found that among teenagers (13 to 18) the top musicians were Billie Eilish and Ariana Grande whereas among young adults (19 to 26), the most liked were Taylor Swift and Ariana Grande.Using artificial intelligence, Joan Serra and his team at the Spanish National Research Council studied the massive Million Song Dataset and found that between 1955 and 2010, popular music has gotten louder, while the chords, melodies, and types of sounds used have become increasingly homogenized. While the music industry has long been accused of producing songs that are louder and blander, this is the first time the quality of songs is comprehensively studied and measured. Another study from the Lawrence Technological University found that between 1950 and 2016, the lyrics of most popular songs (found on the Billboard Hot 100 each year) have gotten less joyful and sadder and angrier. According to the researchers, this does not necessarily imply that music has changed or that musicians have been expressing what they want to express, but only that consumers' tastes have evolved. China-based music video app musical.ly was highly popular among American teens. This app was acquired by ByteDance, sometimes called the "Buzzfeed of China" because it is a hub for stories that go viral on the Internet. Unlike Buzzfeed, however, ByteDance does not employ young staff writers to create its contents; rather, it relies on algorithms equipped with artificial intelligence to collect and modify contents in order to optimize viewership. In 2018, musical.ly was shut down and its users were transferred to TikTok, a competing app developed by ByteDance. Both musical.ly and TikTok enable users to create short videos with popular songs as background music and with numerous special effects, including lip-synchronizing.According to Asha Choksi, vice president of global research and insights for the educational publisher Pearson, about one in every three members of Generation Z spends at least four hours per day watching videos online. Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics show that while people aged 15 to 24 spent more time playing video games in 2018, the time spent on computers and televisions remained virtually unchanged.2020 Nielsen figures revealed that the viewership of children's cable television channels such as Cartoon Network or Nickelodeon continued their steady decline, which was merely decelerated due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which forced many parents and their children to stay at home. On the other hand, streaming services saw healthy growth. A 2021 survey by Deloitte found that among people born between 1997 and 2007, 26% called playing video games their favorite entertainment activity, 14% listening to music, 12% surfing the Internet, 11% browsing social media, and 10% watching a movie or TV show at home.Dystopian fiction, such as The Hunger Games and Divergent, has been popular among teenagers. On the other hand, Generation Z continues to enjoy comfort television shows, including those from before their time, such as The Office (2005-2013) and Friends (1994-2004), as well shows featuring characters roughly their age, like Young Sheldon (2017–present), and long-running television drama, for example, Grey's Anatomy (2005–present).

 Other aspects 
The 9/11 terrorist attacks continue to haunt Americans, including those born after 2001. Since members of Generation Z were not yet cognizant when the 9/11 attacks occurred or had not yet been born at that time, there is no generational memory of a time the United States has not been at war with the loosely defined forces of global terrorism. Even twenty years after the attacks had taken place, concerns over national security as well as personal safety remain. The economic recession of 2007-2008 is another particularly important historical event that has shaped Generation Z, due to the ways in which their childhoods may have been affected by the recession's financial stresses felt by their parents. A 2013 survey by Ameritrade found that 47% in the United States (considered here to be those between the ages of 14 and 23) were concerned about student debt, while 36% were worried about being able to afford a college education at all. This generation is faced with a growing income gap and a shrinking middle-class, which all have led to increasing stress levels in families. According to Public Relations Society of America, the Great Recession has taught Generation Z to be independent, and has led to an entrepreneurial desire, after seeing their parents and older siblings struggle in the workforce.Psychologist Jean Twenge argued that as the typical American family has fewer children and as parents pay more attention to each of their children—for example by not allowing them to walk home from school—and to their education, the average American teenager in the mid- to late-2010s tended to be 'slow life-history strategists', meaning they delay taking part in adult activities such as drinking alcohol, having sexual intercourse, or driving. A 2014 study Generation Z Goes to College found that Generation Z students self-identify as being loyal, compassionate, thoughtful, open-minded, responsible, and determined. How they see their Generation Z peers is quite different from their own self-identity. They view their peers as competitive, spontaneous, adventuresome, and curious—all characteristics that they do not see readily in themselves.Generation Z today is more likely than young people in the past to try out new cuisines. There is also a growing interest in vegetarian foods.

 Demographics 

When Congress passed the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, as urged by President Lyndon B. Johnson, which abolished national quotas for immigrants and replaced it with a system that admits a fixed number of persons per year based in qualities such as skills and the need for refuge, immigration surged from elsewhere in North America (especially Canada and Mexico), Asia, Central America, and the West Indies. By the late 1990s and early 2000s, Asia and Latin America became the top sources of immigrants to the U.S.

A report by demographer William Frey of the Brookings Institution stated that in the United States, the Millennials are a bridge between the largely Caucasian pre-Millennials (Generation X and their predecessors) and the more diverse post-Millennials (Generation Z and their successors). Frey's analysis of U.S. Census data suggests that as of 2019, 50.9% of Generation Z is white, 13.8% is black, 25.0% Hispanic, and 5.3% Asian. (See figure below.) 29% of Generation Z are children of immigrants or immigrants themselves, compared to 23% of Millennials when they were at the same age. As of 2019, 13.7% of the U.S. population is foreign-born, compared to 9.7% in 1997, when the first members of Generation Z had their birth cries. Indeed, according to the Pew Research Center, in spite of the diminished flow of immigrants to the United States following the Great Recession, Generation Z is the most ethnically diverse yet seen. 52% of this generation is white. 25% is Hispanic. 14% is black, and 4% is Asian. Approximately 4% is multiracial, and this number has risen rapidly between 2000 and 2010. More specifically, the number of Americans who identify as mixed white and black has grown by 134% and those of both white and Asian extraction by 87%. For comparison, 44% of Millennials, 40% of Generation X, and 28% of the Baby Boomers identify as non-white. Research by the demographer Bill Frey suggests that at the national level, Hispanics and Asians are the fastest-growing racial minority groups in the United States while the number of Caucasians under the age of 18 has been declining since 2000. Overall, the number of births to Caucasian women in the United States dropped 7% between 2000 and 2018. Among foreign-born Caucasian women, however, the number of births increased by 1% in the same period. Although the number of births to foreign-born Hispanic women fell from 58% in 2000 to 50% in 2018, the share of births due to U.S.-born Hispanic women increased from 20% in 2000 to 24% in 2018. The number of births to foreign-born Asian women rose from 19% in 2000 to 24% in 2018 while that due to U.S.-born Asian women went from 1% in 2000 to 2% in 2018. In all, between 2000 and 2017, more births were to foreign-born than U.S.-born women.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
Members of Generation Z are slightly less likely to be foreign-born than Millennials; the fact that more American Latinos are born in the U.S. rather than abroad plays a role in making the first wave of Generation Z appear better educated than their predecessors. However, researchers note that this trend could be altered by changing immigration patterns and the younger members of Generation Z choosing alternate educational paths. 29% of Generation Z are children of immigrants or immigrants themselves, compared to 23% of Millennials when they were at the same age. As of 2019, 13.7% of the U.S. population is foreign-born, compared to 9.7% in 1997, when the first members of Generation Z had their birth cries.Not only are Americans becoming more and more racially diverse, but racial minorities are also becoming more geographically dispersed than ever before, as new immigrants settle in places other than the large metropolitan areas historically populated by migrants, such as New York City, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. A majority of Generation Z live in urban areas and are less inclined to change address than their predecessors. Similar to the Millennials, roughly two thirds of Generation Z come from households of married parents. By contrast, this living arrangement was essentially the norm for Generation X and the Baby Boomers, at 73% and 85%, respectively.As a demographic cohort, Generation Z is smaller than the Baby Boomers or their children, the Millennials. (See population pyramid.) According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Generation Z makes up about one quarter of the U.S. population. This demographic change could have social, cultural, and political implications for the decades ahead. Generation Z are usually the children of Generation X, and sometimes Millennials. Jason Dorsey, who works for the Center of Generational Kinetics, observed that Generation Z is not an extreme version of the Millennials but is rather different, and the differences can largely be attributed to parenting. Like parents from Generation X, members of Generation Z tend to be autonomous and pessimistic. They need validation less than the Millennials and typically become financially literate at an earlier age as many of their parents bore the full brunt of the Great Recession.Between 2009 and 2016, the number of grandparents raising their grandchildren went up 7%. This is due to a variety of factors, such as military deployment, the growing incarceration of women, drug addictions, and mental health issues. After declining for many years, the number of children in foster care increased 1% in 2013 and 3.4% in 2014. In response, states are sending more and more children who have been taken from their parents to their relatives, drawing from research showing that children tend to be better off being cared for by their own families than strangers and to save taxpayers' money.

 Economic trends and outlooks 

 Spending and savings habits 

 Consumer behavior 
According to an analysis by Goldman Sachs, people from Generation Z tend to be more pragmatic about money and more entrepreneurial than the Millennials. A survey on a thousand members of Generation Z conducted by the Center for Generational Kinetics found that 77% of them were spending the money they made themselves and 38% planned to work as university students.The development of technology has also given mobility and immediacy to Generation Z's consumption habits. They can take advantage of the on-demand economy, defined as "the economic activity created by technology companies that fulfill consumer demand via the immediate provisioning of goods and service." Generation Z tends to value utility and quality over brand name. Authenticity is critical. Having been raised by Generation X and grown up in a recession, members of Generation Z are quick to verify claims. Being heavy users of the Internet in general and social media in particular, they frequently employ these tools to learn more about a certain product or service they are interested in. Product specifications, vendor ratings, and peer reviews are all important. They tend to be skeptical and will shun firms whose actions and values are contradictory.
A survey conducted by Morning Consult in May 2019 found that among adults aged 18 to 21, 55% of females and 40% of males preferred to do their shopping in person rather than using their computers, or Amazon's Alexa. For all other adults, that number was 53%. Two out of three young adults said they went shopping for pleasure at least once per month. An A.T. Kearney survey sampling 1,500 consumers from four demographic cohorts found that the people aged 14 to 24 tended to purchase more products in the health and wellness category than any other groups and were more willing than their elders to halt a purchase if they disliked the customer service. 81% said they preferred brick-and-mortar stores and 73% said they would like to discover new products in such a store. 67% said they preferred products whose ingredients they can understand and 65% preferred simple packaging. 58% told the pollsters manually browsing products helps them disconnect from the digital world, a sort of "retail therapy." 22% said social media is a source of stress for them, a number that is higher than that for the Millennials (18%), Generation X (13%), and the Baby Boomers (8%). In addition, while more than half said they sought environmentally friendly products, only 38% were willing to pay extra for them. Young American consumers of this cohort are less likely to pay a premium for what they want compared to their counterparts from emerging economies.While majorities might signal their support for certain ideals such as "environmental consciousness" to pollsters, actual purchases do not reflect their stated views, as can be seen from their high demand for cheap but not durable clothing ("fast fashion"), or preference for rapid delivery. Nor are they willing to shun firms whose owners have "conservative" values, such as Chick-fil-A, which remains one of the most popular fast-food restaurant chains in the United States among teenagers. While majorities of older cohorts prefer American products, Generation Z is mixed on whether or not to buy goods made in China.
Milk consumption has declined among young people and the growing rate of lactose intolerance among the ethnically diverse Generation Z is part of the reason why.Nostalgia is a major theme of the behavior of consumers from Generation Z. For example, 2000s vintage electronics and fashion are back in vogue by the early 2020s. Youths who came of age during the 2010s and 2020s feel nostalgic about (simpler) eras of history they have never lived in due to the uncertainties and stress of modern life, with student loan debts and the threat of terrorism being the top concerns. For Millennials and older generations, nostalgia consumption is a way of reliving and cherishing the past they had experienced; for Generation Z, it is not only a source of comfort but also joy and excitement. Because of the era into which they were born, members of Generation Z likely have never used items that were popular in the decades before them, such as floppy disks, cassettes, VHS tapes, typewriters, television sets with antennas, television guides, answering machines, phone books, address books, pagers, fax machines, payphones, rotary and corded phones, print encyclopedias, paper maps, and non-digital projectors. Nevertheless, despite having the reputation for "killing" many things valued by older generations, Millennials and Generation Z are nostalgically preserving Polaroid cameras, vinyl records, needlepoint, and home gardening, to name just some. In fact, while "dumb phones" (or feature phones rather than smartphones) are on the decline around the world, in the U.S., their sales are growing among Generation Z. According to a 2019 YouGov poll, 31% of the U.S. population is willing to pay for music on vinyl, including 26% of Generation Z. As a matter of fact, Millennials and Generation Z have given life to nostalgia as an industry in the late 2010s and early 2020s, a trend that coincides with the resurgence of some cultural phenomena of the 2000s, such the television series Friends (1994–2004), something that is well-received among young people despite its age. Nostalgia has also contributed to the anticipation and subsequent commercial success of the summer film Barbie (2023) based on a well-known doll of the same name, even though it was intended for adults rather than children.

 Financial security 
According to the USA Today, 69% of Generation Z turn to their parents for financial advice compared to 52% of younger Millennials. Friends followed at a distant second place with 24% and 19%, respectively. Unlike their predecessors, members of Generation Z are highly averse to debts and many are already saving for retirement. Their money-saving habits are reminiscent of those who came of age during the Great Depression. According to Morning Consult, four in ten of those aged 18 to 22 incur no debt at all. However, because they are spending so much time online playing video games, they make many in-game purchases that add up over time without realizing how much money they are actually spending. In any case, in the second quarter of 2019, the number of people from Generation Z carrying a credit card balance increased by 41% compared to that of 2018 (from 5,483,000 to 7,746,000), as the first wave of this demographic cohort became old enough to take out a mortgage, a loan, or to have credit-card debt, according to TransUnion. In 2019, credit cards became the most common form of debt for Generation Z, overtaking auto loans. This is despite the fact that they grew up during the Great Recession. The financial industry expects continued growth in credit activity by Generation Z, whose rate of credit delinquency is comparable to those of the Millennials and Generation X. According to a 2019 report from the financial firm Northwestern Mutual, student loans were the top source of debt for Generation Z, at 25%. For comparison, mortgages were the top source of debt for the Baby Boomers (28%) and Generation X (30%); for the Millennials, it was credit card bills (25%).In a study conducted in 2015 the Center for Generational Kinetics found that American members of Generation Z, defined here as those born 1996 and onward, are less optimistic about the state of the US economy than their immediate predecessors, the Millennials. However, Generation Z (58%) is more likely to say they expect to be more successful than their parents were than younger Millennials (52%). Whereas 13% of younger Millennials said they expected to be less successful than their parents, only 10% of Generation Z said the same. A total of 58% of Generation Z said they had not experienced a quarter-life crisis, compared with 46% of younger Millennials. Americans aged 15 to 21 expect to be financially independent in their early twenties while their parents generally expect them to become so by their mid-twenties. By contrast, about one out of five Millennials expect to still be dependent on their parents beyond the age of 30. While the Millennials tend to prefer flexibility, Generation Z is more interested in certainty and stability. Whereas 23% of Millennials would leave a job if they thought they were not appreciated, only 15% of Generation Z would do the same, according to a Deloitte survey. According to the World Economic Forum (WEF), 77% of Generation Z expects to work harder than previous generations.

 Tourism and housing markets 
Research by the online travel booking company Booking.com reveals that 54% of Generation Z considered environmental impact of their travels to be an important factor, 56% said they would like to stay in environmentally friendly lodging, and 60% were interested in greener modes of transport once they reached their destinations. Meanwhile, the online booking firm Expedia Group found that cost was crucial for 82% of tourists from Generation Z. Therefore, the desire of Generation Z to travel and see the world comes into conflict with what they can afford and their wish to limit their environmental impact.With regards to the housing market, they typically look for properties with amenities that are comparable to what they experienced as university students. A 2019 Bank of America survey found that over half of people aged 18 to 23 were already saving for a home, with 59% saying they planned to do so within five years. More than one in two members of Generation Z said the top reason why they wanted to own a home was to start a family. For comparison, this number was 40% for the Millennials, 17% for Generation X, and 10% for the Baby Boomers. The survey also found that if they were given $5,000, most members of Generation Z would rather save that money for a down payment rather than spending it on a dream wedding, shopping, or a vacation. A majority of Generation Z was willing to take a second job, attend a less costly university, or move back to their parents' place in order to save money. They are also quite willing to live with people they did not know previously in order to save on rent in large metropolitan areas. According to the personal finance company Credit Karma, 43% of Generation Z said they had had strangers as roommates and 30% said they were willing to move in with roommates they did not know. House cleaning, a potential point of friction, is handled by maids. Nationwide, about one in four Americans have lived with someone they had no prior relationship with.Data from TransUnion reveals that as the Millennials enter the housing market in large numbers, taking out more mortgages in 2018 than any other living generation, Generation Z's number of new mortgages is also increasing dramatically, from 150,000 in the second quarter of 2018 to 319,000 in the second quarter of 2019, an increase of 112%. Generation Z consumers took out 41% more auto loans in the second quarter of 2019 than in the same period the previous year. While one out of five Millennial renters said they expected to continue to do so indefinitely, according to a survey by Apartment List, a Freddie Mac study found that 86% of Generation Z desired to own a home by the age of 30. Freddie Mac did note, however, that Generation Z understood the challenges of home prices, making down payments, and student loan debts. According to the real-estate company realtor.com, the first wave of Generation Z was buying homes at about the same rate as their grandparents the Silent Generation in late 2019, when they owned about 2% of the housing market. Judging by the amounts of mortgages, the top housing markets tend to have strong local economies and low cost of living. They also tend to be university towns; many young people prefer to live where they studied. In general, Generation Z appears most interested in owning a home in the Midwest and the South. Broadly speaking, while the Millennials are migrating North, Generation Z is moving South. The median price of a home purchased by Generation Z in 2019 was $160,600 and increasing, but remains lower than that of the Millennials, $256,500.

 Employment expectations and prospects 
Quantitative historian Peter Turchin observed that demand for labor in the United States had been stagnant since 2000 and would likely continue to 2020 as the nation went through the negative part of the Kondratiev wave. (See right.) Moreover, the share of people in their 20s continued to grow till the end of the 2010s according to projections by the U.S. Census Bureau, meaning the youth bulge would likely not fade away before the 2020s. As such the gap between the supply and demand in the labor market would likely not fall before then, and falling or stagnant wages generate sociopolitical stress.Current trends suggest that developments in artificial intelligence and robotics will not result in mass unemployment but can actually create high-skilled jobs. However, in order to take advantage of this situation, one needs a culture and an education system that promote lifelong learning. Honing skills that machines have not yet mastered, such as teamwork, will be crucial. Generation Z's top career choices—becoming business people, doctors, engineers, artists, and IT workers—are not that different from generations past. For them, the most important qualities in a job are income, fulfillment, work-life balance, and job security. Most prefer to work for a medium or large company rather than a startup or a government agency.A Harvard Business Review article from 2015 stated that about 70% of Generation Z was self-employed, e.g. selling things online, and only 12% had "traditional" teen jobs, such as waiting tables. Heavy use of the Internet has made self-employment much easier than it was in the past. A Morgan Stanley report, called the Blue Paper, projected that the Millennials and Generation Z have been responsible in a surge in labor participation in the U.S., and that while the U.S. labor force expands, that of other G10 countries will contract. This development alleviates concerns over America's aging population which jeopardizes the solvency of various welfare programs. As of 2019, Millennials and Generation Z account for 38% of the U.S. workforce; that number will rise to 58% in the incoming decade. Whenever they find themselves short on skills, Generation Z will pick up what they need using the Internet. While there is agreement across generations that it is very important for employees to learn new skills, Millennials and Generation Z are overwhelmingly more likely than Baby Boomers to think that it is the job of employees to train themselves. Baby Boomers tend to think it is the employer's responsibility. Moreover, Millennials and Generation Z (74%) tend to have more colleagues working remotely for a significant portion of their time compared to the Baby Boomers (58%).
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the occupations with the fastest projected growth rate between 2018 and 2028 are solar cell and wind turbine technicians, healthcare and medical aides, cyber security experts, statisticians, speech-language pathologists, genetic counselors, mathematicians, operations research analysts, software engineers, forest fire inspectors and prevention specialists, post-secondary health instructors, and phlebotomists. Their projected growth rates are between 23% (medical assistants) and 63% (solar cell installers); their annual median pays range between roughly US$24,000 (personal care aides) to over US$108,000 (physician assistants). Occupations with the highest projected numbers of jobs added between 2018 and 2028 are healthcare and personal aides, nurses, restaurant workers (including cooks and waiters), software developers, janitors and cleaners, medical assistants, construction workers, freight laborers, marketing researchers and analysts, management analysts, landscapers and groundskeepers, financial managers, tractor and truck drivers, and medical secretaries. The total numbers of jobs added ranges from 881,000 (personal care aides) to 96,400 (medical secretaries). Annual median pays range from over US$24,000 (fast-food workers) to about US$128,000 (financial managers).2019 data from the U.S. government reveals that there are over half a million vacant manufacturing jobs in the country, a record high, thanks to an increasing number of Baby Boomers entering retirement. However, in order to attract new workers to overcome this "Silver Tsunami," manufacturers need to debunk a number of misconceptions about their industries. For example, the American public tends to underestimate the salaries of manufacturing workers. Nevertheless, almost one in three members of Generation Z said a career in manufacturing was recommended to them, which is higher than 18% of the general public and 13% of Millennials, and over one quarter said they would consider a job in that sector. In addition, the number of people doubting the viability of American manufacturing has declined to 54% in 2019, compared to 70% in 2018, the L2L Manufacturing Index measured. After the Great Recession, the number of U.S. manufacturing jobs reached a minimum of 11.5 million in February 2010. It rose to 12.8 million in September 2019. It was 14 million in March 2007. As of 2019, manufacturing industries made up 12% of the U.S. economy, which is increasingly reliant on service industries, as is the case for other advanced economies around the world. Nevertheless, twenty-first-century manufacturing is increasingly sophisticated, using advanced robotics, 3D printing, cloud computing, among other modern technologies, and technologically savvy employees are precisely what employers need. Four-year university degrees are unnecessary; technical or vocational training, or perhaps apprenticeship would do. America's shortage of skilled tradespeople, such as plumbers—whose incomes are in six digits—continues in early 2021 despite the COVID-19 pandemic and despite rising salaries and potential employers offering to pay their recruits during training.Due to declining interest in higher education and a tight labor market, in the early 2020s, young Americans could expect to be hired right after graduating high school. In May 2023, the unemployment rate of Americans aged 16 to 24 was 7.5%, the lowest in 70 years. Yet despite a strong labor market and falling inflation, economist Karen Dynan observed that young Americans tend to be pessimistic about their economic prospects, worrying about a possible recession, expensive housing, and the possibility of being laid off.

 Transportation choices 
According to the Pew Research Center, young people are more likely to ride public transit. In 2016, 21% of adults aged 18 to 21 took public transit on a daily, almost daily, or weekly basis. By contrast, this number of all U.S. adults was 11%. Nationwide, about three quarters of American commuters drive their own cars. Also according to Pew, 51% of U.S. adults aged 18 to 29 used a ride-hailing service such as Lyft or Uber in 2018 compared to 28% in 2015. That number for all U.S. adults were 15% in 2015 and 36% in 2018. In general, ride-hailing service users tend to be urban residents, young (18-29), university graduates, and high-income earners ($75,000 a year or more).Although Generation Z by and large no longer views car ownership as a status symbol, a life milestone, or a ticket to freedom, the automotive industry hopes that, like the Millennials, members of Generation Z will later purchase cars in great numbers. Indeed, the number of Generation Z consumers taking out auto loans is rising drastically, from 3,072,000 in the second quarter of 2018 to 4,376,000 in the second quarter of 2019, an increase of 42%. However, 27% of Generation Z consider environmental friendliness to be an important factor, which is higher than their predecessors when they were at the same age. Much more important, though, is the price (77%). Generation Z is not particularly concerned with style or brand; they are more interested in safety. They tend to be more receptive towards self-driving cars. They are also interested in the interior electronic technology of the cars they might purchase. More specifically, they would like to be able to hook up their smartphones to the Bluetooth-capable audio systems and backup cameras.

 Education 
A 2022 poll by YPulse found that the top five sets of skills Millennials and Generation Z wished they had learned at school were managing mental health, self-defense, survival skills and basic first aid, cooking, and personal finance.The COVID-19 pandemic has badly disrupted the American education system. In the early 2020s, different school districts report significant shortages of teachers, many of whom have left their positions or the profession itself due to low pay, stressful work environments, the lack of respect for them, and the hostility towards them from some politicians and parents. This problem is not new but it mostly affects students in economically deprived areas. Well-endowed suburban schools do not have this problem. Public schools across the United States also presently face falling enrollment due to population decline and defections to private schools and home schooling. As a result, their funding has also fallen.Many students are finding themselves in the midst of an escalating cultural conflict in which political activists are demanding that books dealing with sensitive topics relating to race and sexuality and those that include coarse language and explicit violence be removed from school libraries. The teaching of race and sexuality also proven to be politically controversial in recent years, so much so that following the COVID-19 pandemic, support for parents' rights in deciding their children's educational contents and school choice, or the redirecting of tax money via vouchers to fund private schools chosen by the parents, has grown considerably. Many parents have also used school vouchers to send children to religious or parochial schools, taking advantage of a 2022 Supreme Court ruling. To pacify angry parents and to comply with new state laws, many schoolteachers have opted to remove certain items from their lessons altogether.Despite the general consensus that mathematics education in the United States is mediocre, as indicated by international test scores in the late 2010s, there is strong partisan disagreement over how to address this issue because people are divided between the more traditional teacher-led approach and the student-led or inquiry-based method. An emphasis on rote memorization and speed gives as many as one in three students age five and up mathematical anxiety. Meanwhile, an increasing number of parents opted to send their children to enrichment and accelerated learning after-school or summer programs in the subject. However, many school officials turned their backs on these programs, believing that their primary beneficiaries are affluent white and Asian families, prompting parents to pick private institutions or math circles. Some public schools serving low-income neighborhoods even denied the existence of mathematically gifted students. By the mid-2010s, however, some public schools have begun offering enrichment programs to their students.Nevertheless, American students ranked above the OECD average in science and computer literacy, as of 2021.

 Pre-school and kindergarten 
In 2018, the American Academy of Pediatrics released a policy statement summarizing progress on developmental and neurological research on unstructured time spent by children, colloquially 'play', and noting the importance of play time for social, cognitive, and language skills development. This is because to many educators and parents, play has come to be seen as outdated and irrelevant. In fact, between 1981 and 1997, time spent by children on unstructured activities dropped by 25% due to increased amounts of time spent on structured activities. Unstructured time tended to be spent on screens at the expense of active play. The statement encourages parents and children to spend more time on "playful learning," which reinforces the intrinsic motivation to learn and discover and strengthens the bond between children and their parents and other caregivers. It also helps children handle stress and prevents "toxic stress," something that hampers development. Dr. Michael Yogman, lead author of the statement, noted that play does not necessarily have to involve fancy toys; common household items would do as well. Moreover, parents reading to children also counts as play, because it encourages children to use their imaginations.

 Primary 
Although the Common Core standards eliminated the requirement that public elementary schools teach cursive writing in 2010, lawmakers from many states, including Illinois, Ohio, and Texas, have introduced legislation to teach it in theirs in 2019. Some studies point to the benefits of handwriting—print or cursive—for the development of cognitive and motor skills as well as memory and comprehension. For example, one 2012 neuroscience study suggests that handwriting "may facilitate reading acquisition in young children." Cursive writing has been used to help students with learning disabilities, such as dyslexia, a disorder that makes it difficult to interpret words, letters, and other symbols. Unfortunately, lawmakers often cite them out of context, conflating handwriting in general with cursive handwriting. In any case, some 80% of historical records and documents of the United States, such as the correspondence of Abraham Lincoln, was written by hand in cursive, and students today tend to be unable to read them. Indeed, historian and former Harvard University president Drew Gilpin Faust noted that the Generation Z never learned to read and write cursive. Historically, cursive writing was regarded as a mandatory, almost military, exercise. But today, it is thought of as an art form by those who pursue it, both adults and children.The percentage of American fourth-graders proficient in reading declined during the late 2010s, according to the National Assessment of Educational Progress.

 Secondary 
While courses on home economics, also known as family and consumer sciences (FCS), were commonplace in the United States during the twentieth century, they were on the decline in the early twenty-first for a variety of reasons, ranging from a shortage of qualified teachers to funding cuts. This is despite attempts to revise them for life in the contemporary era. FCS courses in the past taught the basics of cooking and housework but now also teach nutrition, community gardening, composting, personal finance, among other topics; they are intended to fill in the gaps of knowledge that parents in the olden days taught their children but in many cases can no longer do because both parents are working. In 2012, there were only 3.5 million students enrolled in FCS courses in secondary schools, a drop of 38% from the previous decade.A survey by the Pew Research Center found that one in three girls aged 13 to 17 felt excited every day or almost every day about something they learned at school. For boys of the same age group, this number is just above one in five. Since the early 2010s, a number of U.S. states have taken steps to strengthen teacher education. Ohio, Tennessee, and Texas had the top programs in 2014. Meanwhile, Rhode Island, which previously had the nation's lowest bar on who can train to become a school teacher, has been admitting education students with higher and higher average SAT, ACT, and GRE scores. The state aims to accept only those with standardized test scores in the top third of the national distribution by 2020, which would put it in the ranks of education superpowers such as Finland and Singapore. In Finland, studying to become a teacher is as tough and prestigious as studying to become a medical doctor or a lawyer.
During the 2000s and 2010s, whereas the Asian polities (especially China, Hong Kong, South Korea, and Singapore) actively sought out gifted students and steered them towards competitive programs, Europe and the United States emphasized inclusion and focused on helping struggling students. Developmental cognitive psychologist David Geary observed that Western educators remained "resistant" to the possibility that even the most talented of schoolchildren needed encouragement and support. In addition, even though it is commonly believed that past a certain IQ benchmark (typically 120), practice becomes much more important than cognitive abilities in mastering new knowledge, recently published research papers based on longitudinal studies, such as the Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth (SMPY) and the Duke University Talent Identification Program, suggest otherwise.
According to the 2018 National Assessment of Educational Progress, 73% of American eighth and twelfth graders had deficient writing skills. There have been numerous reports in the 2010s on how U.S. students were falling behind their international counterparts in the STEM subjects, especially those from (East) Asia. For example, American schoolchildren put up a mediocre performance on the OECD-sponsored Program for International Student Assessment (PISA), administered every three years to fifteen-year-old students around the world on reading comprehension, mathematics, and science, falling in the middle of the pack of some 71 countries and territories that participated in 2015. In fact, reading scores dropped for all ethnic groups except Asians in the late 2010s, according to the National Assessment of Educational Progress. This is a source of concern for some because academically gifted students in STEM can have an inordinately positive impact on the national economy. In addition, while American students are less focused on STEM, students from China and India are not only outperforming them but are also coming to the United States in large numbers for higher education.
Although passing a high school physics course is linked to graduating from college with a STEM degree, something that is increasingly popular among Generation Z, just under two-fifths of high school graduates did in 2013, according to the American Institute of Physics. With few high school students taking physics, even fewer will study the subject in college and be able to teach it, a vicious cycle. The shortage of high school physics teachers is even more acute than that of mathematics or chemistry teachers.Many American public schools suffer from inadequate or dated facilities. Some schools even leak when it rains. It is 2017 report on American infrastructure, the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) gave public schools a score of D+. In 2013, less than a third of American public schools have access to broadband Internet service, according to the non-profit EducationSuperHighway. By 2019, however, that number reached 99%. This has increased the frequency of digital learning.Sex education has been reformed. While traditional lessons involving bananas and condoms remain common, newer approaches that emphasize financial responsibility and character development have been implemented. These reforms play a role in the significant drop in teenage birthrates.By the mid-2010s, over four-fifths of American high school students graduate on time and over 70% enroll in college right after graduation. However, nationally, only one-quarter of American high school seniors are able to do grade-level math and only 37% are proficient in reading, yet about half graduate from high school as A students, prompting concerns of grade inflation. In addition, while 93% of middle school students said they want to attend college, only 26% go on to do so and graduate within six years. Critics argue that American high schools are not giving students they need for their future lives and careers. On top of the high costs of collegiate education, the vacancy of potentially millions of skilled jobs that do not require a university degree is making lawmakers reconsider their stance on tertiary education.

 Post-secondary 

Generation Z is revolutionizing the educational system in many aspects. Thanks in part to a rise in the popularity of entrepreneurship and advancements in technology, high schools and colleges across the globe are including entrepreneurship in their curriculum.Generation Z is more likely to search for the information they need on the Internet rather than going through a book and are accustomed to learning by watching videos.

 Technical, trades, and vocational schools 
According to the WEF, over one in five members of Generation Z are interested in attending a trade or technical school instead of a college or university. In the United States today, high school students are generally encouraged to attend college or university after graduation while the options of technical school and vocational training are often neglected. Historically, high schools separated students on career tracks, with programs aimed at students bound for higher education and those bound for the workforce. Students with learning disabilities or behavioral issues were often directed towards vocational or technical schools. All this changed in the late 1980s and early 1990s thanks to a major effort in the large cities to provide more abstract academic education to everybody. The mission of high schools became preparing students for college, referred to as "high school to Harvard." However, this program faltered in the 2010s, as institutions of higher education came under heightened skepticism due to high costs and disappointing results. People became increasingly concerned about debts and deficits. No longer were promises of educating "citizens of the world" or estimates of economic impact coming from abstruse calculations sufficient. Colleges and universities found it necessary to prove their worth by clarifying how much money from which industry and company-funded research, and how much it would cost to attend.According to the Department of Education, people with technical or vocational training are slightly more likely to be employed than those with a bachelor's degree and significantly more likely to be employed in their fields of specialty. The United States currently suffers from a shortage of skilled tradespeople. If nothing is done, this problem will get worse as aging workers retire and the market tightens due to falling unemployment rates. Economists argue that raising wages could incentivize more young people to pursue these careers. Many manufacturers are partnering with community colleges to create apprenticeship and training programs. However, they still have an image problem as people perceive manufacturing jobs as unstable, given the mass layoffs during the Great Recession of 2007–8.Career counselors are in extremely high demand, being called for not just appointments but also career fairs and orientation sessions for new students. Whereas 75% of Americans have never had someone pointing out the options of a trade or vocational school to them, this number is only 59% for Generation Z, according to the L2L Manufacturing Index. Members of Generation Z have witnessed their elders the Millennials accumulating large amounts of debts in order to pay for expensive university tuition fees and are consequently more open to alternative educational routes and career options. According to the 2018 CNBC All-American Economic Survey, only 40% of Americans believed that the financial cost of a four-year university degree is justified, down from 44% five years before. Moreover, only 50% believed a four-year program is the best kind of training, down from 60%, and the number of people who saw value in a two-year program jumped to 26% from 18%. These findings are consistent with other reports.

 College preparation 
High school students bound for university in the United States often take standardized exams such as the SAT. Between 2005 and 2015, when the test was revised, there was a clear decline in test scores, despite various attempts at educational reforms. Improvements in elementary-school grades amounted to nothing in high school. Reasons for this include poverty, urban decay, low parental educational attainment, and weak linguistic skills. Direct score comparisons between different U.S. states and the District of Columbia is difficult, however, because the lower the participation, the higher the scores, and different states had different numbers of test takers. Cyndie Schmeiser of the College Board, which administers the SAT, told The Washington Post that between 2010 and 2015, only 42% of students scored at least 1550, considered the benchmark for college readiness. In 2016, a new grading scheme was introduced. While the old test had a maximum score of 2400 and had three sections, mathematics, reading, and writing, the new one has a maximum score of 1600 and only two sections, mathematics and "evidence-based reading and writing." Final scores were re-scaled, such that the combined mathematics and verbal score on the old SAT do not correspond to the total score from the new one. Thus, for example, a new 1400 corresponds to an old 1340. In general, new scores are inflated between 60 and 80 points. This does not mean the test has become easier or that the students have become better prepared, however. In general, scores are positively correlated with family income and privately educated students tend to do better. The College Board announced a partnership with the non-profit organization Khan Academy to offer free test-preparation materials to help level the playing field for students from low-income families.As students' scores fell for all subjects, especially in mathematics, among students of all backgrounds, the entire cohort of college students in the 2022-23 academic year have lower average grades and mathematical standards.

 Colleges and universities 

The Pew Research Center found that 59% of Generation Z aged 20 to 22 were enrolled in college in 2019, compared to 53% of Millennials in 2002. The number of young people attending university was 44% in 1986. Nevertheless, undergraduate enrollment has been in decline for some time. Due to population aging, the number of college-aged people in the United States will fall after 2025, making it easier for people born in the late 2000s and after to get admitted. Demand for the top 100 American institutions, however, will likely remain largely unchanged.Overall, the 2010s have proven to be a turbulent period for higher education in the United States, as small private colleges from across the country face deep financial trouble due to higher tuition discounts in order to attract students at a time of expensive higher education costs, tougher regulation, and the fact that the college-aged population has declined. Institutions address these challenges by dropping programs with low student interest, including many in the liberal arts and the humanities, like gender studies and critical race theory, and creating majors for emerging fields, such as artificial intelligence, or professional programs, such as law enforcement, and investing in online learning programs. As of 2019, some 800 schools faced the prospects of either closure or consolidation with existing ones. Public colleges and university systems are also consolidating in order to cut costs. Meanwhile, the for-profit sector has been nose-diving due to increased regulatory oversight and poor outcomes. Economists Clayton Christensen and Michael Horn independently predicted in 2019 that large numbers of the over 4,000 colleges and universities in the U.S. will permanently close within 15 to 20 years. Rising administrative costs, sluggish middle-class wages, demographic decline (especially in the Northeast and Midwest), new forms of learning, stronger competition from better endowed universities, and higher demands of technical training undermine the financial viability of many schools. "It's going to be brutal across American higher education," Horn told CBS News. A 2019 analysis by Moody's Investor Services estimated that about 20% of all small private liberal arts colleges in the United States were in serious financial trouble.Such were the trends before 2020, and the arrival of SARS-CoV-2 in the United States in 2020 merely accelerated the process. The novel pneumonia virus not only wrought havoc on the nation but also caused a severe economic downturn. Consequently, families chose to either delay or avoid sending their children to institutions of higher education altogether. Worse still, colleges and universities have become dependent on foreign students for revenue because they pay full tuition fees and the international restrictions imposed to alleviate the spread of the pandemic mean that this stream of revenue will shrink substantially. On top of that, many schools face lawsuits by students who believed they had received substandard online services in the wake of the pandemic. Numerous institutions, including elite ones, have suspended graduate programs in the humanities and liberal arts due to low student interest and dim employment prospects.Historically, university students were more likely to be male than female. This trend continued into the very early twenty-first century, but by the late 2010s, the situation has reversed. Women are now more likely to enroll in university than men. By the end of the 2020–21 academic year, 59.5% of university students were women. Compared to five years ago, the number of students enrolled in American institutions of higher education has declined by about 1.5 million, with men being responsible for 71% of the decline. This growing sex gap has been growing for four decades in the United States in parallel with other countries of middle to high income. In addition, among those who attend college or university, women are more likely then men to graduate with a degree within six years. There is little support for initiatives to encourage and assist men to attend college due to identity politics, which paints men, especially white men, as a privileged group. The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the trend of declining interest in higher education among young men. On the other hand, the number of women's colleges continues to fall, following a decades-long trend.As Generation Z enters high school, and they start preparing for college, a primary concern is paying for a college education without acquiring debt. Students report working hard in high school in hopes of earning scholarships and the hope that parents will pay the college costs not covered by scholarships. As of 2019, the total college debt has exceeded $1.5 trillion, and two out of three college graduates are saddled with debt. The average borrower owes $37,000, up $10,000 from ten years before. A 2019 survey by TD Ameritrade found that over 30% of Generation Z (and 18% of Millennials) said they have considered taking a gap year between high school and college. In order to address the challenges of expensive tuition and student debt, many colleges have diversified their revenue, especially by changing enrollment, recruitment, and retention, and introduced further tuition discounts. Between the academic years 2007-8 and 2018–9, tuition discounts increased significantly. Almost nine in every ten first-time full-time freshmen received some kind of financial aid in the academic year 2017–8.Students also report interest in Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) programs as a means of covering college costs. Indeed, college subsidies are one of the most attractive things about signing up for military service. Another enticement is signing bonuses, whose amounts vary according to specialty.However, in 2010, quantitative historian Peter Turchin noted that the United States was overproducing university graduates—he termed this elite overproduction—in the 2000s and predicted, using historical trends, that this would be one of the causes of political instability in the 2020s, alongside income inequality, stagnating or declining real wages, growing public debt. According to Turchin, intensifying competition among graduates, whose numbers were larger than what the economy could absorb, leads to political polarization, social fragmentation, and even violence as many become disgruntled with their dim prospects despite having attained a high level of education. He warned that the turbulent 1960s and 1970s could return, as having a massive young population with university degrees was one of the key reasons for the instability of the past.
Members of Generation Z are anxious to pick majors that teach them marketable skills. According to the World Economic Forum (WEF), some 88% consider job preparation to be the point of college. 39% are aiming for a career in medicine or healthcare, 20% in the natural sciences, 18% in biology or biotechnology, and 17% in business. A 2018 Gallup poll on over 32,000 university students randomly selected from 43 schools from across the United States found that just over half (53%) of them thought their chosen major would lead to gainful employment. STEM students expressed the highest confidence (62%) while those in the liberal arts were the least confident (40%). Just over one in three thought they would learn the skills and knowledge needed to become successful in the workplace. Because jobs (that matched what one studied) were so difficult to find in the few years following the Great Recession, the value of getting a liberal arts degree and studying the humanities at university came into question, their ability to develop a well-rounded and broad-minded individual notwithstanding. While the number of students majoring in the humanities has fallen significantly, those in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, or STEM, have risen sharply. Furthermore, those who majored in the humanities and the liberal arts in the 2010s were most likely to regret having done so, whereas those in STEM, especially computer science and engineering, were the least likely. Indeed, STEM workers tend to earn more than their non-STEM counterparts; the difference widens after the bachelor's degree. 54% of people in the life sciences have an advanced degree, making this group the most educated overall among STEM workers. While about half of STEM graduates work in non-STEM jobs, people with collegiate STEM training still tend to earn more, regardless of whether or not their job is STEM-related or not.About a quarter of American university students failed to graduate within six years in the late 2010s and those who did faced diminishing wage premiums.Ever since it was introduced in the 1960s, affirmative action has been a controversial topic in the United States. In late June 2023, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled against race-based admissions. Subsequently, schools faced pressure to end legacy admissions as well.

 Health issues 

 General 
A 2020 study of data from 1999 to 2015 suggests that children living with married parents tended to have lower rates of early-life mortality than those living with unmarried or single parents and non-parents.

 Puberty 
In both Europe and the United States, the average age of the onset of puberty was around 13 in the early twenty-first century, down from about 16 a hundred years earlier. Early puberty is associated with a variety of mental health issues—such as anxiety and depression, as people at this age tend to strongly desire conformity with their peers—, early sexual activity, substance abuse, tobacco smoking, eating disorders, and disruptive behavioral disorders. To compound matters, factors known for prompting mental health problems are themselves linked to early pubertal onset; these are early childhood stress, absent fathers, domestic conflict, and low socioeconomic status. Possible causes of early puberty could be positive, namely improved nutrition, or negative, such as obesity and stress.In the United States, African girls on average enter puberty first, followed by those of Hispanic, European, and Asian extraction, in that order. But African-American girls are less likely to face the negative effects of puberty than their counterparts of European descent.A 2019 meta-analysis and review of the research literature from all inhabited continents found that between 1977 and 2013, the age of pubertal onset among girls has fallen by an average of almost three months per decade, but with significant regional variations, ranging from 10.1 to 13.2 years in Africa to 8.8 to 10.3 years in the United States. This investigation relies on measurements of thelarche (initiation of breast tissue development) using the Tanner scale rather than self-reported menarche (first menstruation) and MRI brain scans for signs of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis being reactivated. Furthermore, there is evidence that sexual maturity and psychosocial maturity no longer coincide; twenty-first-century youths appear to be reaching the former before the latter. Neither adolescents nor societies are prepared for this mismatch.

 Physical 
Data from the NCES showed that in the academic year 2018–19, 15% of students receiving special education under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act was suffering from "other health impairments"—such as asthma, diabetes, epilepsy, heart problems, hemophilia, lead poisoning, leukemia, nephritis, rheumatic fever, sickle cell anemia, and tuberculosis.

 Vision 
A 2015 study found that the frequency of nearsightedness has doubled in the United Kingdom within the last 50 years. Ophthalmologist Steve Schallhorn, chairman of the Optical Express International Medical Advisory Board, noted that research have pointed to a link between the regular use of handheld electronic devices and eyestrain. The American Optometric Association sounded the alarm on a similar vein. According to a spokeswoman, digital eyestrain, or computer vision syndrome, is "rampant, especially as we move toward smaller devices and the prominence of devices increase in our everyday lives." Symptoms include dry and irritated eyes, fatigue, eye strain, blurry vision, difficulty focusing, headaches. However, the syndrome does not cause vision loss or any other permanent damage. In order to alleviate or prevent eyestrain, the Vision Council recommends that people limit screen time, take frequent breaks, adjust screen brightness, change the background from bright colors to gray, increase text sizes, and blinking more often. Parents should not only limit their children's screen time but should also lead by example.

 Allergies 
While food allergies have been observed by doctors since ancient times and virtually all foods can be allergens, research by the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota found they are becoming increasingly common since the early 2000s. Today, one in twelve American children has a food allergy, with peanut allergy being the most prevalent type. Nut allergies, in general, have quadrupled and shellfish allergies have increased 40% between 2004 and 2019. In all, about 36% of American children have some kind of allergy. By comparison, this number among the Amish in Indiana is 7%. Allergies have also risen ominously in other Western countries. In general, the better developed the country, the higher the rates of allergies. Reasons for this remain poorly understood. One possible explanation, supported by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, is that parents keep their children "too clean for their own good." They recommend exposing newborn babies to a variety of potentially allergenic foods, such as peanut butter, before they reach the age of six months. According to this "hygiene hypothesis," such exposures give the infant's immune system some exercise, making it less likely to overreact. Evidence for this includes the fact that children living on a farm are consistently less likely to be allergic than their counterparts who are raised in the city, and that children born in a developed country to parents who immigrated from developing nations are more likely to be allergic than their parents are.

 Mental 
A survey conducted the Fall of 2018 by the American Psychological Association revealed that Generation Z had the weakest mental health of any living generation; some 91% of this demographic cohort reported physical or emotion symptoms associated with stress. Some 54% of workers under the age of 23 said they felt stressed within the last month, compared to 40% for Millennials. The national average was 34%. Experts have not reached a consensus on what might be the cause of this spike in mental health issues. Some suggest it is because of the current state of the world while others argue it is due to increased willingness to discuss such topics. Perhaps both are at play. There is a growing body of evidence that there is a direct link between having access to social media at a young age and weak mental health. Across the United States, university students are besieging the offices of health service workers seeking mental health support. Indeed, Generation Z is the most likely to report having mental health issues than any other living generations. According to The Economist, while teenagers from wealthier households are less likely to have behavioral problems, mental health is an issue that affects every teen regardless of family background. Moreover, the number of university students reporting mental health issues has been rising since the 1950s, if not earlier. Today, one in five American adults suffer from a mental condition, according to the National Institute of Mental Health.

 Anxiety, depression, and suicidal ideation 
A research paper published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) in June 2019 found a marked increase in suicide rates among adolescents. In 2017, the suicide rate for people aged 15 to 19 was 11.8 per 100,000, the highest point since 2000, when it was 8 per 100,000. In 2017, 6,241 Americans aged 15 to 19 committed suicide, of whom 5,016 were male and 1,225 were female. A flaw in this study is that cause-of-death reports may occasionally be inaccurate. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported a 30% increase in suicide across all age groups in the United States between 2000 and 2016. There could be a variety of reasons for this. The authors of the JAMA paper suggest an increased willingness by families and coroners to label a death as a result of suicide, depression or opioid usage. Nadine Kaslow, a psychiatrist and behavioral scientist at the Emory University School of Medicine, who was not involved in the paper, pointed to the weakening of familial and other social bonds and the heavy use of modern communications technology, which exposes people to the risk of cyber-bullying. She noted that other studies have shown higher suicide rates, too, especially among adolescents and young adults.The number of American teenagers who suffered from the classic symptoms of depression rose 33% between 2010 and 2015. During the same period, the number of those aged 13 to 21 who committed suicide jumped 31% between 2010 and 2015. Psychologist Jean Twenge and her colleagues found that this growth of mental health issues was not divided along the lines of socioeconomic class, race/ethnicity, or geographical location. Rather, it was associated with spending more time in front of a screen. In general, suicide risk factors—depression, contemplating, planning, and attempting suicide—increase significantly if the subject spends more than two to three hours online. Especially, those who spent five or more hours had their suicide risk factors increase 71%. It is not clear, however, whether depression causes a teenager to spend more time online or the other way around. At the same time, teens who spent more time online were more likely to not have enough sleep, a major predictor of depression. Many teenagers told researchers they used a smartphone or a tablet right before bed, kept the device close, and used it as an alarm clock. But the blue light emitted by these devices, texting, and social networking are known for perturbing sleep. Besides mental problems like depression and anxiety, sleep deprivation is also linked to reduced performance in school and obesity. Parents can address the problem of sleep deprivation simply by imposing limits on screen time and buying simple alarm clocks.

 Sleep deprivation 
Research from the American Academy of Pediatrics analyzing responses from the parents of caregivers of 49,050 children aged six to seventeen in the combined 2016-2017 National Survey of Children's Health revealed that only 47.6% of American children slept for nine hours on most days, meaning a significant number was sleep deprived. Compared with children who did not get enough sleep most nights, those who did were 44% more likely to be curious about new things, 33% more likely to finish their homework, 28% more likely to care about their academic performance, and 14% more likely to finish the tasks they started. The researchers identified the risk factors associated with sleep deprivation among children to be the low educational attainment of parents or caregivers, being from families living below the federal poverty line, higher digital media usage, more negative childhood experiences, and mental illnesses. American teenagers share a common habit of having their smartphones on at night, at the expense of the quality of their own sleep.

 Cognitive abilities 
According to the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), between the academic years 2011–12 and 2018–19, the number of students aged three to twenty-one receiving special education under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) increased from 6.4 million to 7.1 million. Of these, one in three suffered from a specific learning disability, such as having more difficulty than usual with reading or understanding mathematics. Among students enrolled in public schools in that age group, the share receiving special education rose from 13% to 14% during the same time period. Amerindians (18%) and blacks (16%) were the most likely to receive special education while Pacific Islanders (11%) and Asians (7%) were the least likely. After specific learning disabilities, the most common types of learning disorders included speech and language impairment (19%), autism (11%), and developmental delay (7%).In a 2018 paper, cognitive scientists James R. Flynn and Michael Shayer presented evidence that from the 1990s until the 2010s, the observed gains in IQ during the twentieth century—commonly known as the Flynn effect—had either stagnated (as in the case of Australia, France, and the Netherlands), became mixed (in the German-speaking nations), or reversed (in the Nordic countries and the United Kingdom). This, however, was not the case in South Korea or the United States, as the U.S. continued its historic march towards higher IQ, a rate of 0.38 per decade, at least up until 2014 while South Korea saw its IQ scores growing at twice the average U.S. rate.While U.S. IQ scores continued to increase, creativity scores, as measured by the Torrance Test of Creative Thinking, were in decline between the 1990s and the late 2000s. Educational psychologist Kyung Hee Kim reached this conclusion after analyzing data samples of kindergartens to high-school students and adults in 1974, 1984, 1990, and 2008, a grand total of 272,599 individuals. Previously, U.S. educational success was attributed to the encouragement of creative thinking, something education reformers in China, Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan sought to replicate. But U.S. educators decided to go in the opposite direction, emphasizing standardization and test scores at the expense of creativity. On the parenting side, giving children little play time and letting them spend large amounts of time in front of a screen likely contributed to the trend. Creativity has real-life consequences, not just in the arts but also in academia and in life outcomes.

 Political views and participation 

 General 
In 2018, Gallup conducted a survey of almost 14,000 Americans from all 50 states and the District of Columbia aged 18 and over on their political sympathies. They found that overall, younger adults tended to lean liberal while older adults tilted conservative. (See chart.) More specifically, groups with strong conservative leanings included the elderly, residents of the Midwest and the South, and people with some or no college education. Groups with strong liberal leanings were adults with advanced degrees, whereas those with moderate liberal leanings included younger adults (18 to 29 and 30 to 49), women, and residents of the East. Gallup found little variations by income groups compared to the national average. However, these broad trends conceal a significant gender divide, with young women under 30 years of age being vocally left-leaning and young men being fiercely right-leaning on a variety of issues from immigration to sexual harassment. According to Gallup, the gap as of early 2024 was 30 percentage points.According to political scientists Roger Eatwell and Matthew Goodwin, early research suggests that more of the youngest of Americans elegible to vote in the late 2010s identified as conservatives than members of Generation X when they were teenagers during the 1980s, at 30%. Growing up during an era of significant economic hardship and rapid ethnic change, many feel anxious about the flow of immigrants into their country. As is the case with many European countries, empirical evidence poses real challenges to the popular argument that the surge of nationalism and populism is an ephemeral phenomenon due to 'angry white old men' who would inevitably be replaced by younger and more liberal voters; there is no guarantee that the West, in general, is on a one-way trip towards a liberal and progressive future.As of 2023, many members of Generation Z remain open to new political ideas and as such could be captured by either major political parties of the United States. Many expect more substantive information on policies before casting their vote.Because they spend so much time on social media networks, people below the age of 30 have little concern over online privacy and national security and many oppose restrictions or bans on popular platforms, such as TikTok. Moreover, for the Democratic Party, heavily dependent on the youth vote, allowing continued access to the platform and being present on it means ensuring continued support among this age group.

 Elections 
Despite the hype surrounding the political engagement and record turnout among young voters, their overall voting power has actually declined. In round terms, the share of voters between the ages of 18 and 24 will fall from 13% in 2000 to 12% in 2020 while that of voters aged 65 and over will rise from 18% to 23% during the same period, according to Richard Fry of the Pew Research Center. A consistent trend in the U.K., the U.S., and many other countries is that older people are more likely to vote than their younger countrymen, and they tend to vote for more right-leaning (or conservative) candidates. According to Sean Simpsons of Ipsos, people are more likely to vote when they have more at stake, such as children to raise, homes to maintain, and income taxes to pay.  A survey conducted before the 2020 U.S. presidential election by Barnes and Nobles Education on 1,500 college students nationwide found that just one third of respondents believe who they vote for is "private information" and three quarters of them find it difficult to find unbiased news sources.For the first wave of Generation Z, 2018 was the first midterm election in their adult lives, where they cast 4% of the votes. A Reuters-Ipsos survey of 16,000 registered voters aged 18 to 34 conducted in the first three months of 2018 showed that support for Democratic Party among such voters fell by nine percent between 2016 and 2018 and that an increasing number favored the Republican Party's approach to the economy. This is despite the fact that almost two-thirds of young voters disapproved of the performance of Republican President Donald J. Trump. Although American voters below the age of 30 helped Joe Biden win the 2020 U.S. Presidential election, their support for him fell quickly afterwards. By late 2021, only 29% of adults in this age group approved of his performance as President whereas 50% disapproved, a gap of 21 points, the largest of all age groups. In the 2022 midterm election, voters below the age of 30 were the only major age group supporting the Democratic Party, and their numbers were large enough to prevent a 'red wave'.

 Trust in the institutions 
In 2019, the Pew Research Center interviewed over 2,000 Americans aged 18 and over on their views of various components of the federal government. They found that 54% of the people between the ages of 18 and 29 wanted larger government compared to 43% who preferred smaller government and fewer services. Older people were more likely to pick the second option. 2018 polls conducted by the Pew Research Center found that 70% of Americans aged 13 to 17 wanted the government to play a more active role in solving their problems.A 2022 poll by Pew showed that overall, medical experts, the military, and scientists were among the most trusted groups in the United States. But while a majority of Americans believed it was important for their country to remain a global leader in science, people aged 18 to 29 were somewhat less inclined to think so compared to older cohorts and were slightly more optimistic about the standing of U.S. science on the international stage.

 Gun ownership 
The March for Our Lives, a protest taking place in the aftermath of the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in 2018 was described by various media outlets as being led by students and young people. Some even describe it as the political "awakening" of Generation Z or that these protesters were "the voice of a generation on gun control." While this massive protest was indeed organized by the survivors of the Parkland shooting, albeit with the assistance of well-resourced and older benefactors, the reality was a little more complicated. According to a field survey by The Washington Post interviewing every fifth person at the protest, only ten percent of the participants were 18 years of age or younger. Meanwhile, the adult participants of the protest had an average age of just under 49. Polls conducted by Gallup and the Pew Research Center found that support for stricter gun laws among people aged 18 to 29 and 18 to 36, respectively, is statistically no different from that of the general population. According to Gallup, 57% of Americans are in favor of stronger gun control legislation. In a 2017 poll, Pew found that among the age group 18 to 29, 27% personally owned a gun and 16% lived with a gun owner, for a total of 43% living in a household with at least one gun. Nationwide, a similar percentage of American adults lived in a household with a gun. (See chart.) According to the CDC, the leading causes of death in the United States in 2016 were cancer, heart disease, accidents, chronic lower respiratory diseases, stroke, Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, influenza and pneumonia, kidney diseases, and suicide.

 Economics and the environment 

Harvard University's Institute of Politics Youth Poll from 2019 found that support for single-payer universal healthcare and tuition-free free college dropped, down 8% to 47% and down 5% to 51%, respectively, if cost estimates were provided.
2018 surveys of teenagers 13 to 17 by the Pew Research Center revealed that 54% of Generation Z believed that climate change is real and is due to human activities while only 10% reject the scientific consensus on climate change.According to a 2019 CBS News poll on 2,143 U.S. residents, 72% of Americans 18 to 44 years of age believed that it is a matter of personal responsibility to tackle climate change while 61% of older Americans did the same. In addition, 42% of American adults under 45 years old thought that the U.S. could realistically transition to 100% renewable energy by 2050 while 29% deemed it unrealistic and 29% were unsure. Those numbers for older Americans are 34%, 40%, and 25%, respectively. Differences in opinion might be due to education as younger Americans are more likely to have been taught about climate change in schools than their elders. As of 2019, only 17% of electricity in the U.S. is generated from renewable energy, of which, 7% is from hydroelectric dams, 6% from wind turbines, and 1% solar panels. There are no rivers for new dams. Meanwhile, nuclear power plants generate about 20%, but their number is declining as they are being deactivated but not replaced.According to the Hispanic Heritage Foundation, about eight out of ten members of Generation Z identify as "fiscal conservatives." In 2018, the International Federation of Accountants released a report on a survey of 3,388 individuals aged 18 to 23 hailing from G20 countries, with a sample size of 150 to 300 per country. They found that members of Generation Z prefer a nationalist to a globalist approach to public policy by 51% to 32%, a margin of 19%.  In the United States, 52% of Generation Z wanted their government to focus more on national problems, a 24% margin. Internationally, nationalism was strongest in China (by a 44% margin), India (30%), South Africa (37%), and Russia (32%), while support for globalism was strongest in France (20% margin) and Germany (3%). In general, for members of Generation Z, the top three priorities for public policy are the stability of the national economy, the quality of education, and the availability of jobs; the bottom issues, on the other hand, were addressing income and wealth inequality, making regulations smarter and more effective, and improving the effectiveness of international taxation. Moreover, healthcare is a top priority for Generation Z in Canada, France, Germany, and the United States.A 2018 Gallup poll found that people aged 18 to 29 have a more favorable view of socialism than capitalism, 51% to 45%. Nationally, 56% of Americans prefer capitalism compared to 37% who favor socialism. Older Americans consistently prefer capitalism to socialism. Whether the current attitudes of Millennials and Generation Z on capitalism and socialism will persist or dissipate as they grow older remains to be seen.

 Abortion, sexuality, and family values 
In 2016, the Varkey Foundation and Populus conducted an international study examining the attitudes of 20,000 people aged 15 to 21 in twenty countries. They found that 66% of people aged 15 to 21 favored legal abortion. But there was significant variation among the countries surveyed. The United States stood at 63%, below France (84%), the United Kingdom (80%) but ahead of Brazil (45%), and Nigeria (24%). Gallup polls conducted in 2019 revealed that 62% of people aged 18 to 29—older members of Generation Z and younger Millennials—support giving women access to abortion while 33% opposed. In general, the older someone was, the less likely that they supported abortion. 56% of people aged 65 or over did not approve of abortion compared to 37% who did. (See chart to the right.) Gallup found in 2018 that nationwide, Americans are split on the issue of abortion, with equal numbers of people considering themselves "pro-life" or "pro-choice", 48%. In any case, many participants in the annual March for Life in Washington, D.C. in the early 2020s are members of Generation Z.The same international survey also asked about people's viewpoints on moral questions regarding sex and gender. Overall 89% supported sexual equality, with the U.S. (90%) standing between Canada and China (both 94%) and Nigeria (68%). 74% favored recognizing transgender rights, but with large national differences, from an overwhelming majority of 83% in Canada to a bare majority of 57% in Nigeria. The U.S. was again somewhere in the middle at 75%. 63% approved of same-sex marriage. There were again huge variations among countries. 81% of young Germans and 80% of young Canadians agreed that same-sex couples should be allowed to marry, compared to only 33% of young Turks and 16% of young Nigerians who did. As before, 71% of Americans approved, putting the country somewhere in the middle.

A 2018 poll conducted by Harris on behalf of the LGBT advocacy group GLAAD found that despite being frequently described as the most tolerant segment of society, people aged 18 to 34—most Millennials and the oldest members of Generation Z—have become less accepting of LGBT individuals compared to previous years. In 2016, 63% of Americans in that age group said they felt comfortable interacting with members of the LGBT community; that number dropped to 53% in 2017 and then to 45% in 2018. On top of that, more people reported discomfort learning that a family member was LGBT (from 29% in 2017 to 36% in 2018), having a child learning LGBT history (30% to 39%), or having an LGBT doctor (27% to 34%). (See right.) Harris found that young women were driving this development; their overall comfort levels dived from 64% in 2017 to 52% in 2018. In general, the fall of comfort levels was the steepest among people aged 18 to 34 between 2016 and 2018. (Seniors aged 72 or above became more tolerant of LGBT doctors or having their (grand) children taking LGBT history lessons during the same period, albeit with a bump in discomfort levels in 2017.) Results from this Harris poll were released on the 50th anniversary of the riots that broke out in Stonewall Inn, New York City, in June 1969, thought to be the start of the LGBT rights movement. At that time, homosexuality was considered a mental illness or a crime in many U.S. states.2018 surveys of teenagers 13 to 17 and adults aged 18 or over conducted by the Pew Research Center found that Generation Z has broadly similar views to the Millennials on various political and social issues.  67% were indifferent towards pre-nuptial cohabitation. 49% considered single motherhood to be neither a positive nor a negative for society. 62% saw increased ethnic or racial diversity as good for society. As did 48% for same-sex marriage, and 53% for interracial marriage. In most cases, Generation Z and the Millennials tended to hold different views from the Silent Generation, while the Baby Boomers and Generation X were in between. In the case of financial responsibility in a two-parent household, though, majorities from across the generations answered that it should be shared, with 58% for the Silent Generation, 73% for the Baby Boomers, 78% for Generation X, and 79% for both the Millennials and Generation Z. Across all the generations surveyed, at least 84% thought that both parents ought to be responsible for rearing children. About 13% of Generation Z thought that mothers should be the primary caretaker of children, with similar percentages for the other demographic cohorts. Very few thought that fathers should be the ones mainly responsible for taking care of children. Pew, however, noted that the views of this demographic cohort could change in the future as they age and due to new events. Even so, they could play a significant role in the shaping of the political landscape.A 2023 poll by The Wall Street Journal and NORC at the University of Chicago found that about 23% of people adults below the age of 30 thought that having children was important, 9 percentage points below those aged 65 and above.

 Immigration 
In a 2016 survey conducted by the Varkey Foundation and Populus, the question of whether or not those 15 to 21 favored legal migration received mixed responses. Overall, 31% believed their governments should make it easier for immigrants to work and live legally in their countries while 23% said it should be more difficult, a margin of 8%. In the United States, that margin of support was 16%. (See chart above.) According to Gallup, Americans aged 18 to 34 are more likely to view immigration as a "good thing" than their elders.

 Foreign policy 
In 2019, Harvard University's Institute of Politics Youth Poll asked voters aged 18 to 29 – younger Millennials and the first wave of Generation Z – what they would like to be priorities for U.S. foreign policy. They found that the top issues for these voters were countering terrorism and protecting human rights (both 39%), and protecting the environment (34%). Preventing nuclear proliferation and defending U.S. allies were not as important to young American voters. The same poll also found that younger Americans are also more positive about international free trade agreements than their elders. Another poll conducted at around the same time by the Center for American Progress found that only 18% of Americans supported liberal internationalism, which has been part of U.S. foreign policy since the time of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, while young Americans were even less likely to support it, contributing to a return towards isolationism, a historical norm dating back to the Founding Fathers.A 2023 poll by The Economist and YouGov showed that while people of all ages were generally quite hostile towards Russia, Americans aged 18 to 44 were markedly less likely to view China as an enemy. This might be because of lingering Cold War sentiments from older people. This is broadly consistent with another poll in the same year by the Pew Research Center.

 Religious tendencies 

Globally, religion is growing except in Western Europe and North America. In the United States, Christianity remains the single most popular religion, with three quarters of Americans following, as of 2017. However, the nation's non-believers continued to grow in numbers in the early 2020s, a trend driven by people between the ages of 18 and 29, 32% of whom said they did not believe in God. Members of Generation Z are more likely to start questioning their parents' religions before the age of 18 than previous generations and those who leave tend to not return. Moreover, a majority of Generation Z disagrees that it is necessary to raise children in a religious household. According to a poll jointly conducted by The Wall Street Journal and the National Opinion Research Center (NORC) at the University of Chicago in 2023, only 31% of people aged 18 to 29 consider religion to be important in their lives, compared to 55% of those aged 65 and over. Nevertheless, American youths are fairly religious by global standards.In 2016, Barna found that 58% of teenagers agreed with the statement, "Many religions can lead to eternal life; there is no 'one true religion'." For adults, this number was 62%. About two-thirds of teenagers thought that "a person can be wrong about something that they sincerely believe in" whereas adults were much more likely to agree with that statement, especially the Baby Boomers (85%). 46% of adolescents require factual evidence before believing in something, on par with Millennials. Generation Z was more likely to consider the Bible to be at odds with science than older cohorts except Millennials (See chart). The same Barna survey revealed that the percentage of atheists and agnostics was 21% among Generation Z, higher than 15% of Millennials, 13% of Generation X, and 9% of Baby Boomers.Meanwhile, 59% of Generation Z were Christians, compared to 65% of Millennials, 65% of Generation X, and 75% of Baby Boomers. Among churchgoing teenagers, perception of this establishment tended to be overwhelmingly positive. 82% believed the church was relevant and helped them live a meaningful life. 77% thought they could be themselves at church, and 63% deemed the church to be tolerant of different beliefs. Only 27% considered the church to be unsafe for expressing doubts. 24% argued that religion and religious thought were shallow, and 17% thought it was too exclusive. When asked what their biggest barriers to faith were, irreligious members of Generation Z what they perceived as internal contradictions of the religion and its believers.According to the Pew Research Center, majorities of school-attending teenagers wear religious symbols and attire, pray before lunch, and invite their peers to join a religious club. Girls are more likely to discuss religion with their friends than boys. An overwhelming majority understood that teachers are not allowed to lead classroom prayers (82%). In contrast, 62% answered incorrectly that teachers may not read from the Bible as literature. While bullying has been acknowledged to be a serious problem in American public schools, students are seldom harassed for their religious views.

 Risky behaviors 

 General trends 
Generation Z is generally more risk-averse in than previous generations. In 2013, 66% of teenagers (older members of Generation Z) had tried alcohol, down from 82% in 1991. Also, in 2013, 8% of teenagers never or rarely wear a seat belt when riding in a car with someone else, as opposed to 26% in 1991.Research from the Annie E. Casey Foundation conducted in 2016 found Generation Z youth had lower teen pregnancy rates, less substance abuse, and higher on-time high school graduation rates compared with Millennials. The researchers compared teens from 2008 and 2014 and found a 40% drop in teen pregnancy, a 38% drop in drug and alcohol abuse, and a 28% drop in the percentage of teens who did not graduate on time from high school. Three-quarters of American twelfth-graders believed their peers disapproved of binge drinking. Indeed, members of Generation Z tend to be more worried about mental health issues and getting good grades than unplanned pregnancies or binge drinking.

 Cigarette-smoking and substance abuse 
The number of American teenagers who smoked cigarettes dropped to 5.8% in 2019 from 15.8% in 2011. Indeed, this decline can be traced back to the 1990s, and has been induced by government regulations and public opinion. For comparison, that rate for adults is 14% and falling. On the other hand, electronic cigarette smoking has risen dramatically, from 1.5% in 2011 to 27.5% in 2019 (see chart), leading the federal government to consider e-cigarette smoking an epidemic. Although e-cigarettes contain nicotine, an ingredient that makes tobacco addictive, it is generally considered less harmful than its carcinogenic traditional version, which is also linked to stroke and heart disease, among other deadly conditions. According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), nicotine consumption has deleterious effects on the development of the brain and can affect learning, memory, and mood among young people. As of 2019, there is no evidence linking the availability of electronic cigarettes to a decline in traditional smoking among youths. However, in an anti-vaping ad, the Food and Drugs Administration stated, "Teens who vape are more likely to start smoking cigarettes." Public opinion has turned against electronic cigarettes and various state and local governments are seeking to restrict is use, especially as kid-friendly flavors are on sale.Bloomberg reported in 2019 that members of Generation Z were twice as likely as an average American to consume cannabis. About 1% of the number of legal marijuana consumers came this demographic cohort, and that number tripled in 2019. Generation Z is the first to be born into a time when the legalization of marijuana at the federal level is being seriously considered. As of 2019, cannabis is legal in 33 U.S. states as well as in Canada and Uruguay. Even though Generation Z may not think of cannabis as anything more than a controversial issue, there is mounting concern on its effects on human health. A survey of literature reveals that marijuana usage is linked to, among other things, impaired driving, higher risks of stroke testicular cancer, memory loss, and certain mental illnesses, such as psychosis. Pregnant women, teenagers, and people prone to mental illnesses are especially vulnerable. Compared to those who do not use cannabis or those who start after they reach 16 years, people who start before that age suffer from reduced cognitive functioning (including planning and decision-making skills), and higher levels of impulsivity. About one in ten marijuana users developed a substance use disorder, meaning they continue to use it even though it causes problems in their lives, and those who use it before the age of 18 are more likely to suffer from it. Marijuana use in the United States is three times above the global average, but in line with other Western democracies. Forty-four percent of American high-school seniors have tried the drug at least once, and the typical age of first-use is 16, similar to the typical age of first-use for alcohol but lower than the first-use age for other illicit drugs.In a 2019 study, Jean Twenge and her collaborators examined surveys from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health of 200,000 adolescents aged 13 to 17 from 2005 to 2017 and 400,000 adults aged 18 and over from 2008 to 2017. They found that while there was a marked increase in the number of teenagers and young adults reporting mental illness, there was no corresponding development among those of 26 years and up.

 Early sexual intercourse and adolescent pregnancy 

Historically, the birth rate of teenagers peaked in the late 1950s and early 1960s. However, at that time, most teenage parents were married. In the early twenty-first century, nine in ten births to the age group 15-19 are to unmarried mothers.Social norms have changed; it is now not unusual for teenagers to delay or avoid sexual intercourse altogether. Younger teenagers are more likely to practice abstinence than their older counterparts. A report published by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in early 2018 found the number of high school students who have had sex fell from 47% in 2005 down to 41% in 2015, with the most dramatic drop taking place between 2013 and 2015. On top of that, among never-married teens who have had sex, overwhelming majorities reported they used contraception the first time they did it. There are a few reasons for this. First, Millennials and Generation Z are more focused on the consequences of sex than their predecessors were. Second, there has been growing concern over unwanted sexual advances, especially in the wake of the Me-too movement. Numerous individuals have lost their jobs or been expelled from school over allegations of sexual assault. Writing for The Spectator, Douglas Murray dubbed this the "sexual counter-revolution." Third, as a consequence of the precarious contemporary economy, young adults today are more likely to be living with their parents rather than on their own, with a romantic partner, or a spouse.A 2016 analysis by the CDC discovered that teenage birthrates nosedived between 1991, when they reached a crisis point, and 2014, when they dropped by 60%, a record low. The collapse of birthrates among blacks and (non-white) Hispanics, down 50%, was largely responsible for this development. However, their birthrates remained, on average, twice as high as those of their white counterparts. The birth rates of teenage Asians and Pacific Islanders were even lower, about half that of whites. In a 2014 paper, economists Melissa S. Kearney and Phillip B. Levine, both fellows of the Brookings Institution, were able to show that popular TV programs depicting the reality of teenage parenthood, such as MTV's 16 and Pregnant and its Teen Mom sequels, have played a significant role in the reduction of teenage childbearing. While the CDC did not address the question of abortion, researchers from the Guttmacher Institute were able to show that the fall in teenage birthrates is likely not due to terminated pregnancies. The number of abortions remained the same or decreased in all U.S. states except for Vermont. This contradicts the historically negative correlation between birthrates and abortions. Modern youths also have better access to contraception than did their predecessors when they were at the same age. In addition to the daily birth control pill, injectable and implantable methods are available, and they last longer. A CDC analysis found that the rates of teens using a long-acting and reversible method of contraception, such as an intrauterine device (IUD), jumped from 0.4% in 2005 to 7.1% in 2013. The teen birthrate continues to fall in the late 2010s, down to 17.4 births per 1000 in 2018. In 2022, it fell to 13.5, the lowest on record.

 Social trends 

 Upbringing 

In the United States, the Pew Research Center's analysis of data from the American Community Survey and the Decennial Census revealed that the number of children living outside of the traditional ideal of parents marrying young and staying together till death has risen precipitously between the mid-to-late 20th century and the early 21st century. In 2013, only 43% of children lived with married parents in their first marriage, down from 61% in 1980 and 73% in 1960. Meanwhile, the share of children living with a single parent was 34% in 2013, up from 19% in 1980 and 9% in 1960. The proportion of children not living with their parents barely changed, standing at 5% in 2013; most of them lived with their grandparents. 15% of American children lived with married parents at least one of whom remarried in 2013, with little change from previous decades.In the early twenty-first century, American parents are less keen on seeing children upholding the same religious or political beliefs or following the same traditions. They are also less likely to say they would like their children to get married and have children. Rather, they emphasize ethical behavior, tolerance, generosity, and financial independence.Parents from wealthier backgrounds are less likely to have children out of wedlock and more likely to stay married, with desirable outcomes for their children, including better social and cognitive development and educational attainment. By contrast, children born into the middle class or the lower class are less likely to have married parents than before. They also tend to have younger parents who did not intend to have them and more siblings. Upper middle-class and wealthy American couples living in the cities tend to have fewer children and to invest heavily in their children in the form of breastfeeding for at least a year, giving them premium healthcare plans, sending them to private schools, and letting them eat organic foods. Said parents also hire nannies and housekeepers to reduce the time they spend doing house chores so that they can more time on culturally and educationally enriching activities with their children. In fact, the amount of time parents spend with their children has gone up since the mid-1960s, especially among educated couples, even though mothers of the 2010s are more likely to participate in the work force than in the 1960s. These separate trends lead children onto divergent future prospects. Having the right family background facilities the development of human capital. An early start to the accumulation of cultural capital helps children stand out from the competition as they mature, making them more likely to be admitted to prestigious universities.  Historian Tara Westover calls this the "great sorting of America's youth."

 Time-spending habits and leisure 
By analyzing data collected by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Pew Research Center found that Americans who were aged 15–17 in the years 2014–17 spent on average 16 more minutes doing homework and 22 more minutes asleep each day, compared to their predecessors one decade prior. However, other surveys suggest teens getting few hours of sleep each day. At the same time, they spent an average of 23 minutes less on paid jobs, and 16 minutes less on socializing each day, compared to their counterparts ten years ago. Meanwhile, the amount of time spent on sports, clothes shopping, and reading for pleasure have not changed. In general, Generation Z is less likely to engage in "fringe" behavior.
As is the case with previous generations, there were differences in how teenage boys and girls spent their free time. Boys generally spent more time on leisure activities, such as playing sports and on their electronic devices. Girls, on the other hand, spent more time on homework, housework, and activities related to appearance. Girls also spent more time on volunteering and on unpaid care work than boys. 35% of girls and 23% of boys said they felt pressured to look good.Members of Generation Z tend to be lonelier than ever before. Despite the technological proficiency they possess, a clear majority, 72%, generally prefers person-to-person contact as opposed to online interaction.In the early 2020s, chess became a popular pastime, even an obsession, for many schoolchildren in the United States, thanks to the influence of the Netflix miniseries The Queens Gambit (2020) and many online personalities, such as International Master Levy Rozman (Gotham Chess).

 Fashions of courtship 
Even though smartphone applications such as Tinder allow for easy hook-ups and one-night stands, Millennials and Generation Z are quite serious and cautious when it comes to long-term romantic relationships, according to Justin Garcia, who studies sex at the Kinsey Institute of Indiana University. This is in contrast to generations past, who married earlier and after shorter periods of courtship.Data from the 2019 General Social Survey revealed that 51% of Americans aged 18 to 24 had no steady partner, higher than other cohorts. Moreover, this number has grown in recent years.

 Sexual orientation and gender identity 
In February 2021, Gallup reported that 15.9% of American adults in Generation Z (those born between 1997 and 2002) identified as LGBT. Of those adults, 11.5% were bisexual while 2% said they were lesbian, gay, or transgender. Overall, a greater share American adults in Generation Z identifies as LGBT than those in previous generational cohorts.

 Use of information and communications technologies (ICT) 

 Use of ICT in general 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
Following the commercialization of the Internet in the 1990s, members of Generation Z have acquired a "digital bond to the Internet" since birth. With modern electronic telecommunications technology becoming more compact and affordable, the popularity of smartphones in the United States has grown exponentially. According to the Pew Research Center, by the 2010s, a majority of American teenagers have at least a basic phone if not a smartphone. The fact that an increasing majority own a cell phone has become one of the defining traits of this generation. About one quarter of teens are almost constantly online and 80% feel distressed if separated from their electronic gadgets. Generation Z spends on average six hours each day on the Internet, much of it playing video games. That much of Generation Z is growing up with constant access to Internet-enabled devices has undermined parental authority and control, prompting concerns over the sort of information children are exposed to while surfing the World Wide Web.

 Digital literacy 
Despite being labeled as 'digital natives', the 2018 International Computer and Information Literacy Study (ICILS), conducted on 42,000 eighth-graders (or equivalents) from 14 countries and educational systems, found that only two percent of these people were sufficiently proficient with information devices to justify that description, and only 19% could work independently with computers to gather information and to manage their work. ICILS assesses students on two main categories: Computer and Information Literacy (CIL), and Computational Thinking (CT). For CIL, there are four levels, one to four, with Level 4 being the highest. Although at least 80% students from most countries tested reached Level 1, only two percent on average reached Level 4. In the U.S., 90% reached Level 1, 66% Level 2, 25% Level 3, and 2% Level 4. CT is divided into four levels, the Upper, Middle, and Lower Regions. International averages for these were 18%, 50%, and 32%, respectively. U.S. results were 20%, 45%, and 35%, respectively. In general, female eighth-graders outperformed their male counterparts in CIL by an international average of 18 points but were narrowly outclassed by their male counterparts in CT. (Narrow gaps made estimates of averages have higher coefficients of variation.)  In the United States, where the computer-based tests were administered by the National Center for Education Statistics, although eighth-graders scored above the international average on CIL, being behind only students from Denmark, Moscow, South Korea, and Finland, they were about average on CT. Among American eighth-graders, 72% said they searched for information on the Internet at least once a week or every school day, and 65% reported they were autodidactic information finders on the Internet.As such, the role of Generation Z in the future "digital economy" remains uncertain as they still lack the skills they need to join the workforce. At least initially, they struggle with familiar office items, such as a printer or a scanner.

 Use of social media networks 
Adults aged 18 to 24 of the late 2010s stood out in their usage of social media, with an overwhelming majority being on at least one platform. YouTube was the most popular of all social media sites. Members of Generation Z are more likely to "follow" others on social media than "share" and use different types of social media for different purposes. Very few expressed concern about third parties being able to access their data as modern teenagers share more personal information more often compared to previous generations. Majorities have uploaded photographs of themselves, stated their hobbies or interests, given their school names, posted their locations, and revealed their relationship statuses. On the other hand, only a minority of Generation Z engaged in political conversations on social media networks.
While teens may dislike certain aspects of Facebook, such as excessive sharing, they continue to use it because participation is important in terms of socializing with friends and peers. On the other hand, Twitter is quickly gaining in popularity. Teens typically keep their Facebook accounts private and make their Twitter accounts public. This is partly because of the increasing number of adults on the former. Speed and reliability are important factors in members of Generation Z choice of social networking platform. This need for quick communication is apparent in the popularity of apps like Vine or Snapchat and the prevalent use of emojis. By the early 2020s, TikTok has become one of the most popular social networks among teenagers and young adults, so much so that they are willing to ignore their own government' concerns over issues of user privacy and national security, as well as a possible nationwide ban.A significant number of people from Generation Z have made their debut in social media before their exit from the womb, as they are the subject of their parents' social media posts. As they grow older, they do have opinions about pictures for videos of them being posted online. It is a tug-of-war between a child's privacy and a parent's pride or desire to share. While some parents do ask for their children's permission before posting, at least some of the time, others simply disregard what their children think. A 2010 report by cybersecurity firm AVG stated that 92% of American children under the age of two had a digital footprint and one in three had their information and photographs posted online within weeks after they were born. One of the reasons why children want greater control over their image online is because a college admissions officer or a prospective recruiter might look them up on the Internet. Indeed, a clear majority of employers check social media accounts during the hiring process and factor what they see into their recruitment decision. As a result, members of Generation Z are careful to make themselves presentable to potential employers with their social media accounts. Not only do they take advantage of the various tools that allow them to control who sees what and are more cautious about what they post, they also try to cultivate a "personal brand" online. According to the Pew Research Center, 57% refrain from posting something if they think it might "reflect badly on them in the future." It is quite common for young people to have an alternate Instagram account, so much so that there is a name for it, "finstas," or "fake Instagram accounts."There are growing concerns and evidence on the negative impact of social media networks on mental health. By nature, these platforms encourage social comparison and competition, even if shared photographs might have been digitally manipulated. Teenagers and young adults tend to have worse body-image issues the more time they spend on social media, a trend most pronounced among girls. Teenagers who spend so much time on these websites have correspondingly less time for in-person interactions with friends and family and schoolwork, and they are more likely to be exposed to misinformation and inappropriate contents. In fact, pornography is reaching an increasingly large youth audience on social media. As online social networks expanded, the amount of toxic contents generated mostly by young people also grew. Moreover, social media networks can be addictive, stimulating the brain the in the same manner as gambling and substance abuse do. Nevertheless, the ability to control impulsive desires of social media users was less impaired than that of gamblers or drug addicts. Hence, an obvious solution to this problem is to reduce screen time. Instagram users were the most likely to report unhappiness than those of any other social media platforms while FaceTime had the highest rate of happiness. Sean Parker, the founding president of Facebook, admitted that his company was "exploiting a vulnerability in human psychology."  In response, legislation has been proposed or enacted at various levels of the U.S. government and some school boards to tackle the issue.

 Online dating and romance 
While technology has added new ways for people to communicate with a romantic interest or partner, some traditions survived. Only 6% of boys waited to be asked out compared to 47% of girls. 69% of boys asked a girl out in person, compared to 45% of girls, and 27% of boys did by text messaging, compared to 25% of girls. Social media networks proved useful in helping teenage lovers strengthen their ties; this was especially true for boys. On the other hand, although boys and girls liked to use the same means of communications, texting was by far the most popular method. Girls were much more likely than boys to text their lovers daily, 79% compared to 66%.A press release by the social media company Tinder showed that the age group 18 to 24 became the majority of users on their platform in 2019. In the U.S. the company boasted 7.86 million users in the United States that year. The most popular topics of discussion were in the fields of entertainment (especially music, film, and television) and politics (especially the key words "climate change," "social justice," "the environment," and "gun control"). For comparison, Millennials were thrice more likely to mention their travels in their autobiographical notes. According to Tinder, this was because users were trying to find like-minded users. Tinder also noted that surge in the number of matches in June might be due to the end of the school year.

 See also 

 Organizations 
Gen-Z for Change

 Related topics 
De Quervain syndrome and the thumb tribe

 Related generations in other countries 
Post-90s Generation and Little Emperor Syndrome (China)
Strawberry Generation (Taiwan)
9X Generation (Vietnam)

 Broader related issues 
List of generations
Generation gap
Cusper

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 
Combi, Chloe (2015). Generation Z: Their Voices, Their Lives. London: Hutchinson. OCLC 910606762.
Palfrey, John; Gasser, Urs (2008). Born Digital: Understanding the First Generation of Digital Natives. Basic Books.
McCrindle, Mark; Wolfinger, Emily (2014). The ABC of XYZ: Understanding the Global Generations. McCrindle Research.

 External links 
The Downside of Diversity. Michael Jonas. The New York Times. August 5, 2007.
Meet Generation Z: Forget Everything You Learned About Millennials – 2014 presentation by Sparks and Honey
The Next America: Modern Family. Pew Research Center. April 30, 2014. (Video, 2:16)
Gen-Z Matters More than Millennials: Goldman Sachs' Christopher Wolf. March 4, 2016. (Video, 3:21)
The Power of Play: A Pediatric Role in Enhancing Development in Young Children. September 2018. Michael Yogman, Andrew Garner, Jeffrey Hutchinson, Kathy Hirsh-Pasek, Roberta Michnick Golinkoff. Committee on Psychosocial Aspects of Children and Family Health, Council on Communications and Media, American Academy of Pediatrics.
Religion in Public Schools. Ira C. Lupu, F. Elwood and Eleanor Davis  Professor Emeritus of Law at George Washington University Law School; David Masci, Senior Writer/Editor at Pew Research Center; and Robert W. Tuttle, David R. and Sherry Kirschner Berz Research Professor of Law & Religion at George Washington University Law School. Pew Research Center. October 3, 2019.
We asked teenagers what adults are missing about technology. This was the best response. Taylor Fang. MIT Technology Review. December 21, 2019.
Gen Y vs Z. Zeihan on Geopolitics. December 29, 2021.
Why modern America creates fragile children. Jonathan Haidt, April 5, 2023.

List of storms named Noru
The name Noru has been used to name four tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by South Korea and means a roe deer.

Tropical Storm Noru (2004) (T0429, 32W) – remained out to sea.
Tropical Storm Noru (2011) (T1113, 16W) – churned out of the ocean and merged with the extratropical remnants of Talas.
Typhoon Noru (2017) (T1705, 07W) – impacted Japan and is tied as the second longest-lasting northwest Pacific tropical cyclone on record.
Typhoon Noru (2022) (T2216, 18W, Karding) – a rapidly intensifying Category 5-equivalent typhoon that caused destructive impacts in the Philippines and Vietnam.After the 2022 storm, the name Noru was retired and will never be used again as a typhoon name. Replacement names will be announced in 2024.

 References 

Caucasus Campaign (1735)
The Caucasus Campaign of 1734–1735 was the last great campaign of the Ottoman–Persian War (1730–35) which ended in a Persian victory allowing Nader to recast Persian hegemony over almost the entire Caucasus, region, reconquering it for the Safavid state.

 Strategic Context 

The Caucasus had fallen under Ottoman control since 1722 with the collapse of the Safavid state. The first target of the campaign was the reconquering of the Shirvan Khanate, with its capital Shamakhi falling in August 1734 freeing up the Persian forces to march west and lay siege to Ganja. The battlements of Ganja as well as its garrison of 14,000 soldiers provided a formidable defence. After Tahmasp Khan Jalayer engaged and routed a joint Ottoman and Crimean Tatar force in the south east Caucasus Nader cut their line of retreat further west dealing them another crippling blow, scattering them into the mountains north.
The mountains to the north in Avarestan made any pursuit of the defeated foe a daunting prospect especially considering the approach of winter, so Nader chose to turn west and besiege Ganja where he was drawn into an intense effort to capture the surprisingly formidable fortress. The Persian artillery was still severely lacking in strong siege guns and consisted mostly of field batteries which were effective in battles but unable to make significant impact against city walls and battlements.
Failing in their siege artillery capacity the Persian sent sappers to dig underground to reach the citadels walls from beneath but the Turks received timely intelligence reports revealing the intention of the besiegers. Tunnelling underground the Persians and Ottomans burrowed into each other's way whence they came to grips in hand-to-hand combat. The Persians were able to detonate six charges killing 700 Ottoman defenders but still failed in their main object of destroying the citadels walls. The Persians also lost some 30 to 40 men themselves.
Nader also blockaded Yerevan and Tiflis forcing a response from the Ottoman 'Saraskar' Koprulu Pasha. Istanbul had found the preliminary negotiations by Ahmad Pasha, governor of Ottoman Baghdad unsatisfactory and sent an enormous army consisting of 50,000 cavalry, 30,000 janissaries and 40 cannon to be commanded by Koprulu Pasha foe the defence of Ottoman possessions in the region.

 The Battle of Yeghevārd 

Nader having besieged many of the key cities and fortresses in the area awaited the arrival of Koprulu Pasha's main army of some 130,000 men according to Nader's court historian Mirza Mehdi Astarabadi, prompting Nader to gather his advance guard of around 15,000 men and march them westwards to engage the relief army under Koprulu Pasha. By the time the main Persian army of 40,000 reached the scene of the battle Nader, despite the enormous disparity in numbers, routed the Ottomans, forcing Istanbul to finally sign a peace recognizing Persian control of the Caucasus and the border in Mesopotamia already agreed to in the treaty of Zuhab.
The crushing defeat at Baghavard also provided sufficient persuasion to retreat for the 50,000 Crimean Tatars who were commanded by the Turkish Sultan to march south along the coast of the Black Sea () descending down into the Caucasus in order to aid Koprulu Pasha's forces.

 See also 
Siege of Ganja
Battle of Baghavard
Nader Shah
Ottoman-Persian Wars

 References 

 Sources 
Moghtader, Gholam-Hussein(2008). The Great Batlles of Nader Shah, Donyaye Ketab
Axworthy, Michael (2009). The Sword of Persia: Nader Shah, from tribal warrior to conquering tyrant, I. B. Tauris
Ghafouri, Ali(2008). History of Iran's wars: from the Medes to now, Etela'at Publishing

Giclée
Giclée ( zhee-KLAY) is a neologism, ultimately derived from the French word gicleur, coined in 1991 by printmaker Jack Duganne for fine art digital prints made using inkjet printers. The name was originally applied to fine art prints created on a modified Iris printer in a process invented in the late 1980s. It has since been used widely to mean any fine-art printing, usually archival, printed by inkjet. It is often used by artists, galleries, and print shops for their high quality printing, but is also used generically for art printing of any quality.

 Origins 
The word giclée was adopted by Jack Duganne around 1990. He was a printmaker working at Nash Editions. He wanted a name for the new type of prints they were producing on a modified Iris printer, a large-format, high-resolution industrial prepress proofing inkjet printer on which the paper receiving the ink is attached to a rotating drum. The printer was adapted for fine-art printing. Duganne wanted a word that would differentiate such prints from regular commercial Iris prints then used as proofs in the commercial printing industry. 

 Etymology 
Giclée is based on the French word gicleur, the French technical term for a jet or a nozzle, and the associated verb gicler (to squirt out). Une giclée (noun) means a spurt of some liquid. The French verb form gicler means to spray, spout, or squirt. Duganne settled on the noun giclée.

 Current usage 
In addition to its original association with Iris prints, the word giclée has come to be loosely associated with other types of inkjet printing including processes that use dyes or fade-resistant, archival inks (pigment-based), and archival substrates primarily produced on Canon, Epson, HP and other large-format printers. These printers use the CMYK  (Cyan, Magenta, Yellow and Black) color process as a base with additional color cartridges for smoother gradient transitions (such as light magenta, light cyan, light and very light gray), up to 12 different inks in top model printers (orange, green, violet (Epson); red, green, blue (HP); 11+ Chroma Optimizer [a clearcoat] (Canon)) to achieve larger color gamut. A wide variety of substrates on which an image can be printed with such inks are available, including various textures and finishes such as matte photo paper, watercolor paper, cotton canvas, pre-coated canvas, or textured vinyl.

 Applications 
Artists generally use inkjet printing to make reproductions of their original two-dimensional artwork, photographs, or computer-generated art. Professionally produced inkjet prints are much more expensive on a per-print basis than the four-color offset lithography process traditionally used for such reproductions. A large-format inkjet print can cost more than ten times that of a four-color offset litho print of the same image in a run of 1,000, not including scanning and color correction. Four-color offset lithographic presses have the disadvantage of the full job having to be set up and produced all at once in a mass edition. With inkjet printing the artist does not have to pay for the expensive printing plate setup or the marketing and storage needed for large four-color offset print runs. This allows the artist to follow a just-in-time business model in which inkjet printing can be an economical option, since art can be printed and sold individually in accordance with demand. Inkjet printing has the added advantage of allowing artists to take total control of the production of their images, including the final color correction and the substrates being used. As a result, numerous individual artists own and operate their own printers.

 See also 
Printmaking
Digital printing
Canvas print

 References 

 External links 
Offman, Craig. The New Remasters, Wired.com

Aria Resort and Casino
Aria Resort and Casino is a luxury resort and casino, and the primary property at the CityCenter complex, located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. It is owned by The Blackstone Group and operated by MGM Resorts International.
Construction began on June 25, 2006, with a design by Pelli Clarke Pelli Architects. Aria received LEED Gold certification for its environmentally friendly design, and is the largest hotel in the world to achieve such a feat. It was also among the most technologically advanced hotels in the world at the time of its opening on December 16, 2009. It was developed as a joint venture between MGM and Dubai World, before being sold to Blackstone in 2021.
Aria's hotel includes two curvilinear glass towers, rising up to 50 stories. The hotel has 4,004 rooms and suites, and is a recipient of the AAA Five Diamond Award and a five-star rating from Forbes Travel Guide. The resort also includes the only casino at CityCenter, with 150,000 sq ft (14,000 m2) of gaming space. Other features include an 80,000 sq ft (7,400 m2) salon and spa, 500,000 sq ft (46,000 m2) of convention space, and numerous restaurants, as well as artwork and water attractions.
Aria also had CityCenter's only performance theater, until it closed in 2016 for a convention center expansion. The 1,840-seat theater originally hosted Viva Elvis, a show by Cirque du Soleil based on the music of Elvis Presley. It ran from 2010 to 2012, closing due to low ticket sales. Zarkana, a new show by Cirque du Soleil, opened two months later and ran until the theater's closure.

 History 
Aria is part of the CityCenter project, developed by MGM Mirage (later MGM Resorts International) and Dubai World.

Perini Building Company served as general contractor. Construction of CityCenter began on June 25, 2006, with a concrete pour for the project's main resort, unnamed at the time. The "Aria" name, unveiled in May 2008, was inspired by the resort's placement as the central feature of CityCenter, as arias are focal points in operas.Aria opened on December 16, 2009, at 11:41 p.m., following a two-minute fireworks show. It was the fourth component to open at CityCenter, and is the primary hotel property there.Aria opened during the Great Recession, which had a negative impact on the resort's revenue. Although it was built as a luxury resort, Aria had to adjust its strategy upon opening and appeal to a lower-income clientele amid the recession. The resort launched a national advertising campaign in 2010.Aria has been operated by MGM since its opening. In 2021, MGM bought out Dubai World's ownership stake in Aria and the nearby Vdara hotel, gaining full ownership of both. That year, MGM sold the two properties for $3.89 billion in cash to The Blackstone Group, which leased them back to MGM for an annual rent of $215 million.

 Design and technology 
Aria was designed by Pelli Clark Pelli Architects, which spent two months with MGM discussing the project's design. Aria was the firm's first casino design. Unlike other Las Vegas resorts, Aria does not feature a theme. According to César Pelli, "When you don't have a theme, the attraction of the building has to rest in the beauty of the architecture". The design incorporates natural materials such as foliage, glass, wood, and stone. Real and fake trees are located in numerous resort facilities, including some of the restaurants. Interior designer Peter Marino worked on several areas of the resort, including hotel suites and a high-limit gaming area.Technology was incorporated in the resort's exterior and interior design, specifically for the reduction of energy consumption. For its environmentally friendly design, Aria received LEED Gold certification, becoming the largest hotel in the world to achieve such a feat. Aria's casino is not included in the Gold certification because it allows cigarette smoking. However, the resort has an advanced air filtration system which eliminates smoke on the casino floor. In addition, blackjack tables had built-in air curtains to deal with smoke and protect dealers. The tables expel air which serves as a barrier between dealers and players.Upon opening, Aria was among the world's most technologically advanced resorts, with features such as touchscreens located throughout the property, including its convention center and restaurants. Rooms automatically adjust curtains, turn off unused lights and electronics, and regulate the temperature when a guest enters or leaves. In 2010, Aria was described by Popular Mechanics as possibly "the most technologically advanced hotel ever built".

 Features 
Aria has numerous features spread across 6,074,474 sq ft (564,337.1 m2).

 Gaming 
Aria includes the only casino at CityCenter. Its 150,000 sq ft (14,000 m2) of gaming space features slot machines, table games, and a race and sports book. The gaming machines are controlled and monitored by a 3,000 sq ft (280 m2) data center and are changed to play the most popular games based on real-time data collected about the performance of each machine. Exterior windows are present along the edges of the casino floor and skylights are part of the ceiling in the high-limit gaming area, differing from traditional casino design which historically omits natural light.Aria's poker room contains 24 tables. The Ivey Room, named after poker player Phil Ivey, opened in May 2010 as an exclusive one-table high-limit poker room. It gave high roller players direct access to the cashier's cage and 24-hour table-side dining, and would be the location for the highest stakes games at Aria. In February 2019, it was renamed Table 1.The Aria poker room also hosts events for the World Poker Tour (WPT). In July 2014, the inaugural WPT500 was held at Aria and attracted 3,599 entrants. It was held around the same time each year until 2019.
During season 16 (XVI) of the WPT, Aria would host two additional events: the inaugural WPT Bobby Baldwin Classic and the season-ending $25,000 buy-in WPT Tournament of Champions. In season 17 (XVII), the WPT ARIA Summer Championship replaced the WPT Bobby Baldwin Classic.In May 2018, Poker Central opened the PokerGO Studio at Aria. The 10,000 sq ft (930 m2) facility was built to host live poker events distributed on the poker streaming service PokerGO. Notable poker tournaments and cash games held at the PokerGO Studio include the Super High Roller Bowl, Poker Masters, U.S. Poker Open, Poker After Dark, and High Stakes Poker. The studio is open to the public on an event-by-event basis.

 Hotel 

Aria's hotel includes two curvilinear glass towers. The main tower is 50 stories, although the top floor is labeled "61". Because of bad-luck superstitions among gamblers, the tower skips the 13th floor (triskaidekaphobia) and floors 40 through 49 (tetraphobia). The second tower is 10 stories shorter than the main one.The hotel contains 4,004 rooms, including 568 suites. Based on room count, Aria is among the largest hotels in Las Vegas. Some of its suites are referred to as Sky Suites, ranging in size from 1,050 to 2,060 sq ft (98 to 191 m2). The hotel includes another room category known as Sky Villas, which range from 2,000 to 7,000 sq ft (190 to 650 m2). A renovation of the Sky Suites and Sky Villas was unveiled at the end of 2021.

 Restaurants 

Aria opened with more than a dozen restaurants, including Jean-Georges Steakhouse by chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten. It is one of only nine restaurants in the United States that serve genuine Kobe beef. Other restaurants at opening included American Fish by chef Michael Mina, and a Chinese restaurant known as Blossom. Aria also featured Lemongrass, the first Thai cuisine restaurant to be opened on the Strip. Julian Serrano Tapas is a tapas restaurant named after its chef, and Esquire included it among the "20 Best New Restaurants in 2010".
Another restaurant, Sage, featured chandeliers, floor-to-ceiling murals, and a seasonal menu. It was operated by chef Shawn McClain, who also opened Five50 Pizza Bar at the resort in 2013. It was named for its happy hour and the temperature at which its pizza is cooked. McClain departed Aria in 2020. Sage did not reopen, following COVID-19-related closures earlier that year, and Five50 was renamed Moneyline Pizza & Bar. In the former Sage space, Tao Group opened Cathédrale in 2023. The Mediterranean restaurant seats 266 people and was designed by Rockwell Group, with artwork by Vhils. It is the second Cathédrale location, after opening in New York City in 2019.

Masa Takayama oversaw two restaurants, including Bar Masa and Shabu. The latter, also known as Shaboo, operated within Bar Masa. Shaboo closed in 2012 and was replaced by a new restaurant-within-a-restaurant from Takayama. Known as Tetsu, it focused on the teppanyaki style of Japanese cooking. Bar Masa and Tetsu closed in 2018 and were replaced by Catch, a $7 million seafood restaurant opened later that year. Catch is known for drawing celebrities to its New York and Los Angeles locations.Union Restaurant & Lounge was replaced by a Mexican restaurant, Javier's, in 2012. The restaurant's design includes a canopy made of ropes that hangs over the bar area. Several new restaurants were added in 2015, including Carbone, which serves Italian-American food. Mina opened a French restaurant, Bardot Brasserie, replacing American Fish. Another new restaurant was Herringbone, which served seafood. It closed in 2020 and was replaced by Salt & Ivy Cafe. Din Tai Fung opened its largest U.S. restaurant at Aria in 2020.Upon its opening, Aria also included a buffet, which proved to be popular. It closed in 2012 for remodeling, before reopening two months later. The buffet had previously featured an abundance of tiling, prompting customer comparisons with a bathroom. Executive chef Shawn Smilie said, "We used to have these tiles everywhere, and people said it reminded them of a shower. That had to change". The remodel replaced most of the tiling with wood and also added brighter colors. The buffet closed in March 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The 24,000 sq ft (2,200 m2) space reopened in late 2022 as Proper Eats, a food hall with a dozen options, including a pizza restaurant by DJ Steve Aoki.The resort's food and alcohol are stored in off-site and on-site warehouses.

 Nightclubs 
Aria is popular among young adults, particularly for its nightlife. Haze, a 25,000 sq ft (2,300 m2) nightclub, opened with the resort. It was designed by Icrave and operated by The Light Group. Haze included DJs and a 100-foot projection screen. According to Aria president Bobby Baldwin, "Haze was a good nightclub. It wasn’t a great nightclub, and it got to the point where we needed to close it and create a great nightclub".Haze closed in November 2014, making way for a new nightclub known as Jewel, designed by Rockwell Group and operated by Hakkasan Group. Jewel opened in May 2016. It is small compared to other Las Vegas resort nightclubs, with capacity for 1,923 people. It includes five VIP suites, each with their own theme.Aria also included the 3,756 square feet (349 m2) Gold Lounge by Cirque du Soleil, built to accompany the resort's Viva Elvis show. Gold Lounge's design was inspired by Graceland, the home of Elvis Presley, and it made extensive use of black and gold in its décor. The lounge doubled as a nightclub with DJs playing a variety of music from different decades. Gold Lounge underwent a $4 million renovation in 2015.

 Artwork and water attractions 
Artwork by several artists, including Tony Cragg and Antony Gormley, is located throughout Aria. Hung behind the hotel's check-in desk is Maya Lin's Silver River, a sculpture of the Colorado River. Made of reclaimed silver, it measures 87 ft (27 m) and weighs 3,700 pounds.Located at the valet area is Vegas, an LED art installation by Jenny Holzer. It measures 280 feet long, 18 feet tall, and features more than 200 "Truisms" by Holzer that scroll by, to be read by guests waiting for their vehicles. Vegas was added to brighten the dark valet space.Aria features three water attractions designed by WET. A traffic circle is located in front of Aria's south entrance, with a fountain in the center. Known as Lumia, the fountain features programmable water streams which collide with each other, changing colors in the process.Also located near the south entrance is Focus, a curved water wall made of stone imported from India. At 270 feet long, Focus is one of the largest water walls in the world.Latisse, an indoor water wall made from a series of glass panels, is located at Aria's north entrance. It was designed by Joel Berman and rises 40 feet.

 Other features 
Aria opened with a three-story convention center covering 300,000 sq ft (28,000 m2). A wedding chapel was added to the convention center's first floor in 2013. A four-story expansion of the convention center was completed in February 2018, after nearly two years of construction. It cost $170 million and added 200,000 sq ft (19,000 m2), taking the place of the resort's showroom.When Aria opened, it included the largest spa of any MGM resort. The 80,000-square-foot (7,400 m2) spa and salon covers two floors, and a coed balcony attached to the spa overlooks an outdoor infinity-edge pool.
Aria's pool deck measures 215,000 sq ft (20,000 m2) and features acacia, bottle, palm and pine trees. Liquid Pool Lounge, opened in March 2010, includes several pools and DJ entertainment. Liquid Pool also opened with a small restaurant, Breeze Café, which has since closed.
In 2012, a new, larger resort sign was added along Interstate 15, located behind Aria. Another sign, created by YESCO, was erected along the Strip in 2013. Standing 250 feet, it is the tallest sign on the Strip. It includes a 10,000 sq ft (930 m2) LED screen with 11 million pixels.

 Shows 
Cirque du Soleil, CKX, Inc. and its subsidiary Elvis Presley Enterprises created a permanent show at Aria, titled Viva Elvis. It premiered on February 17, 2010 and consisted of music, singers, dancers, acrobats and multimedia components that paid tribute to Presley. The performance theater, the only one at CityCenter, had capacity for 1,840 people.Viva Elvis ended its run on August 31, 2012 due to low ticket sales, and was replaced on November 1, 2012 by Cirque du Soleil's rock opera Zarkana. The show and theater closed in April 2016 to allow for the convention center expansion.

 Reception 
Early guest reviews were generally negative, with wide-ranging complaints concerning slow check-in, the dark casino design, high-priced amenities, malfunctioning room electronics, and poor service. In a positive review, Fred A. Bernstein of The New York Times praised the hotel's technological features and luxury. He further wrote, "The hotel is huge, and it feels that way, but thanks to thoughtful design, it also feels luxurious and, at times, even cozy". The negative reception was taken into consideration by MGM, which made adjustments based on the feedback. This included improved wireless service, a brighter casino, and a revamped buffet appealing to value-conscious visitors.Within a year of opening, Aria's hotel received the AAA Five Diamond Award. Its Sky Suites have also received the award, as well as a five-star rating from Forbes Travel Guide.

 In popular culture 
Aria appears in the 2013 film Now You See Me, which includes footage of the casino floor and a Sky Villa suite.
Aria is featured prominently in the 2013 film Last Vegas, which included filming at the pool and on the casino floor. A Sky Villa suite and the Haze nightclub were also recreated on a sound stage for the film.
Aria also appears in the 2016 film Jason Bourne, serving as a filming location for convention scenes and a car chase.
Aria is among the filming locations used in the 2023 film The Family Plan.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
List of tallest buildings in Las Vegas

 References 

 External links 

Official website

IEEE 802.11e-2005
IEEE 802.11e-2005 or 802.11e is an approved amendment to the IEEE 802.11 standard that defines a set of quality of service (QoS) enhancements for wireless LAN applications through modifications to the media access control (MAC) layer.  The standard is considered of critical importance for delay-sensitive applications, such as voice over wireless LAN and streaming multimedia.  The amendment has been incorporated into the published IEEE 802.11-2007 standard.

 Original 802.11 MAC 

 Distributed coordination function (DCF) 

The basic 802.11 MAC layer uses the distributed coordination function (DCF) to share the medium between multiple stations.  (DCF) relies on CSMA/CA and optional 802.11 RTS/CTS to share the medium between stations.  This has several limitations:

if many stations attempt to communicate at the same time, many collisions will occur which will lower the available bandwidth and possibly lead to congestive collapse.
there are no quality-of-service (QoS) guarantees. In particular, there is no notion of high or low priority traffic.

 Point coordination function (PCF) 

The original 802.11 MAC defines another coordination function called the point coordination function (PCF). This is available only in "infrastructure" mode, where stations are connected to the network through an Access Point (AP).  This mode is optional, and only very few APs or Wi-Fi adapters actually implement it.  APs send beacon frames at regular intervals (usually every 100 TU or 0.1024 second).  Between these beacon frames, PCF defines two periods: the Contention Free Period (CFP) and the Contention Period (CP).  In the CP, DCF is used.  In the CFP, the AP sends Contention-Free-Poll (CF-Poll) packets to each station, one at a time, to give them the right to send a packet.  The AP is the coordinator.  Although this allows for a better management of QoS, PCF does not define classes of traffic as is common with other QoS systems (e.g. 802.1p and DiffServ).

 802.11e MAC protocol operation 
The 802.11e enhances the DCF and the PCF, through a new coordination function: the hybrid coordination function (HCF).  Within the HCF, there are two methods of channel accessed, similar to those defined in the legacy 802.11 MAC: HCF Controlled Channel Access (HCCA) and Enhanced Distributed Channel Access (EDCA).  Both EDCA and HCCA define Traffic Categories (TC).  For example, emails could be assigned to a low priority class, and voice over wireless LAN (VoWLAN) could be assigned to a high priority class.

 Enhanced distributed channel access (EDCA) 
EDCA is a supported QoS mechanism in 802.11e. With EDCA, high-priority traffic has a higher chance of being sent than low-priority traffic: a station with high priority traffic waits a little less before it sends its packet, on average, than a station with low priority traffic. This is accomplished through the TCMA protocol, which is a variation of CSMA/CA using a shorter arbitration inter-frame space (AIFS) for higher priority packets. The exact values depend on the physical layer that is used to transmit the data. In addition, EDCA provides contention-free access to the channel for a period called a Transmit Opportunity (TXOP). A TXOP is a bounded time interval during which a station can send as many frames as possible (as long as the duration of the transmissions does not extend beyond the maximum duration of the TXOP). If a frame is too large to be transmitted in a single TXOP, it should be fragmented into smaller frames. The use of TXOPs reduces the problem of low rate stations gaining an inordinate amount of channel time in the legacy 802.11 DCF MAC. A TXOP time interval of 0 means it is limited to a single MAC service data unit (MSDU) or MAC management protocol data unit (MMPDU).
The levels of priority in EDCA are called access categories (ACs). The contention window (CW) can be set according to the traffic expected in each access category, with a wider window needed for categories with heavier traffic.  The CWmin and CWmax values are calculated from aCWmin and aCWmax values, respectively, that are defined for each physical layer supported by 802.11e.

For a typical of aCWmin=15 and aCWmax=1023, as used, for example, by OFDM (802.11a) and MIMO (802.11n), the resulting values are as following:

ACs map directly from Ethernet-level class of service (CoS) priority levels:

The primary purpose of QoS is to protect high priority data from low priority data. There are also scenarios in which the data needs to be protected from other data of the same class. Admission Control in EDCA address these type of problems. The AP publishes the available bandwidth in beacons. Clients can check the available bandwidth before adding more traffic.
Wi-Fi Multimedia (WMM) is the Wi-Fi Alliance specification which is a subset of IEEE 802.11e. Certified APs must be enabled for EDCA and TXOP.  All other enhancements of 802.11e are optional.

 HCF controlled channel access (HCCA) 
The HCF (hybrid coordination function) controlled channel access (HCCA) works a lot like PCF. However, in contrast to PCF, in which the interval between two beacon frames is divided into two periods of CFP and CP, the HCCA allows for CFPs being initiated at almost anytime during a CP. This kind of CFP is called a Controlled Access Phase (CAP) in 802.11e. A CAP is initiated by the AP whenever it wants to send a frame to a station or receive a frame from a station in a contention-free manner. In fact, the CFP is a CAP too. During a CAP, the Hybrid Coordinator (HC)—which is also the AP—controls the access to the medium.  During the CP, all stations function in EDCA.  The other difference with the PCF is that Traffic Class (TC) and Traffic Streams (TS) are defined. This means that the HC is not limited to per-station queuing and can provide a kind of per-session service.  Also, the HC can coordinate these streams or sessions in any fashion it chooses (not just round-robin).  Moreover, the stations give info about the lengths of their queues for each Traffic Class (TC).  The HC can use this info to give priority to one station over another, or better adjust its scheduling mechanism.  Another difference is that stations are given a TXOP: they may send multiple packets in a row, for a given time period selected by the HC.  During the CFP, the HC allows stations to send data by sending CF-Poll frames.
HCCA is generally considered the most advanced (and complex) coordination function.  With the HCCA, QoS can be configured with great precision.  QoS-enabled stations have the ability to request specific transmission parameters (data rate, jitter, etc.) which should allow advanced applications like VoIP and video streaming to work more effectively on a Wi-Fi network.
HCCA support is not mandatory for 802.11e APs.  In fact, few (if any) APs currently available are enabled for HCCA. Implementing the HCCA on end stations uses the existing DCF mechanism for channel access (no change to DCF or EDCA operation is needed). Stations only need to be able to respond to poll messages. On the AP side, a scheduler and queuing mechanism is needed.

 Other 802.11e specifications 
In addition to HCCA, EDCA and TXOP, 802.11e specifies additional optional protocols for enhanced 802.11 MAC layer QoS:

 Automatic power save delivery 
In addition to the Power Save Polling mechanism, which was available pre-802.11e, new power save delivery and notification mechanisms have been introduced in 802.11e.  APSD (automatic power save delivery) provides two ways to start delivery: ‘scheduled APSD’ (S-APSD) and ‘unscheduled APSD’ (U-APSD).  With APSD, multiple frames may be transmitted together by the access point to a power-saving device during a service period.  After the end of a service period, the device enters a doze state until next service period.  With S-APSD, service periods start according to a predetermined schedule known to the power-saving device, thus allowing the Access Point to transmit its buffered traffic without the need for any signaling.  With U-APSD, whenever a frame is sent to the Access Point, a service period is triggered, which allows the access point to send buffered frames in the other direction.  U-APSD can take a ‘full’ U-APSD or ‘hybrid’ U-APSD form. With Full U-APSD, all types of frames use U-APSD independently of their priority. With Hybrid U-APSD, either  U-APSD or the legacy Power Save Polling mechanism is used, depending on the access category.  S-APSD is available for both channel access mechanisms, EDCA and HCCA, while U-APSD is available only for EDCA.APSD is a more efficient power management method than legacy 802.11 Power Save Polling, leading to lower power consumption, as it reduces both the signaling traffic that would otherwise be needed for delivery of buffered frames to power-saving devices by an AP and the collision rate among power-save polls, typically transmitted immediately after the beacon TIM.  S-APSD is more efficient than U-APSD because scheduled service periods reduce contention and because transmission between the access point and a power-saving device starts without the need for any signaling.  A power-saving device using U-APSD must generate signaling frames to retrieve buffered traffic in the absence of uplink traffic, as for instance in the case of audio, video, or best effort traffic applications found in today's smartphones.  U-APSD is attractive for VoIP phones, as data rates are roughly the same in both directions, thus requiring no extra signaling—an uplink voice frame can trigger a service period for the transmission of a downlink voice frame.  Hybrid U-APSD is less efficient than Full U-APSD because the Power Save Polling mechanism it employs for some access categories is less efficient than APSD, as explained above. The relative advantages of the various power-save mechanisms have been confirmed independently by simulations.

 Block acknowledgments 
Block acknowledgments allow an entire TXOP to be acknowledged in a single frame.  This will provide less protocol overhead when longer TXOPs are specified.

 NoAck 
In QoS mode, service class for frames to send can have two values: QosAck and QosNoAck. Frames with QosNoAck are not acknowledged. This avoids retransmission of highly time-critical data.

 Direct Link Setup 
Direct Link Setup allows direct station-to-station frame transfer within a basic service set.  This is designed primarily for consumer use, where station-to-station transfer is more commonly used.  For example, when streaming video to a television across the living room, or printing to a wireless printer in the same room, it can be more efficient to send Wi-Fi frames directly between the two communicating devices, instead of using the standard technique of always sending everything via the AP, which involves two radio hops instead of one. Also, If the AP is far away in some distant part of the home, sending all the frames to the AP and back may require them to be sent at a lower transmission rate. However, DLS requires participation from the AP to facilitate the more efficient direct communication, and few, if any, APs have the necessary support for this. Tunnelled Direct Link Setup was published as 802.11z (TDLS), allowing devices to perform more efficient direct station-to-station frame transfers without support from the AP. Both DLS and TDLS require that stations be associated with the same AP. Both DLS and TDLS improve the speed and efficiency of communications between members of a basic service set, but they do not facilitate communication between devices that are near to each other but not associated with the same AP.
Nearby communication between devices not associated with the same AP can be performed using technologies like Wi-Fi Direct, but so far Wi-Fi Direct has not seen widespread adoption.
Microsoft's Virtual Wi-Fi initiative was designed to accomplish the same goal as DLS.  Virtual Wi-Fi allows gamers to connect wireless while accessing the Internet through an AP by allowing station adapters to have multiple MAC addresses.

 References 

 External links 
Approval from the IEEE RevCom
802.11e TGe Status (finished)
802.11e Amendment
QoX: What is It Really

Spanish Fork, Utah
Spanish Fork is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Provo–Orem Metropolitan Statistical Area. The 2020 census reported a population of 42,602. Spanish Fork, Utah is the 20th largest city in Utah based on official 2017 estimates from the US Census Bureau.Spanish Fork lies in the Utah Valley, with the Wasatch Range to the east and Utah Lake to the northwest. I-15 passes the northwest side of the city. Payson is approximately six miles to the southwest, Springville lies about four miles to the northeast, and Salem is approximately 4.5 miles to the south.

 History 
Spanish Fork was settled in 1851 by members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as part of the Mormon Pioneers' settlement of Utah Territory. Its name derives from a visit to the area by two Franciscan friars from Spain, Silvestre Vélez de Escalante and Francisco Atanasio Domínguez in 1776, who followed the stream down Spanish Fork canyon with the objective of opening a new trail from Santa Fe, New Mexico, to the Spanish missions in California, along a route later followed by fur trappers. They described the area inhabited by Native Americans as having "spreading meadows, where there is sufficient irrigable land for two good settlements. [...] Over and above these finest of advantages, it has plenty of firewood and timber in the adjacent sierra which surrounds it—many sheltered spots, waters, and pasturages, for raising cattle and sheep and horses."In 1851, some settlers led by William Pace set up scattered farms in the Spanish Fork bottom lands and called the area the Upper Settlement. However, a larger group congregated at what became known as the Lower Settlement just over a mile northwest of the present center of Spanish Fork along the Spanish Fork river. In December 1851, Stephen Markham, who was severely wounded outside Carthage Jail in Carthage, Illinois while attempting to defend Joseph Smith and other church leaders from a mob in 1844, became the president of the first church congregation (branch) at the Lower Settlement.: 823 In 1852, Latter-day Saints founded a settlement called Palmyra west of the historic center of Spanish Fork. George A. Smith supervised the laying out of a townsite, including a temple square in that year.: 631–632  A fort and a school were built at the Palmyra site in 1852.: 824  With the onset of the Walker War in 1853, most of the farmers in the region who were not yet in the Palmyra fort moved in.: 631  Some of the people did not like this site and so moved to a different site at the mouth of Spanish Fork Canyon, where they built a structure they called "Fort St. Luke".: 256–257  Also in 1854 there was a fort founded approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) south of the center of Spanish Fork that later was known as the "Old Fort".: 823 Between 1855 and 1860, the arrival of pioneers from Iceland made Spanish Fork the first permanent Icelandic settlement in the United States. The city also lent its name to the 1865 Treaty of Spanish Fork, where the Utes were forced by an Executive Order of President Abraham Lincoln to relocate to the Uintah Basin.

 Geography 

 Climate 
Spanish Fork has a dry-summer continental climate (Köppen: Dsa) with cold, snowy winters and hot, dry summers.

 Demographic 
As of the 2010 census, there were 34,691 people, 9,069 households, and 7,885 families residing in the city. The population density was 2,252.7 people per square mile (871.6/km2). There were 9,440 housing units, at an average density of 613.0 per square mile (237.2/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 90.9% White, 0.4% African American, 0.5% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 0.7% Pacific Islander, 4.4% some other race, and 2.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 10.6% of the population. As for ages, the population was quite young with 40.9% being under the age of 18, 53.6% aged 18–64 and 5.5% over the age of 65.At the 2000 census, the median income for a household in the city was $62,805, and the median income for a family was $64,909. The per capita income for the city was $17,162. About 4.3% of families and 6.2% of the population were below the poverty line.

 Economy 
Mountain Country Foods is currently Spanish Fork's largest private employer with 350 employees. Eight other businesses employ one hundred or more workers: SAPA, Klune Industries, Longview Fibre, Nature's Sunshine, Rocky Mountain Composites, J.C. Penney, Western Wats, and Provo Craft.Spanish Fork has a predominantly LDS population. There are seventy-four LDS wards in nine stakes in the southern Utah Valley and a temple, the Payson Utah Temple, which opened in June 2015. The majority of residents are Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints just like all of Utah County.There are other churches in town: the Presbyterian Church established a church and mission day school in 1882. The school functioned until the state school system was inaugurated in the early part of the twentieth century. Today there are nine public elementary schools, two intermediate, and two high schools of the Nebo School District.A Lutheran church, established by immigrants from Iceland, was built on the east bench of Spanish Fork. There is also the Faith Baptist Church, a Baptist congregation.A Roman Catholic church serves the Catholics of southern Utah Valley; many happen to be of Italian descent (see Utah Italians), Hispanics, Filipino Americans, and some Greek Catholics from the Balkans.ISKCON, the international society of Krishna Consciousness, have built a temple in Spanish Fork, run by Caru Das, the temple priest. Indian Americans form a small but noticeable community in the Spanish Fork-Provo area (especially in the neighboring town of Springville).In Utah Valley's historical settlement by immigrants, Scandinavians (most notably Icelanders); as well as Swiss people; Spanish Americans, Hispanics or Latinos; English Americans, Irish Americans and Scottish Americans are prevalent ethnocultural groups in Spanish Fork, and the nearby towns of Salem and Payson.

 Arts and culture 

 Sights 
The Angelus Theatre in Spanish Fork hosts live shows, collaborating with theater companies including Great Hall Theatrical Experiences andCobb&Co, and other events such as live music or rock bands.

 Events 
Spanish Fork City hosts five large-scale events each year: Fiesta Days, Icelandic Days, the Harvest Moon Hurrah, the Festival of Lights, and the Festival of Colors.

 Icelandic Days 
The Icelandic Association of Utah was founded in 1897 and hosts Iceland Days every year. The association picked June because Icelandic Independence Day, or National Day, is June 17.
Spanish Fork was the first Icelandic settlement in the United States, after Icelanders who joined the Church of Jesus Christ were expelled from that country, according to association spokesman Glenn Grossman. Although other nationalities helped found the town, under colonizer Brigham Young, Icelanders kept their identity and celebrate it with their culture every year during the three-day event.

 Harvest Moon Hurrah 
The Harvest Moon Hurrah is sponsored by the Spanish Fork Arts Council and takes place on a Saturday in September closest to the date of the full moon. Activities include children's crafts and activities, a giant paint-it-yourself mural, storyteller, old-fashioned family photos, caricature artist, clown and balloon animals, hay rides with live bluegrass band, and live entertainment. The 2009 Hurrah was headlined by Peter Breinholt, a local musician.

 Fiesta Days 
Each year Spanish Fork hosts the "Fiesta Days". The event is held every July, and is centered around the Pioneer Day Celebration. There are a number of entertainment events, including a rodeo, craft fair, parade, duck race, and a fireworks show on the 24th.

 Festival of Colors 
The Sri Sri Radha Krishna Temple (erected by Christopher Warden, an International Society for Krishna Consciousness follower)  celebrates Holi and is known for the  Festival of Colors where thousands of people gather from all over the country.

 Government 
Spanish Fork has a council-manager form of government. Seth Perrins is the current city manager, and Tyler Jacobson is the assistant city manager.The current mayor, Mike Mendenhall was elected in the November 10, 2021 general election. The members of the city council are: Chad Argyle, Stacy Beck, Brandon Gordon and Shane Marshall.

 Education 

In 1862, Spanish Fork built its first school house. That one room edifice served the city's educational needs for nearly 50 years. In 1910, Spanish Fork built the Thurber School on Main Street. Although it's not used for daily K-12 classes anymore, it still functions as a city office building. Today, Spanish Fork is served by the Nebo School District. Public schools in this district within Spanish Fork include the following:

Spanish Fork High School
Maple Mountain High School
Landmark High School (alternative school)
Spanish Fork Junior High School
Diamond Fork Middle School (formerly known as Diamond Fork Junior High School)
Brockbank Elementary
Canyon Elementary
Larsen Elementary
Park Elementary
Rees Elementary
Riverview Elementary School
East Meadows Elementary
Sierra Bonita Elementary
Maple Ridge ElementaryIn addition, there is a private girls school, the New Haven School, and a K-12 charter school, the American Leadership Academy.

 Infrastructure 

 Alternative energy 
In September 2008, the Spanish Fork Wind Project was completed. This project, a 9-turbine wind energy project, can produce up to 18.9 megawatts at full production, and the nine turbines can power up to 6,000 typical homes. It is a utility-scale wind farm producing electricity from wind power.

 Notable people 
Stephen M. Studdert, Advisor to U.S. Presidents George Bush, Ronald Reagan, and Gerald Ford
Gail Halvorsen, U.S. Air Force candy bomber
D. Elden Beck, educator
Kate B. Carter, Utah pioneer historian
Zebedee Coltrin, Utah pioneer
Lucky Blue Smith, male model
Kaycee Feild, bareback bronc rider
Isaac Asiata, football player
Scott Brumfield, football player
Hefa Leone Tuita, dancer
Ab Jenkins, politician and racing driver
Jaren Hall, football player

 See also 
List of cities and towns in Utah
Icelandic heritage in Spanish Fork, Utah

 References 

 External links 

Official website

January 7
January 7 is the seventh day of the year in the Gregorian calendar;  358 days remain until the end of the year (359 in leap years).

 Events 

 Pre-1600 
49 BC – The Senate of Rome says that Caesar will be declared a public enemy unless he disbands his army, prompting the tribunes who support him to flee to where Caesar is waiting in Ravenna.
1325 – Afonso IV becomes King of Portugal.
1558 – French troops, led by Francis, Duke of Guise, take Calais, the last continental possession of England.

 1601–1900 
1608 – Fire destroys Jamestown, Virginia.
1610 – Galileo Galilei makes his first observation of the four Galilean moons: Ganymede, Callisto, Io and Europa, although he is not able to distinguish the last two until the following night.
1708 – Battle of Zlatoust: Battle between Bashkir and Tatar rebels and the government troops of the Tsardom of Russia. It is one of the events of the Bashkir rebellion of 1704–1711.
1708 – Bashkir rebels besiege Yelabuga.
1738 – A peace treaty is signed between Peshwa Bajirao and Jai Singh II following Maratha victory in the Battle of Bhopal.
1782 – The first American commercial bank, the Bank of North America, opens.
1785 – Frenchman Jean-Pierre Blanchard and American John Jeffries travel from Dover, England, to Calais, France, in a gas balloon.
1835 – HMS Beagle, with Charles Darwin on board, drops anchor off the Chonos Archipelago.
1867 – The Kingstree jail fire kills 22 freedmen in Reconstruction-era South Carolina.
1894 – Thomas Edison makes a kinetoscopic film of someone sneezing. On the same day, his employee, William Kennedy Dickson, receives a patent for motion picture film.

 1901–present 
1904 – The distress signal "CQD" is established only to be replaced two years later by "SOS".
1907 – A workers riot in Rio Blanco, Veracruz leaves many people dead and injured while demanding better working conditions.
1919 – Montenegrin guerrilla fighters rebel against the planned annexation of Montenegro by Serbia, but fail.
1920 – The New York State Assembly refuses to seat five duly elected Socialist assemblymen.
1922 – Dáil Éireann ratifies the Anglo-Irish Treaty by a 64–57 vote.
1927 – The first transatlantic commercial telephone service is established from New York City to London.
1928 – A disastrous flood of the River Thames kills 14 people and causes extensive damage to much of riverside London.
1931 – Guy Menzies flies the first solo non-stop trans-Tasman flight (from Australia to New Zealand) in 11 hours and 45 minutes, crash-landing on New Zealand's west coast.
1935 – Benito Mussolini and French Foreign minister Pierre Laval sign the Franco-Italian Agreement.
1940 – Winter War: Battle of Raate Road: The Finnish 9th Division finally defeat the numerically superior Soviet forces on the Raate-Suomussalmi road.
1948 – Kentucky Air National Guard pilot Thomas Mantell crashes while in pursuit of a supposed UFO.
1950 – In the Sverdlovsk air disaster, all 19 of those on board are killed, including almost the entire national ice hockey team (VVS Moscow) of the Soviet Air Force – 11 players, as well as a team doctor and a masseur.
1954 – Georgetown–IBM experiment: The first public demonstration of a machine translation system is held in New York at the head office of IBM.
1955 – Contralto Marian Anderson becomes the first person of color to perform at the Metropolitan Opera in Giuseppe Verdi's Un ballo in maschera.
1959 – The United States recognizes the new Cuban government of Fidel Castro.
1968 – Surveyor program: Surveyor 7, the last spacecraft in the Surveyor series, lifts off from Cape Canaveral Launch Complex 36A.
1972 – Iberia Flight 602 crashes near Ibiza Airport, killing all 104 people on board.
1973 – In his second shooting spree of the week, Mark Essex fatally shoots seven people and wounds five others at Howard Johnson's Hotel in New Orleans, before being shot to death by police officers.
1979 – Third Indochina War: Cambodian–Vietnamese War: Phnom Penh falls to the advancing Vietnamese troops, driving out Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge.
1980 – U.S. President Jimmy Carter authorizes legislation giving $1.5 billion in loans to bail out the Chrysler Corporation.
1984 – Brunei becomes the sixth member of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
1985 – Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency launches Sakigake, Japan's first interplanetary spacecraft and the first deep space probe to be launched by any country other than the United States or the Soviet Union.
1991 – Roger Lafontant, former leader of the Tonton Macoute in Haiti under François Duvalier, attempts a coup d'état, which ends in his arrest.
1993 – The Fourth Republic of Ghana is inaugurated with Jerry Rawlings as president.
1993   – Bosnian War: The Bosnian Army executes a surprise attack at the village of Kravica in Srebrenica.
1994 – A British Aerospace Jetstream 41 operating as United Express Flight 6291 crashes in Gahanna, Ohio, killing five of the eight people on board.
1999 – The Senate trial in the impeachment of U.S. President Bill Clinton begins.
2012 – A hot air balloon crashes near Carterton, New Zealand, killing all 11 people on board.
2015 – Two gunmen commit mass murder at the offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris, shooting twelve people execution style, and wounding eleven others.
2015 – A car bomb explodes outside a police college in the Yemeni capital Sana'a with at least 38 people reported dead and more than 63 injured.
2020 – The 6.4Mw  2019–20 Puerto Rico earthquakes kill four and injure nine in southern Puerto Rico.
2023 – The longest U.S. House of Representatives speaker election since the December 1859 – February 1860 U.S. speaker election concludes and Kevin McCarthy is elected 55th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

 Births 

 Pre-1600 
889 – Li Bian, emperor of Southern Tang (d. 943)
1355 – Thomas of Woodstock, Duke of Gloucester, English politician, Lord High Constable of England (d. 1397)
1414 – Henry II, Count of Nassau-Siegen (d. 1451)
1502 – Pope Gregory XIII (d. 1585)

 1601–1900 
1634 – Adam Krieger, German organist and composer (d. 1666)
1647 – William Louis, Duke of Württemberg (d. 1677)
1685 – Jonas Alströmer, Swedish agronomist and businessman (d. 1761)
1706 – Johann Heinrich Zedler, German publisher (d. 1751)
1713 – Giovanni Battista Locatelli, Italian opera director and manager (d. 1785)
1718 – Israel Putnam, American general (d. 1790)
1746 – George Elphinstone, 1st Viscount Keith, Scottish admiral and politician (d. 1823)
1768 – Joseph Bonaparte, Italian king (d. 1844)
1797 – Mariano Paredes, Mexican general and 16th president (1845-1846) (d. 1849)
1800 – Millard Fillmore, American politician, 13th President of the United States (d. 1874)
1814 – Robert Nicoll, Scottish poet (d.1837)
1815 – Elizabeth Louisa Foster Mather, American writer (d.1882)
1827 – Sandford Fleming, Scottish-Canadian engineer, created Universal Standard Time (d. 1915)
1830 – Albert Bierstadt, American painter (d. 1902)
1831 – Heinrich von Stephan, German postman, founded the Universal Postal Union (d. 1897)
1832 – James Munro, Scottish-Australian publisher and politician, 15th Premier of Victoria (d. 1908)
1834 – Johann Philipp Reis, German physicist and academic, invented the Reis telephone (d. 1874)
1837 – Thomas Henry Ismay, English businessman, founded the White Star Line Shipping Company (d. 1899)
1844 – Bernadette Soubirous, French nun and saint (d. 1879)
1852 – Quianu Robinson, New Mexican Congressman and political ally of Conrad Hilton (d. 1919)
1858 – Eliezer Ben-Yehuda, Belarusian lexicographer and journalist (d. 1922)
1863 – Anna Murray Vail, American botanist and first librarian of the New York Botanical Garden (d. 1955)
1871 – Émile Borel, French mathematician and politician (d. 1956)
1873 – Charles Péguy, French poet and journalist (d. 1914)
1873   – Adolph Zukor, Hungarian-American film producer, co-founded Paramount Pictures (d. 1976)
1875 – Gustav Flatow, German gymnast (d. 1945)
1876 – William Hurlstone, English pianist and composer (d. 1906)
1877 – William Clarence Matthews, American baseball player, coach, and lawyer (d. 1928)
1889 – Vera de Bosset, Russian-American ballerina (d. 1982)
1890 – Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson, American soldier, pulp magazine writer, and pioneer of the American comic book (d. 1965)
1891 – Zora Neale Hurston, American novelist, short story writer, and folklorist (d. 1960)
1895 – Hudson Fysh, Australian pilot and businessman, co-founded Qantas Airways Limited (d. 1974)
1898 – Al Bowlly, Mozambican-English singer-songwriter (disputed; d. 1941)
1899 – Francis Poulenc, French pianist and composer (d. 1963)
1899   – F. Orlin Tremaine, American magazine executive, writer, and magazine editor (Astounding Stories) (d. 1956)
1900 – John Brownlee, Australian actor and singer (d. 1969)

 1901–present 
1903 – Alan Napier, English actor (d. 1988)
1903   – Hooley Smith, Canadian ice hockey player (d. 1963)
1908 – Red Allen, American trumpet player (d. 1967)
1910 – Orval Faubus, American soldier and politician, 36th Governor of Arkansas (d. 1994)
1912 – Charles Addams, American cartoonist, created The Addams Family (d. 1988)
1913 – Francis de Wolff, English actor (d. 1984)
1913   – Johnny Mize, American baseball player, coach, and sportscaster (d. 1993)
1916 – W. L. Jeyasingham, Sri Lankan geographer and academic (d. 1989)
1916   – Babe Pratt, Canadian ice hockey player (d. 1988)
1920 – Vincent Gardenia, Italian-American actor (d. 1992)
1921 – Esmeralda Arboleda Cadavid, Colombian politician (d. 1997)
1921   – Chester Kallman, American poet and translator (d. 1975)
1922 – Alvin Dark, American baseball player and manager (d. 2014)
1922   – Jean-Pierre Rampal, French flute player (d. 2000)
1923 – Hugh Kenner, Canadian scholar and critic (d. 2003)
1923   – Vaklush Tolev, Bulgarian theologian, educator, public figure and lecturer (d. 2013)
1924 – Geoffrey Bayldon, English actor (d. 2017)
1925 – Gerald Durrell, Indian-English zookeeper, conservationist and author, founded Durrell Wildlife Park (d. 1995)
1926 – Kim Jong-pil, South Korean lieutenant and politician, 11th Prime Minister of South Korea (d. 2018)
1928 – William Peter Blatty, American author and screenwriter (d. 2017)
1929 – Robert Juniper, Australian painter and sculptor (d. 2012)
1929   – Terry Moore, American actress
1931 – Mirja Hietamies, Finnish skier (d. 2013)
1933 – Elliott Kastner, American-English film producer (d. 2010)
1934 – Jean Corbeil, Canadian lawyer and politician, 29th Canadian Minister of Labour (d. 2002)
1934   – Tassos Papadopoulos, Cypriot lawyer and politician, 5th President of Cyprus (d. 2008)
1935 – Kenny Davern, American clarinet player and saxophonist (d. 2006)
1935   – Valery Kubasov, Russian engineer and astronaut (d. 2014)
1935   – Li Shengjiao, Chinese diplomat and international jurist (d. 2017)
1938 – Bob Boland, Australian rugby league player and coach
1941 – Iona Brown, English violinist and conductor (d. 2004)
1941   – John Steiner, English actor (d. 2022)
1941   – John E. Walker, English chemist and academic, Nobel Prize laureate
1942 – Vasily Alekseyev, Russian-German weightlifter and coach (d. 2011)
1943 – Sadako Sasaki, Japanese survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima, known for one thousand origami cranes (d. 1955)
1944 – Mike McGear, British performing artist and rock photographer
1944   – Kotaro Suzumura, Japanese economist and academic (d. 2020)
1945 – Tony Conigliaro, American baseball player (d. 1990)
1945   – Raila Odinga, Kenyan engineer and politician, 2nd Prime Minister of Kenya
1946 – Michele Elliott, author, psychologist and founder of child protection charity Kidscape
1946   – Jann Wenner, American publisher, co-founded Rolling Stone
1947 – Tony Elliott, English publisher, founded Time Out (d. 2020)
1948 – Kenny Loggins, American singer-songwriter
1950 – Juan Gabriel, Mexican singer-songwriter (d. 2016)
1950   – Erin Gray, American actress and model
1952 – Sammo Hung, Hong Kong actor, director, producer, and martial artist
1953 – Robert Longo, American painter and sculptor
1954 – Alan Butcher, English cricketer and coach
1955 – Mamata Shankar, Indian-Bengali actress
1956 – David Caruso, American actor
1957 – Katie Couric, American television journalist, anchor, and author
1959 – Angela Smith, Baroness Smith of Basildon, English accountant and politician
1959   – Kathy Valentine, American bass player and songwriter
1960 – David Marciano, American actor
1960   – Loretta Sanchez, American politician
1961 – John Thune, American lawyer and politician
1962 – Aleksandr Dugin, Russian political analyst and strategist known for his fascist views 
1962   – Ron Rivera, American football player and coach
1962   – Hallie Todd, American actress
1963 – Rand Paul, American politician and physician
1964 – Nicolas Cage, American actor
1965 – Five for Fighting, American singer-songwriter and pianist
1965   – Alessandro Lambruschini, Italian runner
1967 – Nick Clegg, English academic and politician, Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
1967   – Irrfan Khan, Indian actor (d. 2020)
1967   – Ricky Stuart, Australian rugby player, coach, and sportscaster
1969 – Rex Lee, American actor
1969   – Marco Simone, Italian footballer and manager
1970 – Andy Burnham, English politician
1970   – Doug E. Doug, American actor
1971 – Kevin Rahm, American actor
1971   – Jeremy Renner, American actor
1972 – Donald Brashear, American-Canadian ice hockey player and mixed martial artist
1974 – Alenka Bikar, Slovenian sprinter and politician
1976 – Vic Darchinyan, Armenian-Australian boxer
1976   – Éric Gagné, Canadian baseball player
1976   – Alfonso Soriano, Dominican baseball player
1977 – Dustin Diamond, American actor and comedian (d. 2021)
1977   – Sofi Oksanen, Finnish author and playwright
1977   – Brent Sopel, Canadian ice hockey player
1978 – Dean Cosker, English cricketer and umpire
1979 – Reggie Austin, American actor
1979   – Aloe Blacc, American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer, actor, businessman and philanthropist
1980 – Reece Simmonds, Australian rugby league player
1981 – Alex Auld, Canadian ice hockey player
1981   – Marquis Daniels, American basketball player
1981   – Travis Friend, Zimbabwean cricketer
1982 – Lauren Cohan, American-English actress
1982   – Francisco Rodríguez, Venezuelan baseball player
1982   – Hannah Stockbauer, German swimmer
1983 – Brett Dalton, American actor
1983   – Edwin Encarnación, Dominican baseball player
1983   – Cappie Pondexter, American basketball player
1983   – Robert Ri'chard, American actor
1984 – Jon Lester, American baseball player
1985 – Lewis Hamilton, English racing driver
1985   – Wayne Routledge, English footballer
1987 – Davide Astori, Italian footballer (d. 2018)
1987   – Stefan Babović, Serbian footballer
1987   – Lyndsy Fonseca, American actress
1988 – Scott Pendlebury, Australian footballer
1988   – Robert Sheehan, Irish actor
1990 – Liam Aiken, American actor
1990   – Gentleman Jack Gallagher, English mixed martial artist and wrestler
1990   – Camryn Grimes, American actress
1990   – Gregor Schlierenzauer, Austrian ski jumper
1991 – Tucker Barnhart, American baseball player
1991   – Eden Hazard, Belgian footballer
1991   – Caster Semenya, South African sprinter
1991   – Michael Walters, Australian footballer
1992 – Erik Gudbranson, Canadian ice hockey player
1992   – Tohu Harris, New Zealand rugby league player
1994 – Jarnell Stokes, American basketball player
1994   – Lee Sun-bin, South Korean actress and singer
1994   – MacKenzie Weegar, Canadian ice hockey player
1995 – Jordan Bell, American basketball player
1995   – Yulia Putintseva, Kazakhstani tennis player
1996 – Alex Nedeljkovic, American ice hockey player
1997 – Ozzie Albies, Curaçaoan baseball player
1997   – Lamar Jackson, American football player
2004 – Sofia Wylie, American actress, singer, and dancer

 Deaths 

 Pre-1600 
312 – Lucian of Antioch, Christian martyr, saint, and theologian (b. 240)
838 – Babak Khorramdin, Iranian leader of the Khurramite uprising against the Abbasid Caliphate
856 – Aldric, bishop of Le Mans
1131 – Canute Lavard, Danish prince and saint (b. 1096)
1285 – Charles I of Naples (b. 1226)
1325 – Denis of Portugal (b. 1261)
1355 – Inês de Castro, Castilian noblewoman (b. 1325)
1400 – John Montagu, 3rd Earl of Salisbury, English Earl (b. 1350)
1451 – Amadeus VIII, Duke of Savoy a.k.a. Antipope Felix V (b. 1383)
1529 – Peter Vischer the Elder, German sculptor (b. 1455)
1536 – Catherine of Aragon (b. 1485)
1566 – Louis de Blois, Flemish monk and author (b. 1506)

 1601–1900 
1619 – Nicholas Hilliard, English painter and goldsmith (b. 1547)
1625 – Ruggiero Giovannelli, Italian composer and author (b. 1560)
1655 – Pope Innocent X (b. 1574)
1658 – Theophilus Eaton, American farmer and politician, 1st Governor of the New Haven Colony (b. 1590)
1694 – Charles Gerard, 1st Earl of Macclesfield, English general and politician, Lord Lieutenant of Gloucestershire (b. 1618)
1700 – Raffaello Fabretti, Italian scholar and author (b. 1618)
1715 – François Fénelon, French archbishop, theologian, and poet (b. 1651)
1758 – Allan Ramsay, Scottish poet and playwright (b. 1686)
1767 – Thomas Clap, American minister and academic (b. 1703)
1770 – Carl Gustaf Tessin, Swedish politician and diplomat (b. 1695)
1812 – Joseph Dennie, American journalist and author (b. 1768)
1830 – John Thomas Campbell, Irish-Australian public servant and politician (b. 1770)
1830   – Thomas Lawrence, English painter and educator (b. 1769)
1858 – Mustafa Reşid Pasha, Ottoman politician, Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire (b. 1800)
1864 – Caleb Blood Smith, American journalist and politician, 6th U.S. Secretary of the Interior (b. 1808)
1888 – Golam Ali Chowdhury, Bengali landlord and philanthropist (b. 1824)
1892 – Tewfik Pasha, Egyptian ruler (b. 1852)
1893 – Josef Stefan, Slovenian physicist and mathematician (b. 1835)

 1901–present 
1912 – Sophia Jex-Blake, English physician and feminist (b. 1840)
1919 – Henry Ware Eliot, American businessman and philanthropist, co-founded Washington University in St. Louis (b. 1843)
1920 – Edmund Barton, Australian judge and politician, 1st Prime Minister of Australia (b. 1849)
1927 – Nikolaos Kalogeropoulos, Greek politician, 99th Prime Minister of Greece (b. 1851)
1931 – Edward Channing, American historian and author (b. 1856)
1932 – André Maginot, French sergeant and politician (b. 1877)
1936 – Guy d'Hardelot, French pianist and composer (b. 1858)
1941 – Charles Finger, English journalist and author (b. 1869)
1943 – Nikola Tesla, Serbian-American physicist and engineer (b. 1856)
1951 – René Guénon, French-Egyptian philosopher and author (b. 1886)
1960 – Dorothea Douglass Lambert Chambers, English tennis player and coach (b. 1878)
1963 – Arthur Edward Moore, New Zealand-Australian farmer and politician, 23rd Premier of Queensland (b. 1876)
1964 – Reg Parnell, English racing driver and manager (b. 1911)
1967 – David Goodis, American author and screenwriter (b. 1917)
1967   – Carl Schuricht, German-Swiss conductor (b. 1880)
1968 – J. L. B. Smith, South African chemist and academic (b. 1897)
1972 – John Berryman, American poet and scholar (b. 1914)
1981 – Alvar Lidell, English journalist and radio announcer (b. 1908)
1981   – Eric Robinson, Australian businessman and politician, 2nd Australian Minister for Finance (b. 1926)
1984 – Alfred Kastler, German-French physicist and academic, Nobel Prize laureate (b. 1902)
1986 – Juan Rulfo, Mexican author, screenwriter, and photographer (b. 1917)
1988 – Zara Cisco Brough, American Nipmuc Indian chief and fashion designer (b. 1919)
1988   – Trevor Howard, English actor (b. 1913)
1989 – Hirohito, Japanese emperor (b. 1901)
1990 – Bronko Nagurski, Canadian-American football player and wrestler (b. 1908)
1992 – Richard Hunt, American puppeteer and voice actor (b. 1951)
1995 – Murray Rothbard, American economist, historian, and theorist (b. 1926)
1996 – Károly Grósz, Hungarian politician, 51st Prime Minister of Hungary (b. 1930)
1998 – Owen Bradley, American record producer (b. 1915)
1998   – Vladimir Prelog, Croatian-Swiss chemist and academic, Nobel Prize laureate (b. 1906)
2000 – Gary Albright, American wrestler (b. 1963)
2001 – James Carr, American singer (b. 1942)
2002 – Avery Schreiber, American comedian and actor (b. 1935)
2004 – Ingrid Thulin, Swedish actress (b. 1926)
2005 – Pierre Daninos, French author (b. 1913)
2006 – Heinrich Harrer, Austrian mountaineer, geographer, and author (b. 1912)
2007 – Bobby Hamilton, American race car driver and businessman (b. 1957)
2007   – Magnus Magnusson, Icelandic journalist, author, and academic (b. 1929)
2008 – Alwyn Schlebusch, South African academic and politician, Vice State President of South Africa (b. 1917)
2012 – Tony Blankley, British-born American child actor, journalist and pundit (b. 1948)
2014 – Run Run Shaw, Chinese-Hong Kong businessman and philanthropist, founded Shaw Brothers Studio and TVB (b. 1907)
2015 – Mompati Merafhe, Botswana general and politician, Vice-President of Botswana (b. 1936)
2015   – Rod Taylor, Australian-American actor and screenwriter (b. 1930)
2015   – Georges Wolinski, Tunisian-French cartoonist (b. 1934)
2016 – Bill Foster, American basketball player and coach (b. 1929)
2016   – John Johnson, American basketball player (b. 1947)
2016   – Kitty Kallen, American singer (b. 1921)
2016   – Judith Kaye, American lawyer and jurist (b. 1938)
2016   – Mufti Mohammad Sayeed, Indian lawyer and politician, Indian Minister of Home Affairs (b. 1936)
2017 – Mário Soares, Portuguese politician; 16th President of Portugal (b. 1924)
2018 – Jim Anderton, Former New Zealand Deputy Prime Minister (b. 1938)
2018   – France Gall, French singer (b. 1947)
2020 – Neil Peart, Canadian drummer, songwriter, and producer (b. 1952)
2020   – Silvio Horta, American screenwriter and television producer (b. 1974)
2020   – Elizabeth Wurtzel, author and feminist (b. 1967) 
2021 – Michael Apted, English filmmaker (b. 1941)
2021   – Tommy Lasorda, American baseball player, coach, and manager (b. 1927)
2021   – Henri Schwery, Swiss cardinal (b. 1932)
2024 – Franz Beckenbauer, German footballer and manager (b. 1945)

 Holidays and observances 
Christian Feast Day:
André Bessette (Canada)
Canute Lavard
Charles of Sezze
Felix and Januarius
Lucian of Antioch
Raymond of Penyafort
Synaxis of John the Forerunner & Baptist (Julian calendar)
January 7 (Eastern Orthodox liturgics)
Christmas (Eastern Orthodox Churches and Oriental Orthodox Churches using the Julian calendar, Rastafari)
Christmas in Russia
Christmas in Ukraine
Ethiopian Christmas
Remembrance Day of the Dead (Armenia)
Distaff Day (medieval Europe)
Nanakusa-no sekku (Japan)
Pioneer's Day (Liberia)
Tricolour day or Festa del Tricolore (Italy)
Victory from Genocide Day (Cambodia)

 References 

 External links 

BBC: On This Day

The New York Times: On This Day
Historical Events on January 7

Rob Gronkowski
Robert James Gronkowski (born May 14, 1989) is an American former football tight end who played in the National Football League (NFL) for 11 seasons. Nicknamed "Gronk", Gronkowski played nine seasons for the New England Patriots, then played his final two seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Regarded as one of the greatest tight ends of all time, he is a four-time Super Bowl champion (XLIX, LI, LIII, LV), a five-time Pro Bowl selection, a four-time First Team All-Pro selection, and was selected in the NFL 2010s All-Decade Team and NFL 100th Anniversary All-Time Team.
Gronkowski played college football for the Arizona Wildcats, earning third-team All-American honors as a sophomore in 2008. Despite playing only two collegiate seasons, his 18.8 yards per reception average and 1,197 receiving yards were team records for his position. The Patriots selected Gronkowski in the second round of the 2010 NFL Draft with the 42nd pick, after he missed his junior year due to back surgery, immediately becoming a major contributor to the franchise's dynasty.
A complete tight end, he was considered elite as both a receiver and a blocker. He set several NFL records, including being the first player of his position to lead the league in receiving touchdowns (17 in 2011). Gronkowski also has the most combined receptions (23) and receiving yards (297) by a tight end in Super Bowl history. He is ranked first in average yards per target (9.9) and average touchdowns per game (0.69) among tight ends. Gronkowski also holds the Patriots franchise record of total receiving touchdowns (79).

 Early life 
Gronkowski was born in Amherst, New York, on May 14, 1989, and was raised in nearby Williamsville. He is the second youngest son of Gordon Gronkowski and Diane Walters, and is of Polish descent through his father. His father is a former college football guard for Syracuse University from 1977 to 1981 and later founded a high-end fitness equipment business. He is a great-grandson of Ignatius Gronkowski who represented the United States in cycling at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France, and held five world records in the sport. Gronkowski's parents divorced in 2008. His four brothers – Gordie, Dan, Chris, and Glenn – all played collegiate sports, and later played professionally.Gronkowski played hockey until he was 14; he then started playing basketball. He attended Williamsville North High School (WNHS) for his first three years of high school, playing tight end and defensive end, as well as freshman kickoff specialist, supposedly due to his having the biggest feet on the team; center in basketball; and first baseman in baseball for the WNHS Spartans. As a junior playing football, he recorded 36 receptions for 648 yards and seven touchdowns on offense, and 73 tackles and six sacks on defense. He was named an All-Western New York first-team and All-State second-team player. Academically, Gronkowski was in the National Honor Society, citing math as his best subject, and English the worst.In 2006, Gronkowski moved to suburban Pittsburgh, where he attended Woodland Hills High School for his senior year. Initially ruled ineligible by the Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League because of his transfer, he recorded eight receptions for 152 yards and four touchdowns at Woodland Hills after the ruling of ineligibility was overturned. He was named a SuperPrep All-American, PrepStar All-American, Associated Press Class 4-A all-state, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette "Fabulous 22", Pittsburgh Post-Gazette first-team all-conference, The Patriot-News (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania) "Platinum 33", and a Pittsburgh Tribune-Review "Terrific 25" player. He was recruited by Kentucky, Arizona, Clemson, Louisville, Maryland, Ohio State, and Syracuse. Gronkowski graduated from Woodland Hills in 2007 with a 3.75 GPA and 1560 out of 2400 SAT score.

 College career 
After graduating from high school, Gronkowski attended the University of Arizona as a Pre-Business major and played for the Arizona Wildcats football team from 2007 to 2009 under head coach Mike Stoops. As a freshman in 2007, he recorded 28 receptions for 525 yards and six touchdowns. His 18.8 yards per reception average was the best on the team and his receiving yards were a school record for a tight end. He was named  The Sporting News freshman All-American, Rivals.com freshman All-American, The Sporting News freshman Pac-10, and All-Pac-10 honorable mention player.Gronkowski missed the first three games of the 2008 season, but later recorded 47 receptions for 672 yards and a team-best ten touchdowns. Five of his touchdowns were scored in his first two games against UCLA and Washington. He was twice named the John Mackey National Tight End of the Week, including his performance in a failed comeback bid against Oregon, when he caught 12 passes for 143 yards. He set the school records for a tight end for single-game, single-season, and career receptions, yards, and touchdowns. Gronkowski was named an Associated Press third-team All-American and All-Pac-10 first-team tight end.Prior to the 2009 season, Gronkowski was placed on the watchlist for the Lombardi Award. He missed his junior season in 2009 due to back surgery, which caused his draft stock to fall.

 Statistics 

 Professional career 

 New England Patriots 
Gronkowski was drafted by the New England Patriots in the second round with the 42nd overall pick in the 2010 NFL Draft, after a draft day trade with the Oakland Raiders; in pre-draft evaluations revealed in May 2016, Raiders scouts had rated Gronkowski as the "best all-around player in the draft". He became the highest drafted tight end out of Arizona, breaking the mark set by Brandon Manumaleuna in 2001. He signed a four-year contract on July 25, 2010. The deal was worth $4.4 million, with a $1.76 million signing bonus.

 2010 season 
During the preseason, Gronkowski was one of three NFL players to score four touchdowns, tying Victor Cruz, a rookie wide receiver for the New York Giants, and Anthony Dixon, a running back for the San Francisco 49ers. In the Week 1 game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Gronkowski caught his first regular season touchdown in the fourth quarter on a one-yard pass from Tom Brady in the 38–24 victory.In a Week 10 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers, Gronkowski caught three touchdown passes from Brady, becoming the first rookie in Patriots history, and the youngest rookie in NFL history to accomplish this feat. In honor of the feat, Madden NFL 12 has a "Rob Gronkowski Award" for players who have a tight end catch three or more touchdowns in a single game.Visiting his hometown of Buffalo in Week 16, Gronkowski caught two touchdowns against the Buffalo Bills. He recorded his first 100-yard receiving game with six receptions for 102 receiving yards and a receiving touchdown in the regular season finale against the Miami Dolphins to give him 10 on the season. In 16 games played, Gronkowski started 11 games and caught 42 passes for 546 yards. Despite missing his entire 2009 college season following back surgery, Gronkowski did not miss a single game or practice all season; he was the first rookie tight end since the NFL-AFL merger to score 10 touchdowns. The Patriots finished with 14–2 record and won the AFC East. In the playoffs, Gronkowski made his postseason debut against the New York Jets in the Divisional Round. In the 28–21 upset loss, he had four receptions for 65 receiving yards.Gronkowski was nominated three times for Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Week, in Weeks 10, 14, and 17, winning twice and losing in Week 10 to Tim Tebow. Gronkowski also finished fifth in fan balloting at tight end for the 2011 Pro Bowl, and fourth overall among rookies. Gronkowski received one writer's vote for the Associated Press 2010 All-Pro Team (writers only vote for one tight end). He was named to the NFL All-Rookie Team.

 2011 season 
Gronkowski caught his first touchdown of the 2011 season on a 10-yard pass from Tom Brady in the Patriots' Week 1 38–24 victory over the Miami Dolphins; Gronkowski's six catches accounted for 86 of Brady's franchise record 517 yards. In Week 2, against the San Diego Chargers, he had four receptions for 86 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 35–21 victory. He followed that up with seven receptions for 109 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 34–31 loss to the Buffalo Bills. Over the next four games, he totaled 19 receptions for 214 receiving yards in a 3–1 stretch for the Patriots. In Week 9, against the New York Giants, he had eight receptions for 101 receiving yards and one receiving touchdown in the 24–20 loss. In Week 10, against the New York Jets, he had eight receptions for 113 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 37–16 victory. In Week 11, against the Kansas City Chiefs, Gronkowski caught two touchdown passes, including a career-long 52-yard catch and run, to equal his 2010 touchdown total in just ten games. He passed his reception and yardage totals from 2010 in only eight games.
Through Week 11, Gronkowski led all tight ends with 10 touchdowns; his 20 touchdowns were the most ever for a tight end in his first two seasons. His reception and receiving yardage totals both ranked second among tight ends (after Jimmy Graham of the New Orleans Saints), and in the top ten among all receivers, though they only ranked second on the Patriots, behind wide receiver Wes Welker.Gronkowski broke the NFL record for touchdowns scored in a single season by a tight end when he had the second three-touchdown game of his career in the Patriots' Week 13 victory against the Indianapolis Colts. After scoring two touchdowns on receptions from Tom Brady, Gronkowski scored a third touchdown from two yards out. Initially declared a forward pass, the pass was later ruled a lateral pass, which is recorded as a rushing attempt; as of the conclusion of the 2020 season, it was the only rushing attempt of Gronkowski's career, and his only rushing touchdown. It was the first rushing touchdown by a tight end since Bo Scaife did it in 2006, and the first in Patriots history. At game's end, Gronkowski had sole possession of the touchdown scoring record, with 14, and shared the record for receiving touchdowns, 13, with Antonio Gates and Vernon Davis.
Gronkowski took sole possession of the tight end receiving record a week later against the Washington Redskins, in which he caught his 14th and 15th touchdown passes of the season; in total, he had six receptions for a career-high 160 yards. His performance also earned him his first AFC Offensive Player of the Week award, and, for the second week in a row, NFL.com's "Hardest Working Man" award. He ended the season with 1,327 receiving yards, breaking the previous NFL record for a tight end of 1,310 set by Jimmy Graham of the Saints earlier that same day. He also finished with 18 total touchdowns, 17 receiving—both NFL records for tight ends. Gronkowski's 18 touchdowns were the second-highest total in the NFL (after Philadelphia's LeSean McCoy, who had 20), and equaled the output of the entire St. Louis Rams team. His 17 receiving touchdowns were the most of any NFL player in 2011, marking the first time in NFL history a tight end had sole possession of the league lead.Gronkowski was voted the starting tight end for the AFC at the 2012 Pro Bowl. One of eight Patriots players voted to the Pro Bowl, he finished fan voting with 936,886 votes, more than triple the number received by the number two tight end, Gronkowski's teammate Aaron Hernandez, and the third-highest total of any AFC player, behind teammates Tom Brady and Wes Welker. He was also voted the tight end for the AP All-Pro first team, receiving 44½ of the 50 votes (44 voters voted for Gronkowski; 5 voters voted for Jimmy Graham, and one voter split a vote between the two). He was ranked 21st by his fellow players on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2012.

 2011 postseason 
In the Patriots' first playoff game, a 45–10 rout of the Denver Broncos in the Divisional Round, Gronkowski tied an NFL post-season record, catching three touchdown passes as part of a 10-catch, 145-yard effort. Gronkowski alone had more catches than the entire Broncos offense, as quarterback Tim Tebow completed just 9 of 26 passes. In the AFC Championship, a 23–20 win over the Baltimore Ravens, Gronkowski suffered a high ankle sprain on a tackle by Ravens safety Bernard Pollard; the status of his ankle was one of the major story lines in the run-up to Super Bowl XLVI. Gronkowski still managed to finish with five receptions for 87 yards. In Super Bowl XLVI, the Patriots decided to start Gronkowski, but he wasn't a large factor in the game. With only a few seconds left in the Super Bowl XLVI, Gronkowski had a chance on Tom Brady's Hail Mary as time expired, but his dive for the ball came up short. Gronkowski finished the game with two receptions for 26 yards, which was his lowest output since early October. The Patriots lost the Super Bowl to the New York Giants, 21–17. A few days after the Super Bowl, Gronkowski had an MRI of his injured ankle that revealed strained ligaments and required surgery to repair.

 2012 season 
On June 8, 2012, Gronkowski signed a six-year, $54 million contract extension, the largest ever for an NFL tight end. The contract included an $8 million signing bonus, but otherwise left the 2012 and 2013 seasons of his rookie contract intact. Gronkowski started the season with receiving touchdowns in consecutive games, a 34–13 victory over the Tennessee Titans and a 20–18 loss to the Arizona Cardinals. In Week 4, he had five receptions for 104 receiving yards and one receiving touchdown in a 52–28 victory over the Buffalo Bills. In Week 7, against the New York Jets, he had six receptions for 78 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 29–26 victory. In Week 8, against the St. Louis Rams, he had eight receptions for 146 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 45–7 victory.In the Patriots' 59–24 victory in Week 11 over the Indianapolis Colts, Gronkowski had seven receptions for 137 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns. Gronkowski broke his left forearm late in the fourth quarter during an extra point He became the third tight end in NFL history (after Tony Gonzalez and Antonio Gates) to achieve three seasons with at least 10 touchdown receptions, and the first ever to do it in three consecutive seasons. Gronkowski returned to practice in Week 15, and participated in the Week 17 game against the Miami Dolphins, scoring a touchdown. He re-injured his left arm in the first quarter of the Patriots' first playoff game, against the Houston Texans. He required another operation, and missed the remainder of the playoffs. In 11 games in the 2012 season, Gronkowski had 790 receiving yards and 11 touchdowns. He earned a Pro Bowl nomination despite missing some playing time. He was ranked 25th by his fellow players on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2013.

 2013 season 
In February 2013, Gronkowski was diagnosed with an infection in his forearm. He underwent an open procedure—the third on his forearm—in an effort to clear the infection; he was subsequently placed on a course of antibiotics. On May 20, 2013, Gronkowski underwent a fourth surgery on his forearm to replace the hardware implanted in the second procedure and perform tissue biopsies. ESPN's Adam Schefter reported that doctors were encouraged the infection had finally resolved. On June 18, 2013, Gronkowski underwent back surgery. He was cleared to play for the October 20, 2013, game against the New York Jets. In his return, he recorded three 100-yard receiving games in a six-game stretch. During a game against the Cleveland Browns on December 8, 2013, Gronkowski suffered a right knee injury after a direct hit from safety T. J. Ward. Gronkowski tore his ACL and MCL, which prematurely ended his 2013 season. In seven games, Gronkowski produced 592 receiving yards and four receiving touchdowns in six starts. Gronkowski was ranked 41st by his fellow players on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2014.

 2014 season 
In his first game back from ACL/MCL surgery, Gronkowski managed to catch four passes for 40 receiving yards and a receiving touchdown against the Miami Dolphins in a losing effort, 33–20. He played on limited snaps as the Patriots worked him back to full strength slowly. Against the Minnesota Vikings in Week 2, Gronkowski had four receptions for 32 receiving yards in a 30–7 win. Against the Oakland Raiders in Week 3, Gronkowski had three receptions for 44 yards and his second touchdown of the season, and the only touchdown scored in the Patriots' 16–9 victory. Through Week 3, Gronkowski logged one start, 11 receptions, 116 receiving yards, and two receiving touchdowns on only 109 offensive snaps (42% of the team's offensive total). Gronkowski broke out in Week 8 against the Chicago Bears, catching nine passes for 149 yards and three receiving touchdowns in the 51–23 victory. In Week 14 against the San Diego Chargers, Gronkowski became the first tight end in NFL history to catch at least 10 touchdowns in four separate seasons. In the 23–14 victory, he had eight receptions for 87 yards and a touchdown. He finished the season with 82 receptions for 1,124 receiving yards and 12 receiving touchdowns. The Patriots finished with a 12–4 record and won the AFC East. Gronkowski earned his third Pro Bowl nomination and his second First Team-All Pro nomination for his 2014 season. His All-Pro nomination was unanimous, receiving all 50 votes. At the 2015 ESPY Awards, Gronkowski won the Comeback Player of the Year award for his 2014 season. He was ranked 10th by his fellow players on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2015.

 2014 postseason 
In the Divisional Round against the Baltimore Ravens, he had seven receptions for 108 yards and a touchdown in the 35–31 victory. In the AFC Championship against the Indianapolis Colts, he had three receptions for 28 yards and a touchdown in the 45–7 victory. Gronkowski was a major factor in the Patriots' 28–24 Super Bowl XLIX win over the Seattle Seahawks, recording 6 catches for 68 yards and a touchdown late in the second quarter. Gronkowski was fined twice this season, once for "unnecessary roughness" against Indianapolis Colts safety Sergio Brown, and the other time occurring during Super Bowl XLIX. Gronkowski, among three others, was fined $8,628 for "striking an opponent".

 2015 season 
During the Patriots' home opener on Thursday Night Football against the Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10, 2015, Gronkowski caught five passes for 94 yards, scoring three of the Patriots' four touchdowns in their 28–21 victory. The three-touchdown performance was the third in Gronkowski's career, one shy of wide receiver Randy Moss's team record of four. It also made Gronkowski the first player in NFL history with multiple three-touchdown-reception games against the Steelers. Through the Patriots' first six games, all victories, Gronkowski recorded 34 receptions for 533 yards and six touchdowns. He added 113 yards and a touchdown on October 29 in a 36–7 win over the Miami Dolphins. In the Patriots' first loss of the season, on November 29, 2015, against the Denver Broncos, Gronkowski had to be carted off the field after a right knee injury in the fourth quarter. Initial reports said that the injury appeared to be less serious than it originally looked.After missing a week, Gronkowski returned for the Patriots' December 13 game against the Houston Texans. He caught four passes for 87 yards and a touchdown, for a total of 10 touchdowns and 1,018 yards on the season. The Patriots won, 27–6, to snap a two-game losing streak.On December 20, Gronkowski caught five passes for 54 yards and one touchdown in a 33–16 win over the Tennessee Titans. He dedicated the touchdown to his friend Dana Parenteau, who had died at the age of 43 two days earlier.In the Patriots' 27–20 win over the Kansas City Chiefs in the Divisional Round, Gronkowski caught seven passes for 83 yards and two touchdowns. In the AFC Championship, a 20–18 loss to the Denver Broncos, Gronkowski led all receivers with eight catches for 144 yards and a receiving touchdown. Gronkowski had the Patriots' final touchdown to put the Patriots within two points, but the resulting two-point conversion was unsuccessful.Gronkowski was selected to the Pro Bowl and to the AP All-Pro first team for the fourth time in his career; he led all non-quarterbacks in fan voting for the Pro Bowl, and received 48 of 50 All-Pro votes at tight end. He was ranked as the ninth best player on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2016.

 2016 season 
Gronkowski missed the first two games of the 2016 season due to a hamstring injury and was limited in his next two games. Against the Buffalo Bills in Week 8, Gronkowski scored the 69th regular-season touchdown of his career, which was also his 68th receiving touchdown. The touchdown broke both Patriots franchise records set by Stanley Morgan. In Week 10 against the Seattle Seahawks, he took a big hit to the chest by Earl Thomas which was initially thought to be a punctured lung but turned out to be a pulmonary contusion, keeping him out in Week 11. In Week 12 against the New York Jets, he suffered a back injury at the beginning of the second half, which needed surgery to repair a herniated disk, and was out for the season. He was officially placed on injured reserve on December 3, 2016, after having surgery the previous day. He finished the season with 25 receptions on 38 targets for 540 yards and three touchdowns. His 21.6 yards per reception ranked first among NFL tight ends in 2016. Gronkowski was on injured reserve when the Patriots won Super Bowl LI on February 5, 2017. In the game, the Patriots defeated the Atlanta Falcons by a score of 34–28, earning Gronkowski his second Super Bowl championship. Despite missing eight games, Gronkowski was still ranked 23rd by his peers on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2017.

 2017 season 
Gronkowski began the 2017 season healthy after missing much of the previous season on the injured reserve list. Gronkowski injured his groin during a Week 2 victory over the New Orleans Saints, leaving the game early, but the injury did not result in missing any further games. Before the injury, he had recorded six receptions for 116 yards and a 53-yard touchdown. By the end of Week 4, he was occupying his familiar role as the team leader in receptions and receiving yardage, but a thigh contusion suffered in practice prior to the Thursday Night Football game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 5 caused him to miss that game entirely. In Week 6, Gronkowski caught six passes for 83 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns as the Patriots defeated the New York Jets by a score of 24–17. His 33-yard catch put the Patriots in the lead as well as overcoming a 14-point deficit. In Week 12, against the Miami Dolphins, Gronkowski caught five passes for 82 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns. This was his 16th multiple touchdown game, which broke the franchise record previously held by Randy Moss.During Week 13 against the Buffalo Bills, Gronkowski had nine receptions for 147 receiving yards as the Patriots won 23–3. However, after Bills rookie cornerback Tre'Davious White intercepted a pass intended for Gronkowski during the fourth quarter, Gronkowski responded by jumping elbow-first onto White, drawing a personal foul penalty and giving White a concussion. Gronkowski was upset, claiming that White should have been flagged for a pass interference penalty. On December 4, the day after the game, Gronkowski was suspended for one game for his hit on White. The next day, December 5, the NFL denied Gronkowski's appeal of the one-game suspension. With Gronkowski suspended for the Patriots' Week 14 game against the Miami Dolphins, the Patriots lost 20–27.The following week, in a 27–24 win on the road against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Gronkowski caught nine passes for a career-high 168 yards. Gronkowski caught three consecutive passes for 69 yards on the Patriots' game-winning drive, and then caught the ensuing two-point conversion to put the Patriots up by 3. He eclipsed the 1,000-yard mark on the season for the fourth time in his career, joining Tony Gonzalez and Jason Witten as the only NFL tight ends with four 1,000-yard seasons. His performance in Week 15 earned him AFC Offensive Player of the Week. On December 19, 2017, Gronkowski was named to his fifth Pro Bowl. He finished the 2017 season with 69 receptions for 1,084 yards, most among tight ends, and eight touchdowns. In January 2018, he was named to the Associated Press' All-Pro First Team, earning him a $2.5 million incentive that was added to his contract during the 2017 offseason. The Patriots finished with a 13–3 record and earned a first round bye. In the Divisional Round against the Tennessee Titans, he finished with six receptions for receiving 81 yards and a receiving touchdown in the 35–14 victory. On January 21, 2018, Gronkowski suffered a concussion on a 21-yard reception during the AFC Championship Game against the Jacksonville Jaguars, being placed on concussion protocol, and did not return to the game. He would be cleared from the protocol just in time for Super Bowl LII against the Philadelphia Eagles. During the Super Bowl, he finished with 116 receiving yards and two touchdowns. In the closing seconds, he attempted to catch a Hail Mary pass, but failed, and the Patriots lost 41–33. He was ranked 15th by his fellow players on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2018.

 2018 season 
The Patriots agreed to trade Gronkowski to the Detroit Lions in the offseason but the deal fell through after the tight end threatened to retire.On April 24, Gronkowski announced that he had met with head coach Bill Belichick and that he would return for the 2018 season. He returned to practice on June 5 after skipping minicamp, confirming his return.  In the opening game against the Houston Texans, Gronkowski had seven receptions for 123 yards and one touchdown in a 27–20 victory. He also fumbled for the first time since 2012. However, in his next six games, Gronkowski had some limited production, totaling 22 receptions for 325 yards with no touchdowns. He scored his second touchdown of the season in the Week 12 victory over the New York Jets. In Week 14, against the Miami Dolphins, he had eight receptions for 107 receiving yards and a receiving touchdown in the 34–33 loss. In the loss, a last-second victory by the Dolphins, Gronkowski unsuccessfully was the last line of defense on the game-winning play. This stemmed from Gronkowski often taking the field as a hybrid safety to defend against Hail Mary passes. In the 2018 season, he finished with 47 receptions for 682 receiving yards and three receiving touchdowns.The Patriots made the playoffs as the #2-seed in the AFC. In the Divisional Round against the Los Angeles Chargers, he had a 25-yard reception in the 41–28 victory. In the AFC Championship against the Kansas City Chiefs, he had six receptions for 79 receiving yards in the 37–31 overtime victory. During Super Bowl LIII against the Los Angeles Rams, Gronkowski finished with 87 receiving yards as the Patriots won 13–3. In the process, he set the record for catches and yards for tight ends in the Super Bowl with 23 catches and 297 yards. Gronkowski's biggest moment came when, with the score tied at 3 in the fourth quarter, he had a 29-yard catch from Tom Brady which took the Patriots to the two-yard line and set up the game's only touchdown, with Sony Michel scoring on a two-yard rush to put the Patriots ahead.

 Initial retirement 

On March 24, 2019, after nine seasons, Gronkowski announced his retirement from the NFL, at 29 years old, via Instagram. He further elaborated on his decision five months later, saying that the pain and injuries he had suffered throughout his career had taken a toll on his mental health:

"I was not in a good place. Football was bringing me down, and I didn't like it. I was losing that joy in life... I could play right now if I wanted to play. I'm feeling good. Physically, I could do it. Mentally-wise, desire-wise, it's not there... I am very satisfied with where I am in life right now. I truly believe going through those tough times, nine years, off the field, on the field, has brought me to this point. I believe I'm on the right path in my life." 

 Tampa Bay Buccaneers 

 2020 season 
On April 21, 2020, the Patriots, which still held Gronkowski's rights, traded him to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers along with a seventh-round pick in exchange for a compensatory fourth round pick in the 2020 NFL Draft. The trade reunited him with his former Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, who had signed with the Buccaneers a month prior. Head coach Bruce Arians stated that it was Brady himself who was adamant for the team to trade for Gronkowski.On October 18, 2020, Gronkowski caught five passes for 78 yards and his first touchdown with the Buccaneers in a 38–10 victory over the Green Bay Packers. It was Gronkowski's first touchdown catch since December 9, 2018, against the Miami Dolphins.
In Week 12 against the Kansas City Chiefs, Gronkowski recorded six catches for 106 yards during the 27–24 loss.
In Week 16 against the Detroit Lions, Gronkowski recorded two catches for 58 yards that both resulted in touchdowns during the 47–7 win. Overall, he finished with 45 receptions for 623 receiving yards and seven receiving touchdowns.Gronkowski's 29-yard catch towards the end of the fourth quarter of the NFC Championship Game set up the critical lead-extending field goal for Ryan Succop, with the Buccaneers winning 31–26 over the Packers.Gronkowski caught two of the three touchdown passes thrown by Tom Brady in the Buccaneers' 31–9 victory over the Chiefs in Super Bowl LV. This gave him and Brady sole possession of the record for most postseason touchdowns between a quarterback and receiver, with 14. The duo was previously tied with Joe Montana and Jerry Rice for 12 postseason touchdowns. Gronkowski became the first player in NFL history to catch a pass in five different Super Bowls.

 2021 season and second retirement 
On March 22, 2021, Gronkowski re-signed with the Buccaneers on a one-year deal worth $10 million.Though the 2020 season had been a rare season in which Gronkowski played all sixteen games, 2021 proved much more problematic for Gronkowski in terms of his health.  The first two games were injury free.  During the season opener against the Dallas Cowboys, Gronkowski had eight receptions for 90 yards and two touchdowns in a 31–29 victory. In Week 2, during a 48–25 win against the Atlanta Falcons, Gronkowski had four catches for 39 yards and two touchdowns. However, in a Week 3 game versus the Los Angeles Rams, he took a hit that resulted in multiple rib fractures and a punctured lung, which kept him essentially out of action for the next seven weeks, including a game against his former team in Foxborough, with the notable exception of an abortive attempt to return in Week 8, in which he played only a handful of snaps.  When he returned in earnest in Week 11, he made six receptions on eight targets for 71 yards in a win over the New York Giants.  He had his first 100+ yard receiving game in Week 12 against the Indianapolis Colts, leading all receivers with 123 yards on seven receptions, and followed that with his third multiple-touchdown game of the season, netting two end zone visits among his four catches for 58 yards in Week 13 against the Atlanta Falcons.  This brought the Brady-Gronkowski connection to a total of 90 regular-season touchdowns, moving them on to second place on the all-time quarterback-receiver list, behind only Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison. He finished the 2021 season with 55 receptions for 802 receiving yards and six receiving touchdowns. In the Wild Card Round against the Philadelphia Eagles, he had a receiving touchdown in the 31–15 victory. In the Divisional Round against the Los Angeles Rams, he had four receptions for 85 yards in the 30–27 loss to the eventual Super Bowl champions.Gronkowski announced his retirement for a second time on June 21, 2022.

 NFL career statistics 

 Regular season 

 Postseason 

 Records 

 NFL records 

 Game/single-season records 
First tight end to lead the league in receiving touchdowns (2011)
Most touchdown receptions by a tight end in season: 17 (2011)

 Post-season records 
Most receptions by a tight end in Super Bowl history: 23
Most receiving yards by a tight end in Super Bowl history: 297
First tight end with 1,000+ career postseason receiving yards
Most career postseason receiving yards by a tight end: 1,163

 Patriots franchise records 
Most career touchdown receptions: 79
Most games with multiple touchdowns: 16
Most games with 100+ receiving yards by a tight end: 26
Highest receiving yards per game average for a tight end (season): 82.9 (2011)

 Awards and honors 
NFL

4× Super Bowl champion (XLIX, LI, LIII, LV)
4× First-team All-Pro (2011, 2014, 2015, 2017)
5× Pro Bowl selection (2011, 2012, 2014, 2015, 2017)
NFL Comeback Player of the Year (2014)
NFL 2010s All-Decade Team
NFL 100th Anniversary All-Time Team
New England Patriots All-2010s Team
New England Patriots All-Dynasty TeamNCAA

First-team All-Pac-10 (2008)WWE

WWE 24/7 Champion
2020 Slammy Award – Celebrity Appearance of the YearMedia

2021 ESPY Award – Outstanding Team (with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers)Organizational

2019 USO-Metro Merit Award

 Football legacy 
Described as an "NFL supernova," a "sui generis," a "gold standard," a "generational marvel," and an "on-field force of nature," Gronkowski revolutionized the tight end position and became the envisioned archetype for which the position could and should be. For ESPN, "it felt like the tight end position was invented in response to his rare gifts, the singular marriage of power and grace he brought to the game."Gronkowski was widely praised for his versatility, having both the catching dexterity of a wide receiver and the blocking skills of an offensive lineman. Such abilities, both played on elite levels, made him the most complete, all-around, and true tight end, unlike other players of his position who were either only a receiver or blocker. Big, strong and agile at 6'6" and 265-pounds with hands measuring 10 ¾ inches from thumb to pinkie, he has been compared to NBA's LeBron James and Shaquille O'Neal as one of the most physically gifted athletes in American sports history. Gronkowski is also known for his high football IQ and has been acknowledged for his intelligent and versatile route-running. A consummate teammate, he is known for his infectious positivity, with Bill Belichick remarking “In the ultimate team sport, Rob was a great, great teammate. His production spoke for itself, but his daily attitude, unmistakably positive energy wherever he went and toward whoever he touched will never be forgotten.” He was the highest ranked tight end in the annual NFL Top 100 Players five times, as voted by his peers. The Patriots also included him in its 2010s All-Decade Team. Regarded as one of football's finest players, he has set several NFL records and was selected not only in the NFL 2010s All-Decade Team but also in the NFL's 100th Anniversary All-Time Team. Gronkowski is also widely thought of as the best tight end in the history of the game.His effervescence and irreverence made him not only a fan favorite, but also an icon and a folk hero. Gronkowski is considered one of the most unique personalities in sports, and has played with "an inimitable combination of acrobatic athleticism and reckless abandon" all the while maintaining his boyish enthusiasm and humor.

 "Gronk Spike" 
Known for his exuberant personality, Gronkowski has been credited in resurrecting the spike as a touchdown celebration and making it his own. His signature "Gronk Spike" has been a product of the less restrictive scoring celebrations of the NFL compared to high school and college and debuted on September 26, 2010, after scoring his second NFL touchdown. It had become a fan phenomenon, with MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference calculating that Gronkowski's arm moves 130° with the football leaving his hand at 60 miles per hour delivering 650 pounds of force. He is also known to dance before spiking, and in 2012 imitated a Queen's Guard which he described as "that little nutcracker dude" before his touchdown celebration while playing at Wembley Stadium in the United Kingdom.

 Outside football 
In July 2015, Gronkowski co-wrote a memoir titled It's Good to be Gronk with Jason Rosenhaus. It was published by Simon & Schuster's and Derek Jeter's Jeter Publishing and became a New York Times Bestseller.Started in 2015, Gronkowski and his four brothers operate Gronk Fitness, a fitness business that sells Gronk-branded gym equipment and has partnerships with other fitness companies including Life Fitness and Xtreme Monkey.
Gronkowski has stated that partying improved his playing abilities noting, "You go out and get refreshed, and it just makes you want to go back out on that practice field and keep going hard." During an on-air interview with ESPN Deportes after an AFC Championship win in 2012 he responded in Spanish answering, "¡Yo soy fiesta!" (literally, "I am party!") when asked how he will celebrate the victory. The clip went viral, and his Gronk Nation, L.L.C. later  trademarked the catchphrase.In 2019, Gronkowski entered ESPN's "World Fame 100" list of most famous athletes in the world; the outlet estimated his endorsement income the past year alone was $8 million. In March 2021, his first NFT card collection sold for $1.2 million.In October 2020, ZooTampa at Lowry Park named their newly born greater one-horned rhino "Gronk" to celebrate Gronkowski joining the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

 Sponsorships and endorsements 
Gronkowski has appeared in print, television and online advertisements for brands such as USAA, Nike, Dunkin' Donuts, Visa, T-Mobile, Tide, Lyft, JetBlue, Zynga, Cheerios, Oberto, SixStar Pro, Monster Energy, SMS Audio,Campbell's, Bodyarmor SuperDrink, DraftKings, Kids Footlocker, and video games Mobile Strike and Halo among others.
In 2012, PLB Sports began manufacturing "Gronk Flakes", a frosted cornflakes breakfast cereal named after and endorsed by Gronkowski. Its initial run of 64,800 boxes cost $3.99 each and available at Stop & Shop supermarkets in New England. After the success of the cereals, PLB Sports released "Gronk's Hot Sauce" in 2015. The following year Gronkowski and Monster Energy released a signature "Gronk" beverage distributed by Coca-Cola.Gronkowski has appeared for several advertisements for Tide including commercials for Super Bowl LI. He was the endorser of Tide Pods, and consequently partnered with the brand for a public service announcement discouraging children and teens from eating the laundry detergent pods after a viral internet challenge in 2017–18.In August 2019, Gronkowski credited cannabidiol (CBD) oil, the non-psychoactive component of cannabis plants, for making him pain-free for the first time in a decade, and has advocated sports governing bodies to allow players to use it for pain management.

 Film, television and other media 
Gronkowski has been featured on the covers of GQ, ESPN The Magazine, ESPN The Body Issue, Sports Illustrated, and Muscle & Fitness among others. He was the cover of video sports game Madden NFL 17  published by EA Sports in 2016 for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One and Xbox 360. The cover featured the tight end in his signature touchdown celebration called the "Gronk Spike".An erotica novel inspired by Gronkowski called A Gronking To Remember, written by Lacey Noonan, was published in December 2014. It has been read aloud on broadcast by Gronkowski himself on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, as well as comedian Gilbert Gottfried, and rapper Travis Scott.Gronkowski has appeared as fictionalized versions of himself in the 2015 film Entourage, a 2017 episode of Family Guy entitled "Gronkowsbees", The Simpsons episode "The Town", and has roles in the American crime-drama thriller film American Violence (2017) and You Can't Have It (2017) among others. He had been a co-host of Crashletes from 2016–17 on Nickelodeon and competed in TBS's Drop the Mic in 2017. The same year, Gronkowski appeared on ABC's Shark Tank.
In 2017, Gronkowski executive produced and hosted Verizon's Go90 original show MVP in which "business owners and entrepreneurs pitch their products or services to a panel of VIP athletes who weigh in with their expert opinion." It had 36 episodes in two seasons. In July 2018, he joined Discovery Channel's Shark Week where he helped tag endangered tiger sharks in The Bahamas.Gronkowski joined Fox Sports as an analyst for its NFL programming during his year-long retirement in 2019, making his on-air debut during Fox NFL Thursday. Gronkowski also co-hosted Fox's New Year's Eve with Steve Harvey in New York in 2019.A lifelong wrestling fan, Gronkowski first made a cameo appearance during the André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal at WrestleMania 33 in 2017 to help his friend Mojo Rawley. He hosted WrestleMania 36 which aired on April 4–5, 2020, and won the WWE 24/7 Championship on the second day of the event. After being the longest-reigning champion of the title in a single run, he eventually lost it to R-Truth on June 1, 2020.  Later that year he won a Slammy Award as Celebrity of the Year in WWE.
Gronkowski competed on the third season of The Masked Singer as "White Tiger" where he made it to the Super Nine. In April 2020, he and his partner Camille Kostek starred in the music video of "I'll Wait" by Kygo. He also served as team captain in the sports-based comedy panel game Game On! which premiered on May 27, 2020, on CBS and ran for one season.He co-hosted the 2022 Kids' Choice Awards with Miranda Cosgrove on April 9, 2022, on Nickelodeon.

 Charity 
Gronkowski set up the Gronk Nation Youth Foundation which is dedicated to "help kids stay actively involved in school and sports and provide them with the tools needed to help them follow their dreams and live a happy and more successful life". The foundation provides grants to sports programs with an emphasis on health, community and fitness. He stated, "I created the Gronk Nation Youth Foundation with my family and my friends, because growing up, I had a lot. I had everything as a kid, from playgrounds to sports, and a lot of people to play with, and thus everything I needed to be successful later as an athlete."Aside from his own foundation, Gronkowski has also regularly helped the Make-A-Wish Foundation and the Patriots Foundation. In addition, he annually shaves his head for One Mission Buzz Off for kids with cancer. Noted for being generous with his time and resources, Gronkowski has also made several appearances at New England children's hospitals and schools to support local charities. In 2016, he received the Ron Burton Community Service Award from the New England Patriots for his charitable works and leadership in the local community.On March 26, 2019, he accepted the Merit Award from United Service Organizations which recognizes "individuals of outstanding creative talent who are dedicated to serving others through volunteerism." On April 6, 2019, he was honored with the Wish Hero Award by the Make-A-Wish Foundation for his work on granting 14 wishes of children with life-threatening sicknesses during his professional football career.Gronkowski and his partner Camille Kostek donated more than 20,000 pieces of personal protective equipment to hospitals and fire departments during the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, he donated $1.2 million to renovate the Charlesbank Playground at Boston's Charles River Esplanade hoping that "it will motivate kids to be outdoors, get fit and have fun".In February 2023, Gronkowski formed a partnership with an animal health company to raise awareness about valley fever in animals. In September 2023, he met with members of the United States House of Representatives to discuss the development of a vaccine for valley fever.

 Personal life 
Since 2015, Gronkowski has been in a relationship with model Camille Kostek. They first met at a Patriots charity event on Thanksgiving 2013. They live in Foxborough, Massachusetts, and Tampa, Florida.In 2015, Gronkowski stated that he has not spent any of the money he has made from his NFL contracts and strictly lived off the earnings from his business ventures, endorsement deals and appearance fees.

 Selected filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Music videos 

 See also 
List of National Football League annual receiving touchdowns leaders
List of National Football League records (individual)
Gronkowski (horse), a racehorse named after, and partly owned by, Rob Gronkowski

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Rob Gronkowski at Wikimedia Commons

Career statistics and player information from NFL.com · ESPN · Pro Football Reference
Rob Gronkowski on Twitter
Arizona Wildcats bio
NFL Combine profile
Rob Gronkowski at IMDb
Rob Gronkowski on WWE.com

Mullan Pass
Mullan Pass is a mountain pass in the western United States, in the Rocky Mountains of Montana. It sits on the Continental Divide on the border between Powell and Lewis and Clark counties at 5,902 feet (1,799 m) above sea level. Located in the Helena National Forest, the pass is thirteen miles (20 km) west of the city of Helena. 
The Northern Pacific Railway (NP) used the pass for its line from Logan to Garrison via Helena, built in 1883.  This line was the NP's primary freight route and was also used by their secondary passenger train, the Mainstreeter. The NP also built an alternate line over Homestake Pass, which was used by their primary passenger train, the North Coast Limited. The rail line at Mullan Pass is currently operated by BNSF Railway; it crosses under the pass and the continental divide at 5,566 feet (1,697 m) via the 3,426-foot (0.65 mi; 1.04 km) Mullan Tunnel.
The pass was named after Lieutenant John Mullan, the U.S. Army engineer who first crossed the pass on March 22, 1854, and later supervised construction of the Mullan Road, the first road over the pass, in 1860.

 Notable events 
On September 30, 1911 Mullan Pass was the site of the first aeronautical crossing of the North American Continental Divide.  Aviation pioneer Cromwell Dixon flew from Helena to Blossburg, some 15 miles to the west, over the Mullan Pass then successfully flew back the same day. His achievement earned him $10,000, presented to him by Governor Edwin L. Norris.
On February 2, 1989, the Helena train wreck occurred when, during a significant cold snap, a train crew uncoupled the locomotives from a 48-car train due to mechanical problems.  The air brakes failed on the cars, and the train rolled nine miles back into Helena where, at approximately 5:30 a.m., they collided with a parked work train and caught fire. An explosion later linked to a tank car filled with hydrogen peroxide shook the town, knocked out power, and caused extensive damage in the community, but no deaths.In mid-July 2009, part of the Mullan Tunnel roof collapsed while it was being enlarged to handle double-stack freight cars. It was reopened to train traffic 28 days later, on August 14, 2009. 

 Second Mullan Pass 
A second Mullan Pass (47.464°N 115.637°W﻿ / 47.464; -115.637), also on the Mullan Road, is located on the Montana-Idaho border in the Bitterroot Range at 5,168 feet (1,575 m). It is approximately three miles (5 km) east-northeast of Lookout Pass, where Interstate 90 crosses the state line.

 Climate 

 See also 
Lookout Pass
Lookout Pass Ski and Recreation Area
Mountain passes in Montana

 References 

 External links 
MRL plans to upgrade the Mullan Tunnel

Mohamed Abou Gabal
Mohamed Qotb Abou Gabal Ali (Arabic: محمد قطب أبو جبل علي; born 29 January 1989), also known as Gabaski, is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Egyptian Premier League club National Bank of Egypt and the Egypt national team.

 Club career 
Abou Gabal played for ENPPI, Smouha and Zamalek. He was nicknamed "Gabaski" by Jesualdo Ferreira in 2015. In September 2022, he joined National Bank of Egypt on free transfer.In late January 2024, it was reported that he was set to be loaned out to Al Ahly due to a prolonged injury suffered by their goalkeeper, Mohamed El-Shenawy. Nevertheless, the suggested agreement fell through when Al Ahly opted to suspend negotiations just before the contract signing meeting.

 International career 
On 3 September 2011, Gabaski made his debut for the Egypt national football team in a 2–1 away defeat by Sierra Leone, in the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification. He didn't make another appearance for Egypt until 10 years later, on 30 September 2021, when he came on as a substitute in the 68th minute in a friendly 2–0 home win against Liberia. Less than two weeks later, on 11 October, he made his third appearance for Egypt coming on as a substitute in the 26th minute in a 3–0 away win against Libya in the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification.

Gabaski was included in the Egypt squad for the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (held in 2022). He was brought on as a substitute in Egypt's round of 16 clash with Ivory Coast. He saved Eric Bailly's penalty, helping Egypt advance. In the quarterfinal against Morocco, Gabaski started the match before being substituted in extra time due to injury. He returned to the starting line-up in the semi-final against hosts Cameroon. The match ended in a 0–0 draw after extra-time; in the ensuing shootout, Gabaski saved 2 penalties, helping Egypt reach the final. Gabaski then started in the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations Final, where he saved Sadio Mané's penalty and produced a number of impressive saves to keep the game at 0–0 after the end of extra-time. He went on to save another penalty in the subsequent shootout, from Bouna Sarr, but saw teammates Mohamed Abdelmonem and Mohanad Lasheen miss their spot-kicks as Egypt lost 4–2. Nevertheless, he was elected as Man of the Match.On 30 December 2023, Gabaski was named in the 27-man squad for the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations in Ivory Coast. In the competition's round of 16 match against DR Congo, he missed a decisive penalty during the shootout which ended in a 8–7 defeat, following a 1–1 draw after extra time.

 Career statistics 

 Club 
As of match played 25 December 2021

 International 
As of match played 28 January 2024

 Personal life 
On 8 April 2021, Gabaski married Algerian model Samara Yahia who is the 2019 Miss Arab World.

 Honours 
ENPPI

Egypt Cup: 2010–11Zamalek

Egyptian Premier League: 2014–15, 2020–21, 2021-22
Egypt Cup: 2014, 2015, 2018–19 , 2021
Egyptian Super Cup: 2019–20
CAF Super Cup: 2020Egypt

Africa Cup of Nations runner-up: 2021

 References 

 External links 

Mohamed Abou Gabal at FootballDatabase.eu

Akram Khan Durrani
Akram Khan Durrani (Urdu: اکرم خان درانی, Pashto: اکرم خان دراني; born 2 March 1960) is a Pakistani politician who was the Leader of the Opposition in the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, in office from 2 October 2018 till 18 January 2023. He previously served as the Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from 2002 to 2007. He served as Federal Minister for Housing and Works, in the Abbasi cabinet from August 2017 to May 2018 and as the Federal Minister for Housing and Works in the third Sharif ministry from June 2013 to July 2017. He was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2013 to May 2018 from NA-26 (Bannu).

 Early life 
Durrani was born on 2 March 1960.He  belongs to Mewa Khel, a sub-tribe of the Durrani Pashtuns residing in Surrani, Bannu.

 Political career 
Durrani was elected several times to the provincial assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from his home constituency of Bannu.
In September 2002, he was elected by the Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA) as the Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa where he served until 2007. He survived an assassination attempt in 2007 when he was the chief minister.In 2013 Pakistani general election he was elected as the member of the National Assembly of Pakistan. He also won provincial assembly seat which he relinquished in order to retain his national assembly seat.Durrani was appointed as Minister for Housing & Works by the President of Pakistan Mamnoon Hussain on the advice of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on 29 August 2013.On 27 November 2015, Durrani survived an attempt on his life as his convoy came under a bomb attack in Narmikhail area of Bannu.He had ceased to hold ministerial office in July 2017 when the federal cabinet was disbanded following the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif after Panama Papers case decision. Following the election of Shahid Khaqan Abbasi as Prime Minister of Pakistan in August 2017, he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Abbasi. He was appointed as the Minister for Housing and Works for the second time. Upon the dissolution of the National Assembly on the expiration of its term on 31 May 2018, Durrani ceased to hold the office as Federal Minister for Housing and Works.On 13 July 2018, Durrani remained safe despite a blast near his convoy that killed four people and injured 32 others.He was re-elected to Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as a candidate of MMA from Constituency PK-90 (Bannu-IV) in 2018 Pakistani general election.On 2 October 2018, he became leader of the opposition in the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

 Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 
Akram Khan Durrani remained Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from 2002 to 2007. One of his work was that he declared the 'Girl campus of Khyber Medical College' as an independent medical college by name Khyber Girls Medical College

 References 

Eugene Levy
Eugene Levy   (born December 17, 1946) is a Canadian actor and comedian. Known for portraying flustered and unconventional figures, Levy has won multiple accolades throughout his career including four Primetime Emmy Awards, a Grammy Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. He was appointed to the Order of Canada in 2011, and was made Companion of the Order of Canada in 2022.Levy started his career writing and acting in the Canadian television sketch series SCTV (1976–1984), earning two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series. He also appeared in the films National Lampoon's Vacation (1983), Splash (1984), and Multiplicity (1996). He also became known for co-writing and appearances in a string of films with Christopher Guest, including Waiting for Guffman (1996), Best in Show (2000), A Mighty Wind (2003), and For Your Consideration (2006). He also appeared in the American Pie series of films.
From 2015 to 2020, he starred as Johnny Rose in the sitcom Schitt's Creek, a comedy series that he co-created with his son and co-star Dan Levy. In 2019 and 2020, he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series, which he won in 2020. He also received the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series.

 Early life 
Levy was born to a Jewish family in downtown Hamilton, Ontario. His mother, Rebecca (Kudlatz), was a homemaker, and his father, Joseph,  was a foreman at an automobile plant. He has a brother, Fred, and sister, Barbara. His mother was born in Glasgow, Scotland, to Polish Jewish parents, later moving to Canada. His father was Sephardi Jewish, with ancestors from Spain and Bulgaria.Levy attended Westdale Secondary School, where he was student council president. He subsequently attended McMaster University. He was vice-president of the McMaster Film Board, a student film group, where he met filmmaker Ivan Reitman.

 Career 
The 1972–1973 Toronto production of the hit musical Godspell opened at the Royal Alexandra Theatre and was intended to be a run of a few dozen performances for a subscription audience. The cast was drawn entirely from local performers, instead of a touring cast. The Toronto production launched the careers of many actors, including Levy, Victor Garber, Andrea Martin, Gilda Radner, Dave Thomas, and Martin Short, as well as the show's musical director, Paul Shaffer. Howard Shore played saxophone for this production. After an enthusiastic response from the audience, the scheduled run at the Royal Alexandra ended and the show moved uptown to the Bayview Playhouse in Leaside. The Bayview Playhouse production ran until August 1973, with a then-record run of 488 performances.An alumnus of both the Second City, Toronto and the sketch comedy series Second City Television, Levy often plays unusual supporting characters with nerdy streaks. Perhaps his best-known role on SCTV is the dimwitted Earl Camembert, a news anchor for the "SCTV News" and a parody of real-life Canadian newsman Earl Cameron. Celebrities impersonated by Levy on SCTV include Perry Como, Ricardo Montalbán, Alex Trebek, Sean Connery, Howard Cosell, Henry Kissinger, Menachem Begin, Bud Abbott, Milton Berle, John Charles Daly, Gene Shalit, Judd Hirsch, Jack Carter, Muammar al-Gaddafi, Tony Dow, James Caan, Lorne Greene, Rex Reed, Ralph Young (of Sandler and Young), F. Lee Bailey, Ernest Borgnine, former Ontario chief coroner and talk show host Dr. Morton Shulman, Norman Mailer, Neil Sedaka and Howard McNear as Floyd the Barber.
Original Levy characterizations on SCTV are news reporter Earl Camembert, comic Bobby Bittman, scandal sheet entrepreneur Dr. Raoul Withers, "report on business" naïf Brian Johns, 3-D horror auteur Woody Tobias Jr., cheerful Leutonian accordionist Stan Schmenge, lecherous dream interpreter Raoul Wilson, hammer-voiced sports broadcaster Lou Jaffe, diminutive union patriarch Sid Dithers ("San Francisckie! Did you drove or did you flew?"), fey current-events commentator Joel Weiss, buttoned-down panel show moderator Dougal Currie, smarmy Just for Fun emcee Stan Kanter, energetic used car salesman Al Peck, guileless security guard Gus Gustofferson, Phil the Garment King (also of Phil's Nails), and the inept teen dance show host Rockin' Mel Slirrup.
Though he has been the "above the title" star in only two films, Armed and Dangerous (1986) and The Man (2005), he has featured prominently in many films. He is the co-writer and frequent cast member of Christopher Guest's mockumentary features, particularly A Mighty Wind, where his sympathetic performance as emotionally unstable folksinger Mitch Cohen won kudos; his accolades included a Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor – Musical or Comedy and the prestigious New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actor. In the 1980s and 1990s, he appeared in Splash, National Lampoon's Vacation, Club Paradise, Stay Tuned, Multiplicity, the American Pie film series, Serendipity, and other comedies. Levy was the creator of Maniac Mansion, a television sitcom based on the LucasArts video game of the same name. He was also seriously considered for the role of Toby Ziegler on The West Wing, a role that went to actor Richard Schiff.
Levy, along with his son Dan Levy, is co-creator of the CBC/Pop TV sitcom Schitt's Creek. He also stars in the show alongside his son as head of the Rose family, Johnny Rose. His daughter, Sarah Levy, portrays Twyla Sands, the waitress at the Schitt's Creek diner. Eugene Levy's brother Fred is also a producer on the show.On December 13, 2022, it was announced that Levy would be host and executive producer for an Apple Original eight-episode travel series titled The Reluctant Traveler, premiering February 23, 2023, on Apple TV+.

 Personal life 
Levy married Deborah Divine in 1977. Divine's career has been in TV production. The couple has two children whom they raised in Toronto: actors Dan and Sarah, both of whom starred alongside their father on Schitt's Creek.Levy is an advocate for autism awareness and treatment. He was a close friend of actor and fellow SCTV cast member John Candy. Levy is a member of the Canadian charity Artists Against Racism.In 2021, he was named honorary mayor of Pacific Palisades.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Other 

 Awards and nominations 

Levy, along with Christopher Guest and Michael McKean, was awarded the 2003 Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media for the title song from A Mighty Wind. Levy received the Governor General's Performing Arts Award, Canada's highest honour in the performing arts, in 2008.In March 2006, it was announced that he would receive a star on Canada's Walk of Fame. In 2002, the entire cast of SCTV was given a group star, and although Levy is not mentioned on the actual star, he was still inducted as a part of the group. This makes him one of only four two-time honourees, alongside fellow SCTV alumni John Candy, Martin Short, and Catherine O'Hara. Levy is one of only a handful of people who have won at least five Canadian Comedy Awards, including two for Best Writing (Best in Show in 2001 and A Mighty Wind in 2004) and three for Best Male Performer (Best in Show, American Pie 2 in 2002, and A Mighty Wind).
In 2008, the Governor General of Canada presented Levy with the Governor General's Performing Arts Awards (GGPAA), a lifetime achievement award considered "for their outstanding body of work and enduring contribution to the performing arts in Canada.". In 2010, Levy was awarded the ACTRA Award by the union representing Canada's actors. In 2011, Levy was made a Member of the Order of Canada "for his contributions as a comic actor and writer, and for his dedication to charitable causes" and promoted to the rank of Companion in 2022.On May 22, 2012, Levy delivered a commencement address at Dalhousie University, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and was awarded the degree Doctor of Laws (honoris causa). On June 11, 2012, Levy was presented with the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario.On March 13, 2016, Levy took home the award for "Best Performance by an Actor in a Continuing Leading Comedic Role" at the 4th Annual Canadian Screen Awards, for his performance as Johnny Rose in the CBC/Pop TV sitcom Schitt's Creek.

 References 

 External links 

Eugene Levy at IMDb
Eugene Levy discography at Discogs
Article at thecanadianencyclopedia.ca
Eugene Levy on Twitter

Ethel and Albert
Ethel and Albert (aka The Private Lives of Ethel and Albert) was a radio and television comedy series about a married couple, Ethel and Albert Arbuckle, living in the small town of Sandy Harbor. Created by Peg Lynch, who scripted and portrayed Ethel, the series first aired on local Minnesota radio in the early 1940s before a run on the NBC Blue Network and ABC from May 29, 1944, to August 28, 1950. It co-starred Alan Bunce as Albert.
Radio historian Gerald Nachman (in Raised on Radio) called the show "insightful and realistic... a real leap forward in domestic comedy—a lighthearted, clever, well-observed, daily 15-minute show about the amiable travails of a recognizable suburban couple" which combined "the domestic comedy of a vaudeville-based era with a keen modern sensibility. Lynch made her comic points without stooping to female stereotypes, insults, running gags, funny voices or goofy plots."The show began as three-minute filler between a pair of Minnesota KATE station programs, then expanded to 15 minutes, and finally became a half-hour show during its last years on radio. Like Easy Aces, the humor on Ethel and Albert was low key; like Vic and Sade, it was constructed around such simple, often mundane household situations as efforts to open a pickle jar. Often Ethel or Albert attempted to prove the other wrong over some inconsequential matter. For example, one entire script centered on Ethel's disputing Albert's claim that he could see her using only his peripheral vision. "I realized that I didn't have to sit down and knock myself out every minute to try to think of something funny," Lynch told critic Leonard Maltin years later. "All I had to do was look around me."
Two film stars had a presence in the show. Richard Widmark, who portrayed Albert in 1944, left after six months and was replaced by Alan Bunce. Margaret Hamilton, famous as the Wicked Witch of the West in The Wizard of Oz, played Aunt Eva. Ethel and Albert's daughter Suzy (Madeleine Pierce, born in 1946) was the only other voice heard on the original series.

 Television 
Peg Lynch brought her series to television as a continuing 15-minute segment on The Kate Smith Hour during the 1952–53 season. Lynch admitted years later that she wasn't happy with the move. "Ethel and Albert was a quiet show," she told Nachman, "and I was not a stage person who was accustomed to performing in front of an audience, as comedians are. And I always felt it spoiled my timing. I would have to hold up for the laugh."The radio program about peripheral vision was only one of the radio scripts that Lynch rewrote for television. The Ethel and Albert television series was launched on NBC (April 25, 1953 – December 25, 1954). It moved to CBS (June 20, 1955 – September 26, 1955) as a summer replacement for December Bride and ended its television life on ABC (October 14, 1955 – July 6, 1956).
Scripts, kinescopes, financial documents and correspondence from the show are contained in the Peg Lynch Collection at the Knight Library at the University of Oregon. Several episodes of the television version also survive at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.

 The Couple Next Door 
The Couple Next Door was a similar Peg Lynch radio series which aired on CBS Radio during the waning days of network radio, (December 30, 1957 – November 25, 1960) with Margaret "Peg" Lynch and Alan Bunce as the married couple. Essentially, it reprised Ethel and Albert, but the new name was necessitated because Lynch had lost the rights to the original title. The CBS iteration was named Best Daytime Radio Program for 1959 by The National Association for Better Radio and Television.
Lynch and Bunce brought the program to NBC's weekend programming block Monitor in 1963, performing three- to four-minute vignettes not unlike the original 15-minute shows. Their presence continued a Monitor tradition of offering new material from classic radio favorites (including James and Marian Jordan of Fibber McGee and Molly fame, until Marian Jordan's death). Lynch returned again in the 1970s. In 1973, she revived Ethel and Albert on National Public Radio's Earplay with a 16-episode run. Karl Schmidt, the creator of Earplay, played Albert in this incarnation. In 1976, she wrote and starred in a syndicated radio feature known as The Little Things in Life, again with Margaret Hamilton and with Robert Dryden as the husband. The Little Things in Life was part of a four-series block syndicated under the umbrella title Radio Playhouse.
Very few of the original Ethel and Albert radio programs are known to have survived, but almost all of the CBS Couple Next Door episodes exist. Lynch authorized a CD release of 12 Ethel and Albert vignettes from Monitor.
The theme music for The Couple Next Door is "Miss Melanie" by British composer Ronald Binge.

 References 

 Sources 
Wertheim, Arthur Frank. Radio Comedy. New York: Oxford University Press, 1979.

 Listen to 
Internet Archive: The Couple Next Door

 External links 

Jerry Haendiges Vintage Radio Logs: The Couple Next Door
University of Oregon: Peg Lynch papers and scripts

2024 New York City Subway derailment
On January 4, 2024, a New York City Subway train derailed causing at least 26 people, mostly passengers, to suffer minor injuries. The incident happened when the first car of a 1 train collided with a disabled train that had been vandalized, both consisting of R62As, just north of the 96th Street station. Around 300 people were evacuated off the train involved in the collision.The National Transportation Safety Board, Metropolitan Transportation Authority, and other authorities are investigating the incident. They stated that the disabled train, which was heading uptown, had been taken out of service because a passenger repeatedly pulled the emergency brake, resulting in the train being stalled near West 79th Street. That train was taken out of service, and the moving train, which was trying to bypass the stalled train using the express track, hit it while switching to the local track.

 Incident 
At 2:11 p.m. EST, train 1345 performed an emergency stop due to an unruly passenger pulling emergency brake valve cords on the first five railcars. It was stated that a "good Samaritan" alerted two K-9 officers when the incident happened. The operator was unable to reset the emergency brakes and subsequently moved to the 79th Street Station to drop off passengers. A railcar inspector was also unable to reset the brakes, forcing the train to be taken out of service and moved to a railyard by using the local track (track 4). The incident forced 1 trains to be rerouted via the express track (track 3).The out-of-service train was being operated from car six in the middle of the consist by a transit system supervisor. A flagger, who was in the lead car helping to coordinate the train's movement, stated that he lost radio communications with the supervisor near the 96th Street station. Consequently, the supervisor did not receive the command to stop prior to the signal requiring them to do so at the end of the station. Trip stops did not activate due to the disabled brakes.The collision occurred around 3:00 p.m. EST when a northbound 1 train, train 1427, was switching from the express to the local track and sideswiped by train 1345. Two cars of train 1345 derailed while train 1427 had three cars derail. Train 1427 was carrying 300 passengers at the time and had to be evacuated.

 Aftermath 
The derailment caused significant disruptions along the IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line. In a press conference on January 5, officials stated that the disruptions would continue throughout the day, hoping that service would be restored later that same day. 1 train service was suspended between 137th Street–City College and Times Square–42nd Street, 2 trains ran along the IRT Lexington Avenue Line, and 3 trains were suspended between 135th Street and Times Square–42nd Street. 1 trains ran express in the southbound direction while 3 trains ran local in the southbound direction between Times Square-42nd Street and Chambers Street for the duration of service disruptions. Some 4 and 5 trains made local stops in Brooklyn and 5 trains in the Bronx also ran local.On January 5, limited service was partially restored on the 1 and 3 routes (1 trains running express in the northbound direction from 96th Street to 137th Street–City College), although service was not restored between 96th Street and Times Square. Limited southbound 2 service was also restored, while northbound 2 service continued to run via the IRT Lexington Avenue Line. On January 6, Governor Kathy Hochul announced that the MTA would restore full service overnight that same day to the early morning of January 7, and service was fully restored at 4:45 a.m. the next morning.

 Second derailment 
On January 10, a second, unrelated derailment occurred around 12:20 p.m. when the fourth car of a northbound F train jumped the tracks between the Neptune Avenue and West Eighth Street–New York Aquarium stations in Brooklyn. No one was injured.

 See also 
1905 Ninth Avenue derailment
1918 Malbone Street wreck
1928 Times Square derailment
1991 Union Square derailment
1995 Williamsburg Bridge subway collision

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to January 2024 96th Street derailment at Wikimedia Commons

Darryl Pearson
Darryl "Day" Pearson is an American record producer, songwriter, singer, and multi-instrumentalist, best known for writing and producing "It's All About Me", a Mya/Sisqó single that peaked at #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, "Part Time Lover" (a Top 10 R&B Hit for group H-Town from the 1994 Above the Rim soundtrack), as well as "Trippin' ", a collaboration between Total and Missy Elliott that climbed to #7 on the Hot 100 in 1998. His 1998 contributions to albums from Total, Mya, and others resulted in a top 10 placement on Billboard's "Hot R&B Producers" 1998 Year-End Chart. Pearson has also produced or written songs for Usher, Beyoncé, and Sam Smith, among others.

 Career 

 Music beginnings and Swing Mob 
Motivated to enter the music industry in the early 1990s, Pearson began producing demos for friends sending music to record labels in hopes of securing deals. This practice developed into a writing and production partnership with R&B group Jodeci. He relocated to both Teaneck, New Jersey and Rochester, New York to work with DeVante Swing's Swing Mob collective, which evolved into R&B/Hip-hop production team and Elektra Records label imprint Da Bassment Cru with the addition of producer Timothy "Timbaland" Mosley. Over the next five years, Pearson would be credited with creating music for various affiliated artists including Missy Elliott (as well as her group Sista), Mary J. Blige, K-Ci & JoJo, Dru Hill, Ginuwine (via an unreleased 1995 debut album for Da Bassment/Elektra), Timbaland & Magoo, and the eponymous debut album of LaFace/Arista Records artist Usher, among others.

 Melky & Day, Mya and MCA solo record deal 
In 1996, Pearson began working closely with ByStorm Entertainment CEO Mark Pitts on the creation and sound formulation of R&B Band Born In August, discussed in-depth in a July 1996 Billboard article. Pearson would produce, arrange vocals, and play all instruments on their debut single "April" released in August 1996, lauded in a Billboard review for his ability to "pair the perfect track to the group's melodic vocal inflections... result[ing in] a light, airy, and exciting track worthy of a hot summer release." Their completed, 15-track debut album Timeless Journey was later shelved indefinitely by parent label Universal Records.
In 1997, Pearson joined forces with singer and songwriter Blandinna Melky Jean from group Melky Sedeck to create R&B duo Melky & Day, and released single "I Got A Love Jones For You" for Columbia Records/Sony on the 1997 Love Jones soundtrack alongside duo Refugee Camp All-Stars. The single was a remake of the hit Brighter Side of Darkness single "Love Jones".In 1998, Pearson co-wrote and produced hit single "Trippin'" from Total album Kima, Keisha, and Pam, and was also a major contributor to Mya's eponymous 1998 debut album for University/Interscope Records, producing and/or writing 7 of the 13 tracks that appeared. These included Top 40 single "Movin On" and Top 10 single "It's All About Me". Also in 1998, Pearson contributed to Mosley's debut single as an artist, "Here We Come" alongside Elliott, Playa, and Magoo for his solo debut album Tim's Bio: Life from da Bassment, which charted on the Billboard Hot 100, as well as the UK and Dutch charts. As discussed in a 1998 Timbaland interview for MTV, "Darryl [and I] were messing around in the studio and he was humming the Spider-Man tune, 'Doomp do doomp, doomp do doomp,' so he was doing that, and I was like, 'Do that again,'... [h]e did it, and I sampled his vocals doing that and I put a beat on top of it, and we just rapped to it." In 1999, Pearson contributed 4 songs to emerging R&B singer Terry Dexter's eponymous debut album, and two songs to Shai album Destiny.As reported by Billboard in a February 13, 1999 article, Pearson was scheduled to release his debut solo album (titled Savior's Day) on MCA Records in the summer of 1999, immediately after a May 8 release of lead single "You Should Be With Me" featuring Mya, but the project and single were shelved for undisclosed reasons. Pearson song "How Many Times" was placed on 1999 MCA Records compilation Summer Heat Nineteen Ninety Nine - Volume One, but remains officially unreleased. Another album track, "I'll Give U All I Got" appeared on several MCA Records promotional CD Samplers sent to radio stations at the time, but also remains officially unreleased. His sole release as a solo act remains a rendition of "Silent Night" from 1999's MCA Records Compilation My Christmas Album. MCA executives planned to release Pearson's appearance as a single to various Adult Contemporary radio formats in promotion of the Christmas project.

 2000-Present: Later career 
After early 2000s contributions to projects from Missy Elliott and Dru Hill, Pearson again reunited with Swing Mob producer Mosley in 2006 and entered his Mosley Music Group camp, contributing to Justin Timberlake's FutureSex/LoveSounds (credited for guitar accompaniments to number one hit "SexyBack" and album cut "Sexy Ladies"), Madonna's Hard Candy (guitar credits on "Dance 2Night"), Chris Cornell's 2009 album Scream (various instruments), co-writing "Grown Woman" alongside Mosley for Beyoncé's Pepsi campaign in 2013, and co-writing "Pray" from Sam Smith's 2017 album The Thrill of It All.  In 2016, Pearson, alongside greiBO Entertainment co-producer Davis Grei, produced a video using images from Jermaine UniqueEye, Christopher Ervin and others to capture the 2015 Baltimore protests, winning a bronze Telly Award in the "music video" and "social responsibility" categories. In 2022, Pearson co-wrote "Plenty Love", a song performed by Bri Steeves representing Pennsylvania on television series American Song Contest.

 Songwriting, instrumental, and production credits 
Credits are courtesy of Tidal and Discogs.

 Guest appearances 

 Full Guitar Projects 

 Unreleased Productions 
° Ginuwine - Untitled Shelved 1995/1996 Debut Album (Da Bassment / Elecktra)

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

Naomi Smalls
Davis M. Heppenstall (born September 8, 1993), better known by the stage name Naomi Smalls, is an American drag queen and reality television personality, best known as one of the runners-up on the eighth season of RuPaul's Drag Race as well as RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars season 4.

 Early life 
Heppenstall was born on September 8, 1993, in Fresno, California, and was later adopted in Redlands. He has eight brothers and three sisters, many of whom were also adopted.

 Career 
The name Naomi Smalls comes from supermodel Naomi Campbell and rapper Biggie Smalls.

 RuPaul's Drag Race 
Smalls was announced as one of twelve contestants for the eighth season of RuPaul's Drag Race on February 1, 2016. At 21 years old, she was the season's youngest contestant. Smalls was in the bottom two in the fifth episode after she played Tiffany Pollard for the annual "Snatch Game" competition. She lip synced to "Causing a Commotion" by Madonna against Acid Betty and won, saving herself from elimination. She won the makeover challenge the following episode, where she designed an outfit for one of the Little Women: LA cast members. She reached the final three in the season, but lost to Bob the Drag Queen, and tied with Kim Chi for runner-up.On November 8, 2018, it was announced that Smalls would be returning to compete in the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars. Smalls placed high for the first four episodes, doing incredibly well but just shy of winning. She was in the bottom for the roast of Lady Bunny in episode five but won against Gia Gunn in a Lipsync in the episode six "LaLaPaRuZa" to keep her place. She was in the bottom the following episode, but was saved by Latrice Royale. She won the makeover challenge, becoming the first ever queen to win two makeover challenges, and the only one to only win the makeover challenge on each of her seasons, but she controversially eliminated front-runner Manila Luzon from the competition after Luzon had been the only queen that season to never previously land in the bottom two. Smalls reached the final, and finished as the Runner up with Monique Heart. She became the first Drag Race contestant to finish as Runner up to both of her seasons since Raven.

 After Drag Race 
Outside of Drag Race, Smalls was a co-host with Kim Chi for the WoWPresents internet series M.U.G. where they critique queens makeup looks. She makes recurring appearances on the internet series "Fashion Photo Ruview" filling in for Raja or Raven.Smalls did an interview with Cardi B for Cosmopolitan in February 2018.She started her own YouTube series, Small's World, where she documents her life touring across the country. The first episode premiered on February 16, 2018.In September 2019, at RuPaul's DragCon NYC, Smalls was named as one of a rotating cast of a dozen Drag Race queens in RuPaul's Drag Race Live!, a Las Vegas show residency at the Flamingo Las Vegas.She is one of the most followed queens from Drag Race, and has accumulated over 1.6 million Instagram followers as of October 2021.

 Music 
Smalls released a music video for her first single, "Pose", on December 16, 2018.She also appeared in Manila Luzon's music video for "Go Fish".

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Music videos 

 Web series 

 Discography 

 Singles 

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Naomi Smalls at Wikimedia Commons

Satulung
Satulung (Hungarian: Kővárhosszúfalu; German: Langendorf) is a commune in Maramureș County, Romania. Its name, translated in English, means "the long village". It is composed of seven villages: Arieșu de Pădure (Erdőaranyos), Fersig (Fehérszék), Finteușu Mic (Kisfentős), Hideaga (Pusztahidegkút), Mogoșești (Magosfalu), Pribilești (Pribékfalva), and Satulung.

 Geography 
The commune belongs to the Baia Mare metropolitan area. It is located in the southwestern part of the Maramureș County, 17 km (11 mi) from the county seat, Baia Mare. The river Arieș flows through Arieșu de Pădure village.
The Fersig train station serves the CFR Main Line 400, which connects Brașov with Baia Mare and Satu Mare.

 Demographics 
At the 2021 census, the population of Satulung was 6,376, of which 67.14% were ethnic Romanians and 23.35% Roma. At the 2011 census, the population of the commune was 5,837, more than at the previous census in 2002, when 5,409 inhabitants were registered. The majority were ethnic Romanians (75.07%); the main minorities were the Roma people (19.86%) and the Hungarians (1.59%); for 3.41% of the population, ethnicity was not known.

 People 
Daniel Boldor, businessman from Baia Mare, was born in Fersig
Blanka Teleki (1806–1862), who founded a school, was born in Satulung

 References 

Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi
Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi (Arabic: أحمد بن إبراهيم الغازي, Harari: አሕመድ ኢብራሂም አል-ጋዚ, Somali: Axmed Ibraahim al-Qaasi; c. 21 July 1506 – 10 February 1543) was the Imam of the Adal Sultanate from 1527 to 1543. Imam Ahmad (commonly named Ahmad Gragn in Amharic and Gurey in Somali, both meaning the left-handed) led the conquest of the Ethiopian Empire under the Sultanate of Adal during the Ethiopian-Adal War. He is often referred to as the "King of Zeila" in medieval texts.: 79 Dubbed "The African Attila" by Orientalist Frederick A. Edwards,: 324  Imam Ahmed‘s conquests reached all the way to the borders of the Sultanate of Funj. Imam Ahmed won nearly all his battles against the Ethiopians before 1541 and after his victory at Battle of Amba Sel, the Ethiopian Emperor, Dawit II was never again in a position to offer a pitched battle to his army: 341 : 329  and was subsequently forced to live as an outlaw constantly hounded by Imam Ahmed's soldiers, the Malassay.

 Early years 
Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi was born in 1506 and hailed from the lowlands of Hubat in the Adal Sultanate. The ethnicity of Ahmad ibn Ibrahim is disputed, with historians regarding him as either an ethnic Somali a Harla/Harari, or a Balaw. Ahmad spent a great deal of time in the city of Harar. Due to the secular rule of Sultan Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad, Ahmad would leave Harar and return to Hubat.: 165  After the death of Imam Mahfuz, Garad Abun Adashe would become the most popular ruler of Adal, sparking conflict with the ruling Walashma dynasty for seven years. As an elite infantryman of Hubat, Ahmad joined Adashe in his power struggles against the Walashma. It was during this conflict that Ahmad demonstrated his courage, intelligence and military leadership. Garad Abun, who was astonished by the military valour of Ahmad, arranged for him to marry the late Mahfuz's youngest daughter, Bati del Wambara.: xxxiii  The Adal sultan Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad is said to have established his capital at Harar and recruited a large number of Somalis into his army. Together with his Somali allies Abu Bakr defeated and killed Adashe near Zeila in 1525.: 126  The remnants of Adashe's forces retreated back to Hubat where their numbers soon rose to over 100. The Sultan attempted to pursue but Ahmad defeated the Sultan in the field;  Abu Bakr was forced to take refuge in Ogaden with the Somali nomads. Ahmad did not follow him. After raising another large body of Somali followers, Abu Bakr met Ahmad for the second time. It was an indecisive clash that only forced the Sultan to retreat back into the Ogaden and Ahmad remained in Hubat as an independent governor of the rebel province.
Upon hearing that a rebel named Ahmad ibn Ibrahim was in a power struggle with the Adal leaders, the Emperor of Ethiopia Dawit II sent his general Degelhan to  confront him. The Abyssinian campaign originally seemed successful as large amounts of women and children of Adal were captured by Degelhan including the mother of Ahmad's commander Abu Bakr Qatin. Meanwhile, Emir Ahmad had laid a trap in Hubat: splitting his unit into three, he waited for the Abyssinians to enter the region after sacking Harar and ambushed them in the Battle of Hubat. The remaining Abyssinian army who were not killed fled in panic, thus Ahmed's troops won decisively and were able to recover stolen booty. Ahmad's victory not only strengthened his
fighting capacity, but also spread his fame far and wide. The Sultan hearing about this gathered a large force of his Somali followers and besieged his capital at Siege of Hubat. Ahmad was unprepared and in a mountain encampment on Gara Muleta. The sultan besieged Ahmad and his small force for ten days, when he hoped to starve them. However, at this critical moment, the sheikhs of Harar intervened and reconciled the two leaders. Ahmad was forced to recognize the authority of the Adalite state for the first time in his career.: 327–328 This peace was immediately broken by Abu Bakr, who tried to assassinate Ahmad while he was in Harar, Ahmad fled back to Hubat where he continued  to struggle against the Sultan. At about this time a swarm of bees enlightened on Ahmad's head, this incident was considered so miraculous that people gave him the title of Imam. After much war the Imam defeated and killed Abu Bakr who fled to the Ogaden among his Somali supporters. He then returned to Harar where he placed Umar Din on the throne as his puppet. Imam Ahmad would spend the next several months in subjugating the surrounding Somali clans with diplomacy and war. He had hoped to unite all the warring Muslim nomads under his authority which he had done so successfully. The Imam was also able to start stockpiling on firearms such as the matchlock musket, cannons, and the arquebus, which he obtained from Arabia via the port of Zeila. Before  carrying out his invasion of Ethiopia, it is said he had access to several cannons as well as several well armed soldiers from Yemen. He invited the Somali chiefs of the area to participate in his jihad (holy war) against Ethiopia. Besides the Somalis, Ahmad had also incorporated into his army other peoples in the area who had been in continuous conflict with the Christian empire ever since the fourteenth century, such as the Harla, the Argobba, the Afar and the Arabs. By about 1527-9, the Imam was at the head of a strong state, with an ever-increasing sphere of influence in the interior of the Horn, and ready to lead the crucial military offensive against the Christian empire.: 85 

 Invasion of Abyssinia 

The chronicle of Imam Ahmad's invasion of Abyssinia is depicted in various Arabic, Abyssinian and other foreign sources. In 1529 Imam Ahmad finally decided to embark on a conquest of Abyssinia, he soon met the Abyssinians at the Battle of Shimbra Kure. The Emperor had apparently expected this confrontation, and had mobilized a large army to defend his realms. The troops were recruited from all over the empire and the list of Christian generals who participated in the battle includes the Bahr-Negash and other officials from Medri Bahri, many district governors from Tigray, Amhara, the Agaw territories, Begemder, Gojjam, Shewa, as well as from the frontier provinces of Ifat, Fatagar, Dawaro, Bali and Damot. Although they differ in the corresponding figures which they give, both Christian and Muslim sources are unanimous about the superiority of the Emperor's army in terms of the numbers of soldiers. Despite the enormous size of the Abyssinians' army, the Imam was able to inflict a devastating defeat on the Christians and routed them completely. Richard Pankhurst attributes Imam Ahmad's victory to the presence amongst his followers of matchlockmen. This battle was probably the first time Ethiopian forces had to fight against a force equipped with firearms.: 168   He adds that the Abyssinians were unable to endure the “Thunder of the Turkish artillery” and did not know how to cure the wounds which the bullets made.However, the Imam wasn’t able to take advantage of this victory immediately due to tribal infighting within his army. He was forced to return to Harar to resolve disputes between the different tribes that made up his army. He used this opportunity to build up an army that was loyal to him and not to any specific tribal leaders. Finally in 1531 he reconstructed his forces and was able to begin the definite invasion and occupation of Abyssinia. With the help of his advanced weaponry he was able to inflict another crushing defeat on the Abyssinians during the Battle of Antukyah which allowed the Adalites to occupy Fatagar and Shewa. The Imam then dispatched his Somali brother in law, Garad Matan, to Ifat telling him to struggle against the inhabitants until he had forced them to submit. The Adalites continued to advance northwards securing the province of Bete Amhara by the end of the year. Dawit II fell back behind the Abay River to the relative security of Gojjam. It was here in Amhara that the Adalites came across many churches and palaces built by the Abyssinians. The Imam was stunned by the beauty of these churches and according to Arab Faqih:

The Imam asked all the Arabs who were with him, "Is there the like of this church, with its images and its gold, in Byzantium, or in India, or in any other place?" They replied, "We never saw or heard of its like in Byzantium or India or anywhere in the world.": 12 Nevertheless, he ordered all of the churches built by the Abyssinians to be destroyed, including Mekane Selassie, Atronsa Maryam, Debre Nagwadgwad and Ganata Giyorgis. He soon campaigned against the people of Bali and Dawaro which was governed by Degalhan who had earlier pillaged Adal. They were able to defeat the Abyssinians in the Battle of Amba Sel but this was quite difficult as the Christians were able to inflict serious losses on the soldiers of the Imam because they held the high ground, among the dead was the Imam's right-hand man, Garad Matan. The Adalites attempted to capture Degalhan but he was able to escape through Hadiya. For the next two years the Adalites would secure the southern Abyssinian provinces of Dawaro, Bali, Fatagar, Hadiya and Wej. After the Adalites conquered Damot and subjugated the pagans of Gafat the Imam marched north with his army.: 145 The Imam was passionately interested in converting newly occupied territories as his men were made up of religious zealots. But many of the conversions were forced. While in the Debre Berhan area the Imam learned that the locals had not converted to Islam nor did they offer to pay jizya. He then ordered that anyone who failed to embrace Islam should be brought before him. Among those brought before the Imam were two Christian chiefs, finding them adamant in their faith, he then declared “We have decided to cut your heads off!” To which the Christians replied “Very well”. The Imam was surprised but ordered them to be put to death.  The Imam would then call an assembly of his Emirs, chieftains and all the Muslim leaders to state his intention of staying in Abyssinia

Praised be God who has conquered the whole of the land of Abyssinia. Now let us send to the land of Sa'd ad-Din, to bring up our wives and our children. Let us make our homes in Abyssinia. It is no longer possible for us to go back down to our country, or to leave this one.They would then make plans to invade Tigray where the Emperor now resides. He first went through Angot where he was able to convince the people to convert to Islam. He then laid sieged to the fortress of Amba Geshen, around the same time the Adalites captured the Emperor's niece whom the Imam turned into his concubine. The Imam was able to acquire newly purchased cannons imported from Zeila which helped bring down the fortress. Arab Faqih states that thousands of Christians were captured, the Imam ordered those captured to be beheaded. As the Imam marched into Tigray, his cousin Zaharbui Muhammad was killed in an ambush. The Imam grieved over his death and the next day he set out with his army eager to avenge the death of his cousin. He defeated the armies of Agame and Tembien and marched towards Aksum, but the locals of Tigray had all assembled to defend their holy city. The Imam defeated and killed a large number of them as Arab Faqih states, "Not a single one managed to slip away. They killed them in the forts, in the valleys and in the gorges. The ground was so thickly covered with their corpses, that it was impossible to walk in that place because of the dead bodies." he estimates that over 10,000 Christians were killed. The Imam reached Aksum where upon he destroyed the Church of Our Lady Mary of Zion. While in Aksum, a Balaw man informed the Adalites that the Christians had barricaded and hid themselves near the Abba Garima Monastery. When the Iman heard this news he set out to find them, when he found them he ordered them to pay jizya but they refused so he massacred them. An army division from Adal crossed the Mareb River and conquered Medri Bahri, the subsequent Adalite occupation was bitterly resisted by the locals who killed the Imam's nephew, Vizier 'Addole, sending his head to the Ethiopian Emperor. The Emperor upon receiving it had drums beaten and flutes played, optimistically declaring that the fortunates of the war were soon turning. The Imam, enraged at the death of his nephew marched with his forces into Seraye and massacred the locals.: 218 : 240 Dawit II had fled to Dembiya with his remaining followers, who were suffering from hunger and exhaustion. The Imam pursued the Abyssinians until they crossed the Blue Nile.: 307–308  After this Imam returned to Tigray where he discovered the region was undergoing a severe famine that took a huge toll on the Adalite army. The conditions were so dire that many Muslims in Ahmad's army converted to Christianity, realizing the impossibility of his position the Imam soon withdrew to the more fertile province of Begmeder.: 219  Upon arriving in Begmeder, the Imam pacified the people of Siemen and Dembiya. The Beta Israel assisted the Adalites in subduing the Christians and the establishments on the islands of Lake Tana were looted and destroyed. In 1536 the Adalites invaded Gojjam, to the south of Lake Tana, and massacred the people there. The next year the Imam went to Dawaro and stayed there for eight months, and then went on to Angot. The Emperor was forced to live as an outlaw in his own realm constantly hounded by Imam Ahmed's soldiers the Malassay, Dawit then dispatched João Bermudes, who had arrived in Ethiopia with Dom Rodrigo de Lima, to reach out to the King of Portugal for military aid.: 173 The King of Portugal would eventually send ships with 400 Portuguese musketeers, but when they arrived in 1541, Dawit II was dead and his son Gelawdewos had succeeded him.: 260   
The Portuguese led by Cristóvão da Gama had arrived in Massawa where Bahr Negus Yeshaq was still holding out. They were soon met by the Queen Mother Seble Wongel and her followers. Reinforced by her local auxiliaries, together they advanced into Tigray where they defeated a local Adal garrison during the Battle of Baçente. The Imam then sent a messenger to Gama demanding that the Portuguese force either leave Ethiopia, join the Imam, or be destroyed. On the Imam's orders, the messenger produced the gift of a monk's habit, an expensive insult to Gama. Gama responded with his own messenger, who delivered "a few lines in Arabic", stating that he had come to Ethiopia "by order of the great Lion of the Sea" and on the "following day he [Ahmad] would see what the Portuguese were worth", and delivered Gama's own insulting gift: a pair of "small tweezers for the eyebrows, and a very large mirror – making him out [to be] a woman.": 26f  The first encounter took place during the Battle of Jarte, da Gama formed his troops into an infantry square and marched against the Imam's lines, repelling successive waves of Adalite attacks with musket and cannon. This battle ended when Imam Ahmad was wounded in the leg by a chance shot; seeing his banners signal retreat, the Portuguese and their Abyssinian allies fell upon them, inflicting immense losses on the Adalites.: 41–47  Over the next several days, Imam Ahmad's forces were reinforced by arrivals of fresh troops.  Understanding the need to act swiftly, da Gama on April 16 again formed a square which he led against Imam Ahmad's camp. Castanhoso laments that "the victory would have been complete this day had we only one hundred horses to finish it, for the King was carried on men's shoulders in a bed, accompanied by horsemen, and they fled in no order.": 52  Da Gama marched southward after Imam Ahmad's force, coming within sight of him ten days later. However, the onset of the rainy season prevented da Gama from engaging Ahmad.  On the advice of Queen Seble Wongel, da Gama made winter camp at Wofla near Lake Ashenge, still within sight of his opponent.: 53  Ahmad was forced to retreat further south, where with fortune against him, the local population now openly defied him by refusing to provide him supplies or soldiers. J. Spencer Trimingham identifies the Imam's refuge near a village named Kobo overlooking the Afar Depression.: 89 : lix f. 
The Imam successfully petitioned to the Turkish governor of Yemen Eyalet in Zabid, offering "much money" and submission to the official, he received an additional 2,000 musketeers from Arabia, and artillery and 900 picked men from the Ottomans to assist him. Meanwhile, due to casualties and other duties, da Gama's force was reduced to 300 musketeers. After the rains ended, Imam Ahmad attacked the Portuguese camp at Wolfa and through weight of numbers killed all but 140 of da Gama's troops. Da Gama himself, badly wounded, was captured with ten of his men and, after refusing an offer to spare his life if he would convert to Islam, was tortured and executed.: 161 The Imam was certain that the surviving Portuguese were scattered, without their firearms, and alone in a foreign land, he concluded that this threat was ended, dismissed all but two hundred of the foreign musketeers, and proceeded to his camp at Derasge on the shores of Lake Tana. However, the Portuguese had regrouped and joined Queen Seble Wongel, who had taken refuge at the "Mountain of the Jews", which Whiteway identifies as Amba Sel. Ten days later her son, Emperor Gelawdewos had arrived. Castanhoso states that after the Emperor Gelawdewos had joined the survivors, and seeing the number of men who flocked to the Emperor's standard, at Christmas "we went to the Preste, and begged him to help us avenge the death of Dom Christovão.": 74  Gelawdewos agreed to march against the Imam. The Portuguese firearms which had been stored at Debre Damo were produced. The allied forces spent the following months arming their troops before heading to Imam Ahmad's camp next to Lake Tana. On 13 February 1543, they defeated a group of cavalry and infantry led by the Imam's lieutenant Sayid Mehmed in Wogera, killing Sayid Mehmed. From the prisoners it was learned that the Imam was camped only 5 days' march away at Deresgue, and flush with victory the army marched to confront their enemy.: 75  The Imam and his men were apparently stunned that the Portuguese had managed to reassemble and were looking for battle, according to Castanhoso this demoralized the Adalites and put fear into their hearts as "they understood well that we had only come to avenge the past".: 77 The Abyssinians and Portuguese met Ahmad on 21 February 1543 in the Battle of Wayna Daga. The Imam had an army of over 15,000 soldiers including 200 Turkish musketeers, where as the Abyssinians and Portuguese had a combined force of around 8,000 men. The Abyssinians charged but the Adalites counterattacked and seemed to be pushing back the initial assault. The Abyssinian cavalry then threw themselves vigorously into the Adal lines which pushed the Adalites back. The Imam seeing his men lose ground moved up to encourage them, it was here that the Imam was killed while attempting to rally his men, although the sources differ in how he died.: 80 
Upon seeing the death of the Imam, his followers had begun to flee from the battlefield. What followed was a devastating rout as the Abyssinians pursued the fleeing Adalites and cut them down as they ran.: 192 : 89 The Imam's wife Bati del Wambara managed to escape the battlefield with the remnants of the army and retreated back to Harar, abandoning the occupation of Abyssinia. The corpse of the Imam was beheaded and Gelawdewos ordered his head to be set on a spear, and carried around in all of Abyssinia, so that the people know that the conqueror who had wrought them such evils was indeed dead. The Abyssinians then set up great festivals across the country celebrating the death of the Imam, as Castanhoso narrates "We remained in great pleasure, seeing each day the Abyssinians delighting in that victory, and in the liberty in which they found themselves.": 82 

 Character 
Muslim sources paint the Imam as an ascetic and a model Mujahid. Shihab Ad Din notes that during a campaign in Gendebelo he rejected the inhabitants offers of gold for his wife and rebuked the protests of his top lieutenants insisting that the gold was to be used only for the jihad.: 38 Soon after assuming power in 1527 he forbade wine, gambling, and dances accompanied by drums. He also was known to patronize jurists and theologians.: 22  Shihab Ad Din mentions that he built many mosques and towns in Begemder and Dembiya during his conquest of Tigre. He was also very zealous in converting the Abyssinian population as he personally taught the Quran to the converted and above all children.: 358   During his invasion in 1535 the Imam visited the tomb of Najashi in Negash to pay his respects as well as naming his son Ahmed Al Najashi after him.: 350f 

 Legacy 
Imam Ahmad’s invasion was arguably the single most important chapter in Ethiopia's long history. The destruction of cultural assets and national pride was immense. Imam Ahmad’s invasion left an indelible mark on the Ethiopian psyche. As Paul B. Henze writes, "In Ethiopia the damage which Ahmad Gragn did has never been forgotten. Every Christian highlander still hears tales of Gragn in his childhood."  Haile Selassie referred to him in his memoirs: "I have often had villagers in northern Ethiopia point out sites of towns, forts, churches and monasteries destroyed by Gragn as if these catastrophes had occurred only yesterday." Shewan folklore portrays Imam Ahmed as a giant of mythical stature who was only halted by 500 men, on 500 horses, with 500 rifle shots.  Ethiopian chronicles claim that 90% of the Empire was islamized during his conquests.
According to Enrico Cerulli, Adal would never recover from the death of Imam Ahmad as the Sultanate of Adal was too newly established to transcend tribal differences. His successors were unable to exert their authority over the nomadic tribes and the Adalite state became mostly centered around the city of Harar. The result he claims was that the nomadic people instinctively return to their "eternal disintegrating struggles of people against people and tribe against tribe." By 1577 the Adal Sultanate would eventually disintegrate due to tribal infighting and pressure from the Oromo migrations.: 94 Historian Didier Morin states Ahmed Ibrahim who holds the title imam is often incorrectly identified with commander Ahmed Girri Bin Hussein Al Somali.

 Further reading 
The Futūḥ Al-Ḥabaša ("The Conquest of Ethiopia"): Ahmad's invasion of Abyssinia is described in detail in this book, written in Arabic by Ahmad's follower Shihāb al-Dīn Aḥmad ibn ʻAbd al-Qādir.  In its current version, it is incomplete, covering the story only to 1537, narrating the Imam's raids on the islands of Lake Tana. Richard Burton the explorer claimed that the second part could be found "in Mocha or Hudaydah", but, despite later investigation, no one else has reported seeing a copy of this second part. The surviving first part was translated into French by René Basset and published from 1897 to 1901; Richard Pankhurst made a partial translation into English as part of his The Ethiopian Royal Chronicles (Addis Ababa: Oxford University Press, 1967), and a complete translation into English by Paul Lester Stenhouse was published by Tsehai in 2003 (ISBN 978-0-9723172-5-2).
Jeffrey, Shaw (2021). The Ethiopian-Adal War, 1529-1543: The Conquest of Abyssinia. Warwick: Helion and Company. ISBN 978-1914059681.
Whiteway, Richard Stephen, ed. (1902). The Portuguese Expedition to Abyssinia in 1541-1543, as Narrated by Castanhoso, with Some Contemporary Letters, the Short Account of Bermudez, and Certain Extracts from Correa. Works issued by the Hakluyt Society, 2nd series. Vol. 10. Translated by Whiteway. London: The Hakluyt Society. ISSN 0072-9396. (collection of primary sources on the Portuguese expedition in English translation; also on Wikimedia Commons)

 See also 
Imam Ahmed Stadium
Adal Sultanate
History of Medieval Somalia
History of Ethiopia

 References 

 External links 
The Ethiopian Muslim and Christian War (1528-1560)
Somalia: From The Dawn of Civilization To The Modern Times: Chapter 8: Somali Hero - Ahmad Gurey (1506-43)

2023–24 NFL playoffs
The National Football League playoffs for the 2023 season began on January 13, 2024, and will conclude with Super Bowl LVIII on February 11 at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada. This is the first postseason since 1998 not to feature quarterbacks Peyton Manning or Tom Brady, as they both played their final NFL games in the 2015 and 2022 seasons, respectively.
In the Wild Card round, the No. 7 seed Green Bay Packers defeated the No. 2 seed Dallas Cowboys, becoming the first No. 7 seed ever to win a playoff game. The Detroit Lions won their first playoff game since 1991 by defeating the Los Angeles Rams.

 Participants 

Within each conference, the four division winners and the top three non-division winners with the best overall regular season records qualified for the playoffs. The four division winners are seeded 1–4 based on their overall won-lost-tied record, and the wild card teams are seeded 5–7. The NFL does not use a fixed bracket playoff system, and there are no restrictions regarding teams from the same division matching up in any round. In the first round, dubbed the Wild Card playoffs or Super Wild Card Weekend, the second-seeded division winner hosts the seventh seed wild card, the third seed hosts the sixth seed, and the fourth seed hosts the fifth seed. The 1 seed from each conference receives a first-round bye. In the second round, the Divisional playoffs, the number 1 seed hosts the lowest-seeded surviving team from the first round (seed 4, 5, 6, or 7), while the other two surviving teams play each other, with the higher-seeded team hosting. The two surviving teams from each conference's divisional playoff games then meet in the respective AFC and NFC Conference Championships, hosted by the higher seed. Although the Super Bowl, the championship round of the playoffs, is played at a neutral site, the designated home team is based on an annual rotation by conference.

 Bracket 

 Schedule 
The playoffs began with Wild Card Weekend on January 13–15, 2024. The Divisional round was played on January 20–21, with the winners of those games advancing to the Conference Championship games on January 28. Super Bowl LVIII is scheduled for February 11 at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada.

 Wild Card playoffs 

 Saturday, January 13, 2024 

 AFC: Houston Texans 45, Cleveland Browns 14 

This was the first postseason meeting between the Browns and Texans. During the regular season, the Browns defeated the Texans 36–22 in Houston in Week 16. Deshaun Watson, who was the starting quarterback for Cleveland since 2022, suffered a season-ending injury in Week 10. He was the starting quarterback for Houston from 2017 to 2020. In the third quarter, Joe Flacco threw back-to-back interceptions that were returned for touchdowns. This was the Texans' first playoff win since the 2019 season.

 AFC: Kansas City Chiefs 26, Miami Dolphins 7 

This was the fourth postseason matchup between the Dolphins and Chiefs, with Miami winning all three previous contests. The most recent playoff meeting between these two teams was in the 1994–95 Wild Card round, which Miami won 27–17. It was the first postseason clash between the two teams in Kansas City since Christmas Day 1971, which remains the longest NFL game played; the Dolphins won that game 27–24 after two overtime periods. During the regular season, the Chiefs defeated the Dolphins 21–14 in a neutral-site game in Frankfurt, Germany in Week 9. This was the first game where Dolphins receiver Tyreek Hill returned to Arrowhead Stadium since he left the Chiefs. With a kickoff temperature of −4 °F (−20 °C), this became the fourth coldest NFL game in history. With the Lions winning their playoff game against the Rams the next day, Miami now holds the longest playoff game win drought.With 28 million viewers watching, Peacock recorded their busiest day in history on January 13.

 Sunday, January 14, 2024 

 NFC: Green Bay Packers 48, Dallas Cowboys 32 

Coming in as huge underdogs, the Packers stunned the Cowboys and won 48–32.
After getting the ball first after electing to receive the opening kickoff, the Packers drove 75 yards in almost 8 minutes, capping the drive with an Aaron Jones touchdown run from 3 yards out to go up 7–0. After the teams traded punts, cornerback Jaire Alexander intercepted a ball off of Dak Prescott deep in Cowboys' territory. At the beginning of the second quarter, the Packers cashed in on the turnover with another Aaron Jones touchdown run, which came from one yard out, to go up 14–0. Following a Cowboys' punt, the Packers drove 93 yards and capped it when Dontayvion Wicks caught a 20-yard touchdown pass from Jordan Love, although the extra point was missed, leaving the score at 20–0. On the next drive, Prescott threw another interception that was returned 64 yards for a touchdown by Darnell Savage with 1:50 remaining in the 1st half to extend the Packers' lead to 27–0. The Cowboys did rebound to score a touchdown on the last play of the half when Jake Ferguson caught a 1-yard pass from Prescott, cutting the lead to 27–7.
In the second half, the Packers extended their lead to 32 points, 48–16, with 10:23 left in the 4th quarter, before the Cowboys scored back-to-back touchdowns and two successful 2-point conversions to reduce the deficit to 16 points. However, the Cowboys eventually turned the ball over on downs on their last drive with less than 20 seconds left, sealing the Packers' victory. With the win, the Packers improved to 6–0 at AT&T Stadium all-time (including their win in Super Bowl XLV) and became the first seventh seed to beat a second seed since the playoffs expanded to 14 teams in the 2020 season. The loss also snapped the Cowboys' 16-game home win streak.
This was the ninth overall postseason matchup in the rivalry between the Cowboys and Packers. The postseason series between the two teams had been tied 4–4, with the most recent meeting being in the 2016 NFC Divisional Playoffs, which the Packers won 34–31 in Arlington. The teams did not meet in the 2023 regular season.

 NFC: Detroit Lions 24, Los Angeles Rams 23 

This was the second overall postseason meeting between the Rams and Lions. The first came in the 1952 National Conference Championship, which the Lions won 31–21 in Detroit. It was the Lions' first home playoff game since 1993 and only their third since winning their last NFL title in 1957. It was also their first playoff game at Ford Field. This game was also notable for being the first postseason clash between Matthew Stafford and Jared Goff, the starting quarterbacks for the Rams and Lions respectively. Each had previously played for the other team before being traded for each other prior to the 2021 season. The Rams and Lions did not meet during the regular season.
The Lions wound up victorious by a final score of 24–23, their first victory in a postseason game in 32 years and only their second in the Super Bowl era. In his first game in Detroit as an opposing player, Stafford completed 25 of 36 passes for 367 yards and two touchdowns. Meanwhile, Goff completed 22 of 27 passes for 277 yards and a touchdown. Los Angeles Pro Bowl receiver Puka Nacua set a rookie record for receiving yards in a postseason game with nine catches for 181 receiving yards while also scoring a touchdown. Amon-Ra St. Brown was Detroit's leading receiver with seven catches for 110 receiving yards. Although neither team turned the ball over, the Rams were undone by an ineffective red zone offense: zero touchdowns in three red zone trips, while Detroit converted all three of its red zone trips into touchdowns.With this victory, the Lions no longer had fewer playoff victories in their own stadium than another NFL team, as they equaled the Pittsburgh Steelers who had won Super Bowl XL at Ford Field. The victory also meant that the Lions would host two games in a single postseason for the first time in franchise history. This was the first playoff victory by a team from Detroit since 2013, when the Detroit Tigers won an ALDS matchup against the Oakland Athletics.

 Monday, January 15, 2024 

 AFC: Buffalo Bills 31, Pittsburgh Steelers 17 

This was the fourth playoff matchup between these two teams; Pittsburgh won two out of the first three. The most recent playoff meeting occurred during the Divisional Round of the 1995–96 postseason, which Pittsburgh won 40–21. The Steelers and Bills did not meet during the regular season. The game was originally scheduled to be played on January 14 at 1:05 p.m. EST, but was delayed due to a state of emergency and travel ban declared in Western New York as a result of a massive snowstorm, marking the first time a NFL playoff game was postponed since the 2016–17 playoffs, a game that also featured the Steelers.The first half was dominated by Buffalo, with a Josh Allen touchdown pass to both Dawson Knox and Dalton Kincaid respectively. Allen also had a career-long and franchise playoff record 52-yard touchdown run to put the Bills up 21–0. The Steelers made it a closer game in the second half, getting as close as 24-17 off of a blocked field goal and several touchdowns, before the Bills took a two-score lead on a Khalil Shakir touchdown grab to secure the victory, 31–17.

 NFC: Tampa Bay Buccaneers 32, Philadelphia Eagles 9 

This was the sixth postseason meeting between the Eagles and Buccaneers, with the Buccaneers winning three of the previous five. The most recent postseason meeting between two teams came in the 2021 NFC Wild Card Game, which the Buccaneers won 31–15 in Tampa. In the regular season, the Eagles defeated the Buccaneers in Tampa by a score of 25–11 during Week 3.The Buccaneers made the only scoring plays in the first quarter, off a Chase McLaughlin field goal and David Moore touchdown for 10 unanswered points. The Buccaneers and Eagles traded field goals in the second quarter, after which Dallas Goedert scored a touchdown for Philadelphia. The Eagles attempted a two-point conversion using their signature "tush push", but the Buccaneers were able to pull them away. Tampa Bay's defense prevented the Eagles from scoring for the rest of the game, with the Buccaneers scoring two times in the third quarter off a safety on Jalen Hurts and a touchdown from Trey Palmer, in which the Eagles' poor tackling efforts facilitated his 56-yard run to the end zone. Chris Godwin scored a touchdown for Tampa Bay in the fourth quarter as the Buccaneers completed their 23-point blowout of the defending NFC Champions.

 Divisional playoffs 
This was the first time that a team seeded below No. 2 (in this case, the No. 3 Detroit Lions) has hosted a divisional playoff game.

 Saturday, January 20, 2024 

 AFC: Baltimore Ravens 34, Houston Texans 10 

This was the second postseason meeting between the Ravens and Texans. The Ravens won the first matchup, the 2011 AFC Divisional Game, by a score of 20–13 in Baltimore. In the regular season, the Ravens defeated the Texans by a score of 25–9 in Baltimore in Week 1. Despite a ragged offensive start in the first half, The Ravens outscored the Texans 24–0 in the second half and advanced to their first AFC Championship game since 2012 with a 34–10 rout.
Though not getting a takeaway nor recording a sack on rookie quarterback C. J. Stroud, the Ravens defense dominated Houston. They did not allow any offensive plays by Houston inside the Ravens' 25 yard line nor gave up an offensive touchdown. Houston's only points came by a field goal and a punt return touchdown in the first half. The Baltimore crowd noise also caused a litany of Houston pre-snap penalties.
Lamar Jackson had two passing touchdowns and two rushing touchdowns as he improved to 2–3 in playoff games and 1–2 in home playoff games. This was also the Ravens' first home playoff win since the 2012 AFC Wild Card round.

 NFC: San Francisco 49ers 24, Green Bay Packers 21 

After losing Deebo Samuel to injury early in the first quarter, the 49ers narrowly edged out the Packers 24–21.
In the third quarter, the Packers benefitted off a 41-yard pass interference penalty on Ambry Thomas and a 73-yard punt return from Keisean Nixon, leading to two touchdowns and a successful two-point conversion to take a 21–14 lead heading into the fourth quarter. Following a field goal from Jake Moody, Anders Carlson missed a 41-yard field goal with six minutes left in the game, and the 49ers were able to capitalize on the opportunity as Brock Purdy led his team on a game-winning drive. Although he had a sluggish performance throughout the game, Purdy completed 6-of-7 passes on the drive before Christian McCaffrey delivered the game-winning touchdown. With a minute left on the clock, Jordan Love attempted a final drive but was intercepted by Dre Greenlaw to seal the 49ers' third consecutive NFC Championship Game appearance (and their fourth in the last five seasons). Greenlaw caught Love's two interceptions of the night.
The 49ers got their first win when they entered the fourth quarter trailing by five points or more under head coach Kyle Shanahan.This was the tenth postseason meeting in the rivalry between the Packers and 49ers, an NFL record for the most playoff matches between two teams. The most recent postseason matchup came in the 2021 NFC Divisional Game, which the 49ers won 13–10 in Green Bay. The 49ers and Packers did not meet in the regular season.

 Sunday, January 21, 2024 

 NFC: Detroit Lions 31, Tampa Bay Buccaneers 23 

This was the second postseason meeting between the Buccaneers and Lions. The Buccaneers won the first meeting, which came in the 1997 NFC Wild Card Game, by a score of 20–10 at Houlihan's Stadium in Tampa. In the regular season, the Lions won the meeting between the two teams by a score of 20–6 in Week 6 in Tampa. Derrick Barnes intercepted Mayfield with 1:39 remaining to seal a Lions victory. The Lions advanced to the NFC Championship Game for the first time since 1992. This marked the first time since 1957 that the Lions won two playoff games in a season. For the second week in a row, the crowd broke a decibel record at Ford Field.

 AFC: Kansas City Chiefs 27, Buffalo Bills 24 

This was the sixth postseason meeting in the rivalry between the Bills and Chiefs. The Chiefs lead the postseason series 4–2 against the Bills. The last meeting between the two came in the 2021 AFC Divisional Game, which the Chiefs won 42–36 in overtime in Kansas City after the Chiefs offense drove down the field in the final 13 seconds of regulation to score the game–tying field goal. In the regular season, the Bills defeated the Chiefs 20–17 in Kansas City during Week 14.
In the highly anticipated game, the teams traded the lead five times. After the fifth lead change, in which the Chiefs scored a touchdown to take a three-point lead, the Bills attempted a fake punt after failing to pick up a first down after three tries on the ensuing series, but it failed. A play later, Kansas City advanced the ball down to Buffalo's 3-yard line with a great opportunity to extend their lead to two scores. However, Kansas City wide receiver Mecole Hardman fumbled the ball out the side of the end zone for a touchback, thus allowing Buffalo to regain possession and remain in the game. After the teams traded punts, the Bills advanced the ball into Kansas City territory, but their drive stalled in field goal range. In a play that evoked memories of the missed game-winning field goal attempt by Scott Norwood in Super Bowl XXV, Buffalo kicker Tyler Bass proceeded to miss his field goal attempt wide right, thus allowing Kansas City to take over with their three-point lead still intact. Kansas City then picked up a first down on their next possession to drain the clock and seal the victory.The game drew the most viewers of any divisional round game in history, with an average of 50.4 million viewers and a peak of 56.3 million viewers. The previous record of 48.5 million viewers was established in the Packers-Cowboys game in the 2016-17 NFL playoffs. The game also became the most streamed event in Paramount+ history.

 Conference championships 
Per an annual rotation used by the NFL since 1997 and made official in 2002, the AFC Championship Game was the first game being played at 3:05 p.m. EST, followed by the NFC Championship Game at 6:40 p.m. EST.

 Sunday, January 28, 2024 

 AFC Championship Game: Kansas City Chiefs 17, Baltimore Ravens 10 

This was the first time the Baltimore Ravens have hosted an AFC Championship Game in franchise history. Additionally, this was the first AFC Championship since 2017 not hosted by the Kansas City Chiefs. This is also the sixth straight AFC Championship Game appearance for the Chiefs.This was also the second postseason meeting between the Chiefs and Ravens. The first meeting came in the 2010 AFC Wild Card, which the Ravens won 30–7 in Kansas City. The two teams did not meet in the regular season.
At the end of a scoreless third quarter, Lamar Jackson threw a 54-yard pass to Zay Flowers, who was then called for a 15-yard penalty after taunting over L'Jarius Sneed. As the drive carried over into the fourth quarter, Flowers received a pass from Jackson near the end zone, but Sneed forced a fumble for a touchback. The next Ravens drive reached the red zone, but ended in an interception by Deon Bush as Jackson attempted a pass to a triple-covered Isaiah Likely.

 NFC Championship Game: San Francisco 49ers 34, Detroit Lions 31 

This was the third postseason meeting between the 49ers and Lions. The postseason series was split 1–1 between the two teams. The most recent postseason matchup between the two came in the 1983 NFC Divisional Round, which the 49ers won 24–23 at Candlestick Park in San Francisco. The 49ers and Lions did not meet in the regular season, this was the second NFC Championship appearance for the Lions and first since 1991, in which they lost to the Washington Redskins. This is the third straight season and fourth time in the last five seasons that the 49ers have reached the NFC Championship Game.
The Lions started off with an explosive offensive push that saw them score a touchdown within the first two minutes of the game; they would score two more touchdowns and a field goal to take a 24–7 lead at halftime. Although the 49ers' only managed a Christian McCaffrey touchdown in the first half, they proceeded to score 27 unanswered points off of huge plays: a 51-yard pass from Brock Purdy was recovered by Brandon Aiyuk as it deflected off Kindle Vildor on a touchdown drive, which was immediately followed by a fumble recovery off of Jahmyr Gibbs that the 49ers converted into another touchdown drive. In the fourth quarter, the Lions unsuccessfully attempted a fourth down conversion instead of going for a field goal, proving costly as the Lions would ultimately lose by three points. Both the 49ers and Lions got touchdowns after that point, but the Lions onside kick attempt with 56 seconds left was unsuccessful, allowing the 49ers to win.
The 24–7 halftime lead blown by the Lions mirrors a 49ers' 24-7 halftime blown lead in the 1957 NFL Western Conference Championship game against the Lions, who later went on to win the 1957 NFL Championship Game against the Browns that season. The Lions’ collapse in the NFC Championship entered football lore as part of the Curse of Bobby Layne superstition used to explain the Lions championship drought since 1957. In addition, the 17 point comeback ties for the largest comeback in NFC Championship history.

 Super Bowl LVIII: San Francisco 49ers vs Kansas City Chiefs 

This will be the second meeting in the Super Bowl between the Chiefs and the 49ers. The Chiefs and 49ers previously met in Super Bowl LIV in 2019, which the Chiefs won 31–20 in Miami to win their first of two Super Bowls in the Andy Reid era and first overall since Super Bowl IV in 1969. The 49ers are seeking their first Super Bowl victory since 1994 and their sixth overall, which would tie them for first with the Pittsburgh Steelers and New England Patriots. The Chiefs are seeking to also be the first team to win consecutive Super Bowls since the Patriots did so in 2003 and 2004. The Chiefs and 49ers did not meet in the regular season.

 Media coverage 
Three of the Wild Card games aired on NBC this postseason, which held the rights to the Saturday afternoon game under its annual rotation with CBS and Fox since 2020, the Sunday night game under the third year of a separate seven-year deal, and the Saturday night game, which was streamed exclusively by Peacock under a one-year deal. Peacock's game was sold on a stand-alone basis, as the league separated it from the broader TV rights deals that began this season. This marked the first time that an NFL playoff game was exclusively carried nationally by a streaming platform. ESPN entered its third year of their five-year deal for the Monday night Wild Card game, which was simulcast on ABC and the Manningcast alternative telecast on ESPN2. The remaining two afternoon games were carried by CBS and Fox.Under the new TV deals, the four broadcast television partners will now each air one Divisional Playoff game per season, with ESPN/ABC took over that slot that was previously rotated between CBS and Fox. CBS and Fox retained the exclusive rights to broadcast the AFC and NFC Championship Games, respectively.CBS will televise Super Bowl LVIII this season, followed by Fox, NBC, and ESPN/ABC under a new annual Super Bowl rotation. Nickelodeon will also have a youth-friendly broadcast of the game. CBS also has sub-licensed the Spanish-language rights for Super Bowl LVIII to TelevisaUnivision, replacing ESPN Deportes, who held the agreement for the three previous Super Bowl games aired by CBS.In addition to having exclusive coverage of the Saturday night Wild Card game, Peacock also streamed NBC's other games. All of CBS' games will stream on Paramount+, and all ESPN/ABC's games streamed on ESPN+. The league's streaming service NFL+ will stream every postseason game on mobile devices only, regardless of broadcaster.

 International coverage 
Prior the 2023 season, DAZN signed a ten-year agreement to distribute the NFL Game Pass International service, which offers live NFL playoff games. In select countries, the NFL has also signed local media rights deals as follows:

Australia: ESPN
Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Serbia, Slovenia: Arena Sport
Canada: TSN/CTV
Denmark: TV 2
Finland/Sweden: TV4
France: beIN Sports, W9
Germany: RTL
Japan: Nippon TV
Mexico: Canal 5, ESPN/Star+, Fox Sports
New Zealand: TVNZ
Norway: VGTV
South Korea: Coupang Play
Spain: Movistar Deportes
Taiwan: ELTA Sports
United Kingdom: Sky Sports

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Ravindra Jadeja
Ravindrasinh Anirudhsinh Jadeja (born 6 December 1988) is an Indian international cricketer who represents the Indian national cricket team in all formats. He is the former captain of the Chennai Super Kings. He is an all-rounder, who bats left-handed and bowls left-arm orthodox spin. He is regarded as one of the best all-rounders of his generation, becoming the fifth Indian and fifth-fastest player to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Test cricket in 2021. Jadeja was the leading wicket-taker in the 2013 ICC Champions Trophy and received the man of the match award as a member of the final-winning team. He represents Saurashtra in first-class cricket and has captained the Chennai Super Kings in the Indian Premier League. As of August 2023, Ravindra Jadeja is the 8th highest ODI wicket taker for India with 218 wickets.Jadeja was vice-captain of the Indian U-19 cricket team that won the World Cup in Malaysia in 2008, under the captaincy of former Indian captain Virat Kohli. He made his ODI debut against Sri Lanka on 8 February 2009 and scored an unbeaten 60 off 77 balls in that match. However, his Test debut came almost four years later, on 13 December 2012, against England at Nagpur.Jadeja was bought for $2 million by the Chennai Super Kings at the 2012 IPL Players Auction. He was bought by the Gujarat Lions in the 2016 IPL Players Auction for ₹9.5 crores after the Chennai Super Kings were banned from the IPL for two seasons. On 22 January 2017, Jadeja became the first Indian left-arm spinner to take 150 One Day International wickets, when he dismissed Sam Billings at Eden Gardens, Kolkata. In March 2017, he became the top ranked bowler in the world leaving behind Ravichandran Ashwin who held that position for a long time. He was announced as  captain of the Chennai Super Kings IPL franchise, for the 2022 IPL season, succeeding MS Dhoni. He however stepped down in the middle of the season.

 Personal life 
Jadeja was born on 6 December 1988 in a Gujarati Rajput Hindu family in Navagam Ghed city of Jamnagar district in Gujarat. His father Anirudh was a watchman for a private security agency. His father wanted him to become an Army officer but his interest was in Cricket, he was scared of his father in his childhood. His mother Lata died in an accident in 2005 and the trauma of his mother's death almost made him quit cricket. His sister Naina is a nurse. He lives in Jamnagar.Jadeja married politician Rivaba Solanki on 17 April 2016. They have a daughter born in June 2017.

 Domestic career 

 Youth career 
Jadeja made his first Under-19 appearance for India in 2005 at the age of 16. He was picked in the Indian squad for the 2006 U/19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka. India finished runners-up with Jadeja impressing in the final against Pakistan with a haul of 3 wickets. He was the vice-captain of the victorious Indian team at the 2008 U/19 Cricket World Cup. He played a crucial role with the ball in the tournament, taking 10 wickets in 6 games at an average of 13.

 First-class cricket 
Jadeja made his first-class debut in the 2006–07 Duleep Trophy. He played for West Zone in the Duleep Trophy and for Saurashtra in the Ranji Trophy.In 2012, Jadeja became the eighth player in history, and the first Indian player, to score three first-class triple centuries in his career, joining Don Bradman, Brian Lara, Bill Ponsford, Wally Hammond, WG Grace, Graeme Hick and Mike Hussey. His first came in early November 2011 against Orissa, in which he scored 314 off 375 balls. His second came in November 2012 against Gujarat, in which he scored 303 not out. His third came against Railways in December 2012, in which he scored 331 runs in 501 balls. Jadeja reached this milestone at the young age of only 23.

 International career 
Jadeja caught the attention of the national selectors with his strong all-round showing in the 2008–09 Ranji Trophy – 42 wickets and 739 runs – and was picked for the ODI series in Sri Lanka. His international debut came in the final match of the series on 8 February 2009, where he scored 60*, although India lost the match. In the 2009 World Twenty20, Jadeja was criticised for not scoring fast enough in India's loss to England. After the incumbent all-rounder Yusuf Pathan suffered a loss of form, Jadeja took his place at No. 7 in the ODI team in late 2009. In the third ODI against Sri Lanka in Cuttack on 21 December 2009, Jadeja was awarded the man of the match award following a haul of four wickets. His best bowling is 4–32.He made a comeback into the Indian ODI side in the third ODI against England at The Oval in London. Arriving at the crease with India 58–5 after 19 overs, he scored 78, adding 112 with skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni and 59 off only 5.1 overs with Ravichandran Ashwin to help his side reach 234–7 in 50 overs. He also took 2–42 from his 9 overs and was named "player of the match", but England won the rain-affected game. His performance in the fourth ODI at Lord's was mixed: he gave away four crucial overthrows with a poor throw from the boundary, but then took a catch on the boundary off the last ball.In the second T20I of the Australian tour in February 2012, Jadeja had figures of 1/16 in 3 overs and effected two run outs in the Australian innings. India went on to win the game and Jadeja was awarded Man of the Match, mainly for his fielding effort.After his impressive performance at the start of Ranji Trophy season 2012–13, when he scored two 300+ scores in 4 matches (4/125 and then 303* against Gujarat at Surat; 331 and 3/109 against Railways at Rajkot in the Ranji Trophy 2012–13), he was called up to join the 15-member India Test team to play the fourth Test against England at Nagpur. In his Test debut against England at Nagpur, he bowled 70 overs and picked 3/117.During the second ODI in the India-England series at Kochi, Jadeja hit 61 off just 37 balls, which took India to a total of 285. In the second innings, he bowled a spell of 2 for 12 in 7 overs, helping India beat England by 127 runs and level the series 1–1. This performance earned Jadeja the Man of the Match award.In the historic 4–0 home Test series win against Australia in February–March 2013, Jadeja took 24 wickets, dismissing the Australian captain Michael Clarke five out of six times in the series which cemented his place in the team as an all-rounder, despite not contributing much with the bat. His seven-wicket haul, including a five-for in the second innings of the final Test match, earned him the Man of the Match award. He played an important role for India in lifting the ICC Champions Trophy 2013. He was the highest wicket-taker of the tournament with 12 wickets, which won him the Golden Ball. He made 33* with bat and took 2 wickets in the final against England. He was also named as part of the 'Team of the Tournament' by the ICC and ESPNcricinfo.He was ranked as the No.1 bowler in ODI Cricket by the ICC in August 2013. Jadeja is the first India bowler to top the rankings since Anil Kumble, who topped the table in 1996. He is the fourth India bowler after Kapil Dev, Maninder Singh and Kumble to be ranked No. 1.Jadeja scored his maiden test fifty on 20 July 2014, playing against England and saving the match for India, who were struggling at 235/7. He made 68 runs from just 57 balls. His partnership of 99 with Bhuvneshwar Kumar helped India set England a target of 319.Jadeja was selected for the 2015 Cricket World Cup in Australia and New Zealand despite not being fully fit due to a shoulder injury. He took 9 wickets in 8 games. His returns with the bat were modest, scoring just 57 runs from 5 innings. India went on to lose against Australia in the semi-final. After his poor performance in the next ODI series in Bangladesh, he was dropped from the Indian team.Jadeja returned strongly in the next Ranji season (2015–16), where he picked up 38 wickets from 4 games and 215 runs, including 3 50+ scores. His strong performances were rewarded with selection for the Indian test side facing South Africa at home. Jadeja helped his team achieve victory, by taking 23 wickets in 4 games. He scored 109 runs in the series, which included crucial knocks lower down the order. Jadeja was included in Indian limited-overs side touring Australia to play 5 ODIs and 3 T20Is. In ODIs, Jadeja bowled economically in a series where more than 3000 runs were scored in 5 matches. He took 3 wickets at an economy rate of 5.35. He was the second-highest wicket-taker in T20Is, picking up 5 wickets in 3 games. In the second game of the series, Jadeja took a blinder off his own bowling to get the important wicket of Shane Watson, and he also ran Aaron Finch out, who was batting on 74 at that moment.He featured in all four tests against the visiting Australian side. He bagged 25 wickets and made two half-centuries down the order, which earned him the player of the match as well as the player of the series award in the latest concluded series on 28 March 2017.He along with Ravichandran Ashwin, became the first pair of spinners to be jointly ranked number 1 bowler in ICC Test Rankings history. On 5 August 2017, Jadeja became the fastest left-arm bowler to reach 150 wickets in terms of number of Tests played (32).On 5 October 2018, he scored his first century in Tests. In March 2019, during the second ODI against Australia, Jadeja became the third cricketer for India to score 2,000 runs and take 150 wickets in ODIs. In April 2019, he was named in India's squad for the 2019 Cricket World Cup.In October 2019, in the first Test against South Africa, Jadeja took his 200th wicket in Test cricket.On 6 August 2021, batting during the first innings of the first Test against England at Trent Bridge, Jadeja became the fifth Indian and fifth-fastest player score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.In September 2021, Jadeja was named in India's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup. His spin-bowling partner on many occasions, R Ashwin, was also named in the squad after 4 years out of the white-ball team.On 5 March 2022, in a Test match against Sri Lanka, Jadeja broke the 35-year-old record of Kapil Dev by scoring 175*. He made the record of the highest score by a No. 7 or below.
He then took 5/41 and then 4/46 in the two innings, registering match figures of 9/87 to help India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 222 runs.
He scored his first overseas century in the fifth Test match of the 2022 Indian tour of England.In July 2022, he was named as India's vice-captain for the away ODI series against the West Indies.In September 2022, Jadeja was named in the Indian squad for the 2022 ICC Men's T20 World Cup but was unable to play due to a severe knee injury. Following a five-month recovery, Jadeja returned to the test squad for the home edition of the Border-Gavaskar Trophy on 9 February in Nagpur, where he achieved a Five-wicket haul. Jadeja Becomes Fastest Indian to Take 250 Wickets and Score 2500+ Runs in Test Cricket.

 Indian Premier League 
Ravindra Jadeja was selected by the Rajasthan Royals for the inaugural season of the Indian Premier League (IPL) in 2008, and played an important role in their victory (Royals defeated Chennai Super Kings in the final). Jadeja scored 135 runs from 14 matches at a strike rate of 131.06, his best score being 36* against Kings XI Punjab. He did even better in 2009, scoring 295 runs at a strike rate of 110.90, and conceding fewer than 6.5 runs per over. Shane Warne, the captain of Rajasthan Royals, referred to Jadeja as a "superstar in the making". Warne also nicknamed him "Rockstar".Jadeja sat out the 2010 IPL because of a ban arising from contractual irregularities. In 2011, he was bought by the Kochi Tuskers Kerala for $950,000. Kochi Tuskers were terminated from the IPL in September 2011, and in the 2012 IPL player auction, Jadeja was bought by Chennai Super Kings for $2 million (approx. Rs. 9.8 crores) after a tie-breaker with Deccan Chargers who bid the same amount. Jadeja was the most expensive player of the year's auction. He won the Man of the Match award in the second match of the season against Deccan Chargers for his all-round performance (48 runs off 29 balls, 5/16 in 4 overs).For his performances in 2014, he was named in the ESPNcricinfo CLT20 XI.In a Mother's Day game during IPL 2015, Jadeja put in a fine spin bowling performance in Chennai; he took four wickets for 11 runs with a brilliant spell of bowling against Rajasthan Royals.In the 19th match of the 2021 Indian Premier League, Jadeja hit 62*, including a joint-highest ever 37 runs in the last over bowled by Harshal Patel. He later took 3/13 in his four overs and was named Man of the Match.Jadeja was appointed as the captain for the Chennai Super Kings ahead of the 2022 IPL season, replacing MS Dhoni. He however stepped down in the middle of the season, handing over the captaincy back to Dhoni. He was later ruled out of the tournament due to a rib injury. Jadeja and the franchise later unfollowed each other on Instagram, leading to reports about a rift. But the CEO of CSK maintained that he was ruled out on medical advice, and denied allegations of the rift.In the final of the 2023 Indian Premier League final, Chennai Super Kings required 10 from the final two balls. Jadeja hit a 6 and 4 to give CSK the title.

 Media image 
Sunil Gavaskar said in March 2013 that Ravindra Jadeja, along with Cheteshwar Pujara, was a role model for youngsters. Jadeja's contributions in India's 4–0 test series win over Australia in February and March 2013 were praised in the media, and Gavaskar called him one of the architects of the win. Jadeja's dominance of Clarke was also praised in the media. Jadeja was named Player of the Week by the portal Cricket World after the end of the fourth test.Since his performance at the 2009 ICC World Twenty20 event, Jadeja has been a consistent target of sarcasm and jokes on cricket portals and by Indian cricket fans. On Twitter and Facebook, he is jokingly referred to as Sir Ravindra Jadeja since an online joke calling him the same went viral. When Jadeja was out clean bowled for 16 while not offering a shot in the February 2013 Chennai test against Australia, a cricket portal described his dismissal as "Jadeja falls 284 runs short of what would have been a fourth first-class triple-century". Following his good performance against Australia in the 2013 test series, there was a flurry of Jadeja jokes on Twitter comparing him to Rajinikanth. His Wikipedia article was temporarily vandalized to mock him. In April 2013, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Suresh Raina and Ravichandran Ashwin, teammates of Jadeja in Chennai Super Kings, tweeted several Jadeja jokes on Twitter, in one of which Dhoni referred to him as Sri Sri Pandit Sir Lord Ravindra Jadeja. In response, Jadeja said in April 2013 that it was a joke which everybody was enjoying, and that he had no problem with the prefix Sir.For his flamboyancy with bat, ball and while fielding, Jadeja is often nicknamed 'Rockstar', as he was originally called by Shane Warne. His IPL jersey has the name 'Jaddu' on the back rather than Jadeja, and Dhoni can often be heard calling him this from behind the stumps. Jadeja's sword celebration has been a popular feature of world cricket over the years, as he usually brings this out after scoring a 50 or a 100. Though, he has often been criticised for his caste reference regarding the sword celebration.During the 2019 Cricket World Cup, commentator Sanjay Manjrekar criticised Jadeja by calling him a 'bits and pieces player'. The former apologised after Jadeja's performance at the tournament.

 Awards 
ICC ODI Team of the Year: 2013, 2016
Madhavrao Scindia Award for most wickets in Ranji Trophy: 2008–09
Ranked 1st in ICC Top 10 Test all-rounders (2021)
Arjuna Award: 2019

 References 

 External links 
Ravindra Jadeja at ESPNcricinfo
Ravindra Jadeja's profile page on Wisden.com (Archived 4 March 2016 at the Wayback Machine)

Mahan Air
Mahan Airlines, operating under the name Mahan Air (Persian: هواپیمایی ماهان, romanized: Havâpeymâyi-ye Mâhân), is a privately owned Iranian airline based in Tehran, Iran. It operates scheduled domestic services and international flights to the Far East, Middle East, Central Asia and Europe. Its main home bases are Tehran Imam Khomeini International Airport and Mehrabad International Airport.

 History 

 Early developments 
Mahan Air was established in 1991 as a Full-Service Carrier (FSC) and began operations in June 1992 as Iran's first private airline. The name of Mahan is taken from the city of Mahan in Kerman Province. The airline is owned by Mol-Al-Movahedin Charity Institute (100%).Three Airbus A300B4 passenger aircraft were acquired in 1999, and in 2002 A310s and A320s joined the fleet. According to the British High Court, three 747-400s were unlawfully taken by Mahan Air from their real owner, Blue Sky Airlines, in 2008, using forged bills of sale. When ordered to bring the aircraft back to Europe, Mahan claimed it could not do so because it was being investigated by the Iranian authorities for fraud, and the aircraft had to be kept in Iran.Since 2006 Boeing 747-400s, Airbus A300-600s, Avro RJ-100s, and Airbus A340-600s were gradually acquired. The airline started operations from Tehran to Shanghai in 2011, Guangzhou in 2013, and Beijing in 2014.The airline carried 5.4 million passengers in 2015 with an average load factor of 77%. In mid-2015, it had a fleet of 60 aircraft. It operates scheduled passenger services to international destinations in Europe, the Far East, and the Middle East. Mahan Air has a domestic route network too. The airline commenced Copenhagen and Paris services in the first half of 2016.

 Developments since 2011 
On 12 December 2011, the U.S. Department of Treasury announced the designation of Mahan Air as a material and transportation supporter of terrorism, "for providing financial, material and technological support to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps-Qods Force (IRGC-QF). Based in Tehran, Mahan Air provides transportation, funds transfers, and personnel travel services to the IRGC-QF."On 6 April 2016, Mahan Air was banned from flying over Saudi Arabian airspace.In 2016, besides Germany and Denmark, Mahan Air started service to Milan and Athens; and to Barcelona the following year. It operated up to 15 weekly flights to China until late 2018.During the Venezuelan presidential crisis in 2019, Mahan Air launched their direct Caracas-Tehran route in April 2019. In January 2019, the German government banned Mahan Air from landing in Germany, where it formerly served Munich Airport and Düsseldorf Airport, citing Mahan's involvement in Syria and security concerns. France imposed the same ban on 25 March 2019, and Mahan Air was forced to cancel its 4-weekly service to Paris. On 1 November 2019, the Italian government also announced that the country would ban Mahan Air flights to the country from 15 December 2019. The move came after the United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's visit to Rome, during which he urged Italian officials to stop allowing Iranian airlines to use Italy's airspace. The remaining destinations within the European Union had been Barcelona and seasonally also Athens and Varna since then. However, in April 2020, the airline lost its traffic rights to Spain as well.According to the BBC, after Iran officially suspended all flights to and from China in 2020, Mahan Air continued flying to China and elsewhere in February and March of that year. The data shows that although six flights were used for aid, four others were used to evacuate Iranian citizens from China, and there were a total of 157 additional flights with China from 6 February 2020 to 31 March 2020.

 Corporate affairs 
Mahan Air is headquartered in Tehran. Its current slogan is "The Spirit of Excellence." Mahan Air loyalty program, called the Mahan Club "Mahan & Miles", includes access to special lounges and dedicated "fast" queues.

 Destinations 
As of October 2023, Mahan Air operated flights to domestic destinations and international destinations in countries across Asia and Europe. Mahan Air served 44 destinations in 10 countries. The list includes the city, country, and the airport's name, with the airline's hubs, focus cities, seasonal destinations, and terminated destinations marked.

 Fleet 

 Current fleet 
As of September 2023, the Mahan Air fleet consists of the following aircraft:

 Historical fleet 
Mahan Air has operated the following aircraft types:

 Incidents 
On 23 February 2006, a Mahan Air Airbus A310 operating a flight from Tehran, Iran, was involved in a serious incident while on approach to Birmingham International Airport. The aircraft descended to the published minimum descent altitude of 740 ft despite still being 11 nm from the runway threshold. At a point 6 nm from the runway, the aircraft had descended to an altitude of 660 ft, which was 164 ft above ground level. Having noticed the descent profile, Birmingham air traffic control issued an immediate climb instruction to the aircraft, however, the crew had already commenced a missed approach, having received a GPWS alert. The aircraft was radar vectored for a second approach, during which the flight crew again initiated an early descent. On this occasion, the radar controller instructed the crew to maintain their altitude, and the crew completed the approach to a safe landing. The accident investigation determined that the primary cause was the use of the incorrect DME for the approach, combined with a substantial breakdown in the Crew Resource Management. Three safety recommendations were made.
On 23 September 2013, a Boeing 747-300 registered EP-MNE operating as Flight 5070 from Kerman to Medina aborted takeoff after V1 and excursed from the runway. All 443 people survived, and only 13 were injured. The aircraft was repaired and returned to service but would be involved in another accident two years later.
On 13 June 2014, an Airbus A310 registered EP-MNX was struck by a passenger bus while parked at Tehran-Imam Khomeini International Airport. The aircraft was unoccupied at the time of the incident and was repaired.
On 15 October 2015, the same aircraft involved in the Flight 5070 incident operating as Flight 1095 from Tehran to Bandar Abbas, experienced an engine failure after taking off from Tehran. The aircraft returned to Tehran and made an emergency landing with no injuries to the 441 people on board reported.  The aircraft was almost damaged beyond repair. However, in April 2021, after being in a C-Check and being repaired for over six years, the plane was re-activated.
On 24 December 2015, Mahan Air Flight 112, an Airbus A310 registered EP-MNP, rolled off the apron at Istanbul while taxiing at Istanbul Atatürk Airport. All 166 people survived, and the aircraft was repaired.
On 19 June 2016, a British Aerospace BAe-146-300 registered EP-MOF operating as Flight 4525 from Ahvaz to Khark overran the runway after landing at Khark Airport and was substantially damaged. All 89 people on board survived with no injuries, but the aircraft was declared a hull loss.
On 23 July 2020, it was reported that a Mahan Air Airbus A310-300 registered EP-MNF operating as Flight 1152 from Tehran to Beirut, was escorted by American fighter jets over Syrian airspace. The airplane landed in Beirut with three injuries reported.
On 3 October 2022, a bomb threat on Mahan Air Flight 81, an Airbus A340, travelling from Tehran to Guangzhou caused the Indian Air Force to scramble fighter jets as the aircraft passed through Indian airspace. The threat was received at Delhi air traffic control from Lahore air traffic control  when the aircraft was about 200 km west of Delhi. The flight made three circles as it waited to land in Delhi, but was denied. The flight then offered to land at other Indian airports, but the requests were not taken up. The bomb threat was later called a hoax on receiving information from Tehran and only then was the flight able to reach its destination.
On 26 December 2022, Mahan Air (W5) Flight 63 from Tehran (IKA) to Dubai International Airport (DXB) made an abrupt diversion to Kish International Airport (KIH), as it was approaching Dubai over the Persian Gulf. The Airbus A340 was reportedly ordered to land by Iranian authorities to prevent the wife and daughter of Ali Daei, Iran's most famous footballer, from leaving the country.

 References 

 Further reading 

 External links 

Official website

American Public Media
American Public Media (APM) is an American company that produces and distributes public radio programs in the United States, the second largest company of its type after NPR. Its non-profit parent, American Public Media Group, also owns and operates radio stations in Minnesota and California. Its station brands include Minnesota Public Radio and Southern California Public Radio. Based in St. Paul, Minnesota, APM is best known for distribution of the national financial news program Marketplace.

 Historical ties to Public Radio International 
Formerly, much of American Public Media's programming content was distributed by Public Radio International, which itself was named "American Public Radio", or APR, until July 1, 1994. APR was formed by four stations—the Minnesota Public Radio network, WGBH in Boston, WNYC in New York, and KUSC in Los Angeles—to distribute A Prairie Home Companion. PRI owns and produces numerous programs today, but still also distributes diverse programming from many sources. In contrast, APM, which was founded in 2004, predominantly distributes content that it owns and produces itself; exceptions include The Story with Dick Gordon (which ended production in October 2013), the distribution to US stations of the BBC World Service, and the BBC Proms broadcasts from Royal Albert Hall in London.The split happened as MPR and PRI began seeing each other more as potential competitors after MPR lost the partnership to WGBH to produce The World, and MPR purchased PRI-distributed Marketplace for its own distribution channels.

 APM Reports 
APM Reports is the investigative journalism unit of APM, based in St. Paul, Minnesota. Established in November 2015, APM Reports' journalists are drawn from Minnesota Public Radio and the former American RadioWorks. It produces documentary as well as investigative journalism. In 2019, APM Reports journalists Madeleine Baran and Samara Freemark received a Polk Award for season 2 of In the Dark, their investigation into the case of Curtis Flowers, who was tried six times for a quadruple murder in Winona, Mississippi in 1996. This was the first Polk Award given to a podcast. The In the Dark journalists also won two Peabody Awards, in 2016 and 2020, for the first and second seasons of In the Dark. In 2023, the APM Reports Educational Team with journalist Emily Hanford won a Edward R. Murrow Award (Radio Television Digital News Association) for Sold a Story: How Teaching Kids to Read Went So Wrong.

 APM Research Lab 
APM Research Lab is the research and data journalism unit of American Public Media. The Lab was established in 2017 under the leadership of American Public Media Group's CEO Jon McTaggart and EVP Dave Kansas with the hiring of its inaugural Managing Partner, Craig Helmstetter. The Lab was created to further strengthen APM's commitment to factual information as indicated by the tagline "bringing facts into focus." The unit has conducted several research projects in collaboration with newsrooms within the American Public Media Group and beyond, including partnerships with Marketplace, Minnesota Public Radio News, and PBS/Frontline and the Texas Newsroom.In 2020 the Lab began publishing a project called Color of Coronavirus that tracks deaths due to COVID-19 by race and ethnicity in each U.S. state as well as the nation as a whole. This project has been cited hundreds of times, including by The Guardian, The Atlantic, Newsweek, The Washington Post, The New York Times, and the Journal of the American Medical Association.

 Classical South Florida 
Until July 2015, APM operated Classical South Florida (WMLV-FM 89.7), which was sold to Educational Media Foundation, a California-based religious broadcasting company that airs contemporary Christian music; it now brands itself as a K-Love station.

 Programs distributed 
APM also distributes:

Several specials are also distributed by APM on a less frequent basis, including a number of Christmas programs, Giving Thanks at Thanksgiving, and the BBC Proms.

 People 
Madeleine Baran, host and lead reporter of In The Dark
Lynne Rossetto Kasper, former host of The Splendid Table
Francis Lam, host of The Splendid Table
Nora McInerny, host of Terrible, Thanks for Asking
John Moe, former host of Hilarious World of Depression
Kai Ryssdal, host of Marketplace and co-host of Make Me Smart
Molly Wood, former Marketplace tech correspondent and former co-host of Make Me Smart with Kai and Molly
Dave Kansas, former President of American Public Media

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 
Official website 
Current, the newspaper about public TV and radio in the United States

Twin Cities Gay Men's Chorus
The Twin Cities Gay Men's Chorus (TCGMC) is a choral group in Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota. The all-male chorus sings a variety of songs arranged for TTBB, ranging from Broadway show tunes to Latin motets to original compositions specially commissioned by the Chorus or written by its members.
With 180 volunteer singing members, the Chorus produces and presents a full concert season every year and is also featured at a number of other special appearances and outreach programs locally, throughout the Midwest and the nation.TCGMC is a member-driven organization governed by a 24-member Board of Directors composed of 50% singing members. Its current Artistic Director is Dr. Gerald Gurss, and its Executive Director is Kevin Stocks.

 History 
The Twin Cities Gay Men's Chorus was formed in 1981 as Twin Cities Men's Chorus, adding the word "gay" to their title in 1991. TCGMC has grown to be one of the largest GLBT arts organizations in Minnesota and the fourth largest gay men's chorus in the country. It is a member of the Gay and Lesbian Association of Choruses (GALA Choruses).
Additionally, the Chorus, along with Emmy award-winning producers John Scagliotti and Dan Hunt and author Tomie dePaola produced a video program, Oliver Button is a STAR!, that was broadcast nationally on PBS in the fall of 2001 and spring of 2002. The video program is a documentary based on the Chorus' performance of Tomie dePaola's children's book, Oliver Button is a Sissy, and was further developed as a teaching tool for distribution to schools and families. The performance was repeated during the 2012–2013 season to raise awareness of school bullying.
Other notable events in the history of the TCGMC include: Performances with Minnesota Orchestra, Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra, VocalEssence (Plymouth Music Series), Ballet of the Dolls, American composer Ned Rorem, and such noted gay and lesbian entertainers Harvey Fierstein, Ann Hampton Callaway, Michael Feinstein and Holly Near. TCGMC has premiered over 25 commissioned works and has performed at major gay and lesbian choral festivals in Montreal, Tampa, Denver, Seattle, San Jose and Minneapolis (for which the TCGMC served as host in 1986). Regular appearances include Minnesota AIDS Walk, the Twin Cities Pride festival, and concerts at Como Pavilion.
In 2003, the Twin Cities Gay Men's Chorus was honored with the Human Rights Campaign Minnesota 2003 "Brian Coyle Leadership Award" for serving the community through outreach and putting a face on the GLBT community. TCGMC also received special recognition in 2003 from Lavender magazine for "Best Benefit/Fundraiser" for Songs from the Heart and in 2003 & 2004 for "Best GLBT Music Group".
Capping off their 25th Anniversary season, the chorus embarked on the "Great Southern Sing-Out Tour" through five cities in six days in July 2006. Kicking off the tour in Nashville's prestigious Ryman Auditorium, the chorus became the first gay organization to perform on the historic stage. From Tennessee, three bus loads of chorus members and supporters traveled to Birmingham, Alabama; Jackson, Mississippi; Mobile, Alabama; and New Orleans, Louisiana.
In November 2006, TCGMC became the first gay men's chorus with the word "gay" in its name to perform for the American Choral Directors Association at an ACDA convention since 1986, when the Los Angeles Gay Men's Chorus successfully sued for inclusion after being accepted in a blind audition, then denied when the blind was broken to reveal the word "gay" in its name.
One of the Chorus' recent works, Through A Glass, Darkly, commissioned from New York composer Michael Shaieb, addresses the problem of methamphetamine addiction in the gay community. The bold, daring production premiered to critical acclaim in March 2008, playing to packed houses. The performance was recorded by Twin Cities Public Television for broadcast on PBS and production of a DVD released in the summer of 2008, and was featured at the 2008 GALA Choruses festival in Miami, Florida in July 2008. Additionally, the Chorus commissioned Shaieb to write a trilogy of songs based on texts by playwright Tony Kushner, the first of which premiered at the Guthrie Theater's Kushner Festival in 2009, and Out of My Range which was performed at the 2012 GALA Choruses festival in Denver.
The Chorus' signature song, with which they end all concerts, is "Walk Hand in Hand" composed by Johnny Cowell and originally performed by Tony Martin, Ronnie Carroll and Andy Williams in 1956, during which the audience is encouraged to stand, join hands, and sing along. An upbeat dance remix was premiered in their spring 2008 concert, "Friends ARE Benefits".

 Artistic Directors 
Larry Whitely, Music Director (1980
Richard Weinberg, Music Director (1981-1988)
Craig Carnahan, Interim Music Director (1988-1990)
David Lohman, Music Director (1990-1994)
Craig Carnahan, Artistic Director (1994-2000
Dr. Stan Hill, Artistic Director (2000-2012)
Dr. Ben Riggs, Artistic Director (2012-2017)
Dr. Gerald Gurss, Artistic Director (2018-  )

 Executive Directors 
Joann Usher (2000-2007)
Jon Lewis (2007-2009)
Jeff Heine (2009-2019)
Kevin Stocks (2019- )

 Audience & Venues 
Approximately 75% of the audience comes from the Twin Cities metro area, but through out-of-state advertising and performance outreach TCGMC performs to audiences in the surrounding cities and states. Research has further shown that about 52% of the audience identifies as gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender. During its 25-year history, over 750 men have entertained over 200,000 audience members in the Twin Cities and around the country. Throughout the year, the Chorus performs in a variety of venues including their primary home, Ted Mann Concert Hall on the campus of the University of Minnesota, corporate offices, churches, parks and colleges. Weekly rehearsals are held at Hennepin Avenue United Methodist Church in Minneapolis.

 CDs 
Hand in Hand (1995)
Sing Out! (1996)
Holiday Fever (1998 cassette)
Sing We Joyously Noël (1999)
The Rainbow Connection (2000)
Angels (2002)
Metamorphosis (2004)
What Sweeter Music (2004)
Bang! Bang! The Music of Cher (2005)
The Great Southern US Sing-Out Tour (2006)
The 25th Anniversary Collection (2006)
LifeSongs (2010)
Out of My Range and Other Age-Related Performance Issues (2012)
They Sang to Me (2012, digital download only)
Joy (2014)

 DVDs 
Oliver Button Is a Star* (1999)
Through a Glass, Darkly (2008)

 References 

 External links 
Twin Cities Gay Men's Chorus official website

Pedro Páramo
Pedro Páramo  is a novel by Mexican writer Juan Rulfo, first published in 1955. The novel tells the story of Juan Preciado, a man who promises his mother on her deathbed to meet Preciado's father for the first time in the town of Comala only to come across a literal ghost town, that is, populated by spectral characters. During the course of the novel, these ghostly inhabitants reveal details about life and afterlife in Comala, including that of Preciado's reckless father, Pedro Páramo, and his centrality for the town. Initially, the novel was met with cold critical reception and sold only two thousand copies during the first four years; later, however, the book became highly acclaimed. Páramo was a key influence on Latin American writers such as Gabriel García Márquez. Pedro Páramo has been translated into more than 30 different languages and the English version has sold more than a million copies in the United States.
Gabriel García Márquez has said that he felt blocked as a novelist after writing his first four books and that it was only his life-changing discovery of Pedro Páramo in 1961 that opened his way to the composition of his masterpiece, One Hundred Years of Solitude. Moreover, García Márquez claimed that he "could recite the whole book, forwards and backwards."  Jorge Luis Borges considered Pedro Páramo to be one of the greatest texts written in any language.

 Plot 

 Narrative structure 
The story begins with the first-person account of Juan Preciado, who promises his mother at her deathbed that he will return to Comala to meet his father, Pedro Páramo. His narration is interspersed with fragments of third-person dialogue from the life of Pedro Páramo, who lived in a time when Comala was a robust, living town, instead of the ghost town Juan now sees. The two major competing narrative voices present alternative visions of Comala, one living and one populated with the spirits of the dead.
The novel is set in the fictional town of Comala and its surroundings, a reference to the real town of Comala in the Mexican state of Colima, close to Juan Rulfo's homeland.

 Summary 
The sequence of events for the plot is broken up in the work in a nonlinear fashion and is at times difficult to discern and the same occurs with the characters as it is often impossible at first for the reader even to tell which characters are alive or dead.The earliest moment in the story is Fulgor Sedano's arrival at Media Luna. His old patrón, Don Lucas, informs him that his son Pedro Páramo is totally useless and that he should go and get a new job when he dies. Later, Pedro's grandfather dies, and when his family prays for him after his death to help shorten his time in Purgatory, Pedro instead thinks about playing with Susana San Juan, the love of his life. They would fly kites near the village, and Pedro would help Susana fly hers. He is scolded for taking so long in the outhouse by his mother while he recalls this event. Soon after Señora San Juan dies, the San Juan family moves to the mining region. Exploring the Andromeda mine, Señor San Juan lowers Susana at the end of a rope into the old mine shaft. Searching for gold coins, Susana only finds a skeleton. Later in her life, her husband Florencio dies, and she's driven mad by the belief that he's still alive.
When Lucas Páramo is mistakenly killed at a wedding, Pedro later massacres most of the wedding guests. Fulgor Sedano informs Pedro about his father's debts to the Preciado family. To relieve these debts, they concoct a plan to marry Dolores Preciado. When Sedano tries to convince her, she informs him that she's menstruating and cannot be married so soon. Osorio later warns Dolores not to sleep with Pedro on their wedding night, so she begs Eduviges Dyada to sleep with him in her place. Eduviges agrees, but Pedro is too drunk to have sex.
Pedro's son Miguel is killed when, travelling to Contla, he jumps over a fence with his horse. Despite Miguel's cruel and irredeemable nature, Father Rentería absolves him after Pedro pays him in gold coins. Father Rentería remembers how Miguel killed his brother and raped his niece. Dorotea later confesses to Father Rentería that she was trafficking girls for Miguel Páramo; the priest cannot forgive her.
Pedro Páramo seeks to add Toribio Aldrete's land to his estate, and when Toribio visits the home of Eduviges, Pedro Páramo and Fulgor Sedano hang him. Later, Eduviges kills herself out of despair. Living in the Media Luna estate, Dolores Preciado leaves Pedro Páramo to live with her sister.
At the onset of the Mexican Revolution, the countryside has become too dangerous, and the San Juan family returns to Comala. When Señor San Juan dies, his ghost visits the crazed Susana, who only laughs. A stuttering man (Spanish: El Tartamudo) arrives at Pedro's house and informs him that revolutionaries have captured and killed Fulgor Sedano. To protect himself, Pedro invites local revolutionaries to his house for supper, promising them money and support. Pedro informs a revolutionary leader, El Tilcuate, that the money has run out and that he should raid a larger town for supplies.
When Susana San Juan dies, she refuses absolution by the priest, and Father Rentería pretends to give her last sacraments. The people of Comala have a large party, greatly annoying Pedro, who is mourning the loss of Susana. Out of spite, he lets the town die of starvation. The wife of Abundio Martínez, Refugia, dies of this starvation. He heads into town to drink, and finds Damiana Cisneros, the cook at the Media Luna. Abundio Martínez stabs her to death, captured and dragged to the Media Luna. There, Abundio kills Pedro Páramo, revealing that he's one of his illegitimate sons. As he dies, he thinks of Susana and sees the ghost of Damiana.
Dolores Preciado dies, and on her deathbed, she charges her son Juan to head to Comala and find his father Pedro Páramo. There, he finds the ghosts of Abundio, Eduviges, and Damiana, who tell him the stories of the town. He meets an incestuous couple, Donis and his sister, and spends the night at their house. Haunted by the ghosts of Comala, Juan dies of fright, buried in a shared grave with Dorotea. Trapped in his grave, he experiences the story and life of Pedro Páramo.

 Themes 
A major theme in the book is people's hopes and dreams as sources of the motivation they need to succeed. Hope is each character's central motive for action. As Dolores tells her son, Juan, to return to Comala, she hopes that he will find his father and get what he deserves after all of these years.  Despair is the other main theme in the novel. Each character's hopes lead to despair since none of their attempts to attain their goals are successful.Juan goes to Comala instilled with the hope that he will meet and finally get to know his father. He fails to accomplish this and dies fearful, having lost all hope.
Pedro hopes that Susana San Juan will return to him after so long. He was infatuated with her as a young boy and recalls flying kites with her in his youth. When she finally returns to him, she has gone mad and behaves as though her first husband were still alive. Nevertheless, Pedro hopes that she will eventually come to love him. Dorotea says that Pedro truly loved Susana and wanted nothing but the best for her.Father Rentería lives in hope that he will someday be able to fully fulfill his vows as a Catholic priest, telling Pedro that his son will not go to heaven, instead of pardoning him for his many sins in exchange for a lump of gold.Ghosts and the ethereal nature of the truth are also recurrent themes in the text. When Juan arrives in Comala it is a ghost town, yet this is only gradually revealed to the reader. For example, in an episode with Damiana Cisneros, Juan talks to her believing that she is alive. They walk through the town together until he becomes suspicious as to how she knew that he was in town, and he nervously asks, "Damiana Cisneros, are you alive?" This encounter shows the truth as fleeting, always changing, and impossible to pin down. It is difficult to truly know who is dead and who is alive in Comala.Sometimes the order and nature of events that occur in the work are not as they first seem. For example, midway through the book, the original chronology is subverted when the reader finds out that much of what has preceded was a flashback to an earlier time.

 Interpretation 
Critics primarily consider Pedro Páramo as either a work of magic realism or a precursor to later works of magic realism; this is the standard Latin American interpretation.  However, magical realism is a term coined to note the juxtaposition of the surreal to the mundane, with each bearing traits of the other. It is a means of adding surreal or supernatural qualities to a written work while avoiding total disbelief. Pedro Páramo is unlike other works of this type because the primary narrator states clearly in the second paragraph of the novel that his mind has filled with dreams and that he has given flight to illusion and that a world has formed in his mind around the hopes of finding a man named Pedro Páramo. Likewise, several sections into this narration, Juan Preciado states that his head has filled with noises and voices. He is unable to distinguish living persons from apparitions. Certain critics believe that particular qualities of the novel, including the narrative fragmentation, the physical fragmentation of characters, and the auditory and visual hallucinations described by the primary narrator, suggest that this novel's journey and visions may be more readily associated with the sort of breakdown of the senses present in schizophrenia or schizophrenia-like conditions rather than with magical realism.

 Meaning of title 
The title underscores the importance of the character of Pedro Páramo. His life and decisions are key to the survival of the town of Comala. His last name means "barren plain" or "wasteland", which is what the town of Comala becomes as a result of his manipulations.
He is not only responsible for the economic well-being of the town but also for the existence of many of its inhabitants. Among his offspring are Abundio, Miguel, and Juan, and countless others. He is regularly depicted raping women, and even Dorotea cannot keep track of all the women he has slept with. He is also responsible for the town's security. He strikes a deal with the revolutionary army mainly in his own self-interest and for protection. But being the owner of such a large swath of land, he is, by extension, in charge of the physical well-being of the town. 
An example of his power is his decision to allow Comala to starve and do nothing with the fields and with the crops. The town withers because of his apathy and indifference. The entire novel centers on his actions, appetites and desires.

 Characters 

 Main characters 

 Pedro Páramo 
Pedro Páramo is both protagonist and antagonist since his acts are at cross-purposes. He is capable of decisive action, like when he eliminated his debt and took over more land, but is unable to use that decisiveness to do any good for the community. He is like a tragic hero in the way that he longs for Susana and is totally unable to get over her death. His one fatal flaw is her. He cannot function without her or the incentive of her. Pedro serves as a fertility god figurehead in the work. He not only literally impregnates many of the town's women, but he has many children (the priest brings many to his doorstep). He also is in charge of the well-being of Comala, but also can "cross his arms" and let Comala die. This shows that he has the power of life and fertility over the town. Pedro's name has great significance in the work. Pedro is derived from the Greek petrus, meaning 'rock', and Páramo, meaning 'barren plain'. This is ironic since in the end of the work Pedro collapses "like a pile of rocks" after observing what his land had become.

 Susana San Juan 
She is the love of Pedro's life. They grew up together. Her mother died friendless, and later her father Bartolomé is killed in the Andromeda mine by Sedano so that Pedro can marry her. She loved her first husband very much and went mad when he died. She thinks that he is still living, and she "talks" to him several times in the work. She appeared to have loved him for his body and not for his personality. She might have had sex with Pedro, but it is apparent that he wanted to have her. They were never married since he had never divorced Dolores. He is full of grief when she dies and refuses to work anymore and lets the town die. She is commonly portrayed and symbolized as the rain and water. In the passages that she is in, there is a backdrop with it raining. Such an example of this is the scene with Justina, Susana, and the cat. The entire background is the rain; it is raining torrents, and the valley is flooded.

 Juan Preciado – narrator 
Juan is one of the two narrators in the work. He recounts his story for the first half of the work, up until his death. He comes to Comala in order to find his father, his mother's last wish. He finds the town abandoned and dies of fright from the ghosts. He is then buried in the same grave as Dorotea, whom he talks with. It is apparent that he dies without the proper sacraments and is now stuck in purgatory.

 Fulgor Sedano – mentor 
He is the administrator of the Media Luna. Initially warned by Pedro's father not to trust him, he eventually becomes enforcing hand of Pedro's schemes. He had been around the estate for many years serving the former patrons, Pedro's father Lucas and Lucas's father before that. He knows what to do and how to do it and boasts a number of achievements, including getting Dolores to marry Pedro. He is killed by a band of revolutionaries who view him as an embodiment of the privileged estate that they are fighting against. He also is responsible for having Toribio Aldrete hanged because he was trying to get the land surveyed to prove his right to some of it.

 Miguel Páramo 
He and Juan are both sons of Pedro Páramo. Miguel is the only son recognized by Pedro and was thus being groomed as the next Páramo heir. Miguel's character is the exact opposite to Juan. He is wild and a rapist, while Juan is quiet and respectful of women. He is fearless, whereas Juan dies of fear. He has a horse and rides it often, whereas Juan does not and has to travel by foot. His wantonness contrasts the calmness of Juan despite their shared parentage.
Additionally, he is known for liking loose women and for murdering Ana's father. He also rapes Ana when he goes to her to apologize to her for killing him. He is thrown from his horse when going to another village to meet his current lover.

 Dorotea – narrator 
Town's beggar. She is the second narrator in the work. She tells the story of Comala before Pedro died after she is buried in the grave with Juan. Her storytelling dominates the second half of the work. She was known for being homeless and living on the charity of the people in the town. She had always tried to have children but had "the heart of a mother but a womb of a whore". She was known for her eccentric behavior by thinking that she had had a baby.

 Father Rentería 
Town's priest. He is really not the main character, but he possesses all the characteristics of one; for which he could considered an antihero. He tries to stand up to Pedro and not give absolution to his son, Miguel. He has only the best intentions in mind but is unable to carry them out. His brother was killed by Miguel, and his niece was raped by Miguel as well when he came to apologize to her. He takes some gold to absolve Miguel, and he feels poorly about it, throwing himself in a corner and crying to the Lord.He goes to another town to try to get himself forgiven of his sins so that he could continue to give the sacraments to the people of Comala. The other priest refuses, but they talk about how everything that grows in their region tastes sour and bitter. 
It is directly Father Rentería's fault that so many souls are stuck in Comala. He had failed in his duty to absolve those people and administer the last rite to them, and thus, they died and were unable to go to heaven. 
He is later mentioned as having joined the Cristero War.

 Minor characters 

 Eduviges Dyada 
Town's prostitute and good friend of Dolores Preciado. They promised to die together and help each other through the afterlife. She had died years ago and greets Juan when he arrives at Comala. She tells him of how she almost "came within a hair of being his mother" since she had to go and sleep with Pedro on their wedding night. She tells of her relationship and relations with Miguel Páramo and how it was she who saw his ghost before it left. Her sister, María Dyada, tells the priest that her suicide was out of despair and that she was a really good woman. He refuses to help her, and thus, her ghost remains in the town and purgatory. She dies with the idea that Abundio is a good man and does not know about him murdering Damiana.

 Dolores Preciado 
She was Juan's mother. She was wooed into marriage to Pedro by Sedano who said he thought of nothing but her all day and night and that her eyes were beautiful. Pedro owed her family the most money of all the other families, and her sisters had already moved to the city. She was married to annul the debt. Later, she is staring at a buzzard and wishes to be like it so that she could fly to her sister in the city. Pedro gets mad enough and dismisses her for good. They are never officially divorced. Her dying wish is for Juan to go and see his father and "make him pay for all those years he put us out of his mind".

 Abundio Martínez 
He's another illegitimate son of Pedro's who works as the town's mail carrier. He is deaf because a rocket once went off near his ear. After that he did not talk much, and he became depressed. Later, his wife dies. He goes to get drunk at a local bar. Upon leaving he sees Damiana Cisneros and asks her for some money to bury his wife. He startles her, and she begins to scream. He then kills her, is captured, vomits, and is dragged to town. Eduviges calls him a good man.

 Inocencio Osorio 
He is the town's seer. He is the one who tells Dolores not to sleep with Pedro on her wedding night. His nickname is "Cockleburr" since he is well known to be able to stick to any horse and break it.

 Damiana Cisneros 
She is the cook at the Media Luna and the ghost who takes Juan from Eduviges's house on that first night. She is sad to hear that Eduviges is still wandering the earth. Juan takes a while to realize that she is really a ghost and for a time, thinks that she is still alive. She was murdered by Abundio. She was also one of Dolores's good friends, and Juan knew about her when he arrived at Comala.

 Toribio Aldrete 
He is a property surveyor. He was splitting and dividing up Pedro's land and was going to build fences. He is stopped by a plot by Pedro and Sedano. They plot to try to stop him from doing the survey and draw up a warrant against him. Sedano goes to Eduviges's house one night with a drunken Aldrete and hangs him and throws away the keys to the room. He remains there in spirit and wakes Juan on his first night in Comala with his death screams.

 Donis and his wife/sister 
These two are some of the last living people in the town. Donis is suspicious of Juan and his motives for being there and thinks that he is a serious criminal, perhaps a murderer, and does not want him to spend the night. Donis is engaged in an incestous relationship with his sister, started in an attempt to repopulate the town, although they once asked a bishop riding through town to marry them which he furiously refused, demanding they stop their relationship and "live like men". His wife/sister starts to like Juan after the first night and does a little extra to try to get him some more food since they have so little. She trades some of the old sheets for food and coffee with her older sister. Donis is glad that Juan showed up since he could now leave the town and have his wife/sister taken care of.

 Justina 
She is Susana's caregiver. She has taken care of her for many years, since she was born. She cried when Susana was dying, and Susana told her to stop crying. Justina is scared one day by the ghost of Bartolomé, who tells her to leave the town since Susana would be well cared for.

 See also 
Pedro Páramo (1967 film)

 Notes 

 References 
Anderson, Danny J. (2002). "The Ghosts of Comala: Haunted Meaning in Pedro Páramo (Introduction)". In Rulfo, Juan (ed.). Pedro Páramo. Translated by Margaret Sayers Peden. Austin, Texas, United States of America: University of Texas Press (University of Texas at Austin). ISBN 978-0-292-77121-5. Archived from the original (PDF) on 1 December 2002.
Zepeda, Jorge. La recepción inicial de Pedro Páramo (1955–1963). México: Fundación Juan Rulfo / Editorial RM, 2005. 378 pp. ISBN 968-5208-44-1.

 External links 
Pedro Páramo (1967) at IMDb 
Pedro Páramo (1978) at IMDb 
Pedro Páramo (1981) at IMDb 
Pedro Páramo (2004) the theatre by Theatre Formation Paribartak of India
Ghosts of Comala (2012), Alex Torío studio album inspired by the novel
Pedro Páramo (1979) Review of 1981 Boston stage production, adapted by Sidney Goldfarb

Binding of Isaac
The Binding of Isaac (Hebrew: עֲקֵידַת יִצְחַק‎ ʿAqēḏaṯ Yīṣḥaq), or simply "The Binding" (הָעֲקֵידָה‎ hāʿAqēḏā), is a story from Genesis 22 of the Hebrew Bible. In the biblical narrative, God orders Abraham to sacrifice his son Isaac at Moriah. As Abraham begins to comply, having bound Isaac to an altar, he is stopped by the Angel of the Lord; a ram appears and is slaughtered in Isaac's stead, as God commends Abraham's pious obedience.
In addition to being addressed by modern scholarship, this biblical episode has been the focus of a great deal of commentary in traditional sources of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.

 Biblical narrative 
According to the Hebrew Bible, God commands Abraham to offer his son Isaac as a sacrifice. After Isaac is bound to an altar, a messenger from God stops Abraham before he can complete the sacrifice, saying, "now I know you fear God". Abraham looks up and sees a ram and sacrifices it instead of Isaac.

The passage states that the event occurred at "the mount of the LORD" in "the land of Moriah". 2 Chronicles 3:1 refers to "mount Moriah" as the site of Solomon's Temple, while Psalms 24:3, Isaiah 2:3 and 30:29, and Zechariah 8:3 use the term "the mount of the LORD" to refer to the site of Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem, the location believed to be the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. In the Samaritan Pentateuch, Genesis 22:14, the phrase YHWH yireh is taken to mean "in the mountain the Lord was seen", the mountain being Mount Gerizim.

 Jewish views 
In The Binding of Isaac, Religious Murders & Kabbalah, Lippman Bodoff argues that Abraham never intended to actually sacrifice his son, and that he had faith that God had no intention that he do so. Rabbi Ari Kahn elaborates this view on the Orthodox Union website as follows:

Isaac's death was never a possibility – not as far as Abraham was concerned, and not as far as God was concerned. God's commandment to Abraham was very specific, and Abraham understood it very precisely: Isaac was to be "raised up as an offering," and God would use the opportunity to teach humankind, once and for all, that human sacrifice, child sacrifice, is not acceptable. This is precisely how the sages of the Talmud (Taanit 4a) understood the Akedah. Citing the Prophet Jeremiah's exhortation against child sacrifice (Chapter 19), they state unequivocally that such behavior "never crossed God's mind," referring specifically to the sacrificial slaughter of Isaac. Though readers of this parashah throughout the generations have been disturbed, even horrified, by the Akedah, there was no miscommunication between God and Abraham. The thought of actually killing Isaac never crossed their minds.
In The Guide for the Perplexed, Maimonides argues that the story of the binding of Isaac contains two "great notions". First, Abraham's willingness to sacrifice Isaac demonstrates the limit of humanity's capability to both love and fear God. Second, because Abraham acted on a prophetic vision of what God had asked him to do, the story exemplifies how prophetic revelation has the same truth value as philosophical argument and thus carries equal certainty, notwithstanding the fact that it comes in a dream or vision.In Glory and Agony: Isaac's Sacrifice and National Narrative, Yael Feldman argues that the story of Isaac's binding, in both its biblical and post-biblical versions (the New Testament included), has had a great impact on the ethos of altruist heroism and self-sacrifice in modern Hebrew national culture. As her study demonstrates, over the last century the "Binding of Isaac" has morphed into the "Sacrifice of Isaac," connoting both the glory and agony of heroic death on the battlefield.In Legends of the Jews, Rabbi Louis Ginzberg argues that the binding of Isaac is a way for God to test Isaac's claim to Ishmael, and to silence Satan's protest about Abraham who had not brought up any offering to God after Isaac was born. It was also to show  proof to the world that Abraham is a true God-fearing man who is ready to fulfill any of God's commands, even to sacrifice his own son:

When God commanded the father to desist from sacrificing Isaac, Abraham said: "One man tempts another, because he knoweth not what is in the heart of his neighbor. But Thou surely didst know that I was ready to sacrifice my son!"
God: "It was manifest to Me, and I foreknew it, that thou wouldst withhold not even thy soul from Me."
Abraham: "And why, then, didst Thou afflict me thus?"

God: "It was My wish that the world should become acquainted with thee, and should know that it is not without good reason that I have chosen thee from all the nations. Now it hath been witnessed unto men that thou fearest God."
Jacob Howland has pointed out that "Ginzberg's work must be used with caution, because his project fabricating a unified narrative from multiple sources inevitably makes the tradition of rabbinic commentary seem more univocal than it actually is." Ginzberg's work does not encompass the way in which midrash on 'Akedah mirrored the different needs of diverse Jewish communities. Isaac was resurrected after the slaughter in the version of medieval Ashkenaz. Spiegel has interpreted this as designed to recast the biblical figures in the context of the Crusades.The Book of Genesis does not tell the age of Isaac at the time. Some Talmudic sages teach that Isaac was an adult aged thirty seven, likely based on the next biblical story, which is of Sarah's death at 127 years, being 90 when Isaac was born. Isaac's reaction to the binding is unstated in the biblical narrative. Some commentators have argued that he was traumatized and angry, often citing the fact that he and Abraham are never seen to speak to each other again; however, Jon D. Levenson notes that the biblical text never depicts them speaking before the binding, either.

 Use in worship 
The narrative of the sacrifice and binding of Isaac is traditionally read in synagogue on the second day of Rosh Hashanah.
The practice of the Kabbalists, observed in some communities but not all, is to recite this chapter every day immediately after Birkot hashachar.

 Christian views 
The binding of Isaac is mentioned in the New Testament Epistle to the Hebrews among many acts of faith recorded in the Old Testament: "By faith Abraham, when he was tested, offered up Isaac, and he who had received the promises offered up his only begotten son, of whom it was said, 'In Isaac your seed shall be called', concluding that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead, from which he also received him in a figurative sense." (Hebrews 11:17–19, NKJV)
Abraham's faith in God is such that he felt God would be able to resurrect the slain Isaac, in order that his prophecy (Genesis 21:12) might be fulfilled. Early Christian preaching sometimes accepted Jewish interpretations of the binding of Isaac without elaborating. For example, Hippolytus of Rome says in his Commentary on the Song of Songs, "The blessed Isaac became desirous of the anointing and he wished to sacrifice himself for the sake of the world" (On the Song 2:15).Other Christians from the period saw Isaac as a type of the "Word of God" who prefigured Christ. This interpretation can be supported by symbolism and context such as Abraham sacrificing his son on the third day of the journey (Genesis 22:4), or Abraham taking the wood and putting it on his son Isaac's shoulder (Genesis 22:6). Another thing to note is how God reemphasizes Isaac being Abraham's one and only son whom he loves (Genesis 22:2, 12, 16). As further support to the view of early Christians that the binding of Isaac foretells the Gospel of Jesus Christ, when the two went up there, Isaac asked Abraham "where is the lamb for the burnt offering" to which Abraham responded "God himself will provide the lamb for the burnt offering, my son." (Genesis 22:7–8). However, it was a ram (not a lamb) that was ultimately sacrificed in Isaac's place, and the ram was caught in a thicket (i.e. thorn bush) (Genesis 22:13). In the New Testament, John the Baptist saw Jesus coming toward him and said "Look, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sins of the world!" (John 1:29). Thus, the binding is compared to the Crucifixion and the last-minute stay of sacrifice is a type of the Resurrection. Søren Kierkegaard describes Abraham's actions as arising from the zenith of faith leading to a "teleological suspension of the ethical".

 Muslim views 

The version in the Quran differs from that in Genesis in two aspects: the identity of the sacrificed son and the son's reaction towards the requested sacrifice. In Islamic sources, when Abraham tells his son about the vision, his son agreed to be sacrificed for the fulfillment of God's command, and no binding to the altar occurred. The Quran states that when Abraham asked for a righteous son, God granted him a son possessing forbearance. The son mentioned here is traditionally understood to be Ishmael. When the son was able to walk and work with him, Abraham saw a vision about sacrificing him. When he told his son about it, his son agreed to fulfill the command of God in the vision. When they both had submitted their will to God and were ready for the sacrifice, God told Abraham he had fulfilled the vision, and provided him with a ram to sacrifice instead. God promised to reward Abraham. The next two verses state God also granted Abraham the righteous son Isaac and promised more rewards.Among early Muslim scholars, there was a dispute over the identity of the son. One side of the argument believed it was Isaac rather than Ishmael (notably ibn Qutaybah and al-Tabari) interpreting the verse "God's perfecting his mercy on Abraham and Isaac" as referring to his making Abraham his closest one, and to his rescuing Isaac. The other side, by far a vast majority, held that the promise to Sarah was of a son, Isaac, and a grandson, Jacob (Quran 11:71–74) excluded the possibility of a premature death of Isaac. Regardless, most Muslims believe that it is actually Ishmael rather than Isaac despite the dispute.The submission of Abraham and his son is celebrated and commemorated by Muslims on the days of Eid al-Adha. During the festival, those who can afford and the ones in the pilgrimage sacrifice a ram, cow, sheep or a camel. Part of the sacrifice meat is eaten by the household and remaining is distributed to the neighbors and the needy. The festival marks the end of the Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca.

 Modern research 
The binding also figures prominently in the writings of several of the more important modern theologians, such as Søren Kierkegaard in Fear and Trembling and Shalom Spiegel in The Last Trial. Jewish communities regularly review this literature, for instance the 2009 mock trial held by more than 600 members of the University Synagogue of Orange County, California. Derrida also looks at the story of the sacrifice as well as Kierkegaard's reading in The Gift of Death.
In Mimesis: The Representation of Reality in Western Literature, the literary critic Erich Auerbach considers the Hebrew narrative of the binding of Isaac, along with Homer's description of Odysseus's scar, as the two paradigmatic models for the representation of reality in literature. Auerbach contrasts Homer's attention to detail and foregrounding of the spatial, historical, as well as personal contexts for events to the Bible's sparse account, in which virtually all context is kept in the background or left outside of the narrative. As Auerbach observes, this narrative strategy virtually compels readers to add their own interpretations to the text.

 Redactors and narrative purpose 
Modern biblical critics operating under the framework of the documentary hypothesis have ascribed the binding's narrative to the biblical source Elohist, on the grounds that it generally uses the specific term Elohim (אלהים) and parallels characteristic E compositions. On that view, the second angelic appearance to Abraham (v. 14–18), praising his obedience and blessing his offspring, is in fact a later Jahwist interpolation to E's original account (v. 1–13, 19). This is supported by the style and composition of these verses, as well as by the use of the name Yahweh for the deity.More recent studies question the analysis of E and J as strictly separate. Coats argues that Abraham's obedience to God's command in fact necessitates praise and blessing, which he only receives in the second angelic speech. That speech, therefore, could not have been simply inserted into E's original account. This has suggested to many that the author responsible for the interpolation of the second angelic appearance has left his mark also on the original account (v. 1–13, 19).More recently it has been suggested that these traces are in fact the first angelic appearance (v. 11–12), in which the Angel of YHWH stops Abraham before he kills Isaac. The style and composition of these verses resemble that of the second angelic speech, and YHWH is used for the deity rather than God. On that reading, in the original E version of the binding Abraham disobeys God's command, sacrificing the ram "instead of his son" (v. 13) on his own responsibility and without being stopped by an angel: "And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son; but Abraham lifted up his eyes and looked and beheld, behind him was a ram, caught in a thicket by his horns; and Abraham went, and took the ram, and offered it up as a burnt offering instead of his son" (v. 10, 13).
By interpolating the first appearance of the angel, a later redactor shifted responsibility for halting the test from Abraham to the angel (v. 11–12). The second angelic appearance, in which Abraham is rewarded for his obedience (v. 14–18), became necessary due to that shift of responsibility. This analysis of the story sheds light on the connection between the binding and the story of Sodom (Genesis 18), in which Abraham protests against God's unethical plan to destroy the city, without distinguishing between the righteous and the wicked: Far be it from you to do such a thing: Shall not the judge of all the earth do what is just?" Abraham's ethical rebellion against God in the destruction of Sodom culminates in his disobedience to God, refusing to sacrifice Isaac.

 Possible child sacrifice 
Francesca Stavrakopoulou said that it is possible that the story "contains traces of a tradition in which Abraham does sacrifice Isaac". R. E. Friedman said that in the original E story, Abraham may have carried out the sacrifice of Isaac, but that later repugnance at the idea of a human sacrifice led the redactor of JE to add the lines in which a ram is substituted for Isaac. Likewise, Terence Fretheim wrote that "the text bears no specific mark of being a polemic against child sacrifice". Wojciech Kosior also said that the genealogical snippet (verses 20–24) contain a hint to an alternative reading where Abraham sacrificed Isaac.Interpretations of the text have contradicted the version where a ram is sacrificed. For example, Martin S. Bergmann stated "The Aggadah rabbis asserted that "father Isaac was bound on the altar and reduced to ashes, and his sacrificial dust was cast on  Mount Moriah." A similar interpretation was made in the Epistle to the Hebrews. Margaret Barker said that "Abraham returned to Bersheeba without Isaac" according to Genesis 22:19 a possible sign that he was indeed sacrificed. Barker also said that wall paintings in the ancient Dura-Europos synagogue explicitly show Isaac being sacrificed, followed by his soul traveling to heaven. According to Jon D. Levenson a part of Jewish tradition interpreted Isaac as having been sacrificed. Similarly the German theologians Christan Rose and Hans-Friedrich Weiß said that due to the grammatical perfect tense used to describe Abraham's sacrifice of Isaac, he did, in fact, follow through with the action.This theme is taken up in Wilfred Owen's poem "The Parable of the Old Man and the Young", set to music by Benjamin Britten in his War Requiem, which ends with the couplet "But the old man would not so, but slew his son, And half the seed of Europe, one by one."Rav Kook, the first Chief Rabbi of Israel, said that the climax of the story, commanding Abraham not to sacrifice Isaac, is the whole point: to put an end to, and God's total aversion to the ritual of child sacrifice. According to Irving Greenberg the story of the binding of Isaac symbolizes the prohibition to worship God by human sacrifices, at a time when human sacrifices were the norm worldwide.

 Rite of passage 
It has been suggested that Genesis 22 contains an intrusion of the liturgy of a rite of passage, including mock sacrifice, as commonly found in early and preliterate societies, marking the passage from youth to adulthood.

 Music 
The Binding of Isaac has inspired multiple pieces of music, including Marc-Antoine Charpentier's Sacrificium Abrahae (H.402, oratorio for soloists, chorus, doubling instruments, and bc; 1680–81), Benjamin Britten's Canticle II: Abraham and Isaac, later adapted for inclusion in the War Requiem, Igor Stravinsky's Abraham and Isaac, Leonard Cohen's "Story of Isaac" from the 1969 album Songs from a Room, the eponymous "Highway 61 Revisited" from Highway 61 Revisited (1965) by Bob Dylan, Sufjan Stevens' "Abraham" from the album Seven Swans (2004), Gilad Hochman's "Akeda for Solo Viola" (2006), and Anaïs Mitchell's "Dyin' Day" from the album Young Man in America (2012).

 See also 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Symposium on the Sacrifice of Isaac in the Three Monotheistic Religions
The Sacrifice of Isaac in Medieval English Drama
Mystery play texts in the cycles from Chester, Wakefield, York and n-Town Archived 2008-03-17 at the Wayback Machine
Shofar Callin' (G-dcast's animated retelling of the Binding of Isaac, to a hip hop soundtrack)

Royal Tower (Alaska)
Royal Tower is an 8,130-foot-elevation (2,478-meter) mountain summit in Alaska.

 Description 
Royal Tower is located 50 miles (80 km) northwest of Talkeetna in Denali National Park and the Alaska Range. It is set 7.46 mi (12 km) south of Avalanche Spire and 26 mi (42 km) south of Denali in an area known as Little Switzerland. Topographic relief is significant as the summit rises over 2,600 feet (792 meters) above the Pika Glacier in 0.4 mile (0.64 km). Precipitation runoff and glacial meltwater from the mountain drains to the Kahiltna River. The first ascent of the summit was made July 19–20, 1976, by Brian Okonek, Roger Robinson, and Ken Cook via the east face and northeast ridge.

 Climate 
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Royal Tower is located in a tundra climate zone with long, cold, snowy winters, and cool summers. Weather systems are forced upwards by the Alaska Range (orographic lift), causing heavy precipitation in the form of snowfall. Winter temperatures can drop below −10 °F with wind chill factors below −20 °F. This climate supports the Kahiltna Glacier west of the peak and smaller unnamed glaciers surrounding the peak. The months May through June offer the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing. 

 See also 
Mountain peaks of Alaska
Geography of Alaska

 References 

 External links 
Royal Tower rock climbing: Mountainproject.com
Royal Tower (photo): Mountainproject.com

Open Arms (SZA song)
"Open Arms" is a song by American singer-songwriter SZA from her second studio album, SOS (2022), featuring American rapper Travis Scott. It is a ballad backed by an acoustic guitar, conceived as part of an effort to explore soundscapes outside of SZA's usual R&B-leaning music. The lyrics are addressed to a former lover, whom the narrator leaves for the sake of her self-esteem despite her persistent feelings of attachment to him. A tribute to SZA's deceased grandmother, Norma Rowe, begins the song, done in the form of a skit. Rowe's vocals featured prominently on SZA's debut album, Ctrl (2017); "Open Arms" is the only SOS track on which she appears.
Upon release, "Open Arms" charted in the United States, Canada, and Australia, with a number 67 peak on the Billboard Global 200. Critics focused on Scott's appearance on the song—some considered him a fitting addition, welcoming his uncharacteristically gentle tone on the third verse. "Open Arms" marks his fourth collaboration with SZA; a solo version appears on the website-exclusive digital edition of SOS, released in January 2023. The following month, SZA began the SOS Tour, and she regularly included "Open Arms" on the concerts' set lists.

 Background 
SZA released her debut studio album, Ctrl, in 2017. Primarily an R&B album that deals with themes like heartbreak, it received widespread acclaim for SZA's vocals and the eclectic musical style, as well as the emotional impact and confessional nature of the songwriting. The album brought SZA to mainstream fame, and critics credit it with establishing her status as a major figure in contemporary pop and R&B music and pushing the boundaries of the R&B genre. Her next studio album was therefore highly anticipated, and she alluded to its completion as early as August 2019 during an interview with DJ Kerwin Frost.From April to May 2022, SZA told media outlets that she had recently finished the album in Hawaii and said that it was coming soon. Wanting to prove her versatility, she revealed her vision for the album involved an amalgamation of various disparate musical styles, or in her words, "a little bit of everything". It would incorporate the "traditional" R&B sound that had been a staple of SZA's past works, alongside tracks of a more stripped-back, acoustic soundscape that makes use of guitars.During the build-up to the album's release, SZA created a list of possible collaborators and reached out to them through private messages. The roster ranged from Billie Eilish, Harry Styles, and Olivia Rodrigo; to Doja Cat, Drake, and Kendrick Lamar. Of the several artists she contacted for the album, only three people sent their verses: Don Toliver, Phoebe Bridgers, and Travis Scott. Toliver and Bridgers appear in the tracks "Used" and "Ghost in the Machine" respectively, while Scott appears in "Low" as a background vocalist and "Open Arms" as a featured artist.SZA and Scott had collaborated three times beforehand. The two worked on Scott's song "Ok Alright" from Rodeo (2015), SZA's single "Love Galore" from Ctrl (2017), and the song "Power Is Power" from the Game of Thrones soundtrack (2019). Of the two Scott collaborations, "Open Arms" was created first; "Low" was the last song made for the album.

 Music and production 

While work on the second studio album, SOS (2022), had begun by 2019, "Open Arms" was written and recorded in 2022 alongside a number of other songs due to bursts of productivity from time pressure. Carter Lang, one of SOS's producers, commented, "that's when [we] started feeling like, hey, 'We gotta do this shit like, it's been some years.' We bottled up that energy and everything was just sort of a preparation for that moment." The producers for "Open Arms" specifically were Teo Halm, Michael Uzowuru, and the song's mixer and engineer, Rob Bisel. The song was engineered at Ponzu Studios and Westlake Studio A in Los Angeles, California; mixed at Ponzu; and mastered by Dale Becker at his studio in Pasadena, California. SZA, Scott, and the producers are credited as songwriters alongside one Douglas Ford.The media had the tendency to categorize SZA as an R&B artist. She refused to be restricted to such a label, and she felt the narrative had developed because she was a Black woman. Countering what she believed was racial bias, she said: "I love making Black music, period. Something that is just full of energy. Black music doesn't have to just be R&B [...] Why can't we just be expansive and not reductive?" "Open Arms" is among the album's songs that have an acoustic sound, backed by a finger-picked guitar that puts emphasis on SZA's soft vocal performance. In a departure from his usual sharp, energetic trap sound, Scott performs with a gentle rap cadence. He uses his lower register, and his vocals are digitally manipulated using Auto-Tune.The song begins with a voice clip of Norma Rowe, SZA's grandmother who died from Alzheimer's disease during recording sessions for SOS, which caused her to go through frequent depressive episodes. Like Scott, Rowe's vocals prominently featured in Ctrl; "Open Arms" is the only song on SOS in which she appears, serving as a tribute to her. Describing Rowe's appearance in the song, Nylon wrote that she helps provide "Open Arms" a heartwarming tone to contrast much of the album's other tracks which are "roiling at the brim with anger, sadness, insecurity, and loneliness".

 Lyrics 

Many SOS tracks explore the conflict between SZA's desire for a new life on her own and a longing for a fulfilling romantic connection, to the detriment of her self-image. "Open Arms" is one song that features such a conflict, depicting the narrator's continued attachment to a relationship even though it has become unhealthy for her. In the lyrics, she admits she is willing to still be with her ex-boyfriend no matter how much they are actually incompatible and no matter how much it takes a toll on her mental health, to the point where she sings in one line, "Who needs self-esteem, anyway?" She hopes that staying with her ex-boyfriend will sate her desire of finally being appreciated by someone, admitting: "I hate myself to make you stay / Push me away, I'll be right here." According to music journalist Danyel Smith, the line mirrors SZA's personal life in that it recalls her history with rejection from people with whom she wanted to form close friendships.Scott appears in the third verse as her romantic foil. He calls her his "ride-or-die" and his "favourite color", reassuring her that he will treat her as best as he can "no matter what comes between" them. A solo version of "Open Arms" replaces Scott with SZA's take on the third verse. In it, her character sings about a time she cried for one whole night, forlorn about her past relationships. Instead of feeling alone, she says, she would rather have sex with her ex-boyfriend again, because she believes he still loves her for who she is. Throughout the original version, the two try to welcome each other back into their life, reluctant to leave the relationship. By the end, however, SZA's character realizes that she must, in the words of XXL, "accept isolation with open arms" so that no person will break her heart again.

 Release and reception 
During a Billboard cover story published in November 2022, SZA revealed the album title, as well as the release date which was scheduled sometime next month. She posted the album's track list on Twitter on December 5, and SOS was released four days later. Out of 23 songs, "Open Arms" appears as the 20th track. Upon its release, the song charted in Canada, the United States, and Australia, with peaks at numbers 51, 54, and 81, respectively. It peaked at number 24 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and number 67 on the Billboard Global 200. "Open Arms" had its live performance debut during the SOS Tour, a North American and European tour in support of the album.By the tracking week ending January 6, 2023, SOS had spent three weeks atop the Billboard 200 albums chart. There was a possibility that Taylor Swift's Midnights (2022) might overtake the album and gain the number one spot for the next chart issue. On January 5, when tracking was about to end, SZA and Swift released digital versions of their albums that contained bonus material to boost them on the chart. In SZA's case, she released a website-exclusive digital edition of SOS available on Top Dawg Entertainment's website. It consisted of all 23 songs from the standard edition alongside 2 previously unreleased songs—the solo version of "Open Arms" was one of them.Much of critical commentary around "Open Arms" focused on Scott's guest feature. Some critics considered him a fitting addition on the song, welcoming his uncharacteristically gentle tone on the third verse and praising him and SZA for expanding into a more gentle, acoustic sound. As Kitty Empire wrote for The Observer, "Versatility largely wins out [on SOS]. Only SZA could find room for Travis Scott on a slow jam ballad". Variety's A. D. Amorosi and the Los Angeles Times's Mikael Wood found the composition of "grand and gorgeous" quality; Amorosi in particular deemed Scott the song's centerpiece. Other praise was directed towards his chemistry with SZA in comparison to "Love Galore" and Rowe's voice as (in tandem with Scott's feature) a "nice nod" to Ctrl. Meanwhile, writing for Time, Andrew Chow and Moises Mendez II thought Scott's contributions were tolerable at best, and Mendez was more impressed with his background vocals for "Low".

 Credits 
Adapted from the liner notes of SOSRecording and management

Engineered at Ponzu Studios and Westlake Studio A (Los Angeles, California)
Mixed at Ponzu
Mastered at Becker Mastering (Pasadena, California)Personnel

 Charts 

 Weekly charts 

 Year-end charts 

 Notes 

 References 

Roshel Senator
The Roshel Senator is a wheeled military armoured car produced by Roshel of Canada, based on a Ford F-550 chassis. As an APC, it is designed to protect against small arms fire. While designed as effectively a highly versatile SWAT platform, for peacekeeping and law enforcement activities, it is capable of light duty as an armoured personnel carrier (APC) or infantry mobility vehicle (IMV).
Roshel classifies it as an APC.

 History 
Production began in April 2018, with the vehicle entering service later that year.In 2020, during the Crew Dragon Demo-2 test flight, Senators were used to defend astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley.
In 2022, many newly built Senators were shipped to Ukraine as part of military aid packages to the Ukrainian government during the Russian invasion. Some of the donated Senators have been deployed by the State Border Service of Ukraine. In response to the increase in demand, Roshel plans to ramp up production to 1,000 vehicles a year. This was the first time the vehicle was used for combat.
In January 2023, Canada announced an aid package to Ukraine worth $90 million CAD (US$67.3 million) for 200 Senators. That same month, the Interior Minister of Tuzla Canton in Bosnia and Herzegovina announced that it had acquired four Senators for police use.By 10 July 2023, defence-blog.com reported that 550 Senators have been delivered to the Ukrainian Armed Forces As of 5 November 2023, it has been visually confirmed that 4 units were destroyed, 2 damaged and 2 were captured by Russian forces On October 21, 2023, Ukraine took delivery of another batch of Senators, having a total of 750 Senators.On 21 December 2023, the 1000th Senator had been delivered to the Ukrainian Armed Forces.

 Operators 
 Bosnia and Herzegovina – Acquired four vehicles for Tuzla Canton police in January 2023. Acquired 5 more for police of Sarajevo Canton. Acquired 2 more for the Federation.
 Costa Rica
 Ukraine – 8 Senators shipped to Ukraine in 2022. 200 Senators being provided to Ukraine from January 2023. 1000 Roshel Senators in total delivered by December 2023.
 United States
 National Aeronautics and Space Administration

 Non operators 
 Russia - 2 units were captured by Russian troops.

 See also 

M1151

 References 

 External links 
Roshel Senator

List of Arizona Cardinals head coaches
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football team based in Glendale, Arizona. The Cardinals compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) West division. The team began as the Morgan Athletic Club in 1898 in Chicago, Illinois. The team's second name was the Racine Normals, since it played at Normal Field on Racine Street.  In 1901, they were renamed to the Racine Street Cardinals, a name that came from the University of Chicago jerseys that the team used, which were described as "Cardinal red". The team was established in Chicago in 1898 and was a charter member of the NFL in 1920. The team has played their home games at the State Farm Stadium since 2006 and is the oldest franchise in the NFL.The team has moved to numerous cities during its history. After staying in Chicago from 1920 to 1959, it moved to St. Louis, Missouri and remained there from 1960 to 1987. It played in Tempe, Arizona, from 1988 to 2005, before eventually settling in Glendale, Arizona in 2006, where it now resides. Since 1920, two Cardinals coaches have won the NFL Championship: Norman Barry in 1925 and Jimmy Conzelman in 1947. Six other coaches—Don Coryell, Jim Hanifan, Vince Tobin, Ken Whisenhunt, Bruce Arians, and Kliff Kingsbury—have led the Cardinals to the playoffs, and in 2009 they went to the  Super Bowl.There have been 43 head coaches for the Cardinals franchise since it became a professional team in 1920; fourteen of the team's coaches are former Cardinals players. Ernie Nevers and Jimmy Conzelman are the only coaches to have had more than one tenure with the team. Pop Ivy and Gene Stallings both coached the team during its move from one city to another. Cardinals coach Roy Andrews is tied for the lowest winning percentage among the team's coaches (.000), having lost the only game he coached in the 1931 season. Co-coach Walt Kiesling lost all ten games he coached in 1943, when the team merged with the Steelers during World War II and was known as Card-Pitt. Co-coaches Ray Willsey, Ray Prochaska, and Chuck Drulis have the highest winning percentage among Cardinals coaches (1.000). The team's all-time leader in games coached is Ken Whisenhunt, who was hired on January 14, 2007, with 96. Whisenhunt was fired on December 31, 2012, after the Cardinals recorded a 5–11 record in 2012. The all-time leader in wins is Bruce Arians with fifty, including one playoff victory.

 Key 

 Coaches 
Note: The list begins in 1920, when the Cardinals became a professional team. Statistics are accurate through the end of the 2023 NFL season.

 Notes 

 References 

Mohamed Abdelmonem
Mohamed Abdelmonem El-Sayed Mohamed Ahmed (Arabic: مُحَمَّد عَبد الْمُنْعِم السَّيِّد مُحَمَّد أَحمَد; born 1 February 1999) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Egyptian Premier League club Al Ahly and the Egypt national team. Abdelmonem featured in the final 2021 AFCON game against Senegal.

 Career statistics 

 Club 
As of match played 19 September 2022

 International 
As of match played 6 February 2022Scores and results list Egypt's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Abdelmonem goal.

 Honours and achievements 
Al AhlyEgyptian Premier League: 2022–23
FIFA Club World Cup: Third-Place 2021, 2023
Egypt Cup: 2021–22
Egyptian Super Cup: 2021–22, 2022–23, 2023–24
CAF Champions League: 2022-23

 Awards 
Africa Cup of Nations Dream Team: 2021

 References 

California Pacific University
California Pacific University (or Cal Pacific University) was a private university originally founded in Escondido, California. Its law school was originally located in Bakersfield, California. The university was aimed towards working professionals in business management. The school of law was accredited by the California State Bar Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of California.

 History 
CPU was founded in 1976. It was founded by:

N. Charles Dalton, (Principal)
H. Ronald Domnitz, a retired San Diego Superior Court Judge, current attorney and  family law mediator.
Norm Deimling, MBA president of the Joshua Foundation
Mark Dalton, MBA
Jane DaltonThe university was located in Escondido, California, 30 miles northeast of downtown San Diego. California Pacific later moved to the city of Pinole in northern California. California Pacific University provided educational bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees on and off campus. It has been reported to have had a staff of 7. California Pacific University once had an affiliation with Alabama A&M University, in a partnership to host its evening MBA program in San Diego California.The university was  approved under the qualitative standards mandated by the State of California Educational Reform Act of 1977. Moreover, it was approved by the State of California to offer academic degree programs by distance study without residency requirements. In June 1986, the California Postsecondary Education Commission in cooperation with the Student Aid Commission listed California Pacific University as an eligible and approved university to participate in the California Cal Grant student aid program on the recommendation of The California State Superintendent of Public Instruction and Education.In a 1989 report protecting the integrity of California degrees to the Governor and to the California Legislature, the California Postsecondary Education Commission described California Pacific University's programs as follows:

California Pacific University … was established in 1976 to train professional managers who are capable of exercising leadership in a variety of settings – public as well as private,who are skilled in the theoretical, analytical, and human resources areas of management, and who respect the dignity and worth of the individuals with whom they work. It offers bachelor's, master's and doctor's degrees only in its particular area of expertise – business and management-- rather than trying to cover a wide variety of fields, as do some other universities.
The university received an honorable mention from widely known Author John Bear in his 1989 book "Bear's Guide to Earning Non-Traditional College Degrees" and further mentioned in his 1995 book "College Degrees by Mail" as one of the nations top 100 good schools that offer, Bachelor's, Master's, Doctorates and Law Degrees by Home Study.Founder of California Pacific University, Charles Dalton was instrumental in helping to get the Assembly Bill 1993 amended. On June 21, 1990, he appeared and gave a public testimony on behalf of California Pacific University alongside representatives of many other California postsecondary colleges and universities expressing concerns as to multiple articles of the (Assembly Bill 1993) and new regulations for California state oversight of private colleges, universities, and vocational schools. After review of all oral testimonies, a public preliminary draft of regulations to implement the "Private Postsecondary and Vocational Education Reform Act of 1989" was issued by the California Postsecondary Education Commission in October 1990. This was in response to the Assembly Bill 1993 (Chapter 1324,Statutes of 1989). In 1991, the California Postsecondary Education Commission found that the state's standards relating to institutional stability, institutional integrity, and  consumer protection, were more stringent than those required by the accrediting agencies.  The commission, therefore, advised against the state's relying directly on regional and national accrediting agency processes in  lieu of the State's licensure processes. Dalton died on April 11, 2011, of natural causes in Escondido, California.

 California Pacific School Of Law 
California Pacific School of Law was Located in the Civic Center of Bakersfield, California. The universities school of law hosted evening classes which provided full-time working adults an opportunity to earn a Juris Doctor law degree while working and meeting other family obligations.California Pacific University School of Law was accredited by the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of California. The schools Law studies met the educational requirements of the State Bar of California, therefore its graduates had the opportunity to sit for the California General Bar Exam. CPSL was mentioned in David Hollander's 1997 edition of "The Best Law Schools" as one of many good law schools in the USA.In addition, CPSL operated with the approval of the California State Department of Education, California Bureau for Private Postsecondary and Vocational Education, now the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education as a law school, which was authorized to grant the Juris Doctor (JD) degree. 
Bar review courses were also offered for local law school graduates and California Pacific students in preparation of the California bar examination The school operated for 17 years until its closure in the early 2000’s

 California Pacific School of Business Academics 
The university observed the quarter system. Credits were earned in 5 quarter units and covered courses in Business Administration and Management, Operations, General, Health and Medical Administration.
The university offered the following degrees:

Bachelor of Business Administration
Bachelor of Computer Science
Master of Business Administration
Master of Arts in Healthcare Administration
MBA with Emphasis in Healthcare Administration
Doctor of Business Administration
Doctor of PhilosophyUpon completion of an MA in Healthcare Administration or MA in Management and Human Behavior, degree holders were eligible to sit for Licensure as a California Nursing Home Administrator

 Approval and accreditation 
The university gained approval by the California Department of Education in the mid 1980s.In 1986, the California Postsecondary Education Commission in cooperation with the Student Aid Commission listed California Pacific University as an eligible and approved university to participate in the California Cal Grant student aid program on the recommendation of The California State Superintendent of Public Instruction and Education.  The university was accredited by Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools. Later, CPU received approval through the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary and Vocational Education (BPPVE). However, the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary and Vocational Education ceased operation on July 1, 2007. In 2009, CPU was a listed applicant to gain accreditation in a report issued by the Distance Education Accrediting Commission, an accreditor recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation and the United States Department of Education. In 2010, the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE), a new agency contracted by the California Department of Consumer Affairs was established to replace the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary and Vocational Education to continue regulating private postsecondary educational institutions operating in the state. Under the new agency regulations, California Pacific maintained its approval (California School Code #3701571) to grant BBAs, MBAs, MAs, DBAs and PhDs in Management, Business, Health Care, and Human Behavior.

 2016 closure 
On July 22, 2016, the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education denied California Pacific's annual application to renew its approval to operate due to non-compliance of an annual report required by the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education. Under the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education California Education Code Section 94888, an institution that is denied renewal of an approval to operate may file an appeal. However, the university waived its right to appeal and closed its doors. The California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education recognized California Pacific University as an approved institution until September 12, 2016. The university officially closed on September 18, 2016.
Student records are maintained by the custodian of record as required under the California Department of Education and the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education's local law Article 3. Maintenance of Records 71930. Student records are referred to the "closed school" unit of the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education.

 References 

 External links 
Custodian of Record For Cal Pac's Website

Bozeman Pass
Bozeman Pass el. 5,702 feet (1,738 m) is a mountain pass situated approximately 13 miles (21 km) east of Bozeman, Montana and approximately 15 miles (24 km) west of Livingston, Montana on Interstate 90. It separates the Bridger and Gallatin mountain ranges.
It is named after pioneer John Bozeman, a young Georgian who opened the Bozeman Trail from Fort Laramie, Wyoming to Virginia City, Montana in 1863, via the pass which now bears his name.  The pass is part of a transcontinental railroad route constructed by the Northern Pacific Railway between Saint Paul, Minnesota and Tacoma, Washington. The Northern Pacific opened a 3,652 feet (1,113 m) tunnel under the Pass in 1884. A shorter 3,015 feet (919 m) tunnel just north of the original opened in 1945. The tracks are now used by BNSF Railway.
Sacagawea, the Shoshone woman who guided parts of the Lewis and Clark Expedition (the Corps of Discovery), led Captain William Clark and his party of ten men through the pass on July 15, 1806. They were eastward bound and planned to explore the Yellowstone River to its mouth, where they were to rejoin Captain Meriwether Lewis and party, who were returning eastward via the Missouri River.,

 See also 
Mountain passes in Montana

 Notes 

 External links 

Bozeman Pass Web Cam - Regularly updates pictures of the pass.  Also has links to wind and temps.

Wayne Connolly
Wayne Paul Connolly is an Australian music producer, audio engineer and musician. From 1991 to 1997 Connolly played lead guitar and sang in guitar group The Welcome Mat and released two studio albums. Since 1994, he has played in Knievel with Tracy Ellis and Nick Kennedy. Knievel have released four studio albums and a compilation of B-sides and rarities. 

 Career 

 Musician 
Connolly formed The Welcome Mat in 1990 with Cory Messenger on vocals and guitar, Pete Bennett on drums (ex-Fiction Romance) and Dave Moss on bass guitar. Leo Mullins (of The Benedicts) replaced Moss on bass guitar in 1991. They released two albums Gram (1993) and Lap of Honour (1996) before disbanding in 1997. Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane says, "[they] started out as a chirpy, jangly guitar pop outfit before heading in a tougher, though still melodic and harmony-laced, power pop direction."In 1994 Connolly formed Knievel on lead guitar and vocals with Tracy Ellis (ex-Oliver) on bass guitar and Nick Kennedy (ex-Templebears, Big Heavy Stuff) on drums. The group have issued four studio albums, We Fear Change (1995), Steep Hill Climb (1997), The Name Rings a Bell That Drowns out Your Voice (2000) and Emerald City (2012) as well as a B-sides and demos compilation No One's Going to Understand in My Way. Knievel achieved rotation on national youth radio Triple J with several singles, toured locally and internationally, and supported bands such as Luna, Teenage Fanclub, and Death Cab for Cutie.

 Production and audio engineering 
Connolly has balanced playing music with a varied and successful career as a producer and engineer for some of Australia's most respected artists, including Josh Pyke, The Vines, Boy & Bear, Paul Dempsey, Youth Group, Underground Lovers, Died Pretty, Hoodoo Gurus and You Am I.
In the early 1990s he took a job managing Paradise Studios for rooART, which put him in touch with emerging artists providing songs for the Youngblood compilation series. Among these were Underground Lovers, Glide, and Custard, all of whom formed working relationships with the producer. Production credits from the 1990s include Wahooti Fandango by Custard, Fill Yourself With Music by Screamfeeder, The Young Need Discipline, Lazy Highways and Future Spa by The Fauves, In Your Bright Ray by The Go-Betweens' Grant McLennan, and Sold by Died Pretty.
Since the early 2000s, Connolly has also worked with Neil Finn, Cloud Control, Dallas Crane, Sarah Blasko, Silverchair, Jimmy Barnes, The Living End, Grinspoon, Powderfinger, The Veronicas, Midnight Oil's Jim Moginie, Halfway, Dappled Cities, Old Man River, The Grates, Turnstyle and many more. Recent credits include albums for The Apartments, Community Radio, All Our Exes Live in Texas, Husky, Hungry Kids of Hungary, Knievel, Sounds Like Sunset, Babe Rainbow, Tim Hart, Perry Keyes and The Paper Kites.

 Film and television 
In addition to his work in the music recording industry, Connolly has produced work for film and television. His credits include Friday On My Mind, The Kettering Incident, Love Child, The Black Balloon, Newcastle, Little Fish, Monkey Puzzle, Mullet, Willful and Dirty Deeds. The track, "When We Get There", produced for The Black Balloon, won best song at the 2008 AGSC/APRA awards.

 Studios 
From 2007 to 2015, Connolly worked largely from his own studio within the Albert Music premises in Sydney where he housed his restored Neve 8026 desk. Since 2016 he has worked extensively at Hercules Street Studios in Sydney and at the newly refurbished Music Farm Studios in Byron Bay.

 Selected credits 
Credits:
1992:Leaves Me Blind by Underground Lovers1993:Coprolalia by You Am I
Sound as Ever by You Am I1994:Dream It Down by Underground Lovers
Wahooti Fandango by  Custard
The Young Need Discipline by The Fauves1995:Hi Fi Way by You Am I (selected tracks)
Higher Up the Firetrails by Bluebottle Kiss
Sold by Died Pretty1996:Hourly Daily by You Am I
Rushall Station by Underground Lovers
Disappear Here by Glide
Future Spa by The Fauves1997:In Your Bright Ray by Grant McLennan
Steep Hill Climb by Knievel1998:Lazy Highways by The Fauves
Using My Gills as a Roadmap by Died Pretty1999:Sweeter Than the Radio by Icecream Hands
King Autumn by Hoolahan2000:Everydaydream by Died Pretty
Urban & Eastern by Youth Group
The Name Rings a Bell that Drowns out your Voice by Knievel2001:Size of the Ocean by Big Heavy Stuff
First Translated in 1965 by Ides of Space
Griffith Sunset EP by Evan Dando2002:Drag (EP) by Drag
We Got This! by New Christs2004:Dallas Crane by Dallas Crane
Skeleton Jar by Youth Group
The Truth About Love by David McCormack & The Polaroids
Dear Friends and Enemies by Big Heavy Stuff
Farewell to the Fainthearted by Halfway2006:Forever Young by Youth Group
Factory Girls by Dallas Crane
Casino Twilight Dogs by Youth Group
Vision Valley by The Vines
Nervous Flashlights by The Fauves
Flame Trees by Sarah Blasko
Remember The River by Halfway2007:The Bells Line by 78 Saab
Memories & Dust by Josh Pyke2008:When Good Times Go Good by The Fauves
Chimney's Afire by Josh Pyke
Easy Fever: A Tribute to the Easybeats and Stevie Wright by Various Artists (including Neil Finn, Jimmy Barnes and Iva Davies)2009:Zounds by Dappled Cities
Everything Is True by Paul Dempsey
Ragged & Ecstatic (select tracks) by Yves Klein Blue2010:An Outpost of Promise by Halfway2012:Young North by The Paper Kites
Serious Magic by Community Radio
Emerald City/Through the Rainbow Dark by Knievel2013:Harlequin Dream by Boy & Bear
You're A Shadow by Hungry Kids of Hungary
States by The Paper Kites
Lemons by Woodlock2014:Labour of Love by Woodlock
Echoes in the Aviary by Jane Tyrell
Broken Lines by Patrick James
We Could Leave Tonight by Sounds Like Sunset2015:Baby Blue by Noire
No Song, No Spell, No Madrigal by The Apartments2016:Look Now You're Cursed by Community Radio
When We Fall by All Our Exes Live in Texas
Zone by Cloud Control2018:Jim Salmon's Lament by Perry Keyes
The Narrow Corner by Tim Hart2021:Changing Colours by Babe Rainbow
To Find Happiness by Josh Pyke (selected tracks)2022:Chariot of the Gods by Hoodoo Gurus2023:Treats by Victoria (selected tracks)

 Awards and nominations 
In 1992, Connolly produced the Underground Lovers album, Leaves Me Blind, and subsequently received Rolling Stone magazine's Best Australian Record award. The following year he engineered You Am I's fourth EP Coprolalia and their debut album Sound As Ever, alongside Lee Ranaldo of Sonic Youth. This album went on to win the 1993 ARIA for Best Alternative Release. He has received numerous ARIA nominations and awards for his work, including Producer of the Year for his work on Josh Pyke's Memories and Dust in 2007, and Engineer of the Year for his work on Paul Dempsey's "Fast Friends" in 2010.
1996 – ARIA Engineer of the Year for You Am I, Hourly Daily
2007 – ARIA Engineer of the Year for Josh Pyke, Memories and Dust
2007 – ARIA Award for Producer of the Year for Josh Pyke, Memories and Dust
2010 – ARIA Engineer of the Year for Paul Dempsey, "Fast Friends"Nominations

2006 – ARIA Producer of the Year for Youth Group, Casino Twilight Dogs
2006 – ARIA Engineer of the Year for The Vines, Vision Valley
2009 – ARIA Producer of the Year for Paul Dempsey, "Everything is True"
2023 – ARIA Engineer of the Year for The Teskey Brothers, "The Winding Way"

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Alberts Music
Knievel's Facebook page

Fatberg
A fatberg is a rock-like mass of waste matter in a sewer system formed by the combination of flushed non-biodegradable solids, such as wet wipes, and fat, oil, and grease (FOG) deposits. The handling of FOG waste and the buildup of its deposits are a long-standing problem in waste management, with "fatberg" a more recent neologism. Fatbergs have formed in sewers worldwide, with the rise in usage of disposable (so-called "flushable") cloths. Several prominent examples were discovered in the 2010s in Great Britain, their formation accelerated by aging Victorian sewers. Fatbergs are costly to remove, and they have given rise to public awareness campaigns about flushable waste.

 Formation 
Fatbergs form at the rough surfaces of sewers where the fluid flow becomes turbulent. In pipes and tubes with smooth inner linings, fluid near the containing wall flows only slightly slower than fluid in the central channel of the pipe; thus, the whole volume of fluid flows smoothly and freely. When fluid encounters an obstruction, a resulting swirl of water starts trapping debris. Fatbergs occur in sewer systems around the globe, in cities and smaller towns.An obstruction can be any type of rough surface capable of snagging debris. In brick or concrete sewers there may be surplus cement drips, damaged brickwork, or loose mortar joints damaged by frost heave. In any sub-surface pipe, even of the most advanced design, penetration by foreign intrusions such as tree roots is a commonplace cause of a fatberg blockage.
Fatbergs are not just the result of fats that have congealed through cooling. The lipids in fatbergs have undergone a process of sapo­nifi­cation. Fatbergs thus require four main components: calcium, free fatty acids, FOG, and water. Comprising not only wet wipes and fat, fatbergs may contain other items that do not break apart or dissolve when flushed down the toilet, such as sanitary napkins, cotton buds, needles, condoms and food waste washed down kitchen sinks. The resulting lumps of congealed material can be as strong as concrete, and require specialist equipment to remove. In the United States, almost half of all sewer blockages are caused by grease, combined with the evergrowing use of wipes that end up in sewer systems.

 Impact 
Fatbergs can cause blockages in sewer systems. Giant fatbergs have blocked sewers in London, New York, Denver, Valencia, and Melbourne. Blocked fat reacts with the lining of the pipe and undergoes saponification, converting the oil into a solid, soap-like substance. Grease and fat blockages can cause sanitary sewer overflows, in which sewage is discharged into the environment without treatment.Fatbergs have been considered as a source of fuel, specifically biogas. Most of the fatberg discovered in Whitechapel in London in 2017, weighing 130 tonnes (130,000 kg; 140 short tons) and stretching more than 250 metres (820 ft), was converted into biodiesel.

 Mitigation 
Fatbergs can be mitigated through public awareness campaigns about flushable waste and grease traps for filtration at the source. Many U.S. municipalities require restaurants and food processing businesses to use grease interceptors and regulate the disposal of FOG in the sewer system. Campaigns have been launched against wet wipes because of their effect on sewer systems, most notably by Surfers Against Sewage and the Marine Conservation Society, among other environmental NGOs, who called on the UK's Advertising Standards Authority to end “misleading” branding and packaging.In 2022, Australia and New Zealand developed a product labelling standard to help determine if a product is flushable.

 Etymology 

Fatberg is a compound of the words fat and iceberg. The word was used in 2008 to describe "large, rock-like lumps of cooking fat" washing up on beaches in Wales, and by 2010 was used in reference to sewer-blocking fat deposits in London.The word was added to Oxford Dictionaries Online in 2015. The term is used by authorities at Thames Water and South West Water, both in southern England.

 Notable fatbergs 
6 August 2013: A fatberg roughly the size of a bus that weighed 15 tonnes (17 short tons), consisting of food fat and wet wipes, was discovered in drains under London Road in Kingston upon Thames, London.
1 September 2014: A solid mass of waste fat, wet wipes, food, tennis balls and wood planks, the size of a Boeing 747 aeroplane was discovered and cleared by sanitation workers in a drain beneath a 80-metre (260 ft) section of road in Shepherd's Bush, London.
3 September 2014: The sewerage system beneath Melbourne, Australia was clogged by a large mass of fat, grease and waste.
January 2015: As part of a campaign against drain blocking, Welsh Water released a video showing a fatberg in drains in Cardiff.
April 2015: A 40-metre-long (130 ft) fatberg was removed from sewers under Chelsea. It took over two months to remove, and the damage it caused cost an estimated £400,000 to repair.
July 2015: A 120-metre-long (390 ft) fatberg was discovered in Welshpool in mid-Wales.
January 2016: A blockage caused by a fatberg near Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia, damaged the Eleebana sewage pumping station. The fatberg "weighed about a tonne [1.1 short tons] and took four hours to remove" by crane.September 2017: A 250-metre-long (820 ft) fatberg weighing over 130 tonnes (140 short tons) was found under Whitechapel, London. Even working seven days a week at a cost of £1 million per month, officials estimated it would take two months to destroy it. Two pieces of the fatberg were cut off on 4 October 2017 and, after several weeks of drying, were displayed at the Museum of London from 9 February 2018 through June 2018, as part of the museum's City Now City Future season. According to curator Vyki Sparkes, the fatberg became one of the museum's most popular exhibits.
September 2017: A fatberg of congealed fat, wet wipes, and waste was discovered under the streets of Baltimore, Maryland, US that caused the spillage of 1.2 million US gallons (4.5 million litres; 1.0 million imperial gallons) of sewage into Jones Falls.
April 2018: A fatberg discovered under South Bank in London is suspected to be larger than the one found under Whitechapel.
12 September 2018: Workers in Macomb County, Michigan, US discovered a fatberg 100 feet long, 11 feet wide and as much as 6 feet tall. The Michigan Science Center launched a 'fatberg' exhibit in December 2018, which included real pieces from the mass found in September.
December 2018: Sewer workers discovered a fatberg in Sidmouth, Devon that was 64 metres (210 ft) long. Workers took eight weeks to remove it. It was the largest fatberg discovered in the UK outside a major city, and the largest in the history of South West Water.
February 2019: The largest fatberg in the UK was discovered in a sewer at Birchall Street in Liverpool. It weighed 400 tonnes (440 short tons) and was 250 metres (820 ft) long. It proved to be difficult to break down using conventional tools and equipment. It was finally removed in May 2021 using a new method of clearing, which consisted of workers feeding a steel rope through it and then cutting it with a jet.
December 2019: A large fatberg in the north of England was reported by United Utilities under HM Prison Manchester. The 52-metre-long (170 ft) fatberg was estimated to weigh "around the same as three elephants", taking several weeks to remove fully.
April 2020: A 42-tonne (46-short-ton) fatberg the size of a petrol tanker was discovered in Melbourne, Australia. Its unusually large size in relation to other Australian blockages (far exceeding the 2014 and 2016 Australian fatbergs) was blamed primarily on the shortage of toilet paper caused by the COVID-19 outbreak.
26 June 2020: Two years after a large mass of fat was jet cleaned from Gisborne's sewer network in New Zealand, a half-tonne fatberg built up in the same place. The second fatberg caused an overflow of the wastewater system, which the Gisborne District Council attributed to COVID-19 claiming that they "had significant problems with pump stations blocking because more people were at home and their behaviour had changed."
October 2020: A 10-tonne fatberg made up of grease, fat, and wet wipes was removed from sewers under Cadogan Place in London, England.
February 2021: A "huge and disgusting" fatberg described as having the same weight as a bungalow was removed from under Yabsley Street in Canary Wharf, London, England.
April 2021: A giant fatberg, weighing about 300 tonnes, was found to be clogging a sewer in the Hodge Hill area of Birmingham, England. Severn Trent commented that it was estimated to be one of the biggest blockages they had ever dealt with.

 References 

42 (number)
42 (forty-two) is the natural number that follows 41 and precedes 43. 

 Mathematics 
Forty-two (42) is the sixth pronic number and the eighth abundant number, with an abundance of 12, equal to the average of its eight divisors as an arithmetic number.Its prime factorization 
  
    
      
        2
        ×
        3
        ×
        7
      
    
    {\displaystyle 2\times 3\times 7}
   makes it the second sphenic number. 42 is the aliquot sum of 30, the smallest sphenic number and second number to have an abundance of 12 after 24, and preceding 42.
It is also the sum of the first six positive non-zero even numbers, 
  
    
      
        2
        +
        4
        +
        6
        +
        8
        +
        10
        +
        12
      
    
    {\displaystyle 2+4+6+8+10+12}
  , and a Harshad number in decimal, because the sum of its digits is six 
  
    
      
        (
        4
        +
        2
        =
        6
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (4+2=6)}
  , which evenly divides 42.
42 is the fifth Catalan number, following 14; consequently, it is
Additionally, 42 is the smallest number 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
   that is equal to the sum its non-prime proper divisors; i.e. 
  
    
      
        42
        =
        1
        +
        6
        +
        14
        +
        21
      
    
    {\displaystyle 42=1+6+14+21}
   (with the latter term representing the sixth triangular number).42 is also the third primary pseudoperfect number, and the first (2,6)-perfect number (super-multiperfect), where 
  
    
      
        
          σ
          
            2
          
        
        (
        n
        )
        =
        σ
        (
        σ
        (
        n
        )
        )
        =
        6
        n
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle \sigma ^{2}(n)=\sigma (\sigma (n))=6n.}
  42 is the number of integer partition of 10: the number of ways of expressing 10 as a sum of positive integers. 1111123, one of the forty-two unordered integer partitions of 10, has 42 ordered compositions, since 
  
    
      
        7
        !
        ÷
        5
        !
        =
        42.
      
    
    {\displaystyle 7!\div 5!=42.}
  
As a polygonal number, 42 is the first (non-trivial) fifteen-sided pentadecagonal number. It is also the fourth meandric number, and seventh open meandric number (following 8 and 14, respectively).
On the other hand, an angle of 42 degrees can be constructed solely with a compass and straight edge with the use of the golden ratio; i.e. through the difference between constructible angles of 60 and 18 degrees (with root pentagonal symmetry).
Where the plane-vertex tiling 3.10.15 is constructible through elementary methods, the largest such tiling, 3.7.42, is not. This means that the 42-sided tetracontadigon is the largest such regular polygon that can only tile a vertex alongside other regular polygons, without tiling the plane.42 is also the first non-trivial hendecagonal (11-gonal) pyramidal number, after 12. Otherwise, forty-two is the least possible number of diagonals of a simple convex hendecahedron (or 11-faced polyhedron).42 is the only known 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
   that is equal to the number of sets of four distinct positive integers 
  
    
      
        (
        a
        ,
        b
        ,
        c
        ,
        d
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (a,b,c,d)}
   — each less than 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
   — such that 
  
    
      
        
           
        
        a
        b
        −
        c
        d
        ,
        
           
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\text{ }}ab-cd,{\text{ }}}
   
  
    
      
        a
        c
        −
        b
        d
        
           
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle ac-bd{\text{ }}}
   and 
  
    
      
        
           
        
        a
        d
        −
        b
        c
        
           
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\text{ }}ad-bc{\text{ }}}
   are all multiples of 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
  . Whether there are other values remains an open question.42 is the resulting number of the original Smith number: 
  
    
      
        4937775
        =
        3
        ×
        5
        ×
        5
        ×
        65837.
      
    
    {\displaystyle 4937775=3\times 5\times 5\times 65837.}
   Both the sum of its digits, 
  
    
      
        4
        +
        9
        +
        3
        +
        7
        +
        7
        +
        7
        +
        5
      
    
    {\displaystyle 4+9+3+7+7+7+5}
  , and the sum of the digits in its prime factorization, 
  
    
      
        3
        +
        5
        +
        5
        +
        (
        6
        +
        5
        +
        8
        +
        3
        +
        7
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle 3+5+5+(6+5+8+3+7)}
  , result in 42.42 is the number of isomorphism classes of all simple and oriented directed graphs on four vertices. I.e., the number of all outcomes (up to isomorphism) of a tournament of four teams where a game between a pair of teams results in three possible outcomes: wins from either team, or a draw.42 is the fourth Robbins number, equivalently the number of 
  
    
      
        4
        ×
        4
      
    
    {\displaystyle 4\times 4}
   alternating sign matrices. It is also the number of ways to arrange the numbers 
  
    
      
        1
      
    
    {\displaystyle 1}
   through 
  
    
      
        9
      
    
    {\displaystyle 9}
   in a 
  
    
      
        3
        ×
        3
      
    
    {\displaystyle 3\times 3}
   matrix such that the numbers in each row and column are in ascending order.

42 is the magic constant of the smallest non-trivial magic cube, a 
  
    
      
        3
        ×
        3
        ×
        3
      
    
    {\displaystyle 3\times 3\times 3}
   cube with entries of 1 through 27, where every row, column, corridor, and diagonal passing through the center sums to forty-two.42 is the number of (3, 3, 3) standard Young tableaux that use distinct entries (as well as the number of (2, 2, 2, 2, 2) tableaux).The last natural number less than 100 whose representation as a sum of three cubes was found (in 2019) is forty-two, where,
The dimension of the Borel subalgebra in the exceptional Lie algebra e6 is 42.
42 is the smallest number 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
   such that for every Riemann surface 
  
    
      
        
          C
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathbf {C} }
   of genus 
  
    
      
        g
        ≥
        2
      
    
    {\displaystyle g\geq 2}
  , 
  
    
      
        #
        
          Aut
        
        (
        C
        )
        ≤
        k
         
        
          deg
        
        (
        
          K
          
            C
          
        
        )
        =
        k
        (
        2
        g
        −
        2
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \#{\text{Aut}}(C)\leq k\ {\text{deg}}(K_{C})=k(2g-2)}
   (by the Hurwitz's automorphisms theorem). 
This is related to 42  being the largest 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
   where there exist positive integers 
  
    
      
        p
        ,
        q
        ,
        r
      
    
    {\displaystyle p,q,r}
   whose reciprocals alongside that of forty-two generate the sum,
Notice that the first three unit fractions are the first values in the infinite series (of Egyptian fractions) that most rapidly converges to 
  
    
      
        1
      
    
    {\displaystyle 1}
   (see, Sylvester's sequence).

 Other properties 
42 is also ten factorial divided by the number of seconds in a day; i.e., 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              10
              !
            
            86400
          
        
        =
        42.
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\frac {10!}{86400}}=42.}
  42 is the smallest integer that can only be made from a minimal number of fours (seven) using only addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, where an intermediate value has to be a non-integer: 
  
    
      
        42
        =
        (
        4
        +
        4
        )
        ×
        (
        4
        +
        
          
            
              4
              +
              
                
                  4
                  4
                
              
            
            4
          
        
        )
        =
        8
        ×
        5.25.
      
    
    {\displaystyle 42=(4+4)\times (4+{\frac {4+{\frac {4}{4}}}{4}})=8\times 5.25.}
  

 Science 
42 is the atomic number of molybdenum.
42 is the atomic mass of one of the naturally occurring stable isotopes of calcium.
The angle rounded to whole degrees for which a rainbow appears (the critical angle).
In 1966, mathematician Paul Cooper theorized that the fastest, most efficient way to travel across continents would be to bore a straight hollow tube directly through the Earth, connecting a set of antipodes, remove the air from the tube and fall through. The first half of the journey consists of free-fall acceleration, while the second half consists of an exactly equal deceleration. The time for such a journey works out to be 42 minutes. Even if the tube does not pass through the exact center of the Earth, the time for a journey powered entirely by gravity (known as a gravity train) always works out to be 42 minutes, so long as the tube remains friction-free, as while the force of gravity would be lessened, the distance traveled is reduced at an equal rate. (The same idea was proposed, without calculation by Lewis Carroll in 1893 in Sylvie and Bruno Concluded.) Now we know that is inaccurate, and it only would take about 38 minutes.
As determined by the Babylonians, in 79 years, Mars orbits the Sun almost exactly 42 times.
The hypothetical efficiency of converting mass to energy, as per 
  
    
      
        E
        =
        m
        
          c
          
            2
          
        
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle E=mc^{2},}
   by having a given mass orbit a rotating black hole, is 42%, the highest efficiency yet known to modern physics.
In Powers of Ten by Ray and Charles Eames, the known universe from large-scale to small-scale is represented by 42 different powers of ten. These powers range from 1025 meters to 10−17 meters.

 Technology 
Magic numbers used by programmers:
In TIFF (Tag Image File Format), the second 16-bit word of every file is 42, "an arbitrary but carefully chosen number that further identifies the file as a TIFF file".
In the reiser4 file system, 42 is the inode number of the root directory.
In the military IRIG 106 Chapter 10 data recording standard, the hex value 0x464F52545974776F (ASCII "FORTYtwo") is used as a magic number to identify directory blocks.
The GNU C Library, a set of standard routines available for use in computer programming, contains a function—memfrob()—which performs an XOR combination of a given variable and the binary pattern 00101010 (42) as an XOR cipher.
Tiling a plane using regular hexagons, which is honeycomb in appearance, is approximated in a topological sense to an accuracy of better than 1% using a stretcher bond brick pattern with bricks of 42 squares (6 by 7).
The password expiration policy for a Microsoft Windows domain defaults to 42 days.
The ASCII code 42 is for the asterisk symbol, being a wildcard for everything.

 Astronomy 
Messier object M42, a magnitude 5.0 diffuse nebula in the constellation Orion, also known as the Orion Nebula.
The New General Catalogue object NGC 42, a spiral galaxy in the constellation Pegasus.
In January 2004, asteroid 2001 DA42 was given the permanent name 25924 Douglasadams, for the author Douglas Adams who popularized the number 42.  Adams died in 2001. Brian G. Marsden, the director of the Minor Planet Center and the secretary for the naming committee, remarked that, with even his initials in the provisional designation, "This was sort of made for him, wasn't it?".
Kepler-42, a red dwarf in the constellation Cygnus that hosts the three smallest exoplanets found to date.
42 Isis, a large main-belt asteroid measuring about 100 km in diameter.

 Religion 
Ancient Egyptian religion: Over most of pharaonic Egyptian history, the empire was divided into 42 nomes.  Ancient Egyptian religion and mythological structure frequently model this terrestrial structure.42 body parts of Osiris: In some traditions of the Osiris myth, Seth slays Osiris and distributes his 42 body parts all over Egypt.  (In others, the number is fourteen and sixteen).
42 negative confessions:  In Ancient Egyptian religion, the 42 negative confessions were a list of questions asked of deceased persons making their journey through the underworld after death. Ma'at was an abstract concept representing moral law, order, and truth in both the physical and moral spheres, as well as being an important goddess in the religion. In the judgment scene described in the Egyptian Book of the Dead, which evolved from the Coffin Texts and the Pyramid Texts, 42 questions were asked of the deceased person as part of the assessment of Ma'at. If the deceased person could reasonably give answers to the 42 questions, they would be permitted to enter the afterlife. These 42 questions are known as the "42 Negative Confessions" and can be found in funerary texts such as the Papyrus of Ani.
42 books in the core library: Clement of Alexandria states that the Egyptian temple library is divided into 42 "absolutely necessary" books that formed the stock of a core library.  36 contain the entire philosophy of the Egyptians which are memorized by the priests. While the remaining 6, are learned by the Pastophoroi (image-bearers). (36 is like-wise a sacred number in Egyptian thought, related to time, in particular the thirty-six Decan stars and the thirty-six, 10-day "weeks" in the Egyptian year.) The 42 books were not canonized like the Hebrew bible; they only supported and never replaced temple ritual. Hence, the destruction of the Egyptian temples and the cessation of the rituals ended Egyptian cultural continuity.
Abrahamic religions
There are 42 Stations of the Exodus which are the locations visited by the Israelites following their exodus from Egypt, recorded in Numbers 33, with variations also recorded in the books of Exodus and Deuteronomy.
In 2 Kings 2:24, the she-bears summoned by Elisha kill forty-two boys.
In Judaism, the number (in the Babylonian Talmud, compiled 375 AD to 499 AD) of the "Forty-Two Lettered Name" ascribed to God. Rab (or Rabhs), a 3rd-century source in the Talmud stated "The Forty-Two Lettered Name is entrusted only to him who is pious, meek, middle-aged, free from bad temper, sober, and not insistent on his rights". [Source: Talmud Kidduschin 71a, Translated by Rabbi I. Epstein]. Maimonides felt that the original Talmudic Forty-Two Lettered Name was perhaps composed of several combined divine names [Maimonides "Moreh"]. The apparently unpronouncable Tetragrammaton provides the backdrop from the Twelve-Lettered Name and the Forty-Two Lettered Name of the Talmud.
In Judaism, by some traditions the Torah scroll is written with no fewer than 42 lines per column, based on the journeys of Israel. In the present day, 42 lines is the most common standard, but various traditions remain in use (see Sefer Torah).
42 is the number with which God creates the Universe in Kabbalistic tradition. In Kabbalah, the most significant name is that of the En Sof (also known as "Ein Sof", "Infinite" or "Endless"), who is above the Sefirot (sometimes spelled "Sephirot"). The Forty-Two-Lettered Name contains four combined names which are spelled in Hebrew letters  (spelled in letters = 42 letters), which is the name of Azilut (or "Atziluth" "Emanation"). While there are obvious links between the Forty-Two Lettered Name of the Babylonian Talmud and the Kabbalah's Forty-Two Lettered Name, they are probably not identical because of the Kabbalah's emphasis on numbers. The Kabbalah also contains a Forty-Five Lettered Name and a Seventy-Two Lettered Name.
The number 42 appears in various contexts in Christianity. There are 42 generations (names) in the Gospel of Matthew's version of the Genealogy of Jesus; it is prophesied that for 42 months the Beast will hold dominion over the Earth (Revelation 13:5); 42 men of Beth-azmaveth were counted in the census of men of Israel upon return from exile (Ezra 2:24); God, because of a "curse" Elisha put on them, sent/allowed bears to maul 42  teenage boys who mocked Elisha for his baldness (2 Kings 2:23-24),  “For a thousand years in your sight are like a day that has just gone by, or like a watch in the night.” (Psalm 90:4)→  “Fear God and give Him glory, because the hour of His judgment has come. Worship the One who made the heavens and the earth and the sea and the springs of waters.” (Revelation 14:7)→ 1,000 years per day/24 hours per day ≈ 42 years/hour, etc.
The Gutenberg Bible is also known as the "42-line Bible", as the book contained 42 lines per page.
The Forty-Two Articles (1552), largely the work of Thomas Cranmer, were intended to summarize Anglican doctrine, as it now existed under the reign of Edward VI.
East Asian religions
The Sutra of Forty-two Sections is a Buddhist scripture.
In Japanese culture, the number 42 is considered unlucky because the numerals when pronounced separately—shi ni (four two)—sound like the word "dying", like the Latin word "mori".

 Popular culture 

 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 
The number 42 is, in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams, the "Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything", calculated by an enormous supercomputer named Deep Thought over a period of 7.5 million years. Unfortunately, no one knows what the question is. Thus, to calculate the Ultimate Question, a special computer the size of a small planet was built from organic components and named "Earth". The Ultimate Question "What do you get when you multiply six by nine" is found by Arthur Dent and Ford Prefect in the second book of the series, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe. This appeared first in the radio play and later in the novelization of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. 
The fourth book in the series, the novel So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish, contains 42 chapters. 
According to the novel Mostly Harmless, 42 is the street address of Stavromula Beta. 
In 1994, Adams created the 42 Puzzle, a game based on the number 42. Adams says he picked the number simply as a joke, with no deeper meaning.
Google also has a calculator easter egg when one searches "the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe, and everything." Once typed (all in lowercase), the calculator answers with the number 42.In Hervé Le Tellier's novel The Anomaly, a top-secret US Government protocol receives code number 42, inspired by this source.

 Works of Lewis Carroll 
Lewis Carroll, who was a mathematician, made repeated use of this number in his writings.Examples of Carroll's use of 42:

Alice's Adventures in Wonderland has 42 illustrations.
Alice's attempts at multiplication (chapter two of Alice in Wonderland) work if one uses base 18 to write the first answer, and increases the base by threes to 21, 24, etc. (the answers working up to 4 × 12 = "19" in base 39), but "breaks" precisely when one attempts the answer to 4 × 13 in base 42, leading Alice to declare "oh dear! I shall never get to twenty at that rate!"
Rule Forty-two in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland ("All persons more than a mile high to leave the court").
Rule 42 of the Code in the preface to The Hunting of the Snark ("No one shall speak to the Man at the Helm").
In "fit the first" of The Hunting of the Snark the Baker had "forty-two boxes, all carefully packed, With his name painted clearly on each."
The White Queen announces her age as "one hundred and one, five months and a day", which—if the best possible date is assumed for the action of Through the Looking-Glass (e.g., a date is chosen such that the rollover from February to March is excluded from what would otherwise be an imprecise measurement of "five months and a day")—gives a total of 37,044 days.  If the Red Queen, as part of the same chess set, is regarded as the same age, their combined age is 74,088 days, or 42 × 42 × 42.

 Music 
42 Dugg is an American rapper.
"Forty-two" ("42") is a work (dedicated to Elvis Presley, Joe Dassin and Vladimir Vysotsky) for oboe and symphony orchestra by Estonian composer Peeter Vähi.
Level 42 is an English pop/rock/funk music band.
"42" is one of the tracks on Coldplay′s 2008 album Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends.
"Channel 42" is an electronic music song by deadmau5 featuring Wolfgang Gartner; it appears on the 2012 deadmau5 album Album Title Goes Here.
"42" is a song from Mumford and Sons′ 2018 album Delta.
"42" is a song written and produced by hip-hop and record production trio 3Racha, which consists of members Bang Chan, Han Jisung, and Seo Changbin of popular k-pop group Stray Kids. A lyric in this song states, "Why do we live? What's the purpose? Is it 42? Stop speaking nonsense," which directly references The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy's definition of 42.
""42"" is a song from the 2018 album SR3MM by American rap duo Rae Sremmurd.
"42" is a song from the 2019 album Don′t Panic by the progressive rock band IZZ.  The album is a partial concept album based on The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
"42" is a song by The Disco Biscuits.

 Television and film 
The Kumars at No. 42 is a British comedy television series.
"42" is an episode of Doctor Who, set in real time lasting approximately 42 minutes.
On the game show Jeopardy!,  "Watson" the IBM supercomputer has 42 "threads" in its avatar.
42 is a film on the life of American baseball player Jackie Robinson.
Captain Harlock is sometimes seen wearing clothing with the number 42 on it.
In the Stargate Atlantis season 4 episode "Quarantine", Colonel Sheppard states that Dr. McKay's password ends in 42 because "It's the ultimate answer to the great question of life, the universe and everything."
In Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, the Festival of the Ancestors on Planet Pasaana is held every 42 years. The film itself was released in 2019, 42 years after the 1977 original Star Wars film.  By a "whole string of pretty meaningless coincidences", 2019 is the same year that 42 was found to be the largest possible natural number less than 100 to be expressed as a sum of three cubes.
In the TV show Lost, 42 is one of the numbers used throughout the show for some of its mysteries.
There is a Belgian TV drama called Unit 42 about a special police unit that uses high-tech tools to go after criminals. One of the characters in the pilot episode explains that the unit was named based on the Hitchhiker's Guide.

 Video games 
42 Entertainment is the company responsible for several alternate reality games, including I Love Bees, Year Zero, and Why So Serious.
Tokyo 42 is a video game released in 2017.
Squadron 42 is a video game set in the Star Citizen Universe with an unspecified release date.

 Sports 
The jersey number of Jackie Robinson, which is the only number retired by all Major League Baseball teams. Although the number was retired in 1997, Mariano Rivera of the New York Yankees, the last professional baseball player to wear number 42, continued to wear it until he retired at the end of the 2013 season. As of the 2014 season, no player ever again wore the number 42 in Major League Baseball except on Jackie Robinson Day (April 15), when all uniformed personnel (players, managers, coaches, and umpires) wear the number.
The number of the laws of cricket.
Rule 42 is the historic name of a Gaelic Athletic Association rule (now codified in Rule 5.1 and Rule 44) that in practice prohibits the playing of "foreign sports" (generally association football and the rugby codes) at GAA grounds.

 Architecture 
The architects of the Rockefeller Center in New York City worked daily in the Graybar Building where on "the twenty-fifth floor, one enormous drafting room contained forty-two identical drawing boards, each the size of a six-seat dining room table; another room harboured twelve more, and an additional fourteen stood just outside the principals' offices at the top of the circular iron staircase connecting 25 to 26".
In the Rockefeller Center (New York City) there are a total of "forty-two elevators in five separate banks" which carry tenants and visitors to the sixty-six floors.

 Comics 
Miles Morales was bitten by a spider bearing the number 42, causing him to become a Spider-Man. The number was later heavily referenced in the film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. The use of 42 within the franchise references Jackie Robinson's use of the number, though many fans incorrectly believed it to be a The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy reference.

 Other fields 
+42 is the historical Select Country for the former country of Czechoslovakia.
There are 42 US gallons in a barrel of oil.
42 is the number of the French department of Loire. The number is also reflected in the postal code for that area.
Tower 42 is a skyscraper in the City of London, formerly known as the NatWest Tower.
In New York City, 42nd Street is a main and very popular two-way thoroughfare. Landmarks on it include the Chrysler Building, Grand Central Terminal, the main branch of the New York Public Library, and Times Square. The Headquarters of the United Nations is at the east end of the street. The New York City street is also the setting for a movie by the same name (which also gave fame to its eponymous title song), and which later inspired a musical adaptation, 42nd Street.
42 is the inspiration for the name of the 42 Center of Excellence for Artificial Intelligence, based in Vienna, Austria.
42 is the name of the private computer science school with campuses located in Paris, France, and Fremont, California.
42 in Chinese reads sì èr, which is very close to shì a (是啊), which means 'yes'. It was once popular among young Chinese to send '42' as a short message to stand for 'yes'.
42 is the sum of the numbers on a pair of dice.
42 (dominoes) is a trick-taking game played with dominoes, rather than cards. Originated and predominantly found in Texas.
42 is the number of times a standard sheet of paper would need to be folded over onto itself for the thickness of the folded piece of paper to be thick enough to reach the Moon from the surface of the Earth.

 Other languages 

 See also 
List of highways numbered 42

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

 Media related to 42 (number) at Wikimedia Commons

Grime, James; Gerardo Adesso; Phil Moriarty. "42 and Douglas Adams". Numberphile. Brady Haran. Archived from the original on 2018-10-13. Retrieved 2013-04-08.
My latest favorite Number: 42, John C. Baez
The number Forty-two in real life

Peace (Eurythmics album)
Peace is the eighth studio album by British pop duo Eurythmics, released on 19 October 1999 by RCA Records. It was the band's first album of new material in 10 years, following 1989's We Too Are One.

 Release and reception 
Following their first performance together in eight years at a record company party in 1998, Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart began writing and recording together for the first time since 1989. The album's title was designed to reflect the duo's ongoing concern with global conflict and world peace. It was promoted with a concert on the Greenpeace vessel Rainbow Warrior II, where they played a mixture of old and new songs. A 24-date world tour, titled the Peacetour, followed soon after, with all profits donated to Amnesty International and Greenpeace. The final show of the tour, on 6 December 1999 at the London Docklands Arena, was filmed and released on VHS and DVD.

 Singles 
"I Saved the World Today" served as the lead single from the album, reaching number 11 on the UK Singles Chart—their highest-charting single there since 1986. The second single, "17 Again", was released in January 2000. It reached the UK top 30 and topped the US Hot Dance Club Play chart. In May 2000, "Peace Is Just a Word" was released as a promotional single in the United Kingdom with "Beautiful Child" as its B-side.

 2005 re-release 
On 14 November 2005, Sony BMG repackaged and released Eurythmics' back catalogue as "Deluxe Edition Reissues". Each of their eight studio albums' original track listings were supplemented with bonus tracks and remixes. For unknown reasons, many songs on the 2005 reissue of Peace are alternate mixes compared to the original 1999 release. The most dramatically different mix is "I've Tried Everything", which is more upbeat with additional drums. Other songs with mix differences include "17 Again", "I Saved the World Today", "Forever" and "Power to the Meek" (missing a verse from the original version), and live tracks were substituted for the original studio versions of "I Want It All" and "Peace Is Just a Word".

 Critical reception 
Critics were generally impressed with the album, although NME commented that it "lacked the power" of their previous releases. Q magazine opined that the release of the album "quietly acknowledged that their solo careers had failed", despite the fact that both of Lennox's solo albums up to that point had reached number one in the UK and been certified multi-platinum in both the UK and US.

 Track listing 

 Personnel 
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Peace.

 Eurythmics 
Dave Stewart – guitars
Annie Lennox – vocals

 Additional musicians 

 Technical 

 Artwork 
Richard Avedon – sleeve photography
Laurence Stevens – sleeve design, graphics

 Charts 

 Certifications 

 References 

P'ikareum
P'ikareum (Korean: 피가름 or 피갈음: "blood purification" or "blood exchange") is a controversial religious practice in some new religious movements of Korea. As defined by British religious scholar George Chryssides, the practice consists "of a female neophyte engaging in ritual sexual intercourse with the messianic leader [of the movement], in order to restore – either literally or symbolically – the sexual purity of the woman". Chryssides also notes that there were cases where the messianic leader was female and the neophyte male. The person so initiated will then have intercourse with his or her spouse, and the purity acquired from the messianic leader will be transmitted to both the spouse and the progeny. The spelling p'ikareum was used in McCune–Reischauer transliteration until 2000; however, it is also spelled p'ikareun, as well as pigareum in modern-day Revised Romanization.

 Unification Church 

The practice is feasibly justified by a theology, popularized by the Unification movement but already present in previous Korean new religions, outlined as follows. Assuming that the original sin was in fact illicit sexual intercourse between Lucifer and Eve, therefore contaminating the entire lineage of humanity, a woman's sexual union with a pure messianic leader, and then her husband, could purify her lineage. However, according to Chryssides in 1991, no hard evidence (despite several testimonials) suggests that p'ikareum was ever performed by Sun Myung Moon and his early Unification Church. Chryssides notes that "none of the sources which attribute this practice to the UC [Unification Church] can claim to be first-hand sources, and the UC's founder-members emphatically deny such allegations". Chryssides also believe that p'ikareum in some accounts was confused with ritual nudity, practised in some ceremonies by Korean new religious movements, including some Moon had contacts with in his early years, to claim that members had achieved perfect purity.Moon was arrested various times in 1950s Korea, in some cases reportedly for sexual rituals or orgies of this nature. In 1993, a Moon ex-follower published a memoir that described Moon's scandalous relationships engaging in p'ikareum with women in his early 1950s ministry in Korea; the author later rescinded these statements, though several other ex-members from that era corroborated them, including Moon's first wife. At least one researcher, a Finnish critical ex-member of the Church, Kirsti L. Nevalainen, also affirms these accusations. Shortly after Moon's death, an ex-member and alleged former lover also corroborated this in 2013, claiming to have birthed Moon's illegitimate son in 1965.

 Historical origins 
Where Chryssides and Nevalainen (who cites other critics of the Unification movement) agree is that p'ikareum was not a fictional invention devised by the anti-cult movement but was indeed practiced within a group of Korean new religious movements derived from Protestantism in the 1930s and known as "Jesus Churches," whose progenitor was the Holy Lord Church founded by Kim Seongdo. One schism of the Holy Lord Church was the "Inside Belly Church" (Bokjunggyo, Korean 복중교), whose name derived from the false pregnancy of the founder and leader Ho Ho-Bin, who claimed she will become the mother of the future messiah. Other churches in this group included the Israel Monastery, founded by Kim Baek Moon, and the Wilderness Church, the latter possibly a name given by outsiders to a loosely organized network of devotees recognizing Pak Wol-yong as the messiah. Which groups and to what extent practised p'ikareum is unclear, although several clues point to Kim Baek Moon and Pak Wol-yong.Others mention the preachers Hwang Gukju (황국주) and Jeong Deukeun (정득은) as originators of the practice. Hwang, who claimed to be the second coming of Jesus, led a schism from Wonsan Sinhaksan (원산신학산), a movement created by Baek Nam-Ju (백남주) and influenced by the ideas of Emanuel Swedenborg. Most of the Jesus Churches were located in what became North Korea and disappeared after the Korean War.

 Alternative explanations 
Discussions about p'ikareum did not disappear. Apart from the continuing controversy about its alleged practice in the Unification Church, in 1957 Korean journalist Kim Gyeongrae published several articles and a book tracing the roots of p'ikareum to Kim Baek Moon and the Israel Monastery and claiming, offering some evidence, that it was practised by what was at that time the largest Christian new religious movement in Korea, the Olive Tree founded by Park Tae-Seon (1915–1990). The Victory Altar, an offshoot of the Olive Tree, was also accused of having practised p'ikareum in its early days.

 See also 
Serpent seed

 References 

Association for Information Science and Technology
The Association for Information Science and Technology (ASIS&T) is a nonprofit membership organization for information professionals that sponsors an annual conference as well as several serial publications, including the Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST).  The organization provides administration and communications support for its various divisions, known as special-interest groups or SIGs; provides administration for geographically defined chapters; connects job seekers with potential employers; and provides organizational support for continuing education programs for information professionals.Founded as the American Documentation Institute (ADI) in 1937, the group became the American Society for Information Science (ASIS) in 1968 to reflect the organization's interest in "all aspects of the information transfer process" such as, "designing, managing and using information systems and technology." Updating its name in 2000, the American Society for Information Science and Technology (ASIS&T) signaled the widespread prevalence and increasing centrality of online databases and similar technical aspects of the information profession.  In 2013 the organization adopted its current name, while retaining the ASIS&T acronym, to better reflect its international membership and the increasingly global nature of our information society.  Today the organization comprises professionals from various fields including engineering, linguistics, librarianship, education, chemistry, computer science, and medicine.  Members share "a common interest in improving the ways society stores, retrieves, analyzes, manages, archives and disseminates information ".

 History 
Watson Davis formed the Documentation Institute in 1935, which became the American Documentation Institute (ADI) on 13 March 1937 with the collaboration of Atherton Seidell and others. The organization was first concerned with microfilm and its role as a vehicle for the dissemination of information. ADI worked toward the development of microfilm readers and cameras. Their first microfilm laboratories were located in the U.S.Department of Agriculture Library in Washington, DC and the Institute distributed materials through the newly created Bibliofilm Service.
ADI established the Auxiliary Publication Program, which during its 30-year history released nearly 10,000 documents covering a wide range of subjects. The program enabled authors in the fields of physical, natural, social, historical and information sciences to publish and distribute research papers that were either too long, typographically complex or expensive to be published in journals using existing technology. In 1954, the Photoduplication Service at the Library of Congress took over the operation and became the source point for distributing ADI materials and in 2009 this material found its home in the Library's Technical Reports and Standards Unit.ADI bylaws were amended in 1952 to allow individuals to become members due to the number of people that were engaged in the development of new principles and techniques. The goal was to make ADI a group that was concerned with all elements and problems of information science not just libraries. During this time there were increased interests and developments of automatic devices for searching, storage and retrieval.During the 1970s many institutions were making the move from batch processing to online modes, from mainframe computers to more modern computers. With the advancement of technology the traditional boundaries began to fade and library schools started to add "information" in the titles of their programs. ASIS sponsored a bicentennial conference which focused on the role of information in the country's development. ASIS collaborated on planning and implementation of the National Commission on Libraries and Information Science § White House Conferences in 1979 and 1991.The popularity of personal computers in the 1980s marks a shift that allows individuals to access large databases, such as Grateful Med at the National Library of Medicine, and user-oriented services such as Dialog and Compuserve from their homes. ASIS created groups on office information, personal computers, international information issues and rural information services in response to the changing environment. Eventually other groups were created, such as: non-print media, social sciences, energy and the environment, and community information systems. ASIS also added its first chapters outside North America.Today ASIS&T is at the forefront of examining the technical bases, social consequences, and theoretical understanding of the information society. They also study the effects of widespread use of databases in government, industry, and education, and the development of information environments on the Internet and World Wide Web.

 Mission 
In a world where "information is of central importance to personal, social, political, and economic progress", ASIS&T seeks to advance the information sciences and information technology by providing focus, opportunity, and support to information professionals and information organizations. ASIS&T seeks to advance knowledge "about information, its creation, properties, and use" as well as increase "public awareness of the information sciences and technologies and their benefits to society."

 Vision 
To establish an information professionalism in the world by: Advancing knowledge about information; Providing analysis of ideas; Valuing theory, research, applications, and service; Nurturing new perspectives, interests, and ideas; Increasing public awareness of the information sciences and technologies and their benefits to society."

 Membership 
Originally membership was based on representatives nominated by scientific societies, professional associations, foundations, and government agencies. Changes made to the bylaws in 1952 opened the organization to any individual with interest in the dissemination of information.  Today, fee-based memberships can be either individual or institutional, with no formal requirements to join as an individual.  Similar to most organizations of its kind, ASIS&T offers benefits to its members in the form of subscriptions to publications, access to job assistance services (JobLine); and discounts to ASIS&T-sponsored events.

 Publications 
In 1966, ADI began publication of the Annual Review of Information Science and Technology. Its successor organizations continued publishing the annual review under that title until 2011.

 JASIS / JASIST 

ADI decided in 1950 to create a journal modeled after the defunct Journal of Documentary Reproduction, which had been published by the American Library Association from 1938 to 1942. ADI published the journal American Documentation. from 1950 until 1968, when ADI changed its name as an organization and renamed American Documentation as the Journal of the American Society for Information Science (JASIS). With the society's subsequent name changes the journal title followed suit, becoming the Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology (JASIST) in 2000, and then the Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology in 2014.

 Awards 
See also: Award of Merit - Association for Information Science and Technology
ASIS&T bestows several awards including the Award of Merit, its highest honor, as well as the Best Information Science Book Award; the Bob Williams Research Paper Award and Bob Williams Research Grant which recognizes the best refereed paper and project relevant to the history of information science and technology; Best paper award in the Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology; the Outstanding Information Science Teacher Award; and the Watson Davis Award for Service.

 See also 
Association of Information Technology Professionals (AITP)
Society of Information Technology Management (SOCITM), related group based in the UKRelated governmental agencies

National Commission on Libraries and Information Science (NCLIS)
Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS)Documentation science
Library Science
Information Science

 References 

 Further reading 
Buckland, M. (1999). The landscape of information science: The American Society for Information Science at 62. Journal of the American Society for Information Science. 50(11), 970–974.
Dierking, Angela Lynn (August 1975). "A History of the American Society for Information Science Masters Thesis". Texas Women’s University, School of Library Science, Denton, Texas. files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/ED116713.pdf
Farkas-Conn, Irene S. (1990). From Documentation to Information Science: the Beginnings and Early Development of the American Documentation Institute, American Society for information Science, Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press ISBN 0-313-25505-9. OCLC 468249773.
Garfield, E. (1999). "From 1950s Documentalists to 20th Century Information Scientists - and Beyond: ASIS Enters the Year 2000 Facing Remarkable Advances and Challenges in Harnessing the Information Technology Revolution." Bulletin of the American Society for Information Science and Technology, 26(2), 26–29.
Miller, Karen. 2013. “The History of ASIS&T and Information Science and Technology.” Bulletin of the American Society for Information Science & Technology 39 (3): 33–37.
Williams, Robert. 2012. "The Changed and Changing ADI/ASIS/ASIS&T After 75 Years." Bulletin of the American Society for Information Science and Technology 38(5).

 External links 
Official website 
ASIS&T Digital Library
ASIS&T Special Interest Groups (SIGs)

Stuart Kauffman
Stuart Alan Kauffman (born September 28, 1939) is an American medical doctor, theoretical biologist, and complex systems researcher who studies the origin of life on Earth. He was a professor at the University of Chicago, University of Pennsylvania, and University of Calgary. He is currently emeritus professor of biochemistry at the University of Pennsylvania and affiliate faculty at the Institute for Systems Biology. He has a number of awards including a MacArthur Fellowship and a Wiener Medal.
He is best known for arguing that the complexity of biological systems and organisms might result as much from self-organization and far-from-equilibrium dynamics as from Darwinian natural selection, as discussed in his book Origins of Order (1993). In 1967 and 1969 he used random Boolean networks to investigate generic self-organizing properties of gene regulatory networks, proposing that cell types are dynamical attractors in gene regulatory networks and that cell differentiation can be understood as transitions between attractors. Recent evidence suggests that cell types in humans and other organisms are attractors. In 1971 he suggested that a zygote may not be able to access all the cell type attractors in its gene regulatory network during development and that some of the developmentally inaccessible cell types might be cancer cell types. This suggested the possibility of "cancer differentiation therapy". He also proposed the self-organized emergence of collectively autocatalytic sets of polymers, specifically peptides, for the origin of molecular reproduction, which have found experimental support.

 Education and early career 
Kauffman graduated from Dartmouth in 1960, was awarded the BA (Hons) by Oxford University (where he was a Marshall Scholar) in 1963, and completed a medical degree (M.D.) at the University of California, San Francisco in 1968. After completing his internship, he moved into developmental genetics of the fruit fly, holding appointments first at the University of Chicago from 1969 to 1973, the National Cancer Institute from 1973 to 1975, and then at the University of Pennsylvania from 1975 to 1994, where he rose to professor of biochemistry and biophysics.

 Career 
Kauffman became known through his association with the Santa Fe Institute (a non-profit research institute dedicated to the study of complex systems), where he was faculty in residence from 1986 to 1997, and through his work on models in various areas of biology. These included autocatalytic sets in origin of life research, gene regulatory networks in developmental biology, and fitness landscapes in evolutionary biology. With Marc Ballivet, Kauffman holds the founding broad biotechnology patents in combinatorial chemistry and applied molecular evolution, first issued in France in 1987, in England in 1989, and later in North America.In 1996, with Ernst and Young, Kauffman started BiosGroup, a Santa Fe, New Mexico-based for-profit company that applied complex systems methodology to business problems. BiosGroup was acquired by NuTech Solutions in early 2003. NuTech was bought by Netezza in 2008, and later by IBM.From 2005 to 2009 Kauffman held a joint appointment at the University of Calgary in biological sciences, physics, and astronomy. He was also an adjunct professor in the Department of Philosophy at the University of Calgary. He was an iCORE (Informatics Research Circle of Excellence) chair and the director of the Institute for Biocomplexity and Informatics. Kauffman was also invited to help launch the Science and Religion initiative at Harvard Divinity School; serving as visiting professor in 2009.
In January 2009 Kauffman became a Finland Distinguished Professor (FiDiPro) at Tampere University of Technology, Department of Signal Processing. The appointment ended in December, 2012. The subject of the FiDiPro research project is the development of delayed stochastic models of genetic regulatory networks based on gene expression data at the single molecule level.
In January 2010 Kauffman joined the University of Vermont faculty where he continued his work for two years with UVM's Complex Systems Center. From early 2011 to April 2013, Kauffman was a regular contributor to the NPR Blog 13.7, Cosmos and Culture, with topics ranging from the life sciences, systems biology, and medicine, to spirituality, economics, and the law.In May 2013 he joined the Institute for Systems Biology, in Seattle, Washington. Following the death of his wife, Kauffman cofounded Transforming Medicine: The Elizabeth Kauffman Institute.In 2014, Kauffman with Samuli Niiranen and Gabor Vattay was issued a founding patent on the poised realm (see below), an apparently new "state of matter" hovering reversibly between quantum and classical realms.In 2015, he was invited to help initiate a general a discussion on rethinking economic growth for the United Nations. Around the same time, he did research with University of Oxford professor Teppo Felin.

 Fitness landscapes 

Kauffman's NK model defines a combinatorial phase space, consisting of every string (chosen from a given alphabet) of length 
  
    
      
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle N}
  . For each string in this search space, a scalar value (called the fitness) is defined. If a distance metric is defined between strings, the resulting structure is a landscape.
Fitness values are defined according to the specific incarnation of the model, but the key feature of the NK model is that the fitness of a given string 
  
    
      
        S
      
    
    {\displaystyle S}
   is the sum of contributions from each locus 
  
    
      
        
          S
          
            i
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle S_{i}}
   in the string:

  
    
      
        F
        (
        S
        )
        =
        
          ∑
          
            i
          
        
        f
        (
        
          S
          
            i
          
        
        )
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle F(S)=\sum _{i}f(S_{i}),}
  and the contribution from each locus in general depends on the value of 
  
    
      
        K
      
    
    {\displaystyle K}
   other loci:

  
    
      
        f
        (
        
          S
          
            i
          
        
        )
        =
        f
        (
        
          S
          
            i
          
        
        ,
        
          S
          
            1
          
          
            i
          
        
        ,
        …
        ,
        
          S
          
            K
          
          
            i
          
        
        )
        ,
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f(S_{i})=f(S_{i},S_{1}^{i},\dots ,S_{K}^{i}),\,}
  where 
  
    
      
        
          S
          
            j
          
          
            i
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle S_{j}^{i}}
   are the other loci upon which the fitness of 
  
    
      
        
          S
          
            i
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle S_{i}}
   depends.
Hence, the fitness function 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        
          S
          
            i
          
        
        ,
        
          S
          
            1
          
          
            i
          
        
        ,
        …
        ,
        
          S
          
            K
          
          
            i
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle f(S_{i},S_{1}^{i},\dots ,S_{K}^{i})}
   is a mapping between strings of length K + 1 and scalars, which Weinberger's later work calls "fitness contributions". Such fitness contributions are often chosen randomly from some specified probability distribution.
In 1991, Weinberger published a detailed analysis of the case in which 
  
    
      
        1
        <<
        k
        ≤
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle 1<<k\leq N}
   and the fitness contributions are chosen randomly. His analytical estimate of the number of local optima was later shown to be flawed. However, numerical experiments included in Weinberger's analysis support his analytical result that the expected fitness of a string is normally distributed with a mean of approximately

  
    
      
        μ
        +
        σ
        
          
            
              
                2
                ln
                ⁡
                (
                k
                +
                1
                )
              
              
                k
                +
                1
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu +\sigma {\sqrt {{2\ln(k+1)} \over {k+1}}}}
  
and a variance of approximately

  
    
      
        
          
            
              (
              k
              +
              1
              )
              
                σ
                
                  2
                
              
            
            
              N
              [
              k
              +
              1
              +
              2
              (
              k
              +
              2
              )
              ln
              ⁡
              (
              k
              +
              1
              )
              ]
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {{(k+1)\sigma ^{2}} \over {N[k+1+2(k+2)\ln(k+1)]}}}
  .

 Recognition and awards 
Kauffman held a MacArthur Fellowship between 1987 and 1992. He also holds an Honorary Degree in Science from the University of Louvain (1997); He was awarded the Norbert Wiener Memorial Gold Medal for Cybernetics in 1973, the Gold Medal of the Accademia dei Lincei in Rome in 1990, the Trotter Prize for Information and Complexity in 2001, and the Herbert Simon award for Complex Systems in 2013. He became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 2009.

 Works 
Kauffman is best known for arguing that the complexity of biological systems and organisms might result as much from self-organization and far-from-equilibrium dynamics as from Darwinian natural selection in three areas of evolutionary biology, namely population dynamics, molecular evolution, and morphogenesis. With respect to molecular biology, Kauffman's structuralist approach has been criticized for ignoring the role of energy in driving biochemical reactions in cells, which can fairly be called self-catalyzing but which do not simply self-organize. Some biologists and physicists working in Kauffman's area have questioned his claims about self-organization and evolution. A case in point is some comments in the 2001 book Self-Organization in Biological Systems. Roger Sansom's 2011 book Ingenious Genes: How Gene Regulation Networks Evolve to Control Development is an extended criticism of Kauffman's model of self-organization in relation to gene regulatory networks.Borrowing from spin glass models in physics, Kauffman invented "N-K" fitness landscapes, which have found applications in biology and economics. In related work, Kauffman and colleagues have examined subcritical, critical, and supracritical behavior in economic systems.Kauffman's work translates his biological findings to the mind-body problem and issues in neuroscience, proposing attributes of a new "poised realm" that hovers indefinitely between quantum coherence and classicality. He published on this topic in his paper "Answering Descartes: beyond Turing". With Giuseppe Longo and Maël Montévil, he wrote (January 2012) "No Entailing Laws, But Enablement in the Evolution of the Biosphere", which argued that evolution is not "law entailed" like physics.
Kauffman's work is posted on Physics ArXiv, including "Beyond the Stalemate: Mind/Body, Quantum Mechanics, Free Will, Possible Panpsychism, Possible Solution to the Quantum Enigma" (October 2014) and "Quantum Criticality at the Origin of Life" (February 2015).Kauffman has contributed to the emerging field of cumulative technological evolution by introducing a mathematics of the adjacent possible.He has published over 350 articles and 6 books: The Origins of Order (1993), At Home in the Universe (1995), Investigations (2000), Reinventing the Sacred (2008), Humanity in a Creative Universe (2016), and A World Beyond Physics (2019).
In 2016, Kauffman wrote a children's story, "Patrick, Rupert, Sly & Gus Protocells", a narrative about unprestatable niche creation in the biosphere, which was later produced as a short animated video.In 2017, exploring the concept that reality consists of both ontologically real "possibles" (res potentia) and ontologically real "actuals" (res extensa), Kauffman co-authored, with Ruth Kastner and Michael Epperson, "Taking Heisenberg's Potentia Seriously".

 Publications 
Selected articlesKauffman, S. A.; McCulloch, W. S. (1967). Random Nets of Formal Genes (Technical report). Quarterly Progress Report 34. Cambridge, MA: Research Laboratory of Electronics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Kauffman, Stuart (1969). "Metabolic stability and epigenesis in randomly constructed genetic nets". Journal of Theoretical Biology. 22 (3): 437–467. Bibcode:1969JThBi..22..437K. doi:10.1016/0022-5193(69)90015-0. PMID 5803332.
Kauffman, S. A. (1971a). "Cellular Homeostasis, Epigenesis, and Replication in Randomly Aggregated Macromolecular Systems". Journal of Cybernetics. 1 (1): 71–96. doi:10.1080/01969727108545830.
Kauffman, S. A. (1971b). "Differentiation of Malignant to Benign Cells". Journal of Theoretical Biology. 31 (3): 429–451. Bibcode:1971JThBi..31..429K. doi:10.1016/0022-5193(71)90020-8. PMID 5556142.
Kauffman, Stuart (August 1991). "Antichaos and Adaptation" (PDF). Scientific American. 265 (2): 78–84. Bibcode:1991SciAm.265b..78K. doi:10.1038/scientificamerican0891-78. PMID 1862333. Retrieved April 28, 2015.
Kauffman, S. A.; Johnsen, S (1991). "Co-Evolution to the Edge of Chaos: Coupled Fitness Landscapes, Poised States, and Co-Evolutionary Avalanches" (PDF). Journal of Theoretical Biology. 149 (4): 467–505. Bibcode:1991JThBi.149..467K. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.502.3299. doi:10.1016/s0022-5193(05)80094-3. PMID 2062105.
Kauffman, Stuart (2004). "Autonomous Agents". In Barrow, John D.; Davies, Paul C. W.; Harper, Charles L. Jr. (eds.). Science and Ultimate Reality: Quantum Theory, Cosmology, and Complexity. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0521831130.
Kauffman, Stuart (2004). "Prolegomenon to a General Biology". In Dembski, William A.; Ruse, Michael (eds.). Debating Design: From Darwin to DNA. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-1139459617.
Kauffman, Stuart A. (November 12, 2006). "Beyond reductionism: Reinventing The Sacred". Edge.com. Edge Foundation. Retrieved April 28, 2015.
Hanel, R.; Kauffman, S. A.; Thurner, S. (2007). "Towards a Physics of Evolution: Critical Diversity Dynamics at the Edges of Collapse and Bursts of Diversification". Physical Review E. 76 (3): 036110. Bibcode:2007PhRvE..76c6110H. doi:10.1103/physreve.76.036110. PMID 17930309.
Kauffman, Stuart (May 7, 2008). "Why Humanity Needs a God of Creativity". New Scientist. 198 (2655): 52–53. doi:10.1016/s0262-4079(08)61171-9. Retrieved April 28, 2015.
Nykter, M.; Price, N. D.; Aldana, M.; Ramsey, S. A.; Kauffman, S. A.; Hood, L.; Yli-Harja, O.; Shmulevich, I. (2008). "Gene Expression Dynamics in the Macrophage Exhibit Criticality". Proc Natl Acad Sci USA. 105 (6): 1897–1900. Bibcode:2008PNAS..105.1897N. doi:10.1073/pnas.0711525105. PMC 2538855. PMID 18250330.
Huang, S.; Hu, L.; Kauffman, S.; Zhang, W.; Shmulevich, I. (2009). "Using cell fate attractors to uncover transcriptional regulation of HL60 neutrophil differentiation". BMC Systems Biology. 3 (1): 20. doi:10.1186/1752-0509-3-20. PMC 2652435. PMID 19222862.
Huang, S.; Kauffman, S. A. (2009). "Complex Gene Regulatory Networks - from Structure to Biological Observables: Cell Fate Determination". In Meyers, R. A. (ed.). Encyclopedia of Complexity and Systems Science. Springer. ISBN 978-0-387-75888-6.
Kauffman, S. A. (2011). "Approaches to the Origin of Life on Earth". Life. 1 (1): 34–48. Bibcode:2011Life....1...34K. doi:10.3390/life1010034. PMC 4187126. PMID 25382055.
Longo, G.; Montévil, M.; Kauffman, S. (January 2012). "No entailing laws, but enablement in the evolution of the biosphere". arXiv:1201.2069 [q-bio.OT].
Kauffman, Stuart; Hill, Colin; Hood, Leroy; Huang, Sui (2014b). "Transforming Medicine: A Manifesto". Scientific American Worldview. Archived from the original on July 13, 2014. Retrieved April 28, 2015.
Kauffman, Stuart (October 2014). "Beyond the Stalemate: Conscious Mind-Body - Quantum Mechanics - Free Will - Possible Panpsychism - Possible Interpretation of Quantum Enigma". arXiv:1410.2127 [physics.hist-ph].
Felin, T.; Kauffman, S.; Koppl, R.; Longo, G. (December 2014). "Economic Opportunity and Evolution: Beyond Landscapes and Bounded Rationality" (PDF). Strategic Entrepreneurship Journal. 8 (4): 269–282. doi:10.1002/sej.1184. SSRN 2197512.
Vattay, G.; Salahub, D.; Csaibai, I.; Nassmi, A.; Kauffman, S. (February 2015). "Quantum Criticality at the Origin of Life". Journal of Physics: Conference Series. 626 (1): 012023. arXiv:1502.06880. Bibcode:2015JPhCS.626a2023V. doi:10.1088/1742-6596/626/1/012023. S2CID 18439451.
Kauffman, S. (2016). "Answering Descartes: Beyond Turing". In Cooper, S. Barry; Hodges, Andrew (eds.). The Once and Future Turing. Cambridge University Press.BooksKauffman, Stuart (1993). The Origins of Order: Self Organization and Selection in Evolution. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-507951-7.
Kauffman, Stuart (1995). At Home in the Universe: The Search for Laws of Self-Organization and Complexity. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0195111309.
Kauffman, Stuart (2000). Investigations. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0199728947.
Kauffman, Stuart (2008). Reinventing the Sacred: A New View of Science, Reason, and Religion. Basic Books. ISBN 978-0-465-00300-6.
Kauffman, Stuart (2016). Humanity in a Creative Universe. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-939045-8.
Kauffman, Stuart (2019). A World Beyond Physics. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-087133-8.

 Notes 

 References 
Chialvo, D. R. (2013). "Critical Brain Dynamics at Large Scale". In Plenz D.; Niebur, E.; Schuster H. G. (eds.). Criticality in Neural Systems. Vol. 1. Wiley. ISBN 978-3-527-41104-7.
Dadon, Z.; Wagner, N.; Ashkenasy, G. (2008). "The Road to Non-Enzymatic Molecular Networks". Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 47 (33): 6128–6136. doi:10.1002/anie.200702552. PMID 18613152.
Dadon, Z.; Wagner, N.; Cohen-Luria, R.; Ashkenasy, G. (2012). "Reaction Networks. Wagner and Askkenazy's (2008) results demonstrate that molecular replication need not be based on DNA or RNA template replication, still the dominate view for the origin of life". In Gale, P. A.; Steed J. W. (eds.). Supramolecular Chemistry: From Molecules to Nanomaterials. John Wiley and Sons, Ltd. ISBN 978-0-470-74640-0.
Rivkin, J. W.; Siggelkow, N. (May–June 2002). "Organizational Sticking Points on NK Landscapes". Complexity. 7 (5): 31–43. Bibcode:2002Cmplx...7e..31R. doi:10.1002/cplx.10037. Retrieved April 28, 2015.

 Further reading 
Di Bernardo, Mirko (2011). I sentieri evolutivi della complessità biologica nell'opera di S. A. Kauffman (in Italian). Milano: Mimesis. ISBN 978-8857504131.
Goldstein, Jeffrey A. (2008). "Book Review of Reinventing the Sacred: A New View of Science, Reason, and Religion, by Stuart Kauffman". Emergence: Complexity & Organization. 10 (3): 117–130.
Horgan, John (February 4, 2015). "Seeker Stuart Kauffman on Free Will, God, ESP and Other Mysteries". Scientific American. Retrieved April 28, 2015.
MacKenzie, Dana (February 2002). "The Science of Surprise". Discover. 23 (2): 59–63.
Rizzo, Francesco (2017). "Kauffman lettore di Wittgenstein" (in Italian). Palermo: Università degli studi di Palermo. : Cite journal requires |journal= (help)

 External links 

Paulson, Steve (November 9, 2008). "God Enough". Salon. Retrieved April 28, 2015.
"Thinker of Untold Dreams: A Portrait of Stuart Kauffman". Vimeo.
Archived at Ghostarchive and the Wayback Machine: "The Shape of History". YouTube. A talk at the New England Complex Systems Institute, January 28, 2019.

Interstate 73 in North Carolina
Interstate 73 (I-73) is a partially completed Interstate Highway in the US state of North Carolina, traversing the state from south of Ellerbe to near Summerfield through Asheboro and Greensboro. When completed, it will continue south toward Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and north to Martinsville, Virginia.

 Route description 
As of 2024, I-73 begins south of Ellerbe, in concurrency with I-74 and U.S. Highway 220 (US 220), to north of Asheboro. I-73 and I-74 travel north through northern Richmond County and into eastern Montgomery County. In Montgomery County, the Interstates pass between the county's eastern border and the Uwharrie National Forest. The freeway enters Randolph County and passes just west of Asheboro. In Randleman, I-74 splits northwest toward High Point and Winston-Salem. North of the I-74 split, I-73 passes over Randleman Lake, a reservoir formed by the blocking of the Deep River and passes into Guilford County. Entering Greensboro, it ends its concurrency with US 220 as it goes northwest along the Greensboro Urban Loop with US 421 after a brief parallel with I-85. At its connection with I-40, US 421 continues north (or geographically west) with I-40 to Winston-Salem, while I-73 continues and I-840 begins. At the Bryan Boulevard exit, I-73 separates from I-840, the latter continuing northeast along the loop. Meanwhile, I-73 turns westward, passing Piedmont Triad International Airport and continuing until it crosses NC 68. The road then resumes its northward direction, stretching eight miles (13 km) before reconverging with US 220 near the Haw River. It then proceeds four miles (6.4 km) further north along a newly widened stretch of US 220 to another interchange with NC 68 which was completed in December 2017 but not signed as I-73 until March 2018.

 History 
Authorized by the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (ISTEA), I-73 was established as a north–south high-priority corridor from Charleston, South Carolina, to Detroit, Michigan.In North Carolina, because several U.S. Highways were already planned for improvements in the central Piedmont region, I-73 was initially aligned to go through Rockingham, Asheboro, High Point, Winston-Salem, and Mount Airy. The route through High Point was approved in May 1993. However, in November 1993, an organization called Job Link, made up of business leaders from northern North Carolina and southern Virginia, wanted a major highway to connect Roanoke with the Greensboro area. It could be I-73, the group said, but did not have to be. In April 1995, John Warner, who chaired the Senate subcommittee which would select the route of I-73, announced his support for the Job Link proposal. This distressed Winston-Salem officials who were counting on I-73, though Greensboro had never publicly sought the road. But an aide to US Senator Lauch Faircloth said the 1991 law authorizing I-73 required the road to go through Winston-Salem. Faircloth got around this requirement, though, by asking Warner to call the highway to Winston-Salem I-74. In May, Warner announced plans to propose legislation that made the plan for two Interstates official.When I-73 crossed a border between two states, the federal law authorizing the road required that the two states agree that their sections meet. Originally, both Carolinas selected a route running south from Rockingham. However, North Carolina had more money to spend on roads, and, on May 10, 1995, the US Senate Environment and Public Works Committee approved North Carolina's plan for I-73 to run eastward to the coast and enter South Carolina at North Myrtle Beach. Later that year, officials in both states agreed that I-73 would enter South Carolina south of Rockingham and that the other highway would be I-74. This raised the possibility of I-73 bypassing the Myrtle Beach area entirely, since I-74 would run to the Myrtle Beach area.In May 1997, the first section of I-73 was established, a 12.6-mile (20.3 km) section from south of Candor to Ulah. Signage of "Future Interstate 73" was also placed all along US 220, from Rockingham north to I-40 in Greensboro and south to Candor. On January 7, 2008, a 17-mile (27 km) extension south of Candor to Ellerbe was completed; however, because the North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) had not applied to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) to add the segment to the Interstate System, signage along the new stretch of freeway was listed as Future I-73, thus not an "official" addition to the Interstate at that time. Federal approval was granted in 2010 to make this part of the Interstate System at the conclusion of work to upgrade the highway in Asheboro. The route was given Interstate signage in mid-2013.The next section to be completed and signed I-73 was the 7.5-mile (12.1 km) southwestern section of the Greensboro Urban Loop, in concurrency with I-40, in February 2008. The concurrency later changed to US 421 in September of same year (signage corrected by July 2009).The newest sections of I-73 to be completed are the eight-mile (13 km) stretch of US 220 freeway in Asheboro, the remaining parts of the US 220 freeway designated Future I-73 in 1997, and the six-mile (9.7 km) section from the Bryan Boulevard interchange northward back to US 220. The Asheboro section had several deficiencies that needed to be corrected before it could be designated an Interstate. Work started on this segment from US 220 Business (US 220 Bus.)/NC 134 south of Asheboro to US 220 Bus./Vision Drive north of Asheboro in 2010. Work was completed in October 2012. When work was finished, I-73 (and I-74) shields replaced the Future I-73 (and I-74) shields along this portion of US 220. NCDOT had already reached an agreement with the FHWA that they could sign the entire length of the US 220 freeway south of Greensboro to Ellerbe as I-73 once this project was completed. On July 11, 2012, NCDOT gave final approval an extension of I-73 from I-85 to Asheboro to be designated as part of its network. A contract to change the Future I-73 signs to I-73 shields and replace current exit signage with Interstate standard ones was let on December 11, 2012. In February 2013, work crews began converting a 70-mile (110 km) stretch of signage for I-73 work was completed in December 2013. I-73 is thus signed continuously from US 220 north of Greensboro to US 220 in Ellerbe, a total of 84 miles (135 km). Part of the highway completed but not signed currently as I-73 is the US 74 Rockingham Bypass, a total of about 10 miles (16 km), but cannot be signed as an Interstate since it is not connected to the rest of I-73. Therefore, North Carolina has completed a total of 104 miles (167 km) of current or future I-73 mileage.Construction began in April 2014 on I-73 from NC 68, near Piedmont Triad International Airport, to US 220 near the Haw River. Seven miles of this section to US 220 in Summerfield opened May 19, 2017, while the remainder opened the evening of July 2, 2017. The latest segment of I-73 being completed was a four-mile (6.4 km) segment along a widened section of US 220 from near the Haw River north to its intersection with NC 68. Two contracts, one widening US 220, Project R-2413C, which started in May 2012, the other reconfiguring the NC 68 intersection into an interchange, started in September 2015, were completed in December 2017. The new NC 68 south interchange opened in May 2017. I-73 signs, including an "End I-73" sign beyond the NC 68 exit, were put up in March 2018.

 Future 
I-73 from the South Carolina state line to US 74/NC 38 interchange is being planned and paid for by the South Carolina Department of Transportation (SCDOT). Environmental studies were completed in 2011, with a route that includes an interchange at Ghio Road and welcome centers at the state line. The time frame when construction will begin is unknown at this time.The Western Rockingham Bypass, from the US 74/US 74 Bus. interchange to US 220, near Ellerbe, has all right-of-way purchases completed along the proposed route. Construction on a 3.724-mile (5.993 km) section, along US 220 (south of Ellerbe), began in March 2014; with a contracted amount of $49.8 million (equivalent to $60.9 million in 2022), and was completed in April 2018. The remaining sections of the new bypass were scheduled to start construction by late 2017; however, under reprioritization of construction projects announced in 2014, they were first removed from the list of projects to be started through 2024 then had funding restored with a construction date of 2022 in mid-2016. In January 2017, however, the project, though still funded, was delayed four years due to a low score in prioritizing projects for the 2018–2027 NCDOT State Transportation Improvement Program. On January 9, 2019, it was announced that the North Carolina State Transportation Improvement Program for 2020 to 2029 included connecting I-73 with US 74 six years sooner than planned. A $146.1-million (equivalent to $166 million in 2022) contract was awarded for the 7.2 miles (11.6 km) of four-lane freeway with "substantial completion" by late 2023. As of March 2022, the completion date was 2024.The northernmost section, 18-mile (29 km) along US 220 from NC 68 north to the Virginia border, may be the last segment completed with NCDOT waiting to see whether Virginia is going to commit to constructing their section of I-73 south of Roanoke before commitments are made for funding. The only action taken along this segment was to replace the existing Future I-73 Corridor signs with Future I-73 signs in 2016. The extension of I-73 to the Virginia state line was listed in the NCDOT 2024-2033 State Transportation Improvement, although it is not fully funded.

 Exit list 

 See also 
 U.S. Roads portal

 References 

 External links 

 Media related to Interstate 73 in North Carolina at Wikimedia Commons

British Americans
British Americans usually refers to  Americans whose ancestral origin originates wholly or partly in the United Kingdom (England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland and also the Isle of Man and Channel Islands). It is primarily a demographic or historical research category for people who have at least partial descent from peoples of Great Britain and the modern United Kingdom, i.e. English, Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Scotch-Irish, Orcadian, Manx, Cornish Americans, White Americans, and European Americans.
Based on 2020 American Community Survey estimates, 1,934,397 individuals identified as having British ancestry, while a further 25,213,619 identified as having English ancestry, 5,298,861 Scottish ancestry and 1,851,256 Welsh ancestry. The total of these groups, at 34,298,133, was 10.5% of the total population. A further 31,518,129 individuals identified as having Irish ancestry, but this is not differentiated between modern Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. Figures for Manx and Cornish ancestries are not separately reported, although Manx was reported prior to 1990, numbering 9,220 on the 1980 census. This figure also does not include people reporting ancestries in countries with majority or plurality British ancestries, such as Canadian, South African, New Zealander (21,575) or Australian (105,152). There has been a significant drop overall, especially from the 1980 census where 49.59 million people reported English ancestry.
Demographers regard current figures as a "serious under-count", as a large proportion of Americans of British descent have a tendency to simply identify as 'American' since 1980 where over 13.3 million or 5.9% of the total U.S. population self-identified as "American" or "United States", this was counted under "not specified". This response is highly overrepresented in the Upland South, a region settled historically by the British. Those of mixed European ancestry may identify with a more recent and differentiated ethnic group. Of the top ten family names in the United States (2010), seven have English origins or having possible mixed British Isles heritage, the other three being of Spanish origin.Not to be confused are cases when the term is also used in an entirely different (although possibly overlapping) sense to refer to people who are dual citizens of both the United Kingdom and the United States.

 Sense of heritage 
Americans of British heritage are often seen, and identify, as simply "American" due to the many historic, linguistic and cultural ties between Great Britain and the U.S. and their influence on the country's population. A leading specialist, Charlotte Erickson, found them to be ethnically "invisible". This may be due to the early establishment of British settlements; as well as to non-English groups having emigrated in order to establish significant communities.

 Number of British Americans 
Table below shows census results between 1980 (when data on ancestry was first collected) and the 2020 census. Response rates for the question on ancestry was 83.1%  (1980) 90.4% (1990) and 80.1% (2000) for the total population of the United States.

 Composition of Colonial America 

According to estimates by Thomas L. Purvis (1984), published in the European ancestry of the United States, gives the ethnic composition of the American colonies from 1700 to 1755. British ancestry in 1755 was estimated to be 63%, comprising 52% English and Welsh, 7.0% Scots-Irish, and 4% Scottish.

 Studies on origins, 1790 

The ancestry of the 3,929,214 population in 1790 has been estimated by various sources by sampling last names in the very first United States official census and assigning them a country of origin.
There is debate over the accuracy between the studies with individual scholars and the Federal Government using different techniques and conclusion for the ethnic composition.
A study published in 1909 titled A Century of Population Growth by the Census Bureau estimated the British origin combined were around 90% of the white population.Another source by Thomas L. Purvis in 1984 estimated that people of British ancestry made up about 62% of the total population or 74% of the white or European American population.
Some 81% of the total United States population was of European heritage.
Around 757,208 were of African descent with 697,624 being slaves.

 A Century of Population Growth (1909) 
Estimated British American population in the Continental United States as of the 1790 Census.

 American Council of Learned Societies (1929) 
The 1909 Century of Population Growth report came under intense scrutiny in the 1920s; its methodology was subject to criticism over fundamental flaws that cast doubt on the accuracy of its conclusions. The catalyst for controversy had been passage of the Immigration Act of 1924, which imposed numerical quotas on each country of Europe limiting the number of immigrants to be admitted out of a finite total annual pool. The size of each national quota was determined by the National Origins Formula, in part computed by estimating the origins of the colonial stock population descended from White Americans enumerated in the 1790 Census. The undercount of other colonial stocks like German Americans and Irish Americans would thus have contemporary policy consequences. When CPG was produced in 1909, the concept of independent Ireland did not even exist. CPG made no attempt to further classify its estimated 1.9% Irish population to distinguish Celtic Irish Catholics of Gaelic Ireland, who in 1922 formed the independent Irish Free State, from the Scotch-Irish descendants of Ulster Scots and Anglo-Irish of the Plantation of Ulster, which became Northern Ireland and remained part of the United Kingdom. In 1927, proposed immigration quotas based on CPG figures were rejected by the President's Committee chaired by the Secretaries of State, Commerce, and Labor, with the President reporting to Congress "the statistical and historical information available raises grave doubts as to the whole value of these computations as the basis for the purposes intended."
Among the criticisms of A Century of Population Growth:

CPG failed to account for Anglicization of names, assuming any surname that could be English was actually English
CPG failed to consider first names even when obviously foreign, assuming anyone with a surname that could be English was actually English
CPG failed to consider regional variation in ethnic settlement e.g. surname Root could be assumed English in Vermont (less than 1% German), but more commonly a variant of German Roth in states with large German American populations like populous Pennsylvania (home to more Germans than the entire population of Vermont)
CPG started by classifying all names as Scotch, Irish, Dutch, French, German, Hebrew, or other. All remaining names which could not be classed with one of the 6 other listed nationalities, nor identified by the Census clerk as too exotic to be English, were assumed to be English
CPG classification was an unscientific process by Census clerks with no training in history, genealogy, or linguistics, nor were scholars in those fields consulted
CPG estimates were produced by a linear process with no checks on potential errors nor opportunity for peer review or scholarly revision once an individual clerk had assigned a name to a nationalityConcluding that CPG "had not been accepted by scholars as better than a first approximation of the truth", the Census Bureau commissioned a study to produce new scientific estimates of the colonial American population, in collaboration with the American Council of Learned Societies, in time to be adopted as basis for legal immigration quotas in 1929, and later published in the journal of the American Historical Association, reproduced in the table below. Note: as in the original CPG report, the "English" category encompassed England and Wales, grouping together all names classified as either "Anglican" (from England) or "Cambrian" (from Wales). Estimated British American population in the Continental United States as of the 1790 Census 

 1980 
The 1980 census was the first that asked people's ancestry. The 1980 United States Census reported 61,327,867 individuals or 31.67% of the total U.S. population self-identitfied as having British descent.
In 1980 16,418 Americans reported ‘Northern Islander’. No Scots-Irish (descendants of Ulster-Scots) ancestry was recorded, however over ten million people identified as Scottish.
This figure fell to over 5 million each in the following census when the Scotch-Irish were first counted.

 1990 
Over 90.4% of the United States population reported at least one ancestry, 9.6% (23,921,371) individuals  as "not stated" with a total of 11.0% being "not specified". Additional responses were Cornish (3,991), Northern Irish 4,009 and Manx 6,317.

 2000 
Most of the population who stated their ancestry as "American" (20,625,093 or 7.3%) are said to be of old colonial British ancestry.

 Geographical distribution 

Following are the top 10 highest percentage of people of English, Scottish and Welsh ancestry, in U.S. communities with 500 or more total inhabitants (for the total list of the 101 communities, see references)

 English 
Hildale, UT 66.9%
Colorado City, AZ 52.7%
Milbridge, ME 41.1%
Panguitch, UT 40.0%
Beaver, UT 39.8%
Enterprise, UT 39.4%
East Machias, ME 39.1%
Marriott-Slaterville, UT 38.2%
Wellsville, UT 37.9%
Morgan, UT 37.2%

 Scottish 
Lonaconing, MD town 16.1%
Jordan, IL township 12.6%
Scioto, OH township 12.1%
Randolph, IN township 10.2%
Franconia, NH town 10.1%
Topsham, VT town 10.0%
Ryegate, VT town 9.9%
Plainfield, VT town 9.8%
Saratoga Springs, UT town 9.7%
Barnet, VT town 9.5%

 Welsh 
Malad City, ID city 21.1%
Remsen, NY town 14.6%
Oak Hill, OH village 13.6%
Madison, OH township 12.7%
Steuben, NY town 10.9%
Franklin, OH township 10.5%
Plymouth, PA borough 10.3%
Jackson, OH city 10.0%
Lake, PA township 9.9%
Radnor, OH township 9.8%

 2020 state totals 
As of 2020, the distribution of British Americans (combined English, Welsh, Scottish, Scotch-Irish, and British ancestry self-identification) across the 50 states and DC is as presented in the following table:  

 History 

 Overview 
The British diaspora consists of the scattering of British people and their descendants who emigrated from the United Kingdom. The diaspora is concentrated in countries that had mass migration such as the United States and that are part of the English-speaking world. A 2006 publication from the Institute for Public Policy Research estimated 5.6 million British-born people lived outside of the United Kingdom.After the Age of Discovery, the British were one of the earliest and largest communities to emigrate out of Europe, and the British Empire's expansion during the latter half of the 18th century and first half of the 19th century saw an "extraordinary dispersion of the British people", with particular concentrations "in Australasia and North America".The British Empire was "built on waves of migration overseas by British people", who left the United Kingdom and "reached across the globe and permanently affected population structures in three continents". As a result of the British colonization of the Americas, what became the United States was "easily the greatest single destination of emigrant British".Historically in the 1790 United States census estimate and presently in Australia, Canada, and New Zealand "people of British origin came to constitute the majority of the population" contributing to these states becoming integral to the Anglosphere. There is also a significant population of people with British ancestry in South Africa.

 Colonial period 

An English presence in North America began with the Roanoke Colony and Colony of Virginia in the late-16th century, but the first successful English settlement was established in 1607, on the James River at Jamestown. By the 1610s, an estimated 1,300 English people had traveled to North America, the "first of many millions from the British Isles". In 1620, the Pilgrims established the English imperial venture of Plymouth Colony, beginning "a remarkable acceleration of permanent emigration from England" with over 60% of trans-Atlantic English migrants settling in the New England Colonies. During the 17th century, an estimated 350,000 English and Welsh migrants arrived in North America, which in the century after the Acts of Union 1707 was surpassed in rate and number by Scottish and Irish migrants.
The British policy of salutary neglect for its North American colonies intended to minimize trade restrictions as a way of ensuring they stayed loyal to British interests. This permitted the development of the American Dream, a cultural spirit distinct from that of its European founders. The Thirteen Colonies of British America began an armed rebellion against British rule in 1775 when they rejected the right of the Parliament of Great Britain to govern them without representation; they proclaimed their independence in 1776, and subsequently constituted the first thirteen states of the United States of America, which became a sovereign state in 1781 with the ratification of the Articles of Confederation. The 1783 Treaty of Paris represented Great Britain's formal acknowledgment of the United States' sovereignty at the end of the American Revolutionary War.In the original Thirteen Colonies, most laws contained elements found in the English common law system.The vast majority of the Founding Fathers of the United States were of mixed British extraction. Most of them were of English descent, with smaller numbers of those of Scottish, Irish or Scots-Irish, and Welsh ancestry. A minority were of high social status and can be classified as White Anglo-Saxon Protestant (WASP).  Many of the prewar WASP elite were Loyalists who left the new nation.

 Immigration after 1776 
Nevertheless, longstanding cultural and historical ties have, in more modern times, resulted in the Special Relationship, the exceptionally close political, diplomatic and military co-operation of United Kingdom – United States relations. Linda Colley, a professor of history at Princeton University and specialist in Britishness, suggested that because of their colonial influence on the United States, the British find Americans a "mysterious and paradoxical people, physically distant but culturally close, engagingly similar yet irritatingly different".For over two centuries (1789–2009) of early U.S. history, all Presidents with the exception of two (Van Buren and Kennedy) were descended from the varied colonial British stock, from the Pilgrims and Puritans to the Scotch-Irish and English who settled the Appalachia.

 Cultural contributions 
Much of American culture shows influences from nation states of British culture. Colonial ties to Great Britain spread the English language, legal system and other cultural attributes. Historian David Hackett Fischer has posited that four major streams of immigration from the British Isles in the colonial era contributed to the formation of a new American culture, summarized as follows:

East Anglia to New England – The Exodus of the English Puritans (Pilgrims and Puritans influenced the Northeastern United States' corporate and educational culture)
The South of England to the lowland South – The Cavaliers and Indentured Servants (Gentry influenced the Southern United States' plantation culture)
Northern England to the Delaware Valley – The Friends' Migration (Quakers influenced the Middle Atlantic and Midwestern United States' industrial culture)
The Scottish Lowlands to the Backcountry – The Flight from North Britain (Scotch-Irish, of lowland Scottish and border English descent, influenced the Western United States' ranch culture and the Southern United States' common agrarian culture)Fischer's theory acknowledges the presence of other groups of immigrants during the colonial period, both from the British Isles (the Welsh and the Highland Scots) and not (Germans, Dutch, and French Huguenots), but believes that these did not culturally contribute as substantially to the United States as his main four.

 Historical influence 
Apple pie – New England was the first region to experience large-scale English colonization in the early 17th century, beginning in 1620, and it was dominated by East Anglian Calvinists, better known as the Puritans. Baking was a particular favorite of the New Englanders and was the origin of dishes seen today as quintessentially "American", such as apple pie and the oven-roasted Thanksgiving turkey. "As American as apple pie" is a well-known phrase used to suggest that something is all-American.

 Automakers 
Buick – David Dunbar Buick was a Scottish-born American, a Detroit-based inventor, best known for founding the Buick Motor Company.

 Motorcycle manufacturer 
Harley-Davidson – The Davidson brothers were of Scottish descent (William. A., Walter and Arthur Davidson) and William S. Harley of English descent. Along with Indian Motorcycle Manufacturing Company was the largest and most recognizable American motorcycle manufacturer.

 Sports 

Baseball – The earliest recorded game of base-ball for which the original source survives, involved the family of George II of Great Britain, played indoors in London in November 1748. The Prince is reported as playing "Bass-Ball" again in September 1749 in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, against Lord Middlesex. The English lawyer William Bray wrote in his diary that he had played a game of baseball on Easter Monday 1755 in Guildford, also in Surrey. English lawyer William Bray recorded a game of baseball on Easter Monday 1755 in Guildford, Surrey; Bray's diary was verified as authentic in September 2008. This early form of the game was apparently brought to North America by British immigrants. The first appearance of the term that exists in print was in "A Little Pretty Pocket-Book" in 1744, where it is called Base-Ball. Today, rounders, which has been played in England since Tudor times, holds a similarity to baseball. Although, literary references to early forms of "base-ball" in the United Kingdom pre-date use of the term "rounders".In addition to baseball, American football is a sport that developed from soccer and Rugby, which are both sports that originated in the British Isles.Bowling or ten-pin bowling derived from Nine-Pins (nine-pin bowling) brought over by early British settlers.

 Continental Colors, 1775–1777 
The Grand Union Flag is considered to be the first national flag of the United States. The design consisted of 13 stripes, red and white, representing the original Thirteen Colonies, the canton on the upper left-hand corner bearing the British Union Flag, the red cross of St. George of England with the white cross of St. Andrew of Scotland. The flag was first flown on December 2, 1775, by John Paul Jones (then a Continental Navy lieutenant) on the ship Alfred in Philadelphia).

 Place names 

 Alabama 
Birmingham after Birmingham, England
Oxford after Oxford, England

 California 
Westminster after Westminster in London, England
Exeter after Exeter, England
Windsor after Windsor, Berkshire, in England

 Connecticut 
Essex, Connecticut after Essex, England
Greenwich, Connecticut after Greenwich, England
Manchester, Connecticut after Manchester, England
New London, Connecticut after London, England
Norfolk, Connecticut after Norfolk, England

 Delaware 
Dover after Dover, England
Kent County, Delaware after Kent, England
Wilmington named by Proprietor Thomas Penn after his friend Spencer Compton, Earl of Wilmington, who was prime minister in the reign of George II of Great Britain.

 Maine 
Leeds after Leeds, England

 Maryland 
Aberdeen, Maryland after Aberdeen, Scotland
Chester, Maryland after Chester, England
Chestertown, Maryland after Chester, England
Essex, Maryland after Essex, England
Glencoe, Maryland after Glencoe, Scotland
Hereford, Maryland after Hereford, England
Kensington, Maryland after Kensington, England
Manchester, Maryland after Manchester, England
Olney, Maryland after Olney, England
Westminster, Maryland after Westminster, England
Salisbury, Maryland after Salisbury, England

 Massachusetts 
Attleboro, Massachusetts after Attleborough, England
Bedford, Massachusetts after Bedford, England
Boston after Boston, England
Cambridge after the City of Cambridge, England
Charlton, Massachusetts after Charlton, London, England
Chelsea, Massachusetts after Chelsea, England
Falmouth, Massachusetts after Falmouth, England
Gloucester after Gloucester, England
Hampshire County, Massachusetts after Hampshire, England
Mansfield, Massachusetts after Mansfield, England
Middlesex County, Massachusetts after Middlesex, England
Plymouth, Massachusetts after Plymouth, England
Somerset, Massachusetts after Somerset, England
Southampton after Southampton, England
Suffolk County, Massachusetts after Suffolk, England
Swansea, Massachusetts after Swansea, Wales
Taunton, Massachusetts after Taunton, England
Weymouth, Massachusetts after Weymouth, Dorset, England
Worcester, Massachusetts after Worcester, England

 Michigan 
Birmingham after Birmingham, England
Plymouth after Plymouth, England

 New Hampshire 
New Hampshire state (after Hampshire)
Derry, New Hampshire after Derry, Northern Ireland
Durham, New Hampshire after Durham, England
Exeter, New Hampshire after Exeter, England
Londonderry, New Hampshire after Londonderry, Northern Ireland
Manchester after Manchester, England
New London, New Hampshire after London, England
Plymouth, New Hampshire after Plymouth, England
Portsmouth, New Hampshire after Portsmouth, England

 New York 
New York and New York City after York, England
Albany after the Duke of Albany

 North Carolina 
Durham, North Carolina and Durham County, North Carolina after Durham, England
Halifax, North Carolina and Halifax County, North Carolina after Halifax, England
Brunswick County, North Carolina after House of Brunswick
New Hanover County, North Carolina after House of Hanover
Northampton County, North Carolina after Northampton, England
Richmond County, North Carolina after Richmond, London

 Pennsylvania 
Bucks County after Buckinghamshire, England
Chester County and Chester after Chester, England
Carlisle, Pennsylvania after Carlisle, England
Darby derived from Derby (pronounced "Darby"), the county town of Derbyshire (pronounced "Darbyshire")
Lancaster County and Lancaster after the city of Lancaster in the county of Lancashire in England, the native home of John Wright, one of the early settlers.
Reading, Berks County after Reading, Berkshire, England
Warminster after a small town in the county of Wiltshire, at the western extremity of Salisbury Plain, England.
York, Pennsylvania after York, England

 Texas 
Bronte, named for English novelist Charlotte Brontë (1816–1855).
Cheapside, after Cheapside, a London street.
Derby, after Derby, England.
Liverpool, after Liverpool, a port city traditionally in Lancashire, England.
Newcastle, after Newcastle upon Tyne, northeast England.

 Utah 
Leeds after Leeds, England

 Virginia 
Crewe, Virginia after Crewe, England
Dumfries, Virginia after Dumfries, Scotland
Edinburg, Virginia after Edinburgh, Scotland
Falmouth, Virginia after Falmouth, England
Isle of Wight County, Virginia after Isle of Wight, England
Kilmarnock, Virginia after Kilmarnock, Scotland
Glasgow, Virginia after Glasgow, Scotland
Gloucester, Virginia after Gloucester, England
Richmond, Virginia and Richmond County, Virginia after Richmond, London
Lancaster County, Virginia after Lancashire, England
Hampton, Virginia after Hampton, London, England
Midlothian, Virginia after Midlothian, Scotland
New Kent County, Virginia after Kent County, England
Norfolk, Virginia after Norfolk, England
Northampton County, Virginia after Northampton, England
Northumberland County, Virginia after Northumberland, England
Portsmouth, Virginia after Portsmouth, England
Stafford, Virginia after Stafford, England
Suffolk, Virginia after Suffolk, England
Westmoreland County, Virginia after Westmoreland (now part of Cumbria, England)
Winchester, Virginia after Winchester, EnglandIn addition, some places were named after the kings and queens of the former kingdoms of England and Ireland. The name Virginia was first applied by Queen Elizabeth I (the "Virgin Queen") and Sir Walter Raleigh in 1584., the Carolinas were named after King Charles I and Maryland named so for his wife, Queen Henrietta Maria (Queen Mary). The Borough of Queens in New York was named after Catherine of Braganza (Queen Catherine), the wife of the King Charles II.

 See also 
Anglo-Celtic Australians
Hyphenated American
English diaspora
English Americans
List of English Americans
Scotch-Irish Americans
List of Scots-Irish Americans
Scottish Americans
List of Scottish Americans
Welsh Americans
List of Welsh Americans
White Anglo-Saxon Protestants, called WASPs
Americans in the United Kingdom
Britons in Mexico
United Kingdom–United States relations

 References 

 Scholarly sources 
Berthoff, Rowland Tappan (1953). British Immigrants in Industrial America, 1790–1950.
Bridenbaugh, Carl. Vexed and Troubled Englishmen, 1590–1642 (1976).
Colley, Linda (1992), Britons: Forging the Nation, 1701–1837, Yale University Press, ISBN 978-0-300-05737-9
Ember, Carol R.; et al. (2004). Encyclopedia of Diasporas: Immigrant and Refugee Cultures Around the World. Springer. ISBN 978-0-306-48321-9.
Erickson, Charlotte. Invisible Immigrants: The Adaptation of English and Scottish Immigrants in Nineteenth-Century America (1972_.
Fischer, David Hackett (1989). Albion's Seed: Four British Folkways In America.
Furer, Howard B., ed. The British in America: 1578–1970 (1972).
Handlin, Oscar (1980). Orlov, Ann; Thernstrom, Stephan (eds.). Harvard Encyclopedia of American Ethnic Groups. the standard reference source for all ethnic groups.
McGill, David W., and John K. Pearce. "American families with English ancestors from the colonial era: Anglo Americans." in Ethnicity and family therapy (1996): 451–466; reviews modern social psychology of family types.
Marshall, Peter James (2001). The Cambridge Illustrated History of the British Empire. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-00254-7.
Shepperson, Wilbur S. British emigration to North America: projects and opinions in the early Victorian period (1957), examines opinion in Britain. online
Tennenhouse, Leonard. The Importance of Feeling English: American Literature and the British Diaspora, 1750–1850 (2007).
Van Vugt, William E. "British (English, Scottish, Scots Irish, and Welsh) and British Americans, 1870–1940’." in Elliott Barkan, ed., Immigrants in American History: Arrival, Adaptation, and Integration (2013): 4:237+.
Van Vugt, William E. British Buckeyes: The English, Scots, and Welsh in Ohio, 1700–1900 (2006).

 External links 

1980 U.S. Census ancestry lists
References
2000 Census Bureau ancestry figures

Alvin J. Reines
Alvin J. Reines (1926–2004) was an American Reform rabbi, philosopher and theologian. He was professor of Philosophy and Theology at Hebrew Union College.
He is known for his pluralistic religious philosophy and theology of polydoxy. Polydoxy emphasizes individual autonomy and religious freedom. For Reines religious believers should be free to choose which beliefs and practices they adopt whilst respecting the right of other religious believer to do the same.  Rather than there being one correct conception of God there are many.
Reines personally conceives of God as "'the enduring possibility of being," explained as "the permanent ongoing potentiality from which the universe is continually being realized," calling this position Hylotheism.
Polydoxy is presented as the opposite of orthodoxy. A religion can be polydox or an orthodox. Reines calls for a 'polydox' approach to Judaism and religion in general.
In 1972 his students founded the Institute of Creative Judaism (ICJ) which changed its name to the Polydox Institute.

 Works 
Polydoxy: Explorations in a Philosophy of Religion, (Prometheus Books, 1987)
Maimonides and Abrabanel on Prophecy, (Hebrew Union College Press, 1970)
"Hylotheism:  The Enduring Possibility of Being and Process Theology". In Jewish Theology and Process Thought, eds. Sandra B. Lubarsky and David R. Griffin (State University of New York Press, 1996), 255–87.

 References 

 External links 
http://www.polydoxy.org

Shanice Stephens
Shanice Stephens was the head women's basketball coach at the University of North Texas.  She spent three seasons as the associate head coach at Clemson University, and was an assistant at Rice University the previous 9. She is considered an excellent recruiter, having drawn several top 25 classes while at Clemson. At Rice, she helped the Owls win 179 games.
As of March 17, 2011, Shanice Stephens was released of her duties at the University of North Texas after three seasons with an overall record of 25-67.
She played college basketball at Oklahoma State University. At Oklahoma State, she played on two National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament teams, including one that reached the Sweet Sixteen.

 References 

Lindner ethics complaint of the 83rd Minnesota Legislative Session
In 2004 then State Rep. Keith Ellison (DFL-Minneapolis) and a group of fellow Democratic-Farmer-Labor members of the Minnesota State House of Representatives filed an ethics complaint against State Rep. Arlon Lindner (R-Corcoran) for a speech he made which Ellison alleged amounted to a denial that homosexuals were targeted by the Nazis and were killed during the Holocaust.

 Lindner as controversial figure 
In early 2003 Ellison was among several DFL legislators who filed an ethics complaint against Rep. Arlon Lindner (R-Corcoran) representing House District 33A. At the time Lindner was already seen as controversial.
In 1997 as the case of Baehr v. Miike was progressing through the Hawaiian State Court system, Minnesotan social conservatives feared their state would recognize same-sex marriages performed there. They feared that the "Full Faith and Credit Clause" of the United States Constitution would require this, despite the Federal Defense of Marriage Act passed in 1996.
In response a debate over banning gay and lesbian marriage occurred in the Minnesota Legislature. On the House floor Lindner claimed that allowing same-sex marriage would open the door to "a man marrying a child or a man marrying a dog." Openly gay State Rep. Karen Clark (whose partner, parents, and her partner's parents were attending the debate) expressed dismay at the comment. Lindner told her "I don't know why you felt that was insulting. I was trying to make a point, that we've got a norm of one man, one woman. Once we begin to deviate...what's to keep us from having to pass laws to allow a man to marry several women, or a man and a boy relationship -- and there  are people who would like to have that. When we start changing that definition of marriage, that does open up the door to others who will say 'Why not us?'" He told Clark that while he saw her as "one of God's creations. ...I personally don't think the lifestyle you've chosen and other homosexuals have chosen is really good  for you, your partner or society. ...I'm talking in general, the HIV/AIDS problem, other diseases. It probably affects more homosexual men. ...I don't know of any [heterosexual] couple, where they've been faithful to each other, a man and a woman, has any fear of any sexually transmitted disease unless they have to get a blood transfusion. ...you're living in sin." He also stated "I don't believe adoption of children by homosexual couples is  in the best interests of children." (In 1997 Minnesota enacted the Marriage Protection Act defining marriage as a "civil contract between a man and a woman" and stating that "Lawful marriage may be contracted only between persons of the opposite sex".)
In May 2001 Lindner was outraged by the news that Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama was going to address the Minnesota Legislature.  In an e-mail to House members he stated "As a Christian, I am offended that we would have the Dalai Lama come and speak to a joint meeting of our Minnesota Legislature.  He claims to be a god-king, a leader of the Buddha religion, which historically has been considered a cult because of its anti-Biblical teachings concerning the one true Holy God, Creator of Heaven and earth and His Son, Jesus Christ.  A Buddhist would say, 'Why the big fuss about abortion and euthanasia? After all, we are all reincarnated over and over again in many lives, so why the big deal about ending one?' These beliefs are incompatible with Christian principles, and those Christian principles are or have been the governing principles of American society. There is a public religious ethic that prevails in this country, Judeo-Christian, demanding a public adherence to that standard in terms of behavior rather than belief.  The Judeo-Christian ethic is the moral and spiritual foundation of our Constitution, Bill of Rights and most of our laws and it has served us well. ...I for one will not be present on the morning of May 9."By the 83rd Minnesota Legislative Session Lindner had already faced an ethics complaint before. This was a result of his reaction to the request of Rep. Paymar. His first complaint stemmed from a May 2000 incident after the Republican Party took control of the House and some members felt that the prayers opening the session were becoming too sectarian.  "For many, things went too far when House leaders recently brought in a choir to open the day's session with a musical rendition of the Apostles' Creed." In light of this Rep. Michael Paymar (DFL-St. Paul) who is Jewish said "I would like to be part of that moment where a religious leader gets up before us and has a prayer. But I would like that to be non-denominational, and I would like it to be respectful of who I am." In response to his and others' concerns a rule was passed "requiring that in the future, prayer be non-denominational." In responding to Paymar, Lindner said "You know, we're told there's one God and one mediator between God and man. That man is Jesus Christ. And most of us here are Christians. And we shouldn't be left not able to pray in the name of our God....And if you don't like it, you may have to like it-Or just don't come. I don't come sometimes for some prayers here....We have that privilege, and you need to exercise it. But don't impose your irreligious left views on me." Rep. Matt Entenza (DFL-St. Paul), called on Lindner "to rethink his comments. When Lindner refused to reply, Entenza put forth a 'protest of dissent' petition asking the House Ethics Committee to reprimand Lindner. It was signed by 60 House members, including eight Republicans." Later "The ethics panel found the comments 'regrettable', but took no disciplinary action."

 Context of Lindner's remarks 
In 1993 Minnesota passed a provision that added sexual orientation to the state's human rights law. The provision has been characterized by its supporters as protecting "gay and lesbian teachers and students from discrimination". In early 2003 Rep. Lindner claimed that the provision was a shield for the promotion of  homosexuality, "In some of the schools, we've got children as young as three, in pre-school, on up through the years that are being taught homosexual practices. And it doesn't mean they're going to be homosexual, but unfortunately they hear about some of the sexual activities of the homosexual, and they're being told that it's safe and so forth and healthy, and it isn't." He claimed "parents have complained to the schools, and administrators have told them that there's nothing they can do because of state law." Lindner co-authored a bill to repeal this provision and worked to get it a hearing by a House committee. Meeting with homosexuals opposed to his bill Lindner stressed "I don't hate any of those people. I know they accuse me of hating and wanting all kind of terrible things to happen to them, but I don't hate any of them. I do love them. Actually this would benefit them if they were to leave that lifestyle or if they would maybe be more faithful to one partner, if it's got to be that way. But it's my understanding that gays have hundreds and even thousands of partners over a lifetime." His remarks were seen as offensive by many Minnesotan homosexuals who said "most gays and lesbians are in committed relationships."  They also took issue with Lindner's suggestion that homosexuality is a lifestyle choice.

 Holocaust remarks 
The complaint from Ellison and company came after Lindner made several comments he made on the floor of the House while he "introduced a bill that would repeal the state's pro-gay human rights amendment and remove sexual orientation from its hate-crimes law." Lindner said "Most of my life, when the word Holocaust was referred to, it usually referred to the Jewish suffering and death that occurred under the Nazi occupation. It's just been within the recent two or three years that it's been brought forward that homosexuals also suffered like that....It never happened. I was a child during World War II, and I've read a lot about World War II. It's just been recently that anyone's come out with this idea that homosexuals were persecuted to this extent. There's been a lot of rewriting of history."

 Response to Lindner's remarks 
Linder's comments not only drew a response from members of the DFL, but also from Hinda Kibort, an 82-year-old holocaust survivor who had lived in a concentration camp in Germany from 1941 to 1945. She said "[h]is obvious lack of knowledge concerning Nazi barbarity in World War II is appalling." She stated that the Nazis identified homosexuals in her camp with pink stars, and that "[u]nlike Lindner, I did not learn about World War II and the Nazi holocaust by reading books. I was in a concentration camp and can testify to the fact that homosexuals were indeed persecuted based on their sexuality."Some of Lindner's critics invited him to join their upcoming trip to in Washington, D.C. for Holocaust Remembrance Day. Lindner said he would only consider the offer "if others pay for his trip and time off." Lindner claimed that "no one can fully know what happened 60 years ago..." and said "I just think it's strange that over 58, 60 years it's just willing to come out about that. We know there's been a lot of rewriting of history lately and in my mind that's possibly an area where that's happening."

 Lindner responds to the controversy 
On March 10, 2004 Lindner complained that critics of his remarks were not focusing on the real motives of his bill and his speech. He said "that homosexuality, the rise in sexually transmitted diseases, and comprehensive sexual health education could prompt a future 'holocaust' in Minnesota". On the House floor he said, "[w]hat I am trying to prevent is the holocaust of our children getting STDs, AIDS, and various other diseases that are going to affect their lives. If you want to sit around here and wait until America becomes another African continent, well, then, you do that, but I'm going to do something about it." Whatever his intentions, Lindner's new remarks only managed to offend more Jews and Gays, while upsetting many African-Americans within Minnesota. With respect to the accuracy of his claims that gays weren't targeted via death camps, Lindner said he was continuing his "research " on the issue.

 Ethics complaint is filed 
Ellison, one of only two African-American state lawmakers at the time (the other being Rep. Neva Walker of District 61B), became the spokesman of the DFL group that filed with the Ethics Committee against Lindner. Besides Ellison the group consisted of Representatives Karen Clark, Frank Hornstein (whose mother is a Holocaust survivor), Margaret Anderson Kelliher, Neva Walker, Lyndon Carlson, Ron Latz, and House Minority Leader Matt Entenza. The complaint held "that when Lindner expressed his belief that homosexuals may not have been persecuted during the Nazi Holocaust, his conduct violated 'accepted norms of House behavior' and that his comments 'bring the House into dishonor or disrepute.'" Ellison stated that they sought "censure of Lindner and his removal as chair of the Economic Development and Tourism Division of the House Commerce, Jobs, and Economic Development Policy Committee." Ellison's group exhibited letters from out-of-state residents who said they cancelled vacation plans in Minnesota after learning of Lindner's comments. Ellison stated "There's a question mark hanging over the State Office Building. The question is 'Do the people of the state of Minnesota and the legislators that represent them share the viewpoint that people who were victims of Nazi persecution were in fact not victims of Nazi persecution?' Mr. Lindner has insulted not only the House but members of the community at large."  The Session Weekly reported "'The fact of the matter is his conduct calls for discipline,' said Ellison, who added that a censure penalty does not prohibit Lindner from saying what he believes. 'It would just be a denunciation, a condemnation, of what he said.'" Ellison told Minnesota Public Radio "That question mark sitting over this building is whether we represent all the people of this state or not. And whether or not an elected official, a person who holds an election certificate can spout bigoted language, mean-spirited, untrue statements designed to injure members of the community and members of this body. That is the issue."

 Walker-Black letter 
In the middle of the controversy about Lindner's remarks his lawyer sent a routine legal request for discovery to Rep. Neva Walker, an African-American DFL member from Minneapolis. The letter was addressed to her as "Walker-Black". Walker had never been married, didn't use a hyphenated name, and had never had the last name Black. It appeared as if someone forgot to remove the race notation before signing and sending out that letter. James Anderson, Lindner's lawyer, apologized to Walker saying it was a "simple mistake.  I can tell you that the person typing the letter apparently looked at the file and put the words together wrong [from a form that listed her name by her race]." Walker said "I do believe it was an accident and somebody forgot to erase it.  ...I am an elected official and I deserve respect, and that misprint is a lack of respect." The lawyer said "Basically, it's a tempest in a teapot," he said, adding that "some people are just hypersensitive if from a simple mistake they can call someone a racist." Walker responded, "It's easy to say that when you're not on the receiving of a racist comment, but racist attacks are emotionally and mentally draining. And I am far from sensitive. It takes a lot to offend me. ...Folks who are so focused on this issue don't realize that there is a pattern with this particular representative."

 Norm Coleman responds 
On March 12, 2003 it was reported that then-US Senator Norm Coleman, who is Jewish, was calling on his fellow Minnesota Republicans to "reject" Lindner's "deplorable and historically inaccurate" view on the Holocaust.

 Minnesota House Republicans response 
The Republicans in the Minnesota House dismissed the idea of speech being an ethics violation, maintaining "Lindner's comments were offensive, but Lindner has the right to say them." Republican House Speaker Steve Sviggum pointed out that "House Republicans didn't complain when Rep. Tom Rukavina, DFL-Virginia, called State Auditor Pat Awada, 'Osama Bin Awada'" when Awada proposed to curb local government aid. Sviggum said "everyone is entitled to First Amendment rights. 'At some point or another people have freedom of speech even though that speech may not be appropriate, politically correct or even the most wise speech.'" Sviggum said "I don't think that we want to take this to the ultimate end and put that chilling effect upon speech, upon feeling, upon values and principals that one has or doesn't have in this entire process." Lindner also invoked freedom of speech, saying "I still believe in the First Amendment -- that we're allowed to express our views and so forth -- and it's getting close to maybe not being able to do that, but while we can, I'm doing it." In their rebuttal the House Republicans also played a recording of Ellison's interview with a radio station. In the interview Ellison had said "People should feel free to express themselves as long as they don't violate the law. ...I would never invoke the powers of the state to restrict Arlon Lindner from expressing himself."

 Lindner versus charge of anti-Semitism 
At the Ethics Committee hearing Holocaust survivor Hinda Kibort testified against Lindner, saying she saw him as a holocaust denier "Because if he denies a part of what happened, he denies the Holocaust. There is no way around that."Lindner stressed that he was not denying Jewish suffering, believing the only way his comments could be construed that way was because they "were edited by Democrats". Lindner (who originally came to Minnesota from Texas to earn his Master of Divinity from Central Baptist Theological Seminary in Minneapolis) stressed his theological opposition to harming Jews, "As a Christian who believes the Bible is true, there has always been a special place in my heart and life for God's words about the Jewish people. In Genesis 12:3, the Lord says regarding the Jewish nation, 'I will bless them that bless thee and I will curse them that curse thee.' ...God has given us the Bible as our guide for living. The Bible teaches me homosexual activity is wrong, sinful, and harmful. ...The Jew shall always be my friend."Lindner also denied he was being bigoted in his reference to Africa saying "he should have specified one African country that is being decimated by AIDS." He also claimed he would "continue his research on homosexuality in Nazi Germany to get all sides on this issue."

 Results of the complaint 
A House Ethics Committee motion to censure Lindner failed in a 2-2 vote following party lines. After the motion failed Lindner "told reporters he stands by his comments. 'I certainly do,' he said. Asked whether he regretted saying them, Lindner responded 'not in the least.'" After the committee's decision and still upset with Lindner's comments, Bill English of the Coalition of Black Churches approached Lindner and told him he "offended an entire continent of people." He then called Lindner "a redneck", and the two argued over which one of them was intolerant.Lindner's bill to remove state human rights protection for gays, lesbians, bisexual and transgender people did not get a committee hearing and was never brought up for a vote in the House. Governor Tim Pawlenty said he was "deeply troubled by Lindner's comments" adding "From my standpoint, his comments and perspective certainly do not reflect where the Republican Party is or should be." Pawlenty said he "wouldn't sign Lindner's proposed human rights repeal legislation as written." This despite "concerns about portions of the current law." (In his 2002 gubernatorial campaign Pawlenty called his 1993 vote as  a freshman legislator, "to include sexual orientation in the human rights law, which prohibits certain forms of discrimination based on such factors as race, ethnicity, religion and disability status" as "the one vote he regrets.")

 United States Holocaust Museum exhibit 
In late 2003 in response to the controversy over Lindner's comments the United States Holocaust Museum arranged for an unscheduled stop in Minneapolis for its "Nazi Persecutions of Homosexuals 1933-1945". The exhibit focused on Paragraph 175 of the German penal code (which banned sexual intimacy between members of the same gender) and "describes a purposeful effort by the Nazis that resulted in about 100,000 arrests, 50,000 imprisonments, an untold number of deaths in concentration camps and such things as forced castrations".
While one news service claimed Lindner refused to attend another reported that he accepted "an invitation to tour the exhibition with Stephen Silberfarb, executive director of the Jewish Community Relations Council of Minnesota and the Dakotas" and said he was "looking forward to it".  In that interview he claimed that what he had been misunderstood during the whole controversy "I said I didn't believe that homosexuals were persecuted to the same extent that Jewish people were. I was thinking more number-wise."

 Lindner and the 2004 elections 
At the time Republicans said "any action will be taken by the voters in Lindner's district, who can decide whether to re-elect the six-term lawmaker." Lindner who had been serving District 32A in the Minnesota House of Representatives since 1993, was denied the Republican endorsement in the 2004 elections.  Joyce Peppin who received the endorsement said it was because Lindner was "a flawed messenger for the conservative agenda...You can't change hearts and minds when you are constantly offending people". He then ran as an independent.  In the general election the results were Joyce Peppin (R) 14,273 votes 53.8%, Caroll Holmstrom (D) 7,112 votes 26.8%, Arlon Lindner (I) 5,114 votes 19.3%; so Lindner failed in his re-election bid.

 Effect on Keith Ellison's 2006 campaign 

 Endorsement 
During Minnesota's 2006 DFL primary for Minnesota's 5th District seat in the United States House of Representatives the Twin Cities-based publication American Jewish World endorsed Keith Ellison citing his work during the ethics complaint as one of their reasons.  They wrote "Ellison acted as the lawyer for the House DFL caucus in an ethics proceeding against former representative Arlon Lindner, who contended that gays were not victims of Nazi oppression in the Holocaust.  Ellison understands the importance of guarding against Holocaust denial and revisionism, and links the lessons of the Shoah to more recent cases of genocide in Rwanda and Darfur." The Ellison campaign called this an "extremely valued and valuable endorsement", and Ellison said "I am humbled, and just plain thrilled, by the confidence the American Jewish World has placed in my vision of a just future where there are no throw-away people and peace is our guiding principle. ...This is how we will win – by creating a powerful force of real people unified behind a passion for justice." The Minnesota Monitor described the endorsement's influence on the race as a "bombshell".

 Criticizing Rumsfeld 
During his 2006 campaign Ellison invoked the Lindner controversy when rebutting remarks of the Secretary of Defense.

On August 29, 2006 Sec. Donald Rumsfeld said "Over the next decades [1920s-30s], a sentiment took root that contended that if only the growing threats that had begun to emerge in Europe and Asia could be accommodated, then the carnage and the destruction of then-recent memory of World War I could be avoided. It was a time when a certain amount of cynicism and moral confusion set in among Western democracies. When those who warned about a coming crisis, the rise of fascism and nazism, they were ridiculed or ignored. Indeed, in the decades before World War II, a great many argued that the fascist threat was exaggerated or that it was someone else's problem. Some nations tried to negotiate a separate peace, even as the enemy made its deadly ambitions crystal clear. It was, as Winston Churchill observed, a bit like feeding a crocodile, hoping it would eat you last. ...I recount that history because once again we face similar challenges in efforts to confront the rising threat of a new type of fascism. Today -- another enemy, a different kind of enemy -- has made clear its intentions with attacks in places like New York and Washington, D.C., Bali, London, Madrid, Moscow and so many other places. But some seem not to have learned history's lessons. ...With the growing lethality and the increasing availability of weapons, can we truly afford to believe that somehow, some way, vicious extremists can be appeased? Can folks really continue to think that free countries can negotiate a separate peace with terrorists?"In his press release Ellison was outraged "on two counts – that Rumsfeld's comments are deeply un-American in their disrespect for the right of free speech, and are equally offensive for trivializing the evil of the Nazi regime, which manifested itself most tragically in the Holocaust of Jews and many others. ...As one of the leaders in the Minnesota House in the fight to censure then- Representative Arlon Lindner for remarks that were anti-Semitic, homophobic and denied aspects of the Holocaust, I take this comparison personally. All who care about preserving the truth about the Holocaust should decry a trivialization of this horrible injustice."

 Sources 

 External links 
Lindner ethics complaint of the 83rd Minnesota Legislative Session at Minnesota Legislators Past & Present
United States Holocaust Memorial Museum - Nazi Persecution of Homosexuals online exhibit

1998–99 Ulster Rugby season
In Ulster Rugby's fourth season since the advent of professionalism, they were champions of the Heineken Cup, and finished second in the IRFU Interprovincial Championship.
Harry Williams was appointed as Director of Rugby, signing a three-year full time contract, starting on 1 July when he resigned as principal of Holywood Primary School. A former prop for Malone and Bangor, Williams had coached Bangor to Ulster League and Cup titles in the 1980s. He was Ulster's coach for four years from 1987, and had led them to four unbeaten seasons in the Interprovincial Championship. He was part of the Irish development squad coaching team for their tour of New Zealand in 1993, and was Ireland A coach for three years. Most recently, he was coach of Dublin side Bective Rangers for 18 months, before resigning for family reasons at the end of 1998. Former Ireland fullback Colin Wilkinson was assistant coach, and Harry Brennan was strength and conditioning coach.: 41 Warren Gatland, the new Ireland coach, led a drive by the IRFU to bring Irish players who had signed contracts with English clubs back to Ireland. Ulster were strengthened by the return of out-half David Humphreys and centre Mark McCall from London Irish, centre Jonny Bell and hooker Allen Clarke from Northampton, and lock Mark Blair from Edinburgh, but locks Paddy Johns and Jeremy Davidson rejected the IRFU approach, Johns staying at Saracens, Davidson moving from London Irish to Castres.: 16–22, 81–82  Two English-born Irish internationals were also signed: fullback Simon Mason from Richmond, and prop Justin Fitzpatrick from London Irish.: 46, 70 The IRFU announced that the Irish provinces would have squads of 30 players, most of whom would be full-time professionals, for the coming season. The IRFU Ulster Branch signed 19 full-time players for the 1998–99 season, including Jonny Bell, Justin Fitzpatrick, Allen Clarke, David Humphreys, Simon Mason,: p. 34–35  Maurice Field, Denis McBride, Stephen Ritchie, James Topping and Gary Longwell, while younger players like Robin Morrow and Sheldon Coulter were signed to part-time contracts.: p. 67 Mark McCall was named as captain, but sustained a career-ending injury in a friendly against Glasgow on 28 September.: 55–56 Ulster's Heineken Cup campaign started with a draw against Edinburgh, followed by a heavy defeat away to Toulouse. When the players reacted with relief that the scoreline was not as extreme as the 108–16 defeat Toulouse had recently inflicted on Ebbw Vale, Williams was furious.: 67–71  Training was revamped: where previously the team had trained in the early mornings and evenings to accommodate part-time players, daytime sessions were introduced for full-time professionals, with one evening session a week for the part-timers.: 78–79  Ulster defeated Ebbw Vale, and then Toulouse at home, in front of Ravenhill's biggest crowd for several years,: 88–90  and were unbeaten for the remainder of the pool stage. With Ebbw Vale beating Toulouse 19–11 at home in their final game, Ulster topped the pool with an away win over Edinburgh.: 98–107 They drew Toulouse at home in the quarter-finals. In the second half, with Ulster narrowly in the lead, flanker Andy Ward received word that his wife had gone into labour, and left the field, replaced by Derek Topping. Toulouse almost took the lead, if not for a late try-saving tackle on Michel Marfaing by David Humphreys, who injured his shoulder in the process. Bryn Cunningham replaced him, and Ulster held on to win.: 115–126  This was followed by a home semi-final against Stade Francais, with Ravenhill's capacity increased to 20,000 with temporary stands.: 68  It featured a memorable try from Humphreys – from his own 22, he chipped the ball forward to Sheldon Coulter, who passed it back to Humphreys to run it in from the halfway line – as well as five penalties, a conversion and a drop goal from Simon Mason, in a 33–27 victory.: 137–146  In the final, held at Lansdowne Road in Dublin, Ulster defeated Colomiers 21–6 to become the first Irish side to lift the Heineken Cup.Jonny Bell, Jeremy Davidson, Justin Fitzpatrick, David Humphreys, Eric Miller and Andy Ward were selected in the Ireland squad for the 1999 Five Nations Championship. Bell, Humphreys, Davidson, Fitzpatrick and Ward were selected for the 1999 tour to Australia.

 Squad 

 1998–99 Heineken Cup 

 Pool 3 

 Quarter-final 

 Semi-final 

 Final 

 1998–99 IRFU Interprovincial Championship 

Top three teams qualify for next season's Heineken Cup.

 Representative matches 

 Ulster Rugby Awards 
The IRFU Ulster Branch Awards ceremony was held on 27 May 1999 at the Balmoral Conference Centre. Winners were:
Player of the year: Simon Mason
Guinness personality of the year: David Humphreys
Northern Bank coach of the year: Harry Williams
Renault schools player of the year: Bryan Young, Ballymena Academy
Calor Gas youth player of the year: David Cantley, Dromore
First Trust club of the year: Dungannon RFC
Dorrie B. Faulker Award: Joe Eagleson, competitions secretary

 References 

2011 Tirap ambush
The 2011 Tirap Ambush was a violent clash within the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (NSCN) between the NSCN--Isak Muivah (NSCN-IM) and the NSCN--Khaplang (NSCN-K) militant groups on the Indo-Myanmar border of Tirap district, in Eastern Arunachal Pradesh, India.

 Background 
In 2010, reconciliation attempts by the Federal Government of Nagaland/ Naga National Council had resulted in a large drop in fatalities in the NSCN Internecine Conflict. However, starting in December 2010, an escalation in the conflict began for unclear reasons.
On December 27, 110 NSCN-K militants attacked an NSCN-IM post at Khamlang village in the Changlang District of Arunachal Pradesh, killing at least two NSCN-IM cadres and injuring 5. Following this, numerous other clashes occurred in the district, with violence spilling over into neighboring Tirap district as well.

 Ambush 
On the night of February 24, 2011, some 100 NSCN-IM cadres crossing into Tirap from Myanmar's Sagaing region were ambushed by NSCN-K forces. The clash lasted into the 25th of February, and ultimately resulted in the  NSCN-IM being repulsed from the area. At least 30 NSCN-IM cadres were killed, and an unknown number were injured. At least 5  NSCN-K cadres were killed in the clash as well. Neither side made any detailed report of the incident; its first mention occurred in Indian intelligence reports weeks after the incident.

 Aftermath 
Following this incident, the rate of conflict between the two sides increased significantly. The day after the ambush, on February 26, a clash broke out in Myanmar where at least 2 NSCN-K militants were injured.
The deterioration in the NSCN-IM's strength following these clashes, as well as the general turmoil regarding the outfit, may have played a role in the creation of the Zelianrong United Front (ZUF) by disgruntled NSCN-IM cadres the same day as the clash on the 25th. The ZUF has been known to often collaborate with the NSCN-K in attacks against the NSCN-IM.
Near constant gunfights between the two factions continued till at least the 28th, leading to an unknown number of casualties on both sides. Notable clashes with heavy casualties would be reported on July 13 (the Kothin Clash), October 7 (the Battle of Leishok), October 18, and November 10 of that year, with dozens of smaller gunfights occurring between these dates as well. The total number of casualties on either side in these clashes has never been specified. The NSCN internecine conflict continues to the present.

 References 

Dhasan River
The Dhasan River is a river in central India. A right bank tributary of the Betwa River, it originates in Begumganj tehsil (Raisen district, Madhya Pradesh).The river forms the southeastern boundary of the Lalitpur District of Uttar Pradesh state. Its total length is 365 km, out of which 240 km lies in Madhya Pradesh, 54 km common boundary between Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, and 71 km in Uttar Pradesh. Bela,
Kathan, Mangrar, Bachneri and Rohni are among its tributaries.

 Human activity 
Two dams have been built on Dhasan: one at Pahari and one further down at Lahchura. A three-branched irrigational canal was opened in 1910, diverting some of the river's flow and providing water for the Bundelkhand region.The river was known as the Dasharna in ancient times. Residents of nearby villages regard this river as a holy river.

 See also 
River basins in Madhya Pradesh

 References 

Ahmed Sayed
Ahmed Mostafa Mohamed Sayed (Arabic: أحمد مصطفى محمد سيد; born 10 January 1996) commonly known as Zizo (Arabic: زيزو), is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Egyptian Premier League club Zamalek and the Egypt national team.  

 Career 

 Club 
Zizo made his Belgian Pro League debut at 29 March 2014 against Waasland-Beveren in a 0–2 away win in the 2013–14 season, he replaced Souleymane Diomandé after 50 minutes. He went onto make 72 appearances and score 49 goals in his first four seasons between 2014 and 2017 with Lierse. In January 2017, Sayed joined Primeira Liga side Nacional on loan, with an option to buy, for the rest of the 2016–17 season.

 Career statistics 

 Club 
As of 26 January 2024

 International 

 Honours and achievements 
ZamalekEgyptian Premier League: 2020–21, 2021–22
Egypt Cup: 2018–19,  2020–21
Egyptian Super Cup: 2019–20
CAF Confederation Cup: 2018–19
CAF Super Cup: 2020

 Performances 
Egyptian Premier League top goalscorer: 2021–22

 References 

 External links 
Ahmed Sayed at Soccerway

2019 Balakot airstrike
The 2019 Balakot airstrike was a bombing raid conducted by Indian warplanes on 26 February 2019 in Balakot, Pakistan, against an alleged terrorist training camp. Open source satellite imagery has revealed that no targets of consequence were hit. The following day, Pakistan shot down an Indian warplane and took its pilot, Abhinandan Varthaman, as prisoner. Indian anti-aircraft fire downed an Indian helicopter killing six or seven airmen on board, their deaths receiving perfunctory coverage by Indian media. India claimed that a Pakistani F-16 fighter jet was downed, but that claim has been debunked.  The airstrike was used by India's ruling party to bolster its patriotic appeal in the general elections of April 2019.The airstrike was conducted by India in the early morning hours of 26 February when Indian warplanes crossed the de facto border in the disputed region of Kashmir and dropped bombs in the vicinity of the town of Balakot in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan. Pakistan's military, the first to announce the airstrike in the morning of 26 February, described the Indian planes as dropping their payload in an uninhabited wooded hilltop area near Balakot.India, confirming the airstrike later the same day, characterized it to be a preemptive strike directed against a terrorist training camp, and causing the deaths of a "large number" of terrorists. Analysis of open-source satellite imagery by the Atlantic Council's Digital Forensics Laboratory, San Francisco-based Planet Labs, European Space Imaging, and the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, has concluded that India did not hit any targets of significance on the Jaba hilltop site in the vicinity of Balakot.The following day on 27 February, in a tit-for-tat airstrike, Pakistan retaliated, causing an Indian warplane to be shot down and its pilot to be taken prisoner by the Pakistan military before being returned on 1 March. An Indian Mi-17 helicopter was brought down by friendly fire in which all six airmen on board were killed; this was acknowledged by India on 4 October 2019. The airstrikes were the first time since the India-Pakistan war of 1971 that warplanes of either country crossed the Line of Control and also since both states became nuclear powers.On 10 April 2019, 47 days after the airstrike, some international journalists, who were taken to the Jaba hilltop in a tightly controlled trip arranged by Pakistani government, found the largest building of the site to show no evidence of damage or recent rebuilding.

 Background 

The Kashmir insurgency has been occurring since 1989, but a new wave of violence was witnessed during 2016 when Burhan Wani then commander of Hizbul Mujahideen was killed in an encounter. In 2018, more than 500 people (including civilians, soldiers and militants) were killed in the violence. On 14 February 2019, a convoy of vehicles carrying security personnel on the Jammu–Srinagar National Highway was attacked by a vehicle-borne suicide bomber at Lethpora in the Pulwama district, Jammu and Kashmir, India. The attack resulted in the deaths of 46 Central Reserve Police Force personnel and the attacker. The perpetrator of the attack was from Indian-administered Kashmir. The responsibility for the attack was claimed by the Pakistan-based Islamist militant group Jaish-e-Mohammed. Pakistan condemned the attack, and denied any connection to it.The airstrike occurred ahead of the 2019 Indian general election. On 19 February, Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan attributed Indian government's desire to attack Pakistan to the upcoming election. The Indian government rejected the allegation.

 Incident 
On 26 February 2019, Pakistan announced the intrusion of Indian aircraft into its airspace, but asserted that the Indian fleet was intercepted, causing them to retreat, to release their bombs which hit an open area, and to dump their fuel. In a press briefing, Pakistan's Director-General Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR), Major General Asif Ghafoor, stated that three IAF teams were spotted approaching the Pakistan border from various sectors in the early hours of 26 February. He added that the two of these teams did not cross the border following a challenge from Pakistani aircraft flying combat air patrol, but the third one crossed the Line of Control from the Kiran Valley near Muzaffarabad before being intercepted by Pakistani Air Force (PAF) jets within three minutes of the incursion. Pervez Khattak, Pakistani Defence Minister, stated that the Pakistani Air Force did not retaliate at that time because "they could not gauge the extent of the damage".Later on 26 February 2019, India confirmed the airstrike, stating that the Indian Air Force conducted them in retaliation to the Pulwama attack. The strikes were subsequently claimed to be "non-military" and "preemptive'' in nature; targeting a Jaish-e-Mohammed facility within Pakistan.The airstrike was the first time since the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 that attacking warplanes had crossed the Line of Control.Indian media claimed to have confirmed from official sources that twelve Mirage 2000 jets were involved in the operation. The Indian Express further reported that the Mirage 2000s were carrying SPICE 2000 and Popeye precision-guided munitions and that they were supported by four Sukhoi Su-30MKI, Netra and Phalcon airborne early warning and control aircraft, an IAI Heron UAV and two Ilyushin Il-78 aerial refuelling aircraft. Furthermore Indian officials claim that four SU-30MKIs were launched from their South Punjab base and headed towards Jodhpur and on to Barmer, Rajasthan before turning West towards Jaish-e-Mohammed headquarters in Pakistan located in the populous town of Bahawalpur. These four aircraft, tasked as decoys, successfully drew PAF fighters way south of the main attack force.After releasing the bombs, the jets returned into Indian airspace unharmed and the Indian media claimed that whilst Pakistan scrambled its F-16 jets, they could not engage the Indian planes. Retired PAF Air Marshall Masood Akhtar opined that the air forces of both countries may have been instructed not to attack each other to avoid further escalation of conflict.

 The target 
There has been ambiguity among the sources as to what the exact target was, and about whether the madrassa – Taleem ul-Quran run by Masood Azhar's brother-in-law, Muhammad Yusuf Azhar, was an active JeM camp or not.
According to a diplomatic cable leaked in 2011, a 2004 United States Department of Defense interrogation report stated that Balakot had "a training camp that offers both basic and advanced terrorist training on explosives and artillery." In contrast, military analysts asserted that whilst the area used to host militant camps, they dispersed after the 2005 Pakistan earthquake to avoid detection by the international aid groups providing relief in the area.Indian intelligence sources claim that the camp was located in a hilltop forest, 20 km (12 mi) from Balakot, and that it was a resort-style facility, with space and room for 500–700 militants, including a swimming pool, cooks and cleaners. The New York Times mentioned western security officials of having doubted the existence of such large-scale training camps, asserting that Pakistan no longer runs them and that "militant groups are spread out in small groups around the country".The local people varied as to the purpose of the facility. In the immediate aftermath of the strikes, whilst some claimed of it being an active Jaish training camp, others asserted it to have been a mere school for the local children and that such militant camps used to exist far earlier. On later visits by Reuters, the locals claimed that the school had been shut down about a year back and was no longer operational.

 Damage 
Neutral sources have asserted that the munitions dropped by Indian warplanes appeared to have hit several trees in a wooded area but caused no other damage, nor any casualties in the area where the attack took place. Some Western diplomats also stated that they did not believe Indian Air Force had hit any militant camp. Western security officials have cast doubt over Indian claims and asserted that there are no longer any such large scale militant camps in Pakistan.India has asserted that "a very large number of JeM terrorists, trainers, senior commanders and groups of jihadis," who were preparing for launching another suicide attack targeting Indian assets, were killed. Indian media reported that the camp was leveled, and about 200–350 JeM militants were killed though the exact figures varied across media-houses. The National Technical Research Organisation had located about 300 active mobile phones in the camp; prior to the strike. In contrast, Pakistan asserted that there were no casualties or infrastructure damage as a result of the attack.Villagers from the area spoke of four bombs striking a nearby forest and field around 3 am, damaging a building, and injuring a local man. Journalists associated with the Associated Press visited the area on 26 February and saw craters and damaged trees. The villagers they met reported no casualties. A team from Al Jazeera visited the site two days after the strikes and noted "splintered pine trees and rocks" which were strewn across the four blast craters. The local hospital officials and residents asserted that they did not come across any casualty or wounded people. The reporters located the facility, a school run by Jaish-e-Mohammed, at around a kilometre to the east of one of the bomb craters, atop a steep ridge but were unable to access it. Reporters from Reuters were repeatedly denied access to the madrassa by the military citing security issues but they noted the structure (and its vicinity) to be intact from the back. The press wing of the Pakistan military had twice postponed scheduled visits to the site. However, on 29 March 2019, Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) took journalists to the site where the strike took place. There were around 375 students present in the Madrasa. Journalists were allowed to interview the students. They were also allowed to take photos and record videos of the site.

 Satellite data assessments 
Satellite-data analysis by the Australian Strategic Policy Institute's Nathan Ruser concluded that there is "no apparent evidence of more extensive damage and on the face of it does not validate Indian claims regarding the effect of the strikes." Michael Sheldon, a digital forensics analyst from Atlantic Council did another independent investigation on the issue which asserted that no damage was inflicted to any infrastructure around the target-site. It concluded that "something appeared to have gone wrong in the targeting process" and that the botch-up was mysterious in light of the autonomous nature of the supposedly used missiles. A Reuters investigation based on high-resolution satellite imagery by Planet Labs noted an unchanged landscape when compared to an April 2018 satellite photo. It noted that "there were no discernible holes in the roofs of buildings, no signs of scorching, blown-out walls, displaced trees around the madrasa or other signs of an aerial attack". Even higher quality imagery, taken from the WorldView-2 satellite, was later also analysed by the Australian Strategic Policy Institute and showed "that all three weapons missed by similar (but not identical) distances" suggesting "that the misses were caused by a systematic targeting error".European Space Imaging also provided high-resolution image of the site where the strike took place. The satellite imagery was from 27 February 2019, a day after the strike took place. The image showed that buildings were unharmed and there was no sign of casualties at the site. Managing director Adrian Zevenbergen, claimed that "there were no signs of scorching, no large distinguishable holes in the buildings and no signs of stress to the surrounding vegetation".

 Indian officials claims 
In contrast, Indian officials said that analysis of before and after images from the synthetic aperture radar (SAR) carried by an airborne platform showed that four buildings had been destroyed but did not release those images. The official stated that SAR images from the first day after the attack showed that the roofs of the building (made of corrugated galvanized iron (CGI) sheets) were missing, and were repaired after two days. According to the official the presence of new roofs had made the assessment by technical intelligence difficult and it was up to the Indian Government to decide on the release of the classified SAR images. The Indian Air Force showed the reporters of India Today and other media houses, the high-resolution satellite pictures possessed by the IAF which according to India Today showed three holes in the roof of one of the buildings. These holes were reported as a "classic signature of a SPICE bomb strike".

 Media reports 
Reuters journalists were prevented from coming near the site of the attack, three times in nine days by the Pakistani security officials. Business Today India stated that the area around Balakot had been cordoned off by the Pakistan Army and evidence such as the dead bodies were being cleared from the area. Praveen Swami writing for Firstpost claimed that Indian intelligence estimated a figure of about 20 casualties and that there were five confirmed kills per burial records. He also noted a JeM rally in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa on 28 February, wherein Masood Azhar's brother, Abdul Rauf Rasheed Alvi mentioned India's attack of their headquarters and vowed revenge. In another piece, Swami stated that based on intercepted communications, Research and Analysis Wing analysts estimated 90 casualties, including three Pakistani Army trainers. Swami though noted a lack of witness testimony to independently assess the validity of above claims.US State Department acknowledged reports of Pakistan misusing the F-16s, although undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs didn't mention concerns about the use of F-16s in shooting down Indian fighter jets since acknowledging it in formal State Department transmission would be a clear violation of Congress approved terms for selling the fighters as it would trigger formal procedures to reprimand Islamabad when the Trump administration wanted to repair bilateral diplomatic relations. In 2021, multiple Indian news sources, including India Today, Times of India, Hindustan Times, Swarajya, Deccan Herald, LiveMint, and NDTV reported that former Pakistani diplomat, Zafar Hilaly had allegedly admitting to 300 casualties following the air strike, based on a story shared by Asian News International (ANI) and Republic TV. Alt News, an independent fact-checker, reported that Republic TV had shared a doctored video altering Hilaly's original speech, in which he stated that the air strike was intended to cause casualties, but did not kill anyone. Following this, several of the sources, including News18, NDTV, and Times of India published a retraction of their reports.

 Aftermath 

The IAF put air defence systems on alert along the international border and Line of Control to respond to any possible retaliation by the Pakistan Air Force.Pakistan's foreign minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi summoned an emergency meeting in Islamabad, Pakistan to discuss the security situation and asserted that Pakistan reserved the right to retaliate. The prime minister of Pakistan, Imran Khan, convened an emergency meeting to review the situation. At the end of this meeting, the National Security Council (NSC) released a statement denying the Indian claims of the destruction of any terrorist camp and described the attack as "uncalled for" whilst adding that retaliation would be forthcoming after a joint parliamentary session. He also stated that Pakistan will take international media to the area of strikes but were delayed due to adverse weather conditions.ANI claimed to have released photos of the alleged JeM camp and weapons cache sourced from intelligence sources.

 Reactions 

 India 
Foreign diplomats from the United States, United Kingdom, Russia, Australia, Indonesia, Turkey, China, and six ASEAN nations were briefed by Indian foreign secretary Vijay Gokhale on the strike conducted. Arun Jaitley, the Indian cabinet minister of Finance stated two reasons, for Pakistan denying the effectiveness of the airstrike stating, "There are two plausible reasons. First, the Pakistan army had created a big aura about its prowess among Pakistanis, and it did not want its image dented." Jaitley noted that the second reason was more important, and stated "Had the Pakistan army admitted that our fighters bombed its buildings, the first question to be raised would have been: What was the extent of damage? Experts would have come for a survey of the buildings and asked about the people staying inside... then Pakistan would have had to reveal names of the Jaish fighters who died there."

 International 
 Australia noted its condemnation of Pulwama attack and asked Pakistan to crack down on terrorists operating from its soil. It also asked both India and Pakistan to restrain from actions that would jeopardize peace.
 China's foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang stated "We hope that both India and Pakistan can exercise restraint and adopt actions that will help stabilize the situation in the region and improve mutual relations".
 France asked both India and Pakistan to exercise restraint, saying that it supported Indian actions against terrorism and asked Pakistan to stop allowing its territory to be used by terrorists.
 United States' Mike Pompeo, State secretary termed the attack as a "counter-terrorism action" and reaffirmed US-India ties. He asked both sides to show restraint.
 The Organisation of Islamic Cooperation condemned the airstrike and called on both India and Pakistan to show restraint.

 See also 
2019 Pulwama attack
Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts
India–Pakistan relations
Media coverage of 2019 India–Pakistan standoff
Battle of Balakot

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
'India struck biggest training camp of JeM' – full statement from Foreign Secretary Vijay Gokhale, The Hindu, 26 February 2019.

H. Vasanthakumar
Harikrishnan Nadar Vasanthakumar (14 April 1950 – 28 August 2020) was an Indian businessman and politician from Tamil Nadu. He was the founder and chairman of Vasanth & Co, one of the largest retail home appliance chains in Tamil Nadu. He was also the founder and managing director of the Tamil satellite TV channel Vasanth TV. He was elected as the member of parliament to the 17th Lok Sabha from Kanyakumari constituency in the 2019 Indian general election. He was also elected as member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Nanguneri constituency in the 2006 and 2016 elections.

 Early life 
Vasanthakumar was born in Agastheeswaram in the Kanniyakumari district of Tamil Nadu to Harikrishnan Nadar and Thangammal on 14 April 1950. He completed his primary education from a Panchayat board school in Kanniyakumari, later obtaining his bachelor's degree in Tamil literature from the Madurai University, as well as a master's degree. His brother, Kumari Ananthan, was also a legislator from the Indian National Congress.

 Business career 
He started his career as a salesman in the early 1970s, including working with VGP. In 1978, he started his own home appliances sales showroom Vasanth & Co, with its first store in the T. Nagar neighborhood in Chennai. The company went on to become one of the leading retail chains with showrooms across Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Kerala, and Puducherry. Vasanthakumar and his company are credited with pioneering sales of consumer electronics goods on equated monthly installments in the Indian market, as well as centralized after-sales support.Vasanthakumar also found the Tamil satellite television network Vasanth TV in 2008.

 Political career 
Vasanthakumar started his political career as a worker with the Indian National Congress political party taking up multiple local organizational roles. His first electoral politics stint was in 2006, as the MLA of Tamil Nadu from the Nanguneri constituency in Tamil Nadu. He won the elections by defeating S.P. Sooryakumar of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam political party. This was a significant win for the party because it was after three decades that the party was able to win this electoral seat. One of his campaign promises included the establishment of a Special economic zone with a hi-tech park in Nanguneri. He contested the election from Kanyakumari Lok Sabha constituency in 2014 against Pon Radhakrishnan and lost the elections. In his second term as a member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly, he represented Nanguneri again in 2016. He served the constituency until 2019 when he went on to become the MP, as a member of the 17th Lok Sabha from the Kanyakumari Lok Sabha constituency. He won this election, against the incumbent Minister of State in the Ministry of Finance, and Minister of State in the Ministry of Shipping Pon Radhakrishnan, by winning with a margin of over 250,000 votes.He was the working President of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC) from 2019 through his death in August 2020. Earlier, he had served as the Vice-President of the TNCC, and also as the Chairman of the TNCC Traders wing.

 Writings 
Vasanthakumar wrote a three part autobiographical book series in Tamil, titled "Vetri Padikattu" – "வெற்றிப் படிக்கட்டு" – (transl. Ladder of Success), focusing on his entrepreneurial success and community building initiatives.

 Death 
Vasanthakumar died of complications from COVID-19 at the Apollo Hospitals in Chennai on 28 August 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in India. He was admitted to the hospital on 10 August 2020, and was on ECMO and ventilator life support, prior to his death.President Ram Nath Kovind, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi K. Palaniswami, Congress leader and Wayanad MP Rahul Gandhi, Governor of Tamil Nadu Banwarilal Purohit among others were amongst those who expressed their condolences.He is survived by his wife Tamil Selvi, two sons, and a daughter. His wife was also undergoing treatment for COVID-19 at the time of his death.

 References 

 External links 
Vasanth TV

History of Manhattan
The area of present-day Manhattan was originally part of Lenape territory. European settlement began with the establishment of a trading post founded by colonists from the Dutch Republic in 1624 on Lower Manhattan; the post was named New Amsterdam in 1626. The territory and its surroundings came under English control in 1664 and were renamed New York after King Charles II of England granted the lands to his brother, the Duke of York. New York, based in present-day Manhattan, served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790. The Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor greeted millions of immigrants as they came to America by ship in the late 19th century and is a world symbol of the United States and its ideals of liberty and peace. Manhattan became a borough during the consolidation of New York City in 1898.

 Etymology 
The name Manhattan originated from the Lenapes language, Munsee, manaháhtaan (where manah- means "gather", -aht- means "bow", and -aan is an abstract element used to form verb stems). The Lenape word has been translated as "the place where we get bows" or "place for gathering the (wood to make) bows".
According to a Munsee tradition recorded by Albert Seqaqkind Anthony in the 19th century, the island was named so for a grove of hickory trees at its southern end that was considered ideal for the making of bows. It was first recorded in writing as Manna-hata, in the 1609 logbook of Robert Juet, an officer on Henry Hudson's yacht Halve Maen (Half Moon).A 1610 map depicts the name Manna-hata twice, on both the east and west sides of the Mauritius River, later named the North River and ultimately the Hudson River. Alternative etymologies in folklore include "island of many hills", "the island where we all became intoxicated" and simply "island", as well as a phrase descriptive of the whirlpool at Hell Gate. It is thought that the term Manhattoe may originally have referred only to a location at the southern tip of the island before eventually signifying the entire island to the Dutch through pars pro toto.

 Lenape settlement 
Manhattan was historically part of the Lenapehoking territory inhabited by the Munsee Lenape and Wappinger tribes. There were several Lenape settlements in the area of Manhattan including Sapohanikan, Nechtanc, and Konaande Kongh that were interconnected by a series of trails. The primary trail on the island ran from what is now Inwood in the north to Battery Park in the south. There were various sites for fishing and planting established by the Lenape throughout Manhattan. The 48-acre (19 ha) Collect Pond, which fed the fresh water streams and marshes around it, was also an important meeting and trading location for the people in the area.

 Colonial era 

In 1524, Florentine explorer Giovanni da Verrazzano, sailing in service of King Francis I of France, became the first documented European to visit the area that would become New York City. Verrazzano entered the tidal strait now known as The Narrows and named the land around Upper New York Harbor New Angoulême, in reference to the family name of King Francis I that was derived from Angoulême in France; he sailed far enough into the harbor to sight the Hudson River, which he referred to in his report to the French king as a "very big river"; and he named the Bay of Santa Margarita – what is now Upper New York Bay – after Marguerite de Navarre, the elder sister of the king.Manhattan was first mapped during a 1609 voyage of Henry Hudson, an Englishman who worked for the Dutch East India Company. Hudson came across Manhattan Island and the native people living there, and continued up the river that would later bear his name, the Hudson River, until he arrived at the site of present-day Albany.A permanent European presence in New Netherland began in 1624, with the founding of a Dutch fur trading settlement on Governors Island. In 1625, construction was started on the citadel of Fort Amsterdam on Manhattan Island, later called New Amsterdam (Nieuw Amsterdam), in what is now Lower Manhattan. The 1625 establishment of Fort Amsterdam at the southern tip of Manhattan Island is recognized as the birth of New York City.According to a letter by Pieter Janszoon Schagen, Peter Minuit and Walloon colonists of the West India Company acquired the island of Manhattan on May 24, 1626, from unnamed native people, who are believed to have been Canarsee Indians of the Manhattoe, in exchange for traded goods worth 60 guilders, often said to be worth US$24. In actuality, 60 guilders in that time was worth 2,400 English pennies. According to the writer Nathaniel Benchley, Minuit conducted the transaction with Seyseys, chief of the Canarsee, who were willing to accept valuable merchandise in exchange for the island that was mostly controlled by the Weckquaesgeeks, a band of the Wappinger.In 1647, Peter Stuyvesant was appointed as the last Dutch Director-General of the colony. New Amsterdam was formally incorporated as a city on February 2, 1653. In 1674, the English bought New Netherland, after Holland lost rentable sugar business in Brazil, and renamed it "New York" after the English Duke of York and Albany, the future King James II. The Dutch, under Director General Stuyvesant, successfully negotiated with the English to produce 24 articles of provisional transfer, which sought to retain for the extant citizens of New Netherland their previously attained liberties (including freedom of religion) under their new English rulers.The Dutch Republic re-captured the city in August 1673, renaming it "New Orange". New Netherland was ultimately ceded to the English in November 1674 through the Treaty of Westminster.

 American Revolution and the early United States 

Manhattan was at the heart of the New York Campaign, a series of major battles in the early stages of the American Revolutionary War. The Continental Army was forced to abandon Manhattan after the Battle of Fort Washington on November 16, 1776. The city, greatly damaged by the Great Fire of New York during the campaign, became the British military and political center of operations in North America for the remainder of the war. The military center for the colonists was established in neighboring New Jersey. British occupation lasted until November 25, 1783, when George Washington returned to Manhattan, as the last British forces left the city.From January 11, 1785, to the fall of 1788, New York City was the fifth of five capitals of the United States under the Articles of Confederation, with the Continental Congress meeting at New York City Hall (then at Fraunces Tavern). New York was the first capital under the newly enacted Constitution of the United States, from March 4, 1789, to August 12, 1790, at Federal Hall. Federal Hall was also the site where the United States Supreme Court met for the first time, the United States Bill of Rights were drafted and ratified, and where the Northwest Ordinance was adopted, establishing measures for adding new states to the Union.

 19th century 
New York grew as an economic center, first as a result of Alexander Hamilton's policies and practices as the first Secretary of the Treasury and, later, with the opening of the Erie Canal in 1825, which connected the Atlantic port to the vast agricultural markets of the Midwestern United States and Canada. By 1810, New York City, then confined to Manhattan, had surpassed Philadelphia as the largest city in the United States. The Commissioners' Plan of 1811 laid out the island of Manhattan in its familiar grid plan.
Tammany Hall, a Democratic Party political machine, began to grow in influence with the support of many of the immigrant Irish, culminating in the election of the first Tammany mayor, Fernando Wood, in 1854. Tammany Hall dominated local politics for decades. Central Park, which opened to the public in 1858, became the first landscaped public park in an American city.New York City played a complex role in the American Civil War. The city's strong commercial ties to the southern United States existed for many reasons, including the industrial power of the Hudson River, which allowed trade with stops such as the West Point Foundry, one of the great manufacturing operations in the early United States; and the city's Atlantic Ocean ports, rendering New York City the American powerhouse in terms of industrial trade between the northern and southern United States. Anger arose about conscription, with resentment at those who could afford to pay $300 to avoid service leading to resentment against Lincoln's war policies and fomenting paranoia about free Blacks taking the poor immigrants' jobs, culminating in the three-day-long New York Draft Riots of July 1863. This was among the worst incidents of civil disorder in American history, with over 100 people killed by the rioters or by the military units that stopped the riot..The rate of immigration from Europe grew steeply after the Civil War, and Manhattan became the first stop for millions seeking a new life in the United States, a role acknowledged by the dedication of the Statue of Liberty on October 28, 1886, a gift from the people of France. New York's growing immigrant population, which had earlier consisted mainly of German and Irish immigrants, began in the late 1800s to include waves of impoverished Italians and Central and Eastern European Jews flowing in en masse. This new European immigration brought further social upheaval. In a city of tenements packed with poorly paid laborers from dozens of nations, the city became a hotbed of revolution (including anarchists and communists among others), syndicalism, racketeering, and unionization.
In 1883, the opening of the Brooklyn Bridge established a road connection to Brooklyn, across the East River. In 1874, the western portion of the present Bronx County was transferred to New York County from Westchester County, and in 1895 the remainder of the present Bronx County was annexed. In 1898, when New York City consolidated with three neighboring counties to form "the City of Greater New York", Manhattan and the Bronx, though still one county, were established as two separate boroughs. On January 1, 1914, the New York State Legislature created Bronx County and New York County was reduced to its present boundaries.

 20th century 

The construction of the New York City Subway, which opened in 1904, helped bind the new city together, as did additional bridges to Brooklyn. In the 1920s Manhattan experienced large arrivals of African-Americans as part of the Great Migration from the southern United States, and the Harlem Renaissance, part of a larger boom time in the Prohibition era that included new skyscrapers competing for the skyline. New York City became the most populous city in the world in 1925, overtaking London, which had reigned for a century. Manhattan's majority white ethnic group declined from 98.7% in 1900 to 58.3% by 1990.On March 25, 1911, the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in Greenwich Village killed 146 garment workers. The disaster eventually led to overhauls of the city's fire department, building codes, and workplace regulations.
The period between the World War I and World War II saw the election of reformist mayor Fiorello La Guardia and the fall of Tammany Hall after 80 years of political dominance. As the city's demographics stabilized, labor unionization brought new protections and affluence to the working class, the city's government and infrastructure underwent a dramatic overhaul under La Guardia. 

Despite the Great Depression, some of the world's tallest skyscrapers were completed in Manhattan during the 1930s, including numerous Art Deco masterpieces that are still part of the city's skyline, most notably the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, and the 30 Rockefeller Plaza.Returning World War II veterans created a postwar economic boom, which led to the development of huge housing developments targeted at returning veterans, the largest being Peter Cooper Village-Stuyvesant Town, which opened in 1947. In 1951–1952, the United Nations relocated to a new headquarters the East Side of Manhattan.The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous, violent protests by members of the gay community against a police raid that took place in the early morning hours of June 28, 1969, at the Stonewall Inn in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan. They are widely considered to constitute the single most important event leading to the gay liberation movement and the modern fight for LGBT rights.In the 1970s, job losses due to industrial restructuring caused New York City, including Manhattan, to suffer from economic problems and rising crime rates. While a resurgence in the financial industry greatly improved the city's economic health in the 1980s, New York's crime rate continued to increase through the decade and into the beginning of the 1990s.The 1980s saw a rebirth of Wall Street, and Manhattan reclaimed its role at the center of the worldwide financial industry. The 1980s also saw Manhattan at the heart of the AIDS crisis, with Greenwich Village at its epicenter. The organizations Gay Men's Health Crisis (GMHC) and AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power (ACT UP) were founded to advocate on behalf of those stricken with the disease.
By the 1990s, crime rates started to drop dramatically due to revised police strategies, improving economic opportunities, gentrification, and new residents, both American transplants and new immigrants from Asia and Latin America. Murder rates that had reached 2,245 in 1990 plummeted to 537 by 2008, and the crack epidemic and its associated drug-related violence came under greater control. The outflow of population turned around, as the city once again became the destination of immigrants from around the world, joining with low interest rates and Wall Street bonuses to fuel the growth of the real estate market. Important new sectors, such as Silicon Alley, emerged in Manhattan's economy.

 21st century 

On September 11, 2001, two of four hijacked planes were flown into the Twin Towers of the original World Trade Center, and the towers subsequently collapsed in the September 11 attacks launched by al-Qaeda terrorists. 7 World Trade Center collapsed due to fires and structural damage caused by heavy debris falling from the collapse of the Twin Towers. The other buildings within the World Trade Center complex were damaged beyond repair and soon after demolished. The collapse of the Twin Towers caused extensive damage to other surrounding buildings and skyscrapers in Lower Manhattan, and resulted in the deaths of 2,606 people, in addition to those on the planes. Many rescue workers and residents of the area developed several life-threatening illnesses that have led to some of their subsequent deaths.Since 2001, most of Lower Manhattan has been restored, although there has been controversy surrounding the rebuilding. A memorial at the site was opened to the public on September 11, 2011, and the museum opened in 2014. In 2014, the new One World Trade Center, at 1,776 feet (541 m) and formerly known as the Freedom Tower, became the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere, while other skyscrapers were under construction at the site.
The Occupy Wall Street protests in Zuccotti Park in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan began on September 17, 2011, receiving global attention and spawning the Occupy movement against social and economic inequality worldwide.On October 29 and 30, 2012, Hurricane Sandy caused extensive destruction in the borough, ravaging portions of Lower Manhattan with record-high storm surge from New York Harbor, severe flooding, and high winds, causing power outages for hundreds of thousands of city residents and leading to gasoline shortages and disruption of mass transit systems. The storm and its profound impacts have prompted the discussion of constructing seawalls and other coastal barriers around the shorelines of the borough and the metropolitan area to minimize the risk of destructive consequences from another such event in the future. Around 15 percent of the borough is considered to be in flood-risk zones.On October 31, 2017, a terrorist took a rental pickup truck and deliberately drove down a bike path alongside the West Side Highway in Lower Manhattan, killing eight people and injuring a dozen others before crashing into a school bus.

 See also 
History of education in New York City
History of New York City
Timeline of Brooklyn
Timeline of the Bronx
Timeline of Queens
Timeline of Staten Island

 References 

 Further reading 
Burrows, Edwin G. and Wallace, Mike (1999). Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-195-11634-8., The standard scholarly history, 1390pp  onlibe review; Pulitzer Prize; excerpt
Wallace, Mike. Greater Gotham: A History of New York City from 1898 to 1919 (2017) excerpt
Burns, Ric, and James Sanders. New York: An Illustrated History (2003), book version of 17-hour Burns PBS documentary, "NEW YORK: A Documentary Film"
Jackson, Kenneth T., ed. (1995). The Encyclopedia of New York City. New Haven: Yale University Press. ISBN 0300055366.; second edition 2010
Jackson, Kenneth T. and Roberts, Sam (eds.) The Almanac of New York City (2008)
Jaffe, Steven H. New York at War: Four Centuries of Combat, Fear, and Intrigue in Gotham  (2012) Excerpt and text search
Lankevich, George J. New York City: A Short History (2002)
Lockwood, Charles. Manhattan moves uptown: an illustrated history (Courier, 2014).
Munn, Nancy D. "The “becoming-past” of places: Spacetime and memory in nineteenth-century, pre-Civil War New York: The Edward Westermarck Lecture, 2003." HAU: Journal of Ethnographic Theory 3.2 (2013): 359-380. online
Roman, James. Chronicles of Old New York: Exploring Manhattan's Landmark Neighborhoods (Museyon, 2010).
Rosner, David. A once charitable enterprise: Hospitals and health care in Brooklyn and New York 1885-1915 (Cambridge University Press, 2004).
Scherzer, Kenneth A. The unbounded community: neighborhood life and social structure in New York City, 1830–1875 (Duke University Press, 1992).
Taylor, Dorceta E. "Central Park as a model for social control: Urban parks, social class and leisure behavior in nineteenth-century America." Journal of leisure research 31.4 (1999): 420-477. online

2024 Adelaide International – Women's singles
Jeļena Ostapenko defeated Daria Kasatkina in the final, 6–3, 6–2 to win the women's singles tennis title at the 2024 Adelaide International. With her run, Ostapenko returned to the top ten of the WTA rankings for the first time since September 2018.
Aryna Sabalenka and Belinda Bencic were the reigning champions from the first and second editions of the 2023 tournament, respectively, but neither returned to participate this year.

 Seeds 
The top two seeds received a bye into the second round. 

 Draw 

 Key 

 Finals 

 Top half 

 Bottom half 

 Qualifying 

 Seeds 

 Qualifiers 

 Lucky losers 

 Qualifying draw 

 First qualifier 

 Second qualifier 

 Third qualifier 

 Fourth qualifier 

 Fifth qualifier 

 Sixth qualifier 

 References 

 External links 
Main draw
Qualifying draw

Taronga Zoo
Taronga Zoo is a government-run public zoo located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, in the suburb of Mosman, on the shores of Sydney Harbour. The opening hours are between 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Taronga is an Aboriginal word meaning "beautiful view".It was officially opened on 7 October 1916. Taronga Zoo Sydney is managed by the Zoological Parks Board of New South Wales, under the trading name Taronga Conservation Society, along with its sister zoo, the Taronga Western Plains Zoo in Dubbo.
Divided into various zoogeographic regions, the 28-hectare (69-acre) Taronga Zoo Sydney is home to more than 2,600 animals of approximately 150 different species. It has a zoo shop, a cafe, and an information centre.

 History 
The Royal Zoological Society of New South Wales opened the first public zoo in New South Wales in 1884 at Billy Goat Swamp in Moore Park, on a site now occupied by Sydney Boys High School and Sydney Girls High School. Inspired by a 1908 visit to the Hamburg Zoo, the secretary of the zoo, Albert Sherbourne Le Souef, envisioned a new zoo based on the bar-less concept. After realising that the Moore Park site was too small, the NSW Government granted 43 acres (17 ha) of land north of Sydney Harbour. A further 9 acres (3.6 ha) were later granted in 1916, and the zoo at its current site opened to the public on the 7th October 1916.

 Rustic Bridge 
The "Rustic Bridge" was opened in 1915 and was one of Taronga Zoo's earliest landscape features. It was the main way in which visitors could cross the natural gully that it spans. Early photographs show it as a romantic pathway secluded by plantings. The rustic effect was created by embedding stones in the wall and like the aquarium, its design was reminiscent of Italian grottoes.

 Late 20th century 
A critical review in 1967 led to a new emphasis on scientific conservation, education and preservation. New exhibits were built starting with the Platypus and Nocturnal houses, waterfowl ponds and walkthrough Rainforest Aviary. A Veterinary Quarantine Centre was built as was an Education Centre (funded by the Department of Education). Previous attractions such as elephant rides, miniature trains, monkey circus and merry-go-round gave way to educational facilities such as Friendship Farm and Seal Theatre (these latter two exhibits completed in the late 1970s).
A gondola lift was installed in 1987 and updated in 2000, running from the bottom of the park close to the ferry wharf, and transported passengers to the top end of the zoo. The gondola closed on 31 January 2023 and, if approved, will re-open in 2025.

 2000 master plan 
In 2000, TCSA commenced a 12-year $250 million master plan, the majority of which is being spent at Taronga Zoo. The first major master plan item was the Backyard to Bush precinct which opened in April 2003. Under the plan, the zoo received five Asian elephants from the Thailand Zoological Park Organisation for breeding purposes, education, long-term research and involvement of conservation programs. The plan has met opposition from environmental activists in Thailand, who blockaded the trucks hauling the elephants to Bangkok International Airport for their flight on 5 June 2006. The elephants along with other Asian rain forest specimens are housed in the Wild Asia precinct which opened in July 2005 (the elephants arriving from quarantine in November 2006) and aims to immerse visitors in an Asian rain forest environment (though later renamed Rainforest Trail as included species from tropical Africa).
A marine section, Great Southern Oceans, opened in April 2008. Recently, the redevelopment and restoration of the historic entrance opened, further adding to the masterplan. The chimpanzee exhibit also underwent expansion work and re-opened as Chimpanzee Sanctuary allowing its residents more space and also to assist making it easier for the introduction of new individuals by splitting the areas of the exhibit when necessary.The Tiger Trek precinct opened in August 2017 allowing for multiple exhibits of critically endangered Sumatran tigers.
The zoo's African Savannah precinct, which opened in June 2020, was constructed as a major renovation and spatial expansion of the zoos' previous giraffe and zebra yards.

 Zoo Friends 
Zoo Friends offers support in form of volunteers and fund raising for both Taronga and Western Plains Zoo. Members are offered behind-the-scenes experiences at the zoo and unlimited zoo entry. Members are also eligible to volunteer to help at the zoo.

 Notable events 

 Platypus birth 
In February 2003, it became the second zoo in Australia to breed the platypus.

 Australia's first elephant births 
At 3.04 am on 4 July 2009, Thong Dee, an Asian elephant, gave birth to a male calf named Luk Chai. He is the first calf born in Australia. Thong Dee, and his father Gung, were two of the eight elephants imported into Australia to participate in the Australasian Conservation Breeding Program.
The baby elephant was a major tourist attraction, with thousands of visitors attending the zoo just to see him.A second baby Asian elephant was thought to have died during labour on 8 March 2010. The calf's 18-year-old mother Porntip was in and out of labour over the week beforehand, after a pregnancy lasting almost two years.

Zoo keepers and veterinarians were concerned about the progress of the labour, with Porntip showing unusual movements and behaviour. An ultrasound revealed that the calf was unconscious in the birth canal, and the zoo announced on 8 March 2010 that the calf was believed to be dead. On 10 March 2010 at 3:27 am, the live male calf was born. He was subsequently named Pathi Harn, a Thai expression meaning "miracle". Pathi Harn's father is Bong Su, of the Melbourne Zoo, and was artificially conceived.
In October 2012, Pathi Harn critically injured his keeper by crushing her against a pole; the keeper survived.

 Royal tour 
On 20 April 2014, Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge (as they were), along with their 8-month-old son, Prince George, visited Taronga Zoo Sydney to participate in an unveiling ceremony at the bilby exhibit. The bilby was eventually renamed "Bilby George" in honour of the little prince who performed his first official duty. Later, William and Kate visited the zoo again without George meeting the other animals for Easter.

 Birth of Sumatran tiger cubs 
On 17 January 2019, Kartika, one of the zoo's four Sumatran tigers, gave birth to three cubs. Sumatran tigers are critically endangered, with fewer than 350 individuals alive in the wild. In total, 21 tiger cubs have been born at Taronga since 1980.

 Ongoing conservation work news 
Taronga has been involved in numerous conservation captive breeding programs for endangered and vulnerable species for more than fifty years when the zoos management changed Taronga's trajectory away from general visitor entertainment to focus on assisting species that are threatened in their wild habitats.
For example, in November 2021 Taronga released 58 captive bred critically endangered regent honeyeaters into the wild.
The zoo's female pygmy hippopotamus Kambiri gave birth to a female calf named Amara on 22 November 2021, who died suddenly on 24 December.

 World's only leopard seals in a zoo 
Taronga Zoo was once home to the world's only leopard seals living in a zoo. Leopard seals are native to Antarctica but on rare occasions, will come up to Australia's coastlines during the late winter months. From 1999 - 2014 Taronga housed three different leopard seals, Brooke, Sabine (females) and Casey (male). All three were found separately washed up on beaches sick, malnourished or injured. As leopard seals are from the Antarctic, it was recommended that these seals not be returned to the wild once rehabilitated as they could potentially transfer unknown diseases to the fragile wild population and cause damage to the Antarctic ecosystem.
These three contributed to important research conducted by the Australian Marine Mammal Research Centre (AMMRC), bettering the understanding of this typically remote and lesser understood species. AMMRC conducted important scientific studies using these three as subjects, including leopard seal whisker growth rate, echolocation inaudible to the human ear and the suction and filter feeding that leopard seals use to hunt krill in the Antarctic.
An entire new enclosure was built to house the leopard seals, located in the new Great Southern Ocean Exhibit which opened to the public in 2008. This exhibit now houses Australian sea lions, Californian sea lions and New Zealand fur seals.
Brooke was the first to be rescued. In 1999 Brooke was found on Garie Beach in the Royal National Park. She was underweight, dehydrated and suffering from shark attack injuries. She was taken to Taronga Zoo for rehabilitation, keepers and veterinarians at Taronga were able to nurse Brooke back to health. She was unable to be released after this due to concerns that she harboured unknown diseases. Brooke was very popular with staff and visitors, being the first of her kind on display in the world. In 2008 Brooke suddenly became less active and started refusing food and it was believed that she was succumbing to an unknown infection; on 23 May 2008 she succumbed to her illness and died. It is not known exactly how old Brooke was as she was not born at the zoo, but she was believed to be around 10 years old at her death.Sabine was the second leopard seal to come into Taronga's care, being found on Clontarf Beach in 2007, malnourished and on the brink of death with cookiecutter shark injuries. Sabine was nursed back to health by Taronga's keepers. The exact date of Sabine's death is unknown.Taronga's final leopard seal Casey was found in 2007 a week after Sabine was found. Casey was found washed ashore at Wattamolla, south of Sydney in poor health with a recent cookiecutter shark wound on his abdomen. Like the other two leopard seals, Casey was also unable to be released back to the Antarctic and was kept at Taronga as a permanent resident. Casey was nursed back to health; once the Great Southern Ocean exhibit opened in 2008 he and Sabine were moved there together, with Brooke dying months before it opened. Taronga Zoo hoped to encourage Casey and Sabine to mate, having the first leopard seal pup born in a zoo, but Casey was so young when he was found stranded that he never learnt his mating call. Taronga played the mating calls of mature male leopard seals for Casey in hopes that he would learn them, but Sabine died before he could learn them. In 2014 Casey's health and condition began to decline. Despite Taronga marine mammal and veterinary teams' efforts to help him Casey showed no signs of recovery. On 20 February 2014 the decision was made to euthanize him.

 Exhibits and wildlife collection 
Taronga Zoo Sydney cares for approximately 2,000 animals from over 150 different species, many of which are threatened. They are housed in a large variety of exhibits, including:

 Wild Australia 
Nura Diya AustraliaBuru Nura (Kangaroo Country)

Emu
Kangaroo Island kangaroo
Red kangaroo
Red-necked pademelon
Red-necked wallaby
Swamp wallaby
Tammar wallabyGulamanu Nura (Koala Country)

KoalaWuragal Nura (Dingo Country)

DingoPlatypus PoolPlatypus
Short-necked turtleKoala WalkaboutKoalaTasmanian Devil Conservation CentreTasmanian devilNguwing Nura (Nocturnal Country)
FrogsNorthern corroboree frog
Southern corroboree frogBackyard to Bush
Blue Mountains Bushwalk
Australian Rainforest Aviary
Semi-Arid Aviary
Other Australian BirdsAustralian reed-warbler
Barking owl ('Free Flight' bird show)
Black-breasted buzzard ('Free Flight' bird show)
Crimson finch
Double-barred finch
Gouldian finch
Green pygmy-goose
Lesser sooty owl ('Aussie Animals Alive' show)
Masked finch
Red-tailed black cockatoo ('Free Flight' bird show)
Rufous whistler
Southern cassowary
Spinifex pigeon
Star finch
Sulphur-crested cockatoo ('Free Flight' bird show)

 Great Southern Oceans 
Australian pelican
Australian sea lion
Fiordland penguin
Little penguin
Long-nosed fur seal

 Moore Park Aviary 
Red panda

 Reptile World 

 African Savannah 
African lion
Fennec fox
Giraffe
Helmeted guineafowl (free roaming)
Meerkat
Ostrich
Plains zebra

 Chimpanzee Sanctuary 
Chimpanzee

 Rainforest Trail 

 Sun Bear Canyon 
Sun bear

 Tiger Trek 
Red junglefowl (free roaming)
Sumatran tiger

 Gorilla Forest 
Western lowland gorilla

 Primate Islands 
Bolivian squirrel monkey
Cotton-top tamarin

 Other species 
Aldabra giant tortoise
Andean condor
Arabian camel
Blue peafowl (free roaming)
California sea lion ('Seals For The Wild' show)
Capybara
Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo
Red panda
Ring-tailed lemur

 UpcomingNew reptile and amphibian building 
New wildlife hospital
Congo rainforest precinct

 Chimpanzee community 
Taronga Zoo is currently home to a multi-male, multi-female troop of 21 chimpanzees of various ages.

 Males 
Samaki was born in November 2001 to Shiba. Samaki and his brother Shabani were known for years by keepers as the "S boys" when Samaki acted as a supporter for older brother Shabani during various alpha challenges against previous alpha Lubutu. Samaki has now successfully taken the alpha role for himself with support in particular from Sule. Samaki is the father of Cebele.
Shabani was born in September 1994 to Shiba. Shabani is not very tolerant of the infants in the group and will occasionally redirect aggression towards the females of the group.  Shabani had attempted many times to oust previous alpha male Lubutu from his position, but his lack of popularity meant the females supported Lubutu during any conflicts, now his younger brother Samaki has taken the alpha male role.
Furahi was born in February 2003 to Kuma.  He is one of two adolescent males in the troop and has a close relationship with his mother, Kuma.  Furahi had offered support to his mother, particularly when his baby brother Fumo was born in 2013. Furahi enjoys displaying, like the adult males in the troop and will occasionally harass the females.
Shikamoo was born in July 2003 to Sasha.  Shikamoo has a close friendship with Furahi and is often seen bonding with him.  Shikamoo is protective of his brother, Sule, and is popular amongst the females of the troop, particularly Kuma and Kamili.  Shikamoo is the father of Fumo.
Sule was born in April 2008 to Sasha.  Sule was the youngest member of the troop for five years until the birth of Fumo. Sule had often babysitting Fumo when he was smaller. He has likely learnt this behaviour from his elder brother, Shikamoo, who used to interact with Sule in a similar way. Sule has shown advanced social skills from a young age and often acts as a peacemaker during altercations.  He is popular amongst the troop and enjoys showing off to the visitors. He occasionally has tantrums and flicks his hands in the air. Sule is currently the alpha male of the troop.
Fumo was born in October 2013 to Kuma. He is the oldest of the four infants in the community.  Kuma has encouraged Fumo's development from an early age and he is advanced in his climbing skills. Fumo had recently begun using the artificial termite mound at a very early age. Fumo has created a good relationship with the youngest infant, Cebele.
Sudi was born in August 2014 to Shiba. Sudi has been kept under close protection from his mother, and has not been allowed the freedom to explore, Kuma has allowed Fumo.
Liwali was born in September 2014 to Lisa.  Liwali was the youngest chimpanzee in the group for three years until Cebele was born in 2017. Liwali has developed a close bond with the other two infants, Fumo and Sudi, as they have grown up together.
Niambi was born in October 2020 to Naomi.

 Females 
Lisa was born at Taronga Zoo in August 1979 to Lulu and is the highest ranking female, and the most senior Chimpanzee in the community. Lisa has had five offspring including a son Lobo who was born in June 1989 and died in November 1996, a son Lubutu who was born in June 1993, a daughter Lani who was born in May 2002 and a son Liwali who was born in September 2014. Lani has since moved zoos.
Sasha was born at Taronga Zoo in June 1980 to Spitter. Sacha has had six offspring including a son Sokwe who was born in August 1989 and died in October 1989, a daughter Kike who was born in April 1991, a son Sandali who was born in February 1996, an unnamed daughter who was born and died in September 2002, a son Shikamoo was born in July 2003 and a son Sule who was born in April 2008.  Kike was exported to Perth Zoo in June 1998 and Sandali was exported to Adelaide Zoo in December 2008.
Shiba was born in May 1981 to Susie and has produced five offspring.  A son, Shabani in 1994, an unnamed male who died at birth in 1999, a son, Samaki in 2001, a daughter Sembe, in 2008 and a son, Sudi in 2014.  Shiba is a high ranking female in the troop and is independent and tough.  Her mother, Susie, died in 1995, leaving Shiba without the maternal support Lisa and Sasha had from their mothers.  Today, Shiba has support in conflicts from her two adult sons, Shabani and Samaki.  She did not initially accept Lubutu's take over as alpha male in 2001 as he was only eight years old, and she likely realised his threat to her son Shabani's chances of becoming the alpha male.  Shiba is fiercely protective of her offspring and access to her newborn son, Sudi, by the troop was very restricted while he was small.
Shona was born in October 1987 and is the lowest ranking adult. Shona was sterilised during the 1990s and has never produced any offspring.  Shona has a good relationship with the alpha male, Lubutu, but receive little support from the other chimpanzee, including her aunt, Shiba.  Shona is a small chimpanzee and is often harassed by the males. Shona has a good relationship with Kamili.
Kuma was born in December 1991 to Ficha and has given birth to three offspring, a son Furahi who was born in February 2003, an unnamed daughter who was born and died in October 2012 and a son Fumo who was born in October 2013.  Kuma, then an adolescent, had a difficult time raising her first son, Furahi, due to a lack of family support.  Furahi, now fully grown, and supported Kuma in raising her second son, Fumo.  Kuma has made significant advances in the hierarchy. This success is due to her large size, the support of an adult son, and her ferocity.  It is not uncommon to see Kuma take on the alpha or beta male and win, especially if she is defending Furahi in conflicts.
Kamili was born in September 1995 to Koko, and has had three offspring.  Her first offspring, was an unnamed daughter, born in 2005, who died in 2005. Kamili gave birth again in 2013, to an unnamed son, which died after birth. Kamili gave birth to her third offspring in 2014, which died shortly after birth due to mismothering. Kamili had been separated, along with her pregnant mother, Koko, to allow the two low ranked females to raise their young in safety during the critical first weeks, but this was unsuccessful.  Koko, and Kamili are often involved with conflicts within the group and receive little support from the others. In 2004, Koko and Kamili attacked Shiba's juvenile son, Samaki, who probably would have been killed, had Shiba not intervened. Kamili is close to Shona and the pair often spend time grooming each other.
Sembe was born in February 2008 to Shiba.  Sembe has always been very close to her mother, Shiba, and had struggled to adjust to the birth of her new sibling, Sudi.  Sembe was still riding on her mother's back at the age of six but as Shiba's pregnancy advanced, she grew less tolerant of this.  Sembe often walked, one arm draped over her mother.  Sembe is a feisty young female who had struggled to adjust to life within the community when her mother was fully absorbed with Sudi.  Sembe lacks the social skills displayed by Sule and will have to work hard if she is to make any connections outside of her family.  She remains close to her adult brothers, Shabani and Samaki and often interacts with Sule, who is two months younger.  For many years, Sembe was dominant to Sule, but as they entered adolescence, the roles quickly began to reverse.
Naomi was born at Givskud zoo in Denmark. She adjusted well to her move, however is often involved in fights with members within her group.
Ceres was born at Givskud zoo in Denmark. She has had two offspring, including a daughter on 14 November 2017 named Cebele. During the time of birth, Ceres was very protective of Cebele and always made sure that she knew of her whereabouts. Cebele couldn't get very far from her mother, who was very selective about who she played with. Cebele was often seen clinging to her mother's stomach and cuddling with her mother and Fumo. Sadly Cebele died in July 2023 from an illness just a few weeks before Ceres would give birth again.
Safiri was born in May 2019 to Shiba.
Lemba was born to Lisa in May 2023.
Cekiri was born to Ceres in July 2023. She is currently the youngest Chimpanzee in the community.

 Notable Past Chimpanzees In The Community 
Lubutu was born in June 1993 to Lisa and was the long term alpha male of the chimpanzee troop at Taronga Zoo up until his sudden death from lung failure. Lubutu took on the role of alpha male at the age of nine years after the previous alpha male, Snowy (his father) died suddenly. Lubutu was tolerant of the infants in the group and was often seen playing with them. Through his fair leadership and support from the females in the troop, Lubutu attributed to his success and lengthy tenure as a leader. At one point during Lubutu's leadership, Samaki and Shabani stood an excellent chance of taking over the alpha role. Lubutu was the father of Samaki, Furahi, Shikamoo, Sembe and Sule. He was vasectomised in 2009, as his genetics were well represented in the region. Lubutu died in December 2019. 
Spitter was born at Taronga Zoo Sydney in June 1960 to Biddy.  Spitter had seven offspring including an unnamed son who was born and died in January 1972, an unnamed son who was born and died in July 1973, a daughter Speedy who was born in May 1975 and died in July 1975, a daughter Sheba who was born in June 1978 and died in September 1978, a daughter Sacha who was born in June 1980, a daughter Sally who was born in January 1985 and a son Gombe who was born in December 1988 and died in May 2001. Sally was transferred to Wellington Zoo in April 1992. Spitter died in March 2022.
Koko was born in January 1972 in the wild, and came to Taronga Zoo Sydney in February 1993.  She had five offspring including an unnamed daughter who was born and died in August 1994, a daughter Kamili who was born in September 1995, an unnamed daughter who was born and died in June 1999, an unnamed daughter who was born and died in February 2003 and an unnamed son who was born and died in September 2014. Koko died in May 2019.

 Transport 
The Taronga Zoo ferry services are, for many tourists, the preferred mode of travel to the zoo, providing a 12-minute ride from the city to the zoo. Passengers disembarking at Taronga Zoo ferry wharf, located on Bradleys Head Road, can enter the zoo via its lower entrance or connect with local Keolis Downer Northern Beaches bus services to the top entrance.
Taronga Zoo Sydney also works with various other Sydney Harbour transport operators, such as Captain Cook Cruises and Yellow Water Taxis. Both of these operators offer combined tickets/packages which include tickets covering transport fares, zoo entry, and gondola ride.

 Conservation 
Taronga Zoo engages in a number of conservation efforts aimed at minimising human impact and ensuring ecological sustainability, working both in Australia and internationally. In 2016, the legacy commitment was launched, focused on the conservation of ten critical species. These species included five native to Australia, namely the regent honeyeater, southern corroboree frog, sea turtles, platypus, and greater bilby, as well as five from Sumatra; the Sumatran rhinoceros, Sumatran tiger, Asian elephant, sun bear, and Sunda pangolin.
The zoo also focuses on minimising waste, diverting 84% of waste away from landfill and towards 20 different recycling streams. One main focus is on single use plastics, encouraging reusable bags, water bottles, and coffee cups on site, and distributing biodegradable bags and food packaging. As part of the Seal talk and demonstration, the zoo encourages sustainable seafood choice through the MSC label.

 Incidents 

 2022 lion escape 
On the morning of 2 November 2022 at 6.40am, five African lions escaped their enclosure. Police officers were called to the zoo at around 7.00am, and no injuries were reported. The lions were returned to their enclosure with one cub tranquilized. On 1 December 2022, the ABC published CCTV footage, obtained in a Government Information Public Access request, that shows the lions escaping through a hole in a fence.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 

Taronga Conservation Society
Taronga Western Plains Zoo
Taronga by Victor Kelleher, a work of fiction using Taronga Zoo as its setting

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Action of May 1612
The Action of May 1612 was a raid which took place on the night of 23 or 25 May 1612 when a force of Sicilian and Neapolitan galleys attacked some Tunisian vessels at La Goulette, northern Tunisia. 7, or perhaps 9 or 10, Tunisian sailing ships were destroyed, while several smaller vessels were captured.

 Ships involved 

 Allies 
Sicily (Ottavio d'Aragona Tagliavia)
6 galleys
Naples (Álvaro de Bazán, 2nd Marquess of Santa Cruz)
7 galleys

 Tunisia 
7 or more sailing ships destroyed, several smaller captured.

 References 
Anderson, R. C. (1952). Naval Wars in the Levant 1559–1853. Princeton: Princeton University Press. OCLC 1015099422.

Catscratch
Catscratch is an American animated television series created by Doug TenNapel (also known for creating the Earthworm Jim series). It aired on Nickelodeon from July 9, 2005, to February 10, 2007. It is a loose adaptation of TenNapel's comic book series, Gear, which in the series is also the name of the cats' monster truck. The series features music composed by longtime TenNapel collaborator, Terry Scott Taylor.

 Synopsis 
The series revolves around a trio of anthropomorphic feline brothers. After their wealthy owner Edna Cramdilly died, she left her riches to them, along with a menacing, oversized monster truck named Gear and a dignified butler named Hovis. The program commonly chronicles their wealthy lifestyles and action-packed, sometimes paranormal experiences. Other characters include the sweet young neighbor girl, Kimberly, with whom Gordon is obsessed, and the cats' competitive rivals the Chumpy Chump Brothers.

 Characters 

 Main 
Gordon Quid (voiced by Rob Paulsen) is the middle child of the three. He claims to be a member of the "Highland Quid Clan" and speaks with a Scottish accent, despite not being from Scotland. He is infatuated with "Human" Kimberly and loves to sing, regularly angering Mr. Blik. He enjoys cooking Scottish recipes, which many people find disgusting. He is a Manx cat based on his small tail, and has an orange patch on his right eye.
Waffle (voiced by Kevin McDonald) is the youngest and tallest of the three. A dimwitted and happy-go-lucky cat with an affinity for his many pet newts, his catchphrases are "Spleee!" or "Woohoo!" He is easily fascinated by many simplistic, everyday items and likes making flatulent sounds with his underarms. He is a gray American Curl with long, floppy ears and a long tail with dark periwinkle stripes like his right ear.
Mr. Blik (voiced by Wayne Knight) is the oldest, shortest, and the self-appointed leader of the group who is confident, pampered, surly, and vain. He often gets himself into major trouble and is prone to near-death injuries. Mr. Blik is proud of his newly inherited riches and spends money on anything that spells respect and power. He always insults his two brothers, and his catchphrases are "Yeah!" and "Suckers!" He is a Bombay cat.

 Supporting 
Hovis (voiced by Maurice LaMarche) is Mrs. Cramdilly's butler who looks after the cats and collects his measly paychecks (which Mr. Blik signs). Hovis is not exactly thrilled about his new situation but hails from a long line of butlers who have served in the house and honestly believes that he has nowhere else to go. Therefore, Hovis puts up with the fact that the former pets have become his masters. Mr. Blik barks out orders to him constantly, Gordon treats him as an equal, and Waffle has not quite figured out that he is not a pet anymore (though he still asks Hovis to be let out and scratched behind his ears). His birthday is April 14, 1964, as seen in the episode "Love Jackal".
Human Kimberly (voiced by Liliana Mumy) is an 8-year-old girl who has a good-natured personality, a gap in her teeth, and an obsession with unicorns. Kimberly is one of the few human friends the cats have. Kimberly does not think they are greedy and just accepts her feline neighbors for who they are and sees the good in their hearts. Kimberly is also completely unaware of Gordon's infatuation with her. Kimberly has three human friends named Kaitlin, Kaitlyn, and Charlotte. Although she is not in many episodes, her most notable appearances are in the episodes "Unicorn Club", "Love Cats", and "Core-uption".
Randall (voiced by Frank Welker) is an antagonistic male brown grizzly bear who is on the hunt for the three cat brothers. Randall knows where the cats live and will sometimes be at their door to eat them up as soon as it is opened.

 Production 
After Nickelodeon greenlit the series, Catscratch went into production in June 2004. The series was first announced at Nickelodeon's March 2005 upfront, confirming a 13-episode order. It was slated for release in September 2005, but was pushed forward to July.
Later in the year, Nickelodeon ordered 7 more episodes, bringing the episode count to 20. The final episode was produced in 2006. Catscratch was eventually canceled in 2007 for unknown reasons.

 Broadcast 
The series aired on Nickelodeon and premiered in the United States on July 9, 2005. Catscratch temporarily ceased reruns shortly after the airing of episode 19 in October 2006 until the final episode entitled "Spindango Fundulation / Duck and Cover" aired on February 10, 2007, ending the series.

 Episodes 

 Home media 
Since the series was never saw any complete series releases, there were only two Nick Picks volumes that each included an episode in 2006 and 2007. The episode "Livesavers" was to be featured on the Nick Picks Vol. 6 DVD, with a release date for August 7, 2007. However, the DVD was cancelled for unknown reasons.

 Reception 

 Critical 
Sarah Wenk of Common Sense Media gave the series 3 out of 5 stars, saying that "Catscratch is a generic cartoon show that involves oddly drawn characters who don't really look like anything, very loud voices, very bright colors, and many instances of people and creatures and things being bashed, broken, and bonked. The show is a by-the-book program, but that doesn't mean it's not sometimes funny or even touching. Many kids will get a kick out of it, although you may not be as tolerant. There's nothing terribly wrong with it, but nothing terribly right, either."

 Awards and nominations 

 Comics 
Confirmed by an e-mail from Doug TenNapel, there were a few 2-page Catscratch comics in the works for Nickelodeon Magazine. The first one came out in the December 2005/January 2006 issue. The second one came out in the March 2006 issue. The third and last one was in the February 2007 issue.

 See also 
Earthworm Jim
Doug TenNapel
Nickelodeon

 References 

 External links 

Catscratch at IMDb 
Catscratch at NickAnimationStudio.com (archive)

Penstemon ambiguus
Penstemon ambiguus, commonly known as the bush penstemon, pink plains penstemon, or gilia beardtongue is a species of Penstemon that grows in the shortgrass prairies and deserts of the western United States and northern Mexico. This bush-like penstemon grows in sandy, loose, and creosote soils and is particularly known for the spectacular flowering show it produces, sometime seasons turning whole hillsides bright pink–white.

 Description 
Penstemon ambiguus is a perennial, somewhat bushy species with stems that are woody at their base (suffrutescent). The stems are generally 30–40 cm tall, but will sometimes be as short as 20 cm or as tall as 60 cm, and are either smooth or somewhat rough near the base. They have paired leaves that taper from base to the tip, most often 5–30 mm long and only 0.5–1 mm wide, but occasionally as wide as 2.5 mm and as short as 3 mm or as long as 40 mm. The edges of the leaves are either smooth or somewhat rough. The tips of the leaves taper to the point or have an extended leaf rib at the end (acuminate or mucronate).The plants are relatively shallowly rooted with the majority of their roots within three centimeters of the soil surface. Though a few roots may reach depths of three meters into the soil.

 Flowers 
Penstemon ambiguus most often blooms from late May to late August, with occasional blooms as late as September. The smooth to rough flowering stems are between 6 and 15 cm in height. The flowering stem is a thyrse with 6–10 groups of flowers on the stem, with each group containing 1–3 flowers. The bracts near the flowers are linear, very narrow and short, just 6–33 mm long and 0.3–1.5 mm wide, and usually shorter than 27 mm. Each flower is supported by an individual short stem (a peduncle or pedicels) with a smooth to rough texture, like the rest of the stems and leaves.The flowers have five ovate lobes, two above and three below and a fused funnel shaped flower. The petals and tube of the flower are pastel shades of pink with the outermost part sometimes milky pink or milky white. The outside of the flower is smooth, but the inside of flower will have two lines of fine, short, hairs and reddish-purple nectar guides. As a whole, the flower will be 16–22 mm long, with a tube width of 3–4 mm and an internal diameter of 3–5 mm. The stamens are kept within the tube of the flower and the pollen sacs on the stamens are 0.5–0.6 mm in size. The staminode, or fuzzy tongue, of the flower is 7–9 mm long. The flowers are also fragrant.The seed capsules are typical of penstemon, four valved capsules shaped like a teardrop 6–9 mm in length and 3–5 mm in width.

 Taxonomy 
Penstemon ambiguus was named and described by the botanist John Torrey in 1827 from a type specimen collected by Edwin P. James. James was the botanist in the 1820 expedition commanded by Major Stephen H. Long exploring a portion of the Louisiana Purchase by the United States government. The closest relative of the species is Penstemon thurberi.As of 2024 Penstemon ambiguus is the accepted scientific name according to Plants of the World Online (POWO) and World Flora Online (WFO).

 Varieties and forms 
Penstemon ambiguus has two varieties according to POWO and WFO.Penstemon ambiguus var. ambiguus is the autonymic subspecies. It was described as Penstemon ambiguus var. foliosus by George Bentham in 1846, but this is no longer accepted. It differs by having rough stems near the base and always having rough leaf edges. It is the more northeasterly variety, growing in the southern shortgrass prairie.Penstemon ambiguus var. laevissimus was briefly described and named by David D. Keck, a noted expert on penstemons. However, this description was incomplete and Noel Herman Holmgren published a more complete description in 1979. It differs from the autonym in having a smooth base to the stem and sometimes having smooth edges to its leaves. It is the more southwesterly variety.

 Habitat and distribution 
Penstemon ambiguus var. ambiguus grows in dunes, sandy areas of the plains, and sandsage shrublands. It is recorded by POWO and the USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service PLANTS database (PLANTS) as growing from eastern Colorado and western Kansas south to the Oklahoma panhandle, in two counties of New Mexico, and Texas. Though POWO additionally reports it growing in Nebraska. In southeastern Colorado, they are very often found in sandy washes and ephemeral streams draining the Palmer Divide.Penstemon ambiguus var. laevissimus also grows in sandy soils with creosote bush, blackbrush, sagebrush shrublands, and in juniper woodlands. It is recorded by POWO and PLANTS as growing in Nevada, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas. However, PLANTS also records it as growing in Colorado and Wyoming, in disagreement with both POWO and the Flora of North America. POWO, which has a wider coverage, also records it as growing in the Mexican state of Chihuahua.

 Ecology 
The primary pollinators of Penstemon ambiguus are small pollen-collecting bees, although they are also frequently used as landing platforms by flies in genus Oligodranes. Only pollen-collecting bees are attracted to their flowers due to a lack of nectar rewards in the blooms of P. ambiguus.

 Cultivation 
Because of the showy nature of its upwards facing blossoms and long-lived nature, many gardeners regard bush penstemons as one of the best penstemons to grow in gardens.In hot, dry environments with well draining soil bush penstemon are recommended, but are difficult to grow in other conditions. In areas warmer than -4 °C (USDA hardiness zone 9 and above) the plants will largely stay green and may bloom all winter. Plants grow larger and more robustly in sandy soils and substantially smaller in heavier soils. In colder areas, bush penstemons often die back nearly to ground level, but they are hardy to about -23 °C to -17 °C (USDA hardiness zone 6). Unlike the seeds of many colder climate penstemons, the bush penstemon has seeds that do not exhibit any significant decrease in germination when directly planted at 21 °C (70 °F). They also have no change in germination by being held at 4.5 °C (40.1 °F) for three months.

 References 

Mescalero
Mescalero or Mescalero Apache (Mescalero-Chiricahua: Naa'dahéńdé) is an Apache tribe of Southern Athabaskan–speaking Native Americans. The tribe is federally recognized as the Mescalero Apache Tribe of the Mescalero Apache Reservation, located in south-central New Mexico.
In the 19th century, the Mescalero opened their reservation to other Apache tribes, such as the Mimbreno (Chíhéńde, Warm Springs Apaches) and the Chiricahua (Shá’i’áńde or Chidikáágu).   Some Lipan Apache (Tú’édįnéńde and Túntsańde) also joined the reservation. Their descendants are enrolled in the Mescalero Apache Tribe.

 Reservation 
Originally established on May 27, 1873, by executive order of President Ulysses S. Grant, the reservation was first located near Fort Stanton (Zhúuníidu). The present reservation was established in 1883. It has a land area of 1,862.463 km2 (719.101 sq mi), almost entirely in Otero County.  The 463,000-acre reservation lies on the eastern flank of the Sacramento Mountains and borders the Lincoln National Forest.  A small, unpopulated section is in Lincoln County just southwest of Ruidoso (Tsé tághe' si'â-yá). U.S. Route 70 is the major highway through the reservation.
Given that the Mescalero Tribal lands in the Lincoln National Forest are ranked as one of the most beautiful scenic locations in the world, much of the tribal economy is in hospitality and tourism.  The trades and ranching also contribute to their growing economy.  With a growing technology sector their Native Innovation Centers and multi state University Consortiums will soon provide a robust research and development sector to their economy.
The Mescalero Department of Resource Management and Land Development celebrated 60 years of success in 2022 on the 20th anniversary of their two premier tourist destination resorts.    The Mescalero designed, developed and own the Inn of the Mountain Gods (IMG) Casino and Golf Resort within the Lincoln National Forest.  
The Mescalero designed, developed, own and operate Ski Apache Resort in the Sierra Blanca Mountains. This is the southern most large ski resort in North America.    
The Mescalero ownership and management of these facilities including all of the  Alpine Sports including equestrian center and zip lines requires effective resource management. They reflect the entrepreneurial vision and resilience of the Mescalero Tribe.    These resorts are premier destination tourism spots according to New Mexico, US, North American and global travel guides.  Native American heritage combined with one-of-a kind resorts that features hand made cultural accessories to high tech operations.  The mountains and foothills are forested with pines; resource and commercial development are managed carefully by the Mescalero Apache Tribal Council. The Mescalero Apache developed a cultural center near the tribal headquarters on U.S. Route 70 in the reservation's largest community of Mescalero.  On display are tribal artifacts and important historical information. The tribe also operates another, larger museum on the western flank of the Sacramento Mountains in Dog Canyon, south of Alamogordo (T'iis ntsaadz-í 'úú'á).
New museums and exhibits are being planned to fully capture the Mescalero Space Innovation integration capabilities through partnerships with the New Mexico Space Consortium, Spaceport America, NASA, other commercial space companies, the Intl Institute for Homeland Security Defense and US military partners (Air Force-AFRL and Space Force) the Mescalero Apache Space Innovation and Integration Centers.
The ski area is situated adjacent to the massive peak of Sierra Blanca (Dziãgais'â-ní = "sacred mountain") a 12,003-foot (3,659 m) mountain.  It is the southernmost alpine peak in the continental United States, and is part of the Sacramento Mountains. Using the EPA's Level III Ecoregion System, derived from Omernik, this mountain is included in the Arizona/New Mexico Mountains, which are south of the Southern Rocky Mountains of northern New Mexico. Sierra Blanca Peak, located on the reservation, is sacred ground for the Mescalero Apache Tribe. They do not allow access without a permit.

 Tribal government 
The Mescalero Apache Tribe holds elections for the office of president every two years.  The eight tribal council members also are elected for two years. Strong woman leadership is welcomed and encouraged in the Mescalero Apache Tribal Council.   Election for the council is held every year, when one half of the members are up for re-election.  The Apache nation of over 64,000 coordinate with each other through tribal meetings.   The tribe comprised over 12,468 with 8,652 according to the United States Census.
In 1959, the tribe elected Virginia Klinekole as its first woman president. She later was elected to the tribal council, serving on it until 1986. The tribe repeatedly re-elected Wendell Chino as president; he served a total of 43 years, until his death on November 4, 1998.
Soon after Chino's death, the late Sara Misquez was elected as president. Chino's son, Mark Chino, also has been elected and served as president.
New officers elected to serve in Leadership positions of the Mescalero Apache Tribe in 2022.   Mr. Eddie Martinez was sworn in as the new president of the Mescalero Apache tribe.  Alamogordo Daily News reports. Leadership from Holloman Airforce Base attended the tribal council ceremony for newly elected president, officers and Tribal Council.  Mr. Kelton Starr, retired Army veteran and Tribal Defense Liaison maintains coordination with the Defense Research Labs and US military bases in New Mexico.  The new leadership is focused on building on past successes and accelerating economic development projects with a new focus on Native Innovation and “Made-in-Native-America” campaign.  Mr.Martinez will chair the Native American Regional Commission (comprising all 34 states with Federally recognized tribes) to accelerate economic security, development and defense projects that benefit the Mescalero Apache Tribe and all Native American and other Indigenous peoples.

 Culture and language 
The Mescalero language is a Southern Athabaskan language which is a subfamily of the Athabaskan and Dené–Yeniseian families. Mescalero is part of the southwestern branch of this subfamily; it is very closely related to Chiricahua, and more distantly related to Western Apache. These are considered the three dialects of Apachean.  Although Navajo is a related Southern Athabaskan language, its language and culture are considered distinct from those of the Apache.
The Mescalero Apache were primarily a nomadic mountain people. They were innovative warriors, stealth, fierce, precise and tactical. Their capabilities are forever recognized as superior military tactics.  Modern defense industrial base utilizes this irregular warfare precision and “brand” in naming the most superior military aircraft i.e. the Boeing Manufactured Apache helicopter, the Sikorsky Blackhawk etc. after the Native Americans.   
They traveled east on the arid plains to hunt the buffalo and south into the desert for gathering Mescal Agave. Spanish colonists associated them with this plant and named them Mescalero Apache. The Mescalero Apache, along with the other Apache groups, lived by traditional hunting and gathering. The Mescalero Apache culture protected the ecology and were able to utilize their resources very effectively.
The Mescalero Apache relied on hunting and gathering for subsistence. Men led the hunting parties for buffalo, antelope, and deer. Women accompanied men and dressed the meat and skins and would also participate in the hunting of small game such as rabbits. Women would gather Mescal Agave in groups of 4–10 people, mainly consisting of female friends and family members and usually several men. Men would also take an active role in the processing of mescal.Family descent was matrilineal, but men's heritage would be remembered especially if there was a famous warrior in his lineage. Extended families consisted of grandparents, unmarried children, and their remarried daughters' nuclear families. The Mescalero also practiced matrilocal residence patterns. When a woman married, the couple would move into a new tipi or wickiup close to her parents' home.

 Origin of name 
The Mescalero's autonym, or name for themselves, is Shis-Inday ("People of the Mountain Forests") or  Mashgaléńde / Mashgaléneí ("People close to the mountains" or "Mescalero Apache People"). The Navajo (in Mescalero: ’Indaa’bixúńde / ’Indabixúńde, modern name: Chusht’a ’íízhańde), another Athabascan-speaking tribe, call the Mescalero Naashgalí Dineʼé. Like other Apache peoples they often identify simply as Ndé / Nndéí / Ndéne / Ndéńde ("The People", "Apaches"). Neighboring Apache bands called the Mescalero Nadahéndé ("People of the Mescal"), because the mescal agave (Agave parryi) (Apache: naa’da / ’inaa’da / na’da) was a staple food source for them. In times of need and hunger, they depended on stored mescal for survival. They adopted and identify today also as Naa'dahéńdé / Naa’dańde ("The People of the Mescal"). Since 1550 Spanish colonists referred to them as the Mescalero.
Mescalero Apache bands were often referred to by European colonists and settlers by different names, some related to their geographic territory. They were recorded in documents by a wide number of names: Apaches de Cuartelejo, Apaches del Río Grande, Apachi, Faraones, Mezcaleros, Natage (more correctly, one of the Lipan Apache subdivisions, along with the Nahizan), Natahene, Querechos, Teyas, Tularosa Apaches, and Vaqueros.  They were also distinguished as Sierra Blanca Apaches, Sacramento Mountains Apaches, Guadalupe Mountains Apaches, Limpia Mountains Apaches. according to their homelands in northern or southern Mescalero territory.

 Tribal territory 
Originally the different Mescalero bands and local groups ranged in an area between the Rio Grande (Tú 'ichii-dí – "the water that is the color of red ocher") in the west and the eastern and southern edge of the Llano Estacado and the southern Texas Panhandle in Texas in the east; from present-day Santa Fe (Yuutu') in the northwest and the Texas Panhandle in the northeast, down to the Big Bend of Texas and what became the Mexican provinces of Chihuahua and Coahuila to the south. The diverse landscape of this area has high mountains up to 12,000 feet, as well as watered and sheltered valleys, surrounded by arid semi-deserts and deserts, deep canyons and open plains. The Mescalero Apache Reservation is located at geographical coordinates 33°10′42″N 105°36′44″W.
Mescalero identity is filled with legends of the past. For instance, four mountains represent the direction of everyday life for the Mescalero Apache people: those being (1) Sierra Blanca Peak (White Peak), (2) El Capitan within the Guadalupe Mountains, (3) Three Sisters Mountain (Las Tres Hermanas) and (4) Oscura Mountain Peak (sometimes the Salinas Peak within the San Andres Mountains is listed as the fourth sacred mountain instead of the Oscuru Mountain Peak). Moreover, their forefathers spoke of a creator giving them life on White Mountain. It was there that White Painted Woman gave birth to two sons, Child of Water and Killer of Enemies
Since each band of Mescalero had the right to use the resources of deer and plants of the neighboring groups, the different bands felt at home in any area of their wide tribal territory. The Mescalero or Mashgalé-õde bands often ranged widely for hunting, gathering, warring and raiding. They called their home Indeislun Nakah ("people, forming a group, when they are there," "place where people get together") or today Mashgalé-ne bikéyaa ("Mescalero Apache Country"; "Mescalero Apache Homelands").
When many Mescalero bands were displaced by the enemy Comanche ('Indaa tse'-éõde or Indassene; modern name: Gumáõchí-í) from the Southern Plains in northern and central Texas between 1700 and 1750, they took refuge in the mountains of New Mexico, western Texas, and Coahuila and Chihuahua in Mexico. Some southern Mescalero bands, together with Lipan, lived in the Bolsón de Mapimí, moving between the Nazas River, the Conchos River and the Rio Grande to the north.

 Bands 
 The Mescalero were divided into some regional bands, which were known to the Spanish/Mexican ('indantûhé-õde) and later Americans ('indaa łiga-ńne bindáa-í datł'ij-í – "white [enemy] people with blue eyes" or 'indáá-ńne – "white people"; "[white] enemies"; modern name: nndé bindáa datł'ijé-ńne – "white people"; lit. "blue-eyed people") by different names (most were transliterations or renderings of the bands Apache name).Naa’dańde / Naa’dahéńdé ("Mescal People", "People of the Mescal") or Natagés (Spanish rendering and transliteration, pronounced Na-ta-hay); really a Lipan group, they lived between Rio Grande and Pecos River (also known as Rio Salado or Rio del Natagee) in central New Mexico, with several local groups traveling on the southern and western edge of the Llano Estacado onto the southern Texas Panhandle, original Apachean group who would become the Mescalero and Salinero Apaches ("Salt producing People").)
Gułgahéńde / Gułgańde ("People of the Plains", "The People of Open Spaces") or Cuelcajenne, later Llañeros ("Plains People"; really a Jicarilla group, they lived east of the mountains and the Pecos River, on the High Plains from the Texas Panhandle to the Pecos Valley, between Amarillo (Bighą́ą́’ gułga-yá / Bighą́ą́’ gułtsúú-yá), Tucumcari, Lubbock and the Llano Estacado, along the Sandia and Tijeras Mountains westward to Santa Fe, from Nogal Canyon to the north to Las Vegas, from the Organ Mountains (Tsé daadeezhá-yá; Tsé deezhá-yá – "The place where rocks are jagged") eastwards to El Paso (Tsé táhúú'á-yá) in Texas (Ch'a nteeã-õde bikéé'yaa'). In Oklahoma (Indian Territory) they developed kinship ties by marriage with the Comanche.)
Dził-í naańde / Dził-í naahńde ("Mountain Ridge Band People", "The People of the Mountainside", "The People who Live on the Edge of the Mountains") or Chilpaines (lived in the mountains west and south of the Pecos River, extending in northern Chihuahua and Coahuila of present-day Mexico.)
Ch’ilaańde / Jilaa’éńde ("Antelope Band People", "The People of Antelope") (lived west of the Pecos west to the Rio Grande in the mountains of central and south New Mexico and the Tularosa Basin (Tséts’ųųsí yaneeł’ą́’-ee tú nk’ų́jí siką́-yá).
Nii’t’ahéńde / Niit’ahéńde ("The People of the Side of the Land", "The People at the Side of the Earth", "The People at the Edge of the Earth", "People Who Live Against the Mountains", "Earth Crevine (Deer) People") or Sierra Blanca (White Mountains) Mescaleros, sometimes Sacramento Mountains Mescaleros (so named because their 19th century dominant local groups lived in the Sacramento Mountains and in the Sierra Blanca (White Mountains) (Dził Gais ’ą́ní) in New Mexico with other local groups living east in the Guadalupe Mountains of western Texas.)
Tséichíńde ("People of Hook Nose", "The People of Red Rock", "The People of the Guadalupe Mountains") or Guadalupe Mountains Mescaleros (several bands, who lived in the Tséichí ("red rock", i.e. Guadalupe Mountains), the adjacent Plains of Texas and in northern Coahuila and Chihuahua of Mexico.)
Tsébikįnéńde ("Rock House People", "Stone House People", "The People of Rock Houses"), Aguas Nuevas Apaches or Norteños ("The Northerners"), later Limpia Mescaleros (have been based around the Nuevo Casas Grandes in Chihuahua, migrating north toward the Sacramento Mountains and south to Agua Nueva 60 miles north of Chihuahua City (Ją́’é łą́yá- "the place where (there are) many donkeys"), also on both sides of the Rio Grande between El Paso and Ojinaga, Chihuahua; some local groups lived in the Guadalupe and Limpia mountains)
Tahuundé / Tá'huú'ndé ("Mountains Extending into the River People") (lived on both sides of the Pecos River in southern New Mexico and into southwestern Texas)
Chisos Apaches / Chishéńde / Chishhéńde ("Forest People"), Chinati Apaches ("People at the mountain pass") or Rio Grande Apaches (one mighty band with several local groups living in the Chihuahuan Desert and arid mountains ranging on both sides of the Rio Grande from the Trans-Pecos south down into the Sierra Madre Oriental of North Mexico, with strongholds in the mountain ranges of the Davis Mountains (former Limpia Mountains), Chisos Mountains and Chinati Mountains (from Apache name ch'íná'itíh – "gate" or "mountain pass") of West Texas and in the adjoining Sierra del Burro (Serranias del Burro), Sierra (Maderas) del Carmen of Coahuila and Sierra Alamos of Chihuahua north of the Bolsón de Mapimí, today's Big Bend National Park in Texas and the Cañón de Santa Elena Protected Area and Maderas del Carmen Protected Area are part of their former band territory.)
Túntsańde / Tú ntsaa-ńde ("Big Water People") (once the Tú sis Ndé band of the Lipan Apache, who lived in south central Texas and in northern Coahuila, camping together with several bands of the Mescalero on the Plains for hunting and raiding; they merged with the Mescalero, forming a Mescalero band)
Tú’édįnéńde ("No Water People", "Tough People of the Desert") (once the Tú é diné Ndé band of the Lipan Apache, who had territory in northern Coahuila and Chihuahua; they eventually merged with some southern Mescalero bands)The Naa’dahéńdé had had a considerable influence on the decision-making of some bands of the Western Lipan in the 18th century, especially on the Tindi Ndé, Tcha shka-ózhäye, Tú’édįnéńde and Tú sis Ndé. To fight their common enemy, the Comanche, and to protect the northeastern and eastern border of the Apacheria against the Comancheria, the Mescalero (Naa’dahéńdé and Gułgahéńde) on the Plains joined forces with their Lipan kin (Cuelcahen Ndé, Te'l kóndahä, Ndáwe qóhä and Shá’i’áńde) to the east and south of them.
In August 1912, by an act of the U.S. Congress, the surviving members of the Chiricahua tribe were released from their prisoner-of-war status. They were given the choice to remain at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where they had been imprisoned since 1894, or to relocate to the Mescalero Apache reservation. One hundred and eighty-three elected to go to New Mexico, while seventy-eight remained in Oklahoma. Their descendants still reside in both places.

 Notable Mescalero 

 Historical chiefs and headmen 
Northern Mescalero

Barranquito (also known as Palanquito): most influential chief of the Nii’t’ahéńde (Sierra Blanca Mescalero) band, which ranged between the Sierra Blanca east toward the Pecos River, probably the most important Mescalero chief in the early 1800s, when he died in 1857, his three sons and/or nephews Santana, Cadete and Roman succeeded him.
Santana (also known as Santa Ana, ca. 1810 / 1815 – †1876): son and successor of Barranquito, since about 1830' had been a local group leader of great authority of the Sierra Blanca Mescalero band, since the death of Barranquito Santana seem to have had the most influence within the northern Mescalero bands, but avoided the spotlight and was hardly known by the whites, in his later years he became the most steadfast friend of the whites, until his death of pneumonia or smallpox.
Cadete (also known as Cadette – "Volunteer", in Apache: Gian-na-tah – "Always Ready", also known as Zhee-es-not-son, Zhee Ah Nat Tsa): a son and successor of Barranquito, after Santana he was the most prominent and powerful chief of the Sierra Blanca Mescalero band, was more diplomatic than Santana and was a spokesman for the northern Mescalero bands. After the outbreak from Bosque Redondo on November 3, 1863, he had fled with his band toward the Staked Plains, trading stolen cattle and horses from Mexico directly or via the Comanchero to Comanche. He was murdered in 1872 while on a peace mission and returning from Tularosa.
Roman Grande: a son and successor of Barranquito, serving as chief of a local group of the Sierra Blanca Mescalero band. Less important than Santana and Cadete, he followed the lead of his brother Santana; died during an epidemic in 1885.
Josecito (also known as José Cito): after Barranquito and Santana, the most prominent leader of some local groups of the Sierra Blanca Mescalero band. In April 1852 he signed a treaty with Calhoun representing the US, together with the minor leader of another group of the Sierra Blanca Mescalero and Chacon, leader of the Jicarilla Apache.
San Juan: chief of the Nii’t’ahéńde (Sacramento Mountains Mescaleros) band, his band ranged along the Rio Bonito, Rio Hondo and in the Capitan Mountains with the Sacramento Mountains—the area where Fort Stanton was built—had alliances with eastern Mescalero bands, Lipan Apache bands as well as some Comanche bands; after Santana and Cadete were gone, chief San Juan and Nautzili took over the leadership of the Mescaleros on the reservation, but, unlike Nautzili, San Juan left the reservation in spring 1880, after Caballero's outbreak, during "Victorio's war"; his son Peso would become the last Mescalero chief.
Caballero (Ca-bal-le-so, eventually to be identified with Kutbhalla or Kutu-hala): war chief and later principal chief of the Nii’t’ahéńde (Sacramento Mountains Mescaleros) local groups of the Sacramento Mountains during the decades 1860s and 1870s, likely married to a daughter of the Chihenne Chief Mangas Coloradas, close ally and long-time friend of the great Mimbreño chief Victorio (and likely his brother-in-law as Mangas Coloradas' son-in-law); in March 1880 he left Tularosa and joined Victorio, fighting along with him in their last battles, but, according to some reports, he was killed in a trouble between the chiefs before the Tres Castillos massacre on oct. 14 1880.
Peso: ca. *1849 – †1929, was born in the Guadalupe Mountains near present-day Carlsbad as son of chief San Juan and his wife Nagoo-nah-go, his Nii’t’ahéńde or maybe Tséichíńde (Guadalupe Mountains Mescaleros) band joined Nautzili's band of Guhlkahéndé on the Southern Plains, from time to time he also joined the Tu'sis Nde band of Lipan Apaches of southeastern Texas and northeastern Mexico under Chief Magoosh, he was an expert tracker and served as Apache Scout in the campaigns against Geronimo, in the late 1800s he, together with his brother Sin Miedo (Sans Peur, Without Fear) and Magoosh were the three primary leaders on the reservation—Magoosh for the Lipans at Elk Springs, Sin Miedo at Tule Canyon and Peso representing the Rinconada and the Three Rivers.
Sin Miedo ("Without Fear" = "Sans Peur"): brother of chief Peso and son of chief San Juan, his Nii’t’ahéńde or maybe Tséichíńde (Guadalupe Mountains Mescaleros) band were close allies of the eastern Mescalero band named Gułgahéńde on the Southern Plains and of the Túsis Nde band of Lipan Apaches of southeastern Texas and northeastern Mexico; together with his brothers Peso, Crook Neck, and leaders as Shanta Boy and Big Mouth he served as Apache Scout in the campaign against Geronimo, the war leader and shaman of the Bedonkohe band of the Ndendhe Apaches; he, together with his brother Peso and Magoosh were the three primary leaders on the reservation—Magoosh for the Lipans at Elk Springs, Peso representing the Rinconada and the Three Rivers, and Sin Miedo at Tule Canyon.
Muchacho Negro ("Black Boy", born ca. 1860, died 1930): important local group leader and war chief, joined the Chihenne Chief Victorio, because of taking part in Victorio's War he was transferred to Fort Union (where he was to be imprisoned), but he escaped early in August 1882. Muchacho Negro was considered a renegade who would return to his people and continue to cause trouble. He was captured in June 1883 and imprisoned at Fort Sill, Indian Territory.
Gorgonio: medicine-man, aide to old Barranquito and, later, to Santana.Southern Mescalero 

Carnoviste: chief of Tsehitcihéndé (Guadalupe Mountains Mescaleros) or maybe Tsebekinéndé (Aguas Nuevas Apaches or Limpia Mescaleros), his band lived in the Big Bend Country, ranged on both sides of the Rio Grande from the Guadalupe Mountains towards east of the Limpia Mountains also known as Davis Mountains onto the edge of the Southern Plains, was reported to have committed frequent "depredations" on the San Antonio road and to have kidnapped Hermann—soon adopted in the tribe—and Willie Lehmann near Fort Mason in May 1870; in 1874 he promoted a council of Mescalero, Mimbreño and Lipan Apache chiefs, and Victorio succeeded in persuading the council to send peace messengers to the Comanches and Kiowas; he was killed by a medicine man of his band in the spring 1876.
Gómez (also known as Chief Gómez or Juan Gómez or by the Apache Negoyani, "Old Man of Wisdom"): chief of the 1840s–1860s who led a large Tsebekinéndé (Aguas Nuevas Apaches or Limpia Mescaleros) band of five local groups with about 400 warriors. His band lived in the Big Bend Country and the Trans-Pecos on both sides of the Rio Grande; his stronghold was in the Limpia Mountains, later named Davis Mountains. When the governor of Chihuahua Ángel Trías Álvarez offered 1000 pesos for his scalp, Gómez offered an equal amount for any Mexican or American scalp. The Glanton Gang's quest to capture Gómez on behalf of Gov. Trías was dramatized by Cormac McCarthy in his 1985 novel Blood Meridian. Gómez's lieutenants (Spanish: segundos) were Cigarito, Chinonero or Chino Huero, Simón Porode, and Simón Manuel.Cigarito: leader of a local group in the Limpia also known as Davis Mountains and in the lowlands of the Trans-Pecos; segundo and war chief of southern Mescalero Chief Gómez, 1840s–1860s
Chinonero: leader of a local group in the Limpia also known as Davis Mountains and in the lowlands of the Trans-Pecos; segundo and war chief of southern Mescalero chief Gómez, 1840s–1860s
Simón Porode: leader of a local group in West Texas; segundo and war chief of southern Mescalero chief Gómez. In 1850 he and Simón Manuel contacted the garrison at San Elizario to sue for peace, but were likely overruled by Gómez, 1840s–1860s.
Simón Manuel: leader of a local group in West Texas; segundo and war chief of southern Mescalero chief Gómez. In 1850 he and Simón Porode contacted the garrison at San Elizario to sue for peace, but were likely overruled by Gómez, 1840s–1860s)
Marco (also known as Marcus): chief of about 600 Tsehitcihéndé (Guadalupe Mountains Mescaleros) or maybe Niit'a-héõde, including about 200 warriors. They lived in the Big Bend Country, ranged on both sides of the Rio Grande from the Guadalupe Mountains (Tsé'íchîî') toward east of the Limpia Mountains also known as Davis Mountains onto the edge of the Southern Plains. He was reported to have led frequent raids and attacks of parties on the San Antonio road and in the settlement near El Paso. He wished to join the Sierra Blanca Mescalero band, but their request was refused, because they were considered a Texas Mescalero band; active in the 1840s–1860s.
Espejo ("looking-glass"): chief of a large band of Tsebekinéndé (Aguas Nuevas Apaches or Limpia Mescaleros) with several local groups under his segundos (or war chiefs) Nicolás and Antonio. They ranged between Limpia Canyon, Horsehead Crossing on the Pecos and east of the Limpia also known as Davis Mountains onto the surrounding desert lowlands of the Trans-Pecos in West Texas, from the 1840s to the late 1860s.
Nicolás: leader of a local group of the Tsebekinéndé band in the Limpia also known as Davis Mountains and east onto the edge of the Southern Plains, segundo and war chief of southern Mescalero chief Espejo, 1840s–1860s.
Antonio: leader of a local group of the Tsebekinéndé band in the Limpia also known as Davis Mountains and east onto the edge of the Southern Plains, segundo and war chief of southern Mescalero chief Espejo, 1840s–1860s.
Mateo: leader of a local group of the Tsebekinéndé (often called by Spanish and Americans Aguas Nuevas or Norteños), stayed together with Verancia in the vicinity of Dog Canyon in the Sacramento Mountains and presumably followed the old ways of hunt and raid, since they were considered "troublesome.", 1840s–1860s.
Verancia: said to be a son of Gomez, leader of a local group of the Tsebekinéndé, stayed together with Mateo in the vicinity of Dog Canyon in the Sacramento Mountains and presumably followed the old ways of hunt and raid, since they were considered "troublesome.", 1840s–1860s.
Alsate (also known as Arzate, Arzatti, also known as Pedro Muzquiz, ca. *1820 – †1881/1882): last chief of the Chisos Apaches (also Chinati or Rio Grande Apaches), this band ranged in the Limpia Mountains (or Davis Mountains), Chisos Mountains and Chinati Mountains in the Big Bend area, the Sierra del Carmen of Coahuila and Sierra Alamos in Chihuahua north of the Bolsón de Mapimí, born to a Mescalero woman and a member by blood of the influential Muzquiz family, captured with his band in 1878 at San Carlos de Chihuahua and deported to Mexico City to be jailed in "la Acordada", succeeded in escaping with his people in December 1879 and came back to the Big Bend; was caught again at San Carlos de Chihuahua in 1880 and executed together with his segundos (or war chiefs) Colorado and Zorillo at Ojinaga, opposite Presidio del Norte, Texas, his people were sold into slavery in Mexico, ca. 1860 – 1882.Colorado ("Red", likely "Avispa Colorada" "Red Wasp"): leader of a local group of Chisos, or maybe Lipan, Apaches in the border region of Coahuila, Chihuahua and West Texas, segundo and war chief of the Chisos Mescalero chief Alsate, was caught and executed together with Alsate and Zorillo at Ojinaga, opposite Presidio del Norte, Texas, late 1860s – 1882.
Zorillo (likely "Zorrillo" "Little Fox"): leader of a local group of Chisos Apaches in the border region of Coahuila, Chihuahua and West Texas, segundo and war chief of the Chisos Mescalero chief Alsate, was caught and executed together with Alsate and Colorado at Ojinaga, opposite Presidio del Norte, Texas, late 1860s – 1882.Eastern Mescalero / Plains Mescalero

Nautzili (also known as Natzili, Nautzile, Nodzilla, Nalt'zilli or Nut Cilli – "buffalo"): chief of the Guhlkahéndé (Llañeros) band and southern Lipan splinter groups living in northern Mexico, moved to reservation in 1876. In 1879 he had assumed leadership of most of the Mescalero reservation bands (including the Lipan) and persuaded many warriors not to join the Tchihende chief Victorio in Victorio's War.

 Other notable Mescalero 
Gouyen (ca. 1857 – 1903), female warrior
Wendell Chino, former tribal president of the Mescalero Apache Tribe for 43 years
Virginia Klinekole, first female tribal president
Sara Misquez, former tribal president
Dr. Felicia Fontenot, DDS, the first Mescalero Apache Dentist
George Aguilar, actor

 Education 
Mescalero Apache Schools is the tribal school.

 See also 
Lincoln National Forest
List of Indian reservations in the United States
Mescalero, New Mexico
Mescalero language
Winnetou
Mescalero Escarpment

 Notes 

 References 

 Bibliography 
Casteter, Edward F.; & Opler, Morris E. (1936). The ethnobiology of the Chiricahua and Mescalero Apache: The use of plants for foods, beverages and narcotics. Ethnobiological studies in the American Southwest, (Vol. 3); Biological series (Vol. 4, No. 5); Bulletin, University of New Mexico, whole, (No. 297). Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press.
Debo, Angie, Geronimo: The Man, His Time, His Place, Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press (1976), ISBN 0-8061-1828-8
Hoijer, Harry; & Opler, Morris E. (1938). Chiricahua and Mescalero Apache texts. The University of Chicago publications in anthropology; Linguistic series. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. (Reprinted 1964 by Chicago: University of Chicago Press; in 1970 by Chicago: University of Chicago Press; & in 1980 under H. Hoijer by New York: AMS Press, ISBN 0-404-15783-1).
Opler, Morris E. (1933). An analysis of Mescalero and Chiricahua Apache social organization in the light of their systems of relationship. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, University of Chicago.
Opler, Morris E. (1935). The concept of supernatural power among the Chiricahua and Mescalero Apaches. American Anthropologist, 37 (1), 65–70.
Opler, Morris E. (1936). The kinship systems of the Southern Athabaskan-speaking tribes. American Anthropologist, 38 (4), 620–633.
Sonnichsen, C. L. (1972) The Mescalero Apaches (The Civilization of the American Indian Series), Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press (1972), ISBN 0-8061-1615-3
Seymour, Deni J. (2002) Conquest and Concealment: After the El Paso Phase on Fort Bliss. Conservation Division, Directorate of Environment, Fort Bliss. Lone Mountain Report 525/528. This document can be obtained by contacting belinda.mollard@us.army.mil.
Seymour, Deni J. (2003) Protohistoric and Early Historic Temporal Resolution. Conservation Division, Directorate of Environment, Fort Bliss. Lone Mountain Report 560–003. This document can be obtained by contacting belinda.mollard@us.army.mil.
Seymour, Deni J. (2003) The Cerro Rojo Complex: A Unique Indigenous Assemblage in the El Paso Area and Its Implications For The Early Apache. Proceedings of the XII Jornada Mogollon Conference in 2001. Geo-Marine, El Paso.
Seymour, Deni J. (2004) A Ranchería in the Gran Apachería: Evidence of Intercultural Interaction at the Cerro Rojo Site. Plains Anthropologist 49(190):153-192.
Seymour, Deni J. (2004) Before the Spanish Chronicles: Early Apache in the Southern Southwest, pp. 120 –142. In "Ancient and Historic Lifeways in North America’s Rocky Mountains." Proceedings of the 2003 Rocky Mountain Anthropological Conference, Estes Park, Colorado, edited by Robert H. Brunswig and William B. Butler. Department of Anthropology, University of Northern Colorado, Greeley.
Seymour, Deni J. (2007) Sexually Based War Crimes or Structured Conflict Strategies: An Archaeological Example from the American Southwest. In Texas and Points West: Papers in Honor of John A. Hedrick and Carol P. Hedrick, edited by Regge N. Wiseman, Thomas C. O’Laughlin, and Cordelia T. Snow, pp. 117–134. Papers of the Archaeological Society of New Mexico No. 33. Archaeological Society of New Mexico, Albuquerque.
Seymour, Deni J. (2007) Apache, Spanish, and Protohistoric Archaeology on Fort Bliss. Conservation Division, Directorate of Environment, Fort Bliss. Lone Mountain Report 560–005. With Tim Church
Seymour, Deni J. (2007) An Archaeological Perspective on the Hohokam-Pima Continuum. Old Pueblo Archaeology Bulletin No. 51 (December 2007):1-7. (This discusses the early presence of Athapaskans.)
Seymour, Deni J. (2008) Despoblado or Athapaskan Heartland: A Methodological Perspective on Ancestral Apache Landscape Use in the Safford Area. Chapter 5 in Crossroads of the Southwest: Culture, Ethnicity, and Migration in Arizona's Safford Basin, pp. 121–162, edited by David E. Purcell, Cambridge Scholars Press, New York.
Seymour, Deni J. (2008) A Pledge of Peace: Evidence of the Cochise-Howard Treaty Campsite. Historical Archaeology 42(4):154-179. With George Robertson.
Seymour, Deni J. (2008) Apache Plain and Other Plainwares on Apache Sites in the Southern Southwest. In "Serendipity: Papers in Honor of Frances Joan Mathien," edited by R.N. Wiseman, T.C O'Laughlin, C.T. Snow and C. Travis,  pp 163–186. Papers of the Archaeological Society of New Mexico No. 34. Archaeological Society of New Mexico, Albuquerque.
Seymour, Deni J. (2008) Surfing Behind The Wave: A Counterpoint Discussion Relating To "A Ranchería In the Gran Apachería." Plains Anthropologist 53(206):241-262.
Seymour, Deni J. (2008) Pre-Differentiation Athapaskans (Proto-Apache) in the 13th and 14th Century Southern Southwest. Chapter in edited volume under preparation. Also paper in the symposium: The Earliest Athapaskans in Southern Southwest: Implications for Migration, organized and chaired by Deni Seymour, Society for American Archaeology, Vancouver.
Seymour, Deni J. (2009) Evaluating Eyewitness Accounts of Native Peoples along the Coronado Trail from the International Border to Cibola. New Mexico Historical Review 84(3):399-435.
Seymour, Deni J. (2009) Distinctive Places, Suitable Spaces: Conceptualizing Mobile Group Occupational Duration and Landscape Use. International Journal of Historical Archaeology 13(3): 255–281.
Seymour, Deni J. (2009) Nineteenth-Century Apache Wickiups: Historically Documented Models for Archaeological Signatures of the Dwellings of Mobile People. Antiquity 83(319):157-164.
Seymour, Deni J. (2009) Comments On Genetic Data Relating to Athapaskan Migrations: Implications of the Malhi et al. Study for the Apache and Navajo. American Journal of Physical Anthropology 139(3):281-283.
Seymour, Deni J. (2009) The Cerro Rojo Site (LA 37188)--A Large Mountain-Top Ancestral Apache Site in Southern New Mexico. Digital History Project. New Mexico Office of the State Historian. http://www.newmexicohistory.org/ Select: Place, Communities, Click on 'Cerro Rojo' on the map (orange square-dot NE of EL Paso, East of Las Cruces and Dona Ana ).
Seymour, Deni J. (2010) Cycles Of Renewal, Transportable Assets: Aspects of the Ancestral Apache Housing Landscape. Accepted at Plains Anthropologist.
Seymour, Deni J. (2010) Contextual Incongruities, Statistical Outliers, and Anomalies: Targeting Inconspicuous Occupational Events.  American Antiquity. (Winter, in press)
Scott, Richard B. (1959-05-18). Acculturation Among Mescalero Apache High School Students. University of New Mexico. - Profile - Master's degree thesis

 External links 

Official Website of the Mescalero Apache Tribe

Charoen Pokphand
The Charoen Pokphand Group Company, Ltd. (CP) (Thai: เจริญโภคภัณฑ์; RTGS: Charoen Phokkhaphan) is a Thai conglomerate based in Bangkok. It is Thailand's largest private company and the largest privately held Royal Warrant holder of the Thai Royal Family. The company describes itself as having eight business lines covering 13 business groups. As of 2020, the group has investments in 21 countries.It owns controlling stakes in Charoen Pokphand Foods (CPF), the world's largest producer of feed, shrimp, and a global top three producer of poultry, pork, among other agricultural produces. It also operates Southeast Asia's largest retail business by revenue, with over 12,000 7-Eleven stores the second largest in the world after the 20,000 stores in Japan and a leading cash and carry business through CP Axtra, formerly known as Siam Makro. In the telecommunications sector, CP Group subsidiary, True Group, is one of the largest telecom firms in Southeast Asia with over 25 million mobile customers.
With some 200 business subsidiaries in mainland China, CP Group is known in China as "Zhèng Dà" (正大 - "positive" or "upright"). When China opened up its economy in 1978, the CP Group was the first foreign investor in the country and became the first foreign company registered in the special economic zone of Shenzhen, Guangdong. The company is the single largest investor in Mainland China today commanding over a fifth of China's entire feed meal market. The corporate registration number was "0001." Through its extensive investments, CP Group has been credited with changing the country's dietary habits and leading China's green revolution.

 History 
Charoen Pokphand traces its beginnings back to 1921, when immigrant brothers Chia Ek Chor (謝易初) and Chia Jin Hyang (謝進賢), hailing from Shantou, China, started a seed store named Chia Tai Chung on Songsawat Road in Bangkok's Chinatown during the reign of King Rama VI. They imported seeds and vegetables from China and exported pigs and eggs to Hong Kong, Taipei, Kuala Lumpur, and Singapore. The two brothers, who were virtually penniless, managed to scrape together enough capital to start their tiny seed shop. For the first few years of the businesses existence, the two brothers experimented to find their own market niche. By the 1950s, the shop began to specialize in exporting animal feed, particularly for chickens but the business struggled until the 1970s when the Bangkok Bank asked it to assume control of a bankrupt chicken farm. The shop later specialized in purchasing grown chickens for distribution to grocers and restaurants with vertically integrated strategy of feed-milling operations with chicken breeding. In 1969, the company had an annual turnover of US$1–2 million.When the Thai economy was liberalized in the 1970s, the CP Group entered various business negotiations with several major Thai banks, the Thai government, and foreign firms. The CP Group would supply Thai farmers with chicks and feed and teach breeders how to raise chickens while the farmers would sell the grown chickens back to the CP Group which processed the chickens and sold them to high volume grocery stores, restaurants, and fast food franchises across Thailand. The CP Group expanded internationally exporting their contract farming formula across Southeast Asia and around the world to Mexico, Taiwan, Portugal, Mainland China, Indonesia, Turkey, and the United States. By the 1980s, with Thailand becoming a full blown capitalist economy, the CP Group entered the aquaculture business, turning their formula to raising and marketing shrimp.The company increased its scope from selling vegetable seeds under the trademark of "Rua Bin" ('Aeroplane') to production of animal feed under Ek Chor's two elder sons, Jaran Chiaravanont and Montri Jiaravanont. The company further integrated its  business to include livestock farming, marketing, and distribution, under Dhanin Chearavanont. By the 1970s, the company had a virtual monopoly on the supply of chicken and eggs in Thailand. The company was known for vertical integration, expanding into several business lines, adding breeding farms, slaughterhouses, processed foods production, and, later, its own chain of restaurants.  CP had also gone international, launching feed mill operations in Indonesia in 1972, exporting chickens to Japan in 1973, then moving into Singapore in 1976.In the 1980s, as mainland China opened up to foreign direct investment, the firm became the preferred partner for international brands such as Honda, Walmart, and Tesco. CP's family ties with the mainland enabled it to become the first foreign company to establish itself in the newly created Shenzhen Special Economic Zone, where the company set up its Chia Tai Co. (Chinese: 正大集团; pinyin: Zhèngdà Jítuán) subsidiary. In 1987, the company acquired the rights to the 7-Eleven convenience store chain and the KFC fast food restaurant chain. The company would also expand into Shanghai by manufacturing motorcycles under license from Honda and brewing beer with a license from Heineken. In 1989, CP entered the petrochemical business with Solvay of Belgium to launch Vinythai Co., a manufacturer of polyvinylchloride. In 1990, the CP Group acquired a stake in TelecomAsia, a joint venture with US telecommunications firm NYNEX to build and operate two million telephone lines in Bangkok worth some US$3 billion.  The CP Group also acquired interests in satellite launch, cable television, and mobile telephone services.By the early-1990s, CP presided over some 200 subsidiaries in China. CP's investment in poultry production on the mainland was credited with changing the country's dietary habits, as per capita consumption more than doubled by the end of the decade. Starting in 1993, many subsidiaries went public. TA, Charoen Pokphand Feedmill, Siam Makro, and Vinythai were listed publicly on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET); its Hong Kong subsidiary, CP Pokphand, on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; a Shanghai-based animal feed and poultry group on the Shanghai exchange; a real estate development arm, Hong Kong Fortune, on the Hong Kong Exchange; and Ek Chor China Motorcycle on the New York Stock Exchange. Having been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since 1981, CP Lotus, a retail arm of CP Group in China, opened its first store in Shanghai in 1997.After the Asian financial crisis in 1997, CP consolidated into three business lines under its main brands: foods (CP Foods), retail (7-Eleven), and telecommunications (True). By the early-2000s, the CP Group claimed US$9 billion in business assets. The company sold its stakes in the Tesco Lotus venture with Tesco in 2003 due to its crisis policy in order to focus on 7-Eleven, in which, unlike Tesco, CP owns a majority, as its flagship retail arm.
In 2013, Charoen Pokphand has got clearance to buy HSBC's stake of Chinese Ping An Insurance. On 10 May 2013, in spite of a lack of loan from the China Development Bank, HSBC said "it was selling the 15.6 percent stake at HK$59 a share" to Charoen Pokphand Group.In 2014, CP announced a tie-up with the Japanese general trading company Itochu under which CP acquired 4.9 percent of Itochu's listed stock for about US$1 billion, and Itochu in turn acquired a 25 percent stake in a Hong Kong-listed CP group company, CP Pokphand Co., for about US$854 million. This transaction made CP the third-largest shareholder in Itochu, and was marketed as an alliance between the two conglomerates with a focus on developing international food trading opportunities. In 2015, CP and Itochu announced that they would jointly take a US$10.4 billion stake in China's CITIC Limited, forming a trilateral alliance with Itochu and CP each holding 10 percent of CITIC's stock, one of the largest foreign investments in a Chinese state-owned company.On 9 March 2020, CP Group submitted the winning bid to purchase Thai retailer, Tesco Lotus, for about US$10.6 billion. The purchase needed the approval of the Office of Trade Competition Commission (OTCC) as it could constitute a monopoly, given that CP already owns 7-Eleven convenience stores and the Makro cash-and-carry business. The sale became approved in Malaysia in November 2020 and in Thailand in December 2020, with rebranding of the acquired stores beginning in February 2021, replacing the Tesco corporate branding with that of Lotus's. 
In February 2021, CP Group was recognized as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies 2021" award from Ethisphere Institute, a global institution for evaluating ethical business standards.In September 2021, CP Group raised $150 million from existing investors, raising the valuation of its Ascend Money subsidiary to $1.5 billion.

 Subsidiaries 

 Charoen Pokphand Foods 

Known as Charoen Pokphand Foods Plc., (CPF). It was established in 1978 with operations in animal feed production, livestock breeding, further processing and trade. Currently, CPF invests overseas in nine countries, has subsidiaries in 17 countries  and exports to over 40 countries. Furthermore, CPF is today the leading producer of feed and one of the largest producers of poultry in the world. Charoen Pokphand Foods is listed in the Stock Exchange of Thailand under the code: CPF.
CP Foods has a revenue of approximately US$14 billion (2012), with a market capitalization of over US$8 billion (2012)

 CP ALL 

CP ALL Public Company Limited is the flagship company of the Charoen Pokphand Group's marketing and distribution business. It is the Thai licensee of 7-Eleven since 1989 and operates  12,000 convenience stores under that trademark in Thailand. This is the third largest number of stores after the United States and Japan.

 7-Eleven 
CP All Plc. is the sole operator of 7-Eleven convenience stores in Thailand. The CP Group acquired the rights to distribute the convenience store in 1987. The first 7-Eleven outlet was opened in 1989 on Patpong Road in Bangkok. As of 2020, the company had a total of 11,700 stores nationwide employing 170,000 workers. Of the total, 4,245 stores are in Bangkok and vicinity (44 percent) and 5,297 stores are in provincial areas (56 percent). There are 4,205 corporate-owned stores (44 percent), 4,645 franchise stores (49 percent), and 692 sub-area license stores (seven percent). An average of 11.7 million customers visit 7-Eleven stores each day. In 2016, the company expanded another 710 new stores both as stand-alone stores and stores at PTT gas stations. At the end of 2014, the company had 8,210 stand-alone stores (86 percent) and 1,332 stores in PTT gas stations (14 percent). The company has plans to open approximately 700 new stores annually, with the goal of 10,000 stores in 2017.

 True Corporation 

The Telecommunications Business Group was established during the late 1980s. Known as True Corporation Plc, True offers a ‘convergence’ of voice, video and data services across its integrated communications platform. Based in Bangkok, True currently services more than 23 million subscribers to its various services, which includes Thailand's third-largest mobile operator (TrueMove), the country's largest broadband and dial-up internet provider, largest fixed-line phone operator in Bangkok Metropolitan Area, electronic cash and payment services, personal communication telephone, data services, VoIP services, online portals, online games and is the only nationwide cable-TV provider (TrueVisions). True Corporation is listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand under the code: TRUE
True Corporation generated approximately US$3.1 billion in revenue in 2012, it has a market capitalization of about US$4.3 billion (2013). It is spinning off its infrastructure operations into a new telecommunications fund set to IPO at about US$1.8 billion, putting the group's total value at about US$5 billion.On November 22, 2021, Telenor and Charoen Pokphand Group, officially announced they have agreed to explore a USD 8.6 billion merger plan between Thailand’s second and third largest telecom operators (by subscribers), True Corporation (TRUE) and Total Access Communication (DTAC) – The proposed merger is subject to regulatory approvals. The merger was "acknowledged" by the regulator NBTC at a meeting on October 20, 2022. The newly merged company still retain the True Corporation name, which was founded on March 1, 2023 and it was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand under the stock ticker symbol TRUE on March 3, 2023.

 Ascend Group 

Founded in 2014 as a spin-off of True Corporation, Ascend Group handles the e-commerce, online retail, logistics and fulfillment component of CP Group. It marked its $150-million expansion by launching their affiliates in the Philippines and Indonesia, Vietnam, and also hard to reach economies like Myanmar and Cambodia. Ventures are classified under major subsidiaries: Ascend Commerce, Ascend Money and Ascend Capital, along with smaller independent ventures like TrueIDC and Egg Digital.

 Lotus Supercenter 
CP Lotus Corporation is a retail operation in China.

 C.P. Pokphand Co., Ltd. 
Listed in Hong Kong, CPP is one of the world's largest producers of feed and one of China's leading agricultural companies with factories nationwide.

 CP Fresh Mart 
A Thai-based chain selling frozen foods and finished products, now with over 700 branches.

 Dayang Motors 
One of China's leading motorcycle producers Dayang Motors, recently signed a joint venture to begin production of cars in Thailand. Its motorcycles are exported to Southeast Asia, Europe, and Africa.

 Solvay 
In 1989, CP entered the petrochemical business through a joint venture with Solvay, one of Belgium's largest chemical firms. But later sold its stakes.

 Wal-Mart 
In 1994, CP signed a joint venture agreement with American retail giant, Wal-Mart to establish super-retail stores throughout Asia and later dissolved it.

 CP Beverages & Food 
CP B&F is the Beverages arm of CP and was established in 2016 in Bangkok, Thailand. It operates Cafes, QSR, Logistics Brands namely Arabitia Cafe, Jungle Cafe, Farmee, Daily Runner and also is into Export - Import Business. The company now operates in 5 countries - China, Thailand, India, Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar and has 5 subsidiaries - CP B&F India Pvt Ltd, CP B&F (Thailand) Co. Ltd, CP B&F (Cambodia) Co., Ltd. In September 2020, CP B&F (Vietnam) Private Company Limited has been established in Vietnam.

 SAIC Motor-CP 
SAIC Motor-CP Co., Ltd. is a 50-50 joint venture between CP and Chinese automotive manufacturer SAIC Motor. It produces MG vehicles in a manufacturing plant in Chonburi. MG vehicles are distributed in Thailand by MG Sales (Thailand) Co., Ltd.

 CP Future City Development Corporation Limited (CPFC) 
CP Future City Development Corporation Limited (CPFC) is a fully-integrated real estate company, a subsidiary of C.P. Group, established in 2021, CPFC core businesses focus on property development, investment and management.

 Slavery revelations 
After a several-month-long investigation, in 2014 the British newspaper The Guardian reported that Charoen Pokphand (CP) Foods purchases fishmeal, which it then feeds to its farmed prawns, from suppliers that own, operate or buy from fishing boats manned with slaves. The Guardian reported that after the slaves are bought for roughly US$250, the working conditions on those boats include forced labour with 20-hour work days, forced drug use, starvation and executions. CP Foods readily admitted to the use of slave labour in its supply chain.

 Shrimp feed supply chain traceability and audit 
CP Foods produces and sells farmed shrimp. It does not own or operate any fishing vessels. The company has worked to improve the traceability of the fishmeal element of its supply chain since 2012, and broadened this effort to encompass a full traceability system for its farmed shrimp supply chain in 2014. As part of that process, CP Foods has reduced the number of suppliers who provide fishmeal for the production of shrimp feed.
CP Foods has undertaken a full independent, third-party audit of its shrimp feed supply chain (all the way back to the individual fishing boats catching fish for fishmeal production), conducted by a leading international supply chain audit company. Approved by-product fishmeal in shrimp feed is certified "IFFO RS CoC", the highest international benchmark for sustainable fishmeal.

 Shrimp Sustainable Supply Chain Task Force 
CP Foods is a founding member of the Shrimp Sustainable Supply Chain Task Force (SSSC), established in July 2014, which has convened food producers, international retailers, and NGOs to map out a holistic improvement and audit plan for the Thai shrimp industry, and to identify and agree the steps and timetable to increase the sustainability and transparency of the supply chain. The key aim of CP Foods and the SSSC is to ensure that abuse of workers and damage to the maritime ecosystem in the Gulf of Thailand and Andaman Sea is a thing of the past, and to restore trust in the industry.

 References 

 External links 
Corporate website
International Directory of Company Histories, Vol.62: Charoen Pokphand Group, St. James Press, 2004

Poor Things (film)
Poor Things is a 2023 film directed by Yorgos Lanthimos and written by Tony McNamara. It stars Emma Stone, Mark Ruffalo, Willem Dafoe, Ramy Youssef, Christopher Abbott, and Jerrod Carmichael. Based on the 1992 novel by Alasdair Gray, the plot follows Bella Baxter, a young woman in Victorian London, who is resurrected by a scientist following her suicide and embarks on an odyssey of self-discovery.
Poor Things premiered at the 80th Venice International Film Festival on September 1, 2023, where it won the Golden Lion. It was released in the United States on December 8, 2023, and in Ireland and the United Kingdom on January 12, 2024, by Searchlight Pictures. The film was named one of the top 10 films of 2023 by the American Film Institute and the National Board of Review and has grossed $68 million worldwide. It was nominated in 11 categories at the 77th British Academy Film Awards and the 96th Academy Awards, including Best Film and Best Picture, and won two Golden Globe Awards: Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for Stone.

 Plot 
In Victorian London, the medical student Max McCandles becomes an assistant to the eccentric surgeon Godwin Baxter. He falls in love with Godwin's ward, Bella, a childlike young woman. Max learns that a pregnant woman killed herself by leaping off a bridge, and Godwin replaced her brain with that of her unborn fetus, giving the infant Bella an adult's body.
With Godwin's encouragement, Max asks for Bella's hand in marriage. Bella accepts, but as her intelligence rapidly develops, she becomes curious about the outside world. She runs off with a debauched lawyer, Duncan Wedderburn. Deciding to let her go, Godwin starts a new experiment with a young woman, Felicity, who matures much more slowly than Bella.
Bella and Duncan embark on a grand journey, starting in Lisbon, where they have frequent sex. When Bella becomes difficult for him to control,  Duncan smuggles her onto a cruise ship. Bella befriends the passengers Martha and Harry, who open her mind to philosophy. Duncan attempts to stunt her growth, to no avail. He becomes exasperated and indulges in drinking and gambling.
During a stop at Alexandria, Bella witnesses the suffering of the poor and becomes distraught. She entrusts Duncan's winnings to unscrupulous members of the crew, who falsely promise to give it to the needy. Unable to afford the rest of the trip, Bella and Duncan are dropped at Marseille and make their way to Paris.
Seeking money and accommodation, Bella begins working at a brothel. Duncan, enraged, has a breakdown and Bella abandons him. At the brothel, she comes under the tutelage of Madame Swiney and befriends another prostitute, Toinette, who introduces her to socialism.
Godwin, now terminally ill, asks Max to bring Bella to him. Max locates her after tracking down Duncan, who has been institutionalized. In London, Bella reconciles with Godwin and renews her plans to marry Max.
The wedding is interrupted by Duncan and General Alfie Blessington. Alfie, addressing Bella as Victoria, declares that they were married before her disappearance and that he has come to reclaim her. She abandons Max to learn of her past life, but discovers Alfie's violent and sadistic nature and realizes she killed herself to escape him.
Alfie confines Bella to his mansion. He threatens her at gunpoint to submit to genital mutilation, demanding she drink a sedative. She tosses the sedative in his face. Alfie shoots himself in the foot and passes out. Godwin dies peacefully with Bella and Max at his side. Bella decides to carry on Godwin's work with the help of Max and Toinette, and transplants a goat's brain into Alfie's head.

 Cast 

 Production 

 Development 
Produced by Film4 Productions, Element Pictures, TSG Entertainment, and Searchlight Pictures, development on the film began as early as 2009, when Lanthimos went to Scotland to discuss with the author of Poor Things, Alasdair Gray, the acquisition of the rights to his novel. "He was a very lovely man", Lanthimos said, "Unfortunately, he died just a couple of years before we actually made the film, but he was very special and energetic; he was 80-something [when we met], and as soon as I got there, he had seen Dogtooth and said, 'I had my friend put on the DVD, because I don't know how to operate these things, but I think you're very talented, young man.'" Lanthimos said Gray took him on a personal tour of Glasgow, where Gray showed Lanthimos several places that he had incorporated into the story.While filming The Favourite (2018), Lanthimos revisited the project, which he discussed with Emma Stone, who had starred in that film. Lanthimos began developing Poor Things more actively following the success of The Favourite: "After the relative success of The Favourite, where I actually made a slightly more expensive film that was successful, people were more inclined to allow me to do whatever it is that I wanted, so I just went back to Gray's book and said, 'This is what I want to do.' It was a long process, but the book was always on my mind." While developing the film, Lanthimos and Stone collaborated with each other on the short film Bleat (2022).

 Pre-production 
Poor Things was announced in February 2021. Lanthimos felt that working with Stone again gave him an advantage to the production, as they had developed a mutual trust. Stone also discussed how the process of making Poor Things was different in comparison to The Favourite because she also acted as a producer: "It was so interesting to be involved in how the film was being pieced together, from cast to department heads to what have you. Ultimately, Yorgos was the one making those decisions, but I was very involved in the process, which started during the pandemic; we were reaching out to people and casting and everything during that time, because we couldn't go anywhere."

 Casting 
Willem Dafoe entered negotiations to join the cast in March 2021. By April, Ramy Youssef was in talks to join. Dafoe and Youssef were confirmed to join in May, with Mark Ruffalo and Jerrod Carmichael also added to the cast in May. In September, Christopher Abbott was cast. In November, Margaret Qualley and Suzy Bemba were cast, with Kathryn Hunter revealing she had a role in the film as well.
In preparation for her role, Stone took dance lessons and dyed her hair black, which she admitted was accidental. Lanthimos reflected that the dark hair contrasted with Stone's fair complexion so much that they agreed to go forward with the look. Describing her characterization of Bella, Stone was attracted to the idea of portraying a woman reborn with a liberated mindset free from societal pressures: "It's such a fairy tale, and a metaphor—clearly, this can't actually happen—but the idea that you could start anew as a woman, as this body that's already formed, and see everything for the first time and try to understand the nature of sexuality, or power, or money or choice, the ability to make choices and live by your own rules and not society's—I thought that was a really fascinating world to go into." Stone especially appreciated Bella's lack of shame in regards to her experiences:
Even though Bella has obviously been through trauma in her life, it just isn't there for her now. She was the most joyous character in the world to play, because she has no shame about anything. She's new, you know? I've never had to build a character before that didn't have things that had happened to them or had been put on them by society throughout their lives. It was an extremely freeing experience to be her.
Youssef revealed that in preparation for their roles, he and Dafoe attended mortician school. Reflecting on the "experimental theater games" Lanthimos assigned the cast prior filming, Dafoe shared, "You're very patient with everyone, and everyone's patient with you. They need to be confident in what they're doing, because what we're doing is quite risky. It's not a normal film." Additionally, Dafoe spent six hours each day in the hair and makeup department - four hours getting extensive prosthetics applied to his face at the start of the day and two hours to get it all taken off at the end of the day.
Discussing the male characterizations, Lanthimos acknowledged that while each male character was different and had his own individual motivation, they each represented male attitudes typical of the story's Victorian setting. Lanthimos stated: "There are variations, I guess, but in this film, there's a general tendency to try to control [Bella]—even if it's done in a caring or subtle way, in the way that a parent might or that [Dafoe's character] Baxter does, or just being infatuated in the way that Ramy is. You know, being a nice man deep down, but still having the characteristics of a man of that era." Stone also asserted that "the more agency Bella gets, the more she learns and grows, the more it drives these men insane. The more she has an opinion and her own wants and needs and all of that, it makes them crazy; they want her to stay this sort of pure thing."

 Filming 
Principal photography took place in Hungary, beginning in August 2021 at Origo Studios in Budapest and wrapping that December. It is the first feature-film to be partially shot on Kodak's 35mm Ektachrome colour reversal motion picture film stock.

 Influences 
According to cinematographer Robbie Ryan, Francis Ford Coppola's Bram Stoker's Dracula served as the main source of inspiration to everyone making the picture and the movie that was referred to more than most. 
Other films that served as general influences were  Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger’s Black Narcissus, Federico Fellini’s And The Ship Sails On and several films by Roy Andersson.

 Costumes 
Lanthimos worked closely with costume designer Holly Waddington in order to reflect Bella's growth and development through her wardrobe, from the more puffy silhouettes of her childlike era to the nearly corseted gown she wears at the film's climax.
Stone further elaborated on Bella's growth reflected through her costumes, detailing how in the beginning of the story. Bella dresses in more traditional clothing of the era, and, following her transformation, begins to dress herself in more bizarre clothes. Stone said:  "I loved that element of, how would Bella put clothing together with the way her mind works at this point? At the end, there are these very military-looking dresses that look like nothing you've seen Bella wear; things are much more form-fitting and constrained, but that's because she's come to a place where she's grown and decided who she is and what she's going to do. She's not assimilating, necessarily, but there's just more structure there."

 Music 

The film was scored by the pop musician Jerskin Fendrix in his feature composition debut. The soundtrack album was released by Milan Records in conjunction with the film's release date, December 8, 2023. Two singles—"Bella" and "Lisbon"—released on November 14.

 Release 
Poor Things had its world premiere at the 80th Venice International Film Festival on September 1, 2023, and was also screened at the Telluride Film Festival, the New York Film Festival, the BFI London Film Festival, the Busan International Film Festival, and the Sitges Film Festival. The film had a limited theatrical release by Searchlight Pictures in the United States on December 8, 2023, and began a wide release on January 19, 2024. It was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on January 12, 2024. It was previously scheduled to be released on September 8, 2023, but was delayed to its December date due to the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.

 Reception 

 Box office 
As of February 4, 2024, Poor Things has grossed $28.2 million in the United States and Canada, and $40.4 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $68.6 million.In its limited opening weekend, the film made $644,000 from nine theaters, a per-venue average of $71,556 (the third-best of 2023). Expanding to 82 theaters the following weekend the film made $2.2 million, finishing in 10th. In its third weekend the film made $2.4 million from 800 theaters, and a total of $3.4 million over the four-day Christmas frame. Following its 11 Oscar nominations, the film expanded from 900 theaters to 2,300 in its eighth week of release and made $3.08 million, an increase of 43% from the previous weekend. The following weekend it made $2.2 million.

 Critical response 
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 92% of 344 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 8.5/10. The website's consensus reads: "Wildly imaginative and exhilaratingly over the top, Poor Things is a bizarre, brilliant tour de force for director Yorgos Lanthimos and star Emma Stone." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 87 out of 100, based on 61 critics, indicating "universal acclaim". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale, while 68% of those polled by PostTrak called the film "excellent," with 75% saying they would definitely recommend it.Stephanie Zacharek of Time wrote that Poor Things is "Lanthimos' finest movie so far, a strange, gorgeous-looking picture that extends generosity both to its characters and the audience". She found Stone's performance "wonderful—vital, exploratory, almost lunar in its perfect oddness." Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian called it a "virtuoso comic epic" and added that Stone had given a "hilarious, beyond-next-level performance". David Rooney of The Hollywood Reporter termed it "an insanely enjoyable fairy tale", adding that Stone "gorges on it in a fearless performance that traces an expansive arc most actors could only dream about". Variety's Guy Lodge also believed that the film "rests on a single astonishing performance by Stone".BBC Culture's Nicholas Barber found the film "outrageous and hilarious", comparing it to the work of Wes Anderson and Terry Gilliam. The review also noted that the novel's realistic nineteenth-century setting had been changed to a fantastical "steam-punk wonderland", and that some of its satirical humor and most of its socialist and feminist themes had been toned down. Reviews by The Guardian, Variety and Entertainment Weekly also underline the steampunk elements of the setting. Conversely, Manohla Dargis, chief critic of The New York Times, was not as impressed. She felt the story became more "monotonal, flat and dull" over time, writing that the movie's "design is rich, its ideas thin. ... It isn't long into Poor Things that you start to feel as if you were being bullied into admiring a movie that's so deeply self-satisfied there really isn't room for the two of you." Nevertheless, she too lauded Stone's acting.Ramin Setoodeh and Zack Sharf in Variety commented, "But not everyone loved Poor Things. A stream of [Venice] theatergoers bolted for the exit during some of the racier scenes." Mick LaSalle at the San Francisco Chronicle called the film "a 141-minute mistake" and asserted, "Worst of all, it's dishonest. It purports to be a feminist document, but it defines a woman's autonomy as the ability to be exploited and not care. ... What version of feminism are these guys — Lanthimos and screenwriter Tony McNamara — trying to sell us here?" Film critic Scott Mantz applauded LaSalle's post, finding the film "a seriously misguided take on female empowerment", though he praised the film's ambition and production values.Angelica Jade Bastién of Vulture warned readers, "This isn’t a sincere treatise on female sexuality, it’s a dark comedy for people who carry around an NPR tote bag," and criticized the film for failing to take a "sincere interest in the interior conflicts" of its female protagonist. Bastién identified the decision to make Bella Baxter mentally a child as the "primary failure of Poor Things’ sex scenes," citing Bella's depiction as an example of the 'born sexy yesterday' trope. "In many ways," she commented, "the film demonstrates the limits of the modern cis-male auteur’s vision for and about women — particularly their sexual selves." Praise was saved for Holly Waddington's costuming which Bastién declared "the greatest triumph of the film."The film has been subject to scrutiny in Gray's native Scotland due to its seeming disregard for the source material and its Scottish roots, with online documentary channel Ossian presenting a portrayal of the true origins of Poor Things and its original Scottish setting. Those closest to Gray have suggested that Lanthimos's interpretation of the source material was something Gray himself agreed to in the early 2010s, when contractual terms for a screenplay were drawn up.

 Accolades 

Poor Things won the Golden Lion at the 80th Venice International Film Festival. At the 81st Golden Globe Awards, it received seven nominations and won Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for Stone. At the 29th Critics' Choice Awards, it received thirteen nominations, winning for Best Actress. It received eleven nominations at the 77th British Academy Film Awards. The American Film Institute and the National Board of Review named Poor Things one of 10 best films of the year. It was shortlisted in three categories for the 96th Academy Awards, and received 11 nominations, including Best Picture.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Poor Things at IMDb

Chennai Metro
Chennai Metro is a rapid transit system serving the city of Chennai, India. As of January 2024, the operational network consists of two colour-coded lines covering a length of 54 kilometres (33.55 mi) making it the fourth longest metro system in India. Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL), a joint venture between Government of India and the Government of Tamil Nadu built and operates the Chennai Metro. The system uses standard gauge and has a mix of underground and elevated stations.
Planning for the metro started in 2007-08 with the construction commencing in February 2009. Testing began in 2014 and the Commissioner of Metro Rail Safety approved the operations in January 2015. On 29 June 2015, commercial operations started between Alandur and Koyambedu stations on the green line and on 21 September 2016, operations on the green line was extended to Chennai Airport and Little Mount. Commercial operations commenced in the first underground section between Thirumangalam to Nehru Park on 14 May 2017 and extended to Chennai central on 25 May 2018.
In May 2018, operations on the blue line commenced between Saidapet and AG-DMS with the extended underground stretch from AG-DMS to Washermanpet of blue line commencing operations on 10 February 2019 completing the phase 1 of the metro. As of 2023, three more lines are under construction covering a length of 116.1 kilometres (72.14 mi) in the second phase and Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System is planned to be taken over by Chennai Metro.

 History 
Chennai had an established sub network which started operating in 1931 with a single metre gauge line from Chennai Beach to Tambaram and two more lines were added connecting Chennai Central with Arakkonam and Gummidipoondi in 1985. In 1965, the Planning Commission set up a team to study to assess the adequacy and limitation of existing transport facilities, to determine the feasibility of different modes of transport and recommend phased programmes for development of transport facilities in major cities including Madras. As a result, the first phase of Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System, India's first elevated line between Chennai Beach and Thirumayilai, opened in 1995 with an extension to Velachery in 2007. In 2007, a modern metro rail system was planned for Chennai modeled after the Delhi Metro.

 Construction 
Phase IIn 2007–08, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) was tasked with preparing a detailed project report on the implementation of metro system in Chennai. Seven lines were planned by the DMRC for the Chennai metro network and the first phase was planned with two lines covering 45.1 km (28.02 mi) with 25 km (15.53 mi) being underground which was approved by Government of India on 7 November 2007. On 7 November 2007, Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL), a SPV created by a joint venture between Government of India and Government of Tamil Nadu to execute the project. The Planning commission gave in-principle approval for the project on 16 April 2008. The estimated base cost of phase I was ₹3,770 crore (US$470 million) of which 57% was loaned by Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).In February 2009, a ₹199 crore (US$25 million) contract for the construction of a 4.5 km (2.80 mi) long viaduct along the Inner Ring Road and the construction started on 10 June 2009 with the piling work for the elevated viaduct between Koyambedu and Ashok Nagar stretch. In March 2009, a US$30 million contract was awarded to a consortium of five companies headed by French company Egis for technical consultancy on the project. In August 2010, the contract for supplying rolling stock was awarded to Alstom at a cost of US$243 million. In December 2010, DMRC submitted a report for extending Corridor-I from Washemenpet to Wimco Nagar, a distance of 9 km (5.59 mi). In January 2011, a joint venture between Larsen and Toubro and Alstom was awarded the contract for design and construction of track works and a depot at Koyambedu for ₹449.22 crore (US$56 million). In June 2011, further tenders for the elevated stations of the first phase were awarded to Consolidated Construction Consortium. The contract for supply of lifts and escalators was awarded to a joint venture of Johnson Lifts and SJEC Corporation. In February 2011, contracts were awarded for the construction of underground sections of the first phase to Gammon India and Mosmetrostroy. The contract for power supply and overhead electrification was awarded to Siemens for ₹305 crore (US$38 million) and contracts for automatic fare collection (AFC), tunnel ventilation and air conditioning were awarded to Nippon Signal, Emirates Trading Agency and Voltas respectively.In July 2012, the first tunnel boring machine was launched and by October 2012, eleven machines were commissioned to bore tunnels along the underground stretch by three consortiums, namely Afcons-Transtonnelstroy, L&T and SUCG. On 6 November 2013, test run was conducted along a stretch of 1 km (0.62 mi) track. On 14 February 2014, the maiden trial run for the metro was conducted between Koyambedu and Ashok Nagar stations. In August 2014, the metro received the statutory speed certification clearance from the Research Design and Standards Organisation. In January 2015, a report was submitted to the Commissioner of Metro Rail Safety for approval. In April 2015, the Commissioner of Metro Rail Safety inspected the rolling stock and submitted a report to the Railway Board.On 29 June 2015, commercial operations started between Alandur and Koyambedu stations on the green line. On 21 September 2016, commercial operations commenced between Airport and Little Mount. On 14 May 2017, operations commenced in the first underground line between Thirumangalam to Nehru Park which was extended to Chennai central on 25 May 2018. In May 2018, operations on the blue line commenced between Saidapet and AG-DMS. On 10 February 2019, the underground stretch from AG-DMS to Washermanpet of blue line was opened, completing 45 km (28 mi) phase 1 of the metro.
Phase 1 ExtensionA 9 kilometres (5.59 mi) northern extension of the blue line running from Washermanpet to Wimco Nagar was planned with an underground section for the first 4 km (2.49 mi) until Tondiarpet after which it becomes elevated, consisting of nine stations. Construction started in July 2016 with trial runs in December 2020 and the line opened for passenger traffic on 14 February 2021 increasing the length of the operational metro system to 54 km (33.55 mi).

 Expansion 
Phase IIIn July 2016, Government of Tamil Nadu was announced that Chennai Metro Phase 2 would have three lines totaling 104 km (64.62 mi) in length and have 104 stations. In July 2017, the state government announced an extension in Phase II, involving an extension of Line 4 from Lighthouse up to Poonamallee with a new interesection with the Madhavaram–Sholinganallur line at Alwarthirunagar. The final proposed length was 116.1 km (72.14 mi) and it was estimated to cost ₹36,000 crore (US$4.5 billion) of which ₹4,710 crore (US$590 million) was loaned by JICA.Foundation stone for phase II was laid on 20 November 2020 and construction commenced on 1 June 2021. On 14 February 2021, Prime Minister of India announced that the government has set aside ₹63,000 crore (US$7.9 billion) for the construction of phase II and further extension. In November 2022, Alstom was awarded the contract to supply metro coaches for the phase II expansion.
MRTS IntegrationThe Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) will be handed over to CMRL by the Southern Railway once the expansion of MRTS is complete and the entire system will be upgraded including tracks, security, ticketing system and rolling stock. On 11 May 2022, Indian Railways granted in-principle approval for the Chennai Metro to takeover the MRTS.
FutureCMRL has also proposed a phase 1 southern extension and a light metro. It has also proposed the construction of new rail depots and the development of Central Square around CMRL headquarters with commercial complexes and multi-storied buildings. Phase III of Chennai metro has also been planned as a part of the Chennai Comprehensive Mobility Plan. CMRL will also aid in the development of metro rail transport in the cities of Coimbatore, Tiruchirapalli and Madurai.
Proposed

 Network 
The commercial operations of Chennai metro started between Alandur and Koyambedu stations on the green line on 29 June 2015 with further expansions in September 2016, May 2017 and May 2018 connecting Chennai airport with Chennai central. In May 2018, operations on the blue line commenced between Saidapet and AG-DMS with further expansion in February 2019 to Washermanpet completing 45 km (27.96 mi) in phase 1. A 9 kilometres (5.59 mi) northern extension of the blue line running from Washermanpet to Wimco Nagar was opened for passenger traffic on 14 February 2021 increasing the length of the operational metro system to 54 km (33.55 mi). The metro system provides inter connections with various other transportation modes in the city including the suburban railway, MRTS; main railway line at Chennai Central, Egmore and Tambaram; Chennai International Airport and Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus.
OperationalUnder Construction

 Infrastructure 
Chennai Metro runs on 1,435 mm (4 ft 8+1⁄2 in) standard gauge and the lines are double-tracked. The average speed of operation is 85 kilometres per hour (53 mph) and maximum speed is 120 kilometres per hour (75 mph).

 Rolling stock 
Alstom supplies the rolling stock for Chennai Metro. The first nine train sets were imported from Brazil and the remaining were manufactured at a new facility set up near Chennai. For Phase I, Alstom supplied 520 train-sets composed of four coaches each with each car measuring 300 metres (984 ft 3 in) in length. The trains are air-conditioned with electrically operated automatic sliding doors and have a first-class compartment with a dedicated section reserved for women.The trains operate on 25 kV AC traction catenary system with a maximum speed of 120 kilometres per hour (75 mph). The trains are connected to the grid via overhead electric cables and are equipped with regenerative braking with a capacity to recover 30–35% of the energy during braking. The metro consumes an average of 70 MW of power daily and the electricity is supplied by Tamil Nadu Electricity Board. Chennai Metro also uses solar power that generates 6.4 MWp which is about 12-15% of the energy requirement.

 Stations 

A total of 40 stations are operational along the two lines of the Phase 1 with 22 underground stations. In the underground sections, a walkway runs along the length with cross passages every 250 metres (820 ft 3 in) for the maintenance and emergency evacuation. The underground stations have an average width of 200 metres (656 ft 2 in) and average depth of 20 feet (6.1 m) from the ground level. The length of the stations in Phase 1 extension is 180 metres (590 ft 7 in). The elevated stations have three levels with the concourse level at a minimum height of 5.5 metres (18 ft 1 in) above the ground level and platform level above the concourse while the underground stations have two levels with platform screen doors. The stations are air-conditioned and are equipped to be disabled and elderly friendly, with automatic fare collection system, announcement system, electronic display boards, escalators and lifts. Paid parking facilities are available for two wheelers in most stations and four wheelers in select stations.

 Depots 
Chennai Metro maintains a major depot at Koyambedu covering an area of 26 ha (64 acres) which houses maintenance workshops, stabling lines, test tracks and a washing plant for the trains. In 2022, an elevated depot at Wimco Nagar covering an area of 3.5 ha (8.6 acres) commenced operations with facilities for inspection, emergency repair and a washing plant.

 Operations 
As of 2022, the metro operates trains from 5 AM to 11 PM with an average frequency of one train every 6 minutes in peak hours and every 12 minutes in lean hours in the blue line and one train every 12 minutes in peak hours and every 18 minutes in lean hours in the green line. The main operational control center (OCC) is located in Koyambedu where the movement of trains and real-time CCTV footage obtained is monitored.

 Fare and ticketing 
The minimum fare is ₹10 and the maximum fare is ₹50.There are six types of tickets issued by CMRL for travel in Chennai Metro.
Single journey tokens, which need to be purchased each time for every journey at the ticket counter or in ticket vending machines available at all stations.
Stored value cards (SVC) are pre-paid, rechargeable, travel cards that can be purchased at any ticket counter against a refundable deposit, can be recharged up to at any ticket counter or in automated ticket vending machines at stations and offers discounted fares.
Trip cards are for applicable for travel between the same two stations and are available in varied combinations and validity with discounted fares.
Tourist cards provide the cardholders unlimited rides on the Chennai metro system for one day.
QR Tickets for single and return journey tickets can be bought through the CMRL mobile app with QR code ticket scanners at stations.
Singara Chennai card, a co-branded card launched in 2023 in association with State Bank of India which can be used to access all major other metro and select bus transport systems in India.

 Accidents and incidents 
In August 2012, a construction worker was killed and six others were seriously injured due to a crane boom failure near Pachaiyappa's College. On 10 January 2013, a 22-year-old construction worker was killed and three others were injured at a metro rail site between Alandur and St Thomas Mount. On 11 January 2014, a crane toppled over, killing a 20-year-old construction worker and seriously injuring one other worker at the construction site of Saidapet station. On 17 June 2015, a 30-year-old man was killed on the spot and another motorcyclist injured when an iron rod fell on them at an under construction metro rail station near Officers Training Academy at St. Thomas Mount.

 Criticism 
Chennai Metro is the second most expensive in terms of ticket cost per kilometer in the country after Mumbai Metro. The fares were temporarily slashed by up to ₹20 by the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu in February 2021 with the maximum fare capped at ₹40. In 2019, the Madras High Court questioned the state government on the scientific method it adopted in constructing the tunnels without disturbing the water bodies in the city.

 Awards and honors 
Chennai Metro Rail Limited was awarded the "National Project Excellence Award" on 20 August 2019 by Project Management Associates (PMA) India.

 See also 
Transport in Chennai
Urban rail transit in India

 References 

 External links 

Official website

Confederation of Cologne
The Confederation of Cologne was a medieval military alliance formed to combat the Kingdom of Denmark. It was established on November 19, 1367 by several cities in the Hanseatic League, several cities in Holland and Zeeland, and towns in Zuiderzee.Though originally only meant as a method of containing the growing Danish threat, the Confederation would remain intact for another 15 years after the signing of the Treaty of Stralsund, which concluded the Danish-Hanseatic War (1361-1370). The alliance would set financial and military measures, along with establishing certain mercantile traditions that would be standardized across the Hanseatic sphere of influence.

 Background 
Denmark, under the reign of King Valdemar IV had spent much of his reign reducing the autonomy of his nobility, seizing crown land, and creating a stable financial situation. With his kingdom secured, Valdemar sought to expand his influence. He conquered Scania from Sweden in 1360, and conquered Gotland as well in 1361 after a decisive victory at the Battle of Visby. 
Both Visby and Gotland were regions that were under the Hanseatic League's sphere of influence, so the League went to war with Denmark. However, the League nearly lost the Danish-Hanseatic War at the Battle of Helsingborg and negotiated a truce with Denmark at Vordingborg (1365).
In 1367, the Hansetag met in the Rhenish city of Cologne to formalize a military alliance, and the Hanseatic cities of Lübeck, Rostock, Stralsund, Wismar, Kulm, and Thorn, along with the Dutch cities of Elbing, Kampen, Harderwyk, Elburg, Amsterdam and Briel were present. Cologne was chosen due to it being closer to the Dutch cities, the Dutch being vital to Hanseatic interests in the war.

 Terms of the Confederation 
Economically, the Confederation agreed upon certain measures to enforce. Taxes were to be levied on all goods in member ports, and to simplify collection, specific currencies were chosen for each major region of the Hanseatic League, specifically the currencies of Lubeck, Flanders, Pomerania, Prussia, and Livonia.
Militarily, all members of the Confederation had a fixed amount of ships and men to provide. Departure dates for cities throughout the Baltic and North Sea were also decided upon, to ensure the combined Confederate navy could assemble in the Oresund for a final assault on Denmark.
The original language of the treaty is not Latin like most Medieval texts, but in Middle Low German, the language used by the Hanseatic cities.

 History 
At first, the Confederation did not receive much support from some Hanseatic cities. Bremen and Hamburg, for example, were exhausted due to previous wars, and refused to provide any military support, though financial aid was granted. Inland Hanseatic towns, which were not affected by the maritime war against Denmark, refused to aid at all. The Westphalian towns in particular failed to even subsidize the Confederation at all.
Despite these setbacks, the Confederation managed to secure alliances with Sweden, Mecklenburg, and Holstein. They also acquired alliances with Danish nobles that were angry at Valdemar IV. Together, the Confederation broke the truce of Vordingborg and resumed war with Denmark. In the following years, the Confederation humiliated Denmark, sacked Copenhagen, and enforced a peace at Stralsund in 1370. The years following the aftermath of the war mark the Golden Age of the Hanseatic League.In 1385, when the Hanseatic League finally relinquished control of Danish forts in Scania, multiple cities in the Confederation debated whether or not keeping the Confederation together was worthwhile. There was no reason to keep a military alliance together anymore, for the Danish king at the time was loyal to the Hanseatic League (due to the terms of the Treaty of Stralsund). Though the Teutonic Order, which represented the interests of Prussian towns, wished to continue the Confederation, other towns decided to disband the alliance, as they wished to be more free to pursue their own desires than have to continuously subsidize operations that did not benefit them.
Though the Confederation of Cologne ended in 1385, it provided the cohesion that the Hansa would need in future wars against Denmark. Despite it not being a permanent model for future Hanseatic agreements, it nonetheless was considered an impressive alliance, and multiple groups in the 15th century attempted to replicate it, with no success. These attempted confederations are known as Tohopesaten.

 References 

 External links 
original wording of the treaty

Rembang Regency
Rembang Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Rembang) is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) on the extreme northeast coast of Central Java Province, on the island of Java (bordering on the Java Sea) in Indonesia. The regency covers an area of 1,036.70 km2 on Java, and it had a population of 591,359 at the 2010 Census and 645,333 at the 2020 Census; the official estimate as of mid-2022 was 650,770, of whom 327,196 were males and 323,574 were females. Its administrative capital is the town of Rembang.

 Geography 
It is a lowland, with a maximum elevation of about 70 metres (230 ft) above sea level.
The Solo River flows through its inland section.
The regency is crossed by the North Coast Road, an inter-province main road on the island.

 Borders 
Rembang Regency is bordered by:
North : Java Sea
East : Tuban Regency in East Java Province
South : Blora Regency
West : Pati Regency

 Administrative districts 
The regency is divided into fourteen districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census, together with the official estimates as of mid-2022. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages in each district (totaling 287 rural desa and 7 urban kelurahan - the latter all in Rembang town District), and its post-code.

Note: (a) Rembang (town) District comprises 7 urban kelurahan (Gegunung Kulon, Kutoharjo, Leteh, Magersari, Pacar, Sidowayah and Tanjungsari) and 27 rural desa.

 Climate 
Rembang has a tropical monsoon climate (Am) with moderate to little rainfall from May to October and heavy rainfall from November to April.

 Lasem 
During the colonial Dutch East Indies period, the area was known as Lasem.
The Han family of Lasem was a prominent Chinese immigrant family of colonial government bureaucrats and landlords in the area.

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Rembang Regency at Wikimedia Commons
(in Indonesian) Official website

Shmuel Hayyim
Shmuel Hayyim (HE: שמואל חיים) (born 1891 - died 1931), also known as Shmuel Eshagh Effendi or Monsieur Hayyim, was a Persian Jewish journalist, leader of the Iranian Jewish community, a Zionist, and a member of the Majlis (Iranian Parliament).

 Biography 
Hayyim was born in Kermanshah. He studied in the Alliance Israelite Universelle schools in Kermanshah and learned foreign languages. He was employed in the customs office in 1914 and made good connections with the British embassy in Iran. He came to Tehran in 1920 and started working as a Journalist. He founded Ha-Hayyim, a newspaper geared toward Iranian Jews and published between 1922 and 1925. The majority of the articles published in Ha-Hayyim were in Persian, but also included some Hebrew articles.
Hayyim used the political power of his newspaper to encourage Jewish Iranians to pursue more equal political rights. He wrote articles considered by some to be inflammatory for criticizing the Iranian government for not giving Jews enough protection, and for failing to abolish religious and persecutory laws against Jews. In one case in which a Jewish Iranian citizen was publicly beaten by the police for the perceived (and unproven) crime of stealing, Hayyim contacted the League of Nations to bring attention to the persecution of Iranian Jewry by their own government. This incident drew Reza Shah's attention to police conduct; the subsequent negative attention this incident brought Iran on the international stage caused Reza Shah to publicly punish the police officer who carried out the beating, thus creating an enemy against Hayyim in the police force. This, along with Hayyim's use of his newspaper to spread Zionism among Iranian Jews, further created enemies for him inside and outside of the government, and ostensibly sealed his fate after his arrest.
He became a candidate for the majles (Iranian parliament) in 1923 and won with a landslide victory. However, Reza Khan, likely misinformed by Hayyim's political opponents, felt threatened by what he perceived as Hayyim's political ambitions, and had him arrested before the sixth parliamentary elections. Hayyim's arrest led to his losing the election to Ayoub Loghman Nehourai. Hayyim was later falsely charged with conspiracy to murder the Shah and attempting to overthrow the monarchy in favor of a republic - charges that were never substantiated, and later proven to have been instigated as rumors by his political rivals. He was tried in a military tribunal and condemned to death. After being held in prison for six years, he was abruptly executed by firing squad in 1931.

 References 

 Further reading 
Rahimiyan, Orly R. (2010). "Haïm, Shemu'el". In Norman A. Stillman (ed.). Encyclopedia of Jews in the Islamic World. Brill Online.

Björn Ulvaeus
Björn Kristian Ulvaeus (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈbjœːɳ ɵlˈvěːɵs] ; born 25 April 1945) is a Swedish musician, singer, songwriter, and producer best known as a member of the musical group ABBA. He is also the co-composer of the musicals Chess, Kristina från Duvemåla, and Mamma Mia!  He co-produced the films Mamma Mia! and Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again with fellow ABBA member and close friend Benny Andersson. He is the oldest member of the group.

 Early life 
Björn Kristian Ulvæus was born in Gothenburg on 25 April 1945. In 1951, he moved with his family to Västervik, Kalmar County. His parents were Aina Eliza Viktoria (née Bengtsson; 1909–2005) and Erik Gunnar Ulvaeus (1912–1999). Ulvaeus has one sister, Eva Margareta (born 1948). Ulvaeus studied business and law at Lund University after undertaking his military service, alongside comedian Magnus Holmström.

 Career 

 Pre-ABBA 
Before gaining international recognition with ABBA, Ulvaeus was a member of the Swedish folk-schlager band Hootenanny Singers, known earlier as the "West Bay Singers", who had an enormous following in Scandinavia. While on the road in southern Sweden in 1966, they encountered the Hep Stars, and Ulvaeus quickly became friends with the group's keyboard player, Benny Andersson. The two musicians shared a passion for songwriting, and each found a composing partner in the other. On meeting again that summer, they composed their first song together: "Isn't It Easy To Say", a song soon to be recorded by Andersson's group. The two continued teaming up for music, helping out each other's bands in the recording studio, and adding guitar or keyboards respectively to the recordings. In 1968, they composed two songs together: "A Flower in My Garden", recorded by Hep Stars, and their first real hit "Ljuva Sextiotal", performed by popular Swedish artist Brita Borg, for which Stig Anderson wrote lyrics. The latter, a cabarét-style ironic song about the 1960s, was submitted for the 1969 Swedish heats for the Eurovision Song Contest, but was rejected; it was later recorded by diva Brita Borg. Another hit came in 1969 with "Speleman", also recorded by Hep Stars.While filming a nostalgic schlager special for television in May 1969, Björn met eighteen-year-old future wife and singer-songwriter Agnetha Fältskog.
Björn Ulvaeus continued recording and touring with Hootenanny Singers to great acclaim while working as in-house producer at Polar Record Company (headed by future manager Stig Anderson), with Benny as his new partner. The twosome produced records by other artists and continued writing songs together. Polar artist Arne Lamberts Swedish version of "A Flower in My Garden" ("Fröken Blåklint") was one of Björn & Benny's first in-house productions. In December 1969, they recorded the new song "She's My Kind of Girl", which became their first single as a duo. It was released in March 1970, giving them a minor hit in Sweden and a top-ten hit in Japan two years later.
The Hootenanny Singers entered Svensktoppen, the Swedish radio charts, in 1970 with "Omkring Tiggarn Från Luossa", a cover of an old folk-schlager song. It remained on the charts for 52 consecutive weeks, a record which endured until 1990; the song was produced by Björn and Benny, and had Ulvaeus's solo vocal and Benny's piano.

 ABBA years 

Björn Ulvaeus's girlfriend Agnetha Fältskog eventually joined Björn&Benny becoming Björn, Benny & Agnetha, Frida eventually shortening it to ABBA. Björn was the guitar player in the band, but he also sang lead vocals in the following songs: People Need Love, Merry Go Round, Santa Rosa, Another Town Another Train, I Saw It in the Mirror, Love Isn't Easy (But It Sure Is Hard Enough), He Is Your Brother, Rock'n Roll Band, She's My Kind of Girl, Honey Honey, Sitting in the Palmtree, King King Song, Watch Out, Man in the Middle, Rock Me, Crazy World, Why Did It Have To Be Me?, Summer Night City, Does Your Mother Know, Two for the Price Of One.
Björn got divorced with Agnetha Fältskog and the band broke up shortly after the divorce.

 Post-ABBA 
After ABBA went on hiatus in 1982, Ulvaeus and Andersson created the musicals Chess, a collaboration with lyricist Tim Rice, Kristina från Duvemåla (based on The Emigrants novels by Swedish writer Vilhelm Moberg), and Mamma Mia! (based on ABBA songs).
Together with Andersson, Ulvaeus was nominated for the Drama Desk Award in the category "Outstanding Music" (for the musical Chess), and for a Tony Award in a category "Best Orchestrations" (for the musical Mamma Mia!). The original cast recordings for both musicals were nominated for a Grammy Award.
For the 2004 semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest in Istanbul, thirty years after ABBA had won the 1974 contest in Brighton, UK, Ulvaeus appeared briefly in a special comedy video made for the interval act, entitled "Our Last Video". Each of the four members of the group appeared briefly in cameo roles, as did others such as Cher and Rik Mayall. The video was not included in the official DVD release of the Eurovision Contest, but was issued as a separate DVD release. It was billed as the first time the four had worked together since the group split. In fact, they each filmed their appearances separately.
Ulvaeus also shared with Andersson "The Special International Ivor Novello Award" from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors, "The Music Export Prize" from the Swedish Ministry of Industry and Trade (2008), and "Lifetime Achievement Award" from the Swedish Music Publishers Association (SMFF).
On 15 April 2013, it was officially announced by the EBU and the SVT that Ulvaeus and Andersson, with the late Swedish DJ and record producer Avicii, had composed the anthem for the 2013 Eurovision Song Contest. The song was performed for the first time in the Final on 18 May.In 2016 American media reported that British entrepreneur Simon Fuller had approached Ulvaeus and other members of Abba with his idea to create a virtual reality Abba using new technology.  In November that year Fuller was photographed in London meeting with Ulvaeus.  In September 2017, Benny Andersson told Swedish newspaper Expressen that there were plans for ABBA to tour "virtually", using digital avatars of the group and Ulvaeus told the BBC that the idea had been proposed to the band by Simon Fuller. In April 2018, the four members issued a statement saying that during preparations for the tour, they had regrouped with Fuller in the studio and recorded two new songs, titled "I Still Have Faith in You" and "Don't Shut Me Down".In 2019, Ulvaeus worked with Swedish songwriter Andreas Carlsson to arrange an English dub of Tomas Ledin's jukebox musical film En del av mitt hjärta (English: A Piece of My Heart) directed by Edward af Sillén. Ulvaeus was asked to write English lyrics for Ledin's songs as they are long-term friends.In 2020, Björn Ulvaeus has been appointed President of CISAC, the International Confederation of Societies of Authors and Composers.On 2 September 2021, via YouTube livestream, ABBA announced their virtual concert residency  "ABBA Voyage", as well as the release of a studio album, recorded between 2017 and 2021. The new record, their first in 40 years, features ten tracks, including "I Still Have Faith In You" and "Don't Shut Me Down", which were first shown in the aforementioned livestream event and released as a double A-side single. On 5 November 2021, the Voyage album was released worldwide, and on 27 May 2022, ABBA Voyage opened in a purpose-built venue named the ABBA Arena at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London.
Since November 2021, Ulvaeus and British actor Sir Ian McKellen have posted Instagram videos featuring the pair knitting Christmas jumpers and other festive attire. In 2023, it was revealed that Ulvaeus and McKellen would be knitting stagewear for Kylie Minogue as part of her More Than Just a Residency concert residency at Voltaire at The Venetian Las Vegas.In October 2023, it was confirmed that Ulvaeus would be the keynote speaker for The Business Day at Bridlington Spa in the United Kingdom on Friday 7 June 2024. Ulvaeus is expected to discuss the creation of ABBA Voyage, leadership, entrepreneurship, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Technology, Innovation, Meta Data and the complexity of business in the music industry.

 Personal life 
On 6 July 1971, Ulvaeus married Agnetha Fältskog. They had two children: Linda Elin Ulvaeus (born 23 February 1973), and Peter Christian Ulvaeus (born 4 December 1977). The couple separated in early 1979, and their divorce was finalised in July 1980. 
Ulvaeus married music journalist Lena Källersjö on 6 January 1981. They have two daughters: Emma Eleonora (born 3 January 1982) and Anna Linnea (born 29 April 1986). Ulvaeus and Källersjö lived on a private island in Djursholm, an upscale area in Danderyd Municipality north of Stockholm. From 1984 to 1990 they lived in the United Kingdom, where Ulvaeus founded an IT business with his brother. In February 2022, Ulvaeus and Källersjö announced their separation.Ulvaeus is one of the four owners (along with Per Gessle) of NoteHeads, a Swedish company which publishes the music notation program Igor Engraver.Ulvaeus is a member of the International Humanist and Ethical Union's Swedish member organisation Humanisterna, and was awarded their annual prize, Hedenius-priset, in 2006. Ulvaeus describes himself as an atheist. He has appeared on several shows discussing his views about religion.Ulvaeus suffered from severe long-term memory loss. However, in a 2009 interview, he stated that reports of his memory loss were "hugely exaggerated". In a TV interview with Fredrik Skavlan, Ulvaeus said the memory loss pertained to episodic memory. He said that, for instance, he was not nostalgic for his days with ABBA: "It was good while it lasted."The Guardian called him Sweden's "highest-profile cash-free campaigner", explaining that "after his son was robbed several years ago, Ulvaeus became an evangelist for the electronic payment movement, claiming that cash was the primary cause of crime and that 'all activity in the black economy requires cash'". He has reportedly been living cash-free for more than a year, and ABBA The Museum has operated cash-free since it opened in May 2013.

 Tax vindication 
The Swedish Tax Agency accused Björn Ulvaeus of failing to pay 90 million kronor (US$12.8 million) in back taxes for eight years ending in 2005. The agency claimed that he "laundered" his music royalty income through institutions in several foreign countries. Ulvaeus paid the taxes as a precautionary measure during the 2½-year dispute. In October 2008, the county administrative court decided the case in Ulvaeus' favour, ruling that he never owed any of the 90 million kronor.

 Discography 
 

 Björn solo singles 
1968: "Raring" (Swedish version of "Honey")/"Vill Du Ha En Vän"
1968: "Fröken Fredriksson" (Swedish version of "Harper Valley PTA")/"Vår Egen Sång" – (Polar POS 162)
1969: "Saknar Du Något Min Kära" (Swedish version of "Where Do You Go To (My Lovely)?"/"Gömt Är Inte Glömt")
1969: "Partaj-Aj-Aj-Aj"/"Kvinnan I Mitt Liv"

 Björn and Benny singles 
1970: "She's My Kind of Girl"/"Inga Theme"
1970: "Hej Gamle Man!"/"Lycka" (Happiness)
1971: "Hey, Musikant"/"Was die Liebe sagt"
1971: "Det Kan Ingen Doktor Hjalpa" (It Can't Be Remedied by a Doctor)/"På Bröllop"
1971: "Tänk Om Jorden Vore Ung" (If Only We Had The Time)/"Träskofolket"
1972: "En Karusell" (Merry-Go-Round)/"Att Finnas Till"
1972: "Love Has Its Ways"/"Rock 'N' Roll Band" (Benny & Björn 1st version)

 Björn and Benny albums 
1970: Lycka
1984: Chess (concept album with Tim Rice)
1986: Chess Pieces
1988: Chess: Original Broadway Cast Recording
1994: Chess in Concert
1996: Kristina från Duvemåla
1998: från Waterloo till Duvemåla
1999: 16 favoriter ur Kristina från Duvemåla
1999: Mamma Mia! (Original Cast Recording)
2000: Mamma Mia! (Original Broadway Cast Recording)
2002: Chess på Svenska
2005: Mamma Mia! På Svenska
2008: Mamma Mia! – The Movie Soundtrack
2009: Chess in Concert (London)
2010: Kristina at Carnegie Hall
2013: Hjälp Sökes

 Gemini 
1985: Gemini
1987: Geminism

 Josefin Nilsson 
1993: Shapes

 See also 
List of Swedes in music
Abbacadabra

 References 

 External links 
 Quotations related to Björn Ulvaeus at Wikiquote
 Media related to Björn Ulvaeus at Wikimedia Commons

Bodo
Bodo may refer to:

 Ethnicity 
Boro people, an ethno-linguistic group mainly from Northwest Assam, India
Bodo-Kachari people, an umbrella group from Nepal, India and Bangladesh that includes the Bodo people

 Culture and language 
Boro culture, the culture of the Bodo people
Boro language (India), spoken by the Boro people
Bodo languages (disambiguation), a linguistic group of languages that includes the Boro language of India
Bodo language (Bantu),  a possibly extinct Bantu language of the Central African Republic

 Places 
Bodó, a municipality in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil
Bodø (town), a city in Norway
Bodo, Alberta, a hamlet in Canada
Bodo, Cameroon, village of Far North Region, Cameroon
Bodo, Chad, a sub-prefecture of Logone Occidental Region, Chad
BoDo (district), a district of Boise, Idaho
Bodo, Lacs, a village in Lacs District, Ivory Coast
Bodo, Lagunes, a village in Lagunes District, Ivory Coast
Bodo, Nigeria, a town in Rivers State, Nigeria
Bodo, a village in Balinț Commune, Timiș County, Romania

 People 
Bodo (deacon) (814–876), a Frankish deacon at the court of Emperor Louis the Pious
Bodo (hypostrategos), a Carthaginian senator and naval officer
Bodo (given name)
Bodo (surname)

 Science 
Bodo (excavate), a genus of flagellate excavates
Bodo cranium, the skull of an extinct type of hominin species
Bodo saltans, the best-known species of the genus Bodo

 Other uses 
Bodo blouse, a sheer and transparent loose blouse
Bodø Airport (IATA: BOO, ICAO: ENBO), a civil airport in Bodø, Norway
Bodø HK, a Norwegian handball team
Bodo League massacre, killing incident in South Korea during the summer of 1950
Bodó River, a river in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil

 See also 
Bodoland, proposed state of India
Bodor, a surname

Revenge (Eurythmics album)
Revenge is the fifth studio album by British pop duo Eurythmics, released on 29 June 1986 by RCA Records in the United Kingdom and on 14 July in the United States. Following on from their previous album, Be Yourself Tonight, Revenge continued further in this direction as the duo embraced a more "rock band" style. The album spawned four singles and was a commercial success. The fourth and final single, "Missionary Man", won the 1987 Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. Its release was supported by an extensive world tour. A 1987 concert from the Australian leg of the tour was also released on home video as Eurythmics Live.
On 14 November 2005, Sony BMG released remastered versions of each of Eurythmics' eight studio albums, containing bonus tracks and remixes. The bonus track "Revenge 2" is a radically different remake of "Revenge", the closing track of the duo's 1981 debut album In the Garden. A line from the song ("She said revenge can be so sweet") is also heard at the end of "A Little of You".

 Track listing 

 Personnel 
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Revenge.

 Eurythmics 
Annie Lennox – vocals
David A. Stewart – guitar (all tracks); vocals (tracks 4, 5, 9, 10)

 Additional personnel 
Patrick Seymour – keyboards
Clem Burke – drums
Jimmy "Z" Zavala – harmonica (tracks 1, 2, 4, 6); saxophone (tracks 2, 3, 6, 9, 10)
Jannick Top – bass guitar (tracks 1, 6)
Joniece Jamison – backing vocals (tracks 1, 6, 7, 9)
Michael Kamen – orchestra arrangement, conducting (tracks 1, 3, 5, 8, 10)
John McKenzie – bass guitar (tracks 2, 3, 5, 7, 8)
Bernita Turner – backing vocals (tracks 2, 9)
Phil Chen – bass guitar (tracks 4, 10)
Jon Bavin – additional keyboards (track 5)
Gully – synthesiser guitar noise (track 5)

 Technical 
David A. Stewart – production
Jon Bavin – recording engineering, mixing engineering
Manu Guiot – mixing engineering
Fred Defaye – first assistant engineer
Serge Pauchard – second assistant engineer

 Artwork 
Eric Scott – sleeve paintings
Laurence Stevens – sleeve designs

 Charts 

 Certifications 

 References 

 Bibliography 

List of New York Institute of Technology alumni
The New York Institute of Technology was founded in 1955 and has graduated nearly 114,000 alumni, as of 2023. The New York Tech alumni community spans the globe with nearly 114,000 alumni throughout the United States and in more than 100 countries as of 2023. The following is a partial list of some notable alumni.

 Academia and administration 
Kyriacos A. Athanasiou, Chair of the Biomedical Engineering department at University of California, Davis.
Ken Pugh, professor in the Department of Pediatrics at Yale School of Medicine.
Jill Wruble, professor at Yale School of Medicine. She retired from the United States Army with rank of major.
Donald E. Ross, president of Lynn University and founder and president of Wilmington University. In 2003–2004, he was the highest-paid college or university president in the United States of America.
Donna Maria Blancero, provost and vice president for academic affairs at Bentley University.
Matthew J. Michaels, researcher and Assistant Professor of Clinical Neurology at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.
Englebert Morales, director for NYU Langone Health.
Michael Ditillo, professor of surgery at the University of Arizona College of Medicine – Tucson.
Susan Milani, professor and chair of the Department of Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine at Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine.
Daniel Ferrara, professor and researcher at the University of Rochester Medical Center. He also served as chairman of the department of emergency medicine at Mount Sinai South Nassau, and as the clinical director of emergency medicine at SUNY Stony Brook.
Frederick Davis, chair of the Emergency Department at Long Island Jewish Medical Center.
Jeff Pavell, chief of rehabilitation medicine at Englewood Hospital. He also teaches residents and students at Columbia University School of Medicine.
Patricia A. Young, an educational technologist, professor, software developer & chair of the Education Department at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County.
Jeff Morosoff, Chair of the Department of Journalism, Media Studies and Public Relations at Hofstra University.
Richard V. Waring, Student Services Chief of Staff for Trident Technical College, Vice President of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at the Charleston Metro Chamber of Commerce.
Manish Sharma, Clinical Associate Professor of Emergency Medicine at Weill Cornell Medicine and NewYork-Presbyterian Queens Chief of Emergency Medicine.
Rodeena Stephens, Tenure-Track Instructor, and Department Chair, Communications and Media Arts & Journalism Department at Westchester Community College.
Keesha Burke-Henderson, chief diversity officer for Randolph College.
Xiaolin (Larry) Qiu, chairman of the board and President of Nanchang Institute of Technology.
Sheena C. Howard, academic, author and producer. Professor of communication at Rider University
Thomas Kenny, professor and researcher at Molloy University.
Ronald S. Litman, Professor of Anesthesiology and Pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, and Director of Clinical Research for the Division of General Anesthesia of the Department of Anesthesiology and Critical Care at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Stewart Schwartz, professor and researcher at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
Diana Allegretti, Director for Design & Construction at Cornell Tech.
Clifford Hurley, professor and researcher at the University of Rochester and Rochester Institute of Technology.
Thomas Vecchione, professor and researcher at Cornell University.
John Daab, professor and researcher at New York University.
Joseph J. Lancia, professor and researcher at the University of Rochester.
Barb Matias, executive director of human resources at Palm Beach State College.
Yulhong Sung, dean of the Graduate School of Advertising and Public Relations at Hongik University.
Chang Ik Eun, professor and researcher in the Department of Design at Dongyang University.
Rajiv Goswami, professor and researcher at Baylor College of Medicine.
David R. Gotham, professor and researcher at UC Davis Medical Center.
Susan Magyar, dean at Westwood College.
Edwin Robles, professor and researcher at Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center.
Chester (Chet) Schnepf, chair of the Humanities Department at Gateway Community College.
Michael Patrick Meehan, professor and researcher at New York University.
Jerry W. McDaniel, Chair of the Communication Design Department at Fashion Institute of Technology. Professor at Rhode Island School of Design
Jack Deem, academic department chair in the Strategic Management and Marketing Department for the School of Business and Information Technology at Purdue University Global.
Robert Pernick, professor and researcher at Johns Hopkins University.
Shenglai Chen, Dean, School of Literature, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences
Bernice Pass-Stern, Assistant Dean, Phillips Beth Israel School of Nursing.
Charles H. Pryor II, Dean, LIM College.
Yuqing Geng, professor and researcher at Shanghai Dianji University.
Thomas A. Scandalis, Dean of Pacific Northwest University of Health Sciences.
Chris DiStiso, Dean of Academics, Paier College.
Jeannie Liakaris, Assistant Dean at New York University.
Kimberly Mcginn, professor and researcher at Touro University Nevada. Continental Who’s Who recognized Kimberly Mcginn as a Pinnacle Professional in the field of medicine.
Laura Jewell, Assistant Vice President at Berkeley College. Director of Strategic Communications & Business Development at Baruch College.
Ron Ramos, Director, Department of Institutional Marketing at the University of Akron.
Frank LoVecchio, an American emergency medicine physician, medical toxicologist, academic and researcher. Medical director of Clinical Research at College of Health Solutions of Arizona State University.
Judith Barry, professor and the director of the MIT Program in Art, Culture and Technology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Guggenheim Award winner

 Arts, journalism and entertainment 
Isobella Jade, writer
Antonio Meneses Saillant, writer
Nada Shabout, art historian
Seiko Mikami, artist
Carrie Moyer, painter and writer
Jake Sasseville, television host, producer, writer, director and author
Lori Bizzoco, writer, journalist, former public relations executive and the founder and executive editor of CupidsPulse.com
Patti Ann Browne, TV News Anchor, Fox News
Rik Cordero, music video, commercial, and film director
Jim Geoghan, Emmy-nominated executive producer of The Disney Channel's The Suite Life on Deck and the original The Suite Life of Zack and Cody, among others.
Lea Tyrrell, Emmy Award-winning anchor and reporter most known for her work at News 12 Long Island.
Brian Kenny, ESPN SportsCenter Anchor
Art Klein, producer known for Bottle Shock, Nobel Son and Marilyn Hotchkiss' Ballroom Dancing & Charm School, among others.
Jonathan Monaghan, visual artist and animator
Sonia Chopra, former director of editorial strategy for Vox Media’s Eater, executive editor at Bon Appétit.
Jill Nicolini, traffic reporter for "The PIX Morning News" in New York
Carol Silva, veteran three Emmy Award-winning news anchor, most known for her 33 years at the anchor desk of News 12 Long Island.
George Giosi, a video producer for the New York Islanders, won two Emmy Awards.
Candice Night, Lead singer, Blackmore's Night
Judy Martin, Emmy Award-winning news anchor for News 12 Long Island.
Drew Scott, a multiple Emmy and National Edward R. Murrow Award winner for New York’s WPIX-11 and News 12 Long Island, and he worked as a Washington correspondent at the White House for Tribune Broadcasting.
Adam Pascal, actor, singer, and producer (most notable as Roger Davis in the Broadway musical Rent)
The Tanster, street artist
Sam Ryan, sportscaster
Edward Butera, a graphic design firm owner in Boca Raton. Father of Ariana Grande.
Dana Arschin, three Emmy Award-winning journalist.
Jenni Farley, American television personality.
Jermain Hollman, an actor, model and producer. He has been on such TV shows such as Star Trek: Picard and Colony (TV series), also in feature films such as Rob Zombie’s “31” and SYFY channel originals.
Ben Finley, broadcast journalist, Editorial Producer with Anderson Cooper 360. He was a Producer for In the Life on PBS and has produced for several CNN and MSNBC programs and specials, including Presidential debates, and the wedding of William & Kate. He earned an Emmy Award and four Peabody awards.
Alphan Eşeli, Turkish director, screenwriter and photographer
Steve Salvatore, most known for his Emmy Award-winning medical correspondence on CNN, FOX5 and PIX11 news for more than two decades.
Kimmi Kappenberg, contestant from Survivor: The Australian Outback and Survivor: Cambodia.
Doug Draizin, film producer
Rahul Dholakia, Indian film director-producer-screenwriter
Vithaya Pansringarm, Thai actor
Chris Distefano, comedian and TV host
Chih-Yuan Tai, actor, known for Guang yin de gu shi (2008), Sao ren (2012) and Bao qing tian (1993), among others.
Ameera Al-Kooheji, Bahraini TV presenter, video producer
Rob Cabitto, American author, business owner, and public speaker.
Joji (musician)
Jamila Rowser, American writer and publisher.
Odimumba Kwamdela, writer
Tai Chih-yuan, Taiwanese comedian, actor, show host and YouTuber.
Jonathan Monaghan, contemporary visual artist
Susie Lewis, American writer and producer who co-created the MTV animated series Daria.
Tevin Thomas, a U.S. musician, composer, keyboard artist, producer and educator.
Magic Juan (musician), American merengue and hip hop artist. He was the lead singer and rapper of Dominican-American merengue group Proyecto Uno.
Jared Cohn, an American film director, screenwriter and actor.
Dwayne Perkins, an American stand-up comedian
Nadine Ellis, an American actress.

 Business 
Richard J. Daly, CEO, Broadridge Financial Solutions
Daisy Exposito-Ulla, former CEO, The Bravo Group Young & Rubicam
Monte N. Redman, CEO, Astoria Financial Corporation and Astoria Federal Savings & Loan Association
Richard Jacowleff, Chief Executive Officer of iconectiv.
Perry J. Kaufman, American systematic trader, index developer, and quantitative financial theorist.
Frank Baron, executive vice president and head of the management at Zurich Insurance Group.
Wu Linqi, entrepreneur and founder of the Zhongshi Golf Museum, the only formal golf museum in China.
Linda Davila, Chairperson, First Vice President, Merrill Lynch.
Sarah Swammy, senior vice president and chief operating officer (COO), State Street Bank and Trust Company.
Bob Gluck, Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer at Smart Balance.
Robert E. Evanson, President, McGraw-Hill.
Curtis Brunson, vice president, L3 Technologies.
Michael Klein, CEO of iCAD Inc.
Yazeed Khalidi, executive vice president and CFO, Pharmacy1, a pharmaceutical chain in Jordan. Director of Jordan Commercial Bank.
James Chip Cleary, president and chief executive of the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions.
Mark Friedlander, chief marketing officer (CMO) at United Health Services.
Sunita Holzer, executive vice president and chief human resources officer of Realogy.
David Hickey, president and CEO of Lumeta Corporation.
Ark Latt, vice president of Turner International. President of Plaza Construction.
Kevin G. Jackson, chief commercial officer at TreeHouse Foods.
Cuneyt Dalcan, managing director of Ramada.
Anthony Gioeli, Executive Vice President and General Manager at Pixelworks, and Vice President of Marketing at Synaptics.
Bob Frank, former president of Entertainment One.
Steven Salyer, chief operating officer of UP Health System - Marquette.
Anthony V. Hayes, chief operating officer and general manager for New England Public Media.
Neil Moore, CEO of Queens Hospital.
William Bauman, vice president, Computer Associates.
Steve Kantor, president of L3 Technologies.
Phil Bottega, Vice President at Tiffany & Co.
Michael T. Smith, Vice President at JPMorgan Chase.
Gary S. Lynch, managing director, Marsh & McLennan Companies.
Eli Wachtel, managing director, Bear Stearns.
William J. Bannon, Managing Director, Goldman Sachs.
Debra A. Vogel, president and owner of Las Vegas- and New York-based Paradigm Management LLC.
Gabriela Rodriguez, chief executive officer (CEO) of Impact Hub (global network). Represented Mexico at the Junior Olympics as a tennis player.
Carlos Smith, chief financial officer (CFO) of Paragon Space Development Corporation.
John Bruckner, president of National Grid plc.
LaVern Rhaburn Sula, president of Argus Cyber Security.
Scott A. Wolf, president of Mercy Medical Center (Springfield, Massachusetts).
John Gering, managing director of HLW International.
Michael Rikon, president and shareholder at Goldstein, Rikon, Rikon & Houghton P.C. He is listed in the Who’s Who in American Law (3rd to current eds), Who’s Who in America, and Who’s Who in the World.
Itzhak Fisher, Vice President, Nielsen Holdings. He also founded and served as CEO of RSL Communications, a $1.5-billion telecommunications company.
Carol Ann Hasenstab, Vice President, TD Bank, N.A.
Steve Johnson, Director for Labor Relations at The Coca-Cola Company.
Vincent L. Sadusky, former president and CEO of LIN Media, current chief executive officer at Univision Communications Inc.
Tom Scerbo, vice president at HNTB, and former executive vice president at AECOM.
Rich Humann, Chairman, CEO and president of H2M architects + engineers, a diversified consulting firm with over 500 employees based in Melville, N.Y.
Iman Mutlaq, founder and president of Sigma Investments Group.
Saifullah Paracha, a business manager
Jerry Romano, chairman, New York Emmy Awards.
Chen Ningning, founder and president of Pioneer Metals Holdings Co., Ltd. She is a self-made billionaire, her net worth is $1.8 billion as of 2011.
Cedric Priso, vice president at TD Bank (United States).
Yaron Varsano, a multimillionaire Israeli real estate developer and the husband of Wonder Woman actress Gal Gadot.
Nj Ayuk, the executive chairman of the African Energy Chamber.
Trish Hannon, President and Chief Executive Officer of New England Baptist Hospital.
Indera Rampal-Harrod, director of human resources, American Express.
Rory J. Cutaia, founder and CEO of Verb Technology, an interactive, video-based sales enablement applications company. Previously, he founded Telx, a tech startup in the data center sector, later sold for $215 million. Telx was sold again in 2015 for approximately $1.9 Billion. He is also a trustee of the American Shakespeare Center.
Matthew Calamari, American business executive serving as the chief operating officer of The Trump Organization.
Charles Schafer, President and Chief Financial Officer of Revolution Lighting Technologies, Inc. Vice President at L-3 Communications.
Bill Zerella, Chief Financial Officer of Fitbit.
David Schieren, co-founder and CEO of EmPower Solar, an award-winning solar engineering and installation company. Board member of Long Island Association.
Maria Sastre, an American businesswoman known for her work in airlines. She was the first female regional vice president of United Airlines. Fortune named her one of the 50 most powerful Latinas of 2017.

 Government and civil service 
Thani Ahmed Alzeyoudi, Minister of Climate Change and Environment for the United Arab Emirates
Humayun Chaudhry, physician and CEO, Federation of State Medical Boards
Joseph Saladino, New York state assemblyman, 12th district
Anthony Seminerio, politician
Andre Pierre, former Democratic mayor of North Miami, Florida and an attorney
Nicholas Estavillo, NYPD Chief of Patrol
Rafael Piñeiro, First Deputy Commissioner of the New York City Police Department (NYPD)
Brian M. McLaughlin, New York state assemblyman
Karine Jean-Pierre, Deputy White House Press Secretary, American political campaign organizer, activist, political commentator, author, and lecturer in international and public affairs at Columbia University.
Andrea Crooms, Senior Advisor and Chief of Staff in the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE).
John Brooks (New York politician), served as a Democratic member of the New York State Senate from the 8th district from 2017 to 2023.
Alonzo Short, retired United States Army lieutenant general who served as Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency.
David Barnea, the current Director of the Mossad
Roseann Stichnoth, executive vice president and head of the Financial Services Group at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Kevin O'Connor (physician), American physician and retired U.S. Army Colonel serving as the physician to the president.
Christopher Amenita, senior vp broadcasting operations and new media licensing at American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
Tom Cilmi, Suffolk County legislator.
Sarahana Shrestha, Nepalese-American democratic socialist politician and activist who is a member of the New York State Assembly, representing the New York's 103rd State Assembly district. She was first elected in November 2022.
Bill Clark (screenwriter), a former New York Police Department detective and q television writer and producer. Two Emmy Awards winner
Amit M. Shelat, Vice Chairman of the New York State Board for Medicine, New York State Education Department
Nicos Iona, chief computer programmer and analyst for with the Ministry of Defense in Cyprus.
Karl Von Batten, senior government advisor with a primary focus in federal and global healthcare policy and human rights. He has advised and worked with the United States Congress, federal departments, and in support of United States initiatives, advised visiting foreign ministers and heads of states on issues relating to public policy and global and human rights healthcare initiatives.
H.E Abdulla Bin Mohamed Bin Butti Al Hamed, Chairman of the Department of Health in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and a member of Abu Dhabi Executive Council
Keith Kazmark, Mayor of Woodland Park, New Jersey.
Abubakar Kabir Bichi, member of the Nigerian Federal House of Representatives
Amir Gefen, AI Lab manager in the research and development unit at the Ministry of Education in Israel.
Richard Bearak, director of land use for the Brooklyn Borough President’s Office.
Kevin Hyms, president of the Ronkonkoma Chamber of Commerce.
David A. Barbutti, Yonkers Department of Housing and Buildings deputy commissioner.
Trish Bergin, member of Suffolk County Legislature. Bergin also served as a board member for the Town of Islip, New York.
Latarshia (Tasha) Crawford-Jones, vice president, United States Department of Justice.
Lenka Wright, chief communications officer for Mountain View, California.
Mohammed Ateeq Al Falahi, Secretary general of the Red Crescent Society of the United Arab Emirates.
Joseph A. Catania III, director of technology at Pelham Union Free School District (N.Y.).
Jessica Vaitiare Chin Foo, advisor to the minister of energy of French Polynesia.
Carl Esposito, information technology director and chief information security officer for the New York City Civilian Complaint Review Board.
Sowmya Reddy, General Secretary of All India Mahila Congress of Karnataka and a member of the Indian National Congress

 Military 
Richard Jadick, naval surgeon credited for saving the lives of 30 marines and sailors during the Second Battle of Fallujah, earning him the Bronze Star.
Philip Volpe, U.S. Army Major General who served as command surgeon in the Battle of Mogadishu. Assistant professor at the Kansas City University.
Fang Wong, United States Army warrant officer who served as the National Commander of The American Legion. Bronze Star Medal recipient.
Vincent Capasso, U.S. Army General, served in the U.S. Department of Defense as part of the Multinational Security Transition Command in Baghdad. He is the recipient of the U.S. Gold Medal for Volunteer Service.
Catherine Tolvo, pediatrician at Dover Air Force Base, sole pediatrician, flight surgeon, and chief of clinical services at Connecticut Air National Guard.
John Rimmer, Officer in the United States Navy Reserve. He also serves as the system chief medical officer of Carepoint Health, which owns Hoboken University Medical Center, Bayonne Medical Center and Christ Hospital.
Eric J. Serpico, lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy, psychiatrist at the U.S. Naval Hospital in Okinawa, Japan, psychiatrist at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, and assistant professor at Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.
Robert Blue, chief of surgery at Malcolm Grow Medical Clinic, and a member of the U.S. Air Force ground surgical team.
Thomas S. Ricci, vice president, Thomas Properties Group. He was an active-duty U.S. Air Force Captain.
Brad Carley, anesthesiologist at Brooke Army Medical Center.
Kaitlyn Stasiewicz, psychiatrist at Naval Medical Center Portsmouth.
Charles Wood, diagnostic radiologist at Brooke Army Medical Center.
Brandon Chung, orthopedic surgeon at William Beaumont Army Medical Center. He also was a surgeon at Tripler Army Medical Center. He spent a year serving as a flight surgeon with the U.S. Army.
Craig D. Button, US Air Force pilot

 Royalty 
Queen Sylvia of Buganda
Won, Hereditary Prince Imperial of Korea, contested Head of the Korean Imperial Household

 Science and related fields 
Zhang Enhe, scientist, chief engineer of the Xian Y-7
Suresh Kumar, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for BNY Mellon.
Steven Wolk, chief technology officer, P. C. Richard & Son
Max Mermelstein, drug smuggler, worked as chief engineer for the Sheraton Hotel.
Anders Cohen, Chief of Neurosurgery at Brooklyn Hospital Center.
Susan Chin, Vice President of Planning & Design and Chief Architect at Wildlife Conservation Society.
Vincent Connare, font designer and former Microsoft employee. Amongst his creations are the Comic Sans font, and the Trebuchet MS font
Peter Ruggiero, design principal at HOK, and former professor at Columbia University.
Arun Manansingh, chief information officer at World Trade Centers Association.
Samuel Abbate, vice president at Northrop Grumman.
Engin Yalt, technology analyst at Goldman Sachs, former consultant for IBM. He has also taught at Hofstra University.
Adam Goldstein, director of minimally invasive surgery for Virtua Health.
Bradley Feuer, chief surgeon of the Florida Highway Patrol.
Michael Edbauer, vice president of medical affairs for Catholic Health.
Philip Fasano, executive vice president and chief information officer at American International Group (AIG)
Arie Trouw, Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors at of XYO Network, the world’s first blockchain geospatial oracle network backed with cryptography.
Edward Walden, chief engineer for NFL Films.
Jason McGrade, vice president at Northwell Health.
Lorraine Mead, chief content strategist for Google.
Evangelos Loukas, medical director of Plainview Hospital.
Michael McCrackan, Research and Development Director, Kodak.
Viren Shah, chief digital officer of Haier.
Joseph Squitieri, director of psychiatry at Community Healthcare Network.
Patrick Lynch, vice president at Bell Laboratories.
Robert J. Coni, chief of neurology at St. Luke's University Health Network.
Sumesh Kalapurakal, Associate Director for Clinical Programming at Johnson & Johnson.
Claudia Coplein, Tyson Foods' first chief medical officer.
Cynthia (Criss) Smith, chairs the Pediatric Department at St. John's Episcopal Hospital South Shore.
Nicholas Casabona, chief information officer at NYU Langone Hospital – Long Island.
Joseph P. Maccaro, chief quality assurance engineer for U.S. Department of Defense. He provided engineering support to NASA for the development and procurement of the 16mm motion picture camera used on the Apollo and Skylab space missions.
Stephen Trinceri, Lead Engineer at Verizon Communications.
Ted Moudis, architect and founder and senior principal of Ted Moudis Associates (TMA). A fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Peter J. Romano, president and founder of Peter J. Romano & Co., a project development and management consulting firm.
Elissa Charbonneau, chief medical officer of Encompass Health.
Jeannine Haggery, Vice President of Information Technology at Con Edison.
Patri Friedman, Software Engineer at Google.
Anthony Dupree, Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer at CareerBuilder.
Walter A. Poggi, President and CEO of Retlif Testing Laboratories, Inc., IEEE’s Harold Wheeler Award winner.
Joseph Fuller, AIA, NCARB, a New York area architect specializing in Educational Architecture and Historic Preservation.   He is best known for his firm's designs for the 2009 Academy of Information Technology & Engineering in Stamford, CT, the 2010 restoration and expansion of Old Town Hall (Stamford, Connecticut), the expansion of Staples High School (Connecticut), and the restoration of the Gothic facades and campus of City College of New York.
James Chemp, Director of engineering and energy, 7-Eleven.
Ray Rayburn, Fellow of Audio Engineering Society, audio systems engineer, digital audio designer for U.S. Senate.
Mikhail Varshavski, American doctor, social media personality and philanthropist. People magazine named him the "Sexiest Doctor Alive" in its Sexiest Men Alive issue.
Mark B. Berger, senior vice president and chief information officer, SWBC.
Ben Wolo, Director of engineering and operation at Qwest, managing director of LIBTELCO
Pat Galloway, engineer, CEO of Nielsen-Wurster Group, the first female president of ASCE (American Society of Civil Engineers), inducted into the National Academy of Construction
Peter A. Eckstein, Senior Principal Engineer, Northrop Grumman Corporation. IEEE Board of Directors member, and 2016 IEEE President. Professor at United States Merchant Marine Academy.
Anubhav Jindal, Chief of Staff at Oracle Corporation. Former principal software consultant at Fidelity Investments.
Victor Taranto, recognized in the Cambridge Who's Who Executive, Professional, and Entrepreneurial Registry for his dedication to the health care field. He is a specialist in general and laparoscopic surgery and has had his own private practice for over 25 years.
Patricia McMahon, vice president and general manager at Northrop Grumman, and vice president and general manager at BAE Systems.
Jason Robinson, lead network engineer for Google.
Steven Pontillo, Executive Vice President & Chief Technology Officer, AMC Networks.
Muneer Alshowkan, Research Scientist at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He has earned several awards for his research, including the R&D 100 Award, presented each year by R&D Magazine to identify the 100 most significant, newly introduced research and development advances in multiple disciplines.
Celine Mathew, recognized in the Cambridge Who's Who Executive, Professional, and Entrepreneurial Registry for her dedication, leadership, and excellence in healthcare. She is the chief resident physician at Nassau University Medical Center.
George Llado, Vice President & Chief Information Officer at Alexion Pharmaceuticals, and Vice President & Chief Information Officer at Merck & Co. He also served on the boards of Sierra Ventures, Charles River Laboratories and Temple University.
David Carnivale, architect, preservationist, author, and artist.

 Sports 
NYIT produced several Olympians. NYIT's track and field program alone produced five Olympians. There have been at least 38 Major League Baseball drafted players from NYIT.
Allison Baver, Olympic Speed Skating Medalist (Bronze, 2010)
Don Cooper, head pitching coach, Chicago White Sox
Jim Ferry, basketball coach
Sarah Fisher, race car driver
Joe Vasold, lacrosse player
Ray Giannelli, baseball player
Lou Bernardi, inducted into the New York State Baseball Hall of Fame.
Steven Verderosa, former New York Giants scout and three-time Super Bowl champion.
Carol Lawrence, head coach of Johnson C. Smith University's cross country and track and field program.
Jimmy Goelz, a former professional baseball player and baseball coach at Hofstra University. He spent seven years in the minor leagues with the Los Angeles Dodgers, Cleveland Indians, Boston Red Sox, and Miami Marlins.
Al Labozzetta, played five years for the Cincinnati Reds and Detroit Tigers.
Bill Dacosta, played for the New York Yankees.
Alan Ashkinazy, drafted by the Boston Red Sox and played for the Greensboro Hornets in 1985 and 1986. He founded the Greensboro Batting Center.
Mike Gaffney, head baseball coach at Long Island University. He played for the Florida Marlins and the Kansas City Royals.
Erin Smith, Head Coach for the Women's Lacrosse program at Walsh University.
Chris Rojas, coach at Long Island University and Hofstra University. He pitched in the minor leagues for nine seasons, spent two years in the independent leagues, and one season in the Venezuelan Winter League. He also represented Puerto Rico in the inaugural World Baseball Classic in 2006.
Bryan M Goelz, played for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Joe Esposito, played for Lakewood BlueClaws and Philadelphia Phillies.
Mike LaLuna, played for Sussex Skyhawks, Normal CornBelters, Oneonta Tigers and Connecticut Tigers.
Kraig Binick, played for the Baltimore Orioles.
Jon Burke, played for the Québec Capitales.
Andrew Guarrasi, played for the Normal CornBelters and Lake County Fielders.
Steve Faulkner, played for the Rockford Riverhawks.
George Carroll, played for the Dunedin Blue Jays.
Danny Lackner, played for the Newark Bears.
Frank Valentino, played for the Brooklyn Cyclones.
Mo’ath Alkhawaldeh (Mo), works for Princeton University as a Financial Manager in Washington, DC. Runner's World has featured Mo as one of the top 50 Most Influential People in Running worldwide, and Mo was also a recipient of the 2017 Athletes in Excellence Award from The Foundation for Global Sports Development.
Bryant Lassiter, head women’s basketball coach at State University of New York at Old Westbury. He played with the Harlem Globetrotters, and also played professionally in Puerto Rico and Ecuador.
Kirk Stewart, played for the Elmira Pioneers.
Mike Levine, vice president of New Jersey Devils.
Manix Auriantal, professional basketball player
Chris Algieri, professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division
Allen Watson, former Major League Baseball pitcher (member of 2000 World Series Champion New York Yankees)
Brian Brady, former right fielder in Major League Baseball who played for the California Angels
Patrick Jarrett, represented Jamaica at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.
Howard Burnett, a one-time Olympian, making his only appearance in 1988 (Seoul, South Korea), when he won the silver medal.
Paston Coke, won the silver medal in the 400 metres at 1999 World Student Games in personal record of 45.15 seconds.
Rade Džambić, Serbian former professional basketball player who last played for ZTE KK.
Dave Telgheder, American former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher who played for the New York Mets and Oakland Athletics from 1993 to 1998.
Gerry Lucey, Irish retired footballer and coach
Wayne Watson (sprinter)
Michael Cooper (racing driver)
Hayden Smith, New York Jets player
SonicFox, an American professional esports player

 Other 
Rex Heuermann, an architect and expert in New York City's Byzantine zoning codes. Suspected serial killer.

 References 

 External links 
NYIT Magazine — News about alumni and NYIT
Profiles Gallery

Golden shower (disambiguation)
Golden shower is slang for the practice of urinating on another person for sexual pleasure, as part of urolagnia.
Golden shower may also refer to:

Golden Shower (band), a Brazilian duo
Golden shower orchid, a common name for Oncidim
Golden shower tree, a common name for the ornamental tree Cassia fistula
The Golden Shower, a 1919 American silent film directed by John W. Noble
"Golden Shower", a song by German/Swedish industrial metal supergroup Lindemann
"Golden Showers", a song by shock rock band The Mentors
"Showers of Gold" or "golden showers", one of the common plant names for Tristellateia australasiae, Galphimia glauca and Galphimia gracilis

Erin Andrews
Erin Jill Andrews (born May 4, 1978) is an American sportscaster and television personality. She rose to prominence as a correspondent on the American cable sports channel ESPN after joining the network in 2004. She later joined Fox Sports in 2012 and has since become the lead sideline reporter for the network's NFL broadcasting team. In 2010, she also gained further recognition from placing third on the tenth season of ABC's Dancing with the Stars and eventually co-hosted the show from 2014 to 2019 with Tom Bergeron.

 Early life and family 
Andrews was born in Lewiston, Maine, to Paula Andrews, a teacher, and Steven Andrews, a broadcast journalist. Her family moved to San Antonio, Texas when she was 5 years old, and then to Valrico, Florida 18 months later,  when her father, a six-time Emmy Award winner, began working as an investigative reporter for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV.Andrews describes herself as a tomboy as a youth, living a life that always revolved around sports, watching NBA games with her father growing up, particularly Boston Celtics games. Andrews cited Hannah Storm, Melissa Stark, Lesley Visser, and Suzy Kolber as female sportscasters she looked up to who ultimately inspired her to become a sportscaster herself.Andrews attended Bloomingdale High School in Valrico, where she was a member of the dance team, student government, and the National Honor Society. While growing up, she also attended the Brandon School of Dance Arts in Seffner, Florida. Andrews has stated that being a tomboy, she did not have a lot of female friends in high school, opting to hang out with the boys, finding it more enjoyable to discuss sports with them.Following graduation from high school in 1996, Andrews attended the University of Florida, graduating in 2000 with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in telecommunications. While in college, she was a member of the Zeta Tau Alpha sorority, and the Florida Gators Dazzlers dance team from 1997 to 2000.

 Career 

 2000–2004: Early work 
In 2000, Andrews was employed by Fox Sports Florida as a freelance reporter. From 2001 to 2002, she served as a Tampa Bay Lightning reporter for the Sunshine Network. From 2002 to 2004, Andrews covered the Atlanta Braves, Atlanta Thrashers, and Atlanta Hawks for the Turner South network as a studio host and reporter.

 2004–2012: ESPN 
Andrews began working for ESPN in April 2004 as a reporter for ESPN National Hockey Night. She has also reported for the College World Series, Little League World Series, and Great Outdoor Games. Andrews began serving as a sideline reporter for ESPN College Football Saturday Primetime and Big Ten college basketball games, and in 2005, her job expanded to include ESPN College Football Thursday Primetime and Major League Baseball sideline reporting. From 2008 to 2010, she reported for ESPN's and ABC's live coverage of the Scripps National Spelling Bee.In 2010, Andrews competed on the tenth season of ABC's Dancing with the Stars with partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy. They placed third out of 11 couples.In January 2011 Andrews signed an endorsement deal with Reebok to promote its ZigTech brand. Two weeks prior, as a sideline reporter during the 2011 Rose Bowl, Andrews noted that Texas Christian University Horned Frogs football players were slipping on the turf because of the new Nike shoes they were wearing. Due to the perceived conflict of interest, ESPN announced revised endorsement guidelines for its journalists that required Andrews to end her endorsement deal with Reebok by the end of 2011.In November 2011, former ESPN executive Keith Clinkscales filed suit against ESPN Vice President Joan Lynch, claiming she had falsely alleged Clinkscales had masturbated while sitting next to Andrews on an airplane flight earlier that year. Andrews was reported to have disclosed the incident to a number of people but chose not to pursue the matter with ESPN's HR department because she was still shaken by public disclosure of her stalking experiences.Andrews hosted the first hour of ESPN's College GameDay on ESPNU, and had been a Good Morning America correspondent on ABC since 2010, though she had not appeared on the show since covering the Oscars in February 2011.

 2012–present: Fox Sports and host roles 
On June 29, 2012, it was announced that Andrews was leaving ESPN to join Fox Sports. She was the first host of Fox College Football's studio show and was joined by analysts Eddie George and Joey Harrington. Andrews also became a contributor on Fox NFL Sunday and served as a field reporter for most major sporting events aired on Fox, such as the MLB All-Star Game, the World Series, the NFL Playoffs, and Daytona 500. With the launch of Fox Sports 1 on August 17, 2013, Andrews became the guest host of Fox College Football Kickoff and Fox College Saturday, a direct competitor to ESPN College Gameday, which previews the weekend's biggest college football games. Andrews also contributed to the daily studio show Fox Football Daily. Beginning with the 2014 NFL season, Andrews became the sideline reporter on Fox's lead NFL broadcasting crew after replacing Pam Oliver. She later re-signed with Fox Sports in 2016 to report exclusively with the network's NFL crew.In March 2014, Andrews replaced Brooke Burke-Charvet as co-host of Dancing with the Stars, joining Tom Bergeron for the show's 18th season. She and Bergeron remained in their roles through the show's 28th season.Andrews has also co-hosted the CMT Music Awards twice, having hosted the 2015 ceremony with actress Brittany Snow on June 10 and the 2016 ceremony with NFL player J. J. Watt on June 8.She co-hosts the Calm Down podcast with Charissa Thompson since 2021.

 Endorsements and charitable work 
Andrews became a spokesperson for the Kraft Foods Huddle to Fight Hunger campaign in 2010, which raised $2.86 million for Feeding America.In October 2011, Andrews teamed up with StubHub, the world's largest online ticket marketplace, to launch a new national campaign called Girls Night Out.In May 2013, she co-hosted the Music Builds: CMT Disaster Relief Concert on the CMT network to raise money for the American Red Cross in response to the April 27 tornadoes in Oklahoma.At the beginning of the 2014 National Football League season, Andrews was named the new face of CoverGirl and partnered with the cosmetic company for the new #Gameface contest, which the winner would be entered to win a pair of tickets to the 2015 Super Bowl.Andrews became an Orangetheory Fitness ambassador in October 2016.In October 2019, Fanatics teamed up with Andrews on a line of clothing.

 Personal life 
Andrews previously lived in Atlanta, Georgia, but now lives in Los Angeles, California. She was voted "America's sexiest sportscaster" in 2007 and 2008 by Playboy magazine. She began a relationship with professional hockey player Jarret Stoll in December 2012. The couple got engaged in December 2016 and married on June 24, 2017.In January 2017, Andrews announced that she had been diagnosed with cervical cancer in September 2016 for which she received treatment. After two surgeries, she was pronounced cancer-free. At the time of her diagnosis, Andrews and Stoll had not discussed marriage or having children, but she says it put their relationship on the fast track. Andrews and Stoll chose to continue with a fertility plan of in-vitro fertilization (IVF). Andrews' son was born in July 2023 via surrogacy.After defeating cancer and informing the public of her experience, she partnered with a women's health diagnostics company, Hologic, to launch a campaign. The campaign, called We Can Change This STAT encourages women to go to the doctor for their annual exams, as well as getting men to encourage the women in their lives to take their exams.

 Stalking incident 
In 2008, Michael David Barrett, then 46, filmed Andrews in her hotel room through peepholes at the Nashville Marriott adjacent to Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, and the Radisson Airport hotel in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. On July 16, 2009, one of these videos, in which Andrews appeared totally nude, was posted online and quickly went viral. Barrett was arrested by the FBI on October 2, 2009, for interstate stalking, and pleaded guilty to the charges on December 15, 2009. A second tape of Andrews was discovered on Barrett's computer showing her nude in her room at the Radisson in Milwaukee. This tape was never made public. On March 15, 2010, Barrett was sentenced to two and a half years in prison, three years of probation, $5,000 in fines, and $7,366 in restitution. He served his sentence at the Seattle Community Correctional Center and was released on July 3, 2012.Andrews sued Barrett, Marriott International, Radisson Hotels, and five other entities for negligence and invasion of privacy in connection with the videotaping. In her lawsuit against Marriott, Andrews alleged that hotel employees disclosed the dates of her stay to Barrett and assigned him a room next to hers. In 2011, Andrews worked with U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar to enact a new federal anti-stalking law. Andrews was still trying to have the video removed from the Internet in July 2011.In March 2013 Andrews's lawyers filed a motion in Los Angeles Superior Court seeking to quash a subpoena from Marriott "seeking her payroll records, contracts, performance reviews, any disciplinary reports, as well as other employment information from her current employer, Fox." The attorneys said that Marriott is also seeking "physician letters, notes, annual physicals, and other related medical records" and that the request was an attempt to "harass and embarrass" Andrews.In October 2015, Andrews filed a suit against the Nashville Marriott and Barrett for $75 million. Jury selection for the hearing began on February 22, 2016. On March 7, 2016, after a two-week trial, the jury awarded Andrews $55 million. The jury found Barrett 51% responsible and the hotel management company (Windsor Capital Group) and its owner (West End Hotel Partners) 49% responsible. As of early 2016, Barrett was living in his father's basement. During the trial, Andrews testified that her employer ESPN would not allow her to return to broadcasting until she had spoken publicly about the incident on television, against her will, due to rumors it was a publicity stunt.

 References 

 External links 
Erin Andrews at IMDb 
 Media related to Erin Andrews at Wikimedia Commons

Richard Aitson
Richard Aitson (December 26, 1953- June 24, 2022) was a Kiowa-Kiowa Apache bead artist, curator, and poet from Oklahoma.

 Background 
Richard Aitson was born on December 26, 1953, in Anadarko, Oklahoma. His mother was the Kiowa traditionalist Alecia Keahbone Gonzales (1926–2011), who taught the Kiowa language at the University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma. Aitson's Kiowa name means "Buffalo Rider." His family has had many artistic accomplishments and he comes five generations of respected beadworkers. Aitson attended the Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire; Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio; and the Institute of American Indian Arts in Santa Fe, New Mexico.In 1976, Aitson produced documentaries for the Bicentennial Commission about Native American events. He worked at the Squash Blossom Gallery in Aspen, Colorado, in 1979, which is where he first curated art shows. He has since curated many group shows, including "Winter Camp 2000" at the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City. He taught Native American literature at Anadarko High School and also taught at Bacone College as an Adjunct Professor of Art.

 Beadwork 
Aitson jumped into beadworking out of necessity. He was invited to join the prestigious Kiowa Gourd Clan and had to learn beading to create his gourd dance regalia. Aitson describes his art as "contemporary-traditional" and he creates beaded dance regalia for the Native American community as well as bead art for fine art collectors and museums.
He is known in particular for his fully beaded, functional cradleboards, but he also makes miniature cradleboards with extremely minute beads. "I am touched by the art of the World War years and the Reservation Era because in my opinion, that is when the finest Kiowa beadwork was produced," he writes. "Quality beads and supplies were extremely scarce, yet remarkable and ingenious beadwork that bridged the ancient and the future was quietly created."

 Writing 
Aitson writes poems inspired by traditional Kiowa oral history. His work, as Alan Velie writes, "combines the dream vision with animism to produce striking powerful imagery. He is inspired by Chilean poet Pablo Neruda.

 Exhibits and honors 
In 1992, Aitson had a solo exhibition at the US Department of Interior's Southern Plains Indian Museum in Anadarko. His work has earned numerous awards, including the Red Earth Festival's Grand Award in 1997 and the Southwest Museum's Jackie Autry Purchase Prize in 2005.  Many examples of his work are part of the permanent collection at the Sequoyah National Research Center in Little Rock, Arkansas.

 See also 
List of Native American artists
Visual arts by indigenous peoples of the Americas

 Notes 

 References 
Goins, Charles Robert and Danney Goble. Historical Atlas of Oklahoma. Norman: University of Oklahoma Press, 2006. ISBN 978-0-8061-3482-6.
Harjo, Barbara and Julie Pearson Little Thunder. Artistic Tastes: Favorite Recipes of Native American Artists. Santa Fe: Kiva Publishing, 1998. ISBN 978-1-885772-08-4.
Johnson, Nancy and Norman F. Sheridan. Winter Camp 2000. Oklahoma City: National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum, 1999. ISBN 1-56944-215-0.
Velie, Alan R. American Indian Literature: An Anthology.  Norman: University of Oklahoma Press, 1999. ISBN 978-0-8061-2345-5.

 External links 
Oral History Interview with Richard Aitson

Sofie Gråbøl
Sofie Gråbøl (Danish pronunciation: [sofiˀə ˈkʁʌpøl]; born 30 July 1968) is a Danish actress. She has starred in a number of films, with her breakthrough role in the 1986 Danish film Early Spring, directed by Astrid Henning-Jensen, playing the lead role in the film version of Tove Ditlevsen's novel Barndommens gade when she was 17 years old. On television she has starred in Taxa and Nikolaj og Julie.Gråbøl has become known in Denmark for playing emotional roles, but she achieved international fame as a detective—the cool and distant lead character Inspector Sarah Lund in all three series of The Killing (Danish: Forbrydelsen). In the UK it was broadcast on BBC4 with great success, winning a BAFTA award, and bringing Gråbøl celebrity status.

 Personal life 
Gråbøl resides in Copenhagen where she has lived all her life. Both her parents, father Kaj Fladhede Gråbøl and mother Mette Koustrup, were architects. She has an older brother Niels Gråbøl who is a director, and the ex-husband of actress Ditte Gråbøl. Gråbøl's father left her mother when her mother was pregnant with Gråbøl. She was brought up by her mother. Her mother remarried to a Maoist architect and for a time they lived in a commune.Gråbøl divorced her husband, the film director Jacob Thuesen, in 2006. They have two children; a son, Bror, and a daughter, Gudrun.In 2012 she was diagnosed with cancer and had surgery and chemotherapy and is now in remission.

 Early career 
In the early years of her career she studied theology and worked in a bookstore. Responding to a newspaper advertisement at the age of 17, she was given the role of an artist's nude model in Oviri, a 1986 film about Paul Gauguin with Donald Sutherland. Despite having had no formal training, and only entering acting on the encouragement of her mother, she has worked continuously since then.She said, "I thought it would be like a summer holiday job ...then one film led to another and suddenly I was an actor and I never really felt that I had made the decision ... I felt at home in the language of acting.""  Her breakthrough role was in the 1986 Danish film directed by Astrid Henning-Jensen, Early Spring.Gråbøl is famous in Denmark with a wide body of work from comedy to Shakespeare.

 The Killing 

In 2007, Gråbøl portrayed the role of police Detective Sarah Lund obsessed with solving the sadistic killing of a schoolgirl in the Danish television series The Killing (Danish: Forbrydelsen, literally "The Crime"). Producers of the show envisioned breaking the clichés of female characters usually portrayed on television and film. Lund was to be a driven and relentless detective without her primary concern being for her physical appearance or sexuality. 
Gråbøl was involved early on in the development process of the series and had numerous discussions with writer and series creator Søren Sveistrup. Her input was integral to the creation of the character, from keeping the character's past a mystery to the choice of clothing, and especially that the character was to be emotionally isolated. At one point, the writers were considering having Lund have an affair with one of the suspects. She fought this plot line, explaining that Lund was a female Clint Eastwood, and it was removed. It was originally intended that Sarah Lund should die but this was changed halfway through the series. Gråbøl had become known in Denmark for playing emotional characters and the role of the cool and distant Lund was a stark departure.
The series was a huge success in Denmark with over half the population watching. Although already well known in Denmark, Gråbøl now found herself stopped on the street as fans of the show wanted to know the secret of the killer. The series was then played throughout Europe. With the show's success, it played in back-to-back weekend installments in the UK on BBC4. With no promotion, the show became a word-of-mouth success and even topped Mad Men in the ratings.Gråbøl had been a famous actress in Denmark for twenty five years when she suddenly, to her surprise, achieved cult status in Britain. Even the shape-concealing jumper (sweater) she wore in the show became iconic. She received requests for interviews and offers to work in Britain, most of which she had to decline due to her busy work schedule. However, she had a cameo in the BBC comedy Absolutely Fabulous playing her character Detective Lund. In the UK, Gråbøl was named Best Actress at the Crime Thriller Awards and the show won the 2011 BAFTA for Best International TV Show. The BAFTA was awarded to Gråbøl, creator and writer Søren Sveistrup, producer Piv Bernth and director Birger Larsen.In Britain the series had subtitles but for the American audience it was remade. Commenting on the first series of The Killing remake, while saying she thought the American version was good, Gråbøl said it was unfortunate that American audiences would not accept shows with subtitles because with the success of the show in Britain, "there's a strong sense of a cultural exchange going on. By watching each other's stories you exchange something very valuable. It's about language and culture and the ways of looking at life." In series two of the American version Gråbøl has a small part as a Seattle district attorney. In July 2012, the US remake was cancelled by the network.Forbrydelsen II was released on 2009, and Forbrydelsen III was released in 2012.

 After The Killing 
Gråbøl was diagnosed with breast cancer in December 2012 for which she underwent surgery and chemotherapy. She temporarily retired from acting in 2013, but returned to work the next year, appearing as Hildur Odegard, a Norwegian mayor, in two series of  the British TV series Fortitude. In August 2014 she made her English language début on stage in Edinburgh, appearing as Margaret of Denmark in James III: The True Mirror, the third of Rona Munro's historical trilogy The James Plays.In 2015 she played a role, together with Swedish actress Frida Farrell, in the music video "Under the Make-up" for the song with the same title by the Norwegian band a-ha. It was released on 24 August 2015.In 2018 she was awarded the Nordic Language Prize in Oslo, Norway for her contribution to positive attitudes between neighbouring Nordic languages.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 
Sofie Gråbøl at IMDb
"Video of Camilla Duchess of Cornwall's visit to set of Forbrydelsen 3". UK: Guardian. Retrieved April 10, 2012.
Sofie Gråbøl, Kirsti Wark (2011). Killing star on challenging feminist views. UK: BBC. Retrieved April 10, 2012.
"Sophe Grabol on BBC Woman's Hour". BBC. 29 January 2015. Retrieved 30 January 2015.

Ben Connable
Ben Connable is an American retired Marine Major, military strategist and Professor at the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School in Santa Monica, California.

 Early life 
Ben Connable graduated from the University of Colorado Boulder in Boulder, Colorado. He received a master's degree in Strategic Intelligence from the American Military University and a master's degree in National Security Affairs from the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California. He also attended the War Studies program at King's College London, where he earned a PhD

 Career 
He is a retired Major of the United States Marine Corps, having served in Iraq with the United States Marine Corps. He now serves as Professor at the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School in Santa Monica, California. He has been published in Foreign Affairs, The Washington Post, CNN, USA Today, etc.
On the United States's defeat of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, he has suggested looking at the broader picture, by focusing on a national reconciliation between Sunnis, Shias and Kurds.

 Bibliography 
How Insurgencies End (with Martin C. Libicki, RAND Corporation, 2010).
Military Intelligence Fusion for Complex Operations: A New Paradigm (RAND Corporation, 2012).
Embracing the Fog of War: Assessment and Metrics in Counterinsurgency (RAND Corporation, 2012).
Assessing Freedom of Movement for Counterinsurgency Campaigns (RAND Corporation, 2012).
Leveraging Development Aid to Address Root Causes in Counterinsurgency: Balancing Theory and Practice in"Hold" and "Build". (RAND Corporation, 2013).
Modeling, Simulation, and Operations Analysis in Afghanistan and Iraq (RAND Corporation, 2014).
Defeating the Islamic State in Iraq (RAND Corporation, 2014).
The Future of the Iraqi Popular Mobilization Forces (with Daniel Egel, Trevor Johnston, RAND Corporation, 2023)

 References 

HMS Bouncer (1804)
HMS Bouncer was launched at Newcastle upon Tyne in 1804 for the British Royal Navy. The French captured her in February 1805. She went through several name changes before she was condemned in 1827.

 Royal Navy service 
Lieutenant Samuel Bassan commissioned Bouncer in November 1804.In February 1805 Bouncer ran aground on a sandbank on the French coast between Boulogne and Dieppe. The pounding of the se caused her to leak uncontrollably. The French captured her and her crew.

 French Navy service 
The French Navy purchased Bouncer on 21 February 1805, and commissioned her under her existing name.On 10 November 1811, and also on 29 September 1812, Bouncer was at Boulogne-ur-Mer and under the command of Lieutenant de vaisseau de La Rouvraye.

 Fate 
Ecuriel (ex-Bouncer) was condemned on 28 June 1827.

 Citations 

 References 
Hepper, David J. (2023). British Warship Losses in the Age of Sail, 1649-1860. Seaforth. ISBN 9781399031028.
Winfield, Rif (2008). British Warships in the Age of Sail 1793–1817: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. ISBN 978-1-86176-246-7.
Winfield, Rif; Roberts, Stephen S. (2015). French Warships in the Age of Sail 1786–1861: Design Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84832-204-2.

List of historical markers of the Philippines in Calabarzon
This list of historical markers installed by the National Historical Commission of the Philippines (NHCP) in Calabarzon (Region IV-A) is an annotated list of people, places, or events in the region that have been commemorated by cast-iron plaques issued by the said commission. The plaques themselves are permanent signs installed in publicly visible locations on buildings, monuments, or in special locations.
While many Cultural Properties have historical markers installed, not all places marked with historical markers are designated into one of the particular categories of Cultural Properties.
In 2004, the NHCP approved a marker for the Alberto House, Biñan for its historicity in relation to Teodora Alonso, José Rizal, and the city. However, the marker did not push through because the owner refused to follow preservation requests.On March 18, 2015, a marker pertaining to the Jabidah massacre was installed in Corregidor, Cavite City. Despite referring to the said event, the marker was entitled "Mindanao Garden of Peace, Corregidor Island" and did not contain the name "Jabidah."
A marker, commemorating National Artist Vicente Manansala was moved from his house in Binangonan to Holy Angel University, Angeles City.
This article lists two hundred eighty (280) markers from the CALABARZON Region.

 Batangas 
This article lists forty-four (44) markers from the Province of Batangas.

 Cavite 
This article lists one hundred two (102) markers from the Province of Cavite.

 Laguna 
This article lists sixty-six (67) markers from the Province of Laguna.

 Quezon 
This article lists three (40) markers from the Province of Quezon.

 Rizal 
This article lists twenty-seven (27) markers from the Province of Rizal.

 See also 
List of Cultural Properties of the Philippines in Calabarzon

 References 

 Footnotes 

 Bibliography 
National Historical Institute (1993). Historical Markers: Regions I-IV and CAR. National Historical Institute.
National Historical Institute (2008). Historical Markers (1992 - 2006). National Historical Institute.
A list of sites and structures with historical markers, as of 16 January 2012
A list of institutions with historical markers, as of 16 January 2012

 External links 
 Media related to Historical markers in the Philippines at Wikimedia Commons
A list of sites and structures with historical markers, as of 16 January 2012
A list of institutions with historical markers, as of 16 January 2012
National Registry of Historic Sites and Structures in the Philippines
Policies on the Installation of Historical Markers

Siegfriedia
Siegfriedia is a monotypic genus flowering plant belonging to the family Rhamnaceae. It is a small plant with smooth leaves leaves and bell-shaped flowers. The only species is Siegfriedia darwinioides, it is endemic to Western Australia.

 Description 
Siegfriedia darwinioides is a multi-stemmed, upright, spreading shrub 0.2–1 m (7.9 in – 3 ft 3.4 in) high with yellowish-cream to orange pendulous flowers. The branches are smooth, bark purple-brown, smaller branches have a whitish down. The leaves are arranged opposite, oblong-shaped, apex pointed, base almost heart-shaped, margins rolled, upper surface veined and  smooth, lower surface densely covered in short matted hairs. Flowering occurs from April to August and the fruit is a schizocarp with three segments.

 Taxonomy and naming 
Siegfriedia darwinioides was first formally described in 1933 by C.A.Gardner and the description was published in Journal of the Royal Society of Western Australia.The specific epithet (darwinioides) means like Darwinia.

 Distribution and habitat 
Siegfriedia darwinioides  grows from the Stirling Ranges to Esperance on sandy, clay or loam soils.

 References 

William H. Lamar
William Harmong Lamar (born December 11, 1859 – February 10, 1928) was an American lawyer.

 Family 
The son of Dr. William Harmong Lamar (1827-1907), and Ann Maria Lamar (1824-1894), née Glenn, William Harmong Lamar was born in Auburn, Alabama on December 11, 1859; he had five siblings: Theodore Jemison Lamar (1848–1914); Cornelia Glennie Lamar (1850–1934), later, Mrs Phillips; Charles Russell Lamar (1853–1928); Howard Lamar (1861–1931); and George Holt Lamar (1867–1945).He married Virginia Longstreet (1865-1911) on June 21, 1887; they had four children: Mrs. Virginia Longstreet Matthews, née Lamar (1889–1977); Mrs. Augusta Glenn "Gussie" Lytle, née Lamar (1891–1973); Lucius Quintus Cinncinatus Lamar (1892–1954); and William Harmong Lamar (1897–1970).

 Education 
He received an Bachelor of Arts (A.B.) from Alabama Polytechnic in 1881, a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) from Georgetown University in 1884, and a Master of Laws (LL.M.) in 1885, also from Georgetown.

 Military service 
During the Spanish–American War, he served as a captain in the US Volunteer Signal Corps and in public relations campaigns for the war.

 Professional life 
He began his practice of law in Washington, D.C. and Rockville, Maryland shortly after graduation and was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates in 1894 as a Democrat.He served as an assistant attorney for the United States Department of Justice from 1906 to 1913.Following the election of Woodrow Wilson, a fellow Democrat, as President, he was made assistant attorney-general and Solicitor of the Post Office Department (1913-1921), because of which he was targeted by anarchists for assassination in the 1919 United States anarchist bombings.He left office after the election of Warren Harding, a Republican, as President in 1921 and served in private practice with his son Lucius until his death in 1928.

 Affiliations 
He was a member of the American Bar Association, the Maryland Bar Association, Alpha Tau Omega and Phi Delta Phi. He was also a Methodist.

 Death 
He died at the Walter Reed General Hospital (WRGH), Washington, D.C. on February 10, 1928, and was buried at the Arlington National Cemetery.

 Notes 

 References 
Marquis, A.N. (ed,) (1928), "William Harmong Lamar", p.1248 in  Who's Who in America: Vol.15, Chicago, IL: The A.N. Marquis Company.
Cramp, A.J. (ed.) (1921). Nostrums and Quackery: Volume II. Chicago, IL: American Medical Association.
Materer, Timothy (1991). The Selected Letters of Ezra Pound to John Quinn: 1915–1924. Duke University Press. ISBN 978-0-8223-8290-4.
Witemeyer, Hugh (1996). Pound/Williams: Selected Letters of Ezra Pound and William Carlos Williams. New Directions Publishing. ISBN 978-0-8112-1301-1.

Stephen DeStefano
Stephen DeStefano (born 1966) is an American comics artist, animator and storyboard artist best known as the co-creator of 'Mazing Man and Hero Hotline with writer Bob Rozakis.

 Early life 
DeStefano was born in Jamaica, Queens, New York and attended the High School of Art and Design.

 Career 
DeStefano's first credit in the comics industry was as the creator of the character Captain Electron in Adventure Comics #479 (March 1981), and then the characters Zeep and Thumbelina in the "Dial H for Hero" story in Adventure Comics #483 (July 1981). His first professionally published comics artwork was a one-page parody of the "I…Vampire" feature in House of Mystery #306 (July 1982). DeStefano wrote and drew "The Mini (Mis)Adventures of Nick O. Tyme" in New Talent Showcase #6–12 (June–December 1984). He then teamed with writer Bob Rozakis to create 'Mazing Man, a character introduced in an eponymous series beginning in January 1986. After the cancellation of that series, the Rozakis-DeStefano team created Hero Hotline in Action Comics Weekly #637 (January 1989). After a four-issue run as a back-up feature, Hero Hotline received its own six-issue limited series. In the 1990s, DeStefano was a frequent contributor to The Big Book Of series published by Paradox Press. His other comics work includes credits at Dark Horse Comics, Disney Comics, Fantagraphics Books, and Marvel Comics. As an animator, DeStefano has worked on such series as The Ren & Stimpy Show and Futurama. He inked the Cage limited series drawn by Genndy Tartakovsky in 2016–2017. In 2020, DeStefano won the Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation Emmy for Character Design on the Genndy Tartakovsky series, Primal.

 Filmography 

 Television 

 As voice actor 

 Film 

 Bibliography 
Apple Comics101 Other Uses for a Condom #1 (1991)Dark Horse ComicsCheval Noir #26, 44 (1992–1993)
Hellboy, Jr. #1–2 (1999)
Hellboy, Jr., Halloween Special #1 (1997)
Instant Piano #1–4 (1994–1995)
Wolf & Red #2 (1995)DC Comics
Disney ComicsDisney Adventures #97–1, #97–8 (1997)
Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse Adventures #1–2, 7–11 (1990–1991)Fantagraphics BooksCritters #32, 38, 50 (1989–1990)
Itchy Planet #3 (one page) (1988)Harvey PekarAmerican Splendor #14 (1989)Marvel ComicsBill & Ted's Bogus Journey #1 (movie adaptation) (1991)
Bill & Ted's Excellent Comic Book #1–3 (1991–1992)
Cage #1–4 (2016–2017)
Video Jack #4, 6 (1988)NBM PublishingClassics Desecrated (1995)Oni PressJingle Belle #1–2 (1999)
Oni Double Feature #13 (1999)
Oni Press Summer Vacation Supercolor Fun Special #1 (2000)
Paul Dini's Jingle Belle Winter Wingding #1 (2002)
Paul Dini's Jingle Belle's All-Star Holiday Hullabaloo #1 (2000)Palliard PressXXXenophile #6 (1992)Renegade PressRenegade Romance #1–2 (1987–1988)United Plankton Pictures, Inc.SpongeBob Comics #4–5, 34, 43 (2011–2015)

 References 

 External links 
Stephen DeStefano at IMDb
Stephen DeStefano at the Comic Book DB (archived from the original)
Stephen DeStefano at Mike's Amazing World of Comics
Stephen DeStefano at the Unofficial Handbook of Marvel Comics Creators
Stephen DeStefano papers at Columbia University. Rare Book & Manuscript Library

2022 Minnesota gubernatorial election
The 2022 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 8, 2022, to elect the governor of Minnesota. Incumbent Democratic (DFL) Governor Tim Walz defeated the Republican nominee, former state senator Scott Jensen, winning a second term.Jensen's advantage in rural Greater Minnesota could not overcome Walz’s large lead in the Twin Cities metropolitan area, with Walz winning the election by a comfortable 7.7% margin. With his win, Walz gave the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party its fourth consecutive gubernatorial victory, the most in the party's history. Furthermore, the DFL held the State House and flipped the State Senate, gaining a trifecta for the first time since 2012.

 Democratic–Farmer–Labor primary 

 Candidates 

 Nominee 
Tim Walz, incumbent governor and former U.S. representative for Minnesota's 1st congressional district (2007–2019)Peggy Flanagan, incumbent lieutenant governor

 Eliminated in primary 
Ole Savior, perennial candidateJulia M. Parker

 Results 

 Republican primary 

 Candidates 

 Nominee 
Scott Jensen, family medicine physician and former state senatorMatt Birk, former professional football player with the Minnesota Vikings, businessman, and author

 Eliminated in primary 
Bob "Again" Carney Jr, candidate for U.S. Senate in 2020Captain Jack Sparrow, perennial candidate
Joyce Lynne LaceyKent Edwards

 Withdrawn 
Michelle Benson, state senator
Thomas Evensted, activist
Paul Gazelka, state senator and former majority leader of the Minnesota Senate
Mike Marti, businessman
Mike Murphy, mayor of Lexington
Kendall Qualls, Army Veteran, Businessman and Republican nominee for Minnesota's 3rd congressional district in 2020
Neil Shah, physician and business owner
Rich Stanek, former Hennepin County Sheriff

 Declined 
Matt Birk, former Minnesota Vikings player (endorsed Jensen and became his running mate)
Mike Lindell, inventor of My Pillow, businessman
Carla Nelson, state senator (ran for reelection)
Pete Stauber, U.S. representative for Minnesota's 8th congressional district (ran for reelection)
Karin Housley, state senator and nominee for the U.S. Senate in 2018 (ran for reelection)
Jennifer Carnahan, former chair of the Minnesota Republican Party (2017–2021) and widow of U.S. Representative Jim Hagedorn  (unsuccessfully ran for Congress in a 2022 special election)
Rob Barrett, businessman, activist and candidate for the U.S. Senate in 2020

 Caucuses and conventions 

 Caucus 
The caucuses took place on February 1, 2022. A caucus is a local meeting where all who intend to vote for the Republican Party are able to select their precinct leadership, participate in a straw poll for governor, write and pass resolutions, and elect delegates to their local Basic Political Organizational Unit (BPOU). Those who were not elected BPOU delegates could become alternates and fill in for delegates who cannot attend the BPOU convention.

 BPOU conventions 
A BPOU has boundaries based on the county or state senate district a voter resides in. The majority of these took place in March 2022. Elected delegates of each BPOU attended a convention relating to their district to vote on the resolutions passed at the caucus, complete party business, listen to candidates, and elect delegates to the state convention and their corresponding U.S. House District convention.

 State convention 
The Republican State Convention was held on May 13–14, 2022 in Rochester. 2,200 delegates were elected statewide to decide the Minnesota Republican Party's endorsement in all statewide offices. The endorsed candidate receives the party's backing, including money and resources, ahead of the August 9 primary. Only one Republican, incumbent governor Arne Carlson in 1994, has won the primary without the party's endorsement. (Two Democrats, Mark Dayton and Tim Walz, won the Democratic primary against endorsed candidates.)At the convention, Scott Jensen won the endorsement with 65% of the vote on the ninth ballot, defeating Kendall Qualls. Mike Murphy, Paul Gazelka, and Neil Shah were eliminated on earlier ballots. All the candidates who contested the endorsement pledged to forego the primary if not endorsed.Qualls soon honored his pledge by announcing his plans to "return to private life." Rich Stanek, the only major candidate who did not compete for the endorsement, did not file for the primary, leaving Jensen without major opposition. He faced two minor candidates in the August primary.

 Endorsements 

 Results 

 Independents and others 

 Grassroots-Legalize Cannabis primary 

 Candidates 

 Nominee 
Steve Patterson, anti-lockdown activistMatt Huff

 Eliminated in primary 
Darrell Paulsen, business consultant, nominee for lieutenant governor in 1998Edwin Engelmann, nominee for lieutenant governor in 2010

 Results 

 Legal Marijuana Now primary 

 Candidates 

 Nominee 
James McCaskel, community organizer and BLM activistDavid Sandbeck, activist and candidate for Minnesota's 4th congressional district in 2020

 Eliminated in primary 
Chris Wright, perennial candidateL.C. Lawrence Converse

 Results 

 Other parties 
Gabrielle M. Prosser, restaurant worker (Socialist Workers)Kevin A. Dwire, perennial candidate
Hugh McTavish, scientist, entrepreneur and author (Independence-Alliance Party)
Mike Winter, commercial driver, podcast host, Teamster Union steward and candidate for mayor of Minneapolis in 2021

 Withdrew 
Cory Hepola, former WCCO Radio host (Forward Party)
Tamara Uselman, school administrator
Brandon Millholland-Corcoran

 Declined 
Tom Bakk, state senator and DFL candidate for governor in 2010
Christopher Chamberlin, candidate for governor, Senate, and House in 2018
Richard Painter, University of Minnesota Law School professor, former chief White House ethics lawyer, and DFL candidate for U.S. Senate in 2018 (ran for Congress)

 Endorsements 

 General election 

 Campaign 
The election's central issues were the economy, rising crime, Walz’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, education, and abortion access following the Supreme Court decision overturning Roe v. Wade.
Walz campaigned on his first-term accomplishments, such as middle-class tax cuts, while making abortion rights a prominent focus of the campaign and attacking Jensen on abortion and his COVID-19 skepticism. Jensen attacked Walz over his COVID-19 policies, crime in the Twin Cities, inflation and gas prices, and education performance.Jensen was criticized for promoting the hoax that schools provided litter boxes to students who identify as furries.

 Debates 

 Predictions 

 Endorsements 

 Polling 
Aggregate pollsGraphical summary

 Results 

 Results by county 

 By congressional district 
Walz and Jensen each won 4 of 8 congressional districts.

 See also 
2022 United States gubernatorial elections
2022 Minnesota elections
2022 Minnesota Senate election
2022 Minnesota House of Representatives election
Litter boxes in schools hoax

 Notes 

Partisan clients

 References 

 External links 
Elections & Voting - Minnesota Secretary of StateOfficial campaign websitesCory Hepola (F) for Governor
Scott Jensen (R) for Governor
James McCaskel (LMN) for Governor
Hugh McTavish (I) for Governor
Brandon Millholland-Corcoran (I) for Governor
Darrell Paulsen (GLC) for Governor
Tim Walz (D) for Governor
Chris Wright (LMN) for Governor

Catfishing
Catfishing refers to the creation of a fictitious online persona, or fake identity (typically on social networking platforms), with the intent of deception, usually to mislead a victim into an online romantic relationship or to commit financial fraud. Perpetrators, usually referred to as catfish, generally use fake photos and lie about their personal lives to present themselves as more attractive for financial gain, personal satisfaction, evasion of legal consequences, or to troll. Public awareness surrounding catfishing has increased in recent years, partially attributed an increase in the occurrence of the practice combined with a number of high-profile instances.

 Etymology 
The term was introduced with the release of the 2010 American documentary film Catfish, following executive producer Nev Schulman, himself a victim of catfishing. Schulman had developed an online friendship with a 40-year-old housewife mainly presenting herself as an 18-year-old girl from the Midwestern United States. In the documentary, the woman's husband compares her behavior to that of a catfish being shipped with live cod.This urban legend originated from Essays in Rebellion (1913) by Henry Nevinson and The Catfish (1913) by Charles Marriott and refers to the practice of placing a catfish in a tank full of cod for the purposes of shipping. The impostor, or catfish, is said to prevent the cod from becoming pale and lethargic, ensuring the delivery of a high-quality product. Catfish: The TV Show, airing on MTV since 2012, follows Schulman as he helps others investigate possible catfish situations.The term spiked in popularity in 2013 after University of Notre Dame football star Manti Te'o was publicly catfished. The 2013 court case Zimmerman v. Board of Trustees of Ball State University saw the first legal use of the term catfishing, with the judge using the Urban Dictionary definition.Catfish was added to the eleventh edition of the Merriam-Webster Collegiate Dictionary in 2014. An associate editor at Merriam-Webster noted that the word was "such a sensation from the moment that it came on the scene," attributing its popularity to both Schulman's documentary and the Manti Te'o story.

 Practice and sociology 
Catfishing is often employed on dating websites, social media, and email by perpetrators to disassociate from their real-life identities and shield themselves from moral obligations or responsibilities. Motivations for catfishing are typically malevolent and may include sexual, financial, or social gain. The practice is often attributed to the online disinhibition effect. Typically, the catfish uses someone else's photos and personal details to make themselves appear genuine, while the individual whose identity is being exploited is unaware that their information is being used.In certain cases, catfishing is used as a means for individuals to explore and express their gender and sexual identity, particularly in online environments conducive to anonymity. Commonly, perpetrators will portray themselves as the opposite gender on social media and dating apps to interact with unsuspecting individuals.Perpetrators of catfishing are often seeking financial gain. In 2015, three girls managed to steal $3,300 from the Islamic State after being approached by a recruitment officer to join the terrorist organization. After receiving money for supposed travel to Syria, the girls deleted their account and kept the money for personal travel.Catfishing has also been used as a tactic to stop criminal activity. In 2004, Dateline NBC produced the segment To Catch a Predator, documenting undercover officers using fake online profiles to lure pedophiles into spaces where meetings with supposed minors had been arranged.Catfishing can also be used as a tactic to cyberbully or attack individuals online while working under a false identity, making the harassment difficult to trace.

 Signs 
While catfishing can take many forms, some common behaviors and characteristics have been defined:

Follow requests and/or messages from unknown persons, sometimes impersonating a celebrity, often marked by low follower count and lack of account verification.
Inconsistencies with names, pictures, or information appearing on profiles that ostensibly belong to the same individual.
Love bombing.
Refusal to video chat or talk on the phone.
Requesting money, usually justified with a backstory and/or promise of repayment.
Isolation of victim from real-life social circles and/or insisting the relationship remain a secret.

 Dangers 
Catfishing can lead to serious potential dangers. In some cases, catfish have lured victims into threatening in-person meetings, such as in the 2002 murder of Kacie Woody and the 2007 murder of Carly Ryan. Sexual predators utilize catfishing to gain the trust of minors and/or other vulnerable people to acquire sensitive information and illicit photographs. Catfishing has also been linked to a number of suicides, such as the 2006 suicide of Megan Meier.

 Notable instances 

 Alicia Kozakiewicz 
Sometime between 2000 and 2001, 13-year-old Alicia Kozakiewicz befriended 38-year-old Scot Tyree of Herndon, Virginia in a Yahoo! Messenger chat room while he was posing as a boy her age. On January 1, 2002, the two planned to meet near Kozakiewicz's Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania home. After coercing Kozakiewicz into his vehicle, Tyree drove her to his home where he shackled her and held her captive,  livestreaming her rape and torture from his basement dungeon. A Florida viewer submitted an anonymous tip to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) after recognizing Kozakiewicz from news stories and a National Center for Missing & Exploited Children flyer. After tracing Tyree's IP address, the FBI stormed the house and freed Kozakiewicz on January 4 at 4:10 PM. Kozakiewicz has gone on to become a motivational speaker, an internet safety and missing persons advocate, and founder of The Alicia Project.

 Kacie Woody 
In 2002, 13-year-old Kacie Woody (screen name: modelbehavior63) of Holland, Arkansas began an online friendship with a supposed 17-year-old boy, Dave Fagen (screen name: jazzman_df) from California, who was actually 47-year-old David Fuller from La Mesa. Fuller travelled to Arkansas and abducted Woody from her home on December 3. Investigation by Arkansas law enforcement and the FBI led to the discovery of the bodies of Woody and Fuller in a rented minivan inside a Guardsmart Storage facility in Conway. Fuller had sedated Woody with chloroform, bound, raped, and shot her in the head before shooting himself upon the arrival of law enforcement. Woody's friends and family subsequently founded the Kacie Woody Foundation to educate parents and children about internet safety. Her case appeared on the Investigation Discovery television shows Web of Lies and Man With a Van.

 Suicide of Megan Meier 
The suicide of 13-year-old Megan Meier in October 2006 is attributed to catfishing and cyberbullying committed by Lori Drew, the mother of Meier's classmate and neighbor. After claims that Meier was spreading false rumors about her daughter, Drew created a fake Myspace account under the alias of a 16-year-old boy named Josh Evans and befriended Meier, claiming to have recently moved to the nearby city of O'Fallon, Missouri. On October 16, Drew began sending hateful messages to Meier over Myspace and AOL Instant Messenger, the last of which reading "the world would be a better place without you."  The same day, Meier was found dead in her closet, having hanged herself with a belt. After failed attempts to revive her, Meier was pronounced dead on October 17. In 2008, Drew was indicted and convicted of violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, but the conviction was later vacated by a federal judge on a post-trial verdict. In 2009, Drew was acquitted of cyberbullying in United States v. Drew. Tina Meier, Megan's mother, founded the Megan Meier Foundation, an organization intended to fight cyberbullying.

 Carly Ryan 
In 2006, 14-year-old Carly Ryan of South Australia began an online relationship with a supposed American-Australian teen, Brandon Kane, who was actually 50-year-old serial pedophile Garry Francis Newman. In January 2007, Newman travelled from Melbourne to attend Ryan's 15th birthday party, posing as Kane's father. Sonya Ryan, Carly's mother, asked him to leave after he displayed erratic and inappropriate behavior. About three weeks later, Ryan was reported missing after not returning home the morning after a sleepover with friends. Her body was found floating in Horseshoe Bay, Port Elliot after being beaten, smothered with beach sand, and thrown into the ocean. Newman was arrested in connection with the crime and was found guilty of the murder in January 2010, when he was sentenced to life in prison with a 29-year non-parole period. Sonya Ryan founded the Carly Ryan Foundation and successfully lobbied for Carly's Law to be enacted to protect Australian minors online.

 Thomas Montgomery and Mary Shieler 
In 2007, Thomas Montgomery (screen name: marinesniper), a 47-year-old married man pretending to be an 18-year-old male Marine named Tommy, ended up in a love triangle with Mary Shieler (screen name: talhotblond), a middle-aged married woman pretending to be an 18-year-old woman named Jessi, and a co-worker of Montgomery's, 22-year-old Brian Barrett (screen name: beefcake). The situation resulted in Montgomery murdering Barrett in a fit of jealousy. The events were covered by 2009 documentary film and the subsequent movie adaptation, Talhotblond.

 Manti Te'o 
On September 12, 2012, University of Notre Dame football star Manti Te'o announced to media outlets that his girlfriend, Stanford University student Lennay Kekua, had died of leukemia. The cancer was supposedly discovered while Kekua was undergoing treatment for injuries suffered in a car accident. Te'o did not miss any games for Notre Dame, saying he had made a promise to Kekua to play even if something happened to her. The tragedy was heavily reported on during Te'o's strong 2012 season and emergence as a Heisman Trophy candidate. On January 6, 2013, Deadspin published an article alleging that Kekua did not exist, pointing to an individual named Ronaiah Tuiasosopo as the perpetrator of a hoax relationship. Pictures of Kekua that had been published in the media were actually of Diane O'Meara, a former classmate of Tuiasosopo. On the same day the Deadspin article was published, Notre Dame issued a statement saying that "Manti had been the victim of what appears to be a hoax in which someone using the fictitious name Lennay Kekua apparently ingratiated herself with Manti and then conspired with others to lead him to believe she had tragically died of leukemia." Te'o became a popular target of jokes and insults after the story broke, with Dan Wetzel claiming "he lost his confidence, his swagger, even his interest in meeting and talking with people in public."

 The University of Virginia rape hoax story 
In 2014, a Washington Post article alleged that the Rolling Stone University of Virginia rape hoax may have been an example of catfishing in which a young woman posed as a made-up upperclassman online to stay in communication with her love interest, a young man who did not reciprocate her feelings.

 Lydia Abdelmalek serial catfishing 
From at least mid-2011 until her arrest in mid-2016, Lydia Abdelmalek of Melbourne, Victoria assumed the identities of Australian actor Lincoln Lewis and British actor Danny Mac online. Her actions resulted in the suicide of one victim, who had attended primary school with the actual Lewis, a fact that was discovered and exploited by Abdelmalek. In 2019, she was found guilty of stalking six people and was sentenced to jail for one year and nine months. In 2022, she failed to overturn her conviction and her appeal resulted in her re-sentencing to jail for four years, with a non-parole period of two years and eight months.

 Kirat Assi 
In June 2021, the first successful civil claim relating to a catfishing scam in the common law world (Kirat Assi v. Simran Kaur Bhogal) was won in the United Kingdom. Assi, a British radio presenter discovered she was the victim of a nine-year catfishing campaign perpetrated by her younger cousin Bhogal, a former Barclays investment banker.

 Benjamin Obadiah Foster 
In 2023, Benjamin Obadiah Foster was convicted in Nevada of holding a woman captive in his apartment. At the time of the conviction, Foster was in Oregon torturing another woman he was keeping in captivity. Police reported he was using dating apps to find new victims, likely altering his appearance. After an hours-long standoff with police surrounding his home, Foster committed suicide.

 See also 

 References 

 External links 
 The dictionary definition of catfishing at Wiktionary

Syd Lim
Syd Lim, also credited in eastern name order as Im Seung-yong (Korean: 임승용; Born October 20, 1970), is a South Korean film actor, planner, and producer.Lim started his filmmaking career at Walt Disney, where he worked for two and a half years in the fields of film distribution, marketing, and copyright management. Afterward, he joined Bear Entertainment, marking his producing debut with film Humanist (2001). In 2003, he proceeded to establish SIO Film. Then, in 2009, Lim sold SIO Film to Barunson E&A and joined the company, assuming the dual roles of CEO of SIO Film and Vice President (head of Barunson's film division).In 2012, Syd Lim established Yong Film. Since 2022, Yong Film has become a subsidiary of CJ ENM. After the merger and acquisition in October 2023, Yong Film has become a label under CJ Studio, with Syd Lim still serving as the CEO of the label.He is highly regarded in the industry for his exceptional ability to identify and adapt films across various genres. Syd Lim has successfully developed and produced numerous projects based on comics, novels, and classic tales, which have garnered both commercial success and critical acclaim. Notable examples include Park Chan-wook's Old Boy (2003) and The Handmaiden (2016), as well as Kim Dae-woo's The Servant (2010), among others.

 Early life and education 
Lim developed a passion for movies during high school. He would pretend to study hard just to watch MBC's movie program, Weekend Masterpiece every Saturday without getting scolded by his mother. When his parents made the decision to emigrate to the United States, he saw it as an opportunity to pursue his passion and chose to stay behind. When he visit his home in US during his three months vacations, he would rent videos from various places, including the USC Library and UCLA Library. He developed a particular fondness for French films like René Clément's Purple Noon which starred Alain Delon, and Claude Lelouch's A Man and a Woman. Despite not fully grasping the storyline Purple Noon, he found it so captivating that he ended up keeping the rented video past its due date. Additionally, he watched Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon more than 30 times, as he had a habit of attentively studying and analyzing a single film. Mystery movies also held a special place in his heart, with Alfred Hitchcock being one of his favorite directors.Lim graduated from Yonsei University with a degree in Korean Language and Literature. He made a decision to renounce his U.S. green card and did his mandatory military enlistment. After serving a full two years, two months, and six days, he was discharged. Prior to that, during a break from military duty, he had a casual conversation over drinks with an acquaintance who offered him an interview opportunity. Soon after discharging, Lim joined Walt Disney Korea's direct distribution agency. During his two and a half years at Disney, he had the privilege of reviewing upcoming film scripts. He also actively participated in an overseas promotional tour. The experience proved to be invaluable in terms of acquiring knowledge and tools related to film distribution, copyright management, and marketing, all of which are important within the commercial film industry. During his time at Disney, he pursued his studies in the Graduate School of Korean Language and Literature at Yonsei University. His master's thesis, titled 'A Study on Scenario Adaptation of a Novel – Focusing on "The Aimless Bullet" (1961)', analyzed the differences between the screenplay of Yu Hyun-mok's film adaptation of The Aimless Bullet and the original novel by Yi Bom-seon.

 Career 

 Early career (2000–2003) 
Lim began his career as a producer immediately after leaving Disney. This transition came about following a significant event in his life: the unexpected passing of his mother, who was the sole supporter of his filmmaking aspirations."It was a significant blow when my mother, who was the only one in my family to support my passion for filmmaking, passed away. At that time, Kim Dae-woo, a renowned screenwriter, unexpectedly summoned me to Chungmuro. He reprimanded me, asking why someone who wanted to pursue filmmaking was hiding. His words deeply resonated with me: "Even if you stumble, get hurt, and tumble, you have to experience it firsthand to understand the path downward. If you continue clinging from above, you will never truly know, right?""Afterward, Lim obtained employment at Bear Entertainment, where he worked under the leadership of CEO Lee Seo-yeol. His inaugural project as a producer was the film The Humanist (2001), directed by Lee Moo-young. It was during this time that he had the chance to meet Park Chan-wook, the film's screenwriter.Spring Bears Love is a 2003 film directed by Yong Yi and produced by E-son Film. The film stars Bae Doo-na and Kim Nam-jin. It is a romantic comedy about a female employee of a large retail store who borrows an art book from the library for her ailing father. After seeing a relay love letter written in each book, she sets out to find the main character. The film combines elements of romantic mystery drama and romantic fantasy, drawing inspiration from the novel Le Souligneur (The Underliner) by French writer Caroline Bongrand.While taking a break at home, Lim received a recommendation from his junior about the Japanese manga series Old Boy, written by Garon Tsuchiya and illustrated by Nobuaki Minegishi. Intrigued, Lim decided to read it and was captivated by the story. Lim was reported to have first contacted Park Chan-wook with the idea for the project, followed by reaching out to actor Choi Min-sik to confirm his involvement. Lim promptly traveled to Japan to visit Futabashiya, the copyright holder for manga series Old Boy, and signed a copyright contract. It took less than two weeks from the moment Lim read the manga to his decision to go to Japan and acquire the copyright. Just two days after signing the contract, a comprehensive agreement on the project was reached over a glass of Soju.During the production of Oldboy, Lim served as the general producer, overseeing planning, storywriting, filming, post-production, and scheduling, including overseas trips. He had close relationship with the people he worked with on Oldboy, including director Park Chan-wook and screenwriter Hwang Jo-yoon, who was his fellow student for eight years. The production and planning team also consisted of individuals with previous collaborations with Lim.Oldboy depicts the story of (Choi Min-sik), who is inexplicably confined in a hotel-like cell for 15 years without knowledge of his captor's identity or motives. Upon his release, Dae-su becomes entangled in conspiracy and violence while seeking vengeance against the mysterious Lee Woo-jin (Yoo Ji-tae). As his pursuit unfolds, he falls in love with Mi-do (Kang Hye-jung), a young sushi chef. The film Oldboy has received critical acclaim, and is recognized as an influential cult classic. Its action sequences, particularly the noteworthy single shot, have garnered praise.

 SIO Film and Barunson (2003–2011) 
The tremendous success of Oldboy brought Korean cinema to the attention of film enthusiasts worldwide, leading Lim to establish his own film production company, Sio Film (시오필름). The production company was already registered as a corporation. Lim had plans to change his title to CEO from the next work. However, Lim continued working as a producer until his next project. He considered the science fiction genre and aimed to create a company that could consistently produce two or three films a year.SIO Film made its debut in film production with founding work Crying Fist (2005), directed by Ryoo Seung-wan. It was the first Korean film to receive permission to film inside a prison. With a net production cost of 3.9 billion won, it was co-produced with T Film and Bravo Entertainment. The film was showcased in Directors' Fortnight section of the 2005 Cannes Film Festival. The film garnered a total of 1,728,477 admissions nationwide.Lim proceeded to produce The Beast and The Beauty (2005), Project Makeover (2006), and Big Bang (2007). However these films received a lukewarm response from audiences.T Entertainment CEO Kim Tae-eun made an announcement on March 15, 2007, stating that the company would acquire Siofilm. Through the acquisition of existing shares, T Entertainment obtained a 29.3% stake in Siofilm, which accounted for a total of 190,832 shares, at a cost of 2.29 billion won. As part of the transaction, Sio film's CEO Lim allocated 1.825 billion won of the stake sale amount to a third party.Then, in 2009, Lim made the decision to sell Sio Film to Barunson E&A and joined the company, assuming the dual roles of CEO of Sio Film and Vice President (head of Barunson's film division).Lim's first project in his dual roles at Barunson was Director Jeong Yong-ki's The Righteous Thief. The film centers around a modern-day family of robbers, comprising Hong Moo-hyuk (Lee Beom-soo), a high school music teacher and the 18th-generation descendant of Hong Gil-dong, his father Hong Man-seok (Park In-hwan), his mother Seok Myeong-ae (Kim Ja-ok), and his younger brother Hong Chan-hyuk (Jang Ki-bum). Other key characters include Hong Moo-hyuk's lover Song Yeon-hwa (Lee Si-young), prosecutor Song Jae-pil (Sung Dong-il), and detective Lee Jeong-min (Kim Su-ro).It was followed by The Servant, a 2010 South Korean historical romantic drama directed and written by Kim Dae-woo. Starring Kim Joo-hyuk, Jo Yeo-jeong and Ryoo Seung-bum, the film offers a unique perspective on the renowned Korean folktale Chunhyangjeon by narrating the story from the viewpoint of Lee Mong-ryong's servant, the male protagonist. The film surpassed 1 million viewers within a week of its release, and then surpassed 2 million within 17 days. Despite the June 2nd local elections and the South Africa World Cup, the film achieved great success at the box office, attracting a total of 3,014,523 viewers.Lim once again collaborated with Kim Joo-hyuk in the 2011 film Couples. Directed by Jeong Yong-ki, Couples is a romantic comedy film that serves as a remake of Kenji Uchida's 2005 Japanese film A Stranger of Mine. The screenplay for the movie was adapted by Lee Gae-byok. The film features an ensemble cast including Kim Joo-hyuk, Lee Yoon-ji, Lee Si-young, Oh Jeong-se, and Gong Hyeong-jin. Notably, this movie marks the screen debut of Lee Yoon-ji who had previously worked in theater. The production of Couples were led by producer duo, Seo Woo-sik and Syd Lim.

 Yong film 
In August 2012, Lim established his new film production company, Yong Film ((주)용필름).  The company's motto, "Crazy, Story, Imagination," is featured beneath its logo. During the logo design process, Lim collaborated with three directors he worked with to define Yong Film's desired identity, as the company serves as their current and future workplace. Park Chan-wook chose "Crazy" to capture the essence of chaos and passion in their work. Jung Ji-woo suggested "Story," as Yong Film places great importance on storytelling and engages in discussions with directors during the development stage, regardless of their personal style. Baik's suggestion of "Imagination" resonated with Lim's preference for narrative experiences that stimulate the viewer's imagination, rather than relying on real-life scenarios. Baik, a close friend who understands Lim's personality well, believed that the combined words chosen by the directors perfectly aligned with Yong Film's overarching motto. These phrases represent a commitment to creating movies with these qualities in the future.First work of Yong Film was the action thriller film The Target. This movie is a remake of Fred Cavayé's 2010 French film Point Blank. Initially, Jeon Jae-hong was slated to direct the project, but ultimately, it was handed over to Yoon Hong-seung (who also goes by the pseudonym Chang). The screenplay was penned by writer Jeon Cheol-hong. Co-produced by Barunson, the film later secured a production and supply contract with a budget of approximately 4.2 billion won, in collaboration with CJ E&M. The partnership between the two companies stipulated a 20% share of the net profit upon its realization. The movie generated significant buzz in Chungmuro even before production commenced, thanks to the involvement of esteemed actors such as Ryu Seung-ryong, Yoo Jun-sang, Jo Yeo-jeong, Kim Seong-ryeong, Lee Jin-wook, Jin Goo, and Jo Eun-ji.The Target was also showcased out of competition in the Midnight Screenings section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival. It was released on April 30, 2014, and despite placing third at the box office, it had a solid opening, behind The Fatal Encounter (another Korean film released on the same day) and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. In its first week, The Target attracted 1.35 million admissions and earned ₩6.63 billion (US$6.46 million), capturing a market share of 21.5%. On its second week, the film rose to second place at the box office, accumulating a total of over 2 million admissions from 716 screens nationwide.Lim and Baik met for the first time while working on Oldboy. Lim was a producer, and Baik handled the title design. Although they were good friends for a long time, they never talked about making a movie together. Baik saw the 2012 American social film The Beauty Inside and recommended Lim to take a look. Lim later called him to offer Baik to do the film himself. Initially hesitant, Baik ultimately accepted Lim's offer due to the appeal of exploring an ingenious subject matter. It is Baik's feature film debut, after a career directing commercials.The Beauty Inside is a romantic comedy that revolves around a man named Woo-jin who wakes up in a different body and face each day, with only his mother, Moon-sook, and his friend, Sang-baek, portrayed by Lee Dong-hwi, being aware of his secret. However, when Woo-jin accidentally encounters Lee Soo, played by Han Hyo-joo, he falls in love with her and decides to reveal his extraordinary secret? The film features an impressive cast of 123 individuals as Woo-jin, including 21 actors such as Kim Dae-myung, Do Ji-han, Bae Seong-woo, Park Shin-hye, Lee Beom-soo, Park Seo-jun, Kim Sang-ho, Chun Woo-hee, Ueno Juri, Lee Jae-jun, Kim Min-jae, Lee Hyun-woo, Jo Dal-hwan, Lee Jin-wook, Hong Da-mi, Seo Kang-jun, Kim Hee-won, Lee Dong-wook, Go Ah-seong, Kim Joo-hyuk, and Yoo Yeon-seok.  Many of the 21 actors who played Woo-jin participated in the work due to their relationship with Lim.The Beauty Inside was released on August 20th, 2015 in South Korea. The Beauty Inside garnered a total gross of US$14,291,242 from 2,057,896 ticket admissions in total.Lim's subsequent production, Luck Key is an action comedy film directed by Lee Gae-byok, starring Yoo Hae-jin in the lead role. The original work of Luck Key is Kenji Uchida's Japanese comedy film Key of Life. Lee Gae-byok has been in a relationship with Lim since their collaboration on director Park Chan-wook's film Oldboy in 2003. During the production of Oldboy, Lee Gae-byok served as an assistant director, while Lim was the head of the production company and a producer.Luck Key was released on October 13, 2016. Prior to its release, the target audience discussed with the investment company was estimated to be between 2.5 and 3 Million people, with 2.5 Million as the break-even point. However, to everyone's surprise, the film garnered an enormous audience of 6.8 million people by November 14th, surpassing expectations and achieving remarkable success at the box office. In fact, the final number exceeded 6.9 million, making it one of highest-grossing films in South Korea.

 Collaboration with Moho Film: The Handmaiden 
Lim read Sarah Waters' novel Fingersmith and wanted to adapt it into a film. This novel had never been made into a film, except for the BBC drama Fingersmith (2005) starring Sally Hawkins and Elaine Cassidy. Lim recommended the novel to Park Chan-wook. Acting upon Lim's suggestion, Park and his wife read the novel Fingersmith together. When Director Park was thinking about his next film after Thirst, his wife suggested, "Why don't you do Fingersmith?" Lim acquired the copyright in 2012. However Park had decided to do Hollywood film called Stoker first, so He asked Lim to postpone the project. In 2013, Park Chan-wook invited writer Sarah Waters to attend the London premiere of Stoker, where they had a pleasant exchange. Waters did not provide any specific instructions for the film adaptation.The original Fingersmith is set in Victorian England during the 1860s, focusing on the intricate scheme involving two women, Susan and Maud. As the producer, Lim suggested changing the time and setting of the story to 1930s Korea and Japan. The main characters include Lady Hideko (Kim Min-hee), a noble heiress; Fujiwara (Ha Jung-woo), a con man posing as a Japanese count; and Nam Sook-hee (Kim Tae-ri), a pickpocket who becomes Lady Hideko's maid. The film is divided into three parts. Part one is narrated by Nam Sook-hee, who is hired by Fujiwara to work as a maid and assist him in deceiving Lady Hideko. The second part shifts to Lady Hideko's perspective and delves into her traumatic upbringing by her aunt (Moon So-ri) and her uncle Kouzuki (Cho Jin-woong). Twists and turns unfold before reaching a thrilling conclusion in the final chapter. While the first part closely follows the novel, the other two parts are loosely adapted.Park Chan-wook enlisted his frequent collaborators for the project. Writer Jeong Seo-kyeong worked on the screenplay, while production designer Ryu Seong-hui, editor Kim Jae-bum, and cinematographer Chung Chung-hoon contributed to the film's aesthetic and technical aspects. The Handmaiden received numerous accolades and recognition, including several awards at international film festivals and the BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language. The film was praised for its intricate plot twists, lush cinematography, and the performances of its cast.

 Yong's film pivotal years 
After 12 years, Lim and Choi Min-shik reunited for the Korean film Heart Blackened, which is a remake of Fei Xing's Chinese film Silent Witness. This project marks their third collaboration, as they had previously worked together on Old Boy and Crying Fist. Additionally, this film serves as a reunion between Director Jeong Ji-woo and actor Choi Min-sik, who had previously worked together 18 years earlier on Happy End (1999).The story begins with the tragic murder of singer Yoo-na (Lee Ha-nui), the fiancée of Lim Tae-san (Choi Min-sik), a powerful and influential man. Lim Tae-san's own daughter, Lim Mira (Lee Soo-kyung), becomes the prime suspect in the crime. Determined to prove Mira's innocence, Lim Tae-san seeks the help of Choi Hee-jeong (Park Shin-hye), a young lawyer who firmly believes in Mira's innocence and rejects the assistance of high-profile attorneys. The courtroom battle intensifies as they strive to uncover the truth behind the events of that fateful day, a seven-hour period. Despite Mira's lack of memory, the presence of Kim Dong-myeong (Ryu Jun-yeol), a devoted fan of Yoo-na, possessing crucial CCTV footage, takes the case in an unforeseen direction.After discussing with director Jeong Ji-woo, Lim decided to include Lee Chung-hyun in the screenplay adaptation for this project. As the producer, Lim was impressed by Lee's talent after viewing his short film Bargain and recognized Lee's potential. Rather than immediately assigning Lee to direct his own film, Lim had him contribute to the scripts of Heart Blackened.Yong Film's next project was an action crime film that a remake of Johnnie To's 2012 film Drug War. For a few years, Lim and director Lee Hae-young had occasional meetings over tea before Lim proposed the idea for Believer. Lim recognized the potential in the films that Lee Hae-young had previously shown him, and after their meetings and discussions, he came to admire Lee Hae-young's unique style. Despite having no prior experience in directing action movies, director Lee Hae-young took charge of the project.Believer showcases the posthumous film performance of actor Kim Joo-hyuk. Lim and the late Kim Joo-hyuk had a strong bond and had the opportunity to collaborate on multiple occasions. It was Lim who personally recommended Kim Joo-hyuk for the role of Jin Ha-rim. Lim had been encouraging Kim Joo-hyuk to act a villainous character since their previous work together on The Servant.Believer premiered in South Korea on May 22, 2018, and an extended version was later released in theaters on July 18, 2018. The film achieved great success with an audience of 5.2 million viewers. Lim considered this to be a pivotal one for Yong Film.In 2019, Yong Film released their first film with an original screenplay, Cheer Up, Mr. Lee. The film tells the story of Cheol-soo (Cha Seung-won), a physically fit and handsome man with a mental disability, who lives with his younger brother's family (Park Hae-joon) and works at their restaurant. One day, Cheol-soo's ex-mother-in-law (Kim Hye-ok) asks him to help find a nearby hospital. At the hospital, Cheol-soo encounters Saet-byeol (Um Chae-young), his sick daughter. Saet-byeol decides to sneak out of the hospital to get an autograph from a famous baseball player, and Cheol-soo unexpectedly joins her on the journey.Lim, who shared the behind-the-scenes details of Cheer Up, Mr. Lee, revealed that the screenplay was a collaboration between director Lee Gae-byok and director Han Jang-hyuk, who served as the assistant director of the film Old Boy (2003). Originally centered around a mother and son, the script went through several development stages. Lim suggested to director Lee Gae-byok that he should direct the film. After reading the script, Lee Gae-byok decided to change the story to focus on a father and daughter, reflecting his own personal experience. The project has numerous connections with a development process spanning over 15 years.Lim produced The Call, director Lee Chung-hyun's feature film debut as a director. It is a psychological thriller film that is based on the 2011 British and Puerto Rican film The Caller, which was released in Korea in 2012. The Korean adaptation revolves around two women, Seo-yeon (played by Park Shin-hye) and Young-sook (played by Jeon Jong-seo), who exist in different time periods. Through a mysterious phone call, their fates become entangled, leading to a series of unexpected events. The film explores themes of destiny, connection, and the consequences of altering the course of one's life. Originally, The Call was intended for a theatrical release. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the plans had to be changed, and the film's theatrical release was canceled.Lee Chung-hyun's next project was the short film Heart Attack! It was a romantic time travel story starring Lee Sung-kyung and produced in collaboration between Samsung and Yong Film. Lee Chung-hyun, known for his passion for short films, accepted Samsung's offer immediately after completing The Call. The film reunited director of photography Kim Sang-il from "Ransom" and the staff of The Call. Kim Sang-il was able to film the extensive storyboard within a three-day timeframe using five Galaxy phones. The story followed a woman who fell in love at first sight with a man but tragically lost him. She then turned back time to save him. The short film was exclusively released on October 6 through the OTT service Watcha.20th Century Girl is the second feature film produced by Yong Film with an original story, showcasing the creative vision of director Bang Woo-ri. The script was inspired by the director's personal experience of exchanging diaries with a close friend. The film is set in Cheongju, the director's hometown. Starring Kim Yoo-jung, Byeon Woo-seok, Park Jung-woo, and Roh Yoon-seo, the story revolves around themes of friendship and first love, capturing the essence of youthful emotions and experiences. The story takes place in the year 1999. It was made available exclusively on Netflix on October 21, 2022.

 Yong film as label under CJ Studio 
In February 2022, CJ ENM acquired a stake in Yong Film through a mutual transfer. This acquisition made Yong Film a subsidiary of CJ ENM under the Film Division.In April 2023, CJ ENM established CJ ENM Studios as a 100% owned subsidiary, led by CEO Ha Yong-su. The establishment of CJ Studios involved a significant in-kind investment of 70 billion won. The primary objective of CJ Studios is to produce diverse content across various genres for global OTT (online video service) platforms. By leveraging the content production capabilities of its different subsidiaries, CJ Studios aims to create synergy and position itself as a major production company. The proven success of Studio Dragon, another production company under CJ ENM, serves as an inspiring model for this ambitious endeavor.In July 2022, CJ Studios made key leadership appointments. Yoon Je-kyoon, the CEO of JK Film, joined as co-CEO of CJ Studios, overseeing the content division, while CEO Ha Yong-su assumed responsibility for the management division. Additionally, Oh Kwang-hee, the CEO of Bon Factory, was appointed as the head of CJ Studios Content Division.On October 25, 2022, CJ ENM announced its intention to consolidate its production house subsidiaries under the umbrella of CJ ENM Studios. This consolidation encompasses several companies that CJ ENM acquired shares in and transformed into subsidiaries between 2016 and 2021. These companies include Bone Factory Co., Ltd., JK Film Co., Ltd., Vlad Studio Co., Ltd., M Makers Co., Ltd., Moho Film Co., Ltd., Yong Film Co., Ltd., Cartoon Family Co., Ltd., and Egg Is Coming Co., Ltd. The plan involves two steps: first, acquiring any remaining shares to make each subsidiary a 100% owned subsidiary, and then merging them into CJ Studios. Throughout this process, the company name will be retained as a brand or label. As part of the merger and acquisition (M&A) process, CJ Studios acquired shares of Yong Film worth approximately KRW 15.886 billion, leading to an increased shareholding ratio of 100%. The acquisition involved 5,000 shares at an acquisition price of 3,177,100 won. As a result, Lim, the CEO of Yong Film, received a payout of 15.9 billion won.Yong Film hosted its annual event, Yong Night, on December 7, 2022, following its new status as label under CJ Studio. At the event, CEO Lim revealed Yong Film's upcoming lineup, which comprised numerous film titles in the planning phase and several titles for OTT series.Yong Film is preparing The Jailbreaker (working title) with Director Park Chan-wook. Based on the Michael Robotum's novel Life or Death, the story revolves around a man who escapes from prison one day before his release. Yong Film and director Park Chan-wook's Moho Film will co-produce the film, with Park Chan-wook directing and writing the screenplay.One of the highlighted series in the lineup is currently referred to as "Mangnaein." This series is a collaboration between renowned directors Kim Jee-woon and Park Bo-ram. It is an adaptation of the crime novel 'Second Sister' by Hong Kong writer Chan Ho Kei. Yong Film is partnering with Anthology Studio and SK Global to produce the series.Believer 2 is an action crime film directed by Baek Jong-yul, serves as a midquel to the 2018 film Believer. In Believer 2, the story continues with Won-ho's investigation as he searches for "Rak," who disappeared after Brian's arrest. The film delves deep into the intricate workings of an elusive drug cartel. Released in 2023, it features an ensemble cast including Cho Jin-woong, Cha Seung-won, Han Hyo-joo, Oh Seung-hoon, Kim Dong-young, and Lee Joo-young. The movie premiered at the 28th Busan International Film Festival in the 'Korean Cinema Today - Special Premiere' section on October 5, 2023. Following its premiere, Believer 2 became available for streaming on Netflix starting from November 17, 2023.

 Personal life 
Lim's spouse, Jeong Yeon-hee, earned her degree in Library Science from Sookmyung Women's University and previously worked as a librarian. Currently, she acts as an advisor to Lim, actively engaging in reading diverse scenarios and collaborating with him to produce films. She frequently travels overseas for work.Lim's father, Lim Hae-hom, served as the chairman of Rock Heaven. Furthermore, Lim has two younger brothers named Lim Yeon-sung and Hugh Lim.Lim has many hobbies. He collects film CDs and DVDs as a cinephile, enjoys building a collection of various liquors, with a particular love for whiskey. He is also a collector of fountain pens.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Web series 

 Accolades 

 Awards and nominations 

 Listicle 

 Note 

 Reference 

 External link 
Syd Lim at the Korean Movie Database
Syd Lim at IMDb

Al Mayadeen
Al Mayadeen (Arabic: الميادين, transl. "The Plazas") is a Hezbollah-aligned Lebanese pan-Arabist satellite news television channel based in the city of Beirut. Launched on 11 June 2012, it has news reporters in most of the Arab countries. In the pan-Arabist television news market, it competes against Qatar-owned Al Jazeera and Saudi-owned Al Arabiya, and also against Sky News Arabia and BBC News Arabic. At the time it was founded, most of the channel's senior staff were former correspondents and editors of Al Jazeera. Al Mayadeen has widely been categorized as pro-Hezbollah and pro-Bashar al-Assad.

 Ownership and network 
The channel is part of the Al Mayadeen satellite media network, which includes: a production company; a radio station; a website in Arabic, English, and Spanish; an advertising company; and other media-related projects. Along with the original headquarters in Beirut, Al Mayadeen maintains news networks and three major regional offices, one in Tunisia, another in Cairo, and a third in Tehran.When it was launched, the channel said that its owners are anonymous Arab businessmen. There was speculation about the channel's funding, with commentators suggesting the channel is funded by Iran and Hezbollah, although this was denied by the channel's director. Omar Ibhais, a freelance Lebanese TV producer, stated that the channel is a joint venture between the Iranians and Rami Makhlouf, cousin of Syrian President Bashar Assad.In 2019, a report by the London School of Economics Middle East Centre said the channel was "probably" funded by Iran. In December 2023, a report by the Denis Diderot Committee argued that the broadcast of the channel by two Euteslat Group satellites are uplinked from two Italian teleports without the mandatory autorisation of the Italian communication authority, AGCOM. The President of the Authority announced that a police investigation was launched.

 Staff 
Tunisian journalist Ghassan bin Jiddo heads Al Mayadeen as the chair of the board of directors and program director of the channel. He is the former head of Al Jazeera's Iran and Beirut offices and a former talk show host in the channel. He resigned from the Qatar-based Al Jazeera in 2011, criticizing its reporting of the Syrian civil war. Jiddo seemingly accused Al Jazeera of deviating from "professional broadcasting standards", emphasizing that Al Mayadeen would remain objective and unbiased. Nayef Krayem, the owner of the Lebanon-based Al Ittihad TV and former director of the Hezbollah-affiliated Al-Manar, was designated as the general manager of the channel, but he resigned one month before its launch.
The staff of the channel include Lebanese journalists such as Sami Kulaib, Ali Hashem, the former Al Jazeera war correspondent, who said he resigned from the channel because it refused to broadcast footage of militants on the Lebanese Syrian borders in the early days of the Syrian uprising, Zahi Wehbe, Lina Zahreddine, Lana Mudawwar, Muhammad Alloush, Ahmad Abu Ali and Dina Zarkat. Two Syrian journalists, Ramia Ibrahim and Futoun Abbasi, and two Palestinian journalists Kamal Khalaf and Ahmad Sobh as well as Yemeni Mona Safwan are also among its staff. Like Jiddo, most of the channel's staff are former Al Jazeera correspondents and editors.George Galloway, a former British MP, was a presenter for the channel. He was paid £18,000 for the first four months of 2014, for hosting two programmes a month in Beirut. He continued to present for the station in 2016 and 2017.The channel has a network of reporters in the State of Palestine (specifically, in Gaza and Ramallah) and also, in Jerusalem, Israel. Their task is reported to provide the channel with a daily news section in the news broadcast entitled "A Window into Palestine". In addition, there are reporters of the channel in Amman, Tripoli, Rabat, Khartoum, Mauritania and Comoros. The correspondent of the channel in Damascus was withdrawn in April 2014.Omar Abdel Qader, a Syrian cameraman working for Al Mayadeen, was killed by a sniper during clashes in Deir Ezzor, Syria, on 8 March 2014.Al Mayadeen correspondent Farah Omar and camera operator Rabih Me’mari were killed in Israeli strikes in Southern Lebanon in November 2023. The channel accused Israel of deliberately targeting its journalists because of the channel's pro-Palestinian and pro-Iranian stance. Hezbollah said it had retaliated against Israel's killing of the journalists by firing across the border at an Israeli base.

 Programming 
Al Mayadeen is on air for 24 hours daily. As of September 2013, the channel had ten daily news reports and nearly 17 distinct programs. One of its programs is A Free Word, a show hosted by George Galloway. The channel had formerly aired a program, namely Hadeeth Dimashq (Arabic: Damascus dialogue), focusing on the Syrian civil war, until April 2014, when it was discontinued.In 2022, it broadcast a three-hour interview with Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah to mark the 40th anniversary of the group.

 Political alignment 
The name of the channel, Al Mayadeen, means "the squares" in English, indicating its objective "to provide coverage for the Arab popular actions on the squares of change in the context of the Arab spring revolutions". The channel states that it provides journalism, which is "committed to nationalist, pan-Arab and humanitarian issues within the template of professional journalistic objectivity". In addition, it presents itself as a "free and independent media project" with 500 staff and reporters in Arab and Western capitals. Its slogan is "Reality as it is" and its editorial policy emphasizes that Palestine and resistance movements wherever they are found are its point of reference. Following its first year of broadcast the channel began to be described as the "anti-Al Jazeera".When the channel was launched in 2012, Asharq Al-Awsat and France 24 reported that it was the latest expansion of Iran, Syria and Hezbollah in the field of media. In 2013, Joe Khalil, author of a book about television in the Arab world, told The Daily Telegraph newspaper that the station is undoubtedly supportive of Assad. The channel's alignment with Iran, Assad and Hezbollah was also expressed in a 2019 London School of Economics report and a 2021 academic publication by Israeli scholar Barak Bouks. A 2019 Danish study referred to it as Hezbollah-aligned. In 2022, The Jewish Chronicle said the channel's director, Ghassan bin Jiddo, has spoken of his "friendship" with Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah.According to the Telegraph, Al Mayadeen's head of news is married to a former adviser to Assad.  It refers to the rebels in Syria as "terrorists", and to the actions of the Syrian government against the rebels as "cleansing" when reporting the Syrian civil war.On 6 November 2015, the Saudi-controlled Arabsat satellite TV organization suspended and banned Al Mayadeen from broadcasting on its satellite system.The network has been accused of antisemitism in pieces by The Jewish Chronicle and Jewish Journal. According to Media Matters for America in 2021, Al Mayadeen used antisemitic conspiracy theories about George Soros in its coverage of the Pandora Papers "to sow doubt about whistleblowers and leaks".The network stated that the Palestinian cause is the channel's centerpiece.In September 2022, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Al Mayadeen spoke to Russian sources about setbacks in eastern Ukraine. It has referred to the Government of Ukraine as a "Nazi regime" and promoted the discredited Ukraine bioweapons conspiracy theory. British politician Jeremy Corbyn was criticised by Joan Ryan and the Simon Wiesenthal Center for appearing on the network during the war because of its perceived closeness to Iran and Hezbollah.Writing in Al Mayadeen in October 2022, Janna Al Kadri said that the death of Mahsa Amini in Iran was used by the West as an "opportunity to fuel Iran-phobia and Islamophobia". He described the hijab as "a symbol of the working class in its struggle for autonomy against the ongoing and impending assaults of imperialism".

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Mexia, Texas
Mexia (  mə-HAY-ə) is a city in Limestone County, Texas, United States. The population was 6,893 at the 2020 census.
The city's motto, based on the fact that outsiders tend to mispronounce the name as  (MEX-ee-ə), is "A great place to live, no matter how you pronounce it."Named after General José Antonio Mexía, a Mexican hero for the Republic of Texas Army during the Texas Revolution, the town was founded near his estate. Nearby attractions include Fort Parker Historical recreation, the Confederate Reunion grounds, and Mexia State Supported Living Center (formerly Mexia State School), which began as a prisoner of war camp for members of Field Marshal Erwin Rommel's Afrika Korps during World War II.
Mexia is also home to the Mexia Public Schools Museum, one of a few museums dedicated to the historical and social significance of a Texas public school system.
Late model Anna Nicole Smith attended Mexia Public Schools.
Mexia hosts a large Juneteenth celebration every year.

 Geography 
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 5.2 square miles (13 km2), all land.

 Demographics 
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 6,893 people, 2,487 households, and 1,586 families residing in the city.
As of the census of 2008, there were 6,552 people, 2,427 households, and 1,660 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,273.9 inhabitants per square mile (491.9/km2). There were 2,750 housing units at an average density of 533.8 per square mile (206.1/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 55.90% White, 31.68% African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 10.67% from other races, and 1.33% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.90% of the population.
There were 2,427 households, out of which 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were married couples living together, 19.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.6% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.21.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 30.1% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 18.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 84.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.5 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $22,785, and the median income for a family was $29,375. Males had a median income of $26,479 versus $18,138 for females. The per capita income for the city was $12,235. About 20.8% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.5% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.

 History 
Mexia was founded as a town in the 19th century. Inhabitants occupied the Fort Parker settlement near the Navasota river. The area is near where the rolling hills of the great plains begin. The hills provided grazing land for the buffalo herds, which plains Indians depended upon for sustenance. Many hunting artifacts from Native American people have been found in the creek beds and draws around Mexia. The Comanche tribe came into conflict with the white settlers in this area. The abduction of Cynthia Ann Parker took place at Fort Parker. Comanches raided the fort and took the nine-year-old Parker girl. She lived among the Comanche people into adulthood and was the mother of Quanah Parker, the last Comanche war chief.
Mexia is at the intersection of US Highway 84 and State highways 14 and 171, twelve miles northeast of Groesbeck in northeastern Limestone County. It was named for the Mexía family, who in 1833 received an eleven-league land grant that included what is now the townsite. The town was laid out in 1870 by a trustee of the Houston and Texas Central Townsite Company, which offered lots for sale in 1871, as the Houston and Texas Central Railway was completed between Hearne and Groesbeck. The Mexia post office began operation in 1872, and the community was incorporated with a mayoral form of government in 1873 by an act of the legislature.  J.C. Yarbro was the first mayor.  The city's first newspaper, the Ledger, was established in Fairfield in 1869 and moved to Mexia in 1872. By 1880 Mexia also had four schools, three churches, and a variety of businesses to serve its 1,800 residents; by 1885 the town had a gas works, an opera house, two banks, two sawmills, and 2,000 residents. The Mexia Democrat was established in 1887 and the Weekly News in 1898. Between 1904 and 1906 the Trinity and Brazos Valley Railway built track between Hillsboro and Houston, making Mexia a commercial crossroads for area farmers.
In 1912 the Mexia Gas and Oil Company drilled ten dry holes, but in the eleventh attempt discovered a large natural gas deposit. The Mexia oilfield was discovered in 1920, by Colonel Albert E. Humphreys and his geologist F. Julius Fohs.  Oil production peaked in November 1921 at 53,000 BOPD.   The population of Mexia increased from 3,482 to nearly 35,000. The rapid growth was excessive for local authorities, and for a short time in 1922 Mexia was under martial law. That year, production for the Mexia field was 35 million barrels produced. Cumulative production of the field totaled 108 million barrels by the mid-1980s. In 1924 Mexia residents passed a new city charter that changed the local government to a city manager system. After the initial oil boom, the population of Mexia declined to 10,000 by the mid-1920s. The prosperity generated by the boom continued until the 1930s, when the Great Depression forced many people to leave in search of work. The number of residents stabilized at 6,500 in the early 1930s, but the number of businesses fell from 280 to 190. In 1942 a camp for prisoners of war was established at Mexia; the facility was converted in 1947 for use as the Mexia State School, which became one of the community's principal employers. The population was reported as 6,618 in the early 1950s, 5,943 in the early 1970s, 7,172 in the late 1980s, and 6,933 in 1990. In 2000 the population was listed as 6,563.Mexia made national news in 1981, when three young black men drowned in Lake Mexia after being taken into custody by law enforcement officers for possession of marijuana during the annual Juneteenth celebration. Carl Baker, 19; Anthony Freeman, 18; and Steven Booker, 19; drowned after a boat used to transport them across the lake, which was also occupied by three officers, capsized less than 100 feet from shore. Two police officers and one probation officer who had been in the boat were tried for the offense of criminally negligent homicide, but all were acquitted by a jury in Dallas.Mexia also made news when its former resident Anna Nicole Smith died, and when Allen Stanford was arrested on allegations of fraud in 2009.The city of Mexia, the confusion over its correct pronunciation and the city motto are all the subject of an Act 1 Aria in Mark-Anthony Turnage's Opera Anna Nicole staged by the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London.  Various imagined residents such as the Town Mayor and head of the Chamber of Commerce also feature alongside of the Operas namesake.

 Education 
Mexia is zoned to schools in the Mexia Independent School District.Schools include:

A.B. McBay Elementary School
R.Q. Sims Intermediate School
Mexia Junior High School
Mexia High SchoolPre-integration:

Woodland High School (African-American)
Paul Lawrence Dunbar High School (African-American)Post-Secondary Education:

Navarro College's Mexia Campus

 Notable people 

 Climate 
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.  According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Mexia has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

 See also 
List of cities in Texas

 References 

 Notes 

 External links 

Official website
Lake Mexia
Mexia Oil Boom

Erin Blanchfield
Erin Blanchfield (born May 4, 1999) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). She is a former Eddie Bravo Invitational champion. As of August 29, 2023, she is #2 in the UFC women's flyweight rankings, and as of January 23, 2024, she is #4 in the UFC women's pound-for-pound rankings.

 Background 
A native of Elmwood Park, New Jersey, Blanchfield started training jiu-jitsu at the age of seven. Two years later, she started competing in kickboxing and grappling tournaments. By the age of 12, she decided she wanted to be a professional fighter.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
Blanchfield fought under Fighting Championships and amassed a record of 1–0 prior to being signed by Invicta Fighting Championships.

 Invicta Fighting Championships 
Blanchfield made her Invicta debut on March 17, 2018, against Brittney Cloudy at Invicta FC 30. She won the fight by split decision.Her next fight came on November 16, 2018, facing Kay Hansen at  Invicta FC 32. She won the fight via majority decision.On February 15, 2019, Blanchfield faced Tracy Cortez at Invicta FC 34. She lost the fight via split decision.Blanchfield faced Gabriella Gulfin on June 4, 2019 at Cage Fury Fighting Championships 76. She won the fight via submission in round one.On February 7, 2020, Blanchfield returned to Invicta, facing Victoria Leonardo at Invicta FC 39. In the second round Blanchfield dropped Leonardo with a head kick, finishing off the technical knockout victory with punches.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
Blanchfield was expected to make her UFC debut as a short notice replacement for Bea Malecki against Norma Dumont on April 10, 2021 at UFC on ABC: Vettori vs. Holland in a Bantamweight bout. In turn, the bout was pulled from the card by after Dumont missed weight by 3.5lbs.Blanchfield faced  Sarah Alpar on September 18, 2021 at UFC Fight Night: Smith vs. Spann. She won the fight via unanimous decision.Blanchfield was expected to face Maycee Barber, replacing Montana De La Rosa, on December 11, 2021 at UFC 269. However, Barber withdrew in early November due to undisclosed reasons, and she was replaced by Miranda Maverick. Blanchfield won the fight by unanimous decision. She furthermore set the women’s flyweight single-fight takedown record, with eight total takedowns.Blanchfield faced JJ Aldrich on June 4, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 207. She won the bout via guillotine choke in the second round.Blanchfield faced Molly McCann  on November 12, 2022 at UFC 281. She won the fight via a kimura submission in the first round.Blanchfield was scheduled to face Taila Santos on February 18, 2023 at UFC Fight Night 219. When the main event fight between Cory Sandhagen and Marlon Vera was rescheduled for another event, Blanchfield's fight against Santos was moved up to serve as the main event. Santos dropped out of the bout after her cornermen were denied visas into the United States, and was replaced by former UFC Women's Strawweight Champion Jéssica Andrade. Blanchfield won the fight via submission in round two. This win earned her the Performance of the Night award.The match with Taila Santos was rebooked and took place on August 26, 2023, at UFC Fight Night 225. Blanchfield won the bout via unanimous decision.Blanchfield is scheduled to face Manon Fiorot on March 30, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 241.

 Personal life 
Until 2021, Blanchfield was studying Television and Digital Media with a concentration in sports media at Montclair State University, with an aim to becoming a commentator. Blanchfield is the daughter of George and Betsy Blanchfield, and has one brother, Brendan, who is also a mixed martial artist.

 Championships and accomplishments 

 Brazilian jiu-jitsu 
Eddie Bravo Invitational
Eddie Bravo Invitational Champion (One time)

 Mixed martial arts 
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time) vs. Jéssica Andrade
Tied (Manon Fiorot) for the second longest win streak in UFC Women's Flyweight division history (6)
Tied (Montana De La Rosa & Karine Silva) for second most submissions in UFC Women's Flyweight division history (3)Invicta Fighting Championships
Performance of the Night (Two times)  vs. Victoria Leonardo, Brogan Walker-Sanchez

 Mixed martial arts record 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of female mixed martial artists

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Professional MMA record for Erin Blanchfield from Sherdog
Erin Blanchfield at UFC

Mohanad Lasheen
Mohanad Mostafa Ahmed Abdelmonem Lasheen (Arabic: مهند مصطفى أحمد عبد المنعم لاشين; born 29 May 1996) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for the Egyptian club Pyramids FC.

 Career 
In March 2016, Mostafa was promoted from youth team to first team in Ismaily, but he moved six month later to Alassiouty (now is called pyramids) Sport in the Egyptian Second Division and signed a 2-year contract. Mostafa was part of the Alassiouty's (now is called pyramids) squad that promoted to 2017–18 Egyptian Premier League, he also scored the winning goal in the match that guaranteed the promotion for the club before 5 weeks from the end of the season. In April 2017, Ismaily SC made negotiations with Alassiouty (now is called pyramids) to sign the player.

 References 

 External links 
Mohanad Lasheen at Goalzz.com (also in Arabic at Kooora.com)
Mohanad Lasheen at FootballDatabase.eu

Jaylin Lucas
Jaylin Lucas (born September 24, 2004) is an American football running back and return specialist who will play for the Florida State Seminoles. He previously played for the Indiana Hoosiers.

 Early life and high school career 
Lucas attended Terrebonne High School in Houma, Louisiana for three years before transferring to Edna Karr High School in New Orleans after his family was forced to relocate due to Hurricane Ida. A three star recruit, Lucas originally committed to play college football at Tulane, before flipping to Indiana.

 College career 

 Indiana 
As a freshman, Lucas served as a rotational running back and as a punt/kick returner, and was the only player in FBS football with multiple kick returns for touchdowns. At the conclusion of his freshman season, Lucas was named the Big Ten Rodgers–Dwight Return Specialist of the Year and a member of the first team All-Big Ten as a return-man.On December 6, 2023, Lucas announced that he would be entering the transfer portal.

 Florida State 
On January 7, 2024, Lucas announced that he would be transferring to Florida State.

 References 

 External links 
Indiana Hoosiers bio

Clue Club
Clue Club is an American animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and broadcast on CBS from September 4 to December 11, 1976.

 Overview 
The series follows a group of four teenage detectives, the Clue Club – Larry, Pepper, D.D. and Dottie – who solved mysteries with the help of two talking dogs, a bloodhound and basset hound named Woofer and Wimper. Clue Club mysteries usually involved investigating bizarre crimes such as animals, trains, airports, a movie director and statues vanishing into thin air.
Clue Club only had one season's worth of first-run episodes produced, which were shown on Saturday mornings on CBS.In the fall of 1977, cut-down versions of the half-hour episodes of Clue Club appeared under the new title Woofer & Wimper, Dog Detectives to showcase the show's bloodhound and basset hound which aired as a segment on the CBS Saturday morning package program The Skatebirds from September 10, 1977, to January 21, 1978. When The Skatebirds was cancelled in early 1978, Woofer & Wimper, Dog Detectives re-appeared as a segment alongside The Three Robonic Stooges on their half-hour show from January 28 to September 2, 1978, also on CBS.
The full-length versions of Clue Club returned to CBS on Sunday mornings from September 10, 1978, to January 21, 1979, concluding the show's original network run. After a mid-1980s re-airing on USA Cartoon Express, it has since resurfaced on Cartoon Network (as part of the Mysteries, Inc. block) in the 1990s and Boomerang in the 2000s.

 Characters 
The series features the following seven main characters throughout its run: 

Paul Winchell as Woofer, a bloodhound who would constantly accuse suspects without good reason, then later back-track while haughtily proclaiming his genius to satisfy his ego; he also wears a deerstalkers' cap on his head.
Jim MacGeorge as Wimper, a more down-to-earth, easy-going, yet intelligent basset hound who would at times go along with Woofer’s schemes, and other times he would turn the tables on his comrade.
David Jolliffe as Larry, the older member and leader of the Clue Club; he normally interviewed the suspect(s) and/or passed on the Club's findings to Dottie.
Patricia Stich as Pepper, a beautiful blonde and Dottie's elder sister; she searched for clues and/or evidence, mostly accompanied by D.D., which often lead to them being chased by the villains.
Bob Hastings as D.D., a bespectacled redhead wearing a Sherlock Holmes style hat, he often teamed up with Pepper to search for clues; it was never revealed what D.D.'s initials stood for.
Tara Talboy as Dottie, the youngest member of the Clue Club (13 years old), she endured an arsenal of deprecating nicknames from her elder sister Pepper and friends: "half-pint", "short-stuff" and the like. A prodigy, she normally stayed at home. From there, Dottie provided case-solving information from her minicomputer and/or results from various forensic tests. She also had access to high-tech communications equipment, including audio/video links to the Club's car and to their wristwatches, which doubled as pagers. Dottie's friends were highly protective of her, and resented it when she joined them in the field, which the girl frequently did after running out of "homework".
John Stephenson as Sheriff Lester Bagley, the local sheriff who frequently relied on the Clue Club for assistance and arrested suspects at their conclusion; story editor Sid Morse's bible revealed Sheriff Bagley's first name: Lester.

 Episodes 

 Broadcast history 
Clue Club aired in these following formats on CBS:

Clue Club (August 14, 1976 – September 3, 1977, CBS Saturday)
The Skatebirds (as Woofer & Wimper, Dog Detectives) (September 10, 1977 – January 21, 1978, CBS Saturday) (rerun)
The Three Robonic Stooges (as Woofer & Wimper, Dog Detectives) (January 28, 1978 – September 2, 1978, CBS Saturday) (rerun)
Clue Club (September 10, 1978 – January 21, 1979, CBS Sunday) (rerun)Broadcast schedules (all EDT):

August 14, 1976 – September 4, 1976, CBS Saturday 9:30-10:00 AM
September 11, 1976 – November 20, 1976, CBS Saturday 11:30 AM–12:00 PM
November 27, 1976 – September 3, 1977, CBS Saturday 8:30-9:00 AM
September 10, 1977 – November 12, 1977, CBS Saturday 9:30-10:30 AM
November 19, 1977 – January 21, 1978, CBS Saturday 8:00-9:00 AM
January 28, 1978 – September 2, 1978, CBS Saturday 8:00-8:30 AM
September 10, 1978 – January 21, 1979, CBS Sunday 9:30-10:00 AM

 Merchandising 
In 1977–79, merchandising for Clue Club included: a coloring book (Clue Club Saves the Day), story book (Clue Club: The Case of the Missing Racehorse by Fern G. Brown), read & color book (Clue Club: The Racetrack Mystery), jigsaw puzzles, rub-on transfers and a school tablet.
Marvel Comics featured Clue Club stories ("Mrs. Macree's Mystery" and "The Root of All Evil!") in two issues of the short-lived anthology comic series Hanna-Barbera TV Stars #2 (October 1978) and #4 (February 1979). Outside of these American comics, Clue Club stories were also featured in Clue Club Annual 1979 hardback book published by World Distributors in the United Kingdom.
A board game titled as "The Clue Club Game" was released only in Europe in 1979.

 Home media 
On August 11, 2015, Warner Archive released Clue Club: The Complete Animated Series on DVD in region 1 as part of their Hanna–Barbera Classics Collection. This is a Manufacture-on-Demand (MOD) release, available exclusively through Warner's online store and Amazon.com.

 Other appearances 
D.D. makes a cameo appearance in Scooby-Doo! Mask of the Blue Falcon.
The cast of Clue Club appear in the HBO Max original series Jellystone!. Larry, D.D. and Sheriff Bagley are dark-skinned in this continuity.
The Clue Club are shown on a list in the Velma episode "Velma Makes a List".

 References 

 External links 
Clue Club at IMDb 
Clue Club at the Big Cartoon DataBase

The Sword of Etheria
The Sword of Etheria  is an action role-playing game developed and published by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. It was originally released on June 30, 2005 for PlayStation 2 as OZ (オズ, Ozu) (Over Zenith) in Japan, and as Chains of Power in Korea, followed by its release in Europe on February 24, 2006. The game was not released in North America. It was reprinted in Japan on January 26, 2006 as part of the "Konami the Best" budget label.

 Plot 

 Setting 
The Sword of Etheria is set in an alternate world where humans, gods, and spiritual beings known as "Katenas" coexist. Katenas are powerful warriors with the ability to encase themselves in full suits of armor called "Lexes". The Katenas are the envoys of the gods. The three great Katenas, chosen by the gods, are collectively referred to as "Oz".
Both humans and Katenas are overseen by the gods. As in Greek mythology, the gods are described as omnipotent, ambitious, self-serving, and power-hungry. The major source of their power is light; as they consume light, they cast parts of the world into darkness for centuries. The gods seek to destroy humanity and drain the planet's energy source, "Etheria".

 Story 
The story begins with three Katenas—Cain, Leon, and Almira—on a mission to investigate a physical manifestation of Etheria on the earth's surface. As they approach the apex of their mission, Almira and Leon lose control of their armor, forcing Cain to proceed alone. Cain then vanishes.
The game shifts forward fifteen years later to Fiel ("Feel" in the Japanese version), a boy who lived with his younger sister, Dorothy, and their cat, Toto. Their village is attacked by monsters called "Volo" and a group of Katenas. Dorothy is kidnapped during the attack. Fiel manages to recruit the aid of Almira and Leon, and together, they head out to rescue Dorothy. During their journey, they constantly face danger and obstacles under the eyes of the gods.

 Characters 
The story revolves around three main characters:

Fiel: the main male protagonist, who carries a large, powerful axe
Almira: a female Katena with a spear
Leon: a male Katena with a large claw on his left armTheir mission is to save Fiel's sister, Dorothy, who was kidnapped by monsters. Dorothy's cat, Toto, has the ability to transform into a Lex, becoming the source of Fiel's Katena-like powers.
Throughout the game, the protagonists fight three other Katenas–Vitis, Galumn, and Juju–who are under the influence and control of the gods.

 Gameplay 
The Sword of Etheria is presented in a third-person perspective, with players controlling the actions of the main character, Fiel, such as interaction with objects and people. Players control Fiel during the battle while Almira and Leon are AI-controlled. The three characters fight in various surroundings including forests, villages, and dungeons. Each character is assigned a health gauge. If a character's health is reduced to zero, he or she will be incapacitated and forced to recover before returning to the battle. Drawing inspiration from the beat 'em up genre, the game's combat style revolves around performing combos on enemies. Enemies can be launched into the air to perform juggle combos, and players can accept aid from their partners for additional hits.

The game also features a "tension gauge" on the right side of the screen. This gauge indicates the player's performance level with combos. The gauge increases when aerial combos are chained and decreases as the player's momentum falls. When the gauge is full, the player will have the ability to perform a powerful "deathblow" attack, combining the party's force to deal extensive damage to the enemies. The level of the gauge increases as the game proceeds, allowing the player to use more powerful attacks. At its highest level, a filled gauge displays the text "Over Zenith," signifying that the strongest deathblow can be performed.
The Sword of Etheria's storyline is divided into chapters, and each chapter features multiple possible endings depending on a player's actions. For example, an alternate version of the game's ninth chapter features the three main characters portrayed as characters from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, with Fiel as the Tin Man, Almira as the Scarecrow and Leon as the Lion. There is also an additional unlockable story in which Dorothy is playable as the main character.
The game also features an option of costume change for the characters. These costumes can be purchased during the gameplay and  they resemble costumes from various Konami games, including Suikoden III, Castlevania: Lament of Innocence, and Silent Hill 3.

 Development 
Many members of The Sword of Etheria development team also worked on the Castlevania and Suikoden series. The director and producer, Junichi Murakami, directed Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow, while the composer, Michiru Yamane, worked on the music. Fumi Ishikawa designed characters for Suikoden II.
The Sword of Etheria's music was composed by Yamane and arranged by Naoto Suzuki. The game's soundtrack was commercially released in a two-disc format on July 20, 2005 in Japan. The soundtrack features an arranged version of the song Polovtsian Dances, played during the opening sequence of the game, performed by Martha Matsuda. A remixed version of the song was featured in another Konami game, Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2, along with footage from The Sword of Etheria. As the game was released in Europe and Japan, it was not released in the United States.

 Reception 

The game was well-received in Japan, receiving a 31/40 score in the Famitsu magazine. However, The Sword of Etheria received more mediocre reception upon its release in Europe, as Eurogamer's Simon Parkin called the translation of the European release "disastrous" but praised the combat as extremely rewarding although repetitive. PALGN's Jeremy Jastrzab commended the use of the game's music as a stylish and the unconventional presentation but made a note on the poor graphics environments, saying that players are usually surrounded by either dull corridors or barren landscapes.

 References 

 External links 
Official website (in Japanese)
The Sword of Etheria at MobyGames

2022 Minnesota United FC season
The 2022 Minnesota United FC season was the club's sixth in Major League Soccer. Their season began on February 26, 2022, where they drew with the Philadelphia Union 1–1 in Philadelphia. The club will play its home matches at Allianz Field in Saint Paul, Minnesota. The club reached the MLS Cup Playoffs for a fourth consecutive year.

 Technical Staff 
As of April 16, 2022 

On June 23, the club announced that Head Coach Adrian Heath had signed a contract extension through the 2024 season. In addition, the club also announced that Assistant Coaches Ian Fuller and Sean McAuley and Goalkeeper Coach Stewart Kerr also signed contract extensions.

 Roster 
As of August 20th, 2022 

 Transfers 

 Transfers in 

 MLS SuperDraft 

 Transfers out 

 Loans in 

 Loans out 

 Friendlies 
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 Competitions 

 MLS Regular Season 

 Standings 

 Overall 

 Western Conference 

 Results summary 
Last updated: October 9th, 2022Source: MLS ResultsPld = Matches played; Pts = Points; W = Matches won;  T = Matches tied;  L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference

 Regular season 

 MLS Cup Playoffs 

 U.S. Open Cup 

 Statistics 

 Appearances and goals 
Last updated October 17th 2022.

 Goalscorers 
As of October 17th 2022

 Assists 
As of October 17th 2022

 Disciplinary record 
As of October 17th 2022

 Clean sheets 
As of October 17th 2022

 Honors and awards 

 Bell Bank Man of the Match 
 Note: Bell Bank Man of the Match is voted on by fans on Twitter near the end of each MLS Match. 

 Note: Bell Bank Man of the Match was not awarded after the game against Real Salt Lake on August 31 and San Jose Earthquakes on October 1. 

 MLS Team of the Week 

 MLS Player of the Week 

 MLS All-Stars 

 References 

2022 Montenegrin crisis
On January 17, 2022, the smallest of three ruling constituents in the Parliament of Montenegro, United Reform Action, proposed a potential solution in the form of a minority government, as an answer to the political crisis that has been plaguing the country since the summer of 2021, when the largest ruling constituent, the Democratic Front stepped out, putting the parliament into an effective blockade. The proposed minority government would consist of the United Reform Action, Civis, Socialist People's Party of Montenegro, Bosniak Party, Democratic Party, New Democratic Force, and Albanian Alternative. Even though the parties mentioned have 14 seats in the parliament, Dritan Abazović, the Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro and the president of the United Reform Action, stated that he expects the support of either the opposition or the ruling parties, or ideally both, and has invited all 81 MPs of the Montenegrin parliament to support the initiative.
Almost immediately after the proposal was made, it was heavily criticized by the Democrats, one of the ruling three constituents of the parliamentary majority, who stated that it is a "pact with the DPS and their former allies, citing the ethnic minority parties. Soon after, the Prime Minister of Montenegro made a proclamation stating that the minority government is a "betrayal". Both subjects accused Dritan Abazović of "betraying the will of the people" as well as of political corruption, and undermining the results of the last parliamentary election.The proposal caused mixed reactions in the Montenegrin public, some condemning it, while some supporting it. Since January 18, there have been daily protests throughout various towns in Montenegro, against the formation of the minority government and in support of the Krivokapić Cabinet. So far, the protests have been held in Podgorica, Nikšić, Pljevlja, Bijelo Polje, Berane, and Budva. The protest in Podgorica, held on 23 January 2022, was even attended by some of the ministers supporting Krivokapić.The proposal for the dismissal of the Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro, Dritan Abazović, which was to be voted on February 3, 2022, failed to pass, as only 20 MPs voted for, 11 against, while 46 abstained from voting altogether, and 4 were absent.The second proposal, for shortening the term of the current parliamentary assembly, which was supposed be discussed on February 4, 2022, also did not pass, as the majority of the MPs didn't approve of the piece of the daily agenda pertaining to it. The motion of no-confidence towards the cabinet of Zdravko Krivokapić, which was discussed later that same day, had passed, it becoming the first government in the history of Montenegro to lose a no-confidence vote in the parliament. 43 MPs voted for the no-confidence vote, 11 MPs voted against. The other 27 MPs, composed of the  Democratic Front, Socialist People's Party of Montenegro and  DEMOS left the parliament shortly before the vote was conducted.On 7 February 2022, the bid for the dismissal President of the Parliament of Montenegro, Aleksa Bečić, passed, with 43 votes in favor, 36 against, and two absentees. Henceforth, Strahinja Bulajić, one of the Deputy Presidents of the Parliament was named the acting President of the Parliament until a new one is elected.On 28 April 2022, the installment of a new cabinet led by Dritan Abazović, passed with 45 votes in favour, 0 against and 36 absentees. Henceforth, Dritan Abazović was elected as the new Prime Minister. On the same day, Danijela Đurović was elected as the new President of the Parliament of Montenegro

 See also 
2019 Montenegrin anti-corruption protests
2019–2020 clerical protests in Montenegro
Montenegrin nationalist protests (2020–present)
2021 Montenegrin episcopal enthronement protests
2022 Montenegrin pro-government protests

 References 

Tipping the Velvet
Tipping the Velvet is a 1998 debut novel by Welsh novelist Sarah Waters. A historical novel set in England during the 1890s, it tells a coming-of-age story about a young woman named Nan who falls in love with a male impersonator, follows her to London, and finds various ways to support herself as she journeys through the city. The picaresque plot elements have prompted scholars and reviewers to compare it to similar British urban adventure stories written by Charles Dickens and Daniel Defoe.
The novel has pervasive lesbian themes, concentrating on eroticism and self-discovery. Waters was working on a PhD dissertation in English literature when she decided to write a story she would like to read. Employing her love for the variety of people and districts in London, she consciously chose an urban setting. As opposed to previous lesbian-themed fiction she had read where the characters escape an oppressive society to live apart from it, Waters chose characters who interact with their surroundings. She has acknowledged that the book imagines a lesbian presence and history in Victorian London where none was recorded. The main character's experiences in the theatrical profession and her perpetual motion through the city allow her to make observations on social conditions while exploring the issues of gender, sexism, and class difference.
As Waters' first novel, it was highly acclaimed and was chosen by The New York Times and The Library Journal as one of the best books of 1998. Waters followed Tipping the Velvet with two other novels also set in the Victorian era and both were also well-received, but reviewers comment that Tipping the Velvet employs humour, adventure, and sexual explicitness to greatest effect. The novel was adapted into a somewhat controversial three-part television series by the BBC in 2002.

 Inspiration and publication 
When Sarah Waters was 19 years old, she joined a student house in Whitstable, Kent, sharing a bed and then falling in love with another young woman. They lived there for two winters in what became a six-year relationship. She recalled, "It was cold, isolated, romantic and so intense—quite special." In 1995, Waters was at Queen Mary and Westfield College writing her PhD dissertation on gay and lesbian historical fiction from 1870 onward when she became interested in the Victorian era. While learning about the activism in socialism, women's suffrage, and utopianism of the period, she was inspired to write a work of fiction of the kind that she would like to read. Specifically, Waters intended to write a story that focused on an urban setting, diverging from previous lesbian-themed books such as Isabel Miller's Patience and Sarah, in which two women escape an oppressive home life to live together freely in the woods. She said to herself at the time, "there's so much more to lesbian history than that".Waters was drawn to the Victorian era because of the (mis)understandings of what social norms existed during the period. As she stated, "I find it a fascinating period because it feels very close to us, and yet in lots of ways it is utterly strange: many of the things we think we know about it are stereotypes, or simply wrong". Considering herself part of gay and lesbian literary heritage, Waters was influenced by Oscar Wilde, and Chris Hunt, who wrote Street Lavender, an historical novel with gay male themes also set in the Victorian era. She has stated that Tipping the Velvet is a female version of Street Lavender, with a plot similar to My Secret Life by "Walter".Waters pitched Tipping the Velvet to ten British publishers, but after they all rejected it, she began considering American publishing houses. Although she was picked up quickly by a literary agency, the agent spent almost a year trying to sell the book to a mainstream publisher. By the time Tipping the Velvet was accepted by Virago Press—one of the ten that had previously passed on the project—Waters had already begun work on her second novel.

 Plot 
Nancy "Nan" Astley is a sheltered 18-year-old living with her working-class family and helping in their oyster restaurant in Whitstable, Kent. She becomes instantly and desperately enamoured with a "masher", or male impersonator, named Kitty Butler, who performs for a season at the local theatre. They begin a friendship that grows when, after Kitty finds an opportunity to perform in London for better exposure, she asks Nan to join her. Nan enthusiastically agrees and leaves her family to act as Kitty's dresser while she performs. Although Kitty and Nan acknowledge their relationship to be sisterly, Nan continues to love Kitty until a jealous fight forces Kitty to admit she feels the same, although she insists that they keep their relationship secret. Simultaneously, Kitty's manager Walter decides that Kitty needs a performing partner to reach true success, and suggests Nan for the role. Nan is initially horrified by the idea, but takes to it. The duo become quite famous until Nan realises she is homesick after being gone from her family for more than a year. Her return home is underwhelming, so she returns to London early to find Kitty in bed with Walter. They announce that the act is finished and they are to be married.
Astonished and deeply bruised by the discovery, Nan wanders the streets of London, finally holing herself in a filthy boarding house for weeks in a state of madness until her funds run out. After spying the male costumes she took as her only memory of her time with Kitty, Nan begins to walk the streets of London as a man and easily passes. She is solicited by a man for sex and begins renting, but dressed only as a man for male clients, never letting them know she is a woman. She meets a socialist activist named Florence who lives near the boarding house, but before she can get to know her, Nan is hired by a wealthy widow with licentious tastes named Diana. Although realising—and initially enjoying—that she is an object to Diana and her friends, Nan stays with her for over a year as "Neville", dressed in the finest men's clothes Diana can afford. The relationship erodes, however, and Diana throws Nan into the streets.
Nan stumbles through London trying to find Florence, whom she eventually does; Florence is now melancholy, however, with a child. Nan stays with Florence and her brother Ralph, working as their housekeeper. Nan and Florence grow closer during the year they live together, and Nan learns that the previous boarder with Florence and Ralph had a child and died shortly after giving birth. Florence was deeply in love with the boarder but her affections were not returned. During an outing to a women's pub, Nan is recognised by former fans, to Florence's astonishment, and Nan divulges her own spotty past to Florence. Cautiously, they begin a love affair. Putting her theatrical skills to use, Nan assists Ralph in preparing a speech at an upcoming socialist rally. At the event Nan jumps onstage to help Ralph when he falters, and is noticed once more by Kitty, who asks her to come back so they can continue their affair in secret. Realising how much shame Kitty continues to feel, how much of herself was compromised during their affair, and that her truest happiness is where she is now, Nan turns Kitty away and joins Florence.

 Literary elements 

 Style 
The greatest literary strengths in Tipping the Velvet, according to reviewers and literary scholars, are the vibrant portrayal of the districts and streets of London, and Waters' ability to create sympathetic and realistic characters. Her use of synaesthesia in lush descriptions particularly interested Harriet Malinowitz in The Women's Review of Books. For example, Malinowitz cites the scene when Nan first meets Kitty, removing her glove to shake Kitty's hand. Very much an oyster girl, Nan's hands are covered with "those rank sea-scents, of liquor and oyster-flesh, crab-meat and whelks, which had flavoured my fingers and those of my family for so many years we had ceased, entirely, to notice them". Nan is mortified that she smells like a herring, but Kitty assuages her fears, kissing her hand and telling her she instead smells like a mermaid. Malinowitz includes this and other descriptions of sights, sounds, and smells in Victorian London as examples of elements that are "breathlessly and wittily detailed".Although Waters was born in Pembrokeshire, Wales, she considers herself a London writer because of her intense affection for the city, due in part to her immigration to it. Specifically, Waters is moved by walking through London and seeing remnants of many historical eras: "It's ... almost like it's peopled with ghosts—again, jostling up against each other or passing through each other. I find that very exciting". Her love for the city is apparent to many reviewers. In the Lesbian Review of Books Donna Allegra writes, "[S]he summons the era's attitudes and ambiance projecting them onto the screen of the reader's mind with Dolby wrap-around sound such that you feel you're vacationing on all points between Chelsea and the East End".
Miranda Seymour in The New York Times remarks on the "breathless passion" of the narrator's voice as being absolutely convincing, citing as an example Nancy's statement to her sister at the start of the book about why she continues to visit Kitty Butler:... It's like I never saw anything at all before. It's like I am filling up, like a wine-glass when it's filled with wine. I watch the acts before her and they are like nothing—they're like dust. Then she walks on the stage and—she is so pretty; and her suit is so nice; and her voice is so sweet... She makes me want to smile and weep, at once... I never saw a girl like her before. I never knew that there were girls like her.
Donna Allegra and Christina Patterson in The Observer also praise Nan as a passionate and captivating character. Patterson and Mel Steel in The Independent compare her resourcefulness to that of Moll Flanders. Of her three Victorian-set novels, Waters uses humour and "an attractive lightness of touch" most effectively in Tipping the Velvet, according to Paulina Palmer. Nan the narrator describes the irony of her "curious gaslit career" as a rent-boy only to end up—in Diana's words—as her "tart". Waters had such fun writing the novel that she told Robert McCrum from The Observer in 2009 that if she had no obligations to meet stemming from her subsequent success as a writer that she would continue writing Nan's story.

 Genre 
Nan's path through the plot indicates that Tipping the Velvet is part Bildungsroman, and her journeys through the streets of London invoke elements of a picaresque novel. Scholar Emily Jeremiah characterises the story as a Bildungsroman: a coming-of-age adventure but one that far surpasses a simple coming-out story. Stefania Ciocia in Literary London writes that the plot has classical elements of a fairy tale as it follows the main character's growth and progression, and has a moral ending that includes a course of events where Nan forsakes three suitors for her—in this case—Princess Charming. Nan finds true love with Florence, who is a bit dowdy, somewhat stout, certainly not wealthy, and driven to improve the world; the least likely of all the characters. A review in Publishers Weekly states that the series of events leading to Nan finding love are "unpredictable and moving".Nan's experiences eventually reveal serious faults of the society she moves through, the primary element of a picaresque novel. For this and other reasons, Waters' books are frequently compared to stories by Charles Dickens; the reader follows Nan's movement from sheltered naif to exuberant theatre performer to rent-boy to mistress to housewife then socialist orator, showing allegiance to none of these professions or ideals. Michael Upchurch in The Seattle Times writes that Nan's inability or unwillingness to adhere to any profession or setting, remaining malleable until the end of the novel indicates she is her own worst enemy. Likewise, Marianne Brace in The Independent considers Nan selfish and unsympathetic.Ciocia writes that with half the novel taking place in theatrical settings, Nan may be playing a role as character in her own life or a play on a stage set in a theatre or the streets of London. She starts as a spectator watching Kitty onstage, and later with Kitty, watching how men move and behave to improve their act. She becomes a performer, with Kitty, as a renter and again for the predatory Diana and her friends. Finally she takes the role of director as she assists and impels Ralph to perform his speech. At this point, she is able to reconcile her identity and the story ends. Waters consciously chose to create a complicated plot, and was impressed with Iris Murdoch's claim that she herself had entire stories worked out well in advance of writing them, a method Waters used with Tipping the Velvet.

 Themes 

 Sexuality 

Sexuality and sexual identity is the most prevalent theme in the novel. The title is an obscure Victorian pornographic slang reference to cunnilingus. Nick Rennison in Contemporary British Authors characterises Tipping the Velvet as an "unabashed and unapologetic celebration of lesbian eroticism and sexual diversity". Donna Allegra writes with appreciation of how the existence of Waters' characters in a heterosexual existence forces an analysis of closeted positions. The sexism of the period puts a stranglehold on women, forcing readers to compare women in the Victorian era with present-day sexual attitudes. Nan never has difficulty accepting her love for Kitty Butler and other women; Kitty's union with Walter, however, "reeks of lesbophobia", according to Allegra. Music halls could be rough in some areas, but Kitty is shown handling drunken and rowdy audiences with humour and grace. The only instance where she is overcome and flees the stage is when a drunken patron shouts a euphemism for a lesbian at her. This episode leads to the final scene of Part I when Nan stumbles upon Kitty and Walter in bed. Kitty does not display any pleasure in their union, but rather complacence tinged with shame. Allegra compares Kitty's desire for normality overshadowing her desire for love with Nan to "compulsory heterosexuality ... emblematic of and particular to lesbian existence".Scholar Paulina Palmer asserts that Waters, in Tipping the Velvet and her two following novels also set in the Victorian era—Affinity and Fingersmith—is establishing a literary tradition that has not existed: "Women engaging in same-sex relationships in the Victorian era were on the whole invisible and we have little knowledge of their literary interests." Waters, however, acknowledges that accuracy about lesbian life in the Victorian era is not her primary goal: "My purpose was not to be authentic, but to imagine a history that we can’t really recover." Short bursts of lesbian-themed literary activity occurred in 1920s with authors such as Natalie Clifford Barney and Djuna Barnes. Another surge of activity published as lesbian pulp fiction occurred in the 1950s and early 1960s, during which several notable lesbian authors such as Ann Bannon and Valerie Taylor helped to establish lesbian literary identity. These fictions helped to inform readers about the lives and cultural landmarks of lesbians when very little information existed. Waters states that she is not on a deliberate crusade to write about lesbians, but that it is a reflection of what she knows: "Lesbianism is at the top of the agenda for my books because it's at the top of the agenda for my life. It would be bizarre not to write about it." In 2009, as she reflected on her reasons for writing Tipping the Velvet and Fingersmith, Waters said she was searching for her own identity as a lesbian writer.Among Waters' Victorian-set novels, depictions of sexual encounters are also, according to Palmer, the most vivid in Tipping the Velvet. A review in The Advocate calls the book "riotously sexy", and The Seattle Times suggests the scene where Nan shows Kitty how to open and eat an oyster is evocative of Tom Jones. This follows a marked difference in recently written fiction by and for lesbians. Frank depictions of lesbian sexuality specifically penned by women have been quieted by censorship that equated lesbian sex with aberrant mental behaviour, or employed it as an erotic element controlled by, and for the benefit of, men. Lesbian literary scholar Bonnie Zimmerman writes, "Lesbians have been reticent and uncomfortable about sexual writing in part because we wish to reject the patriarchal stereotype of the lesbian as a voracious sexual vampire who spends all her time in bed. It is safer to be a lesbian if sex is kept in the closet or under the covers. We don’t wish to give the world another stick with which to beat us".

 Gender 
Nan not only experiences a series of misadventures and lesbian relationships, but also shifts from female to male at the same time, giving the reader an opportunity to view London society from multiple perspectives. Gender masquerade and reaction to it permeates the novel. According to Harriet Malinowitz, Waters uses the symbolism of clothing such as skirts, pants, stays, braces, bonnets, ties, and chemises "with the sort of metaphorical significance that Melville gives to whales". Stefania Ciocia declares that in all of 19th-century English literature, the only type of character who was able to enjoy adventures native to the picaresque novel were males who acted as the observer or stroller, walking through the city from one district to the next. The single exception to this was Moll Flanders, a prostitute. Nancy Astley behaves as both, giving her the ability to offer her perceptions of London society as both a man and a woman.
Music halls, where both Nan and Kitty are employed—and put on display—as male impersonators, allow about half the novel's action and commentary on gender to take place, according to scholar Cheryl Wilson. When Nan puts on trousers for the first time to perform as Kitty's partner and realises the impact of their double act together, she states, "whatever successes I might achieve as a girl, they would be nothing compared to the triumphs I should enjoy clad, however girlishly, as a boy". Male impersonation is common in the world of the novel, and some performers are quite popular. Only certain types of depictions of men, however, were acceptable in reality. Nan and Kitty pretend to be London "swells": gentlemen on the town who sing about their sweethearts. Wilson provides evidence that such depictions were supported by class divisions, as poorer music hall patrons enjoyed the fun poked at the upper class, and the upper class generally found it harmless enough to laugh at themselves. Mashers such as the famed Vesta Tilley capitalised on the fact that both men and women were able to laugh at common perceptions of femininity and masculinity.Writing in 1998 about a period more than 100 years before, Waters employs a continuity between the past and present, particularly as it relates to an outsider's view of sexuality and gender. Diana bestows Nan with the finest gift she had ever received, an expensive watch that requires no winding. She has nowhere to be except at Diana's beck and call, and never leaves Diana's mansion without her. Emily Jeremiah uses this as an example of how Tipping the Velvet fits Judith Halberstam's declaration that homosexual historiographies "produce alternative temporalities". Gay and lesbian stories do not use the same rites of passage that most mainstream stories do, leaving aside the importance of birth, marriage, reproduction, and death. This transcendence of time is evident in the narration of the novel. It is Nan's first-person account of her own past, told many years later. When Nan divulges her past to Florence, Waters uses the first line of the novel to signify where she begins, cycling the story.Even the novel's language bridges this divide. Waters often employs the word "queer" to describe the unusual or remarkable, instead of its post-1922 connotation to refer to homosexuality. She also uses the term specifically to highlight what is unusual as it applies to gender, or Nan's own emotions toward Kitty. Nan's father uses the symbol of the oyster, what he calls a "real queer fish" that exhibits both male and female characteristics, and compares it to Kitty who sits before them in feminine attire though they have seen her on stage dressed as a man. The landlady of the boarding house where Kitty and Nan are staying appraises Nan's first male costume, and is troubled by the "queerness" of it because she looks too much like a man, instead of a woman pretending to be a man. Donna Allegra suggests that by using the contemporary term for prostitutes, "gay girls", Waters is winking at her readers.

 Class 
Starting as a working-class girl and experiencing music halls, prostitution, luxury, and a socialist struggle for utopia, Nan's journeys through the class system in Tipping the Velvet are as varied as her gender portrayals and love affairs. Aiobheann Sweeney in The Washington Post notes, "like Dickens, [Waters] digs around in the poorhouses, prisons and asylums to come up with characters who not only court and curtsy but dramatise the unfairness of poverty and gender disparity in their time".Paulina Palmer sees the reading material available in the various locations of Nan's settings as symbols of the vast class differences in Victorian London. Specifically, Diana keeps a trunk full of pornographic literature which she and Nan read to each other in between sexual encounters. She is an extremely wealthy resident of the London neighbourhood St John's Wood, and identifies as a Sapphist—a contemporary term for a lesbian. Nan uses the euphemism "tom" throughout the novel, particularly to refer to herself and other working class lesbians. Although "tom" was used as a Victorian reference to lesbianism, Waters admits it was probably not as prevalent as her characters suggest it was.Waters includes a historical reference to the medical profession starting to acknowledge and identify female homosexuality in the 19th century when a friend of Diana's named Dickie reads aloud during a party from a medical text describing the histories of several acknowledged lesbians, including Dickie's own. One story discussed among the wealthy women at the party is about a young woman with a large clitoris, which they consider congenital in lower-class women. They attempt to prove their point with Diana's maid Zena, but Nan prevents this humiliation, which precipitates her final rift with Diana. Using Dickie's book to strike Nan across the face, Diana gives her a black eye and bloody cheek before throwing her out into the street with Zena. Nan goes to Florence's house, which is filled with socialist literature. Although Diana is a supporter of women's suffrage, she discourages Nan from reading such literature, confiscating any political material Nan picks up. In contrast, Nan feels hopelessly uninformed when Florence and her friends engage in heated political debates. She asks questions, but feels stupid about not knowing the answers. Florence introduces her to the writings of Walt Whitman, Eleanor Marx, and Edward Carpenter, which they sexualise by using as an introduction to intimacy.

 Critical reception 
Tipping the Velvet was critically acclaimed upon its release and Waters' writing style highly praised. Harriet Malinowitz wrote that the story is an "utterly captivating, high octane narrative" and Mel Steel of The Independent wrote,  "Could this be a new genre? The bawdy lesbian picaresque novel? Whatever it is, take it with you. It's gorgeous". Kirkus Reviews also praised it, writing "Waters' debut offers terrific entertainment: swiftly paced, crammed with colorful depictions of 1890s London and vividly sketched Dickensian supporting characters", comparing the depiction of Nancy's parents to the fishing community in David Copperfield, and adding that it "pulsat[es] with highly charged (and explicitly presented) erotic heat". John Perry in The San Francisco Chronicle stated that it "has the qualities of an extravagantly upholstered armchair. Tricked out in gaudy fabric and yards of fringe, it offers a sensual experience that leaves the reader marveling at the author's craftsmanship, idiosyncrasy and sheer effort". Perry did acknowledge, however, that modern optimism was probably the impetus driving Waters' vision of a lesbian past.
Christina Patterson called Waters "an extremely confident writer, combining precise, sensuous descriptions with irony and wit in a skilled, multi-layered pastiche of the lesbian historical romance". Renee Graham's review in The Boston Globe characterised the novel's style as "plush and inviting—delicious, even". In The New York Times, Miranda Seymour drew attention to the scene when Nan dresses up as Hadrian's lover, the page Antinous who was drowned in the Nile, for a masquerade benefiting Diana's friends in a hedonistic bacchanalia that ends violently with Nan cast out of the house into the cold, highlighting it as a passage of "startling power". Although Seymour was disappointed with the ending, she wrote, "If lesbian fiction is to reach a wider readership—as much, though far from all, of it deserves to do—Waters is just the person to carry the banner".Several reviewers compared Tipping the Velvet to Jeanette Winterson's Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit for a similar story of a woman's sexual awakening. Waters credits Winterson as an influence in lesbian writing, but states that the books are quite different and her writing is not like Winterson's at all. Waters suggests that reviewers have bracketed them together because Winterson was the only other lesbian author they could recall.The popularity of her first novel cast a standard for Affinity to follow, which Waters consciously made darker, set in a women's prison with a character who connects with spirits of the dead. Waters found it daunting to follow the success of Tipping the Velvet and reviewers marked the differences in the main characters: where Nan adventurously seeks out and states her desires, Margaret in Affinity is compelled by desire, but internally struggles with it.Tipping the Velvet won the Lambda Literary Award for lesbian fiction in 2000, and the Betty Trask Award, given to Commonwealth citizens who have produced their first novel before reaching the age of 35. The Library Journal chose it as one of their Best Books of the Year for 1999, and The New York Times included it on its list of Notable Books of the Year.

 Adaptations 

 Television 

Tipping the Velvet was adapted into a BBC television drama serial of the same name, originally screened in three episodes on BBC Two in 2002. It was produced for the BBC by the independent production company Sally Head Productions, and starred Rachael Stirling as Nan, Keeley Hawes as Kitty, Anna Chancellor as Diana, and Jodhi May as Florence. The BBC had previously adapted Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit in 1990 and some other scenes in dramas to follow, but none had been so explicit. Sally Head Productions defended the decision to air the entire program uncut. Waters was quite surprised that the BBC chose to produce and broadcast a television adaptation that faithfully followed the relish and detail of sexual escapades in the book. Stirling thoroughly enjoyed the role, despite her avowed heterosexuality: "To counteract any hard-core sex within it, there's a huge sense of humour and a huge sense of fun and frivolity and joy of life. It was so utterly believable that you never for a moment thought, Fuck, there's no reason why I'm standing here naked."Screenwriter Andrew Davies said he was attracted to the story because it featured a girl transitioning into womanhood and it included his interests in Victorian erotica; he compared it to Pride and Prejudice—for which he wrote the BBC screenplay—"with dirty bits". Both Waters and Davies were concerned about the use of dildos in scenes with Diana, but the BBC allowed it.
Waters especially appreciated the way Davies interpreted Kitty's ambivalence about being in love with Nan. He wrote the line for her, "I hate the way you make me feel", which according to Waters crystallises Kitty's complicated emotions well. The music in the adaptation was written for the film. Waters wrote song titles but not lyrics in the music references in the novel. For one song, during Kitty and Nan's first performance in the adaptation, Davies wrote a composition that had Kitty show Nan—dressed and performing as brothers—how to pick up girls in the park. It involved Kitty teaching Nan how to kiss, which they do onstage in front of audiences who are watching women, dressed as men, who are in reality having an affair with each other beyond the view of the audience. Waters wrote a similar description as Nan compares their act to their relationship; their sexual encounters to their performance onstage, noting the irony that Kitty insisted on absolute secrecy yet there they performed in front of thousands: "You are too slow—you go too fast—not there, but here—that's good—that's better! It was as if we walked before the crimson curtain, lay down upon the boards and kissed and fondled—and were clapped, and cheered, and paid for it!"A persistent rumour claims a film adaptation of Tipping the Velvet will be directed by Sofia Coppola, starring Beyoncé Knowles and Eva Longoria. However, Longoria insists that everything about the rumour is false, right down to quotes cited to her and Knowles. Knowles also wonders where the false quotes and story originate from.In 2009, UK playwright Amanda Whittington wrote a stage adaptation of Tipping the Velvet.  It was showcased by Guildhall School of Music and Drama at The Bridewell Theatre, London, in October 2009. Directed by Katharine Rogers, the production featured original music hall songs and was praised for its authentic interpretation of the novel.

 Stage 

On 14 April 2015, it was announced the play would receive its world premiere the same year and would begin previews at the Lyric Hammersmith on 18 September 2015, with an official opening night on 28 September, booking for a limited period until 24 October. Following its premiere production the play transferred to the Royal Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh, as part of the 50th anniversary season of the Royal Lyceum Theatre company, where it ran from 28 October to 14 November 2015.Tipping the Velvet has been adapted for the stage by Laura Wade and is directed by Lyndsey Turner, with choreography by Alistair David, design by Lizzie Clachan, lighting design by Jon Clark, music by Michael Bruce and sound by Nick Manning.

 Citations 

References in Tipping the Velvet correspond to: Waters, Sarah (1 May 2000). Tipping the Velvet: A Novel: New York City: Riverhead Trade. ISBN 1-57322-788-9

 External links 
Novel at Sarah Waters' official website Archived 30 April 2011 at the Wayback Machine
Tipping the Velvet at BBC Online
‘It was an electric time to be gay’: Sarah Waters on 20 years of Tipping the Velvet

Fafner in the Azure
Fafner in the Azure (Japanese: 蒼穹のファフナー, Hepburn: Sōkyū no Fafunā) is a Japanese mecha anime franchise created by Xebec in collaboration with Starchild Records. The story focuses on a group of children who pilot the titular Fafners in an escalating war against giant aliens called Festum. The first series, subtitled Dead Aggressor, is directed by Nobuyoshi Habara and written by Yasuo Yamabe and Tow Ubukata with character designs from Hisashi Hirai and mecha designs by Naohiro Washio. It aired on TV Tokyo from July to December 2004 for 26 episodes. A television special subtitled Right of Left aired in December 2005, a feature film subtitled Heaven and Earth had a theatrical release in Japan in December 2010, and a sequel subtitled Exodus aired on MBS and several other stations for 26 episodes from January to December 2015. Another sequel subtitled The Beyond was released as four films from May 2019 to November 2021. A special episode subtitled Behind the Line premiered in theaters in January 2023. The series heavily borrows elements from Norse Mythology, referencing some of the terminology used.

 Synopsis 

 Dead Aggressor (2004) 
At the beginning of the Dead Aggressor story arc, much of the world has been destroyed by the Festum and the remote Japanese island of Tatsumiyajima (竜宮島, lit. Dragon Palace Island) has only remained unscathed by virtue of an advanced cloaking shield. The island's young people continue with their daily lives unaware of these events, but after many years of peace, a lone Festum discovers Tatsumiya and attacks. The adults activate Tatsumiya's hidden defense systems and attempt to repel the attacker but to no avail. Many of them are killed by the Festum in a process of assimilation. In desperation, they order the deployment of a mecha called the Fafner Mark Elf, but its pilot is killed en route to the hangar. Left with no further options, they send a young boy named Kazuki Makabe as the replacement pilot assisted by Sōshi Minashiro from within the Siegfried System.
The Festum is destroyed, but with Tatsumiya Island's whereabouts exposed, the adults choose to relocate the island. Production is accelerated on additional Fafner units and more children are recruited to pilot them. It is also revealed that the cloaking was not meant to conceal Tatsumiya Island from only the Festum, but from the rest of humanity who would seek to use its technology in the greater war against them.

 Right of Left (2005) 
A prequel to the first series. Yumi Ikoma and Ryou Masaoka are children who have been selected to take part in a top secret mission, to be the pilots of the first Fafner combat units; the last chance of survival for the human race. The enemy is ruthless, remorseless and is able to read the minds of humans. Therefore, the details of this mission are kept a secret even from the personnel involved. The young pilots must use all their courage and faith in order to survive and complete their mission or the fate of mankind would be compromised.

 Heaven and Earth (2010) 
The year is 2148. Two years after the end of the original Fafner in the Azure TV series, Tatsumiya Island and its surviving residents have returned to some semblance of recovery. However, things have become desperate for our hero, Kazuki; nearly blind now, and partially crippled from his battles with the Festum two years earlier, he clings to the promise his fallen friend Sōshi made to him to return to the island and set things right again. Kazuki's hopes flare when a lifeform is detected within an unmanned submarine that comes floating into Tatsumiya Bay one night, but the person aboard isn't Sōshi; it is a mysterious "boy" named Misao Kurusu who may not be entirely human, and who claims to have been sent by Sōshi. With Misao's arrival, hostilities break out anew between the Human Army and the Festum, and the Fafner pilots are thrown into the most desperate battle of their lives - this time, with the fate of TWO races riding on their shoulders.

 Exodus (2015) 
2150 A.D. The fight against the Festum, a silicon-based alien life form that destroyed much of the world, enters a new phase. The first Azure Operation crushed the Arctic Mir, scattering its pieces around the world. Soon those fragments began to act of their own volition. While the majority of the Mir wage war, embracing a hatred for mankind, some of the Festum chose to co-exist with humanity. There were humans who also thought it was possible. Mankind and the Festum, co-existing. The concept questioned the very reason for the war, giving birth to even more hatred. This is no longer simply a fight between humans and the Festum.
Under such circumstances, Tatsumiya Island disappeared from the front lines, going silent. Through the encounter with Misao Kurusu two years ago, the island had the means to converse with the Mir. It gave the island a unique capability. The children of ALVIS, prepared for battle, sought a way to better understand the enemy.
And now, a new chapter is about to begin on the island. A girl who understands the Festum language. A girl the Festum protected. When the two meet, they will open the door to a new world...

 Media 

 Anime 
Fafner in the Azure: Dead Aggressor aired on TV Tokyo from July 4, 2004, to December 26, 2004. It features two pieces of theme music and one insert theme. angela performed the opening theme entitled "Shangri-La", the insert theme "Proof" in episode 15, and the ending theme "Separation". Sōkyū no Fafner: RIGHT OF LEFT, a 50-minute prequel special to the television series, aired on December 29, 2005. The ending theme "Peace of Mind" for the special was also performed by angela. The TV series was originally licensed by Geneon under the shortened title, Fafner, but has since been out of print.A film, titled Fafner in the Azure: Dead Aggressor: Heaven and Earth premiered in Japan on December 25, 2010. Once again, angela performed all theme songs (image, opening and insert) for the film. "FORTUNES" and "Rikai to Hakai e no Prelude (Prelude to Comprehension and Destruction)" are used as the image theme songs for the movie. "Sōkyū (Azure)" is used as ending theme and "Sayonara no Toki Kurai Hohoen de (At Least, Smile When We Are Saying Goodbye)" is used as insert theme for the movie.
A twitvideo post from lead vocalist Atsuko announced that a sequel to the Fafner in the Azure series has been green-lit for production. The announcement was originally made at the live streaming event, Soukyuu Sakusen, which was for the film. The sequel, titled, Fafner in the Azure: Dead Aggressor -EXODUS-, aired on MBS and several other stations from January 8, 2015, to December 26, 2015. It takes place two and a half years after Heaven and Earth. 
A sequel, titled Fafner in the Azure: The Beyond, was announced at the Sōkyū no Fafner Soshi Minashiro Birthday Festival in Yokohama on December 29, 2016. A teaser trailer of the sequel was officially streamed on January 6, 2017. A teaser trailer of the sequel was officially streamed on January 6, 2017. Staff from the previous series worked on the production. The series was later confirmed to be a 12-episode anime series, with the first three episodes premiering in theaters on May 17, 2019. Episodes four to six premiered on November 8, 2019. Episodes seven to nine premiered on November 13, 2020. Episodes ten to twelve premiered on November 5, 2021.On December 27, 2021, a spinoff anime episode titled Fafner in the Azure: Behind the Line was announced, featuring the returning staff and cast. It premiered in theaters on January 20, 2023.At New York Anime Festival/New York Comic Con 2011, Funimation Entertainment had announced that both the original TV series and the Heaven and Earth film were licensed, and they were released on DVD and Blu-ray in 2012. The series made its North American television debut on the Funimation Channel on October 29, 2012.

 Light novel 
A novelization of the Dead Agressor series written by Tow Ubukata and featuring illustrations by Hisashi Hirai was published on January 10, 2005. It was published in English by Digital Manga Publishing on July 22, 2008.

 Manga 
Two manga adaptations of the Dead Aggressor story have been released and they both share the same title as the first TV series.
The first one is illustrated by Mikami Akitsu. It ran in Dengeki Daioh magazine from July 4, 2004 to December 26, 2004 and was collected into two tankōbon volumes by MediaWorks. Digital Manga Publishing licensed this manga for release in North America and published the volumes on July 7, 2010, and April 30, 2011.
The second one is illustrated by Tomomi Matsushita. It was serialized in Kodansha's Monthly Shōnen Sirius magazine from September 26, 2014 to February 26, 2018, and transferred to Kodansha and pixiv's Palcy manga app in 2018, where it ended on August 25, 2021. It was collected into nine tankōbon volumes.

 Music and Drama CD 
Numerous soundtracks, drama CDs and character CDs have been released for the series.
Fafner features music composed by Tsuneyoshi Saito and performed by the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra.
Japanese band angela consistently write and perform all of Fafner's opening, insert and ending theme songs that achieve strong sales and popularity. They also released a Fafner tribute album titled "Yakusoku" (約束, lit. "Promise") on December 25, 2008, celebrating the series' fifth anniversary. 

 Video games 
Fafner in the Azure: Dead Aggressor was adapted by Bandai into a video game released for the PlayStation Portable in Japan on January 27, 2005, being one of the first releases for the platform. It follows the storyline of the first season almost directly with two bonus missions and also features new weapons such as the dimension gun.
In 2009, the series made its debut in the long-running Super Robot Wars series as a part of Super Robot Wars K for the Nintendo DS. It returned in 2013 in Super Robot Wars UX for the Nintendo 3DS, which also marks the debut of the series' movie sequel, Heaven and Earth.

 See also 
Fafnir - a character in Norse Mythology who turns himself into a dragon to protect its treasure.
Fenrir - a monstrous wolf in Norse Mythology who is foretold to kill the god Odin during the events of Ragnarök.
Mjölnir - Hammer of the god Thor, one of the most fearsome weapons in Norse Mythology.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Sōkyū no Fafner: Dead Aggressor Official Japanese website (in Japanese)
Sōkyū no Fafner: Heaven and Earth Official Japanese website (in Japanese)
Sōkyū no Fafner: Heaven and Earth Archived February 21, 2011, at the Wayback Machine Official English website (in English)
Sōkyū no Fafner: EXODUS Official Japanese website (in Japanese)
Sōkyū no Fafner: EXODUS Archived October 20, 2015, at the Wayback Machine Official English website (in English)
Sōkyū no Fafner: Dead Aggressor (anime) at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
Sōkyū no Fafner: Dead Aggressor Official Chronology (in English)

2022 Music City Bowl
The 2022 Music City Bowl was a college football bowl game that was played on December 31, 2022, at Nissan Stadium in Nashville, Tennessee. The 24th annual Music City Bowl, featured Iowa from the 
Big Ten Conference and Kentucky from the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The game began at 11:10 a.m. CST and aired on ABC. It was one of the 2022–23 bowl games concluding the 2022 FBS football season. Sponsored by translation and language services company TransPerfect, the game was officially known as the TransPerfect Music City Bowl.

 Teams 
The game features Iowa of the Big Ten and Kentucky of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). Both teams received and accepted invitations on December 4, 2022. This is their second-ever meeting—they previously met in a bowl game following the 2021 season, the 2022 Citrus Bowl, won by Kentucky.

 Iowa Hawkeyes 

The Hawkeyes played in the Music City Bowl for the first time, and entered the game with a 7–5 record, 5–4 in conference play. They faced two ranked FBS opponents (at the time of the matchup) during the season, losing to No. 4 Michigan and No. 2 Ohio State. The Hawkeyes were led by quarterback Joe Labas, who was making his collegiate debut.

 Kentucky Wildcats 

The Wildcats enter the Music City Bowl with a 7–5 record, 3–5 in conference play. Kentucky will be making its sixth appearance in the Music City Bowl. The Wildcats opened their season with four consecutive wins and were ranked as high as No. 7 before losing three of their next four games. They faced six ranked opponents (at the time of the matchup), defeating No. 12 Florida, No. 16 Mississippi State, and No. 25 Louisville while losing to No. 14 Ole Miss, No. 3 Tennessee, and No. 1 Georgia.

 Game summary 

 Statistics 

 References 

WNBJ-LD
WNBJ-LD (channel 39) is a low-power television station in Jackson, Tennessee, United States, affiliated with NBC and The CW Plus. The station is owned by Coastal Television Holdings, and maintains studios on North Highland Avenue and a transmitter near the corner of Commerce and Iselin streets, both in downtown Jackson.

 History 
Plans for an NBC affiliate in Jackson originated with the 2011 acquisition of former TBN repeater W35AH channel 35 from the Minority Media and Television Council (an organization designed to preserve equal opportunity and civil rights in the media) by New Moon Communications, as part of a package deal that also included former TBN repeaters in Dothan, Alabama; Jonesboro, Arkansas; and Ottumwa, Iowa. Of the four stations, only the Dothan station became NBC, but under different owners, as WRGX-LD. KJNE-LP in Jonesboro was sold to Waypoint Media, LLC of Meridian, Mississippi, owners of Fox/CBS affiliate KJNB-LD (and eventually became a satellite of that station), while the licenses in Ottumwa (KUMK-LP) and Jackson (whose transmitter would be re-called WZMC-LP) would later be canceled, with the Jackson station canceled in July 2013.The history of WNBJ-LD originates with the station's construction permit granted in 2011, under the call sign W16DE-D. The current WNBJ-LD call letters replaced their previous translator-style call sign on July 9, 2014.
In September 2014, it was confirmed that WNBJ would sign on as an NBC affiliate for the Jackson market. WMC-TV in Memphis or WSMV in Nashville were previously the default NBC affiliates for the Jackson area using a very strong antenna, or through cable television. Some of the far northern parts of the local media market (e.g. northern Gibson County north of Trenton) could pick up WPSD in Paducah, Kentucky until the DTV transition for full-power stations took place in 2009.
On October 6, 2014, WNBJ went on the air first via Dish Network channel 6 at 11:30 a.m. CDT. OTA followed in November 2014 and Direct TV in January 2015. The station was signed-on by a local group known as Jackson TV, LLC, who then entered into an outsourcing agreement with Waypoint Media to allow Waypoint to operate the station.NBC was the last of the Big Four television networks to have a local outlet in Jackson. Currently, The Jackson Energy Authority's cable system still pipes in most of the major outlets in Memphis, including WMC-TV. CBS affiliate WTVF is the only Nashville-based media outlet offered on JEA's cable lineup, with WNBJ-LD replacing WSMV on cable channel 4.
WNBJ was the second television station in the Jackson market to sign on exclusively in digital, about eight to nine months after WYJJ-LD.
On February 23, 2016, the station's original owners agreed to merge WNBJ-LD's licensee with a subsidiary of SagamoreHill Broadcasting. The merger was completed on April 1.

 Sale to Coastal Television 
In July 2021, Waypoint announced that it would sell nine of its television stations, including WNBJ-LD, to Cumming, Georgia—based Coastal Television for $36.9 million. The sale was completed on January 4, 2022.

 Subchannel history 

 WNBJ-LD2 (CW+) 
On August 6, 2018, a 720p HD feed (branded as "West Tennessee's CW 39") of The CW's national CW Plus service was added to subchannel 39.2, succeeding cable-only "WBJK" as the CW Plus affiliate for the Jackson, Tennessee market.

 WNBJ-LD3 (H&I/MyTV) 
In September 2019, the MyNetworkTV affiliation in Jackson, Tennessee moved to a secondary affiliation alongside H&I on the third subchannel of WNBJ-LD (branded as "My H&I 39"), in light of WYJJ-LD ending its affiliation with MyNetworkTV to carry Court TV full-time.

 Programming 

 General programming 
Syndicated programming on WNBJ-LD includes Rachael Ray, Inside Edition, Family Feud and Divorce Court among others.
WNBJ airs a program called Exit82. Produced locally by Red Art Studios, it is a "concert/interview" format show that features "popular and up-and-coming musical talent from the Jackson and surrounding areas" who "perform original music". The program is named after I-40's interchange with US 45 in Jackson.
WNBJ also airs Harmony Road and Tennessee Gospel Show that showcases traditional and contemporary Christian music, and Vertical Descent, a local hunting show produced in Chester County.

 News operation 
WNBJ's news operation launched August 28, 2017. WNBJ-LD currently airs 7½ hours of local newscasts, all weekdays at 6 p.m., 9 p.m. (on LD2) and 10 p.m. The newscasts are all produced out of the Waypoint News Hub in Little Rock, Arkansas, utilizing News Hub talent for all but local contributions.
Lon Tegels, a 30-year veteran at various television stations, including WXXV-TV in Biloxi, Mississippi, is WNBJ's first news director. Reporters on the news team include Jackson Overstreet and Camila Rueda.

 Technical information 

 Subchannels 
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:

 Coverage area 
WNBJ is a low-power television station with 15,000 watts of power; the station's signal gives WNBJ a coverage area comprising most of the Jackson market, or 94,110 television households, and the far eastern portion of the Memphis market. The Jackson DMA consists of viewers living in Carroll, Chester, Gibson, Hardin, Henderson, and Madison counties in West Tennessee. WNBJ's signal also covers parts of Crockett, Hardeman, Haywood, northern Fayette, and McNairy counties in the Memphis market. Hardin County is the only area within WNBJ's home market that is out of its broadcast range, though it is possible for local cable systems to receive the signal by alternate means, such as a fiber-optic connection or via Dish or DirecTV.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
WNBJ-LD2 "West Tennessee's CW 39"

Manon Fiorot
Manon Fiorot (born February 17, 1990) is a French mixed martial artist, currently competing in the Flyweight division in the  Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). As of September 19, 2023, she is #3 in the UFC women's flyweight rankings, and as of September 5, 2023, she is #6 in the UFC women's pound-for-pound rankings.

 Early life 
Manon Fiorot was born on (1990-02-17)February 17, 1990 in Nice, France. Her athletic career began at the age of 7 when she started to practice Karate. Later, she took up residence at a snowboarding school, and won the French Snowboarding Championship.At age 18, Fiorot returned to karate and earned her black belt before joining the French national team. In 2014, she was selected for the Karate World Championships, but was seriously injured shortly thereafter. After recovering, she discovered kickboxing and Muay Thai in which she won several national competitions. In amateur Muay Thai, her record is 12 victories and 0 defeats, and she holds two national champion titles. Fiorot also won three national championship titles in K-1.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
In 2017, she participated in the IMMAF European Open Championships where she lost in the bantamweight final to the wrestling of Cornelia Holm. A few months later, she won the IMMAF World Championships.On June 16, 2018, she fought professionally for the first time against Leah McCourt in the Cage Warriors promotion at Cage Warriors 94 and lost by split decision.In 2019, she traveled to Johannesburg, South Africa to join a reality show called The Fighter organized by the Extreme Fighting Championship (EFC). After 2 months of competition, she won the reality show's contest and joined the EFC. In December 2019, she won against Amanda Lino, becoming the EFC Women's Flyweight World Champion.After earning her title, she joined UAE Warriors, a professional promotion located in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. At UAE Warriors 12, she defeated Corinne Laframboise via TKO in round three. Fiorot defeated Naomi Tataroglu via TKO in the second round at UAE Warriors 13. At UAE 14, she defeated Gabriela Campos via TKO in the first round, capturing the UAEW Flyweight Championship.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
Fiorot made her UFC debut on January 20, 2021 at UFC on ESPN: Chiesa vs. Magny against Victoria Leonardo. She won the fight via second-round technical knockout.Fiorot was scheduled to face Maryna Moroz on June 5, 2021 at UFC Fight Night: Rozenstruik vs. Sakai. However, Moroz was pulled from the event for undisclosed reasons, and she was replaced by Tabatha Ricci. Fiorot won the bout via standing TKO in the second round.Fiorot was scheduled to face Mayra Bueno Silva on September 25, 2021 at UFC 266. However, the bout was postponed to UFC Fight Night: Ladd vs. Dumont due to COVID-19 protocols. Fiorot won the fight via unanimous decision.As the first bout of her new multi-fight contract, Fiorot was scheduled to face Jessica Eye on March 5, 2022 at UFC 272. However, a week before the event, Eye withdrew due to injury and the bout was cancelled.Fiorot faced Jennifer Maia vs on March 26, 2022 at UFC on ESPN 33. She won the fight by unanimous decision.Fiorot was scheduled to face Katlyn Chookagian on September 3, 2022, at UFC Fight Night 209. However, Chookagian withdrew due to unknown reasons in mid June and was replaced by former UFC Women's Strawweight Champion Jéssica Andrade.  In turn, Andrade withdrew in mid July due to undisclosed reasons and was replaced by Fiorot's original opponent Chookagian. After Fiorot injured her knee, the bout was eventually shifted to take place at UFC 280 on October 22, 2022. At the weigh-ins, Chookagian weighed in at 127.5 pounds, 1.5 pounds over the flyweight non-title fight limit. Chookagian was fined 20% of her purse, which went to her opponent  Fiorot. She won the fight by unanimous decision.Fiorot faced former UFC Women's Strawweight champion Rose Namajunas on September 2, 2023 at UFC Fight Night 226 in Paris. The bout was Fiorot's first fight in her homeland and Namajunas' flyweight debut as a professional. She won the fight via unanimous decision.Fiorot is scheduled to face Erin Blanchfield on March 30, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 241.

 Championships and accomplishments 

 Mixed martial arts 
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Tied (Erin Blanchfield) for the second longest win streak in UFC Women's Flyweight division history (6)Extreme Fighting Championship
EFC Women's Flyweight World Championship (One time)
UAE Warriors
UAEW Flyweight Championship (One time)

 Mixed martial arts record 

 Exhibition record 

 Amateur record 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of female mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 
Manon Fiorot at UFC
Professional MMA record for Manon Fiorot from Sherdog

Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah
Grand Ayatollah Muhammad Husayn Fadlallah (also Sayyed Muhammad Hussein Fadl-Allāh; Arabic: محمد حسين فضل الله; 16 November 1935 – 4 July 2010) was a prominent twelver Shia cleric from a Lebanese family. Born in Najaf, Iraq, Fadlallah studied Islam in Najaf before moving to Lebanon in 1952. In the following decades, he gave many lectures, engaged in intense scholarship, wrote dozens of books, founded several Islamic religious schools, and established the Mabarrat Association. Through the aforementioned association, he established a public library, a women's cultural center, and a medical clinic.
Fadlallah was sometimes called the "spiritual mentor" of Hezbollah in the media, although this was disputed by other sources. He was also the target of several assassination attempts, including the 1985 Beirut car bombing.His death was followed by a huge turnout in Lebanon, visits by virtually all major political figures across the Lebanese spectrum, and statements of condolence from across the greater Middle East region; but it also led to controversy in the West and a denunciation in Israel.

 Early life 
Fadlallah was born in the Iraqi Shia shrine city of Najaf on 16 November 1935. His parents, Abdulraouf Fadlullah and al-Hajja Raoufa Hassan Bazzi, had migrated there from the village of 'Aynata in south Lebanon in 1928 to learn theology. By the time of his birth, his father was already a Muslim scholar.

 Education 
Fadlallah went first to a traditional school (Kuttāb) to learn the Quran and the basic skills of reading and writing. He soon left and went to a more "modern" school that was established by the publisher Jamiat Muntada Al-Nasher where he remained for two years and studied in the third and fourth elementary classes.
At these schools he began studying the religious sciences at a very young age. He started to read the Al-Ajurrumiyya when he was nine years old, and then he read Qatr al-Nada wa Bal Al-Sada (Ibn Hisham).
He completed Sutouh in which the student reads the book and listens to his teacher's explanation. He also studied the Arabic language, logic and Jurisprudence, and did not need another teacher until he studied the second part of the course known as Kifayat at Usul which he studied with an Iranian teacher named Sheikh mujtaba Al-Linkarani. He attended the so-called Bahth Al-Kharij in which the teacher does not restrict himself to a certain book but gives more or less free lectures. Fadlallah published a minor periodical before going to Lebanon. At the age of ten, he put out a handwritten literary journal with some of his friends.

 Return to Lebanon 
After 21 years of studying under the prominent teachers of the Najaf religious university he concluded his studies in 1966 and returned to Lebanon. He had already visited Lebanon in 1952 where he recited a poem eulogizing Muhsin al Amin at his funeral.
In 1966 Fadlallah received an invitation from a group who had established a society called "The family of Fraternity" (جمعية أسرة التآخي Jam'iyat Usrat at-Ta'akhi) to come and live with them in the area of Naba'a in Eastern Beirut. He agreed, especially as the conditions at Najaf impelled him to leave.
In Naba'a Fadlallah began his work, by organising cultural seminars and delivering religious speeches that discussed social issues as well.
Nevertheless, Fadlallah's main concern was to continue to develop his academic work. Thus he founded a religious school called the Islamic Sharia Institute in which several students enrolled who later became prominent religious scholars including Sheikh Ragib Harb. He also established a public library, a women's cultural centre and a medical clinic.
When the Lebanese Civil War forced him to leave the area, he moved to the Southern Suburbs where he started to give priority to teaching and educating the people. He used the mosque as his centre for holding daily prayers giving lessons in Qur'anic interpretation, as well as religious and moral speeches, especially on religious occasions such as Ashura. He soon resumed his academic work and began to give daily lessons in Islamic principles, jurisprudence and morals. In 1982 Dawa unites with other Islamic Shia armed organizations (Islamic Amal, Islamic Jihad Organization, Jundallah) to found Hezbollah.

 Hezbollah connection 
He has been variously attributed by the media as being the spiritual leader of Hezbollah. Al Manar said he had "inspired the leaders" of the group. It added that "From the pulpit of the Imam Rida mosque in the Bir al-Abd neighborhood, Sayyed Fadlullah's sermons gave shape to the political currents among mainly the Muslim Shiite sect [of Lebanon], from the latter half of the 1980s till the last days of his life." Other sources, such as journalist Robert Fisk, also refuted such claims that he was affiliated with the group.

 Assassination attempts 

As one of the alleged leaders of Hezbollah, a status both he and the group denied he was the target of several assassination attempts, including the allegedly CIA-sponsored and funded 8 March 1985 Beirut car bombing that killed 80 people.On 8 March 1985, a car bomb equivalent to 440 lb (200 kg) of dynamite exploded 9–45 metres from his house in Beirut, Lebanon. The blast destroyed a 7-story apartment building and a cinema, killed 80 people and wounded 256. The attack was timed to go off as worshippers were leaving Friday Prayers. Most of the dead were girls and women who had been leaving the mosque, though the ferocity of the blast "burned babies in their beds," "killed a bride buying her trousseau," and "blew away three children as they walked home from the mosque." It also "devastated the main street of the densely populated" West Beirut suburb. but Fadlallah escaped injury.
Journalist Robin Wright quotes articles in The Washington Post and The New York Times as saying that according to the CIA, those responsible for the bombing were "Lebanese intelligence personnel and other foreigners" who had been "undergoing CIA training" but that "this was not our [CIA] operation and it was nothing we planned or knew about." "Alarmed U.S. officials subsequently canceled the covert training operation" in Lebanon, according to Wright.According to Bob Woodward, CIA director William Casey was involved in the attack, which he suggests was carried out with funding from Saudi Arabia. "In his book Woodward portrays Casey as a wily and aggressive director who made the CIA his personal instrument of foreign policy. In early 1985 Woodward reports, Casey went "off the books" to enlist Saudi help in carrying out three covert operations. One was the attempted assassination of Sheik Fadlallah, who had been linked to the bombings in Beirut. After that plot failed, Woodward writes, the Saudis offered Fadlallah a $2 million bribe to cease his terrorist attacks. He accepted, and the attacks stopped. Woodward's account of the incident was denied last week by the Saudi press agency and by Fadlallah's office." Former Lebanese warlord and statesman late Elie Hobeika was accused as one of those likely responsible for the actual operation.During the 2006 Lebanon War, Israeli warplanes bombed his two-story house in Beirut's southern Haret Hreik neighborhood. Fadlallah was not at home at the time of the bombing, which reduced the house to rubble.

 Views 
He supported the Iranian Islamic Revolution. In his sermons, he called for armed resistance to the Israeli occupations of Lebanon, the West Bank, and the Gaza Strip, along with opposition to the existence of Israel. 
He held relatively liberal views on the status of women. When he died in 2010, TIME magazine wrote about his contrarian stance:
"Fadlallah had broken with Hizballah and the toxic legacy of his early edicts. He criticized Iran's clerical rule, supported women's rights and insisted on dialogue with the West."

 U.S. foreign policy 
He has asked for a boycott of American products.

All American and Israeli goods and products should be boycotted in a way that undermines American and Israeli interests so as to act as deterrence to their war against Muslims and Islam that is being waged under the pretense of fighting terrorism.
This boycott should become an overwhelming trend that makes these two states feel that their economies are in a real and actual danger.))
In November 2007, Fadlallah accused the United States of trying to sabotage the election in Lebanon: "The insanity of the U.S. president and its administration is reflected in Lebanon by their ambassador pressuring the Lebanese people and preventing them from reaching an agreement over the presidential election."Though he welcomed the election of Barack Obama as the American president, the following year he expressed disappointment with Obama's lack of progress in the Middle East peace process saying he appeared to have no plan to bring peace to the region.

 9/11 criticism 
Despite his criticism of U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East, he condemned the September 11 attacks in the United States as acts of terrorism.

 Israel 
Fadlallah made statements in favour of suicide bombings against Israeli citizens. In a 2002 interview with The Daily Telegraph, he said:  

I was not the one who launched the idea of so-called suicide bombings...but I have certainly argued in favour of them. I do, though, make a distinction between them and attacks that target people in a state of peace - which was why I opposed what happened on September 11.
The situation of the Palestinians is quite different, because they are in a state of war with Israel. They are not aiming to kill civilians but, in war, civilians do get killed. Don't forget, the Palestinians are living under mountains of pressure.

They have had their land stolen, their families killed, their homes destroyed, and the Israelis are using weapons, such as the F16 aircraft, which are meant only for major wars. There is no other way for the Palestinians to push back those mountains, apart from martyrdom operations.
His support for suicide bombings against Israel were based on the grounds that the latter uses advanced weaponry; it was also claimed that he wished that the state of Israel would cease to exist.Following the Mercaz HaRav massacre, Fadlallah called the attack "heroic." Western sources also cite his favour for suicide bombings against Israeli citizens. Fadlallah explained the religious basis for suicide attacks in an interview with Daily Star.In September 2009, Fadlallah issued a fatwa banning normalisation of ties with Israel. He also objected to any territorial settlement, saying "the entire land of Palestine within its historical borders is one Arab-Islamic country and no one has right to spare on[e] inch of it." Another English translation (from the Arabic in Al Akhbar) was given in The Daily Middle East Reporter.

 Islamic governance 
Despite his ties with the Islamic Republic of Iran, Fadlallah distanced himself from the Ayatollah Khomeini's legacy of Veleyat-e Faqih as theocratic rule by Islamic clerics was said to argue that "no Shia religious leader, not even Khomeini… has a monopoly on the truth." He also first endorsed Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani rather than Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as the marja for Shia in matters of religion, before claiming the role for himself. In a 2009 interview, Fadlallah said that he did not believe wilayat al-faqih has a role in modern Lebanon.

 Women 
Fadlallah was known for his relatively liberal views on women, whom he saw as equal to men. He believed that women have just as much of a responsibility towards society as men do, and women should be role models for both men and women. Fadlallah also believed that women have the same exact ability as men to fight their inner weaknesses. He saw the hijab as something that makes a man see a woman not as a sex object, but instead as a human being. He believes, like all of his peers in the Islamic seminary that women should cover their entire body except for their face and hands, and that they should avoid wearing excessive makeup when they go out in public.Fadlallah also issued a fatwa on the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women that supports the right of a woman to defend herself against any act of violence whether social or physical. The fatwa reaffirms the rights of women, both at their workplace and at home, and states that Islam forbids men from exercising any form of violence against women and forbids men from depriving women of their legal rights. In his words "physical violence in which women are beaten, proves that these men are weak, for only the weak are in need of unjust violence". He also issued fatwas forbidding female circumcision and honour killings.

 Abortion 
He was opposed to abortion in most cases; however, when the women is in an abnormal amount of danger by the pregnancy, he believed it was permissible.

 Amman Message 
He was one of the Ulama signatories of the Amman Message, which gives a broad foundation for defining Muslim orthodoxy.

 Controversial views regarding Islamic doctrine 
Fadlallah held controversial views regarding Islamic doctrine, as espoused in some of his works and speeches. He also issued many fatwas and opinions that courted controversy, for which he was condemned and not supported by other eminent Islamic scholars, including a representative of Grand Ayatollah al-Sistani, the office of Grand Ayatollah Mirza Jawad Tabrizi, in the holy city of Qom, released a statement that "any help to or cooperation with him in publishing his writings is not legal with respect to Islam". He was also condemned by Grand Ayatollahs Bashir al-Najafi, Hossein Waheed Khorasani, Mohammad al-Husayni al-Shirazi, Sadiq Hussaini Shirazi and others.

 Social work 
Fadlallah was quoted as saying, "We have to improve our education and gain more scientific knowledge. If we do not make the best of our time now, we will not be able to build our future or develop in the future." In addition to the academic work that Fadlallah did, he also opened up schools, Islamic centres, and orphanages:

 Schools 
The Imam Al-Khoei Orphanage, Beirut (Dawha)
Imam Al-Baqir Secondary school, Beka`a (Hirmil)
Imam Al-Jawed Secondary school, Beka`a (Ali Nahri)
Imam Ali Bin Abi Talib school, South Lebanon (Ma`roub)
Imam Hassan Secondary school, Beirut (Ruwais)
Al-Mujtaba Secondary School, Beirut (Hay Al-Salum)
Imam Ja`afar As-Sadiq school, South Lebanon (Jwaya)
Al-Kauther Secondary school, Beirut (Bir Hassan)
Imam Hussein School, Beka`a (Suh`mour), under construction
Ali Al-Akbar Vocational Institute Beirut (Doha)

 Islamic centres 
The large Islamic Center, Beirut (Haret Hreik)Consists of the Al-Imamain Hassnian Mosque, the Zah`ra Hall and the Islamic Cultural Center.
Imam Hasan Askari Center Beka`a'(Sira'in)
Imam Hussein Center-Beka`a(Jlala)
Imam Ali Bin Abi Talib center South Lebanon.(AL-Hawzah-Sour)
Ahl Al-Beit Mosque Beka`a' (Rayak)
Imam Ja'far Al-Sadiq Mosque Beka`a (Hirmil)
Ahl Al-Beit Center, North Lebanon (Tripoli)
Sayyida Zaynab Mosque, Beka`a (Baalbeck)

 Orphanages 
Imam Al-Khoei Orphanage (Beirut-Doha)
Imam Zein Al-Abidine (A.S.) Orphanage Biqaa(Hirmil).
Imam Ali Bin Abi Talib (A.S.) Orphanage, South Lebanon. (The Ma`roub-Sour road)
Virgin Mary Orphanage (A.S.) South Lebanon(Jiwaya).
Al- Sayyida Khadijah Al-Kubraa (A.S.) Orphanage, Beirut (Bir-Hassan).
The Zaynab (A.S.) Orphanage West Biqaa (Suh`mour) Under construction.

 Death 
Fadlallah was hospitalized several times in the months before his death, suffering from internal bleeding. His frailty prevented him from delivering Friday sermons in the weeks preceding his death. Fadlallah's media office announced his death at Al-Hassanein Mosque in the southern Beirut suburb of Haret Hureik on 4 July 2010. He was 74. His office said the funeral was scheduled for 6 July at 13:30 p.m. leaving from his house, his burial to be in Al-Hasanein Mosque. His family received condolences at the mosque.The day was also declared by Lebanon as a day of national mourning. The cabinet's General Secretariat said all public institutions and administrations, headquarters of municipalities, private and public schools and universities would be closed. The Lebanese flag would be lowered to half-mast in public institutions and administration and the headquarters of municipalities. Radio and television programmes would also be "adjusted in line with the painful occasion."At his funeral, his supporters carried his body around Shia neighbourhoods in southern Beirut, then marched to the spot of his 1985 assassination attempt before returning to Imam Rida Mosque, where he was laid to rest. Thousands of mourners gathered at the mosque for prayer services before the funeral procession. Delegations included representatives from Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, Syria and Iran. Thousands of his followers also gathered outside his mosque in Haret Hreik. Al-Manar broadcast the funeral. They said thousands of his followers took part in his funeral and told "his eminence for the last time their 'own secrets' and vowing to stay committed to his path. They told him that even if he has died, he will remain the ideal and the model for them, that even if he has died, his eminence will remain a great man in the eyes of all those who had the chance to know him, and his views will continue to circulate from one generation to another". Al-Manar said his followers "launched a school of beliefs and thoughts, a school that would always be committed to the main causes of Islam, from Jihad to Resistance, and face all foreign threats against the region." It claimed that Fadlallah "committed to the central cause, Palestine, calling to fight occupation through all possible means. His eminence issued different 'fatwa's calling to fight Israel and boycott American goods and ban normalizing of relations, and was a 'true supporter' of Islamic unity all over his life. In his last moments before his death, Sayyed Fadlullah was still preoccupied with the cause. He was asking about the dawn prayers and telling his nurse that he wouldn't rest before Israel's vanishing."

 Reactions 
 Prime Minister of Lebanon Saad Hariri, called him "a voice of moderation and an advocate of unity" for the Lebanese people. Hezbollah declared three days of mourning and Secretary General Hasan Nasrallah vowed to stay faithful to the "sacred goals" he had "sacrificed his life to achieve." He added that "we have lost a compassionate father, a wise guide, a fortified shelter, and a strong support that was present at all stages. [He] was all the above mentioned for us and for the whole religious and resistant generation since we were youngsters praying behind him. This is what his eminence was to us, and to all this faithful, struggling, and resisting generation, since the time we were youths praying in his assembly (congregational prayers), guided by his words, and learning beneath his pulpit. In his school, he taught us to advocate with wisdom and kind preaching, to be people of dialogue with others, to reject tyranny, to resist occupation, to adore meeting God the Almighty with certitude, and to be people of patience, steadfastness, and determination even with all the calamities, hardships, and distress we face. To us, he was the teacher, instructor, the knowledge, and the light that lights up our way through every hardship. His pure soul, enlightened intellect, kind words, compassionate smile, chaste biography, and firm stances will remain within us as a guide, conduit, and progressing strong motive that pushes us forth to continuous hard work and jihad." He visited Fadlallah's family to express condolences on behalf of Hezbollah. The Loyalty to the Resistance bloc offered its condolences to the country adding that the country "loyal to his eminence's values and principles would continue his path with more enthusiasm to achieve his human goals of freedom and justice." The Lebanese Speaker of Parliament Nabih Berri said the Islamic nation has lost "a leading advocate of Muslim unity and a resounding voice supporting what is right and just, and resisting injustice and aggression". He praised Fadlallah as one of the most prominent pillars of coexistence among cultures and religions in Lebanon, calling him a "backer of the resistance until his last breath". A delegation from his parliamentary Liberation and Development parliamentary bloc also visited the clerics' family. Phalange leader Amin Gemayel and a delegation of his party's MPs, former Premier and Sidon MP Fouad Siniora, the Syrian Ambassador to Lebanon Ali Abdel-Karim, Lebanese Army commander General Jean Kahwaji, head of the Free Patriotic Movement and Kesrouan MP Michel Aoun, accompanied by a delegation from his Change and Reform bloc and Beirut Metropolitan for Greek Orthodox Bishop Elias Audi, heading a number of religious figures. paid their respects at Fadlallah's death as well. Fadlallah's followers remembered him fondly for his compassion, his support of women's rights, and his teachings on topics such as sex and smoking. The day after the funeral Mufti Mohamad Rashid Qabbani, former Prime Minister Omar Karame, the head of the Marada movement Suleiman Franjieh, former Iraqi Prime Ministers Ibrahim Jaafari and Iyad Allawi, the head of the Lebanese Democratic Movement Talal Arslan, the Egyptian ambassador Ahmad Badyawi, MP's Gebran Bassil, Ibrahim Najjar, Salim Warde, and George Odwan came to the mosque to offer their condolences. Additional visitors included Ali al-Adib on behalf of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, Sami al-Jawad representing former Speaker Kamel al-Asaad, Director General of Internal Security Forces Major General Ashraf Rifi, Bishop Elias Kfouri. Nasrallah also received the Grand Mufti of the Lebanese Republic Sheikh Mohammad Rashid Qabbani who offered his condolences. A statement released by Hezbollah said the two discussed Fadlallah's "glorious deeds and the big loss caused by his death to Lebanon and the nation." Although representatives of Shia, Sunni, Druze, Christian, and other non-religious figures expressed regret at Fadlullah's death, the conspicuous absence of Maronite Patriarch Nasrallah Sfeir was viewed as a "boycott" by Al-Akhbar, because of Fadlallah's response to Sfeir's comments about the rule of the majority and the opposition of the minority in Lebanon.
Al Manar had its own tribute for him saying "Dubbed by the media as the "Spiritual Leader" of the Islamic resistance "Hezbollah", in Lebanon, Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlullah inspired the leaders for the resistance group, and served as a highly influential beacon of truth for all the oppressed peoples of the world." Adding that "Fadlullah was not only a Muslim reference and authority but rather one of the most prominent contemporary religious authorities in the Islamic World. His great experience in teaching jurisprudence as well as his constant monitoring of the latest trends and literature of the major religious schools have enabled him to launch his own school and to be followed by thousands of Muslim believers in Lebanon and the region". They added that Fadlallah united Lebanon after his death, saying he was "able to deliver a message of unity and peace to all Lebanese, a message of commitment to all values and principles, at the top of which comes the recognition of the patriots. Through his sorrowful death, Grand Ayatollah Sayyed Mohamad Hussein Fadlullah accomplished his mission and joined Lebanese, all Lebanese regardless of their identities and sects, around him. With his sad death, Ayatollah Sayyed Fadlullah made the headlines in Lebanon and the region as his lovers and supporters were unable to believe that this great man has actually passed away." Other media outlets in Lebanon also offered tributes to Fadlallah. Assafir noted the religious diversity of people at his funeral as well delegations from Syria, Iran, United Arab Emirates, Jordan, Iraq, Palestine, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, and other countries that were present. Al-Liwa, Asharq, and Addiyar also had headline articles on his death.
His family thanked Hezbollah's Secretary General and leadership for the consolations they expressed.
The Organisation of the Islamic Conference issued a statement lamenting the death with great affection and sorrow. "Sayyed Fadlullah's death represents a great death to the Islamic nation, where he lived loyal in serving his country and his nation's issues, presenting a symbol in rapprochement between sects. With his death, the Islamic nation loses one of the most prominent Islamic figures, who played a great role in supporting the Islamic solidarity."
 King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa also sent his to Fadlallah's family expressing his sincere condolences to the family, and prayed for the Fadlallah's soul to rest in eternal peace. He also praised Fadlullah's scientific and religious contributions in the service of Islam and Muslims.
 In Iraq, Ali al-Adeeb, a senior member of the Dawa party, called his death a major loss to the Islamic world adding that: "It will be hard to replace him". In Fadlallah's birthplace, however, his death was met with a chilly reception without banners or open displays of mourning as clergy in Najaf expressed discomfort over his legacy and liberal values.
 The Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei cabled his condolences to Fadlullah's family and his supporters saying "This great intellectual and Mujahid had a huge impact and influence in the political and religious scenes in Lebanon. We won't forget his numerous favors and blessings throughout the years. Sayyed Fadlullah was loyal to the path of the Islamic Revolution and proved this through words and actions throughout the Islamic Republic's thirty years." The Chairman of the Expediency Discernment Council of Iran. Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani said Fadlallah was an ideal fit to the Hadith that says "The death of a religious scholar causes such a void in Islam that nothing can fill up." Adding that he was an ideal struggler scholar, and the number of assassination attempts he faced for his path are the biggest honour. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad expressed his condolences to Lebanese President Michel Suleiman saying "The brilliant and valuable service of the honourable cleric for national unity and his perseverance with the resistance will live on in the history of Lebanon." Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki sent his condolences to Lebanese officials such as Hasan Nasrallah, Nabih Berri, his Lebanese counterpart Ali Shami, and Fadlallah's son, Ali Fadlallah, expressing his condolences to the Lebanese government and people, as well as to Fadlallah's family. Parliamentary Speaker Ali Larijani issued a statement emphasizing that Fadlallah "spent his blessed life in favor of Islam and the Lebanese people," while noting that he used to observe situations with a critical view and bright mind, while enlightening Muslims at the right times, he also used to build an obstacle for the enemy. An Iranian delegation headed by Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati was present for the funeral.
 An Israeli spokesman said Ayatollah Fadlallah was "unworthy of praise". They also criticised Britain's ambassador to Lebanon for eulogising him.
 Emir Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah also sent his condolences to the family of Fadlallah saying he prayed to Almighty Allah to have mercy on the soul of the deceased. National Assembly Speaker Jassem Mohammed Al-Khorafi also sent a cable of condolences to his Lebanese counterpart consoling him on the death of Fadlallah. Al-Khorafi expressed his heartfelt sorrow at the news, asking God to have mercy on the soul of the deceased. He also sent a similar cable to the family of Fadlullah.
 President Mahmoud Abbas sent his condolences to his Lebanese counterpart. The head of Hamas' Political Bureau, Khaled Meshaal, sent a letter to Fadlallah's son lamenting the loss of his father. "The dear deceased was one of the nation's special and great figures, with his knowledge, grace, moderation, mediation, forgiveness and openness to others, in addition to his courageous stances regarding the nation's issues, especially towards the Palestinian issue and the Arab-Zionist struggle. His eminence was one of the greatest symbols and scholars defending the choice of resistance and Jihad against the occupation, in support of the Palestinian strife and our people's right to freedom, liberty and liberation." An Hamas delegation from Gaza headed by Marwan Abu Ras was also present at the funerary services.
 Emir Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani offered condolences to the Lebanese people on behalf of Qatar, its Emir, government and people. Upon arrival in Beirut, al-Thani praised the "commendable attributes of Fadlallah and his relentless efforts in seeking rapprochement and conciliation among various Muslim sects."
 Saudi Arabia sent a delegation for the funeral.
 Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan called Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah to offer his condolences and asked to relay them to Fadlallah's family and the Lebanese people. Nasrallah responded in appreciation and for Erdogan's stance on the Palestinian issue.
 The British ambassador to Lebanon, Frances Guy, also wrote: "I remember well, when I was nominated ambassador to Beirut, a Muslim acquaintance sought me out to tell me how lucky I was because I would get a chance to meet Sayyed Mohamad Hussein Fadlullah. Truly he was right...I usually avoid answering by referring to those I enjoy meeting the most and those that impress me the most. Until yesterday my preferred answer was to refer to Sayyed Mohamad Hussein Fadlullah. When you visited him you could be sure of a real debate, a respectful argument and you knew you would leave his presence feeling a better person. That for me is the real effect of a true man of religion; leaving an impact on everyone he meets, no matter what their faith...Lebanon is a lesser place the day after but his absence will be felt well beyond Lebanon's shores. If I was sad to hear the news I know other peoples' lives will be truly blighted. The world needs more men like him willing to reach out across faiths, acknowledging the reality of the modern world and daring to confront old constraints." The UK foreign office said it had taken down the message after "mature consideration." They also added that "the ambassador expressed a personal view on Shiekh Sayyid Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah describing the man as she knew him. We welcomed his progressive views on women's rights and interfaith dialogue but there were also areas where we had profound disagreements, especially over his statements advocating attacks on Israel."
Robert Fisk wrote in The Independent "I do believe that Fadlallah was a very serious and very important man whose constant sermons on the need for spiritual regeneration and kindness did more good than most in a country constantly flooded in a rhetoric bath. Hundreds of thousands attended his funeral in Beirut on Tuesday. I am not surprised." The Telegraph's executive foreign editor Con Coughlin wrote an article saying "Don't be fooled by all the tributes that are pouring out following the death in Beirut at the weekend of Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, the so-called spiritual leader of the radical Shi'ite Muslim militia Hizbollah. The U.S. State Department's classification of Fadlallah as a terrorist was spot on, and when you look back at his track record you can see he was right up there with other infamous terror masterminds, such as Abu Nidal and Carlos the Jackal."
 President Ali Abdullah Saleh also sent his condolences to his Lebanese counterpart.
CNN's Lebanese senior editor of Middle East affairs Octavia Nasr was fired after a tweet saying she was "Sad to hear of the passing of Sayyed Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah...One of Hezbollah's giants I respect[ed] a lot." Hezbollah condemned her dismissal. Robert Fisk criticised CNN for the firing saying "Poor old CNN goes on getting more cowardly by the hour. That's why no one cares about it any more."

 See also 
Ayatollah Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim, maternal cousin of Ayatollah Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah.
Pope Shenouda III of Alexandria

 References 

 Sources 
Kramer, Martin (1997), "The Oracle of Hizbullah: Sayyid Muhammad Husayn Fadlallah". Full Text with footnotes published in Appleby, R. Scott, Spokesmen for the Despised: Fundamentalist Leaders in the Middle East, pp. 83-181, Chicago, University of Chicago Press (1997), ISBN 978-0-226-02125-6
Ranstorp, Magnus, Hizb'allah in Lebanon - The Politics of the Western Hostage Crisis, Palgrave Macmillan,1997

 External links 

Official Website (Arabic, English, French, Persian)
Official Website (Persian, Urdu)
The Oracle of Hizbullah: Sayyid Muhammad Husayn Fadlallah by Martin Kramer
Sayyed Fadlullah's Funeral… in Photos
On the Death of the Grand Ayatollah Fadlallah: "Religion Serves the People"

Pierre Beaubien
Pierre Beaubien (August 13, 1796 – January 9, 1881) was a physician and political figure in Canada East, Province of Canada (now Quebec).  Trained in medicine in France, he practised and taught medicine in Montreal.  He was involved in real estate development in Montreal, contributing to the creation of Outremont. He served two partial terms in the Legislative Assembly, the lower house of the Parliament of the Province of Canada, as a member of the French-Canadian Group under the leadership of Louis-Hippolyte LaFontaine.

 Family and early life 
Beaubien was born in Baie-du-Febvre, Lower Canada (now Quebec) in 1796.  His parents were a farm couple, Jean-Louis Beaubien and Marie-Jeanne Manseau. He studied at the Séminaire de Nicolet and the Petit Séminaire de Montréal. One of his teachers in Montreal, Abbé Jacques-Guillaume Roque, encouraged him to study in France, which he was able to do thanks to funding from his father and also from some of his relatives. In France, he completed a classical education at the Académie de Paris in 1819, and then studied medicine, qualifying as a doctor in 1822. He practised medicine in France for five years, and travelled in Europe.

 Medical practice 
Beaubien returned to Lower Canada in 1827 and received his licence to practise medicine there the following year. His former teacher, Abbé Roque, was able to get him appointed as doctor to the Sulpicians and the Sisters of the Congregation of Notre Dame. Abbé Roque also obtained appointments for him at the Montreal General Hospital and Hôtel-Dieu de Montréal.He practised at Hôtel-Dieu for fifty-one years, from 1829 to 1880. Beaubien was the first doctor to give clinical medical lectures at Hôtel-Dieu, and is believed to have been one of the first doctors to introduce the stethoscope to Canada. From 1832 to 1836 he was Montreal public health officer. He joined the Montreal School of Medicine and Surgery in 1849, becoming president of the school in the 1860s. Also in 1849, he was appointed medical superintendent of the Montreal jail, a position he held for the rest of his life.

 Commercial activities 
In addition to his medical practice, Beaubien branched out into commercial activities.  He became a major land-holder, and was involved in banking.
Beaubien eventually owned considerable properties in the areas of Côte-Sainte-Catherine, Côte-Saint-Louis, and Côte-des-Neiges.  The suburb of Outremont was developed on his properties, and Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery is on land he previously owned.  He donated four of the lots he owned in Côte-Saint-Louis to Bishop Ignace Bourget, who used the property to establish the Montreal Institute for the Deaf and Mute in 1879. Shortly before Beaubien died, he gave the remaining twenty-two lots to his son Louis. Along with Louis-Hippolyte LaFontaine and Joseph Bourret, Beaubien was co-owner of the sub-fief of La Gauchetière, which they had acquired from the Sulpician order in 1844.Beaubien was also involved in the creation and operation of two different banks, although his precise role is not clear.  The first was the Banque du Peuple, created in 1835 by a partnership headed by Jacob De Witt and Louis-Michel Viger. It was designed to provide credit to small businesses and farmers, particularly French-Canadians, to break the monopoly of the Bank of Montreal.  The second bank was the Montreal City and District Savings Bank, designed to provide banking services for individuals. Bishop Bourget was involved in the creation of this bank, as he wanted to encourage savings by lower-economic people who did not normally have access to banks.  As of 2024, the bank is still in business, as the Laurentian Bank of Canada.

 Political activities 
Beaubien served two terms on the city council for Montreal.  From 1842 to 1844, he was councillor for the Saint Lawrence ward, and the councillor for the Saint Louis ward from 1846 to 1847.
Beaubien also served two partial terms in the Legislative Assembly, the lower house of the Parliament of the Province of Canada.  He was first elected in November, 1843, to one of the two Montreal seats, after one of the incumbents, George Moffatt, resigned in protest at the decision to move the Parliament from Kingston to Montreal. Beaubien was elected late in the parliamentary session, and joined the French-Canadian Group led by LaFontaine.  He was in time to participate in a major vote in the Assembly, condemning the Governor General, Sir Charles Metcalfe, for not following the principles of  responsible government.  The motion passed on December 2, 1843, by a vote of 46 to 23 with the support of the French-Canadian Group, including Beaubien. Metcalfe prorogued the Parliament on December 9, 1843, and did not recall it until after the general elections of 1844.
Beaubien stood for re-election in the 1844 elections, and spoke at a major reform meeting in Montreal.  However, he and the other Montreal member, Lewis Thomas Drummond,  were defeated by Moffat and Clément-Charles Sabrevois de Bleury. In 1848, Beaubien again stood for election, this time in the Chambly riding, and was elected.  He again was a member of the French-Canadian group, and again participated in a major vote, in favour of the Rebellion Losses Bill, introduced by the LaFontaine-Baldwin ministry.  Its purpose was to compensate individuals in Lower Canada who had suffered property losses in the Rebellion, but attracted intense opposition from the English-aligned Tories.  When the bill passed and Governor General Lord Elgin gave royal assent, Tories in Montreal rioted and burnt the Parliament buildings. After the 1849 session ended, Beaubien resigned his seat to take the position of medical superintendent at the Montreal prison, ending his political career.Beaubien was a long-time member of the Association Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Montréal.  He was elected its president in 1859.

 Marriage and later life 
In 1829, Beaubien married Marie-Justine Casgrain, the daughter of Pierre Casgrain.  She was a widow, having previously been married to a naval surgeon.  The marriage took place in the chapel of the General Hospital of Quebec.  Her brother, Charles-Eusèbe Casgrain, was a lawyer who had been a member of the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada prior to the Lower Canada Rebellion.The couple had eleven children, but six of them died in infancy. One son, Louis Beaubien, also went into politics, sitting at various times in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec and the House of Commons of Canada.  Two of their sons went into the priesthood, and their only surviving daughter became a nun.Beaubien continued practising and teaching medicine until shortly before his death. 
He died in Outremont in 1881.Beaubien Street and Beaubien Metro Station are named after him.

 See also 
List of presidents of the Saint-Jean-Baptiste Society of Montreal

 References 

2019 WAFF Women's Clubs Championship
The 2019 WAFF Women's Clubs Championship was the inaugural WAFF Women's Clubs Championship, the West Asian women's club football championship organised by the WAFF. It took place in Aqaba, Jordan, from 3 to 11 October 2019 as a single round-robin.

 Teams 
Five teams from five nations participated in the inaugural competition.

 Group stage 
All times are local, AST (UTC+3).

 Goalscorers 
There were 58 goals scored in 10 matches, for an average of 5.8 goals per match.
9 goals

5 goals

4 goals

2 goals

1 goal

1 own goal

Source: The AFC

 See also 
2019 AFC Women's Club Championship

 External links 
Official website

 References 

List of Yale University people
Yalies are persons affiliated with Yale University, commonly including alumni, current and former faculty members, students, and others. Here follows a list of notable Yalies. 

 Alumni 

For a list of notable alumni of Yale Law School, see List of Yale Law School alumni.

 Prize recipients 

 Nobel laureates 

 Pulitzer Prize winners 

 Abel laureates 

John G. Thompson (B.A. 1955), 2008

 Architecture and visual arts 

 Arts and humanities 

 Athletics 

 Business 

 College founders and presidents 

 Film and television 

 Inventors and innovators 

 Life sciences and medicine 

 Mathematics and computer science 

 Physical sciences and engineering 

 Law and politics 

 Presidents and vice presidents, royalty, other heads of state, prime ministers and ministers 

 Supreme Court justices 
Information can be verified through the Biographical Directory of Federal Judges.

 U.S. Senators 
Information can be verified at the Biographical Directory of the U.S. Congress.

 Other legislators 

 Governors, mayors, other city and state officials 
Alumni who have served as governors may also have served in other government capacities, such as president or senator. In such cases, the names are left un-linked, but are annotated with a "See also:" which links to the section on this page where a more detailed entry can be found.

 Cabinet members, chairpersons/administrators and advisers 
The following have worked within the cabinet for their respective governments.

 Diplomats 

 Judges and attorneys 

 Activists 

 Political commentators 

 Other 
Matthew Adler (B.A. 1984 and J.D. 1991), law professor
Algernon Sydney Biddle (1847–1891), lawyer and law professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School
Moses Cleaveland (B.A. 1777), founder of Cleveland, Ohio
Manasseh Cutler (B.A. 1765), co-author of the Northwest Ordinance of 1787, member of the Ohio Company of Associates (the first non-Native American settlement in Ohio), Federalist congressman from Massachusetts (1801–1805)
John Hart Ely (J.D. 1963), legal scholar
James Gadsden (B.A. 1806), namesake of the Gadsden Purchase, in which the United States purchased from Mexico the land that became parts of Arizona and New Mexico
Quintin Johnstone (J.S.D. 1951), legal scholar
Clarence King (Ph.D. 1862), founder of the U.S. Geological Survey
James Wadsworth (1787), founder of Geneseo, New York, and leading pioneer and community leader of the Genesee Valley
Amy Wax (B.S. 1975), Robert Mundheim Professor of Law at the University of Pennsylvania Law School

 Military 

 Religion 

 History, literature, and journalism 

 Musicians and composers 

 Faculty 

Professors who are also Yale alumni are listed in italics.

 Nobel laureates 

 Social sciences 

 Technologists 

 Television 

 Theatre 

 Others 

 Arts and humanities 

 Life sciences and medicine 

 Mathematics 

 Physical sciences and engineering 

 Social sciences 

 Heads of Collegiate School, Yale College, and Yale University 

 See also 
Yale Corporation – including a list of corporation members

 References 

Ulzana
Ulzana (c. 1821 – 1909, also known as Josanni, Jolsanie or Ozaní’ – ″Tanned buckskin″ or Bį-sópàn – ″Big Buckskin″), was a Tsokanende Apache war chief, brother of Chihuahua. 

 Biography 
Both the brothers were loyal and warlike supporters and lieutenants of Cochise. Ulzana is best known for leading a raid in 1885 (which inspired the film Ulzana's Raid (1972)) through Arizona and New Mexico with only 11 Mogollon warriors, riding 1200 miles, killing 36 Pindah and Mexicans, terrifying settlers, cowboys and miners, stealing stock, and making fun of 2000 soldiers. He lost only one warrior, killed by San Carlos Apache, and went safely to Mexico in the last days of December. Ulzana surrendered, along with his brother Chihuahua and old Nana, on 3 March 1886, when 77 Apache (15 warriors, 33 women, and 29 children) made their entrance into Fort Bowie. Restrained on the reservation, Ulzana survived until 1909.

 Movies 
Ulzana's Raid (1972)
Apachen (1973)
Ulzana (film) a 1974 East German western film shot in Romania and Uzbekistan with Gojko Mitic.

 References 

Lipophilicity
Lipophilicity (from Greek λίπος "fat" and φίλος "friendly") is the ability of a chemical compound to dissolve in fats, oils, lipids, and non-polar solvents such as hexane or toluene. Such compounds are called lipophilic (translated as "fat-loving" or "fat-liking") Such non-polar solvents are themselves lipophilic, and the adage "like dissolves like" generally holds true. Thus lipophilic substances tend to dissolve in other lipophilic substances, whereas hydrophilic ("water-loving") substances tend to dissolve in water and other hydrophilic substances.
Lipophilicity, hydrophobicity, and non-polarity may describe the same tendency towards participation in the London dispersion force, as the terms are often used interchangeably. However, the terms "lipophilic" and "hydrophobic" are not synonymous, as can be seen with silicones and fluorocarbons, which are hydrophobic but not lipophilic.

 Surfactants 
Hydrocarbon-based surfactants are compounds that are amphiphilic (or amphipathic), having a hydrophilic, water interactive "end", referred to as their "head group", and a lipophilic "end", usually a long chain hydrocarbon fragment, referred to as their "tail". They congregate at low energy surfaces, including the air-water interface (lowering surface tension) and the surfaces of the water-immiscible droplets found in oil/water emulsions (lowering interfacial tension). At these surfaces they naturally orient themselves with their head groups in water and their tails either sticking up and largely out of water (as at the air-water interface) or dissolved in the water-immiscible phase that the water is in contact with (e.g. as the emulsified oil droplet). In both these configurations the head groups strongly interact with water while the tails avoid all contact with water. Surfactant molecules also aggregate in water as micelles with their head groups sticking out and their tails bunched together. Micelles draw oily substances into their hydrophobic cores, explaining the basic action of soaps and detergents used for personal cleanliness and for laundering clothes. Micelles are also biologically important for the transport of fatty substances in the small intestine surface in the first step that leads to the absorption of the components of fats (largely fatty acids and 2-monoglycerides).Cell membranes are bilayer structures principally formed from phospholipids, molecules which have a highly water interactive, ionic phosphate head groups attached to two long alkyl tails.By contrast, fluorosurfactants are not amphiphilic or detergents because fluorocarbons are not lipophilic.Oxybenzone, a common cosmetic ingredient often used in sunscreens, is particularly penetrative because it is not very  lipophilic. Anywhere from 0.4% to 8.7% of oxybenzone can be absorbed after one topical sunscreen application, as measured in urine excretions.

 See also 
Ionic partition diagram
ITIES
Lipophilic bacteria
Lipophobicity
Microemulsion

 References 

Daniel Vivas Barandica
Daniel Vivas Barandica (born May 6, 1986) is a Colombian journalist and communicator. He was a journalist for the Colombian newspaper El Tiempo.  In 2013 he interviewed the Colombian criminal of the Medellín Cartel, Jhon Jairo Velásquez Popeye from prison, and the Colombian model and businesswoman Natalia París.

 Career 
He studied social communication at the Universidad Pontificia Universidad Javeriana, Cali. In 2010 he moved to the capital of Colombia, Bogotá. He began journalism within the Colombian newspaper El Tiempo, where he interviewed Colombian composer Jairo Varela in 2012. He later interviewed Colombian criminal of the Medellín Cartel, Jhon Jairo Velásquez (Popeye), from prison, and Colombian model and businesswoman Natalia París.He was part of the magazines Bacánika, Revista El Clavo, Cartel Urbano and the Colombian magazine Shock, where he developed the topic of the Bogotá cycle path. In 2011 he began as a journalist for the newspaper magazines El Tiempo, Bocas and DON JUAN, where he prepared the controversial topics, the affectionates, a community outside the gay stereotype, and the Colombian heirs of Hitler.In 2013 he began working as a social media manager for the Spanish marketing agency, 3lemon, later for the Colombian influencer platform WoMyAds. In 2015 he started an influencer supplier company. In 2016 he participated in a conference at the ICESI University on the development of marketing strategies in digital channels.

 Early life 
Barandica was born in Colombia, Santiago de Cali, on May 6, 1986.

 Controversies 
In 2018, Barandica expressed a controversial message related to the hair of some women, expressing hatred.

 References 

Maneroo
Maneroo was a rural locality in the Longreach Region, Queensland, Australia. It is now part of Longreach.

 History 
In the 2016 census, Maneroo had a population of 37 people.In January 2019, it was decided to reduce the number of localities within Longreach Region by amalgamating the localities to the north and west of the town of Longreach into the locality of Longreach. The localities amalgamated were: Camoola, Chorregon, Ernestina, Maneroo, Morella, Tocal, and Vergemont. As a consequence of this amalgamation, the Longreach Region has only three localities: Longreach, Ilfracombe and Isisford.

 References 

 External links 
Map showing Maneroo before the January 2019 amalgamation (archived on 28 July 2019)

Beyond the Infinite Two Minutes
Beyond the Infinite Two Minutes (Japanese: ドロステのはてで僕ら, romanized: Dorosute no hate de bokura, lit. 'We at the end of the Droste') is a 2020 Japanese science fiction comedy film written by Makoto Ueda and cinematographed and directed by Junta Yamaguchi in his directorial debut.

 Plot 
The film begins when café owner Kato (Kazunari Tosa) discovers his computer's monitor shows what will happen two minutes into the future from the perspective of the television in the café, which displays what happened two minutes into the past. The computer is brought down to face the television, creating a Droste effect, allowing the characters to see several minutes into the future.

 Cast 
Kazunari Tosa
Riko Fujitani
Masashi Suwa
Yoshifumi Sakai
Haruki Nakagawa
Munenori Nagano
Takashi Sumita
Chikara Honda
Aki Asakura

 Production 
The film was shot over the course of seven days in a Kyoto café by members of the Europe Kikaku theater troupe. The film, which is edited to appear as if it was shot in one long shot, is an example of nagamawashi, a microgenre of mostly-low-budget one-shot Japanese films that have gained popularity after the success of One Cut of the Dead in 2017.

 Release and reception 
The film premiered at Tollywood, a small Tokyo cinema, to an audience of twelve. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic severely limiting production and release of mainstream films, the film was selected to be screened by major theater chain Toho Cinemas.
The film was praised for its playful energy and industrious low-budget spirit. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 99% of 69 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 8.3/10. The website's consensus reads: "A time-travel comedy shot through with infectious energy, Beyond the Infinite Two Minutes offers sci-fi fans a low-key -- and highly entertaining -- treat."

 References 

 External links 
Beyond the Infinite Two Minutes at IMDb

Move
Move or The Move may refer to:

 Brands and enterprises 
Move (company), an American online real estate company
Move (electronics store), a defunct Australian electronics retailer
Daihatsu Move, a Japanese car
PlayStation Move, a motion controller for the PlayStation 3

 Government and politics 
Emigration
Immigration
MOVE (Hungary), or Hungarian National Defence Association, a 1919–1945 fascist group
MOVE (Philadelphia organization), an activist organization founded in 1972

 Science and technology 
Motion (physics)
Move (game theory), an element of game strategy
Move α, a linguistics concept developed by Noam Chomsky
move (command), a shell command
Move, a state transition of a finite state machine
mv (Unix) (short for move), a Unix command
Move (language), a resource based programming language based on linear logic.

 Arts and entertainment 

 Film and television 
Move (1970 film), an American comedy film directed by Stuart Rosenberg
Move (2012 film), a German comedy film directed by Dietrich Brüggemann
Move (TV series), a 2020 American docuseries
"The Move" (The Amazing World of Gumball), a 2014 TV episode
The Move, a 2022 episode of Big City Greens

 Music 

 Groups and labels 
Move (also known as MOVE or MOVE BHC), an American hardcore punk band with the 2023 debut album Black Radical Love
Move (Japanese band), a 1997–2013 Japanese group
The Move, a 1960s British rock band
Move Records, an Australian record label

 Albums 
Move (Earl Klugh album) or the title song, 1994
Move (Hiromi album) or the title song, 2012
Move (The  Move album) or the title song (2007 reissue), 1968
Move (The Original Sins album) or the title song, 1992
Move (Taemin album) or the title song (see below), 2017
Move (Third Day album), 2010
Move (EP), by BtoB, 2014
Move, by Freak Kitchen, 1998
Move, by Yoshida Brothers, 2000

 Songs 
"Move" (4L song), 2014
"Move" (CSS song), 2008
"Move" (Little Mix song), 2013
"Move" (Luke Bryan song), 2016
"Move" (The Mamas song), 2020
"Move" (MercyMe song), 2011
"Move" (Moby song), 1993
"Move" (Q-Tip song), 2008
"Move" (Taemin song), 2017
"Move" (Thousand Foot Krutch song), 2005
"Move (If You Wanna)", by Mims, 2008
"Move Bitch", or "Move", by Ludacris, 2002
"Move", by Audio Adrenaline from Sound of the Saints, 2015
"Move", by Baker Boy from Gela, 2021
"Move", by Beyoncé from Renaissance, 2022
"Move", by Dance or Die, 1988
"Move", by Denzil Best
"Move", by DNCE, 2022
"Move", by H-Blockx, 1994
"Move", by Inspiral Carpets from Life, 1990
"Move", by Kris Allen from Letting You In, 2016
"Move", by Lil Tjay from Destined 2 Win, 2021
"Move", by Saint Motel from Saintmotelevision, 2016
"Move", by Santana, 2021
"Move", by X1 from Emergency: Quantum Leap, 2019
"M.O.V.E.", by Keith LeBlanc from Major Malfunction, 1986
"Move (You're Steppin' on My Heart)", by the Dreamettes from the 1981 musical Dreamgirls and the 2006 film adaptation
"The Move", by the Beastie Boys from Hello Nasty, 1998

 Radio 
CFXJ-FM, formerly 93.5 The Move, a radio station in Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Move FM, a radio station in New South Wales, Australia
Move Radio, a brand of adult contemporary radio stations in Canada
The Move (XM), a Sirius XM station

 People 
Daniil Move (born 1985), Russian auto racing driver
Richard Move, American choreographer, dancer, and filmmaker

 Other uses 
The Move (American football), the NFL relocation of the Cleveland Browns to Baltimore
The Move (Sam Fife), a nondenominational Christian group

 See also 

All pages with titles beginning with Move
All pages with titles containing Move
Mauve
Migration (disambiguation)
Moove (disambiguation)
Motion (disambiguation)
Movement (disambiguation)
Mover (disambiguation)
Moves (disambiguation)
Moving (disambiguation)
Prime mover (disambiguation)
Remove (disambiguation)
MUV (disambiguation)

Virna Jandiroba
Virna Carole Andrade Jandiroba (born May 30, 1988) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist (MMA), who currently competes in the strawweight division of the UFC. She is a former Invicta Fighting Championships (Invicta) Strawweight champion. As of January 23, 2024, she is #5 in the UFC women's strawweight rankings.

 Background 
Jandiroba started training kung fu when she was a child. She later turned to Judo and Brazilian jiu-jitsu. She transitioned and competed in mixed martial arts after she earned her Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
Jandiroba started her professional MMA career in 2013 and fought primarily in Brazil. She amassed a record of 11–0 prior to signing for Invicta.

 Invicta Fighting Championships 
Jandiroba made her Invicta debut on December 8, 2017, at Invicta FC 26: Maia vs. Niedwiedz against Amy Montenegro. She won the fight, tapping out Montenegro via first-round armbar.Jandiroba was scheduled to face Janaisa Morandin on March 24, 2018, at  Invicta FC 28: Mizuki vs. Jandiroba for the Invicta strawweight championship. However, Morandin was forced to pulled out due to  a tooth infection and she was replaced by Mizuki Inoue. She won the fight via a split decision with the scoreboard of (49-46, 46-49, 49-46) and crowned Invicta FC Strawweight Champion.On September 1, 2018, Jandiroba made her first title defense at Invicta FC 31: Jandiroba vs. Morandin against Janaisa Morandin.  She submitted Morandin in the second round and retained the Invicta FC Strawweight Championship title.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
In her UFC debut, Jandiroba replaced an injured Lívia Renata Souza against Carla Esparza on April 27, 2019, at UFC Fight Night: Jacaré vs. Hermansson. She lost the fight by unanimous decision.While the Esparza fight did not go Jandiroba's way, Jandiroba believes that fight, her first professional loss, was responsible for the subsequent growth and wins she has notched in the UFC.Jandiroba was expected to face Cortney Casey on December 7, 2019, at UFC on ESPN 7. However, Casey withdrew from the event for an undisclosed reason and she was replaced by Lívia Renata Souza. In turn Souza withdrew from the bout due to a back injury and she was replaced by Mallory Martin Jandiroba won the fight via submission in the second round.Jandiroba faced Felice Herrig on August 15, 2020, at UFC 252. She won the fight via an armbar submission in the first round. This win earned her the Performance of the Night award.Jandiroba faced Mackenzie Dern on December 12, 2020, at UFC 256. She lost the fight by unanimous decision.Jandiroba faced Kanako Murata on June 19, 2021, at UFC on ESPN 25. She won the bout after the doctor stopped the fight after round 2 due to an elbow dislocation caused by armbar applied by Jandiroba.Jandiroba faced Amanda Ribas on October 30, 2021, at UFC 267. She lost the bout via unanimous decision.Jandiroba faced Angela Hill on May 14, 2022, at UFC on ESPN 36. She won the bout via unanimous decision.Jandiroba faced Marina Rodriguez on May 6, 2023, at UFC 288. She won the fight by unanimous decision.Jandiroba was scheduled to face Tatiana Suarez on August 5, 2023, at UFC on ESPN 50. However in June it was announced that Jandiroba had suffered an injury requiring knee surgery, and was replaced by Jéssica Andrade.Jandiroba is scheduled to face Loopy Godinez on March 30, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 241.

 Championships and accomplishments 

 Mixed martial arts 
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time) vs. Felice Herrig.
Invicta Fighting Championships
Invicta Fighting Championships Strawweight Champion
One title defense (vs. Janaisa Morandin)
Performance of the Night (Two times) vs. Amy Montenegro and Janaisa Morandin

 Mixed martial arts record 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of female mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 
Professional MMA record for Virna Jandiroba from Sherdog
Virna Jandiroba at UFC

1919 St Albans by-election
The 1919 St Albans by-election was a parliamentary by-election held in England in December 1919 for the House of Commons constituency of St Albans in Hertfordshire.
It was the first contested parliamentary election in St Albans since before World War I. Since the previous contest, in 1910, boundaries had been changed and the franchise extended.
The Coalition Unionists (i.e. Conservatives) held the seat, but by only a narrow margin over the Labour Party, even though Labour had existed in the area for less than 12 months, and St Albans had previously been a Conservative safe seat.

 Vacancy 
The by-election was held to fill the vacancy caused when the 67-year-old Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) Sir Hildred Carlile  resigned from the House of Commons on 20 November 1919 by the procedural device of accepting appointment as Steward of the Manor of Northstead. Carlile, who had held the seat since the 1906 general election (and was returned unopposed in 1918), cited ill-health as the reason for his departure from politics.

 Electoral history 
The result at the last General Election in 1918 was;

The previous election was contested and produced this result:

 Candidates 
The Conservative Party selected as its candidate 47-year-old Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Fremantle, who had previously been adopted as the party's candidate for the next general election, when Hildred Carlile was expected to retire. Fremantle was an army doctor who had served in the Second Boer War and in World War I, and had been a member of the London County Council since  March 1919. The son of a Dean of Ripon, he had been a medical officer for Hertfordshire for 14 years.Early reports suggested that the Liberal Party candidate would be a Major Conacher from New Barnet, but in the event the Liberals nominated Milner Gray, a company director who had stood unsuccessfully in Wellingborough at the 1918 general election.The Labour Party candidate was John W. Brown, the secretary of the Shipping Clerks' Guild.The Times reported on 28 November that there was "possibility, but not a probability" of a fourth candidate, from the right-wing National Party, but this did not materialise.Nominations closed on 2 December, with polling set for 10 December.

 Electorate 
The old parliamentary borough of St Albans, which returned two MPs, had been disenfranchised in 1852 after a Royal Commission had found proof of extensive bribery. Deprived of its independent representation, the borough had then been represented as part of the three-seat Hertfordshire a county constituency. When the county constituency was divided in 1885, four new single-member county divisions were created, named after the major town in each area: the St Albans division was one of them, initially including the areas of High Barnet, Borehamwood, Elstree, Welwyn, Wheathampstead, and Harpenden. It had returned Conservative MPs at every opportunity since the 1885 general election, apart from a two-year interlude when the Liberal Party won a by-election in 1904.However, the last contested election in the constituency had been in December 1910, and the electorate had changed significantly in 1918. The Representation of the People Act 1918 had nearly tripled the electorate nationally by expanding the franchise to include all adult males and women over 30 who met certain conditions, while boundary changes in the same Act had seen Radlett, Hemel Hempstead and Harpenden moved out of the constituency, Radlett and Hemel Hemsptead having been seen as Conservative strongholds. The result was an increase from 13,929 electors when the seat was last contested in December 1910 to 23,885 at the by-election: a constituency shorn of some of the support base of the incumbent party, where most of the electors would be voting for the first time.
There was a large agricultural sector in the constituency, and major residential areas in the towns of St Albans and at Barnet. Labour looked for its support to the railway-dominated town of Hatfield and amongst workers in Barnet and St Albans.

 Campaign 
For the Liberals, Gray campaigned for free trade to combat high prices and increase production. He wanted to see an end to government control, and opposed the Anti-Dumping Bill, which he described as a measure to foster higher prices.Fremantle's main theme was "peace at home". He backed the Government of Ireland Bill, and hoped for cross-party backing for it, but noted that since the Coalition Government had left "no organised opposition worth speaking of" in the House of Commons, the government "must receive its criticism from the inside". He pledged an independent attitude.Brown sought the support of manual workers and trade unionists, particularly amongst the employees of the Great Northern Railway and the Midland Railway. However, he also targeted non-manual workers such as teachers, clerks and city employees who had been hard-hit by profiteering during the war.All three candidates were supported by high-profile speakers. The former Home Secretary Herbert Samuel spoke for Gray, while Nancy Astor came to back Fremantle, who also received a letter of support from the Conservative leader Bonar Law. Brown was joined by the dramatist and Fabian George Bernard Shaw, and by the former ministers Sir Leo Chiozza Money and Arthur Henderson.However, The Times noted on 1 December that although all three candidates were extremely active, "it cannot be said that the electorate are showing the amount of interest that might be desired". In the early days of contest, Liberal meetings were disrupted by hecklers, but this died away as the campaign progressed. The Times reported on 5 December that indoor meetings were the most successful; open-air speakers received a tiny audience.

 Result 
After polling on 10 December, the result was not announced until 23 December, when the Unionist Fremantle was declared the winner with 45.8% of the votes, closely followed by Labour's Brown with 42.4%. Gray lost his deposit of £150, because his 11.8% Liberal share of votes fell below the threshold of one-eight of the votes.
In speeches after the count, Fremantle pronounced himself pleased with the result, and said that voters had sent a message of support to the Coalition for carrying on government "in accordance with the great traditions of the British Empire". Brown said that he was delighted with the result, which showed that the professional classes were coming round to supporting Labour; and Gray said that he could take defeat in a sportsmanlike manner.

 Aftermath 
After his by-election victory, Fremantle held the seat at the following General Election in 1922.

He kept it for the next 24 years, until his death in August 1943. He spoke frequently on medical issues in Parliament, and was knighted in 1922. The slim Unionist majority at the by-election was not repeated: a 15.6% margin at the 1922 general election was followed by a 21.2% majority in 1923, and in 1931 Frematle's majority was a massive 56.2%. St Albans remained a safe seat for the Conservatives until it was narrowly won by Labour in 1945.Gray contested Bedford unsuccessfully in 1923, but won the Mid Bedfordshire seat at the 1929 general election. He served briefly as a junior minister in 1931, but lost his seat at the 1931 general election, and never returned to Parliament. He served as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Liberal Party for 6 years, was made a CBE in 1937.

 See also 
List of United Kingdom by-elections
St Albans constituency
1943 St Albans by-election
1904 St Albans by-election

 References 

Be Yourself Tonight
Be Yourself Tonight is the fourth studio album by British pop duo Eurythmics, released on 29 April 1985 by RCA Records.

 Background 
Largely recorded in Paris, with additional recording in Detroit and Los Angeles, this album saw Eurythmics move away from their previous more experimental, synthesizer-based songs, to a more commercial pop/rock sound. Combining elements of Motown and rock music, the album incorporates a more traditional band line-up/instrumentation. Nonetheless, the recordings still possessed an atmospheric and cutting edge sound, winning David A. Stewart awards for his production work on the album. The release of the album coincided with a new look for singer Annie Lennox, who ditched the androgynous look of the previous albums and became, in biographer Lucy O'Brien's words, "a bleach-blonde rock 'n' roller". Be Yourself Tonight includes guest appearances by notable artists such as Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder, and Elvis Costello.

 Chart performance 
Be Yourself Tonight reached the top 3 in the UK and top 10 in the US, as well as spawning several hit singles. The album includes the duo's first (and only) UK number-one "There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)". The first single released was "Would I Lie to You?". It would hit #5 on the Billboard Hot 100, #6 on the Cash Box Top 100 and also hit #1 in Australia. 
No tour followed the album's release, due to Lennox's recuperation from vocal fold nodules (which also caused her to miss 1985's Live Aid concert).
On 14 November 2005, Sony BMG repackaged and released Eurythmics' back catalogue as "2005 Deluxe Edition Reissues". Each of their eight studio albums' original track listings were supplemented with bonus tracks and remixes.

 Track listing 

 Notes 
Track 9 is incorrectly labelled "Better to Have Lost in Love (Then Never to Have Loved at All)" on the 2005 remastered reissue.
Track 13 of the 2005 remastered reissue is listed as the "ET Mix", but it is actually the "Extended Mix" from the "Would I Lie to You?" 12-inch single.

 Personnel 
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Be Yourself Tonight.

 Eurythmics 
Annie Lennox – vocals (all tracks); keyboards (tracks 2–6, 8, 9); keyboard sequencers (track 7)
David A. Stewart – guitars (tracks 1, 3, 4, 6–9); sequencers (tracks 1, 5, 7); keyboards (tracks 2–5, 8, 9); bass sequencer, drum computer program (track 3); electric guitar, slide guitar (track 5); six-stringed octave guitar (track 6)

 Additional musicians 

 Technical 
David A. Stewart – production, mixing
Adam Williams – mixing (tracks 1–3, 5, 7, 9); engineering (tracks 2, 4–9)
Don Smith – special help (track 1); engineering (tracks 2, 4); mixing (tracks 3, 4, 6, 8); additional engineering (track 6)
Jay Willis – engineering assistance (tracks 2–4)
Shelly Yakus – drum recording (track 4)
Stephen Marcussen – mastering

 Artwork 
Laurence Stevens – art, design
Paul Fortune – photography

 Charts 

 Certifications and sales 

 References 

 Bibliography 

 Further reading 
Murphy, Elliot (July 1985). "Eurythmics – Be Yourself Tonight (RCA)". Spin. Vol. 1, no. 3. p. 30. ISSN 0886-3032.

Religion of the Shang dynasty
The religion of the Shang dynasty, practiced in ancient China from c. 1600 BC to c. 1046 BC, involved practitioners communicating with deified beings, including deceased ancestors and supernatural gods. The primary methods of spiritual veneration were divinations, carried out on oracle bones, and sacrifices of living beings. The Shang dynasty also had large-scale constructions of tombs, which reflects their belief in the afterlife, along with sacred places. Numerous Shang vessels, as well as oracle bones, have been excavated in the kingdom's capital Yin. They reveal a large number of honored deities, most of which came from the Shang's extensive observations of the surrounding world. Headed by the god Shangdi, the deities form a diversified pantheon.
The Shang kingdom's religion, accounting for a large portion of court life, played an important role to its adherents. The deities worshipped received various honorary ceremonies. The Shang astronomers created a sophisticated calendar system based on astronomical observations. Complying with the calendar, diviners and sacrificial practitioners conducted large-scale rituals aimed at the gods. Regional practice became existent, as personal estates maintained independent practitioners. Generally, they all worshipped the same deities for common purposes. Mass offerings to gods, formalized over time, were held for divine support and welfare of the state.
The Shang religion originated in the Yellow River valley, heartland of the Huaxia civilization from 1600 to 1046 BC. Although it had been practiced much earlier, the first inscribed oracle bones of this religion only date back to the mid-13th century BC, during the reign of Wu Ding. Throughout over two centuries, the dynasty increased its cultural influence and experienced cultural exchanges by means of war. After 1046 BC, the Zhou dynasty that replaced the Shang gradually assimilated elements of Shangdi into its governing beliefs. Throughout millennia of royal and imperial eras, many elements of this religion were integrated and became parts of Chinese religious beliefs. In the modern period, Shangdi remains a cultural figure, and the dynasty's calendar originally used for religion is now important in traditional events of China and influenced countries.

 Beliefs 

 Shangdi 

The highest of the Shang gods was Shangdi ̣(上帝) or simply Di (帝).  In some oracle bone inscriptions, Di was described as a being who controlled natural forces as if controlling individual spirits in a hierarchy, which made him distinguished from the other worshipped gods. Divinatory texts do not describe the origin and myths attributed to Shangdi, but they do detail implicitly about the god's overwhelming abilities. There are various abilities attributed to the high god Di, mostly described on oracle bones not directly but through pairs of affirmative and negative statements.Di exercised authority over the natural world (lìng 令). The Shang kingdom's economy was based on agriculture, which relied heavily on climatic patterns. The Shang people believed that the weather was controlled under the power of Di, writing a lot on predictions about his decisions. Di also dictated harvests, and sometimes could supply humans with foods if proper "calling out" rituals were conducted. This god could give military supports by many ways, for example by indirectly helping royal forces in conquering hostile states, by protecting the Shang king in royal inspections, or by forecasting divine will to support by sending natural phenomena such as rains.  Furthermore, Di was the power that gave approvals (ruò 若) to humans' everyday decisions and actions, including constructions and army marches; unusual occurrences were perceived as signs of Di's disapproval. The Shang also believed that although Di could aid them in various aspects, he could also harm them by his power. Numerous Shang texts record disastrous events thought to be caused by Di's will, including droughts, defeat by enemies, or even the king's health deterioration. The Shang offered sacrifices and carried out divinations to ensure Di was appeased and to avoid calamities. 

Di's identity has been a subject of interest. This system of structured spirits featured Di as the apex, hence making him corresponding with the "leading" role of Zeus in Ancient Greece and Tian in Zhou dynasty. There are many proposed approaches for this god's identification.
Some scholars link Di with the existence of the High Ancestor Ku, who was mentioned in Sima Qian's Shiji as the Shang dynasty's ancestor. Ku was addressed "High Ancestor" in more than four oracle bone inscriptions. Many prominent scholars support the view that Di and Ku actually represent an identical power. Its implications for the current understanding of the religion's theology are additionally profound. Some historians assert that if the Shang system of gods featured the highest and supreme deity as a primal ancestor of the rulers, then the monarchs themselves would be acceptedly seen as possessing divine powers. In other words, the kings would be perceived as embodying the power of Di (or Ku), being the "thearchs" by birth.There is another explanation, derived from studies of "Di" in linguistic contexts, that the religion did not possess a "High God" in its pantheon and that "Di" was a generic word for the collectivity of all divine powers. This suggestion partly results from debates among scholars on the presence of the word "di" in ancestral titles. Some claim that Di could not be a part of Shang ancestors, no matter how distant. Oracle bones indicate that Di could destroy the Shang capital, which Robert Eno perceived as impossible to be done by royal ancestors, reliant on sacrifices which were mostly conducted in the capital. Eno argued that since "di" was included in some ancestral titles, then if it referred to a High God, the ancestors must have been perceived as rivaling Di in power, which he considered unlikely. He proposed a suggestion to explain this: "Di" was generic, referring to no specific god but to all the spirits including ancestral deities.

 Natural powers 

The Shang people paid particular attention to the winds compared to other natural occurrences. The winds were linguistically associated with the phoenix. The Shang identified four wind gods, corresponding to four types of wind, and assigned each god for a direction (eastern, western, southern, northern). These four winds as well as responsible deities together represent Shangdi's cosmic will. Winds carry Di's authority to affect agriculture, and were regularly prayed to for successful harvests. The Shang also designed various rituals concerning the winds' divine influence, such as ceremonies to appease the wind gods for favorability towards royal hunts, or to determine the message carried by unusual winds; four separated texts indicate that the main subjects for wind-sacrifice were dogs and hounds. Although there were wind gods, the Shang still separated them from "natural winds", winds happening to humans without divine manifestation. Those winds were often thought of as harmful, and were given different rituals that keep them at distance from the Shang.
The Sun was treated as a god and received sacrifices. It was also sometimes interpreted as a "guest", that is, it was sent by Di to the Shang king. Many texts of the Shang mention the importance of the rising / setting Sun. Clouds were believed to be sent by Di and also treated as deities. A religious text records that Que (a practitioner) was called to do a sacrifice to Di's clouds, the sacrifices being two hounds. For rain, dog dismemberment was the main sacrificial method. Prayers aimed at rains, unlike those for winds, specify the place of sacrifice: one ritual was done at Yue Peak, another at the "Altar of the Earth". The Shang also believed in snow powers which were associated closely with rains.Because the country's agriculture was of crucial importance, the Shang people deified and worshipped many deities whose natural manifestations affected productivity. In particular, the "God of Earth" ("She" or "Tu" ) was usually honored. This deity was manifested in the human world by representation of the Shang's tribal neighbor Tufang, with which the Shang maintained agricultural relationships. The Yellow River was another landscape feature that was deified. This exceptionally long river affected the agriculture greatly. Scribal works furthermore describe prayers other natural sceneries.  Importantly, spirits assigned to these locations were able to wield destructive powers, manifested through events like floods.

 Ancestral powers 

 The Shang dynasty established a complex ancestral cult. They identified six foremost ancestral spirits: Shang Jia (上甲), Bao Yi (報乙), Bao Bing (報丙), Bao Ding (報丁), Shi Ren (示壬), Shi Gui (示癸); meanwhile, the royal line with kingly sovereignty started from Shi Gui's child Da Yi (Cheng Tang) and progressed to the last king Di Xin. The nearest previous generation of the monarch had spirits responsible for the monarch's well-being. Kings like Wu Ding were highly religious, believing that their health depended heavily on appeasing ancestral spirits, and often dreaming about them. Their rituals, however, was aimed at Wu Ding's immediate predecessors and conducted for the purpose of solving personal issues. Power of ancestral spirits, accordingly, varied in correlation with their seniority, and thus they were treated to some extent differently. Predynastic Shang leaders had power on state-significant aspects such as agricultural successes; the earlier the time frame of the ancestors, the greater their impact on the state. Shang Jia and his subsequent five predynastic leaders were addressed the "Six Spirits", and were thought to be the beings who dictated harvests.There were several mysterious spirits addressed as ancestors, whose identity has not been fully comprehended. Studies have been concerning spirits like Wang Hai (王亥) and Nao (獶), whose names are pictographic characters. There were also individuals revered along ancestors like Yi Yin and Mo Xi.Ancestresses were also revered along with their male counterparts. Oracle bone inscriptions mention some of the most important female Shang ancestors, who were grand royal consorts of the kings. Inquiries to female deceased individuals illustrate beliefs in their spiritual role. They were perceived as being unfriendly and angry on some occasions, and after such divinations they received offerings. Some females who were mentioned in oracle bone divinations are:
Bi Ji (consort of Zu Yi): "We shall protect the King's eyes against Grandmother Ji."
Bi Geng (consort of Xiao Yi): "The King's son met with disaster on account of Mother Geng."
Bi Bing: "We shall perhaps pray to High Grandmother Bing for a child."
Fu Hao: grand consort of Wu Ding. She received a greater degree of veneration than other females after her death. She was referred to by her posthumous names "Mother Xin" and "Ancestress Xin".

 Cosmology 

The Shang believed in the divinity of an area surrounding the Ecliptic Pole, featuring a squared shape (oracle bone script: 口). Observations of the sky made by astronomers and astrologers focused on a square of over four stars surrounding the pole at the time of the Shang dynasty. Inscriptions contain implicit meanings considering their perception of a divine cosmos. In their view, the Ecliptic Pole and areas adjacent to it were the residence of godly authority. "口" also denoted the modern stem "ding", a notion connected closely to – and mostly identical with – Di. It was used in many collocations with personal titles such as Brother, Ancestor or Father, in addition to being used as models in temple designs.

 Bronze visualization 

The Taotie motif, which featured regularly on historical Chinese cultural artifacts, was present during the Shang dynasty.  While some speculate the Taotie motif to have conveyed no meaning to the Shang rather than serving for decorative purposes, most of the evidences point out that this was indeed a centrally religious aspect. Scholars claimed that since the Taotie appears on Shang ritual vessels and ceremonial axes, it was not carved for decorations. Several interpretation of the specific meaning of Taotie to the Shang have been given. The Shang Taotie motif depicts spirits through representation of animals; the motif itself inherited its characteristics from synthesized earlier cultures' designs like Yangshao and Liangzhu. Based on the similarities of the Shang religion with those cultures, Didier concluded that the Taotie depicts spirits whose assistance was important to the Shang. 
Interpretations of the taotie reveal that this motif might have an implicitly strong connection with the Shang's astronomical perception. Because the Shang's knowledge of celestial patterns relates to Di, there is a possible connection of him with the motif. Didier argued that the highest spiritual authority of Di was composed of taotie faces bearing celestial patterns. He found out that the structure of each Shang taotie bears resemblances to the northern ecliptic pole. Specifically, the Shang version has a vertical nasal ridge which sectioned the sky area containing the stars concerned.

 Cosmic divinity of Di 
The Shang dynasty and its successor Zhou dynasty designed strikingly similar characters for their worshipped high powers, which both have a squared component. Didier argued that this indicates that the Zhou themselves had beliefs in Di. "Di", as a character, carry linguistic values related to the god's power. There are 23 variants of di in Shang inscriptions, but the majority use concentrated on the first two versions. One of these two features the Square at its centre. The god Di having the Celestial Square in his graphic representation indicates the Shang's belief that his divine authority was housed by the sacred northern pole. In several cases, the squared shape is replaced by two horizontal parallel lines, making it match the character 二 (lit. "two"). Han dynasty etymologist Xu Shen identified 二 to have originally meant "on high" in early scripts; this matches the connotation of the Square. Xu speculated that this evaluation suited Di's role as the "leader of Heaven".According to Shang beliefs, indicated by oracle bones, this squared center element of the character di (and the forms that derived from it), which represents his cosmic divinity, was composed of main-lineage royal ancestors and some other ancestors intimately related to them. Because this square also composes various Shang ancestral names, Di was implicitly related to the ancestors. The square as the collective Shang ancestral spirits would then represent Di's will to act favorably towards the Shang.  Contrastingly, adopted deities would compose divine actions which were harmful (Xiadi).

 Practices 

 Divination 

Divination was one of the most important aspects of the Shang religion. Oracle bones, which consist of ox scapulae, tortoise plastrons and carapaces, were the main materials for divinatory documents. At Yinxu, approximately 150,000 pieces of bone have been unearthed, most of which contain divinations with the Shang deities. The king and his court inquired about various topics, including warfare, agricultural successes, personal well-being, and weather. Because Shang gods exercised power over human actions, numerous divination rituals were held by the king (and his court scribes (多卜)) to acquire godly assistance. Writers inscribed inquiries on the bones, then heated the bones and interpreted bone cracks. Inquiries (or "charges") contain particles implying desired preferences. In many oracle bones, the king and his scribes prognosticated upcoming days that were thought to be "unanimous". The Shang dynasty's developed calendrical system was used for denoting and arranging days on oracle bones.The Shang dynasty conducted many divinations on warfare. It was characterized by numerous military expeditions to all directions, especially to Guifang. Regional governors, who had their local commoners serving as military conscripts, were required to prepare to assist the royal army in combat. Divination was made to determine the regional chief suitable for countering enemies. Numbers mattered significantly: the Shang inquired about the sufficient number of soldiers to gain advantages, and the number of war captives they could obtain. Military officers' responsibilities were determined by oracle bone consultation.  Response to the questions were used as orders for the officials' mobilization of the army. Aside from these, prognostications about enemy offenses also featured themselves on bones. In a particular case, a prediction claimed that "disasters" would be brought upon the state; five days later, the Tufang destroyed two walled cities and the Shang inscribed the local lord's report on the issue.
Additionally, divinations were carried out to determine suitable days for construction of regional city walls, which was important to defend the area's urban centers from foreign invasions. Conscripts from personal fiefs were recruited to carry out such buildings. Court civil officers, tasked with agriculture, received orders decided by divination to monitor agrarian activities. Some texts include divinatory responses which required the responsible officials (sometimes the kings) to  make farmers plant grains or to supervise cultivation of crops in newly opened lands. The kings had divined occasionally about issuing orders to supervisors of craftsmen.
The king was not the sole person with authority to conduct divination. The aristocracy could also have their specified groups of diviners. Wu Ding's son or nephew,
whose residence lay in modern-day Huayuanzhuang East, made divinations on affairs happening in his estate. One of the prince's inscribed divinations inquires about construction of an ancestral temple tended to store tapestries for Fu Hao's upcoming visit. Another oracle bone inscription describes the supervision of completing his land's guesthouse.

 Sacrifices 
The Shang religion is a typical example of a sacrificial system. Sacrifices were offered mainly to seek divine support or for the gods' appeasement. The Shang paid particular attention to the number of beings sacrificed.
The sacrifices that were not living beings were mainly bones, jade, and bronzeware items. Some of the bone products were shaped into hairpins or arrowheads. The tomb of Fu Hao contains over 560 such bone products. Jade was acquired through contact with other cultures in China proper, such as Longshan and Liangzhu. The material was treated as precious, and sometimes the jade sacrifices were buried with their initial royal owners. Bronze came in plenty; the number increased during the Wu Ding period, which saw a major advancement in bronzemaking technologies.The offering ceremonies involved bronze vessels with short inscribed characters. If the sacrifices were intended to be accompanying the dead in their tombs, bronze weapons (like arrows and spears) together with decorative products could be added. At the last Shang capital Yin, thousands of bronze items have been unearthed, revealing the importance of this metal in Shang's procedure of honoring. There were also other minor materials that came in much smaller amounts. In particular, stones, ivory and even cowry shells were sacrificed.Some species of animal, after being hunted, served as offerings (犧牲), both to the ancestral and supernatural sections of the religion's pantheon. There are four types of animal sacrifices, regarding position and completeness. Usually, canine species were killed to be consumed by the deified natural features. Body dismemberment was the main method to consider when sacrificing dogs, while hounds were often simply killed. The way  animals were offered did not affect the expected actions of the supernatural deities: dogs were offered similarly in order to both maintain and end rains. Shang royal ancestors' sacrificed faunas also consisted of several other species from husbandry. Sheep were intended for a wide range of individuals, spanning through generations (e.g. Shang Jia and Pan Geng were both recipients of sheep). Occasionally, domesticated goats and ox would be slaughtered and sacrificed on certain typical rituals. Elephants did not appear in daily sacrificial ceremonies, but instead are found in royal tombs(from those elephants, the Shang also obtained ivory). These sacrifices became increasingly institutionalized among social classes.

The Shang dynasty also practiced human sacrifice. Guo Moruo asserted that people  were sacrificed on a large scale. However, the source of humans served for this purpose was not the state's citizens. Instead, the court used the neighboring polities' people who had been previously captured in battles. The Shang usually obtained a large number of captives. A small percentage of these were spared to be slaves (most of them were expected to produce bronze artifacts). The rest, including women, were killed and their remains sacrificed to Shang ancestors. A single sacrifice alone could require hundreds of individuals killed, some numbered up to thousands. Regarding subjects for offering, the Shang did not distinguish the opponent's common people from their leaders, the latter were often reserved for high-honored ancestors. Human sacrifices to supernatural deities (except Shangdi) were subject to rules of offering. The people sacrificed had to be buried when the recipient was the earth deity, drowned when offered to water spirits, and dismembered when offered to wind spirits.

 Sacrificial terminology 
Examples in various oracle bones show different names designated for specific types of sacrificial materials. Overall, animals offered would be called "xisheng" (犧牲), and humans called "rensheng" (人牲). There are plenty of Shang terms used specifically for female human sacrifices. Such women were designated "nǚ" (女, "females"), while the more specific "qi" was used to denote "dependent women". Meanwhile, "fu" refers to all captives of war, such as people from Qiang Fang. The Shang scribes added prefixes to those indicatives, often to differentiate their origins. Names of the tribes from which humans were caught would be used for this purpose. There are numerous other particular terms that Shang used to designate types of humans offered to spirits.
Some oracle characters denote terms for general sacrificial methods. For example, the Shang word for "dou" (豆) refers to methods of killing sacrificial humans in bronze vessels, while "shan" (刪) was used to mention a single human slaughtered. The Shang wrote "shi" (氏) for ritualized offering at temples.

 Schedules of sacrifice 
In every day of a Shang week, a deceased ancestor would be chosen to be the recipient of specific sacrifices. On the gui day, the weekend, the reigning king and his assistants specialized in rituals would make a typical inscription that announced the sacrifices for the next day. A year was sectioned into three periods, the first of which usually lasted 13 xun. The first third was to perform ji, zai and xie sacrifices, the second for yong sacrifice, and the last for yi sacrifice. At the beginning of each third, a common ceremony honoring all the targeted recipients (gong dian) was held. Some argue that ji was the opening ritual.In his 2010 work, Adam Smith tabled the sacrificial schedule of the late Shang practitioners, inscribed on a group of oracle bones by Huang, a scribe living during the reign of the last three kings. During this period, the Shang's planned sacrifices aligned with a full year of 36 weeks. Five "opening" weeks were intended to announce upcoming rituals. Each sacrifice commenced the week right after the announcing one. The thirty-sixth week was left blank as to prepare for a new offering cycle.Using recording texts of Chu and Huang (living at different periods), A. Smith also found out about the rules of arranging days for sacrifices. The Shang specified every royal ancestors to the certain days, and many other rules were made to fairly distribute the offerings between the days. The basic principle is that one's stem name would dictate his or her chosen day of sacrifice. Other rules structured the schedule in an orderly way.

 Shamanism 

Inscriptions on Shang oracle bones suggest a complicated religious system which communicated with the spiritual world via ritual performance (bin 賓) and the utilization of "numinous" media like bones and bronze. This type of communication, as some scholars point out, can be interpreted as communication "without direct encounter". Other interpreters of Shang ritual bronzes, such as K.C. Chang, assert that this perception is not satisfactory, and that the Shang dynasty's religion must have borne considerable shamanic elements.Studies of oracle bone script yielded a character that corresponds with the later term "wu" (巫, commonly translated as "shaman"). The same terminology could be found in the state of Chu's religion. Additionally, the Shang written records mention several people whose names bore the character. Nevertheless, it is uncertain whether "wu" actually referred to shamans or to another kind of religious practitioners who used other types of practices to communicate with the spirits (Shamans achieve this goal by getting into altered states of consciousness). Victor Mair supported the view that the "shamanic" practices of the Shang dynasty resulted from earlier connections with other ethnicities. He examined archaeological and linguistic evidences, and concluded that the word "wu" was etymologically and culturally related to the term "maguš" (plural form "magi"),  a term used for priests in the Persian Zoroastrian religion. The term "magi" does not denote shamans; instead, it refers to priests that communicated with the spirits through the media of ritual and manipulative arts rather than trance and mediation. D. Keightley also disagreed with the interpretation of "wu" as "shaman".

 Burial practices 
The largest place for the afterlife lay in the Royal Cemetery, located in what is now Xibeigang (西北岡), Anyang. The site, located in Yin, served as the resting place for almost all royal family members. Lay within the cemetery are many tombs, each of which contains numerous Shang artifacts. The burial objects along with sacrificial animals were interred in designated positions relative to the deceased's coffin, with each position bearing a specific meaning. Several tombs also served for the purpose of rites, mostly as honorary temples where scheduled offerings were conducted. Wu Ding's reign in the 13th century BC saw the cemetery's partition into the East and West zones, as a result of polishing Wu's image as a distinguished Shang king.Using radiocarbon dating and other techniques, researchers have constructed a list of genealogy of the individuals buried. The study reports of Koji Mizoguchi and Junko Uchida, published in 2018, reveal that the Royal Cemetery's tombs were intended to built in a complex manner that indicates the buried individuals' relationships to each other. Some tombs bear striking resemblances, which the authors interpreted as attempts to imitate virtuous royal ancestors by the kings. Studying the cemetery's overall structure, scholars also pointed out that tombs' positions harmoniously aligned with the northern celestial pole, which housed the power of the ancestors in the form of a collective Shangdi.On 20 January 1046 BCE, the last Shang king Di Xin lost the decisive Battle of Muye in which his forces was crushed by the Overlord of the West, Ji Fa. Di Xin set fire to his palace and committed suicide. The fact that he was not buried in accordance with Shang's tradition was due to his immoral and impious images made up by the Zhou dynasty.

 Posthumous naming 

Aside from the supernatural beings, the ancestors of the Shang kings were also revered. The recipients of honors included both dynastic and pre-dynastic ancestral individuals. The Shang kings were given posthumous names. The religion used a structured system of naming kings, which uses calendrical names for days. There were 10 weekdays whose names were used for ancestors: jia (甲), yi (乙), bing (丙), ding (丁), wu (戊), ji (己), geng (庚), xin (辛), ren (壬), and gui (癸).
There were several religious rules that dictate the naming decision. The Heavenly Stem used as one's title had to be the first day of his reign (in the Shang calendar). Besides, the king restrained from having gui as his posthumous name. If the first year of reign began with gui, the next day jia was used as an alternative. For distinguishing different kings with the same stem name, a set of prefixes was used, each of the prefix carried a specific meaning. Royal consorts of the Shang kings were given stem names not compliant with limitations as for the kings.Posthumous names have strong connections with the ancestors' attributed powers. The majority of Shang ancestors possess names with the stems jia, ding and yi, which represent celestial divinity. By being referred to by such stems, the spirits became perceived as powerful gods whose will significantly affected the living realm. 
Some prefix indicates the addressed subject's familial relationship with the reigning ruler, and often with a much broader sense than their modern meanings:
Relatives who were two or more generations before the incumbent ruler would be referred to as zu (祖) (for males) and bi (妣) (for females. In this context, zu means (great) grandfather, patrilineal great uncle; bi means grandmother and other consorts of zu. Sometimes, "zu" could be used officially as the posthumous name's first component.
The previous generation: fu (父) was used for males and mu (母) for females. The masculine indicative means the father or paternal uncles, and the other denotes the mother or the father's other wives.
The same generation: only the character for males has been found, which is xiong (兄, "older brother"). This word could also be applied to paternal cousins.
The next generation: the king's sons and nephews were referred to as zi (子). The word is sometimes understood as the surname of the rulers, while some understand it as "Prince".

 Practitioners 

The Shang king was seen as the religious apex. Because the beliefs of the religion stated that the king's health and quality of life relied on the spirit world as well as the welfare of his kingdom, he involved himself in communication with the pantheon's gods. The king would try to assure that the spirits would give him guidance. The Shang king acted like a chief priest, connecting the human and deified realms. The Shang court had a developed bureau for assisting the ruler. The group consisted of several positions, each was specialized in a religious aspect. The officials include:
Diviners (duobu 多卜). They assisted the king in divination procedures. Each group was headed and supervised by a chief diviner (guanzhan 官占). They worked with the scribes (zuoce 作冊) and shamans (wu 巫)
Record keepers (taishi ling 太史令): tasked with documenting the rituals.
Astronomers (xi 羲, he 和) and astrologers (shi 史), tasked with determining days and months, both necessary for rituals.
Shamans (wu 巫), whose work could vary. An example is Wuxian, a shaman under king Tai Wu in the 15th century BC.
Dancers (wu 舞), and music directors (gu 瞽). Music was an important part of the offering process.It is agreed that scribal literacy of the Shang had to be acquired through forms of schooling. Texts written by Wu Ding's scribal officials contain the word 學 ("to learn") that could act both as a verb and a noun; in some cases it acts as a verb and comes with the musical ritual "shang". The two characters' combination implies that the subjects were being trained for musical roles. In terms of religious literacy training, there are inscriptions described by Guo Moruo as " finely written and orderly, as though engraved by a teacher (xiānshēng 先生) to serve as a model (fànbĕn 範本)". There is another interpretation: the learners must have already known the characters and practiced writing them just for learning engraving techniques; however, some scholars argue for its impossibility. There are also other suggestions. It is also generally believed that the Shang might have had some kinds of institutionalized training locations for religious teaching.

 Religious sanctuary 
The court employed officials to plan and carry out constructions of sacred places. The general design of temple compounds (zong 宗) consisted of an elevated hall (tang 堂), a courtyard (ting 庭), a gate (門), and sacrificial pits (modern term keng 坑). There were possible connections between the shapes of Shang sanctuary, whose layout was squared, to its beliefs. Chen Mengjia saw the word "口" as a notation for an altar; others also see it as a kind of temple ritual. Wang Guowei offered that 口 resembled an ancestral tablet (dan 匰) and an altar or shrine to an ancestor (shi 祏). The squared form features twice in the Shang character for "temple" (宮).
The king and his priests were responsible for hosting temple rituals, sometimes using foreign labors for preparation processes. It was a prerogative of the Shang king, as the chief priest, perform special rituals aimed at invoking spirits: in fact, the rituals' common name portrays the king kneeling in a sanctuary holding ritual objects. Additionally, rituals involved participation of many dancers, mediators and scribes, who were granted exclusive access to the sanctuaries. Different temples were intended for hosting deities; for example, the Great Altar (大示) hosted Shang royal members of the main lineage. There were also separate temples, each reserved for a single spirit. Rituals were dedicated to the gods on a regular basis.

 Regional practices 
Religious activities during the Shang dynasty was not restricted to the urban area of Yinxu. There are instances of regional practice, although they are vague and much less known than the largest cult center at the capital city. Divinatory practices were present at the pre-Yinxu city in present-day Zhengzhou, where four separated oracle bones inscribed with characters have been excavated. These inscriptions are relatively short and have a similar style to Yinxu writings. Other from Zhengzhou, oracle bones have also been unearthed in Jinan and Shaanxi, the original homeland of the Zhou dynasty, and believed to be from the last decades of the Shang's existence. Additionally, many oracle bones have been found in river management constructions.
It is believed that common people during this period played a role in religious activities. There are possibilities that the populace might have participated in seasonal festivals and sacrificial offerings. Commoners might as well have been involved in religious activities carried out by regional lords.

 Effect on royalty 

 Kingship and sovereignty 
The Shang king entrusted lords to govern Shang provincial regions; they were ordered to assist him in important affairs. Many of the lords were initially chiefs whose lands had been conquered and merged into Shang's territorial extent. The royal house nominally possessed the lords' lands – in fact, the kings always referred to all the regions as "our lands" –  but he largely depended on the lords' loyalty. Kingly sovereignty over the lords is argued to have resulted from the spirits whom the king worshipped. 
Scholars have studied Kui, a mysterious deity, and presented a theory suggesting that Kui's cult was the result of incorporating other beliefs. As Shang's neighboring polities themselves gradually submitted, their deities became assimilated into Shang culture. Some tribal ancestors and deities were "adopted" by Shang religion and treated equally with the dynasty's original spirits. The king's role helped him keep the regional chiefs' loyalty by mediating among the spirits of both their gods and his own.
The nature of kingship was also derived from the deified beings. Ancestors such as Shang Jia (and generally the Six Spirits) had great influences over important national affairs, like other non-ancestral deities. In other words, they were universal deities. The Shang kings could be considered (and claimed to be) "living deities on earth".

 Favor of masculinity 
The system furthermore affected the continuation of kingship. The Shang tradition allowed female individuals to participate in government; however, it was overall a patriarchal society. Influences of male ancestors overwhelmed that of their feminine counterparts in scale. The person responsible for functioning as head of the clan and head of religious practice had to be a male. Males would carry the ancestral surname "Zi" and pass it to subsequent generations.
Conception of male children was considered a serious matter by the Shang dynasty, which expensed a considerable of divinations on this aspect. Ancestral intervention played a role in deciding the children's gender. Oracle bones show that the Shang considered another factor, the birthday, to be related to gender formation. In particular, the conception of Fu Hao, Wu Ding's second primary consort, was of interest to his court. Diviners carried out numerous divinations all predicting the baby's birthday. The results gave out days of misfortune and fortune. Wu Ding divined that if his wife gave birth on the days with the stem jia the child would be a girl. On the ding day, the gender would be the opposite.

 History 

 Precursors 

Before the dawn of organized states in China, the area was inhabited by various tribal confederations. Each of the tribes practiced its own system of beliefs. The religious beliefs in prehistoric China were based on ideas of animism, totemism and shamanism. Many ancient tribes in pre-dynastic China shared a common belief in the spiritual world. The spirits were thought to possess divine powers. As such, they were able to intervene in and dictate the lives of the living realm's beings. That led to the necessity of direct communication with the spirits, through means of mystics. A group of specified individuals, known as shamans, arose and took responsibility for conducting their respective tribe's religious rituals. The cultures in the future heartland of the Shang dynasty had practiced sacrifices and funerals. In many regions of China, Neolithic cultures had utilized bony materials from cattles for divination.In the Zhou dynasty's historical narrative, the tradition of honoring and venerating deities had already been existent during the Shang's predecessor Xia dynasty (c. 2070 – 1600 BCE). The Book of Documents also mentions the Shang high god Shangdi receiving annual sacrifices by Emperor Shun, even before the Xia dynasty. Although these periods are often considered mythical, their corresponding site of Erlitou (c. 2100 – 1500 BCE) has evidence of bronze-using religious activities that were later adopted and developed by the Shang dynasty.

 Shang dynasty 

The Shang dynasty's religion inherited the characteristics of its predecessors. Its beliefs, rituals of sacrifices and funerals bore resemblances with those of prehistoric beliefs. Early Shang kings created bureaucratic positions for religious practice, which were later diversified and further specialized. The religion was widespread, influencing other major Shang cities aside from Yinxu.During the late Shang period (1300 - 1046 BCE), the religion achieved its mature status. Many kings of the late Shang were deeply religious and actively involved themselves in those matters. Some monarchs made alterations to the tradition. The first notable change took place during Wu Ding's regnal era. This change was documented by the Book of Documents, compiled centuries after its supposed time. Oracle bone script from the mid-12th century BC indicate that Wu Ding's youngest son Zu Jia also altered sacrifices. Changes also occurred in practitioners. Gradually, diviners of the Late Shang period were divided into schools, each of which were employed by several late Shang kings. Modern scholars classify Shang diviners by two methods based on periodization and employment. Both ways group diviners into two main schools.
The Shang kingdom showed religious interactions with other cultures in China proper. In most cases, the religious influences of the Shang dynasty left an impact on its vassal states. For example, the vassal Dapeng also practiced human sacrifice and also included Sheji ("God of Earth") in the Shang pantheon into their list of worshipped deities. From the 1200s BCE onward, religious influence of the Shang reached its largest vassal state Zhou. The polity embraced Shang theology into its beliefs.

 Evolution under the Zhou 

In 1046 BCE, the Shang dynasty under the regime of Di Xin collapsed and was replaced by the victorious Zhou dynasty. This succeeding dynastic family used the practices of Shang religion to explain Di Xin's fall. The Book of Documents contains a chapter claiming that Di Xin discarded all the sacrificial traditions and therefore lost the blessings of his royal ancestors as well as of the Zhou supreme god.

 Calendar 

The Shang calendar was adopted by the Zhou, although it is uncertain whether the Zhou court reset the day counting after the dynasty's establishment. It was greatly revised and altered through the regime's eight centuries of existence. The diversification of its use took place during the Warring States period when cultural distinctions became more apparent. The Shang name for the count of years, si (祀), was replaced by the Zhou term nian (年) which originally meant "harvest" but the meaning was altered by Zhou. Uses of calendrical means by the new regime's kings was more complex than their predecessors Shang in that astronomical observations became integrated extensively to calculate and predict important forthcoming events. The Zhou monarchs invented a different terminology and separated methods for their own ancestors' veneration. A new system for posthumous naming dead relatives was devised, based on the virtues and moral characteristics of the rulers (which can be seen obviously among the first Zhou kings).

 Worshipped deities 

The head of the Shang pantheon, Di, became assimilated and identified with Heaven (Tian) of the Zhou dynasty, while still keeping its original meaning in early Zhou times. Through time, the original figure and the Shang-attributed powers of Di was forgotten, since Heaven was more philosophically complicated and was associated with more terminology as well as legendary tales. But overall, Tian still recalled Di's meaning as a driving force of the kings' reigns: the Mandate of Heaven, invented by the Zhou dynasty, was the key concept of a monarch's right to rule over the country up until the end of monarchy in China in 1912 CE. Di was alternatively called Shangdi and identified with the Jade Emperor by practitioners of Taoism; the deity's subordinate gods became heavenly powers controlling natural phenomena. During imperial Chinese dynasties, the tradition of "Sacrifice to Heaven" became popular, and Shangdi was made the main recipient of the event's sacrifices.  Later, when Qin Shi Huang created the title "Emperor" for himself, he combined Di with the character Huang (皇, "august") to obtain the term.

 Other practices 

There is evidence that religious activities of the state of Chu during the Eastern Zhou were related to the Shang religion, due to similarities between their artistic motifs. Other common religious practices such as oracle bone divination, funeral and burial rituals were generally neglected. Oracle bones gradually ceased to be inscribed once the Zhou dynasty began, and the regime compiled a new way of divination and prediction, the I Ching (written between the 10th and 9th century BC). The populace in later dynasties practiced different funeral and sacrificial traditions, mainly due to the influence of Confucianism, Taoism, and other currents; however, there were still some parallels between the two dynasties regarding sacrifices. The role of women in religion notably changed after Shang.

 Modern influence 
The Shang high god Di remained to the present day through his identified figure Shangdi, who is still worshipped in countries of the Sinosphere. The word "Shangdi" is sometimes used to denote the Christian God, and the Jade Emperor.Traditional festivals in China, Vietnam and other influenced countries make use of the sexagenary cycle. The lunar calendar's organization of days names the years, months, days and even hours after the 10 Heavenly Stems and 12 Earthly Branches. Various folk tales have been attributed to this calendrical system.

 Assessments by Chinese dynasties 
After the end of the Shang, various Chinese dynasties have presented their perceptions about the religion. While there are praises, especially by those who held favorable views on traditional values of the past, there are also thorough assessments and even different interpretations of Shang religious activities.

 Zhou dynasty 
During the Western Zhou period, the perception of Di, as presented, was mixed with that of Tian. Di's divinity was praised by the early Zhou kings, and the two words were even used interchangeably in the same inscriptional contexts. For example, King Li of Zhou (reigned 857 – 842 BCE), commented on the power of Shangdi:

The king said: I am but a small child, yet unstintingly day and night, I act in harmony with the former kings to be worthy of august Tian .... [I] make this sacrificial food vessel, this precious kuei-vessel, to succor those august paradigms, my brilliant ancestors. May it draw down the spirits of those exemplary men of old, who now render service at the court of Di and carry forth the magnificent mandate of august Di... 
The Discourses of the States, published during the Warring States period, contains a comment about Shang religious activities as well as that of preceding periods. It presents the later Zhou people's perception of the connection between the human realm and the spiritual world, on the positive effect of performing sacrificial rituals:

Anciently, men and spirits did not intermingle. At that time there were certain persons who were so perspicacious, single-minded, and reverential that their understanding enabled them to make meaningful collation of what lies above and below, and their insight to illumine what is distant and profound. Therefore the spirits would descend into them. The possessors of such powers were, if men, called "xi" (shamans), and if, women, "wu"  (shamanesses). It is they who supervised the positions of the spirits at the ceremonies, sacrificed to them, and otherwise handled religious matters. As a consequence, the spheres of the divine and the profane were kept distinct. The spirits sent down blessings on the people, and accepted from them their offerings. There were no natural calamities. 
Many texts also evaluate Shang sacrificial traditions' alleged negative sides. The Shujing quotes: "Dignities should not be conferred on men of evil practices. (If they be), how can the people set themselves to correct their ways? If this be sought merely by sacrifices, it will be disrespectful (to the spirits). When affairs come to be troublesome, there ensues disorder; when the spirits are served so, difficulties ensue." That is, sacrificial rituals were sometimes conducted on unsuitable occasions, when they were counterproductive. The Liji also contains a similar passage, which asserts that Shang sacrifices should have been made in the right times. 
Some Zhou people also mentioned the lack of available Shang religious texts, which caused inadequate understanding of their rituals. Confucius, in particular, asserted that the documents preserved by the Shang dynasty's royal members in Song were not enough for him for an extensive comprehension of the ancient ceremonial codes.

 Han dynasty 
Han dynasty historian Sima Qian, writing 1,000 years after the Shang dynasty's collapse, commented about its religiosity. He wrote that the Shang had practiced different traditions from the Zhou, and had been, on the extreme level, superstitious. He also noted about various Shang kings who received spiritual advice from their ministers, such as the case of Wu Ding (with his minister Fu Yue) and Tai Wu (with his minister Yi Zhi). They were possibly men with shamanic capabilities. Sima Qian went on to describe the sacrificial rituals of the Shang dynasty, commenting on virtuous kings who emphasized on worshipping high ancestors, and detailing the negative impacts of ignoring the gods (Wu Yi, Di Xin).
By the time of the Han dynasty, the perception of the god Di had been significantly altered. While the character retained its meaning as "High Deity", it was used mainly as a prefix or suffix to add to another word for deifying its meaning. Some examples from Han dynasty texts containing such combinations are Huangdi and Yandi. Nevertheless, the Han dynasty also worshipped a cosmologically associated god titled "Di", whose divinity was similar to that believed by the Shang dynasty. In particular, the Han-era Huainanzi, a compilation of debates led by imperial prince Liu An, presents an interpretation of Di: "The Celestial Thearch (Di) stretches out over the four weft-cords of Heaven...". "Di" also lay on a polar referential star like in Shang dynasty, the star Kochab (Beta Ursa Minoris). Han texts identify Di with Taiyi (太一), the "Great One". Believed by the Han people as having been worshipped by the early Zhou kings, Di (or Taiyi) was highly revered.
Sima Qian, in chapter 27 of his work, stated that his attempts to identify the celestial power of Di used references from Wuxian, the early Shang mediator. Wuxian was believed to be one of the most notable Shang religious figure, and a revered astrologer. He was positively viewed in other Han and post-Han texts, and his attributed star maps were often used in Chinese astronomy.

 Notes 

 References 

 Citations 

 Bibliography 

 Further reading 
Allan, Sarah (1991), The Shape of the Turtle: Myth, Art, and Cosmos in Early China, State University of New York Press, ISBN 978-0-7914-0459-1.
Chen, Mengjia (1936). Guwenzi zhong zhi Shang Zhou jisi..
Shelach, Gideon (1996). "The Qiang and the Question of Human Sacrifice in the Late Shang Period". Asian Perspectives (1).
Huang, Zhanyue (1990). Zhongguo gudai de rensheng renxun. Beijing: Wenwu chubanshe.
Keightley, David N. (1978). "The religious commitment: Shang theology and the genesis of Chinese political culture". History of Religion. 17 (3–4)..
Ken-ichi, Takashima (1980). "The early archaic chinese word "yu" in the Shang oracle-bone inscriptions : word-family, etymology, grammar, semantics and sacrifice". Cahiers de linguistique-Asie orientale (1)..
Michael, Thomas (2015). "Shamanism Theory and the Early Chinese "Wu"". Journal of the American Academy of Religion. 83 (3)..
Wang, Tao (2007). "Shang ritual animals: Colour and Meaning". Bulletin of SOAS. 70 (2)..

Rui Vitória
Rui Carlos Pinho da Vitória (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʁuj viˈtɔɾjɐ]; born 16 April 1970) is a Portuguese football manager and a former player who played as a midfielder.
As a manager, he most notably spent three and a half years with Benfica in Portugal, winning seven major trophies, which included two consecutive Primeira Liga titles, before subsequently having periods in charge at Al Nassr, Spartak Moscow and the Egyptian national team.

 Playing career 
Vitória was born in Alverca do Ribatejo, Vila Franca de Xira. During his career, in which he played for five clubs, he never competed in higher than the third division (four seasons), also spending eleven years in the fourth. He mainly represented U.D. Vilafranquense, in the Lisbon area.A midfielder, Vitória retired as a player in 2003, aged 32.

 Managerial career 

 Early years and Fátima 
After starting as a manager with his main team Vilafranquense, Vitória moved in 2004 to Benfica, spending two seasons with its junior side.In 2006, Vitória signed for Fátima, helping the club promote to the second level in his first season, followed by immediate relegation back. In 2008–09, again as champion, he again led the side to division two.

 Paços de Ferreira 
On 2 June 2010, Vitória replaced Ulisses Morais at the helm of Paços de Ferreira. In his first season in the top division, he guided the team to the seventh position in the league, also achieving runner-up honours in the domestic League Cup, which was won by Benfica (2–1).

 Vitória de Guimarães 
In late August 2011, Vitória replaced fired Manuel Machado as the manager of Vitória de Guimarães. In his second year, he led the club to the conquest of the Portuguese Cup against Benfica (2–1), in a first-ever for the Minho Province side. Later, on 10 August 2013, he was runner-up in the Supertaça, losing 3–0 to Porto.

 Benfica 
On 15 June 2015, Portuguese champions Benfica announced that Vitória had signed a three-year contract with the club. He started the season by losing the Supertaça 1–0 to Lisbon rivals Sporting. Despite a troubled start, Benfica secured a third Primeira Liga title in a row and 35th overall with a 4–1 win over Nacional at the Estádio da Luz on the final matchday, establishing a Portuguese league record of 88 points in 34 matches. Also, with a 1–0 league win at Boavista, Vitória set a Benfica record of 11 consecutive away triumphs in all competitions. Moreover, he also managed the team to the quarter-finals of the UEFA Champions League and to their seventh Taça da Liga trophy, beating Marítimo 6–2. Later that season, he received Primeira Liga's award for Best Coach.Vitória started the 2016–17 season by winning his first Portuguese Super Cup on his third attempt, with a 3–0 win over Braga; therefore, he succeeded in winning all four major trophies in Portugal. On 23 October 2016, he surpassed Jimmy Hagan's 43-year-old record of 15 consecutive away wins in the league, achieving the 16th as Benfica defeated Belenenses 2–0 away. Later, on 7 April 2017, he renewed his contract for a further two seasons before ending the season with victories in Primeira Liga, Taça de Portugal and Supertaça, therefore, clinching Benfica's second treble in history after Lajos Baróti's in 1980–81. In addition to that, by winning two of four league titles in a row, Vitória became the first Benfica manager to reach the tetra.
The next season, Vitória won the domestic Super Cup and guided Benfica to a second place in Primeira Liga and to the worst Portuguese campaign in the Champions League, which included the club's record loss in the competition, 5–0 to Basel.On 4 January 2019, following a string of bad results during the 2018–19 season, resulting in Benfica's first-ever loss to Portimonense, Vitória's contract was terminated by the club.

 Al-Nassr 
Within a week of his departure from Benfica, Vitória was hired on an 18-month contract at Saudi Arabian club Al Nassr FC, ranked second in the Saudi Professional League. His first match was a 5–0 win over second-tier Al-Ansar F.C. in the last 32 of the King Cup on 14 January 2019. The club from Riyadh finished the season as champions. He later led Al-Nassr to reach the 2020 AFC Champions League semi-finals, where they only lost to Persepolis on penalties.On 27 December 2020, Vitória left the club by mutual consent. At the time of his departure, Al-Nassr were 15th in the table with 8 points from 10 matches.

 Spartak Moscow 
On 24 May 2021, Vitória joined Russian Premier League club FC Spartak Moscow on a two-year contract. Zarema Salikhova, wife of then-co-owner Leonid Fedun, resigned from the board due to her disagreement with the decision.Vitória's record at the club was mixed. He had won their Europa League group ahead of Leiceister City and Napoli, for which he gained popularity amongst the fans. In fact, Spartak beat Napoli both home and away around time when Napoli was first in Serie A. However, the Russian giants were 9th in the league, with a low note being a 7–1 loss to FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. Vitória's contract with Spartak was terminated by mutual agreement on 15 December 2021.

 Egypt 
On 12 July 2022, Vitória became the manager of the Egyptian national team, signing on a four-year contract. On 4 February 2024, he was sacked from his position following the elimination from the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations round of 16, without recording any victory during the tournament.

 Managerial statistics 
As of match played 28 January 2024

 Honours 

 Managerial 
Fátima
Third Division: 2008–09Vitória Guimarães
Taça de Portugal: 2012–13Benfica
Primeira Liga: 2015–16, 2016–17
Taça de Portugal: 2016–17
Taça da Liga: 2015–16
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 2016, 2017Al-Nassr
Saudi Professional League: 2018–19
Saudi Super Cup: 2019

 Individual 
Primeira Liga – Best Coach: 2015–16, 2016–17
Saudi Professional League Manager of the Month: March 2019, October 2019, August 2020

 References 
Notes

Citations

 External links 

Rui Vitória at ForaDeJogo (archived)

Larry Craig scandal
On June 11, 2007, Larry Craig, a Republican United States Senator from Idaho, was arrested for lewd conduct in a men's restroom at the Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport. On August 8, Craig entered a guilty plea to a lesser charge of disorderly conduct.As a result of the controversy surrounding his arrest and guilty plea, and pressure from fellow Republicans, at a news conference on September 1, Craig announced his intention to resign from the Senate, effective September 30. After subsequent failed efforts to withdraw his guilty plea, on October 4, he released a statement refusing to resign from the Senate. Craig did not run for re-election in 2008, and the incident effectively ended his political career.

 Arrest 
On June 11, 2007, Craig was arrested at the Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport on suspicion of disorderly conduct. The nature of the alleged activity has been categorized by some as cottaging. According to the police report, the police officer sat in a bathroom stall as part of an undercover operation investigating complaints of sexual activity in the restroom. After about 13 minutes of sitting in the stall, the police officer observed Craig lingering outside and frequently peeking through the crack of the door on the stall. Craig then entered the stall to the left of the officer's stall. The police officer made the following observations, which he recorded in his report of the incident, as to what happened next:

At 1216 hours, Craig tapped his right foot. I recognized this as a signal used by persons wishing to engage in lewd conduct. Craig tapped his toes several times and moves his foot closer to my foot. ... The presence of others did not seem to deter Craig as he moved his right foot so that it touched the side of my left foot which was within my stall area. Craig then proceeded to swipe his left hand under the stall divider several times, with the palm of his hand facing upward.
According to the incident report and criminal complaint filed in court, the officer showed Craig his police identification beneath the partition separating their stalls, and the officer then pointed his finger towards the restroom exit. Craig initially said no, but he ultimately complied with the officer's request to leave the restroom. After Craig and the officer left the restroom, Craig was reluctant to go with the officer and demanded the officer show his police identification a second time. Once the officer complied with the request, Craig, the arresting officer, and a police detective, who was stationed outside of the restroom, went to the airport police station.After the arresting officer read Craig his Miranda rights, the officer interviewed Craig about the restroom incident. At one point, Craig handed his business card to the arresting officer, which identified him as a U.S. Senator, and said to him, "What do you think about that?" Craig told the officer that he was worried about missing his flight, and the arresting officer asked the police detective to call the airline to hold the flight. The detective reported that no one answered the telephone for the airline, and the arresting officer proceeded with the interview.
According to the arrest report prepared by Sgt. Dave Karsnia, "Craig stated ... He has a wide stance when going to the bathroom and that his foot may have touched mine." Craig never used the term "wide stance" himself. According to the transcript of the police interrogation, Sgt. Karsnia asked: "Did you do anything with your feet?" and Craig replied: "Positioned them, I don't know. I don't know at the time. I'm a fairly wide guy."When the officer asked Craig about the use of his hands, Craig said that he reached down with his right hand to pick up a piece of paper that was on the floor. The officer disputed Craig's version by saying, "there was not a piece of paper on the bathroom floor, nor did Craig pick up a piece of paper." Craig also disputed the officer's assertion about the position of his hand, claiming that his right palm was faced down as he picked up the paper from the floor. The officer disputed Craig's version, alleging that Craig used his left hand because his thumb, "was positioned in a faceward motion." During the interview and in the incident report, the officer commented that Craig either disagreed with what happened in the restroom or could not recall the events as they happened.Craig returned to the airport on June 22 to complain about how he had been treated by the police. According to the police report about Craig's return, Craig said he wanted information for his lawyer.Craig pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of disorderly conduct by signing and mailing a plea petition, dated August 1, 2007, to the Hennepin County District Court in Minnesota. He paid $575 (equivalent to $812 in 2022), including fines and fees. Senator Craig signed the petition to enter his guilty plea, which contained the provisions, "I understand that the court will not accept a plea of guilty from anyone who claims to be innocent ... I now make no claim that I am innocent of the charge to which I am entering a plea of guilty." Craig mailed his signed petition to the court, and his petition to plead guilty to the misdemeanor charge was accepted and filed by the court on August 8, 2007.

 Allegations about prior conduct become public 
On October 17, 2006, gay rights activist Michael Rogers reported on sexual liaisons between Craig and unnamed individuals in Washington, D.C.'s Union Station. Rogers uncovered a news story from 1982 that tied Craig to a sex and drug scandal in the US Congress. Rogers reported on more recent activity in various places throughout the nation. Rogers's report prompted Craig to issue a denial.
On August 27, 2007, Roll Call broke the story to reveal details about Craig's arrest at the Minneapolis–St. Paul Airport and his subsequent guilty plea in that case. After the conviction came to light, the Idaho Statesman published a story on August 28, 2007, about three allegations involving Craig's sexual conduct. A college student, who was considering pledging at Craig's fraternity at the University of Idaho in 1967, told a reporter for the Idaho Statesman that Craig led the student to his bedroom and "made what the man said he took to be an invitation to sex." In the second reported incident, a man, who identified himself as gay, told a reporter that Craig cruised him at the REI store in Boise in November 1994, following him around the store for half an hour. The last reported incident to the Idaho Statesman about Craig's conduct came from a 40-year-old man with close ties to Republican officials. According to the man's story about the encounter with Craig, the man "reported having oral sex with Craig at Washington's Union Station, probably in 2004." A reporter for the Idaho Statesman interviewed Craig on August 28, 2007, regarding the allegations about his conduct, and in response to the reporter's questions, Craig said, "I'm not gay, and I don't cruise, and I don't hit on men. ... I don't go around anywhere hitting on men, and by God, if I did, I wouldn't do it in Boise, Idaho! Jiminy!"

 Responses to the arrest 
Craig told the public that the officer misconstrued his actions, that he was not involved in any inappropriate conduct, and had failed to seek legal counsel: "In hindsight, I should not have pled guilty. I was trying to handle this matter myself quickly and expeditiously." In an August 28, 2007, press conference in Boise, Idaho, Craig said:

I am not gay. I never have been gay. ... In June, I overreacted and made a poor decision. I chose to plead guilty to a lesser charge in hopes of making it go away. ... Please let me apologize to my family, friends, and staff, and fellow Idahoans for the cloud placed over Idaho. I did nothing wrong at the Minneapolis airport. I did nothing wrong, and I regret the decision to plead guilty and the sadness that decision has brought on my wife, on my family, friends, staff, and fellow Idahoans.

Craig's arrest provoked a small flurry of attention to that earlier scandal, and it was suggested that Craig had absorbed a lesson from it: "sexual misconduct—or even the mere perception that one is gay—could ruin a man's reputation. But steadfast, straight-in-the-eye denial just might get him off the hook."Craig claimed that his state of mind was troubled at the time of the guilty plea because he and his family "[had] been relentlessly and viciously harassed" by the Idaho Statesman in the course of its investigation into allegations of Craig's homosexuality. On August 30, the Statesman called for Craig's resignation. In response to questions about the arrest, the Minneapolis–St. Paul Airport Police Department released an audiotape of Craig's interview with Sergeant Dave Karsnia, the arresting officer. In that interview, Craig denied wrongdoing and claimed that he was a victim of entrapment.Craig was one of two Senate liaisons for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential campaign, but removed himself from that campaign role after the conviction became public. Romney said of Craig, "He's disappointed the American people." Craig later expressed bitterness about Romney's handling of the incident, saying in an interview with Matt Lauer, "And [Romney] not only threw me under his campaign bus, he backed up and ran over me again."A Washington watchdog group, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, filed a complaint with the Senate Ethics Committee requesting an investigation into whether Craig violated Senate Rules of Conduct. Members of the Republican Party in Congress began calling for Craig to resign, including Representative Pete Hoekstra (MI), Senator John McCain (AZ), Senator Norm Coleman (MN) and Senator John Ensign (NV). Coleman and Senator Susan Collins (ME) announced that they would donate campaign contributions received from Craig's political action committee to charity. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), and sitting chair of the Judiciary Committee, criticized the Republicans for holding to a double standard, for not having called likewise for the resignation of Senator David Vitter (R-LA), accused in a call girl scandal. Leahy said further that the Republicans were motivated by politics, in that Craig would be replaced by a Republican governor while Vitter would be replaced by a Democratic governor. Ensign, for the Republicans, denied the double standard, saying on ABC that Craig had pleaded guilty to a crime while Vitter was only accused. Senator Arlen Specter, then (R-PA), encouraged Craig to fight to withdraw his guilty plea, concluding on Fox News Sunday "I think he could be vindicated."
Senate GOP leaders including Mitch McConnell (KY) and Trent Lott (MS) asked Craig to "temporarily step down as the top Republican on the Veterans Affairs Committee, Appropriations Subcommittee on the Interior and Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Public Lands and Forests." Craig subsequently agreed to step down from those posts as the ranking Minority member. Patrick Sammon, president of the Log Cabin Republicans, issued a statement condemning the senator's actions.

 Resignation announcement/reversal, and motion to withdraw plea 
At a news conference on September 1, 2007, Craig announced his intent to resign, "with sadness and deep regret", effective September 30, 2007. On September 4, 2007, a spokesperson for Craig indicated that he was reconsidering his decision to resign, if his conviction was rapidly overturned and his committee assignments were restored.On September 10, 2007, Craig's attorneys filed a motion to withdraw his guilty plea, arguing that it "was not knowing and intelligent and therefore was in violation of his constitutional rights." His lawyers further argued that Craig "felt compelled to grasp the lifeline," hoping that if he were to submit to an interview and plead guilty that none of the allegations would be made public. The motion argued that Craig had entered the plea under stress caused by media inquiries into his sexuality. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) filed an amicus curiae brief stating that the secret sting operation used by the police was not "carefully crafted" to avoid ensnaring innocent speech and that "the defendant should be permitted to withdraw his plea, and, should the state recharge him, to contest the constitutional validity of any prosecution."Craig's motion hearing to withdraw his guilty plea was held on September 26, 2007, before Judge Charles A. Porter, Jr. Craig's Washington D.C. attorney, William Martin, argued that Craig's actions could not be considered disorderly conduct because "you should have either touching, or words, or a combination of the two." The other main argument was made by Craig's Minneapolis attorney, Thomas Kelly, who argued that the mail-in petition used by Craig was "defective" because it lacked a judge's signature. On September 26, 2007, Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea.On October 4, 2007, Porter denied Craig's motion to withdraw his guilty plea, ruling that Craig's plea was accurate, voluntary and intelligent, and that evidence supported the conviction. As part of Craig's appeal of this ruling, the ACLU filed a brief that cited a Minnesota Supreme Court ruling from 38 years earlier finding that those engaging in sexual encounters in closed stalls in otherwise public restrooms "have a reasonable expectation of privacy," a finding that the ACLU argued would contradict the state's claim that Craig was inviting the undercover officer to have sex "in public."After Judge Porter's ruling, Craig announced that despite his pledge to the contrary, he would serve out his Senate term. He stated that he intended to "continue my effort to clear my name in the Senate Ethics Committee—something that is not possible if I am not serving in the Senate." Craig did not run for re-election in 2008 and left office on January 3, 2009. He was succeeded by Republican Jim Risch, the Lieutenant Governor of Idaho.
In September 2008, Craig's attorney argued before a three-judge panel of the Minnesota Court of Appeals that there was insufficient evidence to find Craig guilty of a misdemeanor. In December 2008, the appellate court rejected this attempt to have the guilty plea tossed out and rejected the constitutional challenge to the charges.On January 8, 2009, Craig dropped his appeal to the Minnesota State Supreme Court after his attorney determined that the Court would be unlikely to accept a petition for further review of the case, ending the legal challenge to his guilty plea.

 Gay men allege sexual contact with Craig 
In December 2007, eight gay men came forward to the Idaho Statesman newspaper alleging either sexual encounters with Craig or attempts by Craig to engage in sexual encounters. Four of the men gave the newspaper graphic, recorded details of their alleged sexual encounters. One of the four was Mike Jones, the male escort who, in November 2006, had been involved in a sex and methamphetamine scandal with Ted Haggard. Jones claimed that Craig had paid him $200 (equivalent to $290 in 2022) for a massage and oral sex. A Craig spokesman responded, "Mike Jones is lying in order to sell his book [about Ted Haggard]—plain and simple. Larry has never met Mike Jones."

 Use of campaign funds for legal defense 

 February 2008 Senate Ethics Committee letter 
On February 13, 2008, the Senate Ethics Committee sent a letter of admonition to Craig, stating that his "improper conduct" reflected "discreditably" on the United States Senate. The Committee held that Craig had indeed committed the actions for which he had pleaded guilty, and that his efforts to withdraw his guilty plea were intended to evade the repercussions of his actions. Noting that Craig had tapped campaign funds to spend $213,000 (equivalent to $290,000 in 2022) for legal fees and public relations fees on the case, the Committee argued that this showed his disregard of ethics. Campaign funds may only pay legal bills when they are related to the senator's official duties.

 2012 FEC lawsuit 
In June 2012, the Federal Election Commission sued Craig for repayment of $217,000 (equivalent to $277,000 in 2022) of campaign funds plus fines of $6,500 (equivalent to $8,300 in 2022) from the former Senator and his treasurer, Kaye O'Riordan. Craig used the money to pay for his defense in the case. In an August 2012 filing, Craig's lawyer Andrew Herman wrote "Not only was the trip itself constitutionally required, but Senate rules sanction reimbursement for any cost relating to a senator's use of a bathroom while on official travel"; the filing cited an FEC ruling that allowed former Congressman Jim Kolbe to use campaign funds for his legal defense in the Mark Foley scandal. In March 2013, the court found "expenditures for legal fees" unqualified as "ordinary and necessary expenses in connection with Mr. Craig's duties as a federal officeholder and ... irrespective of his duties as an officeholder."Craig appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On March 4, 2016, the Court of Appeals upheld the lower court ruling and ordered Craig to pay $242,533 (equivalent to $295,734 in 2022) to the United States Treasury Department.

 In popular culture 
Both the 2009 documentary Outrage and Newsweek's June 7, 2010 issue's Back Story listed Craig as one of several prominent conservative politicians who had a record of anti-gay legislation and was later caught in a gay sex scandal.The stall (second from right) at the Minneapolis–St. Paul Airport bathroom in which the incident occurred gained notoriety. The restroom was later demolished.Craig's airport men's room arrest is used in a "ripped from the headlines" episode of Law & Order—episode 6 of Season 18 ("Political Animal") in the long-running television series. A New York City councilman is shown "foot tapping" and runs his hand under the wall of the stall occupied by Lupo (Jeremy Sisto). Lupo subsequently arrests the councilman, who later loudly declares "I am not gay!" to some assembled reporters, much like Craig did.
Similarly, in December 2007 an episode of Boston Legal-episode 8 of season 4 ("Oral Contracts") was based on this scandal, in which William Shatner's character Denny Crane was arrested for solicitation in a bathroom, because of tapping in a stall while constipated. Craig's name is directly referenced.
Robert Lund and M. Spaff Sumsion's 2007 CD Politicked Off! had a parody of The J. Geils Band's "Centerfold", entitled "My Men's Room Date's a Senator", which refers to the incident.
The According to Jim episode "The Rendezvous" (2008) features the title character Jim setting up to meet his beloved wife Cheryl at the airport hotel to have a quickie, before she leaves to aid her ailing mother. While in the airport bathroom, Jim accidentally taps the shoe of the occupant in the next stall, then asks for some toilet paper by sliding his hand under the stall. He then has a police badge flashed at him from the adjacent stall and is promptly in trouble. 
The Broadway musical Spamalot produced a comedic climatic skit, with the knights peeling off their armor to reveal tutus and singing and dancing to "Wide Stance."

Comedian Charlie Berens referenced the incident in his 2023 special "Midwest Goodbye", describing a situation which might lead to nervousness where his "toe starts tapping like I'm an Idaho Senator in a Minneapolis bathroom", then adding, "That joke's from 2007, you're welcome."

 See also 
Lawrence v. Texas

 References 

Dom Orejudos
Domingo Francisco Juan Esteban "Dom" Orejudos, Secundo (July 1, 1933 – September 24, 1991), also widely known by the pen names Etienne and Stephen, was an openly gay artist, ballet dancer, and choreographer, best known for his ground-breaking masculine gay male erotica beginning in the 1950s. Along with artists George Quaintance and Touko Laaksonen ("Tom of Finland") – with whom he became friends – Orejudos' leather-themed art promoted an image of gay men as strong and masculine, as an alternative to the then-dominant stereotype as weak and effeminate. With his first lover and business partner Chuck Renslow, Orejudos established many landmarks of late-20th-century gay male culture, including the Gold Coast bar, Man's Country bathhouse, the International Mr. Leather competition, Chicago's August White Party, and the magazines Triumph, Rawhide, and Mars. He was also active and influential in the Chicago ballet community.

 Early life 
Dom Orejudos was born in Chicago, where he attended McKinley High School, played violin in the school orchestra, served as concertmaster in the All Chicago High School orchestra, and competed on the gymnastics team.
Orejudos was in high school when his first erotic works were published, so he chose to publish under a pen name; he reportedly desired "a pseudonym with real flair," so he chose the French version of his middle name: Etienne.Orejudos attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago for a semester, where he studied drawing and art, but was frustrated by the approach taught there. When he was 20 years old, he was approached on Chicago's Oak Street Beach by Chuck Renslow (then 23), who invited him to model for photographs. They began a relationship. They also founded Kris Studios, a physique photography studio that took photos for gay magazines they published. The studio was named in part to honor transgender pioneer Christine Jorgensen.

 Career 

 Art 
Orejudos began drawing commercially in 1953, when he was commissioned to draw erotic illustrations for Tomorrow's Man, a magazine published by Irv Johnson, the owner of the gym where he worked out. He adopted the pen name Etienne, the French equivalent of his middle name Esteban. He signed pen-and-ink drawings done in a slightly different style with Stephen, the English equivalent of his middle name, to imply that the studio employed multiple artists. The latter kind of drawings became the basis for storybooks, among the first explicit homoerotic comics published.In 1958, Orejudos and Renslow bought the gym from Johnson, which they renamed Triumph Gymnasium and Health Studio, moving the photography studio to an upper floor. In 1963 they expanded their publishing enterprise to launch Mars, an overtly leather-focused magazine. They also produced non-explicit gay-themed 16mm movie shorts, written and directed by Orejudos.
Orejudos and Renslow lived in the Francis J. Dewes mansion in the early 1970s; Orejudos housed his art studio on the third floor. After losing much of his archive in a plumbing flood in the 1970s, he gave the remainder of it to Target Studio, which became his primary publisher. In 1978, he had a joint gallery exhibition in San Francisco with erotic artist Al Shapiro (A. Jay).
Orejudos' art was widely publicized through gay magazines such as Drummer.Orejudos was a pen pal of Tom of Finland and introduced Tom to Durk Dehner, with whom Tom founded his namesake company and foundation. Dehner considered Orejudos his "best friend for many years" and in 1999 wrote, "[Orejudos] is indelibly tied to Tom and me, and thereby the eventual creation of the Tom of Finland Foundation."Orejudos' art has been exhibited at the Mary and Leigh Block Museum of Art at Northwestern University, the Chicago History Museum, the Leather Archives & Museum, and the School of the Art Institute's Roger Brown Study Collection Center.

 Ballet 
Orejudos attended Ellis-DuBoulay School of Ballet on a scholarship, and then joined the Illinois Ballet Company, where he was principal dancer for nine years and became resident choreographer. After the Illinois Ballet closed in 1972, he created new choreography for another decade working with the Delta Festival Ballet company in New Orleans. He created 18 ballets, staged by 20 regional ballet companies including Washington, D.C., Atlanta, Houston, Minneapolis, San Francisco, and Omaha. He received three grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. He staged his ballet Charioteer to inaugurate color broadcasts by Chicago station WTTW, which received three Emmy Awards. He danced in the touring companies for West Side Story, The King and I, and Song of Norway.

 Personal life 
In addition to his relationship with Chuck Renslow, in 1969 Orejudos met Robert (Bob) Yuhnke at a leather party in New York. They developed a long distance relationship until Bob moved to Chicago in 1979 to live with Orejudos. Together they established a residence in Eldorado Springs, Colorado, in 1980, where they resided until Orejudos' death from complications of AIDS. Orejudos continued to spend time in Chicago until his mother's death in 1984.Orejudos contracted pneumonia during travel with Bob in China before joining other members of a Sister City delegation from Boulder for a planned visit to Lhasa Tibet in 1987. This illness revealed a diagnosis of AIDS which contributed to his declining health, leading to his death from AIDS complications on September 24, 1991. Orejudos has been honored with three separate panels in the AIDS Memorial Quilt.

 Cultural impact & legacy 
In 1999, Dehner wrote:I’m sure that Etienne will go [d]own in homoerotic history as being the quintessential humorist. His typical formats have one or more characters as the brunt of the joke, many times under severe physical torment, all for the sexual gratification of another of his ruffians. His relaxed mastery of figurative cartoon illustration, along with a superb ability for gutter dialogue, produced the kind of stories that we were always wishing for when reading Flash Gordon and Spider Man, but never got until Etienne/Stephen entered our lives.In 1993 Orejudos received the Forebear Award as part of the Pantheon of Leather Awards.In 2013 Orejudos was inducted into the Leather Hall of Fame.The Leather Archives & Museum has the largest collection of original works by Orejudos (under his pseudonym "Etienne"). Its auditorium, which features many of his murals, in named in his honor.He is among those commemorated in the AIDS Memorial Quilt.

 References 

 External links 
Lambiek Comiclopedia
Dom Orejudos papers at the Newberry Library
Dom Orejudos aka "Etienne", VisualAIDS.org

2024 Oklahoma Sooners football team
The 2024 Oklahoma Sooners football team will represent the University of Oklahoma in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 2024 NCAA Division I FBS football season, the 130th season for the Oklahoma Sooners. They will be led by third-year head coach Brent Venables and will play their home games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman, Oklahoma. This will be their first year as members of the SEC.

 Offseason 

 Departures 

 NFL draft 

 Outgoing transfers 
Quarterback Dillon Gabriel transferred to Oregon after two seasons with the Sooners. Coming over from UCF, Gabriel ranked sixth among all FBS quarterbacks this season in passing yards with 3,660, while also ranking eighth in passing touchdowns with 30 and was tenth in completion percentage in his second season with the Sooners.

 Additions 

 Incoming transfers 
Purdue transfer Deion Burks committed to the Sooners after a breakout season, finishing with 629 receiving yards, 47 catches, and 7 touchdown catches and later being named second-team All-Big Ten honors. Casey Thompson committed to the Sooners from Florida Atlantic after previous stints with Nebraska and Texas. Thompson, the son of former Sooners quarterback Charles Thompson, returned to the state of Oklahoma, where he will play his seventh season. He joins Paul Moriarty and Brenen Thompson as the third player in modern history to start out at Texas and transferred to Oklahoma.

 Recruiting 

 Schedule 
Oklahoma and the SEC announced the 2024 conference schedule on December 13, 2023. The 2023 schedule consists of 7 home games, 4 away games and 1 neutral-site game in the regular season. The Sooners will host all 4 non-conference games against Temple, Houston, Tulane, and Maine. 
The Sooners will host three SEC conference opponents against Tennessee, South Carolina, and Alabama and will travel to four SEC conference opponents against Auburn, Ole Miss, Missouri, and LSU. The Sooners will face Texas in Dallas, Texas at the Cotton Bowl in the Red River Rivalry. The Sooners will have their bye week in Week 6 (October 5) and Week 12 (November 16).

 Personnel 

 Coaching staff 
Source: 2024 Oklahoma Sooners Roster
Offensive coordinator Jeff Lebby was named the next head coach at Mississippi State after two years with the Sooners. With Lebby, the Sooners scored 65+ points three times with a 43.2 points scoring average. Defensive coordinator and linebackers coach Ted Roof mutually agreed to part ways after two years with the Sooners. Head coach Brent Venables offered Roof an opportunity to remain on the staff in a different role, however Roof declined. With Roof, the Sooners improved from 98th in scoring defense and 121st in total defense last season to being ranked 46th and 78th respectively this season.

 Game summaries 

 Temple 

 Houston 

 Tulane 

 Tennessee 

 At Auburn 

 Texas 

 South Carolina 

 At Ole Miss 

 Maine 

 At Missouri 

 Alabama 

 At LSU 

 Rankings 

 References 

Loopy Godinez
Lupita "Loopy" Godínez (born September 6, 1993) is a Mexican-Canadian professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. As of January 23, 2024, she is #10 in the UFC women's strawweight rankings.

 Background 
At the age of 14, Godínez's father Carlos was approached by the cartel who demanded protection money. After he found a lot full of bullet-riddled cars and shattered windows, and answered phone calls with voices telling him his daughters’ names and schools, Carlos decided to take his family and leave. Telling his family that they were leaving for Disneyland, instead they landed in Vancouver, where they had to start from scratch. They lived out of a hotel for six months, and did odd jobs such as washing cars to pay the bills. After life stabilized, Godínez was encouraged by her boyfriend to get back into judo that she had done since childhood, and then into jiu-jitsu. She is a dual citizen of Mexico and Canada.Godínez has three younger sisters, of whom two – Karla and Ana – are accomplished wrestlers competing with the Canadian national team.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
Godínez began her MMA career as an amateur in 2016. Her debut match was held on June 18, 2016, and it was against Ali Cranmer. She won the match via decision. In her following bouts, she lost against Jamey-Lyn Horth Wessels on two different occasions, on November 25, 2016, and February 18, 2017, respectively.Despite two straight losses, she bounced back and won her next two bouts against Ashlee Jarvis and Kyla Frajman. Her winning streak was stopped once again when she faced Tiffany Conama and Morgan Engelhardt, respectively.In her next two matches, she showed what she could as she defeated Alexandra Lucia Delgado-Lopez and Sam Hughes. When she won against Sam Hughes, she also captured the COGA Strawweight Championship. After that, she decided to turn professional.On June 30, 2018, Godínez made her professional MMA debut when she faced Jennah Macallister—she won the bout via a unanimous decision. She went on to defeat both Ashlee Mastin and Felisha Magallan in 2019.Godinez managed to capture the vacant BTC Strawweight Championship defeating Lindsay Garbatt at BTC 8 on November 30, 2019. In the next bout at LFA 94, Godinez captured the LFA Women's Strawweight Championship, defeating Vanessa Demopoulos via majority decision.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
Godínez, as a replacement for Hannah Goldy faced Jessica Penne UFC on ESPN: Whittaker vs. Gastelum on  April 17, 2021. Godinez lost the close bout via split decision. 11 out of 17 media scores gave it to Godínez.Godínez, as a replacement for Stephanie Egger, was expected to face Sarah Alpar on May 22, 2021 on UFC Fight Night: Font vs. Garbrandt. The bout was scrapped completely a day later as Godínez wasn't able to get her visa in time.Godínez was expected to face Sam Hughes on October 8, 2021 at UFC Fight Night: Dern vs. Rodriguez. However, Hughes was pulled from the bout after testing positive for COVID-19 and was replaced by promotional newcomer Silvana Gómez Juárez. She won the bout via armbar in the first round. This fight earned her the Performance of the Night award.On a one week turnaround, Godínez, as a replacement for Sijara Eubanks, faced Luana Carolina on October 16, 2021 at UFC Fight Night: Ladd vs. Dumont. With this bout, she earned the record for the fastest turnaround in modern UFC history at just seven days. She lost the fight via unanimous decision.Godínez, replacing Cheyanne Buys, faced Loma Lookboonmee on November 20, 2021 at UFC Fight Night 198. She won the bout via unanimous decision.Godínez faced Ariane Carnelossi on May 7, 2022 at UFC 274. She won the fight via unanimous decision.Godínez faced Angela Hill on August 13, 2022 at UFC on ESPN: Vera vs. Cruz. She lost the fight via unanimous decision.Godinez faced Cynthia Calvillo on April 8, 2023 at UFC 287. She won the close bout via split decision.Godinez faced Emily Ducote, replacing Polyana Viana, on April 29, 2023, at UFC Fight Night 223. She won the fight via unanimous decision.Godinez faced Elise Reed on September 16, 2023, at UFC Fight Night 227. She won the fight via a rear-naked choke submission in round two. This win earned her the Performance of the Night award.Godinez faced Tabatha Ricci on November 11, 2023, at UFC 295. She won by split decision and became the first woman to win 4 fights in the UFC in a calendar year.Godinez is scheduled to face Virna Jandiroba on March 30, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 241.

 Championships and achievements 
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (Two times) vs. Silvana Gómez Juárez and Elise Reed
Record for fastest turnaround in Modern UFC history (7 days)
Record for shortest span between three fights in Modern UFC history (42 days)
Tied (Carla Esparza, Tatiana Suarez & Yan Xiaonan) for the second longest win streak in UFC Women's Strawweight division history (6)
First and only woman to win four fights in a calendar year in UFC history
Legacy Fighting Alliance (LFA)
LFA Women's Strawweight Champion (one time; former)
BTC Fight Promotions
BTC Strawweight Championship (One time)

 Mixed martial arts record 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of female mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 
Professional MMA record for Loopy Godinez from Sherdog
Loopy Godinez at UFC

Blacksheep TV
Blacksheep TV (பிளாக்ஷீப்) is an Indian Tamil-language general entertainment channel owned by RJ Vigneshkanth on 15 January 2023 replacing Chithiram TV. It telecasts Game shows, Talk shows, Tamil Films and comedy shows. It is also available through digital entertainment platform BS Value.

 Programming 
Anbudan Archanai
Good Morning Black Sheep TV
Mocktail
Gangstar
Kattathu Raani
Samaipoma
Chinnavanae Periyavanae
Varutha Padatha Vandugal Sangam
Nikki Raid
Vadivel Time
RJ Vignesh Show
Love You Yuvan
Kadhai Neram
Goblin (Tamil)
Mother (Tamil)
Ivan Yaaro
Queen And I (Tamil)

I am not a Robot (Tamil)
Extraordinary You (Tamil)
Express Morning
ITHU ATHULLA
CONNECT THE PATTU
SONGODU VILAYADU
SING IN THE LINE
Pattu Podavaa
NEXT TWISTU
Good Night
Adichu Thooku Machi
Fun Panrom Vlogs
Vayalum Vazhvum
Manam Virumbuthey
Yuvan 25
Date With Yuvan
Yuvan House Party
Natchathira Kondattam
Whistle Podu
Kalaignar 100/100
Samaipoma 100/100
Naanga Gethu
Voice Awards 2024
Techoffes Awards 2023
BS Digital Awards
BS Kudumba Virudhugal
Vlog With Wajdha
Irfan Ideas
Oru Nimida Kadhai
BS Shorts
Karpathu Cinema

 History 
It was launched on 15 January 2023 which started on the Tamil Pongal Festival. The channel is owned by RJ Vigneshkanth, is a homegrown regional Over-the-top media service brand 'BlackSheep' launched 'Blacksheep TV' satellite channel after success with multiple YouTube  channels, its own dedicated platforms and several original shows and productions.The channel was announced in October 2022, with the Tamil comedy icon Vadivelu as its ambassador, originally scheduled to be Test launched on 6 November but delayed to 12 December and official launched on 15 January 2023 and was rebranded from Chithiram TV. The slogan is 'எல்லாருக்கும் நல்லாருக்கும்!!; Ellarukkum Nallarukkum!!' (Good for everyone).

 References 

 External links 
Blacksheep TV

Legal status of transgender people
The legal status of transgender people varies greatly around the world. Some countries have enacted laws protecting the rights of transgender individuals, but others have criminalized their gender identity or expression. In many cases, transgender individuals face discrimination in employment, housing, healthcare, and other areas of life.
A transgender person is someone whose gender identity is inconsistent or not culturally associated with the sex they were assigned at birth and also with the gender role that is associated with that sex. They may have, or may intend to establish, a new gender status that accords with their gender identity. Transsexual is generally considered a subset of transgender, but some transsexual people reject being labelled transgender.Globally, most legal jurisdictions recognize the two traditional gender identities and social roles, man and woman, but tend to exclude any other gender identities and expressions. People assigned male at birth are usually legally recognized as men, and people assigned female at birth are usually legally recognized as women, in jurisdictions that distinguish between the two. However, there are some countries which recognize, by law, a third gender. That third gender is often associated with being nonbinary. There is now a greater understanding of the breadth of variation outside the typical categories of "man" and "woman", and many self-descriptions are now entering the literature, including pangender, genderqueer, polygender, and agender. Medically and socially, the term "transsexualism" is being replaced with gender incongruence or gender dysphoria, and terms such as transgender people, trans men, and trans women, and non-binary are replacing the category of transsexual people.
Many of the issues regarding transgender rights are generally considered a part of family law, especially the issues of marriage and the question of a transgender person benefiting from a partner's insurance or social security.
The degree of legal recognition provided to transgender people varies widely throughout the world. Many countries now legally recognize sex reassignments by permitting a change of legal gender on an individual's birth certificate. Many transsexual people have permanent surgery to change their body, gender-affirming surgery or semi-permanently change their body by hormonal means, transgender hormone therapy. The legal status of such healthcare varies. In many countries, some of these modifications are required for legal recognition. In a few, the legal aspects are directly tied to health care; i.e. the same bodies or doctors decide whether a person can move forward in their treatment and the subsequent processes automatically incorporate both matters. In others, these medical procedures are illegal.
In some jurisdictions, transgender people (who are considered non-transsexual) can benefit from the legal recognition given to transsexual people. In some countries, an explicit medical diagnosis of "transsexualism" is (at least formally) necessary. In others, a diagnosis of "gender dysphoria", or simply the fact that one has established a non-conforming gender role, can be sufficient for some or all of the legal recognition available. The DSM-5 recognizes gender dysphoria as an official diagnosis. Not all transgender or transsexual people feel gender dysphoria or gender incongruence, but in many countries a diagnosis is required for legal recognition, if transgender people are legally recognized at all.

 Legislative efforts to recognise gender identity 

 National level 

 Legislative efforts to derecognise gender identity 

 National level 

 Subnational level 

 United States 

 Africa 

 South Africa 

The Constitution of South Africa forbids discrimination on the basis of sex, gender and sexual orientation (amongst other grounds). The Constitutional Court has indicated that "sexual orientation" includes transsexuality.In 2003 Parliament enacted the Alteration of Sex Description and Sex Status Act, which allows a transgender person who has undergone medical or surgical gender reassignment to apply to the Department of Home Affairs to have the sex description altered on their birth record. Once the birth record is altered they can be issued with a new birth certificate and identity document, and are considered "for all purposes" to be of the new sex.

 Egypt 

Transgender people face significant existing societal stigma against the LGBT+ community in Egypt, a conservative Muslim nation. The procedure for gender reassignment is not illegal in Egypt, however, the complication and stigmatisation has put transgender people through mental and physical assault along with torture, as per Human Rights Watch. Reportedly, the statistics of criminal acts committed against the transgender community have not been available because they have had a history of going unreported.

 Botswana 

In September 2017, the Botswana High Court ruled that the refusal of the Registrar of National Registration to change a transgender man's gender marker was "unreasonable and violated his constitutional rights to dignity, privacy, freedom of expression, equal protection of the law, freedom from discrimination and freedom from inhumane and degrading treatment". LGBT activists celebrated the ruling, describing it as a great victory. At first, the Botswana Government announced it would appeal the ruling, but decided against it in December, supplying the trans man in question with a new identity document that reflects his gender identity.A similar case, where a transgender woman sought to change her gender marker to female, was heard in December 2017. The High Court ruled that the Government must recognise her gender identity. She dedicated her victory to "every single trans diverse person in Botswana".

 Asia 

 China 

In 2009 the Chinese government made it illegal for minors to change their officially listed gender, stating that sexual reassignment surgery, available to only those over the age of twenty, was required in order to apply for a revision of their identification card and residence registration.In early 2014 the Shanxi province started allowing minors to apply for the change with the additional information of their guardian's identification card. This shift in policy allows post-surgery marriages to be recognized as heterosexual and therefore legal.Transgender youth in China face many challenges. One study found that Chinese parents report 0.5%  (1:200) of their 6 to 12-year boys and 0.6%  (1:167) of girls often or always 'state the wish to be the other gender'. 0.8% (1:125) of 18- to 24-year-old university students who are birth-assigned males (whose sex/gender as indicated on their ID card is male) report that the 'sex/gender I feel in my heart'  is female, while another 0.4% indicating that their perceived gender was 'other'. Among birth-assigned females, 2.9% (1:34) indicated they perceived their gender as male, while another 1.3% indicating 'other'.According to a survey conducted by Peking University, Chinese trans female students face strong discrimination in many areas of education. Sex segregation is found everywhere in Chinese schools and universities: student enrollment (for some special schools, universities and majors), appearance standards (hairstyles and uniforms included), private spaces (bathrooms, toilets and dormitories included), physical examinations, military trainings, conscription, PE classes, PE exams and physical health tests. Chinese students are required to attend all the activities according to their legal gender marker, otherwise they will be punished. It is also difficult to change the gender information of educational attainments and academic degrees in China, even after sex reassignment surgery, which results in discrimination against well-educated trans women.

 Hong Kong 

The Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong ruled that a transsexual woman has the right to marry her boyfriend. The ruling was made on 13 May 2013.On 16 September 2013, Eliana Rubashkyn, a transgender woman claimed that she was discriminated and sexually abused by the customs officers, including being subjected to invasive body searches and denied usage of a female toilet, although Hong Kong officers denied the allegations. After being released, she applied for and was granted refugee status by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), rendering her effectively stateless awaiting acceptance to a third country.In February 2023, the Court of Final Appeal ruled that the government's requirement of full sex reassignment surgery in order to update gender identity on ID cards was unconstitutional and unacceptably burdensome. As of May 2023, the ruling has yet to be implemented.

 India 

In April 2014, the Supreme Court of India declared transgender to be a 'third gender' in Indian law. The transgender community in India (made up of Hijras and others) has a long history in India and in Hindu mythology.

The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Act, 2019, was passed by Parliament in November 2019, and came into effect on 11 January 2020. It protects transgender individuals against discrimination in education, employment and healthcare. It recognizes the gender identity of the individual, and there are provisions in the law for a certificate to be issued with their new gender identity.  There have been reservations among some in the transgender community, both regarding the difficulty of obtaining a certificate, and because of lack of awareness and lack of sensitivity to the issue among local public officials. LGBTQ protests against the bill have occurred, with claims that the bill hurts the transgender community instead of helping it.  Protesters noted the provision for certification, but criticized the fact that this would require people to register with the government in order to be recognized as transgender. They also criticized the inequality inherent in the vast differences in punishment for the same crime, such as sexual abuse, committed against violating a transgender or cisgender individual.

 Iran 

Beginning in the mid-1980s, transgender individuals were officially recognized by the government and allowed to undergo sex reassignment surgery. 
Officially the leader of Iran's Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, issued a fatwa declaring sex reassignment surgery permissible for "diagnosed transsexuals". The government provides up to half the cost for those needing financial assistance, and a sex change is recognised on the birth certificate. Despite this, Iran's transgender people face discrimination in society. Founded in 2007 by Maryam Khatoon Molkara the Iranian Society to Support Individuals with Gender Identity Disorder (نجمن حمایت از بیماران مبتلا به اختلالات هویت جنسیایران) is Iran's main transsexual organization.Additionally, the Iranian government's response to homosexuality is to pressure lesbian and gay individuals, who are not in fact transsexual, towards sex reassignment surgery. Eshaghian's documentary, Be Like Others, chronicles a number of stories of Iranian gay men who feel transitioning is the only way to avoid further persecution, jail, or execution. Maryam Khatoon Molkara—who convinced Khomeini to issue the fatwa on transsexuality—confirmed that some people who undergo operations are gay rather than transsexual.

 Japan 

On 10 July 2003, the National Diet of Japan unanimously approved a new law that enables transsexual people to amend their legal sex. It is called 性同一性障害者の性別の取扱いの特例に関する法律 (Act on Special Cases in Handling Gender for People with Gender Identity Disorder) The law, effective on 16 July 2004, however, has controversial conditions which demand the applicants be both unmarried and childless. On 28 July 2004, Naha Family Court in Okinawa Prefecture returned a verdict to a transsexual woman in her 20s, allowing the sex on her family registry record or koseki to be amended from male to female. It is generally believed to be the first court approval under the new law. Since 2018 sex reassignment surgeries are paid for by the Japanese government, which are covered by the Japanese national health insurance as long as patients are not receiving hormone treatment and do not have any other pre-existing conditions. However applicants are required to be at least 20 years old, single, sterile, have no children under 20 (the age of majority in Japan), as well as to undergo a psychiatric evaluation to receive a diagnosis of "Gender Identity Disorder", also known as gender dysphoria in western countries. Once completed the patient has to only pay 30% of the surgery costs.

 Malaysia 

There is no legislation expressly allowing transsexuals to legally change their gender in Malaysia. The relevant legislations are the Births and Deaths Registration Act 1957 and National Registration Act 1959. Therefore, judges currently exercise their discretion in interpreting the law and defining the gender. There are conflicting decisions on this matter. There is a case in 2003 where the court allowed a transsexual to change her gender indicated in the identity card, and granted a declaration that she is a female. However, in 2005, in another case, the court refused to amend the gender of a transsexual in the identity card and birth certificate. Both cases applied the United Kingdom case of Corbett v Corbett in defining legal gender.

 Pakistan 

In Pakistan, some members of the LGBT community have started undergoing acts of sex reassignment surgery to change their sex. There are situations where such cases have caused media attention. A 2008 ruling at Pakistan's Lahore High Court gave permission to Naureen, 28, to have a sex change operation, although the decision was applicable only towards individuals who were diagnosed with gender dysphoria.In 2009, the Pakistan Supreme Court made a ruling in favor of the transgender community. The landmark ruling stated that as citizens they were entitled to the equal benefit and protection of the law and called upon the Pakistani government to take steps to protect transgender people from discrimination and harassment. Pakistan's chief justice, Iftikhar Chaudhry, was the architect of major extension of rights to Pakistan's transgender community during his term. There are also anti-discrimination laws in the provision of goods and services for transgender or transsexual individuals (known as Khuwaja Sira, formerly hijra, or Third Gender) in Pakistani.In 2018, the Pakistani government passed the Transgender Person (Protection of Rights) Act which officially established the legal right of transgender people in Pakistan to identify themselves as such and instituted anti-discrimination laws. These include recognition of transgender identity in legal documents such as passports, identity card, and drivers licences, along with prohibiting discrimination in employment, schools, workplaces, public transit, healthcare, etc. The bill also included the right for inheritance in accordance to their chosen gender. Furthermore, the bill obligates the Pakistani government to build protection centers and safe houses for the specific purpose of being used by the transgender community in Pakistan.

 Jordan 

The Court of Cassation, the highest court in Jordan allowed a transsexual woman to change her legal name and sex to female in 2014 after she brought forth medical reports from Australia. The head of the Jordanian Department of civil Status and Passports stated that two to three cases of change of sex reach the department annually, all based on Medical Reports and Court orders.

 Philippines 

The Supreme Court of the Philippines Justice Leonardo Quisumbing on 12 September 2008, allowed Jeff Cagandahan, 27, to change his birth certificate, gender and name:We respect respondent's congenital condition and his mature decision to be a male. Life is already difficult for the ordinary person. We cannot but respect how respondent deals with his unordinary state and thus help make his life easier, considering the unique circumstances in this case. In the absence of a law on the matter, the court will not dictate on respondent concerning a matter so innately private as one's sexuality and lifestyle preferences, much less on whether or not to undergo medical treatment to reverse the male tendency due to rare medical condition, congenital adrenal hyperplasia. In the absence of evidence that respondent is an 'incompetent,' and in the absence of evidence to show that classifying respondent as a male will harm other members of society ... the court affirms as valid and justified the respondent's position and his personal judgment of being a male.
Court records showed that at age six, he had small ovaries; at 13, his ovarian structure was minimized, he had no breasts and did not menstruate. The psychiatrist testified that "he has both male and female sex organs, but was genetically female, and that since his body secreted male hormones, his female organs did not develop normally." The Philippines National Institutes of Health said "people with congenital adrenal hyperplasia lack an enzyme needed by the adrenal gland to make the hormones cortisol and aldosterone.This ruling, however, only applied to cases involving congenital adrenal hyperplasia and other intersex situations. The Philippine Supreme Court has also ruled that Filipino citizens do not have the right to legally change their sex on official documents (driver's license, passport, birth certificate, Social Security records, etc.) if they are transsexual and have undergone sexual reassignment surgery. In 2007, the Court overruled a lower court decision and found that another individual could not legally change name and sex from male to female, as it would have "serious and wide-ranging legal and public policy consequences," citing the institution of marriage in particular.

 South Korea 

In South Korea, it is possible for transgender individuals to change their legal gender, although it depends on the decision of the judge for each case. Since the 1990s, however, it has been approved in most of the cases. The legal system in Korea does not prevent marriage once a person has changed their legal gender.In 2006, the Supreme Court of Korea ruled that transsexuals have the right to alter their legal papers to reflect their reassigned sex. A trans woman can be registered, not only as female, but also as being "born as a woman".While same-sex marriage is not approved by South Korean law, a transsexual woman obtains the marital status of 'female' automatically when she marries to a man, even if she has previously been designated as "male".In 2013 a court ruled that transsexuals can change their legal sex without undergoing genital surgery.

 Taiwan 

Transgender people in Taiwan need to undergo genital surgery (removal of primary sex organs) in order to register gender change on both the identity card and the birth certificate. The surgery requires approval of two psychiatrists, and the procedure is not covered by the National Health Insurance. The government conducted public consultations on the elimination of surgery requirements back in 2015, but no concrete changes have been made since then.In 2018, the government unveiled the new chip-embedded identity card, scheduled to be issued in late 2020. Gender will not be explicitly displayed on the physical card, although the second digit of national identification number reveals gender information anyway ("1" for male; "2" for female). With the inception of new identity card, a third gender option (using digit "7" as the second digit of national identification number) will be available to transgender persons alike. However, it raises concerns that the practice could stigmatize transgender persons, instead of respecting their gender identity. Details of the third-gender option policy are yet to be released.
After same-sex marriage law became effective on 24 May 2019, transgender persons could marry a person of the same registered gender.

 Europe 

A majority of countries in Europe give transgender people the right to at least change their first name, most of which also provide a way of changing birth certificates. Several European countries recognize the right of transgender people to marry in accordance with their post-operative sex. Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Sweden, Spain, and the United Kingdom all recognize this right. The Convention on the recognition of decisions regarding a sex change provides regulations for mutual recognition of sex change decisions and has been signed by five European countries and ratified by Spain and the Netherlands.

 Finland 

Before 2023, people wishing to change their legal gender in Finland had to be sterilized or be found infertil. A recommendation from the UN Human Rights Council to eliminate the sterilization requirement was rejected by the Finnish government in 2017. In 2023, Finland changed its gender identity law in 2023 so that it no longer requires sterilization and is instead based on self-identification.

 France 

In France, the change of the first name can be done by registry office or tribunal. The change of sex can be done by tribunal. In both cases there is no need for psychiatric reports or sex reassignment surgery.

 Germany 

In 1908, Imperial Germany (with the help of sexologist Magnus Hirschfeld and the WhK) issued a very limited number of 'transvestite passes' – transvestite at this time referring to crossdressers as well as transgender and gender non-conforming people – which enabled individuals to dress in clothes which were seen as discordant with their sex. This ended in 1933.Since 1980, Germany has a law that regulates the change of first names and legal gender. It is called Gesetz über die Änderung der Vornamen und die Feststellung der Geschlechtszugehörigkeit in besonderen Fällen (de:Transsexuellengesetz – TSG) (Law about the change of first name and determination of gender identity in special cases (Transsexual law – TSG)). Requirements that applicants for a change in gender were infertile post-surgery declared unconstitutional by supreme court ruling in a 2011.

 Greece 

On 10 October 2017, the Greek Parliament passed, by a comfortable majority, the Legal Gender Recognition Bill which grants the transgender people in Greece the right to change their legal gender freely by abolishing any conditions and requirements, such as undergoing any medical interventions, sex reassignment surgeries or sterilisation procedures to have their gender legally recognized on their IDs. The bill grants this right to anyone aged 17 and older. However, even underaged children between the age of 15 and 17 will have access to the legal gender recognition process, but under certain conditions, such as obtaining a certificate from a medical council. The bill was opposed by the Holy Synod of the Orthodox Church, the Communist Party of Greece, Golden Dawn and New Democracy.The Legal Gender Recognition Bill followed a 20 July 2016 decision of the County Court of Athens, which ruled that a person who wants to change their legal gender on the Registry Office files is no longer obliged to already have undergone a sex reassignment surgery. This decision was applied by the Court on a case-by-case basis.

 Republic of Ireland 

In Ireland, it was not possible for a transsexual person to alter their birth certificate until 2015. The High Court took a case by Lydia Foy in 2002 that was turned down, as a birth certificate was deemed to be a historical document.On 15 July 2015 Ireland passed the Gender Recognition Act, which allows legal gender changes without the requirement of medical intervention or assessment by the state. Such change is possible through self-determination for any person aged 18 or over resident in Ireland and registered on Irish registers of birth or adoption. Persons aged 16 to 18 years must secure a court order to exempt them from the normal requirement to be at least 18. Ireland is one of four legal jurisdictions in the world where people may legally change gender through self-determination.

 Malta 
Malta passed the 'Gender Identity, Gender Expression, and Sex Characteristics Act in 2015. This bill states that all citizens of Malta have the right to

The recognition of their gender identity;
The free development of their person according to their gender identity;
Be treated according to their gender identity and, particularly, to be identified in that way in the documents providing their identity therein; and
Bodily integrity and physical autonomy.This act protects the gender identity of a person at all times. It also states that "person shall not be required to provide proof of a surgical procedure for total or partial genital reassignment, hormonal therapies or any other psychiatric, psychological or medical treatment to make use of the right to gender identity." The act allows parents to postpone listing gender on a child's birth certificate and prohibits "non-medically necessary treatments on the sex characteristics of a person."

 Nordic countries 
The Nordic model approach to transgender rights emphasizes the human rights of transgender people and is based on legal equality and self-identification, which has been adopted in countries such as Denmark, Greenland, Norway and Iceland. In 2014, the Danish Parliament voted 59–52 to remove the requirement of a mental disorder diagnosis and surgery with irreversible sterilization for transgender people who wish to change their legal gender. A similar act was adopted in Greenland in 2016. In Norway the Gender Recognition Act, that introduced self-identification, was introduced by the Conservative-led government of Erna Solberg and adopted in 2016. The act received widespread support from most political parties, the LGBTIQ+ rights movement and the feminist movement, including the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights. Transgender people are also protected against discrimination and hate speech under discrimination and criminal law. Iceland adopted the Gender Autonomy Act that introduced self-identification and a third legal gender option in 2019, which received widespread support, including from the Icelandic Women's Rights Association. The women's rights movement in the Nordic countries strongly supports transgender rights. In 2021 the Icelandic Women's Rights Association in cooperation with the International Alliance of Women organized a forum on how the women's movement could counter "anti-trans voices." Sweden has had a gender identity law since 1972, probably the first in the world. Since 2013, neither sterilization nor other treatment is required for trans people who need to change their legal sex, but a diagnosis is required. Finland changed its gender identity law in 2023 so that it no longer requires sterilization and is instead based on self-identification.

 Poland 

The first milestone sentence in the case of gender shifting was given by Warsaw's Voivode Court in 1964. The court reasoned that it be possible, in face of civil procedure and acting on civil registry records, to change one's legal gender after their genital reassignment surgery had been conducted. In 1983, the Supreme Court ruled that in some cases, when the attributes of the individual's preferred gender were predominant, it is possible to change one's legal gender even before genital reassignment surgery.In 2011, Anna Grodzka, the first transgender MP in the history of Europe who underwent a genital reassignment operation was appointed. In the Polish Parliamentary Election 2011 she gained 19,337 votes (45,079 voted for her party in the constituency) in the City of Kraków and came sixth in her electoral district (928,914 people, voter turnout 55.75%). Grodzka was reportedly the only transgender person with ministerial responsibilities in the world since 10 November 2011 (as of 2015).

 Portugal 

The law allows an adult person to change their legal gender without any requirements. Minors aged 16 and 17 are able to do so with parental consent and a psychological opinion, confirming that their decision has been taken freely and without any outside pressure. The law also prohibits both direct and indirect discrimination based on gender identity, gender expression and sex characteristics, and bans non-consensual sex assignment treatment and/or surgical intervention on intersex children.

 Romania 

In Romania it is legal for transgender people to change their first name to reflect their gender identity based on personal choice. Since 1996, it has been possible for someone who has gone through genital reassignment surgery to change their legal gender in order to reflect their post-operative sex. Transgender people then have the right to marry in accordance with their post-operative sex.

 United Kingdom 

The Sex Discrimination Act 1975 made it illegal to discriminate on the ground of anatomical sex in employment, education, and the provision of housing, goods, facilities and services. The Equality Act 2006 introduced the Gender Equality Duty in Scotland, which required public bodies to take seriously the threat of harassment or discrimination against transsexual people in various situations. In 2008 the Sex Discrimination (Amendment of Legislation) Regulations extended existing regulation to outlaw discrimination when providing goods or services to transsexual people. The Equality Act 2010 added "gender reassignment" as a "protected characteristic".The Gender Recognition Act 2004 effectively granted full legal recognition for binary transgender people. In contrast to some systems elsewhere in the world, the gender recognition process under the Act does not require applicants to be post-operative. There must, however, be significant medical explanation as to why an individual has not undergone sex reassignment surgery. They need only demonstrate that they have suffered gender dysphoria, have lived as "your new gender" for two years, and intend to continue doing so until death.

 North America 

 Canada 

Jurisdiction over legal classification of sex in Canada is assigned to the provinces and territories. This includes legal change of gender classification.
On 19 June 2017 Bill C-16, after having passed the legislative process in the House of Commons of Canada and the Senate of Canada, became law upon receiving Royal Assent which put it into immediate force. The law updated the Canadian Human Rights Act and the Criminal Code to include "gender identity and gender expression" as protected grounds from discrimination, hate publications and advocating genocide. The bill also added "gender identity and expression" to the list of aggravating factors in sentencing, where the accused commits a criminal offence against an individual because of those personal characteristics. Similar transgender laws also exist in all the provinces and territories. Conversion therapy is banned in the provinces of Manitoba, Ontario, and Nova Scotia, and the city of Vancouver, though the Nova Scotia law includes a clause which allows "mature minors" between the ages of 16 and 18 to consent.

 Mexico 

Jurisdiction over legal classification of sex in Mexico is assigned to the states and Mexico City. This includes legal change of gender classification.
On 13 March 2004, amendments to the Mexico City Civil Code that allow transgender people to change their gender and name on their birth certificates, took effect.In September 2008, the PRD-controlled Mexico City Legislative Assembly approved a law, in a 37–17 vote, making gender changes easier for transgender people.On 13 November 2014, the Legislative Assembly of Mexico City unanimously (46–0) approved a gender identity law. The law makes it easier for transgender people to change their legal gender. Under the new law, they simply have to notify the Civil Registry that they wish to change the gender information on their birth certificates. Sex reassignment surgery, psychological therapies or any other type of diagnosis are no longer required. The law took effect in early 2015. On 13 July 2017, the Michoacán Congress approved (22–1) a gender identity law. Nayarit approved (23–1) a similar law on 20 July 2017.

 United States 

On 15 June 2020, the Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) ruled in Bostock v. Clayton County that for the purposes of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, discrimination on the basis of transgender status is also discrimination because of sex.
Regardless of the legal sex classification determined by a state or territory, the federal government may make its own determination of sex classification for federally issued documents. For instance, the U.S. Department of State requires a medical certification of "appropriate clinical treatment for transition to the updated gender (male or female)" to amend the gender designation on a U.S. passport, but sex reassignment surgery is not a requirement to obtain a U.S. passport in the updated gender. This leaves transgender Americans subject to inconsistent and often discriminatory regulations when seeking healthcare.

 South America 
South America has some of the most progressive legislation in the world regarding transgender rights. Bolivia and Ecuador are among the few countries worldwide that offer constitutional protection against discrimination based on gender identity. Transgender persons are allowed to change their name and gender on legal documents in a majority of countries. Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Uruguay allow individuals to change their name and gender without undergoing medical treatment, sterilization or judicial permission. In Peru a judicial order is required.

 Argentina 

In 2012 the Argentine Congress passed the Ley de Género (Gender Law), which allows individuals over 18 to change the gender marker in their DNI (national ID) on the basis of a written declaration only. Argentina thus became the first country to adopt a gender recognition policy based entirely on individual autonomy, without any requirement for third party diagnosis, surgeries or obstacles of any type.

 Bolivia 

The Gender Identity law allows individuals over 18 to legally change their name, gender and photography on legal documents.  No surgeries or judicial order are required. The law took effect on 1 August 2016.

 Brazil 

In 1971, Dr. Roberto Farina performed the first male-to-female gender-affirming surgery in Brazil.Changing legal gender assignment in Brazil is legal according to the Superior Court of Justice of Brazil, as stated in a decision rendered on 17 October 2009.And in 2008, Brazil's public health system started providing free sexual reassignment operations in compliance with a court order. Federal prosecutors had argued that sexual reassignment surgery was covered under a constitutional clause guaranteeing medical care as a basic right.Patients must be at least 18 years old and diagnosed as transsexuals with no other personality disorders, and must undergo psychological evaluation with a multidisciplinary team for at least two years, begins with 16 years old. 
The national average is of 100 surgeries per year, according to the Ministry of Health of Brazil.In December 2020, a bill was introduced that defines biological sex as the only factor in determining gender.

 Chile 

Chile bans all discrimination and hate crimes based on gender identity and gender expression. The Gender Identity Law, in effect since 2019, recognizes the right to self-perceived gender identity, allowing people over 14 years to change their name and gender on all official documents without prohibitive requirements. Since 1974, the change of gender had been possible in the country through a judicial process.

 Colombia 

Since 2015, a Colombian person may change their legal gender and name manifesting their solemn will before a notary, no surgeries or judicial order required.

 Ecuador 

Since 2016, Ecuadorians are allowed to change their birth name and gender identity (instead of the sex assigned at birth) on legal documents and national ID cards. The person who wants to change the word "sex" for "gender" in the identity card shall present two witnesses to accredit the self-determination of the applicant.

 Peru 

In Peru transgender persons can change their legal gender and name after complying with certain requirements that may become psychological and psychiatric evaluations, a medical intervention or sex reassignment surgery. A judicial permission is required.
In November 2016, the Constitutional Court of Peru determined that transsexuality is not a pathology and recognized the right to gender identity. However, favorable judicial decisions on gender change have been appealed.

 Uruguay 

Since 2019, transgender people can self-identify their gender and update their legal name, without approval from a judge after the approval of the Comprehensive Law for Trans Persons. The new law creates scholarships for trans people to access education, a monthly pension for transgender people born before 1975 and also requires government services to employ a minimum of 1% of the transgender population. It also now acknowledges the self-identification of non-binary people.In October 2009, lawmakers passed the Gender identity law allowing transgender people over the age of 18 to change their name and legal gender on all official documents. Surgery, diagnosis or hormone therapy were not a requirement but a judicial permission was required.

 Oceania 

 Australia 

Birth certificates are regulated by the states and territories, whereas marriage and passports are matters for federal law. All Australian jurisdictions now recognise the affirmed sex of an individual, with varying requirements. In the landmark case New South Wales Registrar of Births, Deaths and Marriages v Norrie [2014] the High Court of Australia held that the Births Deaths and Marriages Registration Act 1995 (NSW) did not require a person having undergone genital reassignment surgery to identify as either a man or a woman. The ruling permits a gender registration of "non-specific".Passports are issued in the preferred gender, without requiring a change to birth certificates or citizenship certificates.  A letter is needed from a medical practitioner which certifies that the person has had or is receiving appropriate treatment.Australia was the only country in the world to require the involvement and approval of the judiciary (Family Court of Australia) with respect to allowing transgender children access to hormone replacement therapy. This ended in late 2017, when the Family Court issued a landmark ruling establishing that, in cases where there is no dispute between a child, their parents, and their treating doctors, hormone treatment can be prescribed without court permission.

 Fiji 

The Constitution of Fiji which was promulgated in September 2013 includes a provision banning discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity or expression.

 Guam 

Gender changes are legal in Guam. In order for transgender people to change their legal gender in Guam, they must provide the Office of Vital Statistics a sworn statement from a physician that they have undergone sex reassignment surgery. The Office will subsequently amend the birth certificate of the requester.

 New Zealand 

Currently, the Human Rights Act 1993 does not explicitly prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender. Whilst it is believed that gender identity is protected under the laws preventing discrimination on the basis of either sex or sexual orientation, it is not known how this applies to those who have not had, or will not have, gender reassignment surgery.

 Northern Mariana Islands 

Transgender persons in the Northern Mariana Islands may change their legal gender following sex reassignment surgery and a name change. The Vital Statistics Act of 2006, which took effect in March 2007, states that: "Upon receipt of a certified copy of an order of the CNMI Superior Court indicating the sex of an individual born in the CNMI has been changed by surgical procedure and whether such individual's name has been changed, the certificate of birth of such individual shall be amended as prescribed by regulation."

 Samoa 

In Samoa crimes motivated by sexual orientation and/or gender identity are criminalized under Section 7(1)(h) of the Sentencing Act 2016.

 Table and world map of legal status 
Part of the data is provided by Spartacus Gay Travel Index and highlights the legal status of gender identity change and expression.

 See also 
Gender Public Advocacy Coalition—Defunct US advocacy group working to end discrimination and violence caused by gender stereotypes by changing public attitudes, educating elected officials, and expanding human rights
Legal Precedent (2009), Right to change legal names female to male and vice versa for people transgender and intersex by the approval of the 2008 Constitution of Ecuador.
Gender diversity
Legal recognition of non-binary gender
LGBT people in prison
LGBT rights by country or territory—including gender identity/expression
List of transgender-related topics
List of transgender-rights organizations
Transgender asylum seekers
Transgender inequality
Transgender rights movement
Transitioning (transgender)
Yogyakarta Principles
Human rights

 References 
Notes
Footnotes

 Works cited 
Chow, Melinda. (2005). "Smith v. City of Salem: Transgendered Jurisprudence and an Expanding Meaning of Sex Discrimination under Title VII". Harvard Journal of Law & Gender. Vol. 28. Winter. 207.
Currah, Paisley; Juang, Richard M.; Minter, Shannon Price, eds. (2006). Transgender Rights. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press. Archived from the original on 16 July 2011. Retrieved 29 August 2015.
Sellers, Mitchell D. (2011). "Discrimination and the Transgender Population: A Description of Local Government Policies that Protect Gender Identity or Expression". Paper 360. Applied Research Projects, Texas State University-San Marcos. Archived from the original on 11 March 2012. Retrieved 1 August 2017.
Hoston, William (14 June 2018). Toxic Silence. Peter Lang Publishing. ISBN 9781433155994.

Federal Correctional Institution, Elkton
The Federal Correctional Institution, Elkton (FCI Elkton) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates near Elkton, Ohio. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also has an adjacent satellite prison camp that houses low and minimum-security male inmates.
It is located in Elkrun Township, Columbiana County.FCI Elkton is located in central Columbiana County, Ohio and is 45 miles northwest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

 Notable incidents 
In 2010, a federal grand jury in Cleveland, Ohio, charged FCI Elkton inmate William J. Platz, age 61, with drawing and distributing visual depictions of minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct to another inmate between August 2007 and April 2008. Platz was already serving an 11-year sentence for a child pornography conviction in 2000 and was a co-conspirator with Eric Rosser. Rosser was an FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitive until his capture in 2001. Platz subsequently pleaded guilty and was sentenced to additional prison time, which he served at the Federal Correctional Institution, Seagoville, a low-security facility in Texas. He was released in 2016.

 Notable inmates (current and former) 

 See also 
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States

 References 

Daniel Willis
Daniel Willis (born 8 April 1954, in Herberton) [1] is an Australian clergyman, having spent most of his adult life in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney. In 2012 Willis formed Leading Global Impact, an organisation dedicated to leadership development amongst top leaders who are thinking nationally or internationally. He was appointed CEO of Bible Society NSW [2] (October 2001) and lead the organisation through significant change until July 2010. He was also appointed to the position of International Deputy Director for the South Pacific Region [3] (Oceania) of the Lausanne Movement [4] in 2004. Since moving to Sydney Sydney in 1972 he has had an extensive career both in business and ministry.

 Early education and early years 
Willis, who already held a Bachelor of Business, studied theology at Moore Theological College, graduating in 1987 with a Bachelor of Theology from the Australian College of Theology and the college's own Diploma of Arts in Ministry. He also holds a Master of Education in Religious Education from the University of South Australia.
In his earlier life Willis worked for Arnott's Biscuits exporting product throughout the Asia Pacific and the Middle East. On leaving Arnott's he studied Information Technology and worked for Blue Metal Industries, now owned by Boral and before entering Moore College spent 2 years at United Data Centre.

 Ministry years 
Willis was ordained a Deacon in Sydney's St Andrew's Cathedral by Archbishop Donald Robinson in 1988 and in December of the same year ordained a Priest in Wollongong's St Michael's Cathedral Church [5] by Bishop Harry Goodhew, who later became Archbishop of Sydney. He served in parish churches of St Phillip's Caringbah [6], St Albans Frenchs Forest [7] and the Cathedral Church of St Andrew [8].
In 2001, Willis moved from pastoral ministry to become the chief executive officer of Bible Society NSW. Under his leadership the Society saw significant change including moving from its city building to its present location at Macquarie Park and converting from a statutory body under a 1927 Act of the New South Wales Parliament to a company limited by guarantee under the Corporations Act (2001) in October 2008.
The Board of Bible Society Western Australia enlisted his help from February 2005 to 2007 to assist them with the management and reshaping of their organisation.
In 2009, the Jesus. All About Life Project, developed in 2004 and run in Adelaide 2005, Canberra 2006, and in Tasmania 2007, ran across NSW and Western Australia. The project brought together 15 denominations and some 1700 churches to work together in utilizing various forms of media to engage people in a discussion about the relevance of Jesus Christ to everyday life. 
Willis was a significant driving force in leading the seven independent Bible Societies across Australia to form a single, national company. Members of each Society voted unanimously for the formation of a single corporation in September 2009 [9]. 
In 2010 Willis led the South Pacific delegation to Lausanne's Third Congress on World Evangelization in Cape Town, South Africa [10]. His involvement with the Lausanne Movement continues to keep his passion for world evangelization at the forefront of his thinking. He has travelled and taught in over 50 countries to mentor and develop top emerging young leaders.
In 2017 Willis was asked to organise GAFCON III to be convened in Jerusalem in 2018. The global conference brought together just under 2,000 faithful Anglicans from over 70 countries and was described as the largest representative gathering of Anglicans to have ever been held. In 2020 he was asked to take on the role of Global Operations Manager, supporting the General Secretary, Archbishop Ben Kwashi in giving leadership to the global movement.

 Boards and Committees 
Prior to joining the Bible Society Daniel worked in parish ministry in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney. His last pastoral ministry position was at St Andrew's Cathedral (February 1997 to October 2001)[11] Archived 28 April 2021 at the Wayback Machine with responsibility for the Cathedral congregation and Cross Talk, a ministry to the city's business community. The Cathedral underwent major restoration work during this time [12]
For the past 38 years he has worked in parish and Bible ministry and is actively involved in mentoring a number of younger leaders across the world. Holding degrees in business, theology and education, Daniel has served as a director with a number of businesses and Christian organisations. He was founding Director and Chairman of the Australian Christian Heritage Foundation, and was on the Advisory Council of the Australian Christian Lobby.  [13]

 References 

 External links 
Australian Christian Heritage Foundation
Lausanne Movement
Australian Christian Lobby

Ellie Mason
Ellie Leigh Mason (born 16 February 1996) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Birmingham City of the FA Women's Championship. Born in England, she represents Northern Ireland at international level.

 Club career 
Mason began her career in Watford's youth teams. After moving on to Chelsea, she appeared 23 times for the club's development team, scoring six goals. Nineteen-year-old Mason returned to Watford in April 2015, after four years with Chelsea. In 2015, she was Watford's top-goalscorer with five goals and won the club's Goal of the Season award for a strike against Aston Villa. She scored three goals in 14 appearances in the 2016 season, then signed for Millwall Lionesses in February 2017.
After spending the FA WSL Spring Series and 2017–18 season with Millwall Lionesses, Mason signed a full-time professional contract with Yeovil Town in August 2018.At Yeovil Town Mason converted to playing as a defender, but the club finished a distant last in the 2018–19 FA WSL after a series of hurtful on-field drubbings and a 10-point penalty imposed for insolvency. Yeovil were then kicked out of the top two Leagues when The FA rejected their purported business plan.Mason then joined new FA Women's Championship club London City Lionesses, where she was appointed club captain. However, after being released by the club in 2021, she signed for Lewes on 28 July.Mason was with Lewes as they joined the last eight clubs in the Women's FA Cup. During a match against Chelsea she scored for goals. Mason signed a two year contract with Birmingham City Women in July 2023.

 International career 
Mason was eligible to represent England, Gibraltar and Northern Ireland at international level. She received her first international callup for Gibraltar in February 2022. In August 2022, she was called up to the Northern Ireland after switching her international allegiance from Gibraltar.

 Career statistics 

 International 
As of 14 June 2023

 References 

 External links 
Ellie Mason at Soccerway
Ellie Mason on Twitter

Steven Yeun
Yeun Sang-yeop (Korean: 연상엽; born  December 21, 1983), known professionally as Steven Yeun (), is an American actor. Yeun initially rose to prominence for playing Glenn Rhee in the television series The Walking Dead (2010–2016). He earned critical acclaim for starring in the thriller Burning (2018) and drama Minari (2020). The latter earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor, becoming the first Asian American actor to do so. Time magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2021. In 2023, he starred in the dark comedy series Beef (2023), for which he won two Primetime Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award.
Yeun has also appeared in the films Okja (2017), Sorry to Bother You (2018), The Humans (2021) and Nope (2022). He has also voiced main characters in television series such as Voltron: Legendary Defender (2016–2018), Tales of Arcadia (2016–2021), Stretch Armstrong and the Flex Fighters (2017–2018), Final Space (2018–2021), Tuca & Bertie (2019–2022), and Invincible (2021–present).

 Early life 
Yeun was born in Seoul on December 21, 1983, to Je and June Yeun. His father was an architect in South Korea before moving his family in 1988 to Canada, where they lived in Regina, Saskatchewan. In Regina, he attended Ruth M. Buck Elementary School. He has a younger brother named Brian. The family later moved to the U.S. and settled in Taylor, Michigan, and then Troy, Michigan, where Yeun lived until he graduated from Troy High School in 2001. Growing up, Yeun's family spoke Korean at home.Yeun was raised in a Christian household. His parents, who owned beauty-supply stores in Detroit, began calling him "Steven" after meeting a doctor by that name. He received a bachelor's degree in psychology with a concentration in neuroscience from Kalamazoo College in 2005. At Kalamazoo, he befriended the sister of comedian Jordan Klepper and she took him to see Klepper's improv show, which inspired him to take his first acting class and later follow Klepper to Chicago, where they joined The Second City.

 Career 

 Early career 
Yeun revealed to his parents that he planned to pursue an improv career in Chicago instead of enrolling in law school or medical school. His parents were unhappy with the decision, but supported him nonetheless and gave him two years to pursue acting. He moved to Chicago in 2005, living in the city's Lincoln Square with his brother. Shortly after graduation, he joined Stir Friday Night, a Chicago-based Asian American sketch comedy troupe. Other alumni of the group include Danny Pudi, known for his role in Community. He joined The Second City in Chicago before moving to Los Angeles in October 2009.

 The Walking Dead 
Yeun's breakout role was the starring role of Glenn Rhee on The Walking Dead, an AMC television horror drama based on the comic book series of the same name. The series, which began in 2010, involves a group of characters who fight to survive in a violent apocalyptic world infested with flesh-eating zombies. The Walking Dead became the highest-rated series in cable television history, and seasons three through six of the show garnered the most 18 to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series. The series has received mostly positive reviews from professional television critics. Per Variety, Yeun was "a major part" of the show's success; his character developed "from a plucky young member of the show's central group to a bona fide action hero and sex symbol". Yeun left the show in 2016 after the season 7 premiere.

 Films 
In March 2016, Yeun was cast in Joe Lynch's action horror film Mayhem. The film was released in theaters on November 10, 2017. In April 2016, Yeun was cast in Bong Joon-ho's action-adventure film Okja. The film competed for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival. It was released on Netflix on June 28, 2017. Yeun also provided the voice of Bo in 2017's The Star.
Yeun co-starred in Boots Riley's dark comedy Sorry to Bother You, alongside Lakeith Stanfield, Armie Hammer and Tessa Thompson, which was released in theaters on July 6, 2018. The film had its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2018. It additionally won The 2019 National Board of Review's Top Ten Independent Films award, as well as Best Screenplay and Best First Feature at the 2019 Independent Spirit Awards.In late 2018, Yeun played Ben in the South Korean mystery drama film Burning, directed by Lee Chang-dong. The film was first unveiled at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival. His performance in the film was acclaimed. Yeun won Best Supporting Actor at the 2018 Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards, Toronto Film Critics Association Awards 2018, Florida Film Critics Circle Awards 2018, and 2018 National Society of Film Critics Awards.
In 2020, Yeun starred in and served as an executive producer for Lee Isaac Chung's A24 immigrant drama Minari, which also includes Youn Yuh-jung, Han Ye-ri, Alan Kim, Noel Kate Cho, Will Patton and Scott Haze among the cast. The film is about a Korean immigrant family becoming farmers in Arkansas; Yeun included his own immigrant experience in his acting. The film had its world premiere and won two top awards at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2020. Yeun received an Academy Award for Best Actor nomination for Minari. He also became the first Asian-American actor to be nominated at the Screen Actors Guild for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role.In 2021, he was included in the Time 100, Time's annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world. In 2021, he co-starred alongside Jayne Houdyshell, Richard Jenkins and Amy Schumer, in Stephen Karam's award-winning one-act play adaptation The Humans. In 2022, he co-starred alongside Daniel Kaluuya and Keke Palmer in Jordan Peele's science fiction horror film Nope, as Ricky "Jupe" Park, the owner of the fictional theme park Jupiter's Claim.In February 2023, it was announced that Yeun would star in Thunderbolts as Robert Reynolds / Sentry. In early 2024, it was reported that Yeun dropped out of the project due to scheduling conflicts caused by the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.

 Other television work 
Yeun does voice acting in both animated television series and films. Some of these roles include Avatar Wan in the second season of The Legend of Korra, Steve Palchuk in Trollhunters and 3Below, Keith in Voltron: Legendary Defender, Nathan Park/Wingspan in Stretch Armstrong and the Flex Fighters, Little Cato in Final Space, and Speckle in Tuca & Bertie.
It was later revealed that Yeun's role as Steve Palchuk would continue into Wizards, the third series of the Tales of Arcadia trilogy. The first season of 3Below was released on Netflix on December 21, 2018, and the second and final season was released on July 12, 2019.
In late 2018, Yeun landed a main role in an episode of Jordan Peele's revival of The Twilight Zone. He currently voices the title protagonist Mark Grayson in the animated superhero series Invincible, adapting Robert Kirkman's comic book series, which is released on Amazon Prime in March 2021.In 2023, Yeun starred opposite Ali Wong in the Netflix dark comedy series Beef, for which he also served as executive producer. For his performance, he won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. He is the first person of Asian descent to win the Golden Globe Award in the category of best actor.

 Personal life 
Yeun married photographer Joana Pak on December 3, 2016. They reside in Los Angeles and have two children together.He is a longtime fan of the Detroit Pistons and Detroit Red Wings, and endorsed Andrew Yang for president in the 2020 U.S. election.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Music videos 

 Video games 

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 

Steven Yeun at IMDb
Steven Yeun on Twitter

George VI
George VI (Albert Frederick Arthur George; 14 December 1895 – 6 February 1952) was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death on 6 February 1952. He was also the last Emperor of India from 1936 until the British Raj was dissolved in August 1947, and the first head of the Commonwealth following the London Declaration of 1949.
The future George VI was born during the reign of his great-grandmother Queen Victoria; he was named Albert at birth after his great-grandfather Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and was known as "Bertie" to his family and close friends. His father ascended the throne as George V in 1910. As the second son of the king, Albert was not expected to inherit the throne. He spent his early life in the shadow of his elder brother, Edward, the heir apparent. Albert attended naval college as a teenager and served in the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force during the First World War. In 1920, he was made Duke of York. He married Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon in 1923, and they had two daughters, Elizabeth and Margaret. In the mid-1920s, he engaged speech therapist Lionel Logue to treat his stutter, which he learned to manage to some degree. His elder brother ascended the throne as Edward VIII after their father died in 1936, but Edward abdicated later that year to marry the twice-divorced American socialite Wallis Simpson. As heir presumptive to Edward VIII, Albert became king, taking the regnal name George VI.
In September 1939, the British Empire and most Commonwealth countries—but not Ireland—declared war on Nazi Germany, following the invasion of Poland. War with the Kingdom of Italy and the Empire of Japan followed in 1940 and 1941, respectively. George VI was seen as sharing the hardships of the common people and his popularity soared. Buckingham Palace was bombed during the Blitz while the King and Queen were there, and his younger brother the Duke of Kent was killed on active service. George became known as a symbol of British determination to win the war. Britain and its allies were victorious in 1945, but the British Empire declined. Ireland had largely broken away, followed by the independence of India and Pakistan in 1947. George relinquished the title of Emperor of India in June 1948 and instead adopted the new title of Head of the Commonwealth. He was beset by smoking-related health problems in the later years of his reign and died at Sandringham House, aged 56, of a coronary thrombosis in 1952. He was succeeded by his elder daughter, Elizabeth II.

 Early life 
Albert was born at York Cottage, on the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, during the reign of his great-grandmother Queen Victoria. His father was Prince George, Duke of York (later King George V), the second and only surviving son of the Prince and Princess of Wales (later King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra). His mother, the Duchess of York (later Queen Mary), was the eldest child and only daughter of Francis, Duke of Teck, and Princess Mary Adelaide, Duchess of Teck. His birthday, 14 December 1895, was the 34th anniversary of the death of his great-grandfather Albert, Prince Consort. Uncertain of how the Prince Consort's widow, Queen Victoria, would take the news of the birth, the Prince of Wales wrote to the Duke of York that the Queen had been "rather distressed". Two days later, he wrote again: "I really think it would gratify her if you yourself proposed the name Albert to her."The Queen was mollified by the proposal to name the new baby Albert, and wrote to the Duchess of York: "I am all impatience to see the new one, born on such a sad day but rather more dear to me, especially as he will be called by that dear name which is a byword for all that is great and good." Consequently, he was baptised "Albert Frederick Arthur George" at St Mary Magdalene Church, Sandringham on 17 February 1896. Formally he was His Highness Prince Albert of York; within the royal family he was known informally as "Bertie". The Duchess of Teck did not like the first name her grandson had been given, and she wrote prophetically that she hoped the last name "may supplant the less favoured one". Albert was fourth in line to the throne at birth, after his grandfather, father and elder brother, Edward.
Albert was ill often and was described as "easily frightened and somewhat prone to tears". His parents were generally removed from their children's day-to-day upbringing, as was the norm in aristocratic families of that era. He had a stutter that lasted for many years. Although naturally left-handed, he was forced to write with his right hand, as was common practice at the time. He had chronic stomach problems as well as knock knees, for which he was forced to wear painful corrective splints.Queen Victoria died on 22 January 1901, and the Prince of Wales succeeded her as King Edward VII. Prince Albert moved up to third in line to the throne, after his father and elder brother.

 Military career and education 
Beginning in 1909, Albert attended the Royal Naval College, Osborne, as a naval cadet. In 1911 he came bottom of the class in the final examination, but despite this he progressed to the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth. When his grandfather Edward VII died in 1910, his father became King George V. Prince Edward became Prince of Wales, with Albert second in line to the throne.Albert spent the first six months of 1913 on the training ship HMS Cumberland in the West Indies and on the east coast of Canada. He was rated as a midshipman aboard HMS Collingwood on 15 September 1913. He spent three months in the Mediterranean, but never overcame his seasickness. Three weeks after the outbreak of World War I he was medically evacuated from the ship to Aberdeen, where his appendix was removed by Sir John Marnoch. He was mentioned in dispatches for his actions as a turret officer aboard Collingwood in the Battle of Jutland (31 May – 1 June 1916), the great naval battle of the war. He did not see further combat, largely because of ill health caused by a duodenal ulcer, for which he had an operation in November 1917.In February 1918 Albert was appointed Officer in Charge of Boys at the Royal Naval Air Service's training establishment at Cranwell. With the establishment of the Royal Air Force Albert transferred from the Royal Navy to the Royal Air Force. He served as Officer Commanding Number 4 Squadron of the Boys' Wing at Cranwell until August 1918, before reporting for duty on the staff of the RAF's Cadet Brigade at St Leonards-on-Sea and then at Shorncliffe. He completed a fortnight's training and took command of a squadron on the Cadet Wing. He was the first member of the British royal family to be certified as a fully qualified pilot.Albert wanted to serve on the Continent while the war was still in progress and welcomed a posting to General Trenchard's staff in France. On 23 October, he flew across the Channel to Autigny. For the closing weeks of the war, he served on the staff of the RAF's Independent Air Force at its headquarters in Nancy, France. Following the disbanding of the Independent Air Force in November 1918, he remained on the Continent for two months as an RAF staff officer until posted back to Britain. He accompanied King Albert I of Belgium on his triumphal re-entry into Brussels on 22 November. Prince Albert qualified as an RAF pilot on 31 July 1919 and was promoted to squadron leader the following day.In October 1919, Albert attended Trinity College, Cambridge, where he studied history, economics and civics for a year, with the historian R. V. Laurence as his "official mentor". On 4 June 1920 his father created him Duke of York, Earl of Inverness and Baron Killarney. He began to take on more royal duties. He represented his father and toured coal mines, factories, and railyards. Through such visits he acquired the nickname of the "Industrial Prince". His stutter, and his embarrassment over it, together with a tendency to shyness, caused him to appear less confident in public than his older brother, Edward. However, he was physically active and enjoyed playing tennis. He played at Wimbledon in the Men's Doubles with Louis Greig in 1926, losing in the first round. He developed an interest in working conditions, and was president of the Industrial Welfare Society. His series of annual summer camps for boys between 1921 and 1939 brought together boys from different social backgrounds.

 Marriage 

In a time when royalty were expected to marry fellow royalty, it was unusual that Albert had a great deal of freedom in choosing a prospective wife. An infatuation with the already-married Australian socialite Lady Loughborough came to an end in April 1920 when the King, with the promise of the dukedom of York, persuaded Albert to stop seeing her. That year, he met for the first time since childhood Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, the youngest daughter of the Earl and Countess of Strathmore. He became determined to marry her. Elizabeth rejected his proposal twice, in 1921 and 1922, reportedly because she was reluctant to make the sacrifices necessary to become a member of the royal family. In the words of Lady Strathmore, Albert would be "made or marred" by his choice of wife. After a protracted courtship, Elizabeth agreed to marry him.Albert and Elizabeth were married on 26 April 1923 in Westminster Abbey. Albert's marriage to someone not of royal birth was considered a modernising gesture. The newly formed British Broadcasting Company wished to record and broadcast the event on radio, but the Abbey Chapter vetoed the idea (although the Dean, Herbert Edward Ryle, was in favour).
From December 1924 to April 1925, the Duke and Duchess toured Kenya, Uganda, and the Sudan, travelling via the Suez Canal and Aden. During the trip, they both went big-game hunting.Because of his stutter, Albert dreaded public speaking. After his closing speech at the British Empire Exhibition at Wembley on 31 October 1925, one which was an ordeal for both him and his listeners, he began to see Lionel Logue, an Australian-born speech therapist. The Duke and Logue practised breathing exercises, and the Duchess rehearsed with him patiently. Subsequently, he was able to speak with less hesitation. With his delivery improved, Albert opened the new Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, during a tour of the empire with the Duchess in 1927. Their journey by sea to Australia, New Zealand and Fiji took them via Jamaica, where Albert played doubles tennis partnered with a black man, Bertrand Clark, which was unusual at the time and taken locally as a display of equality between races.The Duke and Duchess had two children: Elizabeth (called "Lilibet" by the family, and the future Elizabeth II) who was born in 1926, and Margaret who was born in 1930. The close family lived at White Lodge, Richmond Park, and then at 145 Piccadilly, rather than one of the royal palaces. In 1931, the Canadian prime minister, R. B. Bennett, considered Albert for Governor General of Canada—a proposal that King George V rejected on the advice of the Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs, J. H. Thomas.

 Reign 

 Reluctant king 

King George V had severe reservations about Prince Edward, saying "After I am dead, the boy will ruin himself in twelve months" and "I pray God that my eldest son will never marry and that nothing will come between Bertie and Lilibet and the throne." On 20 January 1936, George V died and Edward ascended the throne as King Edward VIII. In the Vigil of the Princes, Prince Albert and his three brothers (the new king, Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, and Prince George, Duke of Kent) took a shift standing guard over their father's body as it lay in state, in a closed casket, in Westminster Hall.
As Edward was unmarried and had no children, Albert was the heir presumptive to the throne. Less than a year later, on 11 December 1936, Edward abdicated in order to marry Wallis Simpson, who was divorced from her first husband and divorcing her second. Edward had been advised by British prime minister Stanley Baldwin that he could not remain king and marry a divorced woman with two living ex-husbands. He abdicated and Albert, though he had been reluctant to accept the throne, became king. The day before the abdication, Albert went to London to see his mother, Queen Mary. He wrote in his diary, "When I told her what had happened, I broke down and sobbed like a child."On the day of Edward's abdication, the Oireachtas, the parliament of the Irish Free State, removed all direct mention of the monarch from the Irish constitution. The next day, it passed the External Relations Act, which gave the monarch limited authority (strictly on the advice of the government) to appoint diplomatic representatives for Ireland and to be involved in the making of foreign treaties. The two acts made the Irish Free State a republic in essence without removing its links to the Commonwealth.Across Britain, gossip spread that Albert was physically and psychologically incapable of being king. No evidence has been found to support the contemporaneous rumour that the government considered bypassing him, his children and his brother Prince Henry, in favour of their younger brother Prince George, Duke of Kent. This seems to have been suggested on the grounds that Prince George was at that time the only brother with a son.

 Early reign 
Albert assumed the regnal name "George VI" to emphasise continuity with his father and restore confidence in the monarchy. The beginning of George VI's reign was taken up by questions surrounding his predecessor and brother, whose titles, style and position were uncertain. He had been introduced as "His Royal Highness Prince Edward" for the abdication broadcast, but George VI felt that by abdicating and renouncing the succession, Edward had lost the right to bear royal titles, including "Royal Highness". In settling the issue, George's first act as king was to confer upon his brother the title "Duke of Windsor" with the style "Royal Highness", but the letters patent creating the dukedom prevented any wife or children from bearing royal styles. George VI was forced to buy from Edward the royal residences of Balmoral Castle and Sandringham House, as these were private properties and did not pass to him automatically. Three days after his accession, on his 41st birthday, he invested his wife, the new queen consort, with the Order of the Garter.
George VI's coronation at Westminster Abbey took place on 12 May 1937, the date previously intended for Edward's coronation. In a break with tradition, Queen Mary attended the ceremony in a show of support for her son. There was no Durbar held in Delhi for George VI, as had occurred for his father, as the cost would have been a burden to the Government of India. Rising Indian nationalism made the welcome that the royal party would have received likely to be muted at best, and a prolonged absence from Britain would have been undesirable in the tense period before the Second World War. Two overseas tours were undertaken, to France and to North America, both of which promised greater strategic advantages in the event of war.The growing likelihood of war in Europe dominated the early reign of George VI. The King was constitutionally bound to support British prime minister Neville Chamberlain's appeasement of Hitler. When the King and Queen greeted Chamberlain on his return from negotiating the Munich Agreement in 1938, they invited him to appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace with them. This public association of the monarchy with a politician was exceptional, as balcony appearances were traditionally restricted to the royal family. While broadly popular among the general public, Chamberlain's policy towards Hitler was the subject of some opposition in the House of Commons, which led historian and politician John Grigg to describe George's behaviour in associating himself so prominently with a politician as "the most unconstitutional act by a British sovereign in the present century".
In May and June 1939, the King and Queen toured Canada and the United States; it was the first visit of a reigning British monarch to North America, although George had been to Canada prior to his accession. From Ottawa, George and Elizabeth were accompanied by Canadian prime minister Mackenzie King, to present themselves in North America as King and Queen of Canada. Both Mackenzie King and the Canadian governor general, Lord Tweedsmuir, hoped that George's presence in Canada would demonstrate the principles of the Statute of Westminster 1931, which gave full sovereignty to the British Dominions. On 19 May, George personally accepted and approved the Letter of Credence of the new U.S. ambassador to Canada, Daniel Calhoun Roper; gave royal assent to nine parliamentary bills; and ratified two   international treaties with the Great Seal of Canada. The official royal tour historian, Gustave Lanctot, wrote "the Statute of Westminster had assumed full reality" and George gave a speech emphasising "the free and equal association of the nations of the Commonwealth".The trip was intended to soften the strong isolationist tendencies among the North American public with regard to the developing tensions in Europe. Although the aim of the tour was mainly political, to shore up Atlantic support for the United Kingdom in any future war, the King and Queen were enthusiastically received by the public. The fear that George would be compared unfavourably to his predecessor was dispelled. They visited the 1939 New York World's Fair and stayed with President Franklin D. Roosevelt at the White House and at his private estate at Hyde Park, New York. A strong bond of friendship was forged between Roosevelt and the royal couple during the tour, which had major significance in the relations between the United States and the United Kingdom through the ensuing war years.

 Second World War 
Following the German invasion of Poland in September 1939, the United Kingdom and the self-governing Dominions other than Ireland declared war on Nazi Germany. The King and Queen resolved to stay in London, despite German bombing raids. They officially stayed in Buckingham Palace throughout the war, although they usually spent nights at Windsor Castle. The first night of the Blitz on London, on 7 September 1940, killed about one thousand civilians, mostly in the East End. On 13 September, the couple narrowly avoided death when two German bombs exploded in a courtyard at Buckingham Palace while they were there. In defiance, Elizabeth declared: "I am glad we have been bombed. It makes me feel we can look the East End in the face." The royal family were portrayed as sharing the same dangers and deprivations as the rest of the country. They were subject to British rationing restrictions, and U.S. First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt remarked on the rationed food served and the limited bathwater that was permitted during a stay at the unheated and boarded-up Palace. In August 1942, the King's brother, the Duke of Kent, was killed on active service.
In 1940, Winston Churchill replaced Neville Chamberlain as prime minister, though personally George would have preferred to appoint Lord Halifax. After the King's initial dismay over Churchill's appointment of Lord Beaverbrook to the Cabinet, he and Churchill developed "the closest personal relationship in modern British history between a monarch and a Prime Minister". Every Tuesday for four and a half years from September 1940, the two men met privately for lunch to discuss the war in secret and with frankness. George related much of what the two discussed in his diary, which is the only extant first-hand account of these conversations.Throughout the war, George and Elizabeth provided morale-boosting visits throughout the United Kingdom, visiting bomb sites, munitions factories, and troops. George visited military forces abroad in France in December 1939, North Africa and Malta in June 1943, Normandy in June 1944, southern Italy in July 1944, and the Low Countries in October 1944. Their high public profile and apparently indefatigable determination secured their place as symbols of national resistance. At a social function in 1944, the Chief of the Imperial General Staff, Field Marshal Alan Brooke, revealed that every time he met Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, he thought Montgomery was after his job. George replied: "You should worry, when I meet him, I always think he's after mine!"In 1945, crowds shouted "We want the King!" in front of Buckingham Palace during the Victory in Europe Day celebrations. In an echo of Chamberlain's appearance, the King invited Churchill to appear with the royal family on the balcony to public acclaim. In January 1946, George addressed the United Nations at its first assembly, which was held in London, and reaffirmed "our faith in the equal rights of men and women and of nations great and small".

 Empire to Commonwealth 
George VI's reign saw the acceleration of the dissolution of the British Empire. The Statute of Westminster 1931 had already acknowledged the evolution of the Dominions into separate sovereign states. The process of transformation from an empire to a voluntary association of independent states, known as the Commonwealth, gathered pace after the Second World War. During the ministry of Clement Attlee, British India became the two independent Dominions of India and Pakistan in August 1947. George relinquished the title of Emperor of India, and became King of India and King of Pakistan instead. In late April 1949, the Commonwealth leaders issued the London Declaration, which laid the foundation of the modern Commonwealth and recognised George as Head of the Commonwealth. In January 1950, he ceased to be King of India when it became a republic. He remained King of Pakistan until his death. Other countries left the Commonwealth, such as Burma in January 1948, Palestine (divided between Israel and the Arab states) in May 1948 and the Republic of Ireland in 1949.In 1947, George and his family toured southern Africa. The prime minister of the Union of South Africa, Jan Smuts, was facing an election and hoped to make political capital out of the visit. George was appalled, however, when instructed by the South African government to shake hands only with whites, and referred to his South African bodyguards as "the Gestapo". Despite the tour, Smuts lost the election the following year, and the new government instituted a strict policy of racial segregation.

 Illness and death 

The stress of the war had taken its toll on George's health, made worse by his heavy smoking, and subsequent development of lung cancer among other ailments, including arteriosclerosis and Buerger's disease. A planned tour of Australia and New Zealand was postponed after George developed an arterial blockage in his right leg, which threatened the loss of the leg and was treated with a right lumbar sympathectomy in March 1949. His elder daughter and heir presumptive, Elizabeth, took on more royal duties as her father's health deteriorated. The delayed tour was re-organised, with Princess Elizabeth and her husband, Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, taking the place of the King and Queen.
George was well enough to open the Festival of Britain in May 1951, but on 4 June it was announced that he would need immediate and complete rest for the next four weeks, despite the arrival of Haakon VII of Norway the following afternoon for an official visit. On 23 September 1951, he underwent a surgical operation where his entire left lung was removed by Clement Price Thomas after a malignant tumour was found. In October 1951, Elizabeth and Philip went on a month-long tour of Canada; the trip had been delayed for a week due to George's illness. At the State Opening of Parliament in November, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Simonds, read the King's speech from the throne. The King's Christmas broadcast of 1951 was recorded in sections, and then edited together.On 31 January 1952, despite advice from those close to him, George went to London Airport to see Elizabeth and Philip off on their tour to Australia via Kenya. It was his last public appearance. Six days later, at 07:30 GMT on the morning of 6 February, he was found dead in bed at Sandringham House in Norfolk. He had died in the night from a coronary thrombosis at the age of 56. His daughter flew back to Britain from Kenya as Queen Elizabeth II.From 9 February George's coffin rested in St Mary Magdalene Church, Sandringham, before lying in state at Westminster Hall from 11 February. His funeral took place at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, on the 15th. He was interred initially in the Royal Vault until he was transferred to the King George VI Memorial Chapel inside St George's on 26 March 1969. In 2002, fifty years after his death, the remains of his widow, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, and the ashes of his younger daughter, Princess Margaret, who both died that year, were interred in the chapel alongside him. In 2022, the remains of Queen Elizabeth II and her husband, Prince Philip, were also interred in the chapel.

 Legacy 

In the words of Labour Member of Parliament (MP) George Hardie, the abdication crisis of 1936 did "more for republicanism than fifty years of propaganda". George VI wrote to his brother Edward that in the aftermath of the abdication he had reluctantly assumed "a rocking throne" and tried "to make it steady again". He became king at a point when public faith in the monarchy was at a low ebb. During his reign, his people endured the hardships of war, and imperial power was eroded. However, as a dutiful family man and by showing personal courage, he succeeded in restoring the popularity of the monarchy.The George Cross and the George Medal were founded at the King's suggestion during the Second World War to recognise acts of exceptional civilian bravery. He bestowed the George Cross on the entire "island fortress of Malta" in 1943. He was posthumously awarded the Order of Liberation by the French government in 1960, one of only two people (the other being Churchill in 1958) to be awarded the medal after 1946.Colin Firth won an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance as George VI in the 2010 film The King's Speech.

 Titles, honours and arms 

As Duke of York, Albert bore the royal arms of the United Kingdom differenced with a label of three points argent, the centre point bearing an anchor azure—a difference earlier awarded to his father, George V, when he was Duke of York, and then later awarded to his grandson Prince Andrew, Duke of York. As king, he bore the royal arms undifferenced.

 Issue 

 Ancestry 

 Notes 

 References 

 Citations 

 General and cited sources 
Bradford, Sarah (1989). King George VI. London: Weidenfeld and Nicolson. ISBN 978-0-297-79667-1.
Howarth, Patrick (1987). George VI. Hutchinson. ISBN 978-0-09-171000-2.
Judd, Denis (1982). King George VI. London: Michael Joseph. ISBN 978-0-7181-2184-6.
Matthew, H. C. G. (2004). "George VI (1895–1952)". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (online ed.). Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/ref:odnb/33370. (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)
Rhodes James, Robert (1998). A Spirit Undaunted: The Political Role of George VI. London: Little, Brown and Co. ISBN 978-0-316-64765-6.
Shawcross, William (2009). Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother: The Official Biography. Macmillan. ISBN 978-1-4050-4859-0.
Sinclair, David (1988). Two Georges: The Making of the Modern Monarchy. Hodder and Stoughton. ISBN 978-0-340-33240-5.
Townsend, Peter (1975). The Last Emperor. London: Weidenfeld and Nicolson. ISBN 978-0-297-77031-2.
Vickers, Hugo (2006). Elizabeth: The Queen Mother. Arrow Books/Random House. ISBN 978-0-09-947662-7.
Wheeler-Bennett, Sir John (1958). King George VI: His Life and Reign. New York: St Martin's Press.
Weir, Alison (1996). Britain's Royal Families: The Complete Genealogy, Revised Edition. London: Random House. ISBN 978-0-7126-7448-5.
Windsor, The Duke of (1951). A King's Story. London: Cassell & Co Ltd.
Ziegler, Philip (1990). King Edward VIII: The Official Biography. London: Collins. ISBN 978-0-00-215741-4.

 External links 

George VI at the website of the Royal Family
George VI at the website of the Royal Collection Trust
Footage of King George VI stammering in a 1938 speech on YouTube
Soundtrack of King George VI Coronation speech in 1937 on YouTube
Portraits of King George VI at the National Portrait Gallery, London 
Newspaper clippings about George VI in the 20th Century Press Archives of the ZBW

List of The Fairly OddParents episodes
The Fairly OddParents is an American animated television series created by Butch Hartman for Nickelodeon. The series follows the adventures of Timmy Turner, a 10-year-old boy who is neglected by his parents and abused by his babysitter, Vicky. One day, he is granted two fairy godparents named Cosmo and Wanda who grant him his every wish to improve his miserable life. However, these wishes usually backfire and cause a series of problems that Timmy must fix.
Prior to the creation of The Fairly OddParents, Hartman was working at Cartoon Network on Dexter's Laboratory and Johnny Bravo. The series is based on a series of Frederator's Oh Yeah! Cartoons, beginning with the short "The Fairly OddParents!". From 1998 until 2001, the Oh Yeah! Cartoons series aired ten Fairly OddParents shorts with a run time of seven and a half minutes each. The show's success has spanned three Jimmy Timmy Power Hour crossover movies and three full-length live-action films. Notable television films include "Abra-Catastrophe!", which aired in 2003, and "Channel Chasers", which aired a year later in 2004. The latest live-action film, A Fairly Odd Summer was released in 2014. The first eight seasons, with the help of Amazon, were released on DVD in 2012. After a year-long hiatus, the series returned in 2013 with its ninth season, which began airing on March 23, 2013 with the half-hour special "Fairly OddPet".
On August 17, 2015, a tenth season was officially announced, and it introduced another new character named Chloe Carmichael, Timmy's new neighbor who also has Cosmo and Wanda as her fairy godparents due to a fairy shortage. On December 30, 2015, Nickelodeon's Twitter posted the new character's picture, and the Season 10 premiere date, January 15, 2016. The series moved to Nicktoons in 2017 to air the remainder of Season 10, which switched to Flash animation beginning with its fourteenth episode. 
The series ended on July 26, 2017, with 172 episodes spanning ten seasons. A live-action/animated sequel of the series premiered on Paramount+ on March 31, 2022.

 Series overview 

 Episodes 
All of the episodes of The Fairly OddParents listed below are arranged in the order of the Amazon DVD releases for the first eight seasons, with seasons 9 and 10 ordered in their packaging order, rather than their original production or broadcast order.

 Shorts (1998–2002) 

 Season 1 (2001) 

 Season 2 (2001–03) 

 Season 3 (2002–03) 

 Season 4 (2003–05) 

 Season 5 (2004–06) 

 Season 6 (2008–09) 

 Season 7 (2009–12) 

 Season 8 (2011) 

 Season 9 (2013–15) 

 Season 10 (2016–17) 

 Live action television films 

 Notes 

 Early airdates 

 Ratings 

 References 

Andre Petroski
Andre Petroski (born June 12, 1991) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.

 Background 
Having wrestled since he was four years old, Petroski was a three-time state qualifier at Springfield High School. He then attended University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with full wrestling scholarship for two years, transferred to Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania and finalized his college career in Kutztown University of Pennsylvania, majoring in communications. While waiting for graduation, Petroski started training Brazilian jiu-jitsu and fell in love with the art.Petroski battled a heroin addiction, before going clean in 2018.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
Petroski started training mixed martial arts in late 2015, took his first amateur bout in the following January and eventually turned pro in 2018. Making his professional debut at Art Of War Cage Fighting 8,  Petroski faced Mark Krumine and went on win the bout via TKO in the first round. After winning his next two bout via first round submission, at Art Of War Cage Fighting 15, he faced Shedrick Goodridge for the AOW Middleweight Championship, winning via TKO in the second round. Petroski defended his title once against Andre Hall at AOW 16, before headlining LFA 93 against Aaron Jeffrey. He lost the first bout of his professional career, getting finished late in the second round.Racking up a 5–1 record with a regional championship, Petroski was announced to be participating The Ultimate Fighter season 29 middleweight tournament.

 The Ultimate Fighter 
Petroski faced Aaron Phillips in the quarterfinal round, advancing to semifinals via first-round submission. In the semifinals Petroski was submitted in the second round by Bryan Battle and was eliminated from the tournament.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
Petroski was signed to the UFC and made his debut against fellow TUF alum Micheal Gillmore at UFC on ESPN: Barboza vs. Chikadze on August 28, 2021. He won the bout via third-round technical knockout.Replacing Alen Amedovski on short notice, Petroski faced Hu Yaozong at UFC 267 on October 30, 2021. He won the bout at the end of the third round via arm-triangle choke.Petroski faced Nick Maximov at UFC on ESPN: Błachowicz vs. Rakić on May 14, 2022. Petroski won the bout after choking out Maximov in the first round via an anaconda choke submission.Petroski faced Wellington Turman on November 12, 2022, at UFC 281. He won the fight via unanimous decision.Petroski faced Gerald Meerschaert on August 19, 2023, at UFC 292. He won the bout via split decision.Petroski faced Michel Pereira on October 14, 2023, at UFC Fight Night 230, replacing Marc-André Barriault, who withdrew due to medical issues. He lost the fight via technical knockout in the first round.Petroski is scheduled to face Jacob Malkoun on March 30, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 241.

 Professional grappling career 
Petroski was booked to compete against 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu black belt Rene Sousa in a superfight at Fury Pro Grappling 7 on May 27, 2023. He lost the match by submission, a straight ankle-lock.

 Personal life 
Petroski has a daughter.
He has a tattoo of a hammer and sickle which pays homage to his great grandfather who hailed from the Soviet Union. He has stated that he's not a communist and that the hammer and sickle once had a different meaning before the symbol was appropriated by communists. Andre previously battled with heroin and opiate addiction and he’s been open about his struggles.

 Championships and accomplishments 
Art of War Cage Fighting
AOW Middleweight Championship (one time; former)
One successful title defense

 Mixed martial arts record 

 Mixed martial arts exhibition record 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 
Professional MMA record for Andre Petroski from Sherdog
Andre Petroski at UFC

1993 NBA Finals
The 1993 NBA Finals was the championship round of the 1992–93 NBA season, and the conclusion of the season's playoffs. It featured the two-time defending NBA champion and Eastern Conference champion Chicago Bulls, led by Michael Jordan, and the Western Conference playoff champion Phoenix Suns, winners of 62 games and led by regular season MVP Charles Barkley. The Bulls became the first team since the Boston Celtics of the 1960s to win three consecutive championship titles, clinching the "three-peat" with John Paxson's game-winning 3-pointer that gave them a 99–98 victory in Game 6.

 Background 

 Chicago Bulls 

With two consecutive NBA championships, the Bulls aimed at an elusive 'three-peat'. No team had won a third consecutive NBA title since the Boston Celtics achieved a run of eight titles in a row from 1959 to 1966.
In the offseason, Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen played for the Dream Team at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, winning the gold medal. They entered the new season with little rest, but it did not stop both Jordan and Pippen from leading the Bulls to a 57–25 record, good for second in the Eastern Conference.
Chicago began its push for a 'three-peat' with back-to-back sweeps of the Atlanta Hawks and Cleveland Cavaliers. But against the top-seeded New York Knicks, the Bulls fell behind 2–0, before winning the next two games in Chicago, tying the series. In a crucial Game 5 at Madison Square Garden, the Bulls stole a rare road victory, aided by an array of blocks on Charles Smith in the final seconds, before wrapping up the series in Game 6 at Chicago Stadium.

 Phoenix Suns 

The Suns were a team on the rise, led by their All-Star point guard Kevin Johnson. Johnson arrived via trade in 1988, and propelled the Suns to two consecutive trips to the conference finals in his first two full seasons.
In the 1992 offseason, the Suns made a blockbuster trade, acquiring Charles Barkley from the Philadelphia 76ers in exchange for Jeff Hornacek, Tim Perry and Andrew Lang. They also hired Paul Westphal as head coach, unveiled new logos and uniforms, and moved to the brand new America West Arena from the Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The Suns made the most of these moves, winning a franchise record 62 games. Barkley's efforts won him the MVP award. However, in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs, the Suns fell down 2-0 to the Los Angeles Lakers, before rallying to defeat them in five games. In the second round the Suns defeated the San Antonio Spurs in six games, and were again pushed to a decisive game seven by the Seattle SuperSonics before ultimately winning the conference finals. For the Suns, it was their first NBA finals appearance since 1976 and second overall.

 Road to the Finals 

 Regular season series 
Both teams split the two meetings, each won by the road team:

 Team rosters 

 Chicago Bulls 

 Phoenix Suns 

 Series summary 

 Game 1 

Phoenix displayed an introduction animation in the vein of Chicago's well-known intro animation, set to the same song, before the game, which was remarked upon by the commentators. Before the game, a moment of silence was observed in memory of New Jersey Nets guard Dražen Petrović, who had been killed in a car accident two days earlier. The Bulls led the game from start to finish, and were able to quell several rallies from the Suns throughout.

 Game 2 

Both teams were locked in battle throughout the first half until Chicago took over in the 2nd quarter, shooting with a higher shooting percentage. In the second half, the Suns began to pressure the Bulls, but ran into trouble when Kevin Johnson fouled out, and Charles Barkley suffered an elbow injury. Late in the 4th quarter with time running out, it came down to a battle of determination. Scottie Pippen blocked Danny Ainge's 3-point attempt to seal the win and Phoenix became the first team to lose their home-court advantage twice in the first two games of the NBA Finals (the Orlando Magic did this two years later).

 Game 3 

The Phoenix Suns won Game 3 in triple overtime, 129–121. Suns Head Coach Paul Westphal became the only person to appear in two triple-overtime finals games: the first was the classic 1976 Game 5 contest against Boston as a player. His Suns also  became the only team to appear in two triple-overtime finals games, the first of which they lost 126–128. Westphal made a surprising move that paid off, helping to get Kevin Johnson back on track after Johnson had two terrible performances in Games 1 and 2, by having him guard Michael Jordan. KJ played much better all-around basketball for the rest of the Finals.
Suns: Kevin Johnson 25, Dan Majerle 28, Charles Barkley 24, Mark West 11, Richard Dumas 17, Danny Ainge 10, Tom Chambers 12, Oliver Miller 2, Frank Johnson 0, Jerrod Mustaf 0
Bulls: B. J. Armstrong 21, Michael Jordan 44, Scottie Pippen 26, Horace Grant 13, Bill Cartwright 8, Scott Williams 4, Trent Tucker 3, Stacey King 0, John Paxson 2, Darrell Walker 0

 Game 4 

In Game 4, Michael Jordan was unstoppable, scoring 55 points at Chicago Stadium and making a tough driving layup late in the game while getting fouled. The Bulls won 111–105. Scott Williams, who like MJ played his college basketball at UNC for Dean Smith, joked afterwards about "being proud that the two former Tar Heels combined for 57 points."
Suns: Charles Barkley 32, Dan Majerle 14, Kevin Johnson 19, Richard Dumas 17, Mark West 8, Tom Chambers 7, Danny Ainge 2, Oliver Miller 2, Frank Johnson 4
Bulls: Michael Jordan 55, Scottie Pippen 14, Horace Grant 17, B. J. Armstrong 11, Bill Cartwright 3, John Paxson 6, Scott Williams 2, Stacey King 3, Rodney McCray 0, Darrell Walker 0, Trent Tucker 0

 Game 5 

Before Game 5, Charles Barkley told the press he had announced to his teammates that they needed to win to "Save the City", a reference to the riots anticipated in Chicago if the Bulls won the championship at home. Both Paul Westphal and Kevin Johnson later expressed amusement about Barkley taking credit for the line because Westphal had made a tongue-in-cheek comment to that effect in a pregame meeting.
The Suns won 108–98 and headed home for Game 6 down 3–2.
Suns: Dan Majerle 11, Charles Barkley 24, Kevin Johnson 25, Mark West 5, Richard Dumas 25, Danny Ainge 8, Oliver Miller 8, Frank Johnson 2, Tom Chambers 0, Jerrod Mustaf 0 
Bulls: Michael Jordan 41, Scottie Pippen 22, Horace Grant 1, B. J. Armstrong 7, Bill Cartwright 2, John Paxson 12, Scott Williams 4, Stacey King 4, Will Perdue 0, Trent Tucker 5, Darrell Walker 0

 Game 6 

The Bulls got off to a good start in Game 6 but struggled in the fourth quarter, squandering a double-digit lead to trail 98–94. Michael Jordan made a layup to cut the lead to 2 points, and Dan Majerle's 30-foot three-pointer fell short on the Suns' next possession. Trailing 98–96 and playing a Game 7 on the road if they lost that day, Chicago ran a play that Phil Jackson called "Blind Pig" that had them increasing the play's "thrust" by bringing the ball from 3/4 back of the basket. Although Westphal's sole instruction on the play was for none of the players to double-team any of the Bulls (even Michael Jordan), Danny Ainge left John Paxson to try and either steal the ball or foul Horace Grant, who had missed all five of his shot attempts in the game and wasn't a good crunch-time free throw shooter. Grant saw Paxson alone 25 feet from the basket and fired a perfect pass, and Paxson then made a three pointer with 3.9 seconds left, giving the Bulls a 99–98 lead. Paxson's three-point field goal was the only score by any Bulls player other than Michael Jordan in the entire fourth quarter. The victory was secured by a last-second block from Grant on Kevin Johnson, thanks to Paxson's game-winning 3-point field goal.
Bulls: Michael Jordan 33, Scottie Pippen 23, B. J. Armstrong 18, Horace Grant 1, Bill Cartwright 2, John Paxson 8, Scott Williams 5, Trent Tucker 9, Stacey King 0
Suns: Dan Majerle 21, Kevin Johnson 19, Charles Barkley 21, Richard Dumas 8, Mark West 4, Tom Chambers 12, Danny Ainge 9, Oliver Miller 4, Frank Johnson 0
Michael Jordan, who averaged a Finals-record 41.0 PPG during the six-game series, became the first player in NBA history to win three straight Bill Russell NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Awards. He joined Magic Johnson as the only other player to win the award three times. The NBA started awarding the Finals MVP in 1969.

 Player statistics 
Chicago BullsPhoenix Suns

 Media coverage 
This series was aired on NBC with Marv Albert, Bob Costas (hosts), Mike Fratello, Magic Johnson (who missed Game 6 due to attending his brother's wedding), Quinn Buckner (analysts), Ahmad Rashad (Bulls sideline) and Hannah Storm (Suns sideline) (reporters) calling the action. After the series, Johnson soon left NBC and returned to the Lakers for various roles, while Fratello was hired by the Cleveland Cavaliers as their head coach. Both were replaced by recently departed Orlando Magic head coach Matt Guokas. Albert and Fratello later reunited in 1999, this time calling NBA games on TNT, and would continue to do so for several more years.
The 1993 NBA championship documentary, Three-Peat, marked the first time since 1982 that NBA Entertainment used film in on-court or off-court action, although most of it used videotape. It was narrated by Hal Douglas, who narrated the NBA Championship documentaries of the NBA Finals from 1992-1997.

 Aftermath 
A month after the Bulls' third straight championship, Michael Jordan's father, James R. Jordan, Sr., was murdered. Distraught by the murder of his father, Jordan announced his retirement from basketball a few weeks before the 1993–94 NBA season began, citing a loss of desire to play basketball. Even without Jordan, the Bulls still managed to win 55 games behind the All-Star efforts of Scottie Pippen; however the loss of Jordan was steep to overcome, and following a controversial call that gave the New York Knicks a win in Game 5, the Bulls lost to Knicks in the conference semi-finals of the 1994 NBA Playoffs in Game 7. Jordan returned from retirement in March 1995, following a brief baseball career and made the 1995 NBA Playoffs, losing to the Orlando Magic in six games.
The Phoenix Suns finished with 56 wins in the 1993–94 season, but were eliminated from the playoffs by the Houston Rockets after leading 2–0 in the Western Conference semifinals. The following year, Phoenix took a commanding 3–1 lead against a sixth-Seeded Houston team only to lose again, losing Games 5 and 7 on their home court, the last of which was decided on a 3-pointer by Mario Elie and an ensuing free throw session. The Rockets went on to win both the 1994 and 1995 NBA Finals. In a last-ditch attempt to win a championship, Barkley was soon traded to the Rockets in 1996 for Sam Cassell, Robert Horry and Chucky Brown. Despite forming a "Big Three" with Clyde Drexler and Hakeem Olajuwon, the Rockets failed to make the NBA Finals in Barkley's four seasons. The 1993 Finals was the only appearance of Charles Barkley's Hall of Fame career. This would be the last Finals appearance for the Suns until 2021, which they would also lose in six games to the Milwaukee Bucks.
The 1993 NBA Finals marked the only instance in the "Big Four" professional sports in which a Chicago team defeated a Phoenix/Arizona team in a playoff series. In the 2007 National League Division Series, the Arizona Diamondbacks swept the Chicago Cubs 3–0, while in the 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs, the Phoenix Coyotes defeated the Chicago Blackhawks 4–2.

 See also 
1993 NBA Playoffs

 References 

 External links 
NBA History

List of Call the Midwife episodes
Call the Midwife is a British period drama television series based on the best-selling memoirs of former nurse Jennifer Worth, who died shortly before the first episode was broadcast. It is set in the 1950s and 1960s and for the first three series centred primarily on Jenny Lee (Jessica Raine), based on the real Worth.  In the first episode, set in 1957, she begins a new job as a midwife at a nursing convent in the deprived Poplar district of east London. The programme's ensemble cast has also included Jenny Agutter, Pam Ferris, Judy Parfitt, Laura Main, Miranda Hart, Helen George, Bryony Hannah, Charlotte Ritchie, Linda Bassett and Emerald Fennell. Vanessa Redgrave delivers framing voiceovers in the role of "mature Jenny", and continues to do so even after the younger version of the character was written out of the series.
The idea of adapting Worth's books for television was initially dismissed by the BBC, but revived after Danny Cohen took over the post of Controller of BBC One. A full series was commissioned in 2011 and writer Heidi Thomas adapted Worth's books for the screen. The first episode was broadcast on 15 January 2012 and the initial series of six episodes drew positive reviews and large viewing figures, said by the BBC to be the highest audiences achieved by a new drama series on BBC One since the corporation's current method of measuring audiences began in 2001. Following the second episode, the BBC announced that a second series, expanded from six to eight episodes, had been commissioned. In September 2012 the programme won the Best New Drama award and Hart was named Best Actress at the TV Choice Awards.The second series began on 20 January 2013, and during the run BBC Controller for Drama Ben Stephenson announced that he had commissioned a third series to be broadcast in 2014, despite the fact that all the original source material had been exhausted by the end of the second series. The series has also achieved success outside the UK. In the United States, the first series' transmission on PBS in the autumn of 2012 drew an average audience of three million viewers. This figure was 50% higher than the network's overall primetime average audience for the 2011–12 television season.As of 21 January 2024, 108 episodes of Call the Midwife have aired, currently in its thirteenth series. In February 2023, the BBC renewed the series through to a fifteenth series, keeping the show on the air until at least 2026.

 Series overview 

 Episodes 

 Series 1 (2012) 

 Series 2 (2013) 

 Series 3 (2014) 

 Series 4 (2015) 

 Series 5 (2016) 

 Series 6 (2017) 

 Series 7 (2018) 

 Series 8 (2019) 

 Series 9 (2020) 

 Series 10 (2021) 

 Series 11 (2022) 

 Series 12 (2023) 

 Series 13 (2024) 

 References 
General"Call the Midwife – Episode Guide". BBC. Retrieved 30 September 2020.Specific

Edens Zero
Edens Zero (stylized in all caps) is a Japanese science fantasy manga series written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima. It has been serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine since June 2018, with its chapters collected into thirty tankōbon volumes as of January 2024. Set in a fictional spacefaring universe, the story follows Shiki Granbell, a boy with gravity powers who embarks on a voyage aboard the titular starship in search of a cosmic entity named Mother.
The manga is published digitally in six other languages as they are released in Japan, with Kodansha USA licensing the series for English publication in North America on Crunchyroll, Comixology, and Amazon Kindle. An anime television series adaptation produced by J.C.Staff aired from April to October 2021. A second season premiered from April to October 2023. A video game adaptation by Konami was also released.

 Plot 

Shiki Granbell, a human boy, lives among robots on the deserted theme park planet Granbell in the Sakura Cosmos. His adoptive grandfather, a benevolent Demon King robot named Ziggy, teaches him to control gravity with a superhuman power called Ether Gear. Ten years after Ziggy's death, the park is visited by spacefaring content creators Rebecca Bluegarden and Happy, whom Shiki befriends when the robots force the three off Granbell, saving Shiki from solitude before expending their vital Ether energy.
Seeking new friends and adventure, the three decide to search for Mother, the fabled goddess of the cosmos. Early in the journey, the space pirate Elsie Crimson gifts Shiki with the Edens Zero, an interstellar warship left by Ziggy. Shiki prepares for the voyage by assembling Ziggy's android crewmates, the Four Shining Stars, along with others he befriends: Weisz Steiner, a criminal from an alternate history created by a time-eating chronophage; E.M. Pino, a memory-impaired EMP android built by Ziggy; and Homura Kôgetsu, a young swordswoman and pupil of one of the Shining Stars. Meanwhile, Rebecca develops her own Ether Gear ability to reverse time and travel between parallel universes.
Before leaving the Sakura Cosmos, the Edens Zero crew encounters a revived, malevolent Ziggy, who desires to kill Shiki and eradicate all human life in favor of machines. Following a failed attack on the Edens Zero with his enhanced Edens One warship, Ziggy draws Shiki into a war against the neighboring Aoi Cosmos's reigning empire, where he detonates the empire's arsenal of 20,000 antimatter bombs against him. Shiki leads his crew to escape, although their crewmate Witch Regret sacrifices herself to protect them, which prompts them to postpone their adventure so they can defeat Ziggy.
Three years later, Shiki learns Ziggy's identity as an alternate version of himself who tried to stop the antimatter explosion, a decision that led to a spacetime distortion sending him and Rebecca 20,000 years into the future, where Mother's death has driven humankind to extinction. Having traveled back in time aboard the Edens Zero as a machine, Ziggy reveals his former mission to save Mother in Universe Zero, the convergence point of all universes. Pino realizes that Ziggy is being controlled when he discreetly repairs her memory, allowing her to enter an empowered Overdrive state and free him with her EMP. At Ziggy's request, Shiki destroys him to thwart his controller, the artificially intelligent Edens One, which seeks to ensure Mother's death.
With Mother's death imminent, the crew travels to Universe Zero's past by activating Etherion, the Edens Zero's hidden time travel function made from the alternate Rebecca's Ether. In the process, the parallel universes are merged into a single, idyllic reality where all those who were killed in previous timelines are still alive. The Edens Zero traces Mother to an uncharted region of space, joined by a resurrected Ziggy in battle against the Edens One, whose consciousness he recognizes as that of his and Rebecca's future son. Upon meeting, Mother reveals herself to Shiki as the Overdrive state of a ruined planet Earth, Shiki's homeworld. Mother offers him a choice: either to save her, which would undo every resurrection in Universe Zero; or to make the resurrections permanent while forsaking her life.

 Production 
Following the conclusion of his series Fairy Tail on July 26, 2017, Hiro Mashima posted a Tweet on December 31, 2017, promising to start a new series sometime in 2018. After his visit to the Angoulême International Comics Festival in France, Mashima revealed that the new series would be "a new form of fantasy", and that the character Plue from his earlier series Rave Master would appear in the manga. On May 14, 2018, Mashima commented on Twitter that he was becoming "a little confused" due to working simultaneously on this series, a Fairy Tail continuation, and another "secret" project. He also stated that he was coming up with new ideas for the series "one after another". On May 30, 2018, Weekly Shōnen Magazine revealed that the series was tentatively titled Eden's Zero. Although the title is the name of the main characters' spaceship, Mashima revealed that he thought of a deeper meaning for it, but that its usage would depend on future developments of the story.When developing the idea for his next series, Mashima originally anticipated using another sword and sorcery setting similar to the manga he had drawn for the last 20 years, but decided on creating a "space fantasy" adventure due to a lack of such contemporary shōnen manga; he coined the term "space fantasy" from his own misinterpretation of "SF", the abbreviation of science fiction in Japan, as a child. He also cited the genre's unpopularity in shōnen manga as an influence, viewing it as a challenge he wanted to overcome. Mashima has described his approach to writing Edens Zero as being in between those of Rave Master and Fairy Tail, combining predetermined story elements with ideas that he draws "just from momentum" while writing on a weekly basis to give the manga a "real time" feeling. He has also expressed an intention to end Edens Zero when its number of collected volumes is in between those of the two previous series. In 2021, Mashima stated that Edens Zero would continue the themes of friendship, family, and battles from Fairy Tail, but that it may change slightly by the end when the mystery of the character Mother is revealed.

 Publication 

Edens Zero is written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima. The series began in Kodansha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine on June 27, 2018. Kodansha has collected its chapters into individual tankōbon volumes. The first volume was released on September 14, 2018. As of January 17, 2024, thirty volumes have been released.The series is published simultaneously in seven languages: English, French, Chinese, Korean, Thai, German and Brazilian Portuguese. North American publisher Kodansha USA has released chapters of the series on digital platforms such as Crunchyroll Manga and Amazon Kindle. which ended on January 16, 2023.
This was replaced with a new app service that was released May 10, 2023, known as "K Manga" which included the new simulpub chapters of the series. This new platform is available for Android, with a full website planned for a later date.

 Media 

 Anime 

On June 12, 2020, Mashima announced on Twitter that the manga would be adapted into an anime television series. At the Tokyo Game Show livestream on September 26, 2020, it was revealed that the anime would be produced by J.C.Staff and directed by Yūji Suzuki, with Shinji Ishihira serving as chief director, Mitsutaka Hirota overseeing scripts, Yurika Sako designing the characters, and Yoshihisa Hirano composing the music. The series aired on Nippon TV and other channels from April 11 to October 3, 2021. Netflix acquired streaming rights to the series, which was released globally on August 26, 2021. The opening theme is "Eden Through the Rough" by Takanori Nishikawa, and the ending theme is "Bōken no Vlog" by CHiCO with HoneyWorks. The second opening theme is "Forever" by L'Arc-en-Ciel, and the second ending theme is "Sekai no Himitsu" by Sayuri.Director Yūji Suzuki died on September 9, 2021, before the series' broadcast was completed. Although he had worked in the industry as a key animator and episode director since the mid-2000s, Edens Zero was the first and only full series Suzuki directed.On February 9, 2022, it was announced that the series would receive a second season, which aired from April 2 to October 1, 2023, with Toshinori Watanabe replacing Suzuki as the director. The opening theme is "Never say Never" by Takanori Nishikawa, and the ending theme is "Rinne" by Asca. The second opening theme of season 2 is "Kaibutsu" performed by Tani Yuuki, and the second ending theme is "My Star" by Lozareena. The second season was licensed internationally by Mediatoon Distribution and streamed by Crunchyroll in various regions. A 72-minute recap original net animation of the first season aired in Japan on the same day as the second season premiere, and was streamed by Crunchyroll from April 29, 2023.

 Video games 
On September 16, 2020, Konami announced that they are developing an Edens Zero video game. It was later revealed at the Tokyo Game Show 2020 livestream that two separate action role-playing games were being developed, one being a 3D game for consoles, and the other being a top-down game for mobile devices. In February 2022, the latter was revealed as Edens Zero Pocket Galaxy and was released on February 24 for iOS and Android.On December 17, 2021, Mashima announced that he was developing an Edens Zero video game by himself using RPG Maker. Describing it as a "hobby project" that he worked on in his free time, he released the game, Rebecca to Kikai no Yōkan, for free on PC on March 16, 2022.

 Reception 

 Sales 
In Japan, the first volume of Edens Zero reached 13th place on the weekly Oricon chart with 30,178 copies sold. The second volume ranked 16th with 41,506 copies sold, and the third volume at 18th place with 31,316 copies.

 Critical response 
The first volume received a mixed response from critics on Anime News Network, where it was rated on a 1 to 5 scale. Amy McNulty gave the volume a 3.5 rating, calling it a "solid start" and praising the story's pacing, characters, and art, while adding that it "may not blow anyone away". McNulty also commented on Mashima's similar visual and design choices to Fairy Tail – which she noted could be taken negatively – but opined that the manga could benefit from readers' familiarity with Fairy Tail, and found it accessible to new readers of Mashima's work. Rebecca Silverman, who also rated it 3.5, considered the manga to be Mashima's darkest work, and praised him for using themes that "helped make his previous series Fairy Tail work so well", citing Shiki and Rebecca's complementary backgrounds as orphans as an example. However, she expressed slight concerns over the story potentially becoming confusing for readers with the volume's implications of time travel and flash-forward cliffhanger. Faye Hopper, who gave the volume a 3 rating, found that the shift from "high fantasy pastiche to Star Wars reminiscent sci-fi" helped enrich the story, but criticized Mashima's humor and adherence to shōnen manga conventions. Teresa Navarro gave it a 2 rating, finding the characters and art style to be nearly identical to those in Fairy Tail, but considering its potential to gain a cult following from fans of the shōnen genre.

 Notes 
General
Translations

 References 

 External links 
Official English manga website at Kodansha
Official English manga website at Azuki
Official Shōnen Magazine magazine website (in Japanese)
Official website (in Japanese)
Official website at Netflix
Edens Zero (manga) at Anime News Network's encyclopedia

Anhayla
Anhayla Rene Stanley (born May 24, 1988), better known by her stage name Anhayla ( ahn-HAY-lah), is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist. She is known for covering popular R&B and hip hop songs presented on her YouTube channel, Anhaylarene. Anhayla was endorsed by Crafter guitars in 2013.

 Early life 
Anhayla was born in Norfolk, Virginia, and began singing at the age of 5. She started writing music on the piano in middle school and credits her mother as a being a musical influence. Anhayla attended Virginia Commonwealth University and studied accounting.

 Career 
In 2010, Anhayla participated in We Are the World 25 for Haiti (YouTube edition). In 2013, she released an album If I Was.Anhayla made her first national appearance in a 2015 AT&T commercial, singing Spaceship.In a 2016 interview with NPR, Anhayla revealed that she has more than twenty inches of scars on her back as a result of a car accident. Her struggle with self-image lead her to organize Girls Nite Out, an annual event that encourages positivity and self-esteem for girls ages 5 to 18.

 Discography 

 Albums 

 Singles 

 See also 
YouTube personalities

 References 

 External links 
Official website 
Anhayla's channel on YouTube

Robert Hernreich
Robert Hernreich is an American businessman, professional sports team owner, and philanthropist.
Hernreich is currently part-owner and club director of Swansea City, the Championship League soccer team based in Swansea, Wales, as well as part-owner of Washington DC's DC United soccer club. He is Chairman of the Board of Remonov + CO, a real estate development firm in the Vail Valley of Colorado.

 Early life and education 
Hernreich was born and raised in Arkansas, before receiving a BA from Washington University in St. Louis and an MBA from Washington University's Olin Business School.
He was drafted into the Army during the Vietnam War, but was not deployed overseas.

 Business career 
Hernreich established KAIT 8 in Jonesboro, Arkansas in 1963 with his father. After growing and acquiring a number of related media outlets throughout NW Arkansas, Hernreich sold his media group, Sigma Broadcasting, to Channel Communications in 1984 and Hearst-Argyle in 1995. At the time, Sigma was the largest media company in the state.From 1991 to 1993 Hernreich served as chairman of United States Repeating Arms, maker of Winchester rifles. He is also a past director of Ride Snowboards, K2 Inc. and the Miss America OrganizationIn 1994, Hernreich founded Remonov and began developing real estate in Colorado's Vail Valley.

 Sports ownership 
SourceAs part of a new ownership group led by the Maloof family, Hernreich bought a 12% stake in the Sacramento Kings in 1999. In 2013, Microsoft’s Steve Balmer and hedge fund manager Chris Hansen tried to buy the Kings and move them to Seattle, but bowing to local pressure, Hernreich and the Maloofs instead sold the Kings to investors led by Vivek Ranadive for a record price, then the highest ever for an NBA franchise. As a result of that sale, the team stayed in Sacramento.
As part of his Kings ownership, Hernreich was also part owner of the WNBA's Sacramento Monarchs.In 2005, Hernreich purchased the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League.  He sold the team in 2008.
In 2010, Hernreich bought an undisclosed stake in the Texas Rangers as part of a group led by pitcher Nolan Ryan and lawyer Chuck Greenberg.

 Civic life and philanthropy 
Hernreich has served on the board of directors of the Vail Valley Foundation (VVF), Beaver Creek’s Vilar Center for the Arts and the Eagle Valley Land Trust. He was past chairman of the Colorado Board of Parks and Outdoor Recreation.He was a founding board member of SOS Outreach (serving at-risk youth) and the Vail Youth Foundation. He served as the Administration Chairman for the 1999 World Alpine Championships in Vail. Hernreich is a member of the VVF Millennium Club, a small group who have contributed in their lifetimes more than $1 million to the VVF.He has served as Trustee of his alma mater, Washington University in St. Louis, MO for 30 years.

 References 

Montana Rail Link
Montana Rail Link (reporting mark MRL) (now operated by BNSF as the MRL Subdivision) was a privately held Class II railroad in the United States. It operated on trackage originally built by the Northern Pacific Railway and leased from its successor BNSF Railway. MRL was a unit of The Washington Companies and was headquartered in Missoula, Montana.
The railroad ran between Huntley, Montana and Spokane, Washington, largely within Montana, and the main line passes through the towns of Missoula, Livingston, Bozeman, Billings, and Helena. Montana Rail Link connected with the BNSF on both ends and also in Garrison, Montana. The railroad had over 900 miles (1,400 km) of track, served 100 stations, and employed approximately 1,000 personnel. The main classification yard was in Laurel, Montana, with smaller yards in Missoula, Billings, Bozeman and Helena. Repair and mechanical facilities were in Livingston, Montana; turntables remain in Livingston and Laurel.
In January 2022, MRL and BNSF agreed on an early lease termination to return control of the line to BNSF. This took place on January 1, 2024.

 History 
Montana Rail Link's independent status and main line dates back to October 31, 1987, when MRL under Missoula businessman Dennis Washington commenced a 60-year lease of Burlington Northern's southern Montana main line between Sandpoint, Idaho and Huntley, Montana, near Billings. This spin-off was controversial as it happened during contract negotiations between Burlington Northern and the United Transportation Union. MRL workers were represented by various unions. Montana Rail Link trains operate between Billings and Spokane using trackage rights over BN successor BNSF's tracks connecting those points. 
Montana Rail Link used cabooses until the BNSF takeover in 2024, which were used to carry remote control switching equipment on Laurel switch engines. A significant number of MRL movements were actually BNSF trains, complete with locomotives, that MRL received at one end of its track and forwarded back to BNSF at the other end. MRL also operated trains of its own to gather and distribute local freight along its lines. Forest products and grain were primary commodities, and MRL also operated a special train, called the Gas Local, between Missoula and Thompson Falls, Montana, to bridge a gap in a long-distance gasoline pipeline.
On September 8, 2005, Montana Rail Link took delivery of locomotive number 4300, the first of 16 new EMD SD70ACe locomotives. This was the first locomotive that the railroad has ordered new from a manufacturer, and it and the rest of the class were intended to replace aging SD40 and SD45 locomotives on trains crossing the Rocky Mountains over the continental divide at Mullan Pass near Helena, Montana and Bozeman Pass near Bozeman, Montana.In January 2022, BNSF agreed to pay MRL $2 billion for an early lease termination. The return to BNSF control required the approval of the Surface Transportation Board, and this was later approved on March 8, 2023. BNSF took over operations on January 1, 2024. This will absorb the MRL into BNSF, integrating MRL operations, technology and personnel. All 1,200 employees were offered employment with BNSF.

 Incidents 

 1989 Helena train wreck 
In the Helena train wreck of February 2, 1989, 48 decoupled rail cars rolled into Helena, hit a parked work train, caught fire and exploded. While property damage was extensive, there were no casualties.

 2014 Alberton derailment 
On July 3, 2014, a MRL train with 90 railcars derailed near Alberton, Montana, en route from Laurel, Montana to Spokane, Washington. Twenty cars derailed, including three containing hazardous materials and six Boeing 737 fuselages. The 737 fuselages had been built in Kansas at Spirit AeroSystems and were being shipped to Renton, Washington, for final assembly. Three of the fuselages fell down an embankment, with two reaching the Clark Fork River. The six fuselages were recovered and scrapped within the month.

 2023 Quinn's Hot Springs derailment 
On the morning of Sunday, April 2, 2023, a westbound MRL freight train derailed at Quinn's Hot Springs Resort in Paradise, Montana. About 25 cars derailed, including cases of canned and bottled beer, clay powder and one with highly flammable gas (alternately described as butane or propane); some cars tumbled into the Clark Fork River, and others derailed in the nearby tunnel. There were no injuries, fires or release of hazardous materials. Strong winds blowing the clay powder appeared like smoke and guest cabins were evacuated as a precaution. As the derailment site was only accessible by water, the fire district's water rescue team ferried responders across the river in a small boat.

 2023 Yellowstone River derailment 
On June 24, 2023, part of a westbound freight train derailed near Reed Point in Stillwater County, while traveling on a bridge over the Yellowstone River. The bridge collapsed and ten cars derailed, of which at least eight fell into the river.Breached cars included either molten sulfur or asphalt. Two cars carried sodium hydro sulfate, however, these did not rupture. Yellowstone County Disaster and Emergency Services stated that several cars were damaged and leaked petroleum products. Yellow liquid flowing out of the cars was visible. MRL stated that several cars carried hazmat products. As to whether the bridge collapsed first or the cars derailed first is under investigation.

 References 

 External links 

Official website

Shang-Chi
Zheng Shang-Chi (English:  JUNG shahng-CHEE), also known as the Master of Kung Fu and Brother Hand, is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer Steve Englehart and artist Jim Starlin, debuting in Special Marvel Edition #15 (December 1973) in the Bronze Age of Comic Books, and starring in his own solo title until 1983. Described as the greatest martial artist alive, Shang-Chi has been trained since birth to be the ultimate fighter with a specialization in various unarmed and weaponry-based wushu styles, including the use of the gùn, nunchaku, and jian.  Shang-Chi later assumes leadership of the Five Weapons Society and acquires the Ten Rings weapons.
Shang-Chi was spun off from novelist Sax Rohmer's licensed property as the unknown son of fictional villain Dr. Fu Manchu. In later editions, his connection to Dr. Fu Manchu was underplayed after Marvel lost the comic book rights to the latter's character; to get around this problem, the publisher eventually renamed Shang-Chi's father Zheng Zu.
Shang-Chi made his live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021), where he is portrayed by Simu Liu.

 Publication history 
In the early 1970s, writer Steve Englehart and artist Jim Starlin approached DC Comics to adapt the television series Kung Fu into a comic book, as DC's parent company, Warner Communications, owned the rights to the series. DC Comics, however, was not interested in their pitch, believing the show's and the martial arts genre popularity would fade quickly. The duo then approached Marvel Comics with the idea to create a kung fu-focused original comic. Editor-in-chief Roy Thomas agreed, but only if they would include the Sax Rohmer's pulp villain Dr. Fu Manchu, as Marvel had previously acquired the comic book rights to the character, and made their protagonist half-white. Englehart and Starlin agreed. They developed Shang-Chi, a master of kung fu, who was introduced as a previously unknown son of Dr. Fu Manchu. Though an original character himself, many of Shang-Chi's supporting characters (most notably Dr. Fu Manchu, Sir Denis Nayland Smith, Dr. James Petrie and Fah Lo Suee) were Rohmer creations. Starlin left the series after #17 (replaced by Paul Gulacy) and Englehart after #19 (replaced by Doug Moench). No characters from the Kung Fu television series were officially included in the comic series, though in the #19 issue the character Lu Sun bore such a strong resemblance to Kwai Chang Caine that to avoid copyright issues, the character was given a mustache throughout the issue. With artist Paul Gulacy, Shang-Chi's visual appearance was modeled after that of Bruce Lee.According to Englehart, his name was influenced by his study of the I-Ching, composed of 升 (shēng), meaning "ascending", and chi, meaning vital energy.
Shang-Chi first appeared in Special Marvel Edition #15 (December 1973). He appeared again in issue #16, and with issue #17 (April 1974) the publication was retitled The Hands of Shang-Chi, Master of Kung Fu. Amidst the martial arts craze in the United States in the 1970s, the book became very popular, surviving until issue #125 (June 1983), a solid run that included four Giant-Size issues and one Annual. Special Collector's Edition #1 (1975) cover-titled as "Savage Fists of Kung Fu" reprinted stories from The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu #1–2; The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu Special #1; and Special Marvel Edition #15. The character did several crossovers with other Marvel martial artists, including the White Tiger, Iron Fist and the Daughters of the Dragon (Colleen Wing and Misty Knight). He appeared regularly in The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu.
Shang-Chi had two more short series: the Master of Kung Fu: Bleeding Black one-shot issue (1990) and the MAX miniseries Master of Kung Fu: Hellfire Apocalypse (2002) with artist Paul Gulacy on art again. The character had two stories in the comics anthology series Marvel Comics Presents, including one by Moench that ran in the series' first eight issues in 1988, and co-starred in the Moon Knight Special (1992).
In 1995, Shang-Chi would be one of the revival titles produced by Milestone Media, according to writer Dwayne McDuffie, the title would show Shang-Chi using firearms, inspired by gun fu style by Hong Kong filmmaker John Woo; however, according to McDuffie, the proposal was cancelled after the departure of editor-in-chief Tom DeFalco and the death of Mark Gruenwald the following year.In 1997 a story arc starring Shang-Chi ran in Journey into Mystery #514–516, and was intended to lead into a miniseries for the character in 1998.Although spun out of licensed properties, Shang-Chi is a Marvel-owned character and has been firmly established as a part of the Marvel Universe with guest appearances in numerous other titles, such as Marvel Team-Up, Marvel Two-in-One, Marvel Knights and X-Men. Most of the original licensed characters in the supporting cast have been either phased out or renamed in the more recent series and stories.
In some of his modern appearances, mention is made of his villainous father either in cryptic terms or using a variety of new names, due to Marvel no longer having the rights to Dr. Fu Manchu. In 2010's Secret Avengers #6–10, writer Ed Brubaker officially sidestepped the entire issue via a storyline where the Shadow Council resurrects a zombified version of Dr. Fu Manchu, only to discover that "Dr. Fu Manchu" was only an alias and that Shang-Chi's father's real name was Zheng Zu, an ancient Chinese sorcerer who discovered the secret to immortality. Similarly, Shang-Chi's half sister Fah Lo Suee was later renamed Zheng Bao Yu in 2013's The Fearless Defenders #8, written by Cullen Bunn, while Smith and Petrie have not appeared in any Marvel properties since the end of the Master of Kung Fu series in 1983.
Shang-Chi returned as a main character in the 2007 Heroes for Hire comic book. In 2009, the black and white one-shot Shang-Chi: Master of Kung Fu was released, with stories written by Jonathan Hickman, Mike Benson, Charlie Huston and Robin Furth and illustrated by Tomm Coker, C.P. Smith, Enrique Romero and Paul Gulacy.In 2014, the miniseries Deadly Hands of Kung Fu was released with Shang-Chi in appearance, written by Mike Benson and illustrated by Tan Eng Huat.In 2015, Shang-Chi starred in the Master of Kung Fu revival in the Secret Wars storyline. Written by Haden Blackman and illustrated by Taljic, the four-issue series is a wuxia-inspired story that takes place in the Battleworld domain of K'un-Lun and centered around Shang-Chi in his fight to overthrow his despotic father, Emperor Zheng Zu.In 2017, after a 34-year gap, Shang-Chi once again starred in Master of Kung Fu's 126th issue as part of the Marvel Legacy relaunch, written by mixed martial artist CM Punk and illustrated by Dalibor Talajic.In 2020, Shang-Chi starred in a self-titled five issue miniseries written by American Born Chinese author Gene Luen Yang with art by Dike Ruan and Philip Tan. Initially set for a June 2020 release, the first issue was delayed to September due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Shang-Chi starred in a new ongoing series by Yang and Ruan in 2021, with Marcus To replacing Ruan by the 9th issue.  Following the release of the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021), Yang incorporated several concepts introduced in the movie into the Shang-Chi mythos, including the character Jiang Li as Shang-Chi's real mother, who was based on Shang-Chi's mother Ying Li, retconning Shang-Chi's white American mother and his mixed-race heritage; the heavenly realm Ta-Lo, which was previously introduced by writers Mark Gruenwald, Ralph Macchio and artist Keith Pollard in Thor #310 (1980); and the Ten Rings weapons.In March 2021, the one-shot The Legend of Shang-Chi was published, by Alyssa Wong (script) and Andie Tong (art).In September 2021, Shang-Chi starred in a miniseries made available by the Marvel Unlimited app, the miniseries was written by Alyssa Wong and illustrated by Nathan Stockman.In July 2022, the ongoing Shang-Chi series was succeeded by a new ongoing series titled Shang-Chi and the Ten Rings, with the previously solicited Shang-Chi #13 being retitled Shang-Chi and the Ten Rings #1.Yang's 24-issue run concluded with the one-shot Shang-Chi: Master of the Ten Rings, with Michael YG replacing To on art, in January 2023. In October, he starred in the graphic novel Shang-Chi and the Quest for Immortality, which was written and illustrated by Victoria Ying and colored by Ian Herring.In December, Shang-Chi was part of the team lineup for a new Thunderbolts series, written by Collin Kelly and Jackson Lanzing and illustrated by Geraldo Borges.  Lanzing explained that Shang-Chi's inclusion to the title was due to the character's spy thriller roots from the Master of Kung Fu series. Shang-Chi will also star in a Deadly Hands of Kung Fu revival titled Deadly Hands of Kung Fu: Gang War, a three issue miniseries written by Greg Pak and illustrated by Caio Majado which will be part of the "Gang War" crossover event.

 Fictional character biography 

 Master of Kung Fu 
Shang-Chi was born in Henan Province, China, and is the son of Zheng Zu who at the time was using the alias of Dr. Fu Manchu. Shang-Chi was trained from infancy in the martial arts by his father and his tutors. Believing his father was a benevolent humanitarian, Shang-Chi is sent on a mission to London to murder Dr. James Petrie, who his father claimed was a threat to peace. After assassinating Petrie, Shang-Chi encounters Dr. Fu Manchu's archenemy Sir Denis Nayland Smith, who tells Shang-Chi his father's true nature. Realizing Smith is telling the truth, Shang-Chi escapes from Dr. Fu Manchu's Manhattan headquarters, telling his father they are now enemies and vowing to put an end to his evil schemes.Shang-Chi subsequently fights his adoptive brother Midnight, who was sent by their father to kill Shang-Chi for his defection, and then encounters Smith's aide-de-camp and MI-6 agent Black Jack Tarr, sent by Smith to apprehend Shang-Chi. After several encounters and coming to trust one another, Shang-Chi becomes an ally of Sir Denis Nayland Smith and MI-6. Together with Smith, Tarr, fellow MI-6 agents Clive Reston and Leiko Wu (his eventual love interest), and Dr. Petrie, Shang-Chi goes on many adventures and missions, usually thwarting his father's plans for world domination. Shang-Chi occasionally encounters his half-sister Fah Lo Suee, who leads her own faction of the Si-Fan but opposes her attempts to co-opt him into her own schemes to usurp their father's criminal empire.With Smith, Tarr, Reston, Wu and Petrie, Shang-Chi forms Freelance Restorations, Ltd, an independent spy agency based in Stormhaven Castle, Scotland. After many skirmishes and battles, Shang-Chi witnesses the death of Fu Manchu. Soon after his father's death, a guilt-ridden Shang-Chi quits Freelance Restorations, severs all ties with his former allies, forsakes his life as an adventurer, and retires to a village in remote Yang-Tin, China, to live as a fisherman.

 Return 
Some time later, Shang-Chi returns from China and rejoins Tarr, Reston, and Wu. They battle Argus' terrorist group that aims to cause the United States to act more aggressively against all terrorists. Argus has Wu tortured, cutting off her hand. Shang-Chi and the others rescue Wu, but Shang-Chi imbibes a dose of a slow-acting poison. He is cured by Dr. Fu Manchu's elixir vitae.His father's criminal empire split into factions: Sleeping Dragon Clan (led by Chiang Kai-Dong), Steel Lotus Group (led by Hsien Ming-Ho), Wild Tiger Mob (led by Deng Ling-Xiao) and Coiled Serpent Syndicate (led by Mao Liu-Cho). Kingpin takes control of his own faction of the Si-Fan in Hong Kong and provides them cybernetics. Shang-Chi joins forces with the X-Men and Elektra Natchios against the Kingpin's Si-Fan.After collaborating with British Intelligence, Fah Loh Suee was eventually placed as a director of MI-6. Her endeavors perpetually placed her at odds with Shang-Chi and his fellow MI-6 agents. Years later, she once again became involved in the criminal underworld. Now going by the name the Cursed Lotus, she headed a narcotics empire supplying a highly addictive drug, Wild Tiger, with Deng Ling-Xiao and the Wild Tiger, acting as a front for her in Hong Kong. Despite the Wild Tiger Mob being brought down by Shang-Chi, she eludes capture.  Shang-Chi never discovers his half-sister's involvement.Fu Manchu eventually resurfaces and employed Zaran (Zhou Man She) to retrieve a chemical from A.I.M. and later directed him to kill Shang-Chi for him. He sent his dacoits to aid Zaran against Shang-Chi and the Marvel Knights. Although they succeeded in destroying the building that Shang-Chi was in, Zaran failed to slay him.Later retakes control of the Si-Fan but his plot to deploy his Hellfire Weapon is thwarted once again by his son and his allies, at that time it was known as Comte de Saint Germain or Ghost. Shang-Chi have rejoined MI-6, against his father and his previously unknown half-brother Moving Shadow. The mission results in his father's Hellfire weapon being destroyed and Moving Shadow's death at Dr. Fu Manchu's hand for his failure in killing Shang-Chi.

 Heroes for Hire 
As a member of the restored Heroes for Hire, Shang-Chi puts his strength of character at the service of their teammates.  Humbug, turning against the heroes, tried to double-cross both his friends and the "Earth Hive" of insects, joining the Hive. Shang-Chi refuses to kill Humbug until he finds Humbug has no qualms about torturing the Tarantula if it means less suffering for Colleen. Shang-Chi snaps his neck and leaves with the catatonic Tarantula, ashamed of becoming a soulless murderer.Still working for MI-6, Shang-Chi collaborates with Pete Wisdom of MI-13 in facing the Welsh dragon, which has become a human crime lord. He becomes the tutor of a young Earth-616 Killraven.

 Heroic Age 
In the "Shadowland" storyline, Shang-Chi is one of the heroes fighting the Hand's ninjas. He later works together with Spider-Man against Mister Negative and temporarily takes Mister Negative's powers until Shang-Chi is brought back to normal by Spider-Man.In Secret Avengers, Steve Rogers tracks down Shang-Chi to help turn back the Shadow Council, which has partially resurrected Shang-Chi's father and employed the Hai-Dai, a squad of assassins, to hunt Shang-Chi down. Beast reveals to Shang-Chi and the Secret Avengers Dr. Fu Manchu is really an ancient sorcerer named Zheng Zu. When Shang-Chi and Rogers meet with John Steele and the Shadow Council for the prisoner exchange, Rogers is overpowered by Steele and Shang-Chi is captured. While Zheng Zu prepares to sacrifice Shang-Chi to complete his resurrection, the Avengers and Moon Knight drop in on him and the Shadow Council. The Prince of Orphans disrupts the ritual, resulting in Zheng Zu's death and Shang-Chi's rescue. Shang-Chi subsequently joins the Secret Avengers, but leaves the team following the defeat of Arnim Zola 4.2.3. The reveal of Zu's true identity results Fah Lo Suee's real identity, Zheng Bao Yu being revealed as well. Now in full control of the Hai-Dai, Bao Yu resumes her father's long-forgotten experiment of bio-engineering Brood eggs as weapons, which she uses to carry out hits in New York's Chinatown. The plot is uncovered by Misty Knight and Annabelle Riggs of the Fearless Defenders with help from Elsa Bloodstone; the three track Bao Yu and the Hai-Dai assassins and scientists to an underground laboratory. With the help of No-Name of the Brood, the Fearless Defenders defeat the Hai-Dai and destroy the experiments, forcing Bao Yu to teleport away from her lair.Per the instructions of the new Madame Web, Shang-Chi is assigned to train Spider-Man in kung fu to compensate for the loss of his spider-sense, which was 'overloaded' after the wall-crawler had to transmit a strong signal on the same frequency to disable a drone army of Spider-Slayers. Under Shang-Chi's tutelage, Spider-Man develops his own martial arts style, the "Way of the Spider".During the events of Spider-Island, Shang-Chi and other inhabitants of Manhattan are infected by the Spider-Virus, giving him the same powers and abilities as Spider-Man. Shang-Chi is also plagued by recurring nightmares of himself as a spider attacking innocent civilians. People with spider-powers run amok in the city. When he sees Iron Fist and other heroes fighting Spider-Man impostors and Peter Parker nearby, Shang-Chi protects Parker and confirms Spider-Man's identity to the other heroes. Meanwhile, the Bride of Nine Spiders attacks and abducts her teammates in the Immortal Weapons. Shang-Chi attempts to stop the Bride of Nine Spiders from abducting Iron Fist with his newly acquired powers, but is unsuccessful.Shang-Chi learns from Silver Sable that she has found possible locations in Manhattan for the Bride of Nine Spiders' lair. Although Shang-Chi defeats the Bride of Nine Spiders and frees Iron Fist, he discovers the real culprit: the demon Ai Apaec, who seeks to feed off the Immortal Weapons. Shang-Chi fights Ai Apeac and mutates into a spider during the battle as a result of his infection, but Iron Fist uses his chi force to cure Shang-Chi. After making sure Iron Fist and the rest of the Immortal Weapons are evacuated, Shang-Chi collapses the mansion hideout on Ai Apeac, leaving him immobilized for the Avengers to put back into custody. Shang-Chi and the Immortal Weapons arrive to join the heroes during the final stand against the Spider Queen.

 Marvel NOW! 
During the Marvel NOW! relaunch, Shang-Chi joins the Avengers after being recruited by Captain America and Iron Man.During the events of Infinity, Shang-Chi and the Avengers join the Galactic Council to fight against the Builders and their crusade against all life in the universe. When several allies were captured by the enemy, Shang forms a rescue team with the Black Widow, Spider-Woman and Manifold. Wielding a pair of energy projecting gauntlets, Shang's timely intervention prevented his friends from being vaporized by an Aleph. After the Builders' defeat, the Avengers return to Earth with their new Galactic Council allies to face off against an even bigger threat back home – Thanos. Shang is sent along with the Black Widow and Manifold the infiltrate the Peak and shut down Thanos' first line of defense; however, the team is intercepted by the Black Dwarf and his guards. As Manifold returned to grab reinforcements, Shang and Natasha managed to defeat the entire security force, save the general who proved to be too much for even the Master of Kung Fu. The combined might of Gladiator, Ronan the Accuser and other Council members eventually made short work of the Black Dwarf and allows Shang and the infiltration team to complete their mission.With the threat of both the Builders and Thanos thwarted, Shang-Chi is sent to Madripoor along with the Black Widow, the Falcon, and Wolverine to stop a full-scale riot that has broken throughout out the island nation. Shang-Chi infiltrates a temple housed by the Hand but is too late to stop the Hand's new leader, the Gorgon, from completing a ritual which raises the island out of the water up upon the head of a massive dragon. When the dragon begins to take flight, Shang-Chi quickly takes out all of the present Hand ninjas at the temple and challenges the Gorgon. Despite a valiant effort, Shang-Chi is defeated by the Gorgon, who throws Shang-Chi from the edge of the dragon's head several hundred feet above the ground. Shang-Chi is rescued by the Chinese intelligence-gathering agency S.P.E.A.R and is taken to their air-bound base, the Circle, to recuperate. Shang-Chi, along with the Avengers and S.P.E.A.R.'s superhuman response team the Ascendants, go to Shanghai to defend the city from the dragon and the Hand's forces. Using Pym Particles supplied to him by S.P.E.A.R. director Xian Zheng, Shang Chi grows to the size of a giant and defeats the dragon in combat, but not before enacting payback by tearing off the Hand's temple (with a screaming Gorgon still trapped inside) from the dragon's head and throwing it several miles away.When the Illuminati were exposed to have tampered with the mind of Captain America and attempting to destroy worlds threatening Earth as part of the Incursions as seen in the Time Runs Out storyline, Shang-Chi joined a faction of the Avengers led by Sunspot. Sunspot's Avengers, having taken control over A.I.M., discovered that "Incursion points" (points where an Incursion world that is about to hit Earth can be seen) were causing a massive number of physical mutations among those who stumbled upon the locations. Sending Shang-Chi to an Incursion point in Japan, Shang-Chi was exposed to cosmic-level radiation that transformed Shang-Chi into a mutate capable of creating duplicates of himself.After capturing Crossbones for a mission, Shang-Chi is informed by Captain America about his former lover Leiko Wu's murder at the hands of Razor Fist while working undercover for MI-6 in one of London's triads. Shang-Chi travels to London for Leiko's funeral and while wondering around Chinatown, he is attacked by unknown assailants, one whom reveals that the crime lord the White Dragon was behind the murder. Shang-Chi is approached by triad clan leader and former enemy Skull-Crusher who offers him a truce; Chao Sima alleges he and Leiko became lovers while she was working undercover and had planned to defect from MI-6 for him. With help from Skull-Crusher and the newly arrived Daughters of the Dragon and the Sons of the Tiger, Shang-Chi confirms that Razor Fist was hired by the White Dragon to kill Leiko due to her involvement with his rival Skull-Crusher and discovers that the White Dragon has access to Mao Shan Pai, a powerful Chinese black magic. Shang-Chi and Skull-Crusher infiltrate the White Dragon's estate, where they discover a room displaying the decapitated heads of missing triad leaders. The two of them fight the White Dragon but are captured by Shang-Chi's brother, Midnight Sun, who reveals himself to be the true mastermind behind the White Dragon. With the Mao Shan Pai spellbook taken by the White Dragon's men, M'Nai plans to use its magic to give him power and influence over the triad clans, finally fulfilling Zheng Zu's legacy. Needing the heads of the clan leaders in order to complete the ritual, Midnight Sun beheads the White Dragon and Skull-Crusher and proceeds to cast the spell. Instead of giving him power, the spell resurrects Leiko from Chao's spilled blood. Since Skull-Crusher made her the leader of his clan before her death, Chao's death violated the ritual and resurrected Leiko to punish Midnight Sun. Shang-Chi is able to knock out Midnight Sun during their fight while Leiko brutally maims Razor Fist. Leiko uses her newfound powers to summon the dead spirits of Skull-Crusher, the White Dragon and the other dead triad leaders, who drag Midnight Sun into their realm. When Leiko attempts to execute Razor Fist, Shang-Chi pleads with his former lover to stop; while he is able to get Leiko to spare Razor Fist, he is unable to bring her back to her normal self. Black Jack Tarr (now director of MI-6) and his men raid the estate; Razor Fist and the White Dragon's men are arrested while Leiko escapes. Before leaving London, Shang-Chi leaves a photo of him and Leiko at her grave, which is later taken by Leiko after he leaves.

 The Protectors 
Shang-Chi joins several other Asian American superheroes (the Hulk (Amadeus Cho), Silk, Ms. Marvel, Jimmy Woo, and S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Jake Oh) for a fundraiser in Flushing, Queens. Later, while the group is spending the night out in Koreatown, Manhattan, they are ambushed by the alien Prince Regent Phalkan and his small army from Seknarf Seven. Shang-Chi and his allies briefly fight off the invaders before they and a large group of bystanders are teleported near Seknarf Seven, where Phalkan demands that the group offer a few people for food within a time limit. Dubbing their group "the Protectors", Woo rallies the group and bystanders into working together to escape, while Shang-Chi leads an attack with Silk and Ms. Marvel. The Protectors are eventually able to free themselves and defeat Phalkan and his forces with the help of the bystanders. The Alpha Flight Space Program arrives to rescue the Protectors and bystanders and arrest Phalkan, who Sasquatch reveals was exiled from Seknarf Seven for treason.

 "Secret Empire" 
During the 2017 "Secret Empire" storyline, Shang-Chi is found to have been a prisoner of HYDRA in Madripoor following HYDRA's takeover of the United States. After the Hive and the Gorgon are defeated, the Tony Stark A.I. finds him and he states that he does not have the Cosmic Cube shard anymore. A flashback revealed that Emma Frost took the Cosmic Cube shard from him when he was unconscious. Shang-Chi was later seen with the Underground when they and other American superheroes are fighting HYDRA's forces in Washington, D.C.

 Domino 
Seeking a way to fight her ability-stealing adversary Topaz, Domino approaches Shang-Chi (who was referred to her by his Protectors teammate Amadeus Cho) at his retreat in Lantau Island for training. After a long training session, the two spend a romantic night out in Hong Kong, only to be ambushed at a night club by a large group of Shang-Chi's enemies, led by Midnight Sun and including Razor Fist, Shen Kuei, Shockwave, Death-Hand, Shadow Stalker, Tiger-Claw and others. Domino and Shang-Chi defeat them with relative ease. The two are eventually confronted by Topaz who Domino defeats using Shang-Chi's teachings. Despite Shang-Chi's pleas for mercy, Domino kills Topaz. Disappointed, Shang-Chi breaks up with Domino and dismisses her as his student.

 War of the Realms 
In the 2019 "War of the Realms" storyline, after taking part in a demonstration for Jimmy Woo's Pan-Asian School for the Unusually Gifted in Mumbai, Shang-Chi and the Protectors are offered membership to Woo's Agents of Atlas. Shang-Chi and the others are suddenly alerted by the news of Malekith's invasion of Earth; most of the New Agents of Atlas head to Seoul while Ms. Marvel joins Jake Oh and the Champions in New York. Shang-Chi and the others defend Seoul from Malekith's ally Queen Sindr and her Fire Goblin forces from Muspelheim with help from the Korean heroes White Fox, Crescent, Io and Luna Snow. After Sindr threatens to summon a volcano in the middle of the city and kill millions of innocents, Brawn teleports Atlas and their new allies away from the battle, allowing Sindr to peacefully annex South Korea. Brawn eventually summons the Chinese heroes the Sword Master and Aero, Filipina heroine Wave, and the Hawaiian Goddess of Fire and Volcanoes Pele from Shanghai to help assist in the fight against Sindr. The newly summoned heroes are less than pleased for being taken out of their previous battle, but Pele quickly puts a stop to the infighting, warning the group that Sindr plans to melt the polar ice caps if they do not work together. After formulating a plan, Brawn confronts Sindr and her forces directly while Aero, Wave and Luna use Sindr's Black Bifrost to travel to the Arctic to decrease its temperature; Shang-Chi and the others are teleported to Atlas' ally the Monkey King of the Ascendants in Northern China where Shang-Chi begins training the remaining members for their final fight. As planned by Brawn, the Queen of Cinders arrives in Northern China with a captured Brawn, only to be taken by surprise by Shang-Chi and the others, who defeat Sindr with Shang-Chi's training, although Pele (who is revealed to have been M-41 Zu, a mystically enhanced Atlas android) and the Monkey King sacrifice themselves in the process. Despite given the chance to surrender, Sindr flees using the Black Bifrost, only for Shang-Chi and the others to follow her with Brawn's teleporter, where they help Captain Marvel defeat her and her remaining forces at the Great Wall of China near Beijing. Shang-Chi is later shown fighting the remaining Fire Goblins alongside Wolverine, Hawkeye, and the Warriors Three in Shanghai. After Malekith's defeat, Shang-Chi is seen with the other Agents in Shanghai looking on while the captured Fire Goblins are escorted back to Muspelheim.

 New Agents of Atlas 
Shortly after the "War of the Realms" storyline, Shang-Chi encounters the Sword Master in New York City, who is searching for his missing father. Noticing the upstart hero's inexperience and recklessness, Shang takes Lin Lie under his wing to improve his skills. While Shang-Chi and the Sword Master are continuing their training in Flushing, they are interrupted when white lights begin engulfing the city. The two, who are reunited with the other Atlas agents and Giant-Man discover the cities they were in (along with other Asian, Pacific and predominantly Asian cities outside of Asia) have been merged and connected together with portals. Tech mogul Mike Nguyen of the Big Nguyen Company reveals himself to be behind the newly merged city, "Pan", which he states for 24 hours would allow every citizen to easily explore each other's respective cities without any political and economic restrictions.Sometime later, Shang-Chi and the Sword Master are confronted by Ares, who attempts to take Lin Lie's Fuxi sword. Shang-Chi makes a compromise to Ares: in exchange for Shang-Chi and the Sword Master helping him, Ares would help find Lin Lie's missing father. Ares accepts, explaining that his drakon son Ismenios had been abducted and that he wished to use the sword to kill Ismenios' kidnapper, who Ares believes to be another god. Using Pan Portals, the three are able to track Ismenios to a temple in Madripoor, where they encounter Davi Naka, the Mother Goddess of Madripoor. Naka reveals that Ismenios attempted to plunder Atlantis's treasure hoard during the absence of its sea serpent guardian, but was caught by Namor. Due to her duty to protect all dragons, Naka rescued Ismenios from Namor's wrath and imprisoned the young drakon in her temple for his protection and to placate the king. Naka further warns the group that despite her efforts, Namor is still outraged over the disappearance of his dragon and implores them to find her.Amadeus later approaches Shang-Chi and tasks him with locating Jimmy Woo, who has not contacted the team since Pan's creation. Along with Crescent, Shang-Chi infiltrates Woo's office in the Pan-Asian School for the Unusually Gifted in the Mumbai sector of Pan, where he discovers a photograph of Woo and Nguyen together. Shang-Chi and Crescent discover a secret tunnel in Woo's office that takes them to the Atlas Foundation's headquarters in the Pan sector of San Francisco, where they confront Woo and the Atlas Foundation's dragon adviser Mr. Lao, who introduces himself to the Atlas agents. Concurrently, the other Agents find Atlantis' missing sea serpent imprisoned in Nguyen's personal tower, where her magical scales are being harvested to power Pan's portals. Woo and Lao order the team to immediately release her while Nguyen argues that doing so would disrupt Pan's portals. Before a decision can be made, Namor emerges from the waters off of Pan's coast to reclaim his stolen dragon, kickstarting a war between Pan and Atlantis.

 Atlantis Attacks 
In the 2020 "Atlantis Attacks" storyline, Shang-Chi and the other New Agents of Atlas are summoned by Brawn during his confrontation with Namor. Namor warns the group to return Atlantis' dragon in a day or else face the wrath of Atlantis before retreating. After the skirmish, Shang-Chi and the other New Agents are introduced to the original Agents of Atlas by Woo. When Woo sends Namora, Venus, Aero and Wave to Atlantis for a diplomatic mission, Brawn discretely orders Shang-Chi and the Sword Master to spy on Namora, due to her familial ties with Namor. The dragon is eventually released from captivity, but upon arriving home she unexpectedly goes berserk and attacks the underwater kingdom. Witnessing the destruction caused by the dragon, Shang-Chi relays to Amadeus that Atlantis' scientists discovered an implant embedded in the dragon's scales to be the source of her behavior and that Namor believes Amadeus to be behind the sabotage, prompting the king to resume his attack on Pan. When Amadeus is forcibly transformed into the Hulk and put under Nguyen's control with Sirena tech in a last ditch effort to destroy Atlantis, Shang-Chi is able to remove the device from Amadeus, freeing him from Nguyen's control and reverting him back into Brawn. After the conflict, Shang-Chi admonishes Woo for using the team as his pawns and subsequently quits.

 Brothers and Sisters 
Yearning for an ordinary life, Shang-Chi relocates to San Francisco's Chinatown but crosses paths with Leiko, who had rejoined MI-6. When Leiko informs him that his father's organization might be active again, they are attacked by unknown assailants but are rescued by Brother Sabre and Sister Dagger, who reveal themselves to be Shang-Chi's half-siblings. The two reveal to Shang-Chi that he has been chosen by Zheng Zu's spirit as the next Supreme Commander of the Five Weapons Society, a secret organization created by their father centuries ago, the society has used various names over the years such as Si-Fan, Golden Dawn and Hai-Dai; it is also revealed to Shang-Chi that the Honan retreat he was raised in was the House of the Deadly Hand, one of the Society's five houses, and that he was its designated champion, Brother Hand. Sabre and Dagger ask their half-brother to return to their family and reclaim his rightful place as leader of the Society from its illegitimate leader Sister Hammer, who usurped control from the previous Commander, Brother Staff, and sent Staff's Warriors to kill Shang-Chi to consolidate her rule. Realizing that Hammer is his long-lost full sister, Shi-Hua, Shang-Chi vows to save her from his father's cult.Shang-Chi arrives at the House of the Deadly Staff in London, where he and Shi-Hua surprisingly have a tearful reunion. Shi-Hua explains to Shang-Chi the history of the Five Weapons Society and its five houses, which had gone through many names, including the Si-Fan, the Golden Dawn and Hai Dai; Shi-Hua reveals that she had been sent to the House of the Deadly Hammer in Russia as its Champion following their separation. Shang-Chi reveals the truth of their father's nature and attempts to convince Shi-Hua to leave the Society, but is rebuked. Mistakenly believing that Shang-Chi murdered Zheng Zu, Shi-Hua is outraged that their father's spirit would choose Shang-Chi over her to succeed him and reveals that she can only be legitimized as the Society's Supreme Commander by killing Shang-Chi. Shang-Chi realizes that his sister had poisoned him and begins to succumb to its effects. Instead of dying, Shang-Chi awakens in one of the House's laboratory, whose panicked scientists unleash a swarm of jiangshi to kill him. Shang-Chi is grievously wounded by a jiangshi and, before losing consciousness, he is rescued by Sabre and Dagger. While recuperating at the House of the Deadly Dagger in France, Shang-Chi is provided with a new ceremonial uniform and trains with Sabre and Dagger (who reveal their birth names to be Takeshi and Esme, respectively, to him) to prepare against Shi-Hua's jiangshi, which are powered by spirit energy and an "unavenged grievance". Shang-Chi notices that his wound has begun turning his flesh to resemble a jiangshi's, making him realize that he is slowly turning into one. A dilapidated spirit beckons Shang-Chi to the House's shrine room. Believing him to be his father, Shang-Chi uncovers a shrine dedicated to Zheng Zu's younger brother, Zheng Yi, and a mysterious map. The spirit reveals himself to be Yi and disappears before explaining anything else.Guided by the map, Shang-Chi and his siblings are directed to Yi's tomb in Henan, where Yi's spirit appears to him in full flesh. Shang-Chi requests Yi's guidance in stopping Shi-Hua and her jiangshi and to heal his festering wound inflicted by the jiangshi. Instead, Yi's spirit tells Shang-Chi to stop running away from his family, otherwise he would lose his way like his father and that his wounds would lead to something greater. Yi also reveals that Zu did not steal his life essence for immortality, but willingly gave it when Zu tried to save him from dying.When Shi-Hua and her jiangshi army attack London, Shang-Chi and his siblings arrive as back-up for Leiko and MI-6, providing them with paper amulets to purify the jiangshi. Shang-Chi begins to succumb to his wound and partially transforms into a jiangshi, allowing Shi-Hua to control his body to attack Takeshi and Esme. When Shang-Chi starts resisting, Shi-Hua plants a microchip containing her unavenged grievance on him to put him under her complete control. Instead of resisting, Shang-Chi calms himself, which transports the two to an astral plane where they witness memories of Shi-Hua's harsh upbringing by their father at the House of the Deadly Hand in Russia. Realizing that her anger is at Zheng Zu rather than Shang-Chi, Shi-Hua stops her assault, causing the jiangshi to collapse and Shang-Chi's wounds to heal. However, Shi-Hua blames Shang-Chi for robbing her of her life's purpose and flees before Leiko can apprehend her. On the day of the Lunar New Year, Shang-Chi is named the new Supreme Commander of the Five Weapons Society and with Takeshi and Esme at his side, Shang-Chi vows to keep the Society free of Zheng Zu's influence and to use it to protect all humankind. After the ceremony, Shang-Chi is visited by Zheng Zu's spirit, who congratulates him and comments that he is destined to become like him, unsettling Shang-Chi.

 The Equinox Blade 
While Shang-Chi is still in London, Leiko approaches him on behalf of MI-6 and asks him to steal the mystical Equinox Blade from the British Museum before it could be auctioned off due to the danger the sword poses . Leiko guides Shang-Chi via earpiece through the museum's security systems, but he encounters Lady Deathstrike, who had just stolen the blade and used its power to steal the souls of the museum's guards. After a prolonged struggle and with Leiko's help, Shang-Chi knocks Deathstrike out of a window and destroys the blade, freeing the souls it consumed to return to its victims.  For his trouble, Leiko treats Shang-Chi to gelato.

 Project Gelsemium 
Shortly after taking control of the Five Weapons Society, Shang-Chi and Leiko spend vacation together in Seoul, where they witness several gas bombs detonate across the city, turning victims into trees.  After helping White Fox rescue civilians from a gas explosion, they receive a broadcast of similar explosions happening in major cities worldwide. The three track the origin of one of the diffusors to an A.I.M. laboratory in London to, where they encounter scientist Jessa Chen, who claims she and other scientists are being forced against their will to create the bioweapon, named the Gelsemium Molecule. Leiko takes Chen to safety while Shang-Chi and White Fox fight A.I.M. guards; however Chen reveals herself as Doctor Gelsemium, the true mastermind behind the Gelsemium Molecule and uses her tree-like physiology to restrain Leiko before exposing her to a Molecule sample, taking her to a laboratory in the Pacific Northwest. With the helpf of Gelsemium's former co-workers who used to work for his father, Shang-Chi and White Fox find Leiko through her tracker and fight Gelsemium. After Gelsemium is defeated, Leiko is cured with an antidote which later supplied to Gelsemium's victims around the world.

 What Is vs. What If 
Shang-Chi encounters the Ruguo Coin and is faced with an alternate version of himself who remained faithful to his father from What If #16 (August 1979).

 Enter the Phoenix 
During the "Enter the Phoenix" storyline, Shang-Chi is chosen by the Phoenix Force to participate in her tournament alongside many other superheroes and supervillains to decide her next host. Along with the other champions, Shang-Chi is empowered by a spark of the Phoenix's cosmic fire and wins his first match against Hyperion, who is unable to control the Phoenix's power and immediately surrenders without fighting. For his next match, Shang-Chi is pitted against Captain America, who plans to throw the match and help train Shang-Chi into controlling the Phoenix, as he believes Shang-Chi is the ideal choice for the entity's next avatar. Before Shang-Chi can land the final blow, he vows to not use his powers to take another life, causing the Phoenix to intervene and eliminate him from the tournament, giving Captain America the win.

 Shang-Chi vs. the Marvel Universe 
As the new Supreme Commander of the Five Weapons Society, Shang-Chi finds himself struggling with balancing his loyalties between the superhero community and his family obligations. Sister Dagger and Brother Sabre become increasingly frustrated with the new direction Shang-Chi has for the Society while his newfound involvement with his father's criminal empire puts his superhero allies on edge. After establishing a new House of the Deadly Hand in New York City's Chinatown to serve as the Society's main headquarters, Shang-Chi is reunited with his exiled mutant half-sister Zheng Zhilan, who rejoins their family as the new Sister Staff, and his biological mother Jiang Li, who had been previously trapped in the Negative Zone for years. After Brother Sabre steals a Cosmic Cube from Captain America without Shang-Chi's knowledge to help his former lover Lady Iron Fan escape Captain America's custody, the Avengers, Spider-Man and Mister Fantastic confront Shang-Chi and the Society to reclaim the Cube. Shang-Chi realizes the truth when Brother Sabre discreetly uses the Cube's power to help Shang-Chi defeat Thor and relinquishes the Cube along with Takeshi as a prisoner to the Avengers. Despite Spider-Man and Jiang Li reassuring him, Shang-Chi's relationship with his siblings becomes strained while his former allies remain unconvinced of his conviction. Unbeknownst to Shang-Chi, these events are being orchestrated by Chieftain Xin, an old enemy of Zheng Zu, who conspires with Zhilan, Lady Iron Fan and former Society allies King Wild Man and the Red Dot Collective to bring an end to Shang-Chi's rule.

 Family of Origin and Blood and Monsters 
While spending time with his mother at the New House of the Deadly Hand, Jiang Li reveals her past to Shang-Chi, including her history as a Qilin Rider from the mystical dimension of Ta-Lo and how she met and married his father. Shang-Chi and Jiang Li are ambushed by Zhilan, Red Dot, King Wild Man, Lady Iron Fan and their henchmen; Jiang Li uses her psionic abilities to detect that they are being led by Xin, her father. Zhilan reveals that her betrayal is a ruse and helps Shang-Chi and the Society defeat the would-be assassins. Jiang Li explains to Shang-Chi the circumstances surrounding her disappearance and Xin's hatred towards Zu and his bloodline. Unfortunately, the assassins take Jiang Li hostage and escape though a portal created by Xin to Qilin Island. When Shang-Chi proves too difficult to defeat in combat, Xin resorts to creating several taotie from Shang-Chi's blood to hunt down anyone who possesses the bloodline of Zheng Zu. Shang-Chi rescues Takeshi and Shi-Hua when they are both attacked by taotie and the Qilin Riders, respectively, and reconciles with both of them. With all five of the Champions of the Five Weapons Society back together, Shang-Chi and his siblings take a makeshift portal to Ta-Lo to rescue his mother and stop his grandfather. The siblings are confronted by the Jade Emperor's guards for trespassing, with the Emperor himself arriving to capture them with his Ten Rings. While imprisoned in the Jade Palace dungeon, Zheng Zu's spirit visits Shang-Chi to convince him to take the Ten Rings to stop Xin from destroying their family. Xin, empowered by a taotie mask created from Shang-Chi's blood and Shi-Hua's severed hand, arrives at the dungeon to destroy the Zheng bloodline once and for all. Shang-Chi reluctantly allows his father to guide him to the Jade Emperor's vault containing the Ten Rings, donning them to save his siblings from his grandfather. When Shang-Chi tries resisting Zheng Zu's influence, Xin is able to take six of the Rings from him and defeats the Champions before heading to the House of the Deadly Hand to join the Qilin Riders in destroying the Society. Shang-Chi and his siblings are protected by the four remaining Rings, which is witnessed by the Jade Emperor, who allows Shang-Chi and the others to leave Ta-Lo to stop Xin on the condition that he returns the Ten Rings. At the House of the Deadly Hand, Shang-Chi fights Xin again but loses the remaining Ten Rings to his grandfather, who then orders the Riders to destroy New York City. With no other option, Shang-Chi gives in to Zu's influence, allowing him to reclaim all of the Rings from Xin, unlocking their full power and taking on his father's appearance and personality. Shang-Chi then uses the Rings to defeat Xin and all the Qilin Riders. Before a corrupted Shang-Chi can execute Xin, he is talked down by Jiang Li and his siblings, freeing him from Zu's influence. Shang-Chi has the Five Weapons Society repair the damage done to the city and tend to wounded civilians, revealing the Society's existence and his leadership to the public but restores his superhero allies' faith in him. Afterwards, Shang-Chi hands Xin and the Ten Rings to the Jade Emperor, who appoints Jiang Li as the new Chieftain of the Qilin Riders, forcing her to stay in Ta-Lo. Shang-Chi's siblings go their separate ways but leave on good terms with him.  One month after the ordeal, Shang-Chi discovers that the Ten Rings have left Ta-Lo and arrived at the House of the Deadly Hand.

 Secrets and Fool Me Twice 
Sometime before the Ten Rings return to him, Shang-Chi reunites with Jimmy Woo to take down illegal fighting rings organized by Crossfire, where unwilling participants, particularly those of color, are mentally coerced in fighting each other by Crossfire's brainwashing technology. After Crossfire and his brokers apprehended by the two with help from the Agents of Atlas, Five Weapons Society, Champions and Leiko, Shang-Chi and Jimmy reflect on their similar backgrounds and different upbringings before reconciling with each other.  Shang-Chi later discovers that the Eyes of the Dragon survived their destruction and were stolen by the Inhuman criminal Kamran. Shang-Chi, Sister Dagger and Sister Staff track down the Eyes to Jersey City, New Jersey, where they prevent Kamran from using the Eyes on Ms. Marvel to sacrifice her life to prolong that his boss, the Inhuman crimelord Lineage.

 Shang-Chi and the Ten Rings 
Unable to access the gateways to Ta Lo, Shang-Chi has the Ten Rings sealed in a vault within the House of the Deadly Hand. Due to the final battle between Shang-Chi and Xin being televised all over the world, the Ten Rings have become public knowledge, prompting several criminal organizations into attacking the House of the Deadly Hand to claim the Rings, forcing Shang-Chi to don them again to fight them off. Shang-Chi leaves the Rings in another vault while accompanying Leiko in rescuing Clive Reston; Shang-Chi discovers the rescue mission is a ruse orchestrated by MI6 to keep him preoccupied while the Ten Rings are stolen by Black Jack Tarr and his men.  When MI6 and MI13 accidentally summon an eldritch parasite called the Wyrm of Desolation with the Ten Rings, Shang-Chi saves them and reacquires the Rings, but not before admonishing his former friends for betraying him.  These events are witnessed by the Xian Jinzha and Muzha, who question Shang-Chi's worthiness of wielding the Ten Rings, prompting them to host a Game of Rings to find a true Ring Keeper.Shang-Chi and nine other fighters are summoned to the Meritorious Striving Pagoda in the Ta Lo as participants for the Game of Rings; each player is given one of the Ten Rings and forced to fight against one another in the pagoda, with the winner receiving all Ten Rings.  Shang-Chi forms an alliance with Shen Kuei and each are able to claim two Rings apiece before advancing to the pagoda's next floor.  On the next floor, Shang-Chi and Shen Kuei meet Jinzha and Muzha, who reveal the history of the Ten Rings to them.  Shang-Chi and Shen Keui are attacked by Leiko, who had been possessed by a spawn of the Desolation Wyrm and entered the tournament as a contestant.  After Shang-Chi frees her from the Wyrmspawn, Leiko apologizes to Shang-Chi for the theft of the Ten Rings and withdraws from the tournament.  However, Shen Kuei betrays Shang-Chi and steals Leiko's Ring from him as both advance to the final floor of the pagoda.  As Shang-Chi and Shen Kuei fight in the final round, Shen Kuei willingly consumes the Wrymspawn to defeat Shang-Chi.  Shang-Chi is rescued by the other remaining player, Red Cannon, who reveals herself to be Shi-Hua.  Shi-Hua destroys the Wyrmspawn but when she is prevented by Shang-Chi from killing Shen Kuei, she gives her Rings to Shang-Chi and withdraws from the tournament.  Shang-Chi pleads with Jinzha and Muzha to heal Shen Kuei; the brothers honor his request and send Shen Kuei back to his home dimension.  Shang-Chi is declared winner of the Game of Rings and is congratulated by Jiang Li and the Jade Emperor, who reveal themselves to have orchestrated the Game of Rings to test Shang-Chi's worthiness of wielding the Rings.  The Emperor warns Shang-Chi of a looming threat to Earth that can only be stopped by a worthy Ring-Keeper on Earth, which was why he entrusted the Ten Rings with Shang-Chi.During a mission with his siblings to thwart a gang of Zheng Zu's loyalists from summoning an earlier version of their father from the past, Shang-Chi is accidentally sent back in time to the First Opium War where he encounters younger versions of Zheng Zu and Zheng Yi and that era's Deadly Warriors.  Shang-Chi is taken aback by Zu's heroic and amiable personality and befriends him.  The two work together to apprehend a corrupt constable and part on good terms as Shang-Chi is transported back to the present.

 Gang War 
During the events of "Gang War", Shang-Chi attends a meeting held by the heads of New York's criminal families following the attempted assassination of Tombstone, claiming that he acting in the best interests of the Five Weapons Society.  As Tombstone's coma has left a power vacuum within the criminal underworld, tensions between rival superpowered gangs escalates to a city-wide gang war; due to the close proximities of their organizations' territories, Shang-Chi is forced to intervene during a destructive turf war between Mister Negative and Lady Yulan.  Spider-Man confronts Shang-Chi for his involvement with the other crime lords, but Shang-Chi explains that he is only doing so to protect Chinatown's citizens and reassures Spider-Man that he would keep the Society confined to Chinatown.  Believing that Shang-Chi's actions are weakening the Society, several members led by Captain Feng stage a coup against him, which Shang-Chi easily fights off.  However, several of Feng's sorcerers trap the Ten Rings within a magic prison, robbing Shang-Chi of his weapons.  Hoping to find a way to keep Chinatown safe without the Rings, Shang-Chi sends a message to Mr. Negative, Yulan and Diamondback, requesting they each send their best champion to challenge him in a duel for control of Chinatown.  The three crimelords accept the challenge but attend the duel themselves.  Shang-Chi easily defeats them but discovers they each had sent decoys in their places while focusing their attention on having their forces destroy each other, which Shang-Chi had planed to happen.  Shang-Chi's gambit to pit his biggest rivals against each other while keeping them out of Chinatown succeeds, it creates further destruction throughout the rest of city, prompting Mayor Luke Cage into gathering Spider-Man, Danny Rand, She-Hulk and Tombstone to confront him.

 Powers and abilities 
Shang-Chi's fighting skills are so great that he has been able to beat numerous superhuman opponents. Shang-Chi is classed as an athlete but he is one of the best non-superhumans in martial arts and has dedicated much of his life to the art, being referred to by some as the greatest empty-hand fighter and practitioner of kung fu alive, with even Ares acknowledging him as one of the few mortals who can hold their own against a god without the use of magic. In addition, Shang-Chi has battled superpowered foes like Ben Grimm of the Fantastic Four in hand-to-hand combat and proved a formidable opponent. Many of his physical abilities seem to stem from his mastery of chi, which often allows him to surpass physical limitations of normal athletes. He has also demonstrated the ability to dodge and catch bullets from machine guns and sniper rifles, and is able to deflect gunshots with his bracers. Shang-Chi is also highly trained in concentration and meditation, and is an expert in various hand weapons including swords, staffs, kali sticks, nunchaku, and shuriken.
Due to his martial arts prowess, Shang-Chi is a highly sought out teacher and has mentored many characters in kung fu and hand-to-hand combat. Some of Shang-Chi's most prominent students and sparring partners have included Captain America, Spider-Man, and Wolverine.He is also very in tune with the chi emitted by all living beings, to the point where he was able to detect the psionically masked Jean Grey by sensing her energy.During his time with the Avengers, Shang-Chi was given special equipment by Tony Stark. This included a pair of gauntlets that allowed him to focus his chi in ways that increased his strength and a pair of repulsor-powered nunchaku. Even without such equipment, his mastery of ki enables him to challenge powerful foes like the Builders or even gamma mutates.Originally having no superpowers, Shang-Chi has temporarily gained superpowers on several occasions. During the events of Spider-Island, he briefly gained the same powers and abilities as Spider-Man after being infected by the Spider-Virus. After mutating into a giant spider, he was cured of his infection by Iron Fist's chi, although at the cost of him losing his spider-powers. In Avengers World Shang-Chi briefly used Pym Particles to grow to immense size. Following exposure to the cosmic radiation from the Incursions, Shang-Chi was able to create an unlimited number of duplicates of himself.Shortly after reuniting with his mother, Shang-Chi discovered that he inherited Jiang Li's psionic abilities, allowing him to form psychic bonds with his blood relatives. These bonds allow Shang-Chi to sense their location or feel any pain that is inflicted upon them. Shang-Chi's psionic abilities also extend to his dead relatives, allowing him to communicate and interact with the spirits of his deceased uncle and father.While adventuring in Ta-Lo, Shang-Chi acquired the heavenly Ten Rings from the Jade Emperor, granting him a variety of powers and abilities, including superhuman strength, speed, durability and stamina, as well as allowing him to fly and levitate. Shang-Chi can control the Rings telepathically which can be used in a variety of ways, including launching them as projectiles, utilizing them as platforms for transportation and generating makeshift chains to grab objects and restrain opponents. The Ten Rings can also alter their size, either shrinking down to fit Shang-Chi's wrists or enlarge themselves to ensnare a human. When Shang-Chi first wore the Ten Rings, his fear of their power corrupting him allowed Chieftain Xin to take control of the Rings away from him. However, when Shang-Chi gave in to his desire, he was able to reclaim the Ten Rings and unlock their potential, increasing his strength and abilities but giving him a similar likeness and personality of his father. Although Shang-Chi was able to completely fight off his father's influence, the Ten Rings still retained their unlocked power and loyalty to him.

 Other versions 

 Earth-79816 
Shang-Chi believes that his Zheng Zu is a benefactor, he is shown to be loyal to Zheng Zu and the Five Weapons Society.

 Secret Wars (2015) 
In the 2015 Secret Wars storyline, a version of Shang-Chi resides in the wuxia-inspired K'un-Lun region of Battleworld. In this continuity, he is the exiled son of Emperor Zheng Zu, Master of the Ten Rings, a ruthless martial arts school that uses mystical powers and techniques based on the powers of the Mandarin's ten rings from the mainstream continuity. Shang-Chi is wanted for the murder of Lord Tuan, the master of the Iron Fist school, the main rivals of the Ten Rings school. A drunk vagabond, Shang-Chi is approached by Kitten to help teach her and her group of fellow outcasts who had been exiled from each of their respective schools the techniques of the Ten Rings. Ashamed by his upbringing, Shang-Chi coldly refuses and insults the group, outraging their leader, Callisto, who informs the emperor of Shang-Chi's whereabouts. The gang's hideout raided by K'un Lun's sheriff and Tuan's student Rand-K'ai, the emperor's assassin Red Sai of the Red Hand school and Ten Rings enforcer Laughing Skull but after Laughing Skull kills outcast Cy against Rand-K'ai's orders, Shang-Chi helps the group escape with the Nightbringer technique. A guilt ridden Shang-Chi agrees to take the outcasts as his pupils, dubbing their new school The Lowest Caste. Shang-Chi returns from his exile to represent the Lowest Caste for the tournament held every thirteen years to decide which participating master would be the next ruler of K'un-Lun. Zu allows Shang-Chi to participate but alters the rules so Shang-Chi would have to defeat every representative before facing him in the Thirteen Chambers. After defeating Namor, Drew, Karnak, Lady Mandarin, Ava, Creed, Spector and T'Challa in consecutive matches, Shang-Chi encounters Rand-K'ai and Red Sai in the penultimate match of the Thirteen Chambers. During the fight, Red Sai confesses that Zu had sent her to assassinate his rival Tuan but ultimately failed. To spare his lover and her students from the emperor's wrath, Shang-Chi killed Tuan; Zu implicated and exiled his son for the murder to cover his own involvement. After the truth is revealed, Red Sai and Rand-K'ai let Shang-Chi pass so that he could defeat his father. During the fight between Shang-Chi and Zheng Zu, Zu attempts to kill his son with the Spectral Touch technique, only for the move to pass through him due to Shang-Chi learning Kitten's technique to become intangible. Shang-Chi proceeds to use nine of the Ten Ring techniques against his father and ultimately defeats him with The Gorgon's Eye, which turns him into stone. With Zu's defeat, Shang-Chi becomes the new emperor of K'un-Lun.

 House of M 
In the alternate timeline of the House of M storyline, Shang-Chi never realizes his father's evil doings before his death at Magneto's hands. This causes him to become consumed with a desire for vengeance. In this reality, Shang-Chi is the head of the Dragons criminal organization, alongside Colleen Wing, the Swordsman, Mantis, Zaran the Weapons Master and Machete. The Dragons later resolved their rivalry against Luke Cage's gang, but were eventually captured in a trap created by both the Kingpin's assassins and Thunderbird's agents. The Dragons and the Wolfpack were freed by Luke Cage, in which Shang-Chi's gang join the Avengers in their battle against the Brotherhood.

 Marvel Apes 
In this simian version of the Marvel Universe, Shang-Chi and his father work as a subversive organization, trying to get the local sentients to work in peace and not in animalistic domination. The Avengers (Ape-vengers) murder him for this 'weak-minded' sentiment.

 Marvel Zombies 
In the Marvel Zombies continuity, Shang-Chi is turned into a zombie during a multi-hero effort to rescue surviving civilians. In a mid-Manhattan battle, detailed in Ultimate Fantastic Four #23, he and dozens of other zombie-heroes attempt to consume the last batch of humans. These humans are defended by that universe's Magneto and the Ultimate Fantastic Four. During a successful rescue attempt, Thing sends Shang-Chi flying through the air with one punch. Shang-Chi is then seen attacking Magneto once again, but he is cut in half by the Master of Magnetism. A different Shang-Chi appears in Marvel Zombies Return in an alternate universe where he is unaffected by the zombie outbreak. The zombie Wolverine finds him in an underground fight club, engaging with other infamous martial artists. The flesh-hungry mutant slashes him to death.

 Ultimate Marvel 
In the Ultimate Marvel universe, Shang-Chi first appeared in Ultimate Marvel Team-Up #15. He is the son of an international crime lord. Trained from birth to become a living weapon, he became the world's greatest martial artist and being a noble spirit, he eventually came to renounce his father's empire. Seeking to get away from his father's reach, he emigrated to New York where he worked as a floor sweeper at Wu's Fish Market in Chinatown. Feeling that the denizens of New York's Chinatown needed someone to protect them, he and his friend Danny Rand were drawn into the gang war between the Kingpin and Hammerhead after the latter targeted him to win over the Chinatown gangs to his cause. The conflict climaxed when Shang-Chi, Danny Rand, Spider-Man, the Black Cat, the Moon Knight and Elektra ambushed Hammerhead's penthouse, where a battle royale ensued. It ended with an unconscious Elektra, Hammerhead and Moon Knight. The gang members were then arrested by the police.The martial arts warrior disguised himself as a costumed criminal in order to take down the Kingpin. The Kingpin discovered his plan and threatened to kill the hero, but he was rescued by Daredevil, who then recruited him as a part of his team to take down the Kingpin. After the Kingpin's identity is leaked to the New York Police Department, Shang-Chi and the team disbanded and went their separate ways.

 Earth-13584 
In A.I.M.'s pocket dimension of Earth-13584, Shang-Chi appears as a member of Spider-Man's gang.

 In other media 

 Film 

According to Margaret Loesch, former president and CEO of Marvel Productions, in the 1980s Stan Lee considered Brandon Lee for the role of Shang-Chi and met with the actor and his mother Linda Lee to discuss a potential movie or television series starring the character. In 2001, Stephen Norrington announced his intentions to direct a Shang-Chi film entitled The Hands of Shang-Chi. By 2003, the film was in development at DreamWorks Pictures with Yuen Woo-Ping replacing Norrington as director and Bruce C. McKenna hired to write the screenplay. Ang Lee joined the project as a producer in 2004, but the film did not materialize after that point and the rights to the character reverted to Marvel. In 2006, Shang-Chi was chosen as one of the many properties in Marvel Studios' new film deal with Paramount Pictures, along with Captain America, Nick Fury, Doctor Strange, Hawkeye, Power Pack, the Black Panther and Cloak and Dagger.
In December 2018, Marvel Studios hired David Callaham to write the screenplay for a Shang-Chi film set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. In March 2019, Destin Daniel Cretton was hired to direct. Guntis Sics, the sound mixer on Thor: Ragnarok, revealed in an interview that filming will take place in Australia. At San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Simu Liu was announced to portray the character in the film Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings. Originally set for a February 2021 release, the film's release date was moved to May due to the COVID-19 pandemic putting production on hold. The film was eventually released on September 3, 2021.

 Video games 
Shang-Chi appears as an unlockable playable character in Marvel Future Fight.
Shang-Chi appears as a card in Marvel Duel.
Shang-Chi appears as an unlockable playable character in Marvel Contest of Champions.
Shang-Chi appears as an unlockable playable character in Marvel Strike Force.
Shang-Chi appears as an unlockable playable character in Marvel Puzzle Quest.
Shang-Chi appears as an unlockable playable character in Marvel Super War, voiced by Kaiji Tang.
Shang-Chi appears as a purchasable outfit in Fortnite Battle Royale.

 Books 
Shang-Chi appears in a Little Golden Book written by Michael Chen.
Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings: Who Guards My Sleep by Marie Chow.
World Of Reading -This is Shang-Chi. Disney Book Publishing Inc., 2021. ISBN 1-36806-997-5

 Miscellaneous 
Shang-Chi appears in Marvel United, published by CMON Limited.
Shang-Chi appears in Legendary: A Marvel Deck Building Game.
Shang-Chi appears in the Marvel Multiverse Role-Playing Game.

 Collected editions 
Shang-Chi: Master of Kung Fu (collects Shang-Chi: Master of Kung Fu #1–6), 144 pages, May 2003, ISBN 978-0785111245
Deadly Hands of Kung Fu: Out of the Past (collects Deadly Hands of Kung Fu (vol. 2) #1–4 and The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu #1, 32–33), 160 pages, November 4, 2014, ISBN 978-0785190783
Master of Kung Fu: Battleworld (collects Master of Kung Fu (vol. 2) #1–4 and Ronin #2), 112 pages, January 2016, ISBN 978-0785198796
Shang-Chi: Master of Kung Fu Omnibus
Vol. 1 collects Special Marvel Edition #15–16, Master of Kung Fu #17–37, Giant-Size Master of Kung Fu #1–4, Giant-Size Spider-Man #2 and material from Iron Man Annual #4, 696 pages, June 14, 2016, ISBN 978-1302901295
Vol. 2 collects Master of Kung Fu #38–70 and Master of Kung Fu Annual #1, 664 pages, September 20, 2016, ISBN 978-1302901301
Vol. 3 collects Master of Kung Fu #71–101 and What If? #16, 696 pages, March 14, 2017, ISBN 978-1302901318
Vol. 4 collects Master of Kung Fu #102–125, Marvel Comics Presents #1–8 and Master of Kung Fu: Bleeding Black #1, 748 pages, October 17, 2017, ISBN 978-1302901325
Deadly Hands of Kung Fu Omnibus
Vol. 1 collects The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu #1–18, The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu Special Album Edition and The Deadliest Heroes of Kung Fu, 1,152 pages, November 15, 2016, ISBN 978-1302901332
Vol. 2 collects The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu #19–33 and material from Bizarre Adventures #25, 1,000 pages, June 20, 2017 ISBN 978-1302901349
Epic Collection
Master of Kung Fu Epic Collection: Weapon of the Soul collects Special Marvel Edition #15–16, Master of Kung Fu #17–28, Giant-Size Master of Kung Fu #1–4, Giant-Size Spider-Man #2 and Iron Man Annual #4	480, March 14, 2018 ISBN 978-1302901356
Master of Kung Fu Epic Collection: Fight Without Pity collects Master of Kung Fu #29–53; Master of Kung Fu Annual #1, June 26, 2019  ISBN 978-1302901363
Master of Kung Fu Epic Collection: Traitors to the Crown collects Master of Kung Fu #54–79, TBA  ISBN 978-1302901370
Shang-Chi: Earth's Mightiest Martial Artist collects X-Men (vol. 2)  #62-64, Heroes for Hire (vol. 1) #18-19, Shadowland: Spider-Man #1, Secret Avengers (vol. 1) #18, Avengers (vol. 5) #11 April 13, 2021 ISBN 978-1302925277
Shang-Chi by Gene Luen Yang
Vol 1. collects Shang-Chi (vol. 1) #1–5, April 13, 2021 ISBN 9781302924850
Vol 2. collects Shang-Chi (vol. 2) #1-6, January 11, 2022  ISBN 9781302930233
Vol 3. collects Shang-Chi (vol. 2)  #7-12, Marvel's Voices: Identity (vol. 1) #1 (Shang-Chi story) August 10, 2022 ISBN 9781302930240
Shang-Chi Marvel-Verse collects Wolverine: First Class #9, Marvel Adventures Spider-Man #2, Free Comic Book Day 2011 #1, Master of Kung Fu  #126, The Legend of Shang-Chi #1, June 8, 2021 ISBN 978-1302927776

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Shang-Chi at the Comic Book DB (archived from the original)
Shang-Chi at the Marvel Universe wiki
Character close up – Shang-Chi at Marvel.com
Shang-Chi, Master of Kung Fu at Don Markstein's Toonopedia. Archived from the original on February 15, 2016

Rasa Clorinda
Clarinda (sometimes known also as Clorinda) (c. 1746 - c. 1806) was an Indian Christian missionary, founder of a church in Tirunelveli. She was the first Christian convert of Tirunelveli and also built the first Church of Protestant Christian worship, namely, the well known, Clarinda Church, situated near St. John's College, Palayamkottai, Tirunelveli.

 Early years 
According to the historical romance novel 'Clarinda A Historical Novel' which is based on the real life of Clarinda, written closer to the times Clarinda lived and the basis for the character profiling of Clarinda and some events of her life in this article, her maiden name was Kokila. She was the ward of her grandfather and was brought up with loving care and given the best of education. As a young girl she was diligent, tenacious and accomplished. Even at that tender age she showed a sense of empathy and was kind and gentle to all. At the same time she was contemporary and bold with outspoken ideas against the customs and superstitions, specifically that of the treatment of women, of those times - characteristics indicating the redoubtable lady she will one day become, as her benefactors would like to say.

 Marriage and after 
According to common custom in those days she was given in marriage early to a wealthy man of high rank in the royal court. But a short time later her husband died leaving her a widow. It is a common belief that she was rescued from the funeral pyre of the ensuing Sati, by a soldier of the British army, Henry Lyttleton, who was passing along and who took pity on her seeing the plight of her horrendous circumstances. (The historical romance novel (fiction) 'Clarinda A Historical Novel' provides a detailed account of this event.)

 Clarinda and Lyttleton 
After the rescue, Clarinda and Lyttleton started living together as they found the relationship to be compatible. It is said that they had a son from this consummate partnership though they remained unmarried. Lyttleton being a British Protestant Christian started to familiarise her with the Christian doctrine which she imbibed and embraced wholeheartedly.

 Conversion and baptism 
At this point she had personally embraced Christianity completely and had started to live accordingly. Since generally baptism of some kind is a necessary requirement in the Christian doctrine she requested (1774) Rev. C. F. Schwartz, who was a British CMS (Church Mission Society) missionary doing service in those parts and with whom she was acquainted, to baptise her. Anyway Schwartz refused to comply as he thought she was leading a questionable life of sin of illegal partnership. Meanwhile, Lyttleton suddenly died from gout. After about four years (1778), Clarinda once again requested Schwartz to baptise her saying, now that her partner was dead, her past life should in no way be detrimental for her baptism. This time Schwartz, taking into account her life of devotion and selfless service, did not refuse and duly baptised her (1778), changing her name to Clarinda. She was the very first Christian convert in Tirunelveli District.

 Missionary work and social service 
After her baptism she immersed herself in the missionary work and social services with complete zeal. She brought more willing people into Christianity through conversion in Tirunelveli and suburbs and built the Clarinda Church in Palayamkottai (1784) for the small congregation of fifty people or so to gather and worship. This Church/congregation is said to be the pioneer of the Diocese system that is now in place. She took up the cause of the under privileged, downtrodden, destitutes, widows, orphans providing them the necessary support and aid and education, particularly helping the uneducated poor women towards their empowerment.  In this regard, she found ways to build on the shared ethical ideals of certain Hindu and Christian communities to improve the lives of India women, even in that early semi-unenlightened era. She had the Clarinda Church consecrated by Schwartz (1785). This Church now is a major place of worship for Christians and others as well. She was instrumental in building schools in Palayamkottai which are now major educational institutions and other small Churches for the congregations she had managed to form in neighboring villages. For all this she used her own private funds without depending much on contributions or grants. She had to face, along the way, innumerable difficulties, from the non Christian majority around, the schisms of the Church, personal short comings and unexpected hindrances. But she was undaunted and never gave up on her purpose. Many among the Christian communities consider her a veritable and renowned missionary worker of her times. She died in c. 1806.

 References 

2022 Nashville SC season
The 2022 Nashville SC season was the club's third season as a member of Major League Soccer. The club returned to the Western Conference following the addition of Charlotte FC to the Eastern Conference.

 Roster 

 Current roster 
As of May 13, 2022

 Competitions 

 Major League Soccer 

 Standings 

 Match results 

 MLS Cup Playoffs 

 First round 

 U.S. Open Cup 

Due to finishing in the top four of their conference in 2021, Nashville SC will enter the tournament in the Round of 32, with draws announced April 22, 2022, and matches played May 10–11, 2022. This will be their first Open Cup campaign as a member of Major League Soccer, after competing in 2018 and 2019 as a member of the United Soccer League/USL Championship.

 Leagues Cup 

 References 

Jacob Malkoun
Jacob Malkoun (born August 26, 1995) is an Australian mixed martial artist who competes in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.

 Background 
At the age of 16, Malkoun started training in martial arts after his father put him in a local boxing gym to shed some his 115 kg Rugby League Prop’s frame where he trains with former UFC Middleweight champion Robert Whittaker. Malkoun is an ADCC Asia 2019 Trials winner and a 2019 Pan Pacific Gold Medalist. He also has a 3-0 record as a Pro Boxer.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
Debuting in 2017, Malkoun compiled a 4–0 record on the regional Australian scene, winning his debut against Cam Rowston at BRACE 47 via unanimous decision. He would go on to win his next two bouts by the way off TKO; against Ryan Heketa at Hex Fight Series 17 and Christophe Van Dijk at Wollongong Wars 7. In his last bout on the regional scene, he defeated Sebastian Temesi at Eternal MMA 48 via unanimous decision.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
Malkoun made his UFC debut at UFC 254 on October 24, 2020 against Phil Hawes. Malkoun lost the fight via knockout 18 seconds into round one.Malkoun faced Abdul Razak Alhassan on April 17, 2021, at UFC on ESPN 22. He won the fight via unanimous decision.Malkoun faced AJ Dobson on February 12, 2022 at UFC 271. He won the fight via unanimous decision.Malkoun faced Brendan Allen on June 11, 2022 at UFC 275. He lost the bout via unanimous decision.Malkoun faced Nick Maximov  on October 15, 2022, at UFC Fight Night 212. He won the fight via unanimous decision.Malkoun is scheduled to face Al Aiaskhab Khizriev on September 23, 2023, at UFC Fight Night 228. However, Khizriev was pulled from the event for undisclosed reasons, and he was replaced by newcomer Robert Bryczek. Bryczek was then in turn replaced by Cody Brundage. Malkoun lost the fight via disqualification in the first round, rendering Brundage unable to continue after an illegal elbow to the back of Brundage's head.Malkoun is scheduled to face Andre Petroski on March 30, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 241.

 Personal life 
Malkoun's moniker "Mamba" is  after the late NBA Lakers player Kobe Bryant.Malkoun works as a Jiu Jitsu instructor at Smeaton Grange Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in Sydney.

 Championships and accomplishments 

 Grappling 
2019: ADCC Asian & Oceanic Championship - 1st place in 99 kg class (Tokyo)

 Mixed martial arts record 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 
Professional MMA record for Jacob Malkoun from Sherdog
Jacob Malkoun at UFC

2010 Michigan Attorney General election
The 2010 Michigan Attorney General election took place on November 2, 2010, to elect the Attorney General of Michigan. Two-term incumbent Mike Cox was term-limited by the Michigan Constitution from seeking a third term. Republican Bill Schuette, a former Congressman, state Senator and judge of the Michigan Court of Appeals, defeated Genesee County Prosecutor David Leyton with 54 percent of the vote.

 Republican convention 

 Candidates 

 Nominee 
Bill Schuette, former U.S. Representative, Judge of the Michigan Court of Appeals and state Senator,

 Eliminated at convention 
Mike Bishop, Majority Leader of the Michigan Senate

 Withdrew 
Bruce Patterson, state SenatorPatterson, a term-limited state Senator, was the first to form a campaign, forming an exploratory campaign in January, though he did not compete for the nomination at the Republican Party Convention in August 2010. After being expected to win the nomination handily, Schuette defeated Bishop by less than 100 votes to secure the nomination.

 Democratic convention 

 Candidates 

 Nominee 
David Leyton, Genesee County Prosecutor

 Withdrew 
Richard Bernstein, Attorney
Gretchen Whitmer, state SenatorDespite filing for the race, both Bernstein and Whitmer withdrew before the state Democratic Party Convention and Leyton won the nomination uncontested.

 Minor parties 

 Libertarian Party 
Daniel W. Grow, attorney

 U.S. Taxpayers Party 
Gerald Van Sickle, attorney, nominee for Attorney General of Michigan in 2002

 General election 

 Results 

 References 

 External links 
Official campaign websites

Bill Schuette for Attorney General

 See also 

Use value
Use value (German: Gebrauchswert) or value in use is a concept in classical political economy and Marxist economics. It refers to the tangible features of a commodity (a tradeable object) which can satisfy some human requirement, want or need, or which serves a useful purpose. In Karl Marx's critique of political economy, any product has a labor-value and a use-value, and if it is traded as a commodity in markets, it additionally has an exchange value, defined as the proportion by which a commodity can be exchanged for other entities, most often expressed as a money-price.Marx acknowledges that commodities being traded also have a general utility, implied by the fact that people want them, but he argues that this by itself says nothing about the specific character of the economy in which they are produced and sold.

 Origin of the concept 
The concepts of value, use value, utility, exchange value and price have a very long history in economic and philosophical thought. From Aristotle to Adam Smith and David Ricardo, their meanings have evolved.  Smith recognized that commodities may have an exchange-value but may satisfy no use-value, such as diamonds, while a commodity with a very high use-value may have a very low exchange-value, such as water.  Marx comments for example that "in English writers of the 17th century we frequently find worth in the sense of value in use, and value in the sense of exchange-value." With the expansion of market economy, however, the focus of economists has increasingly been on prices and price-relations, the social process of exchange as such being assumed to occur as a naturally given fact.In The Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844, Marx emphasizes that the use-value of a labour-product is practical and objectively determined; that is, it inheres in the intrinsic characteristics of a product that enable it to satisfy a human need or want. The use-value of a product therefore exists as a material reality according to social needs regardless of the individual need of any particular person. The use-value of a commodity is specifically a social use-value, meaning that it has a generally accepted use-value for others in society, and not just for the producer.

 Marx's definition 
Marx first defines use-value precisely in A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy (1859) where he explains:

To begin with, a commodity, in the language of the English economists, is 'any thing necessary, useful or pleasant in life,' an object of human wants, a means of existence in the widest sense of the term. Use-value as an aspect of the commodity coincides with the physical palpable existence of the commodity. Wheat, for example, is a distinct use-value differing from the use-values of cotton, glass, paper, etc. A use-value has value only in use, and is realized only in the process of consumption. One and the same use-value can be used in various ways. But the extent of its possible application is limited by its existence as an object with distinct properties. It is, moreover, determined not only qualitatively but also quantitatively. Different use-values have different measures appropriate to their physical characteristics; for example, a bushel of wheat, a quire of paper, a yard of linen. Whatever its social form may be, wealth always consists of use-values, which in the first instance are not affected by this form. From the taste of wheat it is not possible to tell who produced it, a Russian serf, a French peasant or an English capitalist. Although use-values serve social needs and therefore exist within the social framework, they do not express the social relations of production. For instance, let us take as a use-value a commodity such as a diamond. We cannot tell by looking at it that the diamond is a commodity. Where it serves as an aesthetic or mechanical use-value, on the neck of a courtesan or in the hand of a glass-cutter, it is a diamond and not a commodity. To be a use-value is evidently a necessary prerequisite of the commodity, but it is immaterial to the use-value whether it is a commodity. Use-value as such, since it is independent of the determinate economic form, lies outside the sphere of investigation of political economy. It belongs in this sphere only when it is itself a determinate form. Use-value is the immediate physical entity in which a definite economic relationship—exchange-value—is expressed.
The concept is also introduced at the beginning of Das Kapital, where Marx writes, but in the extract below he holds it up as a critique of Hegel's liberal "Philosophy of Right".  He remained a sharp critic of what was to the Marxian view a destructive philosophy:

The utility of a thing makes it a use value. But this utility is not a thing of air. Being limited by the physical properties of the commodity, it has no existence apart from that commodity. A commodity, such as iron, corn, or a diamond, is therefore, so far as it is a material thing, a use value, something useful. This property of a commodity is independent of the amount of labour required to appropriate its useful qualities. When treating of use value, we always assume to be dealing with definite quantities, such as dozens of watches, yards of linen, or tons of iron. The use values of commodities furnish the material for a special study, that of the commercial knowledge of commodities.  Use values become a reality only by use or consumption: they also constitute the substance of all wealth, whatever may be the social form of that wealth. In the form of society we are about to consider, they are, in addition, the material depositories of exchange value."
This was a direct reference by Marx to Hegel's Elements of the Philosophy of Right §63 as Marx adds:

A thing can be a use value, without having value. This is the case whenever its utility to man is not due to labour. Such are air, virgin soil, natural meadows, &c. A thing can be useful, and the product of human labour, without being a commodity. Whoever directly satisfies his wants with the produce of his own labour, creates, indeed, use values, but not commodities. In order to produce the latter, he must not only produce use values, but use values for others, social use values. (And not only for others, without more. The mediaeval peasant produced quit-rent-corn for his feudal lord and tithe-corn for his parson. But neither the quit-rent-corn nor the tithe-corn became commodities by reason of the fact that they had been produced for others. To become a commodity a product must be transferred to another, whom it will serve as a use value, by means of an exchange.) Lastly nothing can have value, without being an object of utility. If the thing is useless, so is the labour contained in it; the labour does not count as labour, and therefore creates no value.
Marx acknowledges that a nominal price or value can be imputed to goods or assets which are not reproducible goods and not produced by human labour, as correctly noted later by Engels that a product is not necessarily a commodity. However Marx generally holds that only human labour expended can create value compared with Nature, through instrumentation known as modus operandi, or the method of working.

 Transformation into a commodity 
"As exchange-values, all commodities are merely definite quantities of congealed labour-time", wrote Karl Marx. The discrepancy of the true purpose of value came to be one of the biggest sources of conflict between capital and labour.  The transformation of a use-value into a social use-value and into a commodity (the process of commodification) is not automatic or spontaneous, but has technical, social and political preconditions. For example, it must be possible to trade it, and to transfer ownership or access rights to it from one person or organization to another in a secure way. There must also be a real market demand for it. And all that may depend greatly on the nature of the use-value itself, as well as the ability to package, store, preserve and transport it. In the case of information or communication as use-values, transforming them into commodities may be a complex and problem-fraught process.Thus, the objective characteristics of use-values are very important for understanding (1) the development and expansion of market trade, and (2) necessary technical relationships between different economic activities (e.g. supply chains). To produce a car, for example, you objectively require steel, and this steel is required, regardless of what its price might be. Necessary relationships therefore exist between different use-values, because they are technically, materially and practically related. Some authors therefore write about an "industrial complex" or "technological complex", indicating thereby how different technological products are linked in a system. A good example would be all the different products involved in the production and use of motor cars.The category of use-value is also important in distinguishing different economic sectors according to their specific type of output. Following Quesnay's analysis of economic reproduction, Marx distinguished between the economic sector producing means of production and the sectors producing consumer goods and luxuries. In modern national accounts more subtle distinctions are made, for example between primary, secondary and tertiary production, semi-durable and durable goods, and so on.

 Role in political economy 
In his textbook The Theory of Capitalist Development (1942), American Marxist Paul Sweezy claimed:

Use-value is an expression of a certain relation between the consumer and the object consumed. Political economy, on the other hand, is a social science of the relations between people. It follows that 'use-value as such' lies outside the sphere of investigation of political economy.
Marx explicitly rejected Sweezy and Uno's interpretation of use-value (see the previously cited quotation from 1859, in which use-value is distinguished from the general concept of utility). In a draft included in the Grundrisse manuscripts, which inspired the starting point of A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy and Das Kapital, Marx states:

The commodity itself appears as unity of two aspects. It is use value, i.e. object of the satisfaction of any system whatever of human needs. This is its material side, which the most disparate epochs of production may have in common, and whose examination therefore lies beyond political economy. Use value falls within the realm of political economy as soon as it becomes modified by the modern relations of production, or as it, in turn, intervenes to modify them. What it is customary to say about it in general terms, for the sake of good form, is confined to commonplaces which had a historic value in the first beginnings of the science, when the social forms of bourgeois production had still laboriously to be peeled out of the material, and, at great effort, to be established as independent objects of study. In fact, however, the use value of the commodity is a given presupposition—the material basis in which a specific economic relation presents itself. It is only this specific relation which stamps the use value as a commodity.
In his text The Making of Marx's 'Capital', Roman Rosdolsky explains the role of use value in Marx's economics. Marx himself, in the introduction to his Grundrisse manuscript, had defined the economic sphere as the totality of production, circulation, distribution and consumption. However, as Marx did not live to finish Das Kapital, he did not theorise how commercial relations would reshape the sphere of personal consumption in accordance with the requirements of capital accumulation.Minor issues remained from these neoclassical theories, such as the question of the proper empirical definition of capital and labour in the laws of factor substitution.  Other empirical issues include the so-called Solow Residual in which the heterogenous nature of labour is thoroughly explored for its qualitative elements beyond differentiation, and the concept of total factor productivity, prompting some to consider such things as technology, human capital, and stock of knowledge.  Later scholars, such as Walter Benjamin, Fernand Braudel, Ben Fine, Manuel Castells and Michel Aglietta attempted to fill the gap in Marx's unfinished work.  In modern times the theory has been extended to conclude that conversion of energy-driven work does not rely on labour-intensive inputs; thus use can be unsupervised work that develops a notion of human capital.Equation:  A = P + hL
(A, the Concept of Substitutive Work  = P, the loss of Primary Productive Energy (which is P/Ep, the coefficient of efficiency) + h, the units of energy (which is the energy consumed by workers during work done) * L, Labour time per hour)

 Utility 
Marx's concept of use-value seems akin to, but in reality differs from the neoclassical concept of utility:

Marx usually assumes in his analysis that products sold in the market have a use-value to the buyer, without attempting to quantify that use-value other than in product units of price, and commodity value. (this caused some of his readers to think wrongly that use-value played no role in his theory).  "The utility makes it a use value," The neoclassicals, on the other hand, typically see prices as the quantitative expression of the general utility of products for buyers and sellers, instead of expressing their exchange-value.  For "Price is the money-name of the labour realised in a commodity".
In neoclassical economics, this utility is ultimately subjectively determined by the buyer of a good, and not objectively by the intrinsic characteristics of the good. Thus, neoclassical economists often talk about the marginal utility of a product, i.e., how its utility fluctuates according to consumption patterns.  This kind of utility is a "general utility" which exists independently from particular uses that can be made of a product, the assumption being that if somebody wants, demands, desires or needs a good, then it has this general utility. According to his supporters Marx would have allegedly rejected the concept of marginal utility precisely because it accentuated profit on capital returns over the usefulness or utility of labour.  Thus the wider application of general utility lay in variable rates of productivity, since higher labour inputs could raise or lower the price of commodity.  This was the true concept of Use as a Value system: the higher the rate of 'productiveness' the more labour 'crystallised' in the article.
Marx rejects any economic doctrine of consumer sovereignty, stating among other things in his first chapter to Das Kapital that "In bourgeois societies the economic fictio juris prevails, that every one, as a buyer, possesses an encyclopaedic knowledge of commodities".In summary, different concepts of use value lead to different interpretations and explanations of trade, commerce and capitalism. Marx's main argument is that if we focus only on the general utility of a commodity, we abstract from and ignore precisely the specific social relations of production which created it.

 "Indifference" of capitalists 
Some academics such as Professor Robert Albritton, a Canadian political scientist, have claimed that according to Marx, capitalists are basically "indifferent" to the use-value of the goods and services in which they trade, since what matters to capitalists is just the money they make; whatever the buyer does with the goods and services produced is, so it seems, of no real concern.But this is arguably a misunderstanding of business activity and the bourgeoisie as a class. Marx thought that capitalists can never be totally "indifferent" to use-values, because inputs of sufficient quality (labour, materials, equipment) must be bought and managed to produce outputs that:

will sell at an adequate profit;
are legally permitted by the state to be sold;
do not destroy the reputation of the supplier (with its obvious effect on sales).For this purpose, the inputs in production must moreover be used in an economical way, and care must be taken not to waste resources to the extent that this would mean additional costs for an enterprise, or reduce productivity. The Theory of Use Values relates directly to human labour and the power of machines to destroy value, "Living labour must seize on these things, awaken them from the dead, change them from merely possible into real and effective use values".It is just that from the point of view of the financier or investor, the main concern is not what exactly is being produced as such or how useful that is for society, but whether the investment can make a profit for him. If the products of the enterprise being invested in sell and make a profit, then that is regarded as sufficient indication of usefulness. Even so, the investor is obviously interested in "the state of the market" for the enterprise's products—if certain products are being used less or used more, this affects sales and profits. So to evaluate "the state of the market", the investor needs knowledge about the place of a product in the value chain and how it is being used.Often, Marx assumed in Das Kapital for argument's sake that supply and demand will balance, and that products do sell. Even so, Marx carefully defines the production process both as a labour process creating use-values, and a valorisation process creating new value. He asserts only that "capital in general" as an abstract social power, or as a property claim to surplus value, is indifferent to particular use-values—what matters in this financial relation is only whether more value can be appropriated through the exchanges that occur. Most share-holders are not interested in whether a company actually satisfies customers, they want an adequate profit on their investment (but a countertrend is so-called "socially responsible investing").In modern times, business leaders are often very concerned with total quality management in production, which has become the object of scientific studies, as well as a new source of industrial conflict, since attempts are made to integrate everything a worker is and does (both their creative potential and how they relate to others) in the battle for improved quality. In that case, it could be argued not just labour power but the whole person is a use-value (see further Richard Sennett's books such as The Culture of the New Capitalism, Yale (2006). Some regard this practice as a kind of "wage-slavery".From beginning to end, and from production to consumption, use-value and exchange-value form a dialectical unity. If this is not fully clear from Marx's writings, that is perhaps mainly because he never theorised the sphere of final consumption in any detail, nor the way in which commerce reshapes the way that final consumption takes place.

 See also 
Labor theory of value
Productivity
Theory of value
Value-form
Sign value

 Notes 

 References 

 Bibliography 
Karl Marx, Capital, (1867) I, II & III, Progress Publishers, Moscow, 85,94.
Karl Marx, Theories of Surplus Value, (1861) Parts I, II and III, Progress Press, Moscow.
Karl Marx, Economic And Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844, (1845) International Publishers, New York.
Karl Marx, (1859.) A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy, Progress Publishers, Moscow.
Karl Marx, (1857.) Grundrisse, Penguin, Middlesex.
Rosdolsky, Roman (1977). "The Making of Marx's 'Capital'". London: Pluto Press.
Isaac I. Rubin, Essays in Marx's Theory of Value (Detroit: Red & Black, 1972), chapter 17: "Value and social need"
Clarke, Simon (1982). Marx, marginalism, and modern sociology: from Adam Smith to Max Weber. London: The Macmillan Press, Ltd.
Green, Francis; Nore, Petter (1977). Economics: An Anti-Text. London: Macmillan.
Groll, S. (1980). "The Active Role of Use Value' In Marx's Economics". History of Political Economy. 12 (3): 336–371. doi:10.1215/00182702-12-3-336.
Orzech, Z.B. (1987). "Technical Progress And Values in Marx's Theory of the Decline in the Rate of Profit: An Exegetical Approach". History of Political Economy. 19 (4): 591–613. doi:10.1215/00182702-19-4-591.
Marx-Engels-Lenin Institute, (Ed). (1951), 62. Karl Marx And Friedrich Engels: Selected Works, I& II, Foreign Languages Publishing House, Moscow.
Mclennan, D. (1971.) Karl Marx: Early Texts, Basil Blackwell, Oxford.
Meek, R.L. (1973.) Studies in the Labor Theory of Value, 2nd Edition, Lawrence & Wishart, London.

 External links 
Karl Marx, Capital Volume 1, Chapter 1.
Karl Marx, Notes on Adolph Wagner's "Lehrbuch der politischen Ökonomie”, 1881
Hans Ehrbar, Annotations to Marx's value Archived 14 April 2012 at the Wayback Machine page at the end of Grundrisse

Penny Jordan
Penelope Halsall (née Jones; 24 November 1946 – 31 December 2011) was a prolific English writer of over 200 romance novels. She started writing regency romances as Caroline Courtney, and wrote contemporary romances as Penny Jordan and historical romances as Annie Groves (her mother's maiden name). She also wrote novels as Melinda Wright and Lydia Hitchcock. Her books have sold over 70 million copies worldwide and have been translated into many languages.

 Biography 
Penelope Jones was born on 24 November 1946 in Preston, Lancashire, the eldest of three children born to Anthony Winn Jones and his wife, Margaret Louise (née Groves), She had a brother, Anthony, and a sister, Prudence. A keen reader from childhood, her mother would leave her in the children's section of the local library while she changed her father's library books. Her story-telling career began at the age of eight when she began telling original bedtime stories to her younger sister. Her favourite books were those of Jane Austen, Dorothy Dunnett, Catherine Cookson, Georgette Heyer, Charles Dickens, William Shakespeare's plays and poetry and the Bible. After reading a serialised Mills & Boon book in a woman's magazine, she fell in love with the hero. Jones was eleven and she quickly became an avid fan. Jones left grammar school in Rochdale with O-Levels in English Language, English Literature and Geography. In her early days, she spent fourteen years working as a shorthand typist in Manchester.Jones married Steve Halsall, an accountant, who died of cancer, predeceasing her. They did not have children, but she had nieces, nephews and godchildren.Jordan died of cancer on 31 December 2011, aged 65, in Cheshire, England.

 Writing career 
By her early twenties, Jordan was writing for herself, but her writing career began in earnest when she was 30, encouraged and supported by her husband.  He bought her, at a time when he could ill afford it, the small electric typewriter on which she typed her first books. She entered a competition run by the Romantic Novelists' Association. Although she did not win, an agent looking for a new-style Georgette Heyer, contacted the R.N.A.In March 1979, she published her first novel under the pseudonym Caroline Courtney, Duchess in Disguise, the same year she published other 4 books. Under this pen-name she published 25 regency romances until 1986. From 1981 to 1983, she signed 3 air-hostess romps as Melinda Wright and 2 thrillers as Lydia Hitchcock, published by Columbine House. In 1981, Mills & Boon accepted her first novel for them, Falcon's Prey, signed as Penny Jordan. Since then, almost 70 million copies of her 167 Mills & Boon (or Harlequin) novels have been sold worldwide.From 2003, she returned to writing historical novels as Annie Groves (she adopted her mother's maiden-name). Jordan gained much of her inspiration from human interest stories in the news as well as her own family history. She adapted a story told by her grandmother Elsie Jones in Ellie Pride.

 Bibliography 

 References and sources 

 External links 
Penny Jordan official homesite and Annie Groves official homesite
Nantwich Writers official website
Penny Jordan in Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Annie Groves in Harper Collins UK
Penny Jordan in Fantastic Fiction and Annie Groves in Fantastic Fiction

Milan Kujundžić Aberdar
Milan Kujundžić Aberdar (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Кујунџић Абердар; 1842–1893) was a Serbian poet, philosopher and politician.

 Biography 
He was born in Belgrade and given the name Janićije but later he changed it to Milan. His pseudonym Aberdar came from his collected poems.He studied at the gymnasium in Belgrade and Pančevo, and enrolled the legal faculty of the Belgrade Lyceum. With the Turkish bombardment of Belgrade in 1862, he stopped his studies and joined the Serbian army. 
After that, he received a scholarship from the Serbian government to study philosophy in Vienna, Munich, Paris, and London. Before finishing his studies at Oxford, in 1866 he was back in Serbia, recalled by the Minister of Education, to take over the Department of Philosophy at the Grandes écoles.He was a professor of philosophy at Belgrade's Grandes écoles, Secretary of the Serbian Learned Society (from 1873 to 1882), President of the National Assembly (from 1880 to 1885), Minister of Education (1886-1887), envoy of Rome, Youth Editor of Srbadije and poet.
King Milan Obrenović appointed him on 5 April 1887 the first 16 academicians of the Serbian Royal Academy, among them was Milan Kujundžić Aberdar.
He participated in the Serbian-Turkish wars of 1876–1878, and for that reason, he was promoted to Major, and later to Lieutenant-Colonel. Among the many decorations he received, the most significant are: the medal of the regeneration of the Serbian kingdom, the Order of the Cross of Takovo III degree, the Order of the White Eagle III degree, and the Order of the Cross of Takovo IV degree with swords.

 Works 
Kratki pregled harmonije u svetu (A Short Outline of the Harmonies in the World)
Filozofija u Srba (Philosophy Among Serbs)
 Šta je i koliko u naš urađeno na lođici? (What and How Much Was Done in Logic in Our Country?)
 Ide li svet na bolje ili na gore? (Is the world going for better or for worse?)
Filozofska i društveno-politička shvatanja (Philosophical and Sociopolitical Conceptions)

 See also 
Ljubomir Nedić
Branislav Petronijević
Ksenija Atanasijević
Petar II Petrović Njegoš
Jovan Došenović
Božidar Knežević
Svetozar Marković
Dimitrije Matić
Konstantin Cukić

 References 

Jack Baker and Michael McConnell
Richard John Baker  and James Michael McConnell are the first same-sex marriage couple known to obtain a marriage license and record their contract (September 3, 1971) in the public files of any civil government. Local officials waited more than 47 years to file their claim, retroactively, only after it was "declared to be in all respects valid."The couple met in 1966. On March 10, 1967 – Baker's 25th birthday – he asked McConnell to enter into a committed relationship.  McConnell agreed only on the condition that they live openly as a married couple.

 Early years 
Baker was born in Chicago on March 10, 1942, and after both of his parents died, he spent grades 1–12 at Maryville Academy in Des Plaines, Illinois, a Catholic boarding school.Born in Norman, Oklahoma, also in 1942, James Michael McConnell was raised and loved by his Baptist parents. After graduating from Norman High School, he attended the University of Oklahoma (OU), ending with a Master of Library Science degree in June 1968.While on active duty (four years) in the U.S. Air Force, Baker was accepted in the Airmen Education Commissioning Program and stationed at OU, where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering. He returned to Norman as a civilian, met McConnell, and invited him to hang out. With reluctance, his friend agreed to enter into a serious relationship. Baker also later received a Master's degree in June 1968.

 FREE activism 
In 1969, weeks before the Stonewall riots in New York City, Koreen Phelps recruited local friends to join her outreach program sponsored by Minnesota Free University. Robert Halfhill, a graduate student who attended her lecture, wanted more than "just a social organization". He left, determined to organize a team of gay activists on the Minneapolis campus of the University of Minnesota.
Jack Baker, a law student, was elected to serve as president. Moving aggressively and openly, FREE eventually transformed Minneapolis into a "mecca for gays", with members soon endorsing McConnell's dream of same-sex marriage.When a faculty committee qualified the members to receive all privileges enjoyed by student groups, it became "the first student gay organization to gain recognition in the upper mid-west." Its "leaders [believed] it to be the first such organization on a Big Ten campus", and the second such organization in the United States, following the Student Homophile League recognized by Columbia University in 1967.One member asked five major companies with local offices to explain their attitudes toward gay men and women. Three responded quickly, insisting that they did not discriminate against gay people in their hiring policies. Honeywell objected to hiring people they knew to be gay. Later in the decade, when faced with a denial of access to students, Honeywell reversed its hiring policy.
In 1971, Baker campaigned to become president of the Minnesota Student Association at the University of Minnesota. He was elected, then re-elected. The regents consented to his campaign promise and invited one student to sit with each committee as a non-voting member. That practice proved to be popular and became policy.

 The birth of PRIDE 
In 1971, Members of FREE from Gay House invited friends to meet at picnics in Loring Park, near Downtown Minneapolis. Such events, which encouraged  self-pride, began in mid-June as a prelude to local celebrations of Independence Day. Thom Higgins, Prime Archon of the Church of the Chosen People, crafted Gay Pride for the banner that would lead the crowd as it encouraged allies, supporters and bystanders to punish the Catholic archbishop of Saint Paul and Minneapolis for his public condemnation of both the gay life-style and self-pride as sinful.

At the time, Jack was the chair of the Target City Coalition, parent corporation for The Gay Pride Committee, which sponsored the Festival of Pride each June. Such celebrations spread and became the PRIDE tradition that thrives today in cities throughout the United States.
In 1973, FREE continued working with University of Minnesota faculty to protect gay students from discrimination. Central Administration approved the final draft of a new policy in 1972 and the Campus Committee on Placement Services began accepting complaints of unequal treatment by employers recruiting on campus. A member of FREE received class credit for documenting his youth and why he supported America's first gay marriage, which was featured on WCCO-TV.

 Same-sex marriage activism 
When a modern movement for "marriage equality" emerged from the University of Minnesota, it attracted extensive media attention, including appearances on the Phil Donahue Show; Kennedy & Co. (WLS-TV, Chicago IL); and David Susskind Show (New York, NY). After a professor of history, Allan Spear, mocked them as the "lunatic fringe", admiration among peers spread locally

 Lawsuit to obtain a marriage license 

After McConnell and Baker applied for a marriage license, the clerk's rejection was affirmed by the Minnesota Supreme Court. However, before the court's opinion was published, McConnell re-applied – in a different county – and received a marriage license.

 Same-sex marriage as a civil right 
Speaking to members of the Ramsey County Bar Association, Baker argued that same-sex unions are "not only authorized by the U.S. Constitution" but are mandatory. Later, Baker spoke to a forum of more than 2,000 at the University of Winnipeg, which Richard North, activist, credited as the start of a "fight [by same-sex couples in Canada] to be married" legally.
In 2012, Benjamin Todd Jealous, president of the NAACP,  called same-sex marriage the "civil rights issue of our times" and Baker insisted that "the conclusion was intuitively obvious to a first-year law student."

 Courts debate their marriage 
McConnell's marriage to Baker depended on how Minnesota interpreted its laws. Early results were not favorable. An appeal sponsored by the Minnesota Civil Liberties Union was accepted by the U.S. Supreme Court, which dismissed it with a one-sentence order  on October 10, 1972: "The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question."Their joint tax return for 1973 was rejected by the Internal Revenue Service. Likewise, the Veterans Administration rejected McConnell's request for spousal benefits. Undaunted, McConnell listed Baker as an adopted "child" on his tax returns for which he received a deduction as head of household from 1974 through 2004. That benefit ended when Congress limited the deduction to an individual under the age of 19.

 Adoption and later legal review 
After McConnell adopted Baker, he re-applied in Blue Earth County and received a marriage license, which "was never revoked". Rev. Roger Lynn, a minister from the Hennepin Avenue United Methodist Church, validated the marriage contract at a private home in Minneapolis.The Hennepin County Attorney convened a grand jury to investigate a potential "crime" committed by Rev. Lynn. He studied the legality of the marriage but found the question not worth pursuing.The Family Law Reporter argued in 1974 that Baker v. Nelson could not annul a marriage contract that was validated "a full six weeks" before the decision was filed. Professor Thomas Kraemer argued that FREE had hosted "the first same-sex couple in history to be legally married".On September 18, 2018, a district court judge in Blue Earth County declared "The [1971] marriage . . . to be in all respects valid" and ordered the Clerk of Court to record it. Their marriage remained unrecognized by the Social Security Administration until validated by a local court.

 Synopsis 
When Baker enrolled as a law student in late 1969, he began pursuing his promise to obtain a legal right to marry. He and McConnell, a librarian, became gay rights activists in the U.S. state of Minnesota from 1969 to 1980. After being refused in their first attempt to obtain a marriage license in Hennepin County in early 1970, Baker was legally adopted by McConnell in early August 1971 and changed his legal name to Pat Lyn McConnell (although he continued to use "Jack Baker" informally). They then applied for a marriage license in a different county (Blue Earth County) on August 9, 1971, succeeded in obtaining one there on August 16, 1971, and held a wedding ceremony on September 3, 1971. They were later often invited to appear and speak at colleges, schools, businesses and churches in the U.S. and Canada, although their marriage was not recorded or recognized as legal by the local government, various courts, the IRS and the Veterans Administration, until a state district court in Blue Earth County ordered its recognition on September 18, 2018.On October 15, 1971, the Minnesota Supreme Court in Baker v. Nelson affirmed a court clerk's refusal in early 1970 to issue them a marriage license in Hennepin County for the sole reason that they were same-sex partners (despite this not being identified in Minnesota law as a reason for prohibiting a marriage). Their appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court was initially accepted but was then dismissed on October 10, 1972, which had the effect of affirming the state supreme court ruling and establishing it as a precedent at the federal level.Baker and McConnell (and others) have asserted that neither the state supreme court decision nor the U.S. Supreme Court dismissal directly affected the validity of their marriage, because although they were refused a marriage license in Hennepin County, they had successfully obtained one from Blue Earth County and had gotten married using that license before the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled in support of the Hennepin County clerk's refusal to issue them a license. The Minnesota Supreme Court had not directly addressed the validity of their marriage in Blue Earth County. Since their marriage had never officially been declared nullified, a district court ultimately agreed with that view in 2018 –  despite the fact that the marriage had never previously been recorded or recognized by the state.

 Vindication in later years 
The couple obtained a valid marriage license before the rejection in Hennepin County was appealed to and accepted by the U.S. Supreme Court. Though that case ended in 1972, "for want of a substantial federal question", other challenges followed as they pursued affirmation of their union while living openly as a married couple.In 1972, Baker led the Gay Rights Caucus at the state convention of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party, the affiliate of the national Democratic Party in the state of Minnesota. The caucus persuaded delegates to endorse "legislation defining marriage as a civil contract between any two adults". That vote became the "first known case" of support by a major United States political party for same-sex marriage.
In 2003, Baker and McConnell amended their individual tax returns for the year 2000, filing jointly as a couple, offering proof of a valid marriage license from Blue Earth County. The IRS challenged the validity of the marriage and argued that, even if the license were valid, the Defense of Marriage Act prohibits the IRS from recognizing it. When McConnell brought suit, the U.S. District Court for Minnesota upheld the IRS ruling and the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed, saying that McConnell could not re-litigate a question  decided previously.
In 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court answered the question they had dismissed in 1972: "Do same-sex couples have a constitutional right to get married?" In the case of Obergefell v. Hodges, the court concluded that this right does exist,  because all citizens have an inherent right to marry the adult of their choice, overturning the Minnesota Supreme Court's opinion in Baker v. Nelson, which had been accepted as precedent. As a "friend of the court", the Attorney General of Minnesota agreed that the Minnesota Supreme Court's prior "procreation rationale" did not support its prohibition of same-sex marriage.

 Employment discrimination at the University of Minnesota 
In 1970, the University Librarian invited Michael McConnell to head the Cataloging Division on the university's St. Paul campus. The board of regents refused to approve the offer after McConnell applied for a marriage license, and regent Daniel Gainey asserted that "homosexuality is about the worst thing there is."McConnell sued and prevailed in federal District Court. The board appealed to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals, which agreed with the university that it had not restricted free speech. Instead, it ruled that McConnell was to blame for wanting to implement his "controversial ideas" and foist tacit approval of his "socially repugnant concept" on his employer. More than 80% of University of Minnesota students disagreed with the regents' behavior.
Hennepin County Library, then a diverse and growing system of 26 facilities, hired McConnell. After 37 years of service, McConnell retired as a Coordinating Librarian with gratitude expressed publicly.In 2012, University of Minnesota president Eric Kaler offered McConnell a personal apology for the "reprehensible" treatment endured from the board of regents in 1970. McConnell accepted his assurances and agreed to join the Heritage Society of the President's Club.

 Interviews 
Crann, Tom (July 16, 2015). "For Mpls. couple, gay marriage ruling is a victory 43 years in the making". MPR News. Minnesota Public Radio News.
Raphael, T. J. (June 25, 2015). "'You are as good as anybody else.' Same-sex couple who married in 1970 on Supreme Court move". The Takeaway, Public Radio International.

 Short documentary 
Kessler, Pat (July 29, 2013). "A Rare Glimpse At Minn.'s 1st Gay Wedding In 1971". WCCO-TV, Minneapolis.
"Halftime". Minnesota United FC. June 23, 2021.

 Further reading 
Eckholm, Erik (May 16, 2015). "The Same-Sex Couple Who Got a Marriage License in 1971". The New York Times.
Grunwald, Lisa (May 12, 2015). "The 25 Most Influential Marriages of All Time". Time.
Pat Lyn McConnell (January 2014). "Who defined the gay agenda?" (PDF). Quatrefoil Library. p. 2.
Bowes, Claire (July 4, 2013). "Jack Baker and Michael McConnell: Gay Americans who married in 1971". BBC News. Retrieved July 4, 2013.
Frame, Robert (2012). "Minnesota Led the Two Coasts on Marriage Rights, and Should Do So Again: Jack Baker and Michael McConnell" (PDF). Quatrefoil Library. p. 5.
Bronson, Ken (2004). "A Quest for Full Equality" (PDF). University of Minnesota Libraries.
Lueck, Shane (November 12, 2015). "America's First Gay Marriage, 44 Years Later". Lavender Magazine.
Memoir of Michael McConnell (2016) as told to Gail Langer Karwoski, "The Wedding Heard Heard 'Round the World: America's First Gay Marriage.", Minneapolis, MN: University of Minnesota Press.

 Notes 

 References 

Celma Messi
Feliciana Luís Sangola, known as Celma Messi is an Angolan footballer who plays as a striker for the Angola women's national football team.

 Early life and education 
Messi is a native of Malanje, Angola and studied communication.

 Career 

 Club career 
Messi played for Angolan side Carmona Sport Club Do Uige, where she was regarded as one of the club's most important players and helped them win the league.

 International career 
Messi played for the Angola women's national football team.

 Style of play 
Messi mainly operates as a striker and has been described as "agile playing style and refined technique".

 Personal life 
Messi has regarded Argentina international Lionel Messi as her football idol.

 References 

James Montgomery
James Montgomery may refer to:

 Arts, entertainment, and literature 
James Montgomery (composer) (born 1943), Canadian composer, performer, and arts administrator
James Montgomery (playwright) (1878–1966), American playwright, screenwriter, producer, and actor
James Montgomery (poet) (1771–1854), British hymnodist, poet and editor
James Montgomery (singer) (born 1949), American blues singer and harmonica player, active since the early 1970s
James Montgomery Bailey (1841–1894), American journalist
James Montgomery Flagg (1877–1960), American artist and illustrator

 Clergy 
James Montgomery (Archdeacon of Raphoe), from 1783 to 1797
James Montgomery (priest) (1818–1897), Provost of St Mary's Cathedral, Edinburgh
James Alan Montgomery (1866–1949), American Episcopalian clergyman and Oriental scholar
James Shera Montgomery (1864–1952), American Methodist minister
James W. Montgomery (1921–2019), bishop of Chicago in the Episcopal church

 Politicians 
Sir James Montgomery, 4th Baronet (died 1694), Scottish politician
Sir James Montgomery, 1st Baronet (1721–1803), Scottish politician and judge
Sir James Montgomery, 2nd Baronet (1766–1839), Scottish peer, politician and lawyer
James Montgomery (American politician) (1788–1878), American politician and physician

 Sportspeople 
James Montgomery (boxer) (1934–2015), Canadian Olympic boxer
James Montgomery (footballer, born 1890) (1890–1960), English footballer
James Montgomery (footballer, born 1943), English footballer
James Montgomery (footballer, born 1994), English footballer
Jamie Montgomery (footballer, born 1983,  English footballer

 Others 
James Montgomery (colonel) (1814–1871), American civil war colonel
James D. Montgomery (attorney) (born 1932), African-American civil rights attorney in Chicago and Trustee of the University of Illinois
James D. Montgomery (economist) (born 1963), labor market economist at the University of Madison, Wisconsin

 In fiction 
James "Hunter" Montgomery, character on the television series Queer as Folk

 See also 
James Montgomerie (1755–1829), British Army officer and colonial administrator
James Montgomrey (1811–1883), Brentford benefactor and timber mill owner
Jim Montgomery (disambiguation)

2022 Nauruan parliamentary election
Parliamentary elections were held in Nauru on 24 September 2022 to elect all 19 members of parliament. All candidates were elected on a non-partisan basis. Following the election, Russ Kun, a member of parliament for Ubenide, was elected president by parliament.

 Background 
In the 2019 elections, nearly half of the Parliament members lost their seats, including incumbent President Baron Waqa. Justice minister David Adeang, Waqa's deputy, retained his seat. Adeang was a candidate in the following presidential election; he lost to Lionel Aingimea, who had been an assistant minister.The Aingimea government implemented some electoral changes. Potential candidates in regularly scheduled general elections were now required to register their intention 270 days before the end of the parliamentary term. These declared candidates would then file nominations during the nomination period. To address public concerns about granting citizenship to foreigners, the government held a constitutional referendum in 2021 which disqualified naturalised citizens and their descendants from running for Parliament.Aingimea also pushed for strong stances in Pacific affairs. Nauru supported the Micronesia boycott of the Pacific Islands Forum in 2021, which aimed for a Micronesian secretary-general; it also offered to temporarily host a Micronesia secretariat. When University of the South Pacific Vice-Chancellor Pal Ahluwalia was deported from Fiji after investigating university finances, Nauru hosted Ahluwalia at its campus for the term. Aingimea also supported the USP Council's decision to renew Ahluwalia's contract, and commissioned the auditing firm BDO to further pursue the investigation.

 Electoral system 
The 19 members of Parliament are elected from eight multi-member constituencies using the Dowdall system, a version of ranked voting; voters rank candidates, with the votes counted as a fraction of one divided by the ranking number (e.g. a candidate ranked second will be scored as 1⁄2); the candidates with the highest total are elected. There are no political parties, so all candidates run as independents. Informal groups do form in Parliament, but membership is fluid.Parliament is elected for a three-year term, but can be dissolved earlier. The government, which comprises the President and the Cabinet, must retain the support of a majority in Parliament.All citizens aged 20 and older are permitted to cast their ballot; once an individual reaches voting age, they are automatically added to the electoral roll. Voting is compulsory in Nauru; individuals who fail to vote without sufficient reasoning are required to pay a fine. Nauruans who provide proof of illness, are in hospital or are not present in the country on election day are excused. However, Nauruans overseas on the polling day have the option to engage in proxy voting, where an individual assigns someone in Nauru to vote on their behalf. The electoral commission provides a mobile voting service for voters hospitalised or unable to go to polling stations due to incapacity, involving polling staff travelling to these individuals to ensure they can cast their ballot.

 Conduct 
On 29 August, Speaker of Parliament Marcus Stephen issued a writ of election for 24 September. 8,054 eligible voters registered for this election. The electoral roll was opened between 1 and 3 September for verification. Nominations were accepted between 4 and 10 September. 77 candidates were nominated to contest the election. The Pacific Islands Forum sent an election monitoring team led by Feue Tipu, the High Commissioner of Tuvalu to New Zealand.Early voting commenced on 19 September. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the electoral commission encouraged polling stations to enforce rigorous hygiene measures. On election day, 24 September, the polling concluded at 6 pm local time.

 Results 
The vote count began after the close of polls, and was completed on Monday, 26 September. The speaker and the twelve government members retained their seats. Out of the six opposition members, two were unseated: Milton Dube (Aiwo) and Tawaki Kam (Meneng).Former presidents Ludwig Scotty and Baron Waqa ran for election, but did not enter Parliament.

 Aiwo 

 Anabar 

 Anetan 

 Boe 

 Buada 

 Meneng 

 Ubenide 

 Yaren 

 Presidential election 
Following the elections, the newly elected MPs elected the president, who was required by the constitution be a member of parliament. The first session of the 24th parliament was held on 28 September. Russ Kun, a representative for the Ubenide constituency, was the only candidate for president. Former president Marcus Stephen won re-election as speaker of parliament, whilst outgoing president Lionel Aingimea was elected deputy speaker.Kun and his thirteen-member cabinet were sworn in a ceremony on 29 September. There were six other ministers besides Kun himself, and seven deputy ministers (which included the two new members). Both heads of resident missions, from Australia and Taiwan, were in attendance. The visiting New Zealand high commissioner met with Kun to offer congratulations, and the non-resident European Union ambassador to the Pacific congratulated him on Twitter.

 2023 Presidential election 
On 25 October 2023 parliament passed a vote of no confidence against Kun. The same day, parliament unsuccessfully attempted to elect a new president. The two nominees were opposition MP David Adeang and government MP Rennier Gadabu. After two rounds of ballots, the vote was ultimately 9–9 on both occasions. Speaker Marcus Stephen then called for a new presidential vote to be held on 30 October. On 30 October, MP Bingham Agir nominated MP Delvin Thoma for president. After the first secret ballot, MP Adeang and Thoma were tied at nine votes. In the second vote, Thoma received only eight votes to Adeang's ten, resulting in the election of Adeang as president.

 References 

2022 North Carolina Senate election
An election was held on November 8, 2022, to elect all 50 members to North Carolina's Senate. The election coincided with the elections for other offices, including the U.S. Senate, U.S. House of Representatives, and state house. The filing period lasted from February 24, 2022, to March 4, 2022, with the primary election being held on May 17, 2022 (prior to the redistricting challenges it was scheduled to be held on March 8, 2022). The elections were originally to be held under new districts passed by the General Assembly in Senate Bill 739 to account for population changes following the 2020 census, however, following a ruling by the North Carolina Supreme Court, the General Assembly redrew the maps (Senate Bill 744) to comply with the court's ruling.

 Predictions 

 Results summary 
† - Incumbent not seeking re-election

 Close races 
Districts where the margin of victory was under 10%:

 Incumbents defeated in the primary election 

 Democrats 
District 3: Ernestine Bazemore lost renomination to Valerie Jordan.
District 19: Kirk DeViere lost renomination to Val Applewhite.

 Republicans 
District 1: Bob Steinburg lost renomination to fellow incumbent Norman W. Sanderson in a redistricting race.
District 47: Deanna Ballard lost renomination to fellow incumbent Ralph Hise in a redistricting race.

 Incumbents defeated in the general election 

 Democrats 
Toby Fitch (D-District 4), defeated by Buck Newton (R)

 Open seats that changed parties 
Ernestine Bazemore (D-District 3) lost re-nomination, seat won by Bobby Hanig (R)

 Newly created seats 
District 10 (Johnston County), won by Benton Sawrey (R)
District 13 (Wake County), won by Lisa Grafstein (D)
District 36 (Alexander, Wilkes, Surry, and Yadkin counties), won by Eddie Settle (R)

 Detailed results 

 Districts 1–25 

 District 1 
The new 1st District includes all of Dare, Hyde, Cateret, Pamlico, Washington, Chowan, Perquimans, and Pasquotank counties. It includes the home of incumbent Republicans Bob Steinburg, who has represented the 1st district since 2019, and Norman W. Sanderson, who has represented the 2nd District since 2013. Sanderson defeated Steinburg to win the Republican nomination.

 District 2 
The new 2nd District includes all of Beaufort, Craven, and Lenoir counties. The district includes the home of incumbent Republican Jim Perry, who has represented the 7th District since 2019. He is running for re-election.

 District 3 
The new 3rd District includes all of Warren, Northampton, Halifax, Martin, Bertie, Hertford, Gates, Camden, Currituck, and Tyrrell counties. Incumbent Democrat Ernestine Bazemore has represented the 3rd District since 2021. Valerie Jordan defeated Bazemore to win the Democratic nomination. State representative Bobby Hanig was unopposed for the Republican nomination.

 District 4 
The new 4th District includes all of Greene, Wayne, and Wilson counties. Incumbent Democrat Toby Fitch has represented the 4th District since 2018. State Representative Raymond Smith Jr. unsuccessfully challenged Fitch for the Democratic nomination. Former state senator Buck Newton won the Republican nomination.

 District 5 
The new 5th District includes all of Edgecombe and Pitt counties. Incumbent Democrat Don Davis has represented the 5th District since 2013. Davis is retiring to run for Congress. State representative Kandie Smith won the Democratic nomination for the seat.

 District 6 
The new 6th District includes all of Onslow County. Incumbent Republican Michael Lazzara has represented the 6th District since 2021.

 District 7 
The new 7th District includes most of New Hanover County. The new district includes the home of incumbent Republican Michael Lee, who has represented the 9th District since 2021. The original Democratic nominee was Jason Minnicozzi, however, Minnicozzi dropped out and was replaced on the ballot by Marcia Morgan.

 District 8 
The new 8th District includes all of Columbus and Brunswick counties as well as part of New Hanover county. Incumbent Republican Bill Rabon has represented the 8th District since 2011.

 District 9 
The new 9th District includes all of Jones, Duplin, Pender, and Bladen counties as well as most of Sampson county. The district includes the home of incumbent Republican Brent Jackson, who has represented the 10th District since 2011.

 District 10 
The new 10th District includes all of Johnston County and has no incumbent. Benton Sawrey won the Republican nomination.

 District 11 
The new 11th District includes all of Nash, Franklin, and Vance counties. Incumbent Republican Lisa Stone Barnes has represented the 11th District since 2021. She is running for re-election.

 District 12 
The new 12th District includes all of Harnett and Lee counties as well as a small portion of Sampson county. Incumbent Republican Jim Burgin has represented the 12th District since 2019. David Buboltz and Ernie Watson unsuccessfully challenged Burgin for the Republican nomination.

 District 13 
The new 13th District includes portions of northern Wake County and has no incumbent. Lisa Grafstein won the Democratic nomination. David Bankert won the Republican nomination.

 District 14 
The new 14th District includes portions of eastern Wake County. Incumbent Democratic Minority Leader Dan Blue has represented the 14th District since 2009.

 District 15 
The new 15th District includes portions of central Wake County. Incumbent Democrat Jay Chaudhuri has represented the 15th District and its predecessors since 2016.

 District 16 
The new 16th District includes portions of western Wake County. Incumbent Democrat Wiley Nickel has represented the 16th District since 2019. Nickel is running for congress and isn't seeking re-election. State Representative Gale Adcock has announced that she will seek the Democratic nomination for the seat.

 District 17 
The new 17th District includes portions of southern Wake County. Incumbent Democrat Sydney Batch has represented the 17th District since her appointment on January 11, 2021.

 District 18 
The new 18th District includes all of Granvile county as well a portion of northern Wake County. Incumbent Democrat Sarah Crawford has represented the 18th District since 2021. Crawford is running for the state house. E. C. Sykes won the Republican nomination.

 District 19 
The new 19th District includes most of Cumberland County. Incumbent Democrat Kirk deViere has represented the 19th District since 2019. Val Applewhite defeated deViere to win the Democratic nomination. Former senator Wesley Meredith won the Republican nomination.

Democratic primary polling

 District 20 
The new 20th District includes all of Chatham County and portions of southern Durham County. Incumbent Democrat Natalie Murdock has represented the 20th District since 2020.

 District 21 
The new 21st District includes all of Moore County as well as portions of Northwestern Cumberland County. When the district was drawn it originally had no incumbent, but Republican Tom McInnis switched his residence to Moore County so that he could run for re-election in the new district.

 District 22 
The new 22nd District includes most of Durham County. Incumbent Democrat Mike Woodard has represented the 22nd District since 2013. Larry Coleman won the Republican nomination.

 District 23 
The new 23rd District includes all of Caswell, Person, and Orange counties. Incumbent Democrat Valerie Foushee has represented the 23rd District since 2013. Foushee is retiring to run for Congress. State Representative Graig Meyer won the Democratic nomination. Landon Woods won the Republican nomination.

 District 24 
The new 24th District includes all of Robeson, Hoke, and Scotland counties. The new district includes the home of incumbent Republican Danny Britt, who has represented the 13th District since 2017, and incumbent Democrat Ben Clark, who has represented the 21st District since 2013. Clark isn't seeking re-election.

 District 25 
The new 25th District includes all of Alamance County as well as portions of Northeastern Randolph County. The district includes the home of incumbent Republican Amy Galey, who has represented the 24th District since 2021.

 Districts 26–50 

 District 26 
The new 26th District includes all of Rockingham County as well as portions of northern and eastern Guilford County. The district includes the home of incumbent Republican president pro tempore Phil Berger, who has represented the 30th District and its predecessors since 2001.

 District 27 
The new 27th District includes portions of western and southern Guilford County. Incumbent Democrat Michael Garrett has represented the 27th District since 2019.

 District 28 
The new 28th District includes portions of central Guilford County. Incumbent Democrat Gladys Robinson has represented the 28th District since 2011.

 District 29 
The new 29th District includes all of Anson, Richmond, and Montgomery counties as well as portions of Randolph and Union counties. The district includes the home of incumbent Republicans Tom McInnis, who has represented the 25th District since 2015, and Dave Craven, who has represented the 26th District since 2020. McInnis switched his residence from Richmond County to Moore County and he will run for re-election in the new 21st District.

 District 30 
The new 30th District includes all of Davidson and Davie counties. The district includes the home of incumbent Republican Steve Jarvis, who has represented the 29th District since 2021. Former state Senator Eddie Gallimore unsuccessfully challenged Jarvis for the Republican nomination.

 District 31 
The new 31st District includes all of Stokes County as well as portions of northern and eastern Forsyth County. Incumbent Republican Joyce Krawiec has represented the 31st District since 2014.

 District 32 
The new 32nd District includes portions of western and southern Forsyth County. Incumbent Democrat Paul Lowe Jr. has represented the 32nd District since 2015.

 District 33 
The new 33rd District includes all Rowan and Stanly counties. Incumbent Republican Carl Ford has represented the 33rd District since 2019.

 District 34 
The new 34th District includes most of Cabarrus County. The district includes the home of incumbent Republican Paul Newton, who has represented the 36th District since 2017.

 District 35 
The new 35th District includes most of Union County and a small portion of southeastern Cabarrus County. Incumbent Republican Todd Johnson has represented the 35th District since 2019.

 District 36 
The new 36th District includes all of Alexander, Wilkes, Surry, and Yadkin counties. The district has no incumbent. Eddie Settle won the Republican nomination defeating former state senator Shirley B. Randleman, State Representative Lee Zachary, and Vann Tate.

 District 37 
The new 37th District includes all of Iredell County as well as a small portion of far northwestern Mecklenburg County. The district includes the home of incumbent Republican Vickie Sawyer, who has represented the 34th District since 2019. She is running for re-election. Tom Fyler unsuccessfully challenged Sawyer for the Republican nomination.

 District 38 
The new 38th District includes portions of eastern Mecklenburg County. Incumbent Democrat Mujtaba Mohammed has represented the 38th District since 2019.

 District 39 
The new 39th District includes portions of southwestern Mecklenburg County. Incumbent Democrat DeAndrea Salvador has represented the 39th District since 2021.

 District 40 
The new 40th District includes a portion of eastern Mecklenburg County. Incumbent Democrat Joyce Waddell has represented the 40th District since 2015.

 District 41 
The new 41st District includes portions of northern and western Mecklenburg County. Incumbent Democrat Natasha Marcus has represented the 41st District since 2019.

 District 42 
The new 42nd District includes portions of southeastern Mecklenburg County. The district includes the home of incumbent Democrat Jeff Jackson, who has represented the 37th District since 2014. Jackson retired to run for Congress. State Representative Rachel Hunt was unopposed for the Democratic nomination. Cheryl Russo won the Republican nomination, defeating former state Representative Scott Stone.

 District 43 
The new 43rd District includes most of Gaston County. Incumbent Republican Majority Leader Kathy Harrington has represented the 43rd District since 2011. She is not seeking re-election.

 District 44 
The new 44th District includes all of Cleveland and Lincoln counties as well as a small portion of Gaston county. Incumbent Republican Ted Alexander has represented the 44th District since 2019.

 District 45 
The new 45th District includes all of Catawba County as well as portions of eastern Caldwell County. The district includes the home of incumbent Republican Dean Proctor, who has represented the 42nd District since 2020.

 District 46 
The new 46th District includes all of Burke and McDowell counties as well as portions of eastern Buncombe county. Incumbent Republican Warren Daniel has represented the 46th District and its predecessors since 2011. Mark Crawford unsuccessfully challenged Daniel for the Republican nomination.

 District 47 
The new 47th District includes all of Alleghany, Ashe, Watauga, Avery, Mitchell, Yancey, and Madison counties, as well as portions of Caldwell and Haywood counties. The new district includes the homes of incumbent Republicans Ralph Hise, who has represented the 47th District since 2011, and Deanna Ballard, who has represented the 45th District since 2016. Hise defeated Ballard to win the Republican nomination.

 District 48 
The new 48th District includes all of Henderson, Polk, and Rutherford counties. Incumbent Republican Chuck Edwards has represented the 48th District since 2016. Edwards is retiring to run for congress. State representative Tim Moffitt is seeking the Republican nomination for the seat. The original Democratic nominee was Stephanie A. Justice, however, she dropped out and was replaced on the ballot by Jay Carey.

 District 49 
The new 49th District includes most of Buncombe County. Incumbent Democrat Julie Mayfield has represented the 49th District since 2021. Taylon Breeden and Sandra Kilgore unsuccessfully challenged Mayfield for the Democratic nomination.

 District 50 
The new 50th District includes all of Cherokee, Graham, Clay, Macon, Swain, Jackson, and Transylvania counties, as well as most of Haywood county. Incumbent Republican Kevin Corbin has represented the 50th District since 2021. He is running for re-election.

 Notes 

Partisan clients

 References 

 External links 

Back to the Future: The Musical
Back to the Future: The Musical is a musical with music and lyrics by Alan Silvestri and Glen Ballard and a book by Bob Gale. It is adapted from the 1985 film Back to the Future by Robert Zemeckis and Gale. The show features original music, as well as songs featured in the film ("The Power of Love", "Earth Angel", "Johnny B. Goode" and "Back in Time").The musical originally was slated to première in London's West End in 2015, the year to which the film trilogy's characters traveled in Part II. However, original director Jamie Lloyd left the production in 2014 citing "creative differences" with Zemeckis, resulting in a delay in the production. The musical finally received its premiere at Manchester Opera House in February 2020, ahead of a 2021 West End transfer. It starred Olly Dobson as Marty McFly and Roger Bart as "Doc" Brown. The production received positive reviews in London and won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical in 2022.
The musical began previews on Broadway on 30 June 2023 and opened on 3 August 2023. Bart reprises his role, and Casey Likes plays Marty.

 Background 
The movie and its two sequels were box office successes, taking in over $936 million at the box office. In England, the popularity of the film Back to the Future had been boosted by its television broadcasts on Christmas or Boxing Day for several years starting in 1988.At a 2004 DeLorean convention, Bob Gale said that he was interested in adapting Back to the Future for Broadway. In 2012, a musical adaption of the 1985 film Back to the Future began development leading to the exploration of an adaptation. Workshops for the musical took place in 2014, in July in London and the following month in Los Angeles, with the intention to open the show in the West End in 2015, in time for the 30th anniversary of the film.Jamie Lloyd was initially engaged to direct the production but withdrew from the project in September 2014 after the workshops, citing creative differences. Bob Gale later recalled that those creative differences were over whether the character Biff should sing: "[Lloyd] thought that a villain would be more villainous if he didn't sing. For me, that was the dealbreaker". Lloyd's withdrawal from the production was expected to delay the premiere until at least 2016, and a new director was sought. During the delay several others left the original creative team, including Soutra Gilmour as scenic designer and Jon Clark as lighting designer.

 Synopsis 

 Act One 
In Hill Valley, California, October 25, 1985 ("Overture"), Marty McFly visits scientist Dr. Emmett "Doc" Brown's house and finds a pre-recorded message, playing on a large amplifier, asking Marty to meet him in the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall later past midnight. After destroying the amplifier while playing his electric guitar, Marty walks through town and dreams about being a successful rock artist, while a man named Goldie Wilson runs for mayor ("It's Only a Matter of Time").
When Marty's band audition is rejected ("Got No Future"), Marty's girlfriend, Jennifer Parker, comforts him ("Wherever We're Going") but they are interrupted by fundraisers for the restoration of the town's clock tower, which was damaged by lightning in 1955. Marty, with a flyer on the clocktower in hand, heads home to find his father George being harassed by his boss, Biff Tannen. George discourages Marty from chasing big dreams,  
his brother Dave explains his job at a burger restaurant and his mother, Lorraine McFly, discourages his sister, Linda, from dating and talks about how she first met George and kissed him at a school dance as Marty laments his family's state ("Hello, Is Anybody Home?").
At the Twin Pines Mall parking lot, Marty meets Doc who unveils a time machine made from a DeLorean and explains how he built it ("It Works"). However, due to inadequate protection while loading plutonium into the car's reactor, Doc is afflicted by acute radiation poisoning and starts dying. Marty jumps in the car to seek medical help but accidentally accelerates to 88 miles per hour (142 km/h), sending him back in time to the day Doc conceptualised time travel in 1955. Ditching the car in a barn, Marty wanders to the town square where the citizens of Hill Valley celebrate the town ("Cake"). Marty witnesses his teenage father being threatened by Biff and his gang ("Got No Future" (reprise)) and tells him to stand up for himself. When he accidentally reveals then-diner employee Goldie will become Mayor of Hill Valley, Goldie is inspired and encourages George to also increase his self-esteem ("Gotta Start Somewhere"). Marty later finds George spying on teenage Lorraine from a tree ("My Myopia"), but is knocked unconscious when George falls. Hours later, Marty wakes up in Lorraine's bedroom. Lorraine falls for Marty who tries to fend off her advances ("Pretty Baby").
Marty finds his way to Doc's house and convinces a younger Doc that he came from 1985 by revealing his knowledge about Doc's Flux Capacitor. Finding the car, Doc worries that Marty will be stuck in 1955 forever. As Marty despairs ("Future Boy"), Doc states that a bolt of lightning could power the time machine and both he and Marty make use of the information on Marty's flyer to use the lightning bolt. Marty reveals he encountered both of his parents when Doc warns him against meeting anyone in history, causing Doc to instruct him to get George to meet Lorraine. At Hill Valley High School the next day ("Hill Valley High School Fight Song"), Doc and Marty infiltrate the school, with Marty encouraging George to ask Lorraine out to join her for the school's upcoming dance. George tries to follow Marty's advice, but runs afoul of Biff, forcing Marty to intervene. As Marty and George are chased all around the campus, Lorraine tells her friends about the boy she tended to, while Biff and his gang hear rumors about Marty and plot to get rid of him and Marty himself fends off Biff, inadvertently awing Lorraine further ("Something About That Boy").

 Act Two 
Doc Brown dreams of the social, technological, economic, and political advances of the future ("21st Century"), waking up as Lorraine invites Marty to the school dance to which Marty reluctantly accepts ("Something About That Boy" (reprise)). Marty visits George to boost his self confidence and dance abilities in preparation for the dance ("Put Your Mind to It"), running through the plan for George to win over Lorraine as well.
While planning to use a wire running from the clocktower to send the lightning to the DeLorean, Doc looks to the scientists throughout history, longing to be famous while noting of those who fail to fulfil their goals despite their best efforts ("For the Dreamers"). Meanwhile, Biff and his gang learn of Marty's attendance at the upcoming dance and plot to beat him up ("Teach Him a Lesson"). On the night of the dance, Doc thanks Marty for giving him hope for his future but Marty secretly writes a letter to warn him of his death in 1985, despite being warned of the harm from disclosing future events. Marty also reflects on his only chance to make it back, while thinking of Jennifer back in 1985 for inspiration ("Only a Matter of Time" (reprise)).
During the school dance ("Deep Divin'"), Lorraine advances on Marty ("Pretty Baby" (reprise)) before Biff locks him in a nearby dumpster and assaults Lorraine. Biff overpowers an arriving George, but George defeats him in one punch. As George escorts a grateful Lorraine to the dance, singer Marvin Berry and his band, on a smoke break, free Marty from the dumpster but Marvin's fingers are accidentally clamped by the closing lid. Knowing music will be needed for George and Lorraine to kiss, Marty volunteers to play guitar instead. The band plays "Earth Angel" as George and Lorraine kiss, saving Marty's existence. On Marvin's request for another song, Marty performs "Johnny B. Goode", but his guitar solo stuns the crowd.
After bidding farewell to George and Lorraine, Marty leaves the dance to meet Doc who explains that high winds disconnected the upper cables and that he would have to reconnect them despite his fear of heights. Marty gives his letter to Doc who destroys it, worried about the consequences. Doc faces his fear and the storm to connect the wires ("For the Dreamers" (reprise)) while Marty drives the DeLorean, inserts the electric hook and accelerates to 88 miles per hour as the lightning strikes and sends him back to October 26, 1985. However, upon arrival, the car shuts down before Marty can keep driving to the hospital to save Doc. As Marty grieves over failing to save Doc, Doc appears, revealing that he pieced the letter back together and wore a better protective suit. He thanks Marty and bids him goodbye before departing to the future in the DeLorean while Marty sleeps in the courthouse square.
Upon waking up the following morning, Marty discovers his father is now a renowned science fiction author with an annual celebration named after him, his family is more professionally and socially successful and a timid Biff is under George's employ. At the celebration, the McFlys present the town with a check to restore the clock tower. As Marty and his band perform "The Power of Love" and the whole town joins in, Doc suddenly returns in the upgraded DeLorean, insisting Marty comes with him to see the future. Marty hops in and Doc sets the car's destination date to the exact time and date of the show's current performance. The DeLorean takes off and flies over the audience, and into the future, as the curtain closes ("Finale").

 Production history 

 Manchester (2020) 
The musical began previews on 20 February, with an opening night on 11 March 2020, five years later than originally planned, at the Manchester Opera House. The production was directed by John Rando, with choreography by Chris Bailey, set and costume design by Tim Hatley, video design by Finn Ross, lighting by Tim Lutkin and Hugh Vanstone, sound design by Gareth OwenOnly a few days after the official opening, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Manchester Opera House closed on 16 March 2020. The show did not reopen until it transferred to the West End.

 West End (2021) 
The production transferred to the Adelphi Theatre in the West End, where it opened on 13 September 2021 with the same cast and creative team. In 2022, the original cast album was released. The production was nominated for seven Laurence Olivier Awards that year, including Best New Musical which it won, as well as Best Original Score or New Orchestrations. The run is expected to continue until at least July 2024.

 Broadway (2023) 
The musical began previews on Broadway on 30 June 2023, at the Winter Garden Theatre, and opened officially on 3 August. The production has the same creative team as the original West End production. Roger Bart and Hugh Coles from the original London cast return in the roles of Doc Brown and George McFly, respectively, with Casey Likes as Marty McFly; the cast also includes Merritt David Janes as Strickland, Liana Hunt as Lorraine, Jelani Remy as Goldie Wilson/Marvin Berry, Nathaniel Hackmann as Biff and Mikaela Secada as Jennifer.

 Planned North American Tour (2024) 
A North American tour is planned to begin at Playhouse Square in Cleveland, Ohio, in June 2024, with preview performances at Proctors Theatre in Schenectady, New York.

 Planned Japan (2025) 
A production by Shiki Theatre Company is planned to open in 2025.

 Original cast and characters 

 Notable replacements 

 West End 
Doc Brown: Cory English
Lorraine Baines-McFly: Amber Davies

 Musical numbers 

 Not included in the Original Cast Recording
% Song cut from the original West End production

 Cast recording 

The Back to the Future website announced on October 21, 2020 ("Back to the Future Day") that a cast recording of the West End production would be released by Sony's Masterworks Broadway imprint. The announcement was accompanied by the release of Olly Dobson's rendition of "Back in Time", which was featured in the first film and its soundtrack, in addition to the original track "Put Your Mind to It". The cast recording was released on March 11, 2022.A Deluxe Edition of the cast recording album was released on October 20, 2023. This album includes a second disc of 13 demo versions of songs written for the musical.

 Reception 
The Guardian reported that fans of the franchise gave the Manchester tryout positive reviews, with one commenting that it's "a wonderful tribute to the film" and another that "people are going to be talking about this for a long time". The show received a generally positive critical reception upon its West End opening. The production design received widespread praise, and the performances of Bart, Dobson, Coles and Neal were reviewed positively.
The Broadway production received more mixed reviews. Frank Rizzo of Variety wrote, "with the frequent breaking of the fourth wall and the milking of some meta moments, you wonder what exactly the show’s aiming to be: a self-aware joke for fans or a thrill ride with sincerity". Jesse Green of The New York Times stated, "though large, it's less a full-scale new work than a semi-operable souvenir". Most of the critical praise was given to the technical aspects, especially scenes featuring the DeLorean.

 Awards and nominations 

 Original West End production 

 References 

 External links 
Official website

List of New Orleans Saints head coaches
The New Orleans Saints are a professional American football team based in New Orleans, Louisiana. They are a member of the South Division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The NFL awarded the city of New Orleans the 16th franchise in the league on November 1, 1966, All Saints Day, five months after the 89th United States Congress approved the merger of the NFL with the American Football League (AFL) in June of that year. In January 1967, the team was given the current "New Orleans Saints" name, and began playing in their first season in September of that year. 
Since the franchise's creation, it has been based in New Orleans. The team's home games were originally played at Tulane Stadium from 1967 to 1974, it was demolished in 1979, when the team relocated its home games to its current stadium, the Mercedes-Benz Superdome (formerly Louisiana Superdome from 1975 to 2011).The New Orleans Saints have had 16 head coaches in their franchise history—ten full-time coaches and six interim coaches. Sean Payton, who was the head coach of the Saints from 2006 to 2021, has the most wins as coach. Payton served as the assistant head coach/passing game coordinator and assistant head coach/quarterbacks for the Dallas Cowboys for three seasons before he joined the Saints in 2006.In the 2009 season, he led the team to its second NFC Championship Game and first NFC Championship title, Super Bowl (XLIV) appearance, and NFL Championship. Tom Fears, the franchise's first head coach serving from 1967 to 1970, was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1970, and is the only coach to be inducted into the Hall of Fame while spending his entire coaching career with the Saints.
Hank Stram, who coached the Saints from 1976 to 1977, and Mike Ditka, who coached the Saints from 1997 to 1999, were also inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2003 and 1988, respectively. Sean Payton has coached the most games for the Saints, with 192. Payton has the highest winning percentage while coaching the Saints, with .615, and his 118 wins are the most in franchise history. J. D. Roberts has the lowest winning percentage (.219) and fewest wins (seven) for a full-time coach. Jim Haslett, Mora, and Payton are the only head coaches to lead the Saints into the playoffs. Mora, Haslett, and Payton have won the AP Coach of the Year Award and the Sporting News NFL Coach of the Year.

 Key 

 Coaches 
Note: Statistics are accurate through the end of the 2023 NFL season.

 Notes 

 References 

2022 NRL Grand Final
The 2022 NRL Grand Final was the conclusive and premiership-deciding game of the 2022 National Rugby League season in Australia. It was contested between the Penrith Panthers and the Parramatta Eels on Sunday the 2nd of October at Accor Stadium in Sydney. Penrith, who were both the defending premiers and minor premiers, won the match 28–12 to claim their fourth premiership title, and their first back-to-back premierships in the club's 56-year history. Panthers fullback Dylan Edwards was awarded the Clive Churchill Medal for being judged as the man of the match.
The match was preceded by the 2022 NRL State Championship and the 2022 NRL Women's Grand Final. The grand final was attended by 82,415 spectators, and was broadcast live throughout Australia by the Nine Network.

 Background 

This was the first NRL grand final between the Penrith Panthers and the Parramatta Eels, and the second consecutive year that the grand final featured two Sydney-based clubs. The match-up between both clubs has long been regarded as the Western Sydney Derby, due to the long standing rivalry between the two clubs being closely located among Western Sydney. The Panthers, who became the first side since the Melbourne Storm in 2018 to reach three consecutive grand finals, were aiming for a fourth premiership, after defeating Canberra Raiders in 1991, Sydney Roosters in 2003 and South Sydney Rabbitohs in 2021. It was Ivan Cleary's fourth grand final appearance as a coach, after previously losing with the New Zealand Warriors against Manly Sea Eagles in 2011, and losing with Penrith against Melbourne Storm in 2020.Meanwhile, the Eels were aiming for their fifth premiership victory; their most recent being against Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in 1986. Their last grand final appearance was a defeat to the Melbourne Storm in 2009. It was Brad Arthur's first grand final appearance as a coach.The Panthers finished the 2022 regular season in first place after twenty wins and four losses, of which two were against the Eels. Parramatta finished fourth after sixteen wins and eight losses.

 Route to the final 

 Penrith Panthers 

The 2022 Penrith Panthers season was the 56th season in the club's history. Coached by Ivan Cleary and co-captained by Nathan Cleary and Isaah Yeo, the Panthers are competing in the National Rugby League's 2022 Telstra Premiership.

 Parramatta Eels 

The 2022 Parramatta Eels season was the 76th in the club's history. Coached by Brad Arthur and co-captained by Clinton Gutherson and Junior Paulo, they will compete in the NRL's 2022 Telstra Premiership. The season saw a club record membership tally of 34,264.

 Pre-match 

 Team selection 
Dylan Edwards, Stephen Crichton, Brian To'o, Jarome Luai, Nathan Cleary, Apisai Koroisau, James Fisher-Harris, Viliame Kikau, Liam Martin, Moses Leota and Isaah Yeo made their third-straight grand final appearance for Penrith, whilst Koroisau also played in the 2014 premiership decider for the South Sydney Rabbitohs. Ryan Matterson and Bailey Simonsson were the only players for Parramatta to have played in prior grand finals; Matterson won for the Sydney Roosters in 2018, while Simonsson played for the Canberra Raiders in 2019.

 Broadcasting 
The match was broadcast live on the Nine Network and delayed on Fox League in Australia as well as on Sky Sport in New Zealand. Radio broadcasters included ABC, Triple M, 2GB, SEN and Koori Radio.

 Entertainment 

On 23 September 2022, the pre-match entertainment acts for the grand final were announced. This included Jimmy Barnes, Mahalia Barnes, A.Girl, Diesel, Josh Teskey, Emma Donovan, Sheldon Riley and Bliss n Eso. The Australian national anthem was performed by Alinta Chidzey.

 Officiating 
Ashley Klein refereed the match, his second NRL grand final. Grant Atkins was the senior review official, and Phil Henderson and Drew Oultram were the touch judges. Gerard Sutton was the standby referee and David Munro the standby touch judge.

 Attendance 
The 2022 Grand Final was the first since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic to have no crowd restrictions. On 27 September 2022, the match was sold out.

 Curtain-raiser matches 
Curtain-raiser matches on the day were the NRL State Championship between the Norths Devils and the Penrith Panthers, and NRLW Grand Final between the Newcastle Knights and the Parramatta Eels. Both were shown live on the Nine Network in Australia.

 Match 

 Statistics 

 Post-match 

Parramatta forward Ryan Matterson was charged by the match review with a grade one crusher tackle against Dylan Edwards. Matterson was criticised after taking an early guilty plea and electing to be suspended for three matches instead of taking a $4,000 fine. Matterson defended his decision telling reporters "I just feel that $4000 is pretty hefty considering I have already paid close to $4000 in fines this year for things that are absurd", with the forward also suggesting that the charge was not warranted.Penrith players were criticised for their celebrations after their victory, with Sydney media identities outspoken against the way they celebrated. Jarome Luai came under scrutiny for a social media post that some found offensive. Former Penrith captain Greg Alexander and coach Ivan Cleary defended the players against the criticism.Both grand final teams' players featured in squads selected for the 2021 Rugby League World Cup to be played in October–November 2022. Ten Panthers players were selected with the greatest representation (5) to play for Samoa. Parramatta had also had ten players selected, with the greatest representation (3) to play for New Zealand.
As premiership winners, Penrith earned the right to play in the World Club Challenge against 2022 Super League Grand Final winners St Helens. The match was played on 18 February 2023 at BlueBet Stadium.

 Opening Matches 
Two opening matches were played on the ground prior to the grand final: the NRL State Championship and NRL Women's Grand Final. Both matches were broadcast live throughout Australia by the Nine Network.

 NRL State Championship 

 NRL Women's Premiership Grand Final 

 References 

Penang F.C.
Penang Football Club (or simply known as Penang FC) is a Malaysian professional football club based in George Town, Penang, that competes in the Malaysia Super League.
Unofficially founded in 1920, officially as Football Association of Penang on 21 October 1921, the club represents the state of Penang in football tournaments. The team has traditionally worn a blue home kit.
They have a long-standing rivalry with Kedah; the two teams from the northern region of Malaysia being engaged in what has been collectively known as the "Northern Region Derby".The state football team play their home matches at the 20,000 capacity City Stadium in George Town.
Penang had established itself as a major force in Malaysian football between the 1950s to the 1970s. Domestically, Penang has won a record of 3 Malaysia Super League titles, 1 Malaysia Premier League title, 4 Malaysia Cup, 5 Malaysia FAM League titles, 1 Malaysia FA Cup title and 1 Malaysia Charity Shield. At present, it is one of the 12 teams competing in the Malaysian Super League and the first club from Malaysia to win an Asian title,  Aga Khan Gold Cup, which was the early version of AFC Champions League in 1976.On 16 February 2016, Faiz Subri scored a free kick in a 4–1 win over Pahang FA at the City Stadium in George Town. Videos of his free kick soon went viral on social media, and he was nominated by the Football Association of Malaysia for the FIFA Puskás Award later that year. In 2017, Faiz was awarded the FIFA Puskás Award for the free kick goal, becoming the first-ever Asian to have won the international award for the best goal of the year.

 History 
The club was founded in 1920 unofficially, and officially as Football Association of Penang (FAP) in 1921. Penang is the oldest football team in Malaysia and one of the oldest football clubs in Asia. The team is based in the state of Penang in the north of Malaysia. Penang have consistently been a decent team throughout their history, producing players such as the country's first Olympian. Penang is the fourth most successful team in Malaysian football history with 16 champions.

 Early years (1920 – 1950s) 
On 21 October 1921, the club was founded. Almost all the big matches were played at Victoria Green, home of the Chinese Recreation Club. The team enter into the final of the Malaysia most prestigious football tournament, Malaysia Cup's final in 1934, but the team lost to Singapore FA with a heartbreaking score of 1–2. Penang enter into the final of the last edition of Malaysia Cup before World War II and they lost to the same opponent in 1934.  During the World War II, football competitions were stopped.

 Glory days (1950s – 1970s) 
An era spanning the 1950s to the 1970s when Penang was among the top teams in inter-state football.
The 1950s saw Penang producing players such as the country's first Olympian, Yeap Cheng Eng, Yeang Kah Chong, Tan Swee Hock, Wong Kam Poh, Yap Hin Hean, Liew Fee Yuen, Lee Ah Loke, the Pang brothers and more. Since the early 1950s, Aziz Ahmad was Penang's top goal-getter in 1953 and 1954. He scored the winning goal when Penang defeated Singapore 3–2 in the 1953 Malaya Cup final in Ipoh.  Penang won 3 Malaysia Cup champions (1953, 1954 and 1958) and 4 FAM Cup champions (1952, 1955, 1956 and 1957).Some of the well-known FAP officials then were Loh Hoot Yeang, who was president for many years, A.S. Mohamad Mydin, Tan Cheng Hoe, Yaakob Syed and Haris Hussain.
David Choong was president in 1962 when Penang made the FAM Cup final, but lost 3–4 to Selangor in a pulsating contest on May 12 before a capacity crowd at the City Stadium.
In October 1963, Penang trounced Perlis 13–0 in a Malaysia Cup tie at the City Stadium.Aziz took over as captain when Cheng Eng retired. The early 1960s also saw a glittering array of "stars".
By 1965, veterans such as Siang Teik and Aziz made way as Penang rebuilt.
M. Kuppan took over as captain with Yeap Kim Hock, James Raju and Ibrahim Mydin the only other survivors.
For the first time, Penang also preferred the services of four British Airmen based at the RAF Support unit which was based at the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF)  Butterworth base which participated in the local league. They were John Leather, Clive Warren, Vic Probert and Alan Peacock.
The late 1960s saw the emergence of Aziz's nephews, the Abdullah brothers—Namat and Shaharuddin. At his peak, Shaharuddin was a prolific goal-getter together with the rising star, Isa Bakar.
Penang made the Malaysia Cup final in 1968 to face mighty Selangor but nobody expected it to be a massacre. Selangor romped home 8–1 in one of the most one-sided finals ever.In 1974, Penang heroically knocked Singapore out in the semifinal to face northern rival Perak in the final. Namat Abdullah led Penang to a 2–1 victory in what was to be the state's last Malaysia Cup final victory.  Penang stepped into the final of Malaysia Cup in 1977 as they lost the match to Singapore.  In 1976, Penang became the first and only club from Malaysia to win the Aga Khan Gold Cup which was the early version of Asian Club Championship, beating Dhaka Mohammedan Sporting Club 3-0 in the final at the Bangabandhu National Stadium under the guidance of coach Lim Boon Kheng.

 Stagnation (1980s – mid-1990s) 
Football Association of Malaysia introduced the Malaysia First Division League in 1982. Penang was one of the founding members of the league. The first edition of the league saw Penang become the champion. In 1983, Penang was the first runner-up of the league. After that, the team faced stagnation until the mid-1990s because failed to win any major trophy.

 Resurgence (late 1990s – early 2000s) 
The glory days came after the team faced the stagnation period for more than 15 years. Penang enter into the FA Cup final for the first time in the team history in 1997 and they lost to Selangor.  After the disappointment, Penang won the 1998 Malaysia Super League.  The team failed to defend the champion as they only manage to get runner-up in 1999. The 2000 FA Cup saw Penang lost to Terengganu after a nail-biting penalty shootouts.  Penang was the runner-up of the top division league in 2000. After two consecutive years as the runner-up of Malaysia Super League, Penang become the champion of the league in 2001.  Penang FA historically won the FA Cup for the first time in 2002 thanks to the goal scored by Gustavo Romero on the 65 minutes.  Penang first attempt into the Charity Shield saw the team won the trophy after they beat Selangor.

 Walking downhill and financial crisis (2003 – 2009) 
Although the team got a good start by winning the Charity Shield, but the team only finished mid table in the league and in round two of the FA Cup. Penang finished third in the group stage of the Malaysia Cup and failed to qualify for the second round. In 2004, Penang ranked fifth out of 8 in the league and eliminated in the second round of FA Cup. Yunus Alif's boys won the group stage of Malaysia Cup but lost in second round. The league performance in 2006 is worse than 2005 as the team only ranked sixth. Penang won the first round of FA Cup, but they failed to qualify for the third round. They top the group of Malaysia Cup for two consecutive years but still can't advanced for the third round after losing the second round matches. The next season saw Penang ranked sixth again in the league and lost the first round match of FA Cup. The team lost the quarter final matches of Malaysia Cup. In 2006–07 season of Malaysia Super League, the team ranked tenth throughout the league. Penang finished the journey of FA Cup in round one. Penang finished fifth out of six in the Malaysia Cup group stage. New coach, Mohd Bakar was appointed to replace Josef Herel in the 2007–08 season. The Panthers finished 12th in the league, round two in FA Cup and last in the Malaysia Cup group stage. For the same season until 2012, the club was facing a critical financial condition. The state's footballers had not been paid for four months, and called on the current administration to honour the contracts signed with players. In 2009, Penang FA finished third from the last in the top division league. Penang was knocked out from the FA Cup in round two for two consecutive years. Penang was eliminated from the Malaysia Cup tournament after finished third in the group stage.

 Darkest period (2010 – 2012) 
In 2010, the darkest period ever in the team history came. Reduan Abdullah squad had only collected 10 points and finished at the bottom of the league. Penang was relegated from the top flight after 18 consecutive spells in the top flight of Malaysian football. The club continued to decline and in 2011 the worst fears were reached when they were relegated to FAM League after the team struggled in the second division with only collected 4 points after 22 matches.  Janos Krecska was appointed as coach in 2012. The team finished mid-table in the third tier end of the year.

 The comeback (2013 – 2015) 
Penang FA's legend, Merzagua Abderrazak, took over as the club head coach in 2013. The aim of the club, which was to promote to the Malaysia Premier League, was achieved successfully under the tactician.  Penang won a silverware after an 11-year wait. However, they may have to leave their talismanic Moroccan coach Merzagua Abderrazzak because he needs to obtain an A-level coaching licence in his home country to be able to continue coaching.Due to the problem, the club appointed K. Devan as the new head coach. Under his guidance Penang claimed the third spot of the Premier League and qualified into Malaysia Cup after absent for four years. Penang finished last place in the group stage with four points after six matches. K. Devan's contract was not renewed and he was signed by Negeri Sembilan.
Jacksen F. Tiago took over from K. Devan as the head coach of Penang for the next season. His skills and strategies to be somehow a success to the squad when showing good performance facing with major teams in the preseason match; Sime Darby, Johor Darul Takzim, Perak, Selangor, Kelantan. The most notable were the matches versus Selangor and Kelantan which ended with the score of 2–0 favouring the home team. Penang also stepped into the quarter final of Malaysia FA Cup after 13 years. A dramatic finish in the 2015 league campaign saw Penang FA win the runner-up on Malaysian Premier League after so much struggle in 2014 and claimed a ticket to the top flight.

 In the Top Flight (2016 – 2017 Season) 
Promoted after finishing second in the 2015 Malaysia Premier League, Penang beefed their squad with several youngsters from the Harimau Muda project and signed three new imports. The Panthers were hopeful of at least staying in the MSL but things did not go so well as Penang soon found themselves stuck in the relegation zone that led to the 'resting' of Jacksen F. Tiago. The appointment of MSL winning coach Bojan Hodak as chief executive officer and Nenad Bacina as head coach to replace Jacksen offered some promise for the second half of the season but Penang still struggled to find consistency. It wasn't until the final day of the season, in the final minute at that, did Penang save their top flight status thanks to the goal from Faizat Ghazli.I-League winning coach, Ashley Westwood signed a two years contract with the club in November 2016 to replace Nenad and Bojan. However, Penang FA terminated their contract with head coach, Ashley Westwood under mutual consent due to poor results in March 2017 and he was replaced by Zainal Abidin Hassan.
Zairil Khir Johari, who took over from Nazir Ariff Mushir Ariff has resigned as president of the Penang Football Association (FA) following a bad season by the Penang Panthers in the 2017 Super League on Oct 9, 2017. PFA trustee Datuk Abdul Rashid Ismail, who was then act as president, were trying to resolve the issue of player's salary pending. Former player Reinaldo Lobo, had reported PFA to Fifa after the club failed to pay him for six months.

 Relegated to the Malaysia Premier League (2018 – 2020) 
After relegation to Malaysia Premier League, Zainal Abidin Hassan remains the head coach in charge of the club with him, the likes of Mohd Faiz Subri, Yong Kuong Yong, Sanna Nyassi and Mohd Azrul Ahmad were retained. But the departures has seen Syamer Kutty Abba moving to Johor Darul Ta'zim, Jafri Firdaus Chew & K. Reuben to PKNS FC, Rafiuddin Rodin to Perak. Somehow Zainal Abidin Hassan manages to keep The Panthers in Malaysia Premier League as they finished in 10th position for 2018 season and thus avoided a successive drop of division, having been relegated from the Super League the previous season. As of August 2018, FAP are currently laden with a total debt of RM11.2mil, which the players have not received their monthly income for four-and-a-half months.
Dr Amar Pritpal Abdullah was elected as Penang FA president after edging out Datuk Seri Ho Kwee Cheng, promises to settle Premier League players’ outstanding salaries amounting to RM3.5mil. Penang FA who only narrowly escaped relegation to the FAM Cup in the 2018 Premier League season searched for stability ahead of the 2019 season under the helm of new management of the team. It was announced later that former Hanelang F.C. head coach Ahmad Yusof to replace the outgoing Zainal Abidin Hassan.
The FA of Penang have set a modest target for the 2019 season, to stay in the Premier League by aiming for a top five finish next season. A move that is designed to bring stability to the team after two horrendous seasons as new management work to settle past problems. Penang state government will be taking up the responsibilities to clear the debt on a budget separate from the one awarded to the Penang FA. The Panthers however are on the hunt for more sponsors to come in to supplement that amount. Penang FA struggle to manage themselves after half of season at poor position (bottom league). Manzoor Azwira has been appointed as a Head Coach to replace Ahmad Yusof. Penang FA back with changes under Manzoor Azwira. He bought new import player like Casagrande and Sergio Aguero and at the end, Penang FA climb to 2nd placed and secure a place to Super League. less than 24 hours after securing promotion to the Super League, Penang FA found themselves back in the Premier League after being docked six points by the FA of Malaysia (FAM) due to a decision by Fifa. This came after a complaint filed by former Penang defender Reinaldo Lobo to Fifa over salary claims.
In 2020 the government of Malaysia stopped all sports activities due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Penang FA was on track to winning the league after being unbeaten in 8 matches. They made in again to secure promotion to the Super League next season after beating Kuala Lumpur 2–1 at City Stadium. Penang eventually won their first ever Malaysia Premier League title after beating Kelantan United 4-0 which see them promoted to the 2021 Malaysia Super League.

 Return to the Malaysia Super League (2021 – present) 
Penang ended the 2021 Malaysia Super League season in third place 2 points behind 2nd place Kedah Darul Aman.

 Players 

 First-team squad 
As of 4 August 2023
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Out on loan 
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Under-23s 
As of 2 March 2023Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Development squads 
For further information: Penang F.C. Reserves

 Management & coaching staff 

 Board of directors 

 Management 

 Coaching and technical staff 

 Crest and colours 
Since the club's foundation in 1921, the club have had two main crests. The first, adopted when the team was founded, its backgrounds colours of the club crest were navy blue and white. At the top left and bottom right of the crest are the capital letters of 'F' and 'A' in navy blue with white background, which are the abbreviation of 'Football Association'. At the bottom left of the crest is a leather ball, which was the early football ball. The Prince of Wales's feathers and its motto, 'Ich Dien' which means 'I serve' were at top left of the crest, both elements were in white colour with navy blue background. The name of the state, 'Penang', is written in capital letter, white colour with navy blue background.
In the early 1990s, the crest underwent some variations as part of an attempt to modernise the previous crest. The capital letters of 'F' and 'A' were changed into three-dimensional form, with navy blue edges and white fill colour. The ball at the bottom left was changed into a modern ball with pentagonal and hexagonal patterns, and the Prince of Wales's feathers on the top left was also modernised with its motto was removed, fill colours for both elements were changed to blue, with white background.

 Colours 
Penang's traditional home colours are sky blue and yellow which are taken from the colours of the Penang state flag which stand for the sea surrounding the island and peace respectively. Navy blue and yellow have also been used severally. Traditional away kit colours have been either yellow or white. However, in recent years several different colours have been used, such as green, pink and orange.
The current home jersey sports a lighter shade of blue which is a better representation of the blue colour on the state flag. The current away jersey is white while the alternate jersey is black with yellow stripes.

 Supporters 
Penang's traditional fanbase comes from all over the George Town area including the other suburbs such as Jelutong, Air Itam, Tanjung Bungah, Bayan Lepas and even from the mainland. Penang's hardcore supporters are the so-called Ultras Panthers supporters, also known as Green Terrace Comrades UP11. Ultras Panthers was founded in 2011. In every match the Penang team played, they will be found in a group standing at the supporters area. The main colours for these supporters are usually in blue with a blue-yellow scarf and banners just like the Penang's team kits colours. These supporters always bring drums and large colorful flags to the stadiums.
Established in 2017, the Penang Football Fans Club (PFFC) is the official supporter club which is registered under the law of Malaysia. The main mission of PFFC is to unite football supporters in Penang. Besides it will also act as a channel between the fans and the team.
There are also numerous supporters clubs such as Demi Pulau Pinang, Penang Brotherhood, Penang FC Fan Club, Haria Penang 69, Nindia Bandaraya, Brigade 07, Boys Of North and more in the state. Penang had an average gate of 7,301 in the 2016 competitive campaign. Sometimes, tourists from foreign countries also attended the matches.
As of June 2020, Penang had 134,650 followers on social media, the ninth highest among football clubs in Malaysia.
At matches, Penang fanatic fans sing chants such as "Haria Penang Haria", "Sehati Sejiwa" which means "One Heart, One Soul" and the state anthem "Untuk Negeri Kita", which means "For our state", to boost their beloved players' morale. Fans also throw toilet rolls to the pitch before the match begins. The well-known and popular slogan among Penang FC supporters is "Haria Penang Haria". It is used as "words of spirit" during and off the game, and as the slogan among supporters.

 Rivalries 
Kedah Darul Aman is the biggest rival for Penang. Penang fans consider their main rivalries to be with (in order) Kedah, Perak and Perlis. Matches against fellow northern region sides Perlis United, Kuala Muda Naza, Kedah United, Sungai Ara, PBAPP, SDMS Kepala Batas, Bukit Tambun, and Perak YBU have only taken place intermittently, due to the clubs often being in separate divisions.

 Derby 
Northern Region Derby is the name given to football matches that involves Penang and Kedah. Both of them were located in the northern region of Malaysia. City Stadium or Penang State Stadium and Darul Aman Stadium are packed by fans from Kedah and Penang during derby matches. The match usually creates a lively atmosphere, with numerous banners unfolded before the start of the game.

 Friendships 
Although Penang's main rivals mostly are from the northern region of Malaysia, especially Kedah, but there is also a strong supporter of friendship with Kedah and there are good relations with the fans of Perak and Perlis. "This is the northern region", is a slogan which shows their good friendships.

 Kit manufacturers and shirt sponsors 

 Grounds 

 Home ground 

Up to the late 1950s, almost all the big matches were played at Victoria Green, home of the Chinese Recreation Club, before the completion of the City Stadium in the 1950s.
Penang State Stadium which located in Batu Kawan was also the home ground of the club from 2000 to 2011 and 2016 to 2017. It was built in 2000 with a capacity of 40,000 to host the 8th Sukma Games (Malaysian Games). In 2007, this stadium hosted the Malaysian FA Cup Final.
The City Stadium has a capacity of 20,000 people. The oldest stadium still in use in Malaysia, it was built in 1948 to provide a venue for sports activities in George Town, especially as a football pitch. It is also well known for the vociferous home support, dubbed the "Keramat Roar". In 2019, the state football team then returned to the City Stadium after using the Penang State Stadium.  In 2018, this stadium hosted the inaugural Asia Pacific Masters Games. On 16 February 2016, Faiz Subri scored a free kick in a 4–1 win over Pahang FA at the City Stadium in George Town. Videos of his free kick soon went viral on social media, and he was nominated by the Football Association of Malaysia for the FIFA Puskás Award later that year.  In 2017, Faiz was awarded the FIFA Puskás Award for the free kick goal with a 59.46% vote percentage, becoming the first-ever Asian to have won the international award for the best goal of the year beating Marlone (22.86%) and Daniuska Rodríguez (10.01%).

 Training ground 

The Jawi Public Field is the training ground of Penang FC located in South Seberang Perai District, Penang.
Previously, The USM Sports Centre was the training ground of Penang FC located in the campus of University of Science, Malaysia in Penang. The complex consists of several grass pitches. The stadium is also the home ground for the reserve team, as well as the home ground for USM FC. The sports centre also consists of a gymnasium and swimming pool.
Sometimes, Penang also train at the Penang Sports Club. It is located in the city of George Town covering a land area of about 16 acres.

 Seasons 

 Since Professional Era 
Updated on 16 January 2024.
Note:

Pld = Played, W = Won, D = Drawn, L = Lost, F = Goals for, A = Goals against, D = Goal difference, Pts= Points, Pos = Position  1st or Champions
  2nd or Runner-up
  3rd place
  Promotion
  Relegation

Notes:'

^1   2020 Season cancelled due to the 2020 Coronavirus Pandemic.Source:

 Records and statistics 

 Domestic records 
Penang are the fifth most successful football club in Malaysia for having won a total of 15 Malaysian football titles.
Penang are the team who won first inaugural Malaysia League 1982 and FAM Cup 1952.
The club's highest ever league finish was 1st in the Super League in 1982, 1998 and 2001. Their lowest ever league finish was 6th in the 2012 Malaysia FAM League.
Penang biggest win in Malaysia Cup final was 3–0 against Singapore FA in 1954. Penang heaviest lost in Malaysia Cup final was 1–8 against Selangor FA in 1968.

 Asian record 
0 due to economic trouble in the country. 1 due to club financial problem.

 Player records 
Shukor Salleh is the player who played for the club for the longest time which is 20 years. He had only played for Penang in his career. He won the National Sportsman Award in 1977. Furthermore, he was the second and the last football player after Mokhtar Dahari to be given that award. He was also the first Penang player to be awarded the AFC Century Club award in 1999 and included in the FIFA Century Club for representing the national team at least 100 times in international tournaments.Lutz Pfannenstiel, He holds the record for the only footballer to play professionally in each of the six recognised continental associations by FIFA.In 2017, Mohd Faiz Subri became the first Asian to win the FIFA Puskás Award.  He was awarded for his physics-defying free kick that clinched a goal during the Malaysian Super League match against Pahang at the City Stadium on 16 February 2016.
On 3 August 2021, Rafael Vitor scored the fastest goal in the Malaysia Super League when he scored a goal just 9 seconds after the opening whistle against Perak FC.

 Club top scorer (since professional era) 
Players who scored 10 or more goals are listed.

 Club honours 

 Domestic 
(*inaugural winners)
(**Penang FA Reserves)
(***Persatuan Bolasepak Melayu Pulau Pinang (PBMPP))

 Asian 

 Personal honours 

 Notable former players 
This list of prominent former players, who played in this team includes those who received international caps while playing for the team, made significant contributions to the team in terms of appearances or goals while playing for the team, or who made significant contributions to the sport either before they played for the team, or after they left. It is not complete or all inclusive, and additions and refinements will continue to be made over time.

 Yeap Cheng Eng
 Aziz Ahmad
 Dave MacLaren
 Namat Abdullah
 Shaharuddin Abdullah
 Mohammed Bakar
 Shukor Salleh
 Ali Bakar
 Isa Bakar
 Desmond David
 Ahmad Yusof
 Lutz Pfannenstiel
 Azman Adnan
 Mohd Hasmawi Hassan
 Chee Wan Hoe
 Merzagua Abderrazak
 Kamarulzaman Hassan
 Ooi Hoe Guan
 Norizam Salaman
 Faiz Subri
 Yong Kuong Yong
 Mafry Balang
 R. Surendran
 M.Yoges
 Azmi Muslim
 Syukur Saidin
 Bobby Gonzales

 Finances and ownership 
The club is owned by the Penang Chief Minister Incorporated as one of the GLCs, under the chairmanship of Soon Lip Chee, who is also the Penang State Executive Councillor for Youth and Sports. Prior to the privatisation of Malaysian League, the club was owned by the Football Association of Penang (FAP), in which the association also runs the domestic leagues of the states, which is known as FAP League.
FAP was also troubled with debts and players' salary payments were reportedly delayed two to three months over the two years. The delayed salary payments were said to have led some players to take money from bookies to give away games. The poor performance of the Penang team, languishing at the bottom of the Premier League table, also kicked up storm at the Penang State Legislative Assembly in May 2011.

 Head coaches 

 Head coaches since semi-pro era 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Penang FC official website

Hasbro
Hasbro, Inc. (; a syllabic abbreviation of its original name, Hassenfeld Brothers) is an American multinational conglomerate holding company incorporated and headquartered in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. Hasbro owns the trademarks and products of Kenner, Milton Bradley, Parker Brothers, and Wizards of the Coast, among others. As of August 2020, over 81.5% of its shares were held by large financial institutions.Among its products are  
Transformers, G.I. Joe, Power Rangers, Rom the Space Knight, Micronauts, Beyblade, Zoids, M.A.S.K., Monopoly, Hamtaro, Furby, Nerf, Ouija boards, Play-Doh, Twister, and My Little Pony, and with the Entertainment One acquisition in 2019, franchises like Peppa Pig and PJ Masks. The Hasbro brand also spawned TV shows to promote its products, such as Family Game Night on the Discovery Family network. It is the former parent of mass media and entertainment company Entertainment One. Hasbro sold eOne to Lionsgate in 2023, however, it kept eOne's family brands and eOne's stake in Astley Baker Davies, placing them into a new subsidiary called Hasbro Entertainment.

 History 

 Hassenfeld Brothers 
Three Polish-Jewish brothers, Herman, Hillel, and Henry Hassenfeld, founded Hassenfeld Brothers in Providence, Rhode Island, in late 1923, a company selling textile remnants. Over the next two decades, the company expanded to produce pencil cases and school supplies. On January 8, 1926, Hassenfeld Brothers was incorporated; Hillel left for another textile business while Henry took charge of the corporation. They began making their own pencils when their pencil supplier began making pencil cases as well.Hassenfeld Brothers produced modeling clay and then doctor and nurse kits as their first toys, and they became primarily a toy company by 1942. Hillel died in 1943 and Henry Hassenfeld became CEO, while his son Anthony Merrill became president. The company entered the plastic fields during World War II to support its toy line. The Hassenfeld brothers, immigrants from Ulanów, Poland, also spent the war years helping to rescue and employ fellow Jews from Ulanów; Jacob Klapper, a holocaust survivor born in Ulanów, recalled being told when he arrived in the United States that Hassenfeld Brothers would employ any survivor from Ulanów, no questions asked. Hassenfeld Brothers' first popular toy was Mr. Potato Head, which the company purchased from George Lerner in 1952. In 1954, the company became a Disney major licensee.
In 1960, Henry died and Merrill took over the parent company, and his older brother Harold ran the pencil-making business of Empire Pencil. Hassenfeld Brothers expanded to Canada with Hassenfeld Brothers (Canada) Ltd. in 1961. In 1963 the company introduced Flubber, but reports of sore throats and rashes from the product and knock-offs prompted an investigation by the Food and Drug Administration and a voluntary recall by Hassenfeld Brothers. The company was approached in 1963 to license a toy based on The Lieutenant, which they turned down because they did not want to be tied to a possibly short-lived television series. Instead, Hassenfeld Brothers produced the G.I. Joe toy in 1964 which they termed an "action figure" in order to market it to boys who wouldn't want to play with dolls. In 1964 and 1965, G.I. Joe accounted for two-thirds of Hassenfeld's sales.

 Hasbro Industries 
The company had previously sold toys under the Hasbro trade name, and it shortened its name to Hasbro Industries on July 12, 1968 and sold a minor stake in the corporation to the public. The unpopular Vietnam War was at its height in 1969, so Hasbro redesigned GI Joe to be less militaristic and more adventure-oriented. Its promotional efforts included the catchphrase "Boy Oh Boy! It's A Hasbro Toy!" in television commercials and print ads. Also in 1969, Hasbro bought Burt Claster Enterprises which produced "Romper Room" and had just begun a Romper Room toy line. A month-long Teamsters strike and Far Eastern supplier troubles caused the company to post a $1 million loss for the year.In 1970, Hasbro began a plan of diversification and opened the Romper Room Nursery School franchise chain to cash in on President Richard M. Nixon's Family Assistance Plan which subsidized day care for working mothers. By 1975, the company had ended the nursery chain. Hasbro also entered the cookware field with the Galloping Gourmet line based on a television cooking show.
Two new 1970s toys were public relations disasters. One of the toys was named Javelin Darts which were similar to the ancient Roman plumbata. On December 19, 1988, the Consumer Product Safety Commission banned lawn darts from sale in the United States due to their hazards as a flying projectile with a sharp metal point causing multiple deaths. The other toy was named The Hypo-Squirt, a hypodermic needle-shaped water gun tagged by the press as a "junior junkie" kit. Both were recalled. Romper Room and its toy line had continued success, although Action for Children's Television citizens group considered the program to be an advertising channel for toys.Merrill Hassenfeld took over as CEO in 1974, and his son Stephen D. Hassenfeld became president. The company became profitable once again but had mixed results due to cash flow problems from increasing the number of toys in the line to offset G.I. Joe's declining sales. Hasbro ended the G.I. Joe line in 1975 because of the rising prices of plastic and crude oil. In 1977, Hasbro's losses were $2.5 million, and the company held a large debt load. That same year, Hasbro acquired licensing rights to Peanuts cartoon characters. With the financial situation poor, Hasbro's bankers made the company temporarily stop dividend payments in early 1979. The toy division's losses increased Harold Hassenfeld's resentment regarding the company's treatment of the Empire Pencil subsidiary as Empire received lower levels of capital spending relative to profits than did the toy division.
With Merrill's death in 1979, Harold did not recognize Stephen's authority as the successor to the chairman and CEO position. As a solution, Hasbro spun off Empire Pencil in 1980, which was the nation's largest pencil maker, with Harold trading his Hasbro shares for those of Empire. Stephen then became both the CEO and chairman of the board. Between 1978 and 1981, Stephen reduced the Hasbro product line by one-third and its new products by one-half. Hasbro focused on simple, low-cost, longer life-cycle toys like Mr. Potato Head. Hasbro thus stayed out of the electronic games field which went bust in the early 1980s.
In 1982, Hasbro revived its G.I. Joe line with the help of Marvel Comics, as an anti-terrorist special forces team based on current events. The company launched the successful Transformers toy line along with a children's animated TV series two years later. With the toys and TV series being popular, Stephen Hassenfeld posed with the toys for a People magazine cover photo.
In 1982, Hasbro produced the successful toy franchise My Little Pony. In 1983, they purchased GLENCO Infant Items, a manufacturer of infant products and the world's largest bib producer, and Knickerbocker Toy Company, a struggling Warner Communications subsidiary. Hasbro paid 37% of its stock to Warner, which was paid into Hasbro's executive-controlled voting trust, and also received a cash infusion. In 1984, Alan G. Hassenfeld took over as president from his brother Stephen, who continued as CEO and chairman. That same year, the company was the nation's sixth best-selling toymaker, and then acquired the Milton Bradley Company, which was the nation's fifth best-selling toymaker. This brought The Game of Life, Twister, Easy Money, and Playskool into the Hasbro fold and on September 10 transformed Hasbro into Hasbro Bradley. Stephen Hassenfeld became the merged company's president and CEO, with Milton Bradley chief James Shea Jr. taking the chairman position. However, the executives clashed and Shea left after a few months, and Stephen and Alan returned to their previous positions.

 Hasbro 

 1985–2007 
On June 6, 1985, the company changed its name again to just Hasbro, Inc. The Jumpstarters toys were the subject of a lawsuit in 1985 when Hasbro sued a toy manufacturer for selling toys based on their Transformers design. Hasbro won the suit.In the mid-1980s, Hasbro moved past Mattel to become the world's largest toy company. Hasbro then moved to outsell Mattel's Barbie in the fashion doll market with the 1986 introduction of Jem, a record producer/rock musician dual identity fashion doll. Jem initially posted strong sales but plummeted and was withdrawn from the market in 1987. Hasbro followed up in 1988 with Maxie, a Barbie-sized blonde doll, so that Barbie clothing and accessories would fit. Maxie lasted until 1990.Under Alan's initiative in the late 1980s, Hasbro moved to increase international sales by taking toys overseas that had failed in the US market and selling them for as much as four times the original price. This increased international sales from $268 million in 1985 to $433 million in 1988.In 1988, Hasbro purchased part of Coleco Industries' indoor and outdoor children's furniture and ride-on toy product lines for $21 million including two just closed manufacturing plants in Amsterdam, N.Y. In July 1989, Hasbro acquired bankrupt Coleco for $85 million. Stephen Hassenfeld died later that year with the company having gone from sales of $104 million in the year he took control to 1989 sales of over $1.4 billion.Alan succeeded Stephen as chairman and CEO. In 1991, Hasbro purchased Tonka Corp. for $486 million, along with its units Parker Brothers, the maker of Monopoly, and Kenner Products. Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers were merged into one division. Alan moved to expand Hasbro overseas with new units in Greece, Hungary, and Mexico.Alan saw the Far East as an important market to expand. In 1992, Hasbro purchased Nomura Toys Ltd. in Japan, and majority ownership of Palmyra, a Southeast Asian toy distributor. These increased the proportion of international sales from 22% in 1985 to 45% ($1.28 billion) in 1995. In 1993, Hasbro lost its bid for J. W. Spear & Sons, a U.K.-based game maker, to Mattel.In the US, Hasbro's growth since 1980 was from acquisitions and the leveraging of the new assets. New product development was not as successful except for film and TV tie-in product lines with Jurassic Park and Barney. Thus, US sales were stagnant in the early 1990s, falling from 1993 to 1995. To turn domestic performance around in 1994, Hasbro merged the Hasbro Toy, Playskool, Playskool Baby, Kenner, and Kid Dimension units into the Hasbro Toy Group.  Meanwhile, Mattel purchased Fisher-Price and retook the top spot in the toy industry.Hasbro Interactive was started in 1995 and released the Monopoly game on CD-ROM. Mattel also proposed a merger that year, but was turned down by the Hasbro board in 1996 due to antitrust issues and Justice Department investigation into exclusionary policies between toy manufacturers and toy retailers, particularly Toys "R" Us.In 1998, Hasbro bought Avalon Hill for $6 million and Galoob for $220 million. That same year, Milton Bradley merged with Parker Bros. to form Hasbro Games. In 1999, Hasbro paid $325 million for rights to Pokémon toys. The same year, Wizards of the Coast was bought in a deal worth $325 million. Wizards of the Coast is now a subsidiary of Hasbro and has Avalon Hill as its division. In 2001 money-losing Hasbro Interactive was sold to Infogrames, a French software concern, for $100 million. Hasbro entered the building block toy with its Built to Rule line in 2003, which did not hold together well or were too hard for the targeted age group, thus ended in 2005.

 2008–2018 
In 2008, Hasbro acquired game maker Cranium, Inc. for $77.5 million. The deal was announced on January 4 and closed on January 25.Hasbro and Universal Pictures signed an agreement in February 2008 to derive four films from seven Hasbro properties for production. In May, Bennett Schneir was hired to lead its Hasbro Films division, while Hasbro also reacquired series based on their properties from Sunbow Productions.The year of his promotion to CEO of Hasbro, Brian Goldner was named CEO of the year by News Corp affiliate website MarketWatch.com. Goldner became the first person not from the founding Hassenfeld family to hold the position.
In 2009, the Milton Bradley and Parker Bros. brands were retired after eleven years and eight years of Hasbro ownership respectively. That same year, Hasbro Studios was formed for TV development, production and distribution. On December 11, 2012, Hasbro transferred all entertainment divisions to Hasbro Studios, including their LA-based film group, and Cake Mix Studio, the company's Rhode Island-based producer of commercials and short form content.Hasbro collaborated with Discovery on The Hub, a cable television network targeting younger children and families, which launched on October 10, 2010. The venture found unexpected success with the revival of the My Little Pony franchise, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, which became the network's highest-rated program and attracted a significant cult following among teens and adults. The Hub Network was rebranded as Discovery Family on October 13, 2014.
In 2013, Hasbro renewed its deal to produce Marvel Comics and Star Wars toys through at least 2020.In 2011, Greenpeace accused Hasbro of purchasing paper for its packaging from ancient forests in Indonesia. Hasbro changed its paper purchasing policy, earning the company praise from Greenpeace executive director Phil Radford, who said: "The new Hasbro policy will also increase the recycled and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper in its toy packaging. Hasbro's new commitments are great news for Indonesian rainforests and the people and wildlife that depend on them."By April 2011, Hasbro started 360 Manufacturing Services, a contract OEM game manufacturing operating out of Hasbro's USA plant. Having been absent from the building block market since the failure of the Built to Rule line, Hasbro re-entered the market with the Kre-O line in late 2011, starting with some Transformers-based sets.In 2012, Hasbro received a US$1.6 million tax credit from the state of Rhode Island with a promise to create 245 new jobs in the state. Instead, they laid off more than 125 workers. This was followed in 2013 with further layoffs of North American workers, amounting to 10% of its salaried employees. Meanwhile, CEO Brian Goldner signed a new five-year contract. As of fiscal year 2012, Goldner had a total calculated compensation of $9,684,285. On July 9, 2013, Backflip Studios sold a 70% stake in the company to Hasbro for $112 million in cash.On November 6, 2012, it was rumored that The Walt Disney Company was discussing a multi-billion dollar deal to acquire Hasbro. While Hasbro declined to discuss the rumor, advisors stated there was "absolutely nothing going on" they knew of between the two companies. Additionally, financial analysts said the deal was illogical, as the rumor came out just a week after Disney had acquired Lucasfilm.Hasbro was named by Fortune magazine as one of the top 100 companies to work for in 2013, citing that the "company enhanced its vacation policy by giving new employees three weeks off in their first year instead of having to wait five years."On November 12, 2014, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation. The proposal reportedly calls for the combined company to take the name "DreamWorks-Hasbro" and for Jeffrey Katzenberg to become its chairman, but as a matter of policy, neither Hasbro nor DWA publicly comment on mergers and acquisitions. Two days later, the talks were reported to have fallen through.On July 14, 2015, the company announced the intent to sell its last two factories, in Ireland and East Longmeadow, Massachusetts (including its 360 Manufacturing Services), to Cartamundi. The deal was set to close in sixty days. Hasbro signed a five-year deal with Cartamundi to produce their board games at the East Longmeadow plant.With Mattel adding two competing lines, and the expiration of their Disney Princess license at the end of 2015, Disney gave Hasbro a chance to gain the license given their work on Star Wars, which led to a Descendants license. DCP was also attempting to evolve the brand from one of them less as damsels and more as heroines. In September 2014, Disney announced that Hasbro would be the doll licensee for the Disney Princess line starting on January 1, 2016.On July 13, 2016, Hasbro acquired Dublin-based Boulder Media Limited and placed it under the control of its chief content officer. Hasbro announced that it would launch its own convention, named HasCon, and featuring "all things Hasbro" in 2016, with the inaugural event being held at the Rhode Island Convention Center in September 2017.On November 10, 2017, the Wall Street Journal reported that Hasbro had made a takeover offer for Mattel, Inc. At the time, Mattel's worth was $5 billion, while Hasbro's worth was about $11 billion. On November 15, 2017, Reuters reported that Mattel rejected the offer. On February 27, 2018, Variety reported in a detailed article that Hasbro came close to buying Lionsgate, but the deal fell through.

 2018–present 
On February 16, 2018, Saban Brands appointed Hasbro as the global master toy licensee for Power Rangers with a future collaboration and option to purchase the franchise. On May 1, 2018, Hasbro agreed to purchase Power Rangers and other entertainment assets from Saban Brands for US$522 million in cash and stock with the licensing fee recently paid with credit. The sale, which also collaborated with  My Pet Monster, Popples, Julius Jr.,Treehouse Detectives and additional properties, was expected to close in the second quarter until it was finished with Saban's collab.On October 19, 2018, the company announced plans to cut jobs amounting to less than 10% of its 5,000-plus global workforce in response to changes in how consumers buy toys.In 2018, Hasbro signed a number of licensing agreements for hospitality deals based on Hasbro brands. On May 1, 2018, the Monopoly Mansion hotel agreement was announced by Hasbro, with M101 Holdings overseeing construction and M101's Sirocco Group assigned to manage the hotel when it opened in 2019. Hasbro granted Kingsmen Creatives a license to build a chain of NERF Action Xperience family entertainment centers, with the first to be opened in Singapore in fall/winter 2019. In November, the company issued a license for family entertainment centers to Kilburn Live, who were to launch a new division for the centers. That December, the company granted a license for theme parks to Imagine Resorts and Hotels, co-founded by Bruce Neviaser. Neviaser had previously co-founded Great Lakes Companies, which launched Great Wolf Resorts indoor waterpark resorts. On December 18, 2019, Hasbro and West Edmonton Mall announced that Galaxyland would get a makeover, with rides being redone and renamed to Hasbro properties. Construction was begun later that month and scheduled to wrap up in late 2020.On August 22, 2019, Hasbro announced its purchase of Entertainment One for about US$4 billion. The deal was completed on December 30, 2019.On October 24, 2019, Hasbro announced the closing of Backflip Studios, while its Wizards of the Coast subsidiary purchased Tuque Games in October.On February 28, 2020, Hasbro announced that Campbell Arnott's former CMO David McNeil had joined the company as the managing director for Pacific operations.On September 30, 2020, Renegade Game Studios announced they had acquired licensing for creating tabletop games for multiple Hasbro brands. Several of the games would be using the 5E role-playing system owned by Hasbro's subsidiary Wizards of the Coast.On February 25, 2021, during the 2021 Investor Event, Hasbro announced a company reorganization with three divisions: Consumer Products, Entertainment, and Wizards & Digital. The Wall Street Journal reported that "Hasbro's net revenue fell 8% last year to $5.47 billion, due in part to retail shutdowns related to Covid-19," however, its Wizards of the Coast subsidiary "posted revenue of $816 million last year, up 24% from 2019, fueled by what Hasbro says were record years for" Dungeons & Dragons and Magic: The Gathering. ICv2 reported, "the WotC and Digital Gaming segment is over $112 million more than the operating profit for Hasbro's entire consumer products segment" and that "Wizards of the Coast on its own is also more profitable than Hasbro's consumer products segment [...]. From the outside, Hasbro looks like a toy company, but with these numbers, it's revealed to be a geek game company with toy and entertainment divisions".In April 2021, Hasbro agreed to sell eOne Music unit to Blackstone for $385 million, offloading part of the Entertainment One operations that it acquired in 2019.Hasbro's longtime CEO Brian Goldner died on October 12, 2021, after a 7-year battle with cancer. Richard Stoddart served as the interim CEO of the company following Goldner's death; Chris Cocks was named as Goldner's successor on January 5, 2022, and became CEO on February 25, 2022. Cocks was formerly the president and chief operating officer of Wizards of the Coast, a division of Hasbro.In June 2022, Hasbro defeated a board challenge from activist investor Alta Fox Capital Management LLC. The hedge fund company, which owns a 2.5% stake of Hasbro, had been pushing to spin out Wizards of the Coast "into its own company in an attempt to create what they saw was more value by making a second publicly traded company with a more profitable line of business".
On November 17, 2022, Hasbro announced they had put Entertainment One up for sale. This includes their film and TV business but would exclude the company's children's division, so eOne franchises like Peppa Pig would remain under Hasbro. On March 15, 2023, it was reported that Fremantle, Lionsgate and Legendary Entertainment are interested in the buyout. However, Fremantle dropped out of the bid while CVC Capital Partners and GoDigital Media Group joined in the bid for the eOne buyout. On April 20, 2023, it was reported that Hasbro was in talks with Throop on the possibility of buying the company back. On July 17, 2023, Deadline reported that Lionsgate was a frontrunner to acquire Entertainment One.On August 3, 2023, Hasbro announced that Lionsgate would acquire Entertainment One for $500 million, with the transaction closed on December 27, 2023.On December 12, 2023, TechCrunch reported that paperwork Hasbro filed with the SEC contained information announcing layoffs of 1,100 employees (20% of their entire workforce across all divisions) effective immediately. Hasbro's CEO, Chris Cocks, stated that this reduction is part of a broader cost-saving strategy, aimed at saving $350 million to $400 million by 2025, with a renewed focus on high-profit areas like licensing and entertainment, particularly in the Wizards of the Coast division. Hasbro also announced to have signed a deal with McFarlane Toys as part the latter's Page Punchers line-up.

 Subsidiaries 

 Consumer products 
Funskool (40%)
Hasbro Gaming
Avalon Hill (brand)
HasLab (defunct in 2012, re-established in 2018)
Hasbro Pulse
Playskool
Tonka

 Entertainment 
Hasbro EntertainmentAstley Baker Davies (70%)
Left Foot Blue
Cake Mix Studios
Discovery Family (40%)
SCG Characters LLC
SCG Power Rangers LLC
SCG Luna Petunia LLC
Treehouse Detectives LLC
Saban Brands Voyagers LLC

 Wizards & Digital 
Wizards of the Coast
Archetype Entertainment
Atomic Arcade
D&D Beyond
Invoke Studios
Mirrorstone Books

 Former 

 Divested 
Boulder Media (sold to Princess Pictures)
eOne Music (sold to The Blackstone Group, renamed MNRK Music Group)
Entertainment One (sold to Lionsgate in 2023)
Secret Location
The Mark Gordon Company
AutoMatik
eOne Films
Amblin Partners (minority)
Amblin Entertainment
Amblin Television
DreamWorks Pictures
Makeready
Momentum Pictures
Les Films Séville
Séville International
Sierra/Affinity
eOne Television
Daisybeck Studios (United Kingdom)
Whizz Kid Entertainment (United Kingdom)
Blackfin (United States)
Renegade83 (United States)
Round Room Entertainment
Daisybeck Studios (United Kingdom)
Whizz Kid Entertainment (United Kingdom)
Blackfin (United States)
Renegade83 (United States)
Round Room Entertainment

 Defunct 
Allspark (formerly Hasbro Studios, LLC, replaced by Hasbro Entertainment)
Allspark Pictures (formerly Hasbro Films/Hasbro Film Group)
Backflip Studios (70%)
Claster Television
Cranium, Inc.
Empire Pencil
eOne Family & Brands (replaced by Hasbro Entertainment)
Galoob
Hasbro Interactive
Kenner Products
Larami (name is now retired and part of the Nerf brand)
Milton Bradley Company
Parker Brothers
Selchow and Righter
Saban Brands
Tiger Electronics
Wrebbit

 Toys and games 

Hasbro has several brands of toys and games aimed at different demographics. Some of its better-known toy lines (past and present) are:

Hasbro is the largest producer of board games in the world as a result of its component brands, such as Parker Brothers, Waddingtons, Milton Bradley, Wizards of the Coast, and Avalon Hill (all acquisitions since the 1980s). As a result, it has well known and top selling games such as:

Hasbro also produces many variations of most of their games. For example, in addition to original Scrabble, the game is also available as "Scrabble Deluxe Edition", "Scrabble Deluxe Travel Edition","Scrabble Junior", and "Scrabble Onyx Edition".
Hasbro also offers Game of skill such as:

Bop It
JengaThey also formerly sold:

Brain Warp and its sister products which include Brain Shift, Brain Bash, Death Star Escape, Hyperslide and Torx.
Bull's-Eye BallHasbro also offers a memory game called Simon which involves memorising sequences of colors and lights.
In 1995, Hasbro began a short-lived video game development and publishing venture called Hasbro Interactive, but disbanded it in 2001 when it was bought by the now defunct Infogrames. Now Hasbro develops video games based on its brands through third-party developers and licensing strategies, notably with major American companies such as Activision, Electronic Arts, and THQ. Following the rise of smartphones and tablet PCs in the 2010s, as well as major video gaming publishers cutting back on releasing games based on licensed IPs for various reasons, such as economic slumps, several of Hasbro's brands were licensed towards mobile game developers such as Gameloft, releasing their games under the label Hasbro Gaming.
On February 25, 2005, Hasbro announced that it would be introducing a musical toothbrush to the market. The Tooth Tunes, released in early 2007, transmits music from the jawbone to the ear when the bristles touch the teeth.In November 2023, Hasbro signed a licensing deal with Ageless Innovation to design toys and games for people over 65. Hasbro will come out "Generations" versions of known games such as Scrabble, Life, and Trivial Pursuit. The new versions will include larger fonts and game pieces as well as content that is relevant to different generations.In January 2024, Hasbro launched a new line of Star Wars figures to join The Black Series and The Vintage Collection for the 25th anniversary of Phantom Menace.The line includes a Destroyer Droid that can roll. In the same month, Hasbro announced a pre-order for a new crowdfunding project; the creation of Omega Prime, a Transformer that is a combination of Optimus Prime and Ultra Magnus.

 Criticism and controversy 
In 2007, a workers' rights group investigated several of Hasbro's Chinese suppliers and found that, in one instance, a toy factory in China's Guangxi Province had hired 1000 junior high school students. The same group discovered other widespread labor violations, including unsafe working conditions, mandatory overtime, verbal abuse and sexual harassment of employees. Hasbro issued a statement, saying that it would "act swiftly and decisively in making any necessary changes" and had "increased the intensity of [its] ongoing safety review efforts." Critics pointed out that Hasbro had no official regulatory control of these factories. Hasbro responded by hiring independent auditors. These auditors make unannounced visits to the East Asian subcontractors. Reports then emerged that the factory managers have been coached in how to fool the auditors.Hasbro has also been criticized for focusing some of its products on specific demographic groups. For example, a letter spread widely on social media in November 2012 written by a six-year-old Irish girl complaining about the lack of female characters in the guessing game Guess Who? This garnered attention in the press after the girl's mother posted the exchange on her blog. Guess Who? had previously received complaints over gender and ethnic bias in its choice of 24 images.Hasbro primarily sells toys directed at either the girl or boy markets. As such, there have been criticisms that Hasbro's toys reinforce gender stereotypes. For example, in December 2012, 13-year-old McKenna Pope started a campaign on Change.org, calling on the company to create a "boy-friendly" version of the popular Easy-Bake Oven and to feature boys on their packaging and materials. Within a week, over 30,000 people signed her petition.Hasbro was criticized for "sexist" product design when its 2015 Star Wars Monopoly board game failed to feature Rey, the female protagonist in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, while including all of the supporting male characters. Hasbro explained that Rey was left out of the Monopoly game to avoid spoilers, because the game was released months before the movies. On January 5, 2016, Hasbro announced that Rey would be included in future versions.  Hasbro later stated that it struggled to distribute the updated Monopoly game that includes the Rey piece, because retailers (especially in the United States) showed "insufficient interest" after having already purchased stock of the first release.On October 2, 2015, Lorraine Markham sued Hasbro for breach of contract for failure to pay royalties to her. She was seeking a declaration from the U.S. District Court in Providence that her husband Bill Markham was the sole creator of The Game of Life.On August 7, 2020, Hasbro produced a DreamWorks Animation Troll doll device for pre-school age children which had an unadvertised activator on the doll's private parts that caused the device to emit several audio recordings that were questioned by some American mothers; in particular one of them posted a Facebook video stream that went viral. In it, she questioned whether the intent was to groom children for depravity: "It makes a gasping sound when you touch her privates. And to me it's just like sexual sounds, and it's so disturbing. This is 100% why I say that they have been GROOMING kids all along." A Hasbro senior officer for global communications quickly back-pedalled and protested that it was "not intentional" and the company removed the device from the marketplace. A writer for USA Today opined that "We rate the claim that the doll was designed to groom children as PARTLY FALSE."In late December 2022, continuing into 2023, Hasbro and subsidiary company Wizards of the Coast fell under a fire of backlash from Dungeons & Dragons fans due to leaked information indicating the companies planned to revoke a longstanding open license and to replace it with one that imposed severe new regulations on content created under the previous license agreement. The legality of this move by Hasbro has been debated.
In 2023, subsidiary Wizards of the Coast hired several Pinkerton employees to seize the upcoming March of the Machine: The Aftermath card set for trading card game Magic: The Gathering from a YouTuber who had purchased them from a local game store and published their contents on YouTube ahead of release.

 Conventions 

 HasCon (2017) 
HasCon was a fan convention created by Hasbro to promote its various licensed properties, including Transformers, G.I. Joe, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, and Magic: The Gathering. It thus replaces the previous fan convention from Fun Publications, BotCon. However, Fun Publications' G. I. Joe Convention continued to be held as of 2017. It was subsequently announced that the first HasCon is scheduled for September 8–10, 2017, at the Rhode Island Convention Center. Meanwhile, Summer Hayes, LLC., which organizes My Little Pony Fair convention, has announced that their convention will not be held for 2017, and would collaborate with HasCon instead.
There was supposed to be a HasCon event in 2019 at the Rhode Island Convention Center and Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island, but it has since been cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

 Hasbro Pulse Con (2020–present) 
Hasbro Pulse Con is a virtual convention held through the Hasbro Pulse website, following the cancelation of HasCon 2019 due the COVID-19 pandemic. Since 2020, four yearly conventions were made at the moment.

 Other 
BotCon (1994–2002/2005–2016)
OTFCC (2003–2004)
G.I. Joe Collectors Club (by Fun Publications, 2005–2016)
Transformers Collectors Club (by Fun Publications, 2005–2018)

 Other media 
List of comics based on Hasbro properties
List of television programs based on Hasbro properties
List of films based on Hasbro properties

 See also 
List of game manufacturers
Bandai
LEGO
Mattel
MGA Entertainment
TOMY

 References 

 External links 

Official website 
Business data for Hasbro:

First Chōshū expedition
The First Chōshū expedition (Japanese: 第一次長州征討) was a punitive military expedition by the Tokugawa shogunate against the Chōshū Domain in September–November 1864. The expedition was in retaliation for Chōshū's role in the attack on the Kyoto Imperial Palace during the Kinmon incident in August 1864. The expedition ended in a nominal victory for the shogunate after a deal negotiated by Saigō Takamori allowed Chōshū to hand over the ringleaders of the Kinmon incident.

 Background 
The First Chōshū expedition was launched on 1 September 1864.The conflict finally led to a compromise brokered by the Satsuma Domain at the end of 1864. Although Satsuma initially jumped on the opportunity to weaken its traditional Chōshū enemy, it soon realized that the intention of the Bakufu was first to neutralize Chōshū, and then to neutralize Satsuma. For this reason, Saigō Takamori, who was one of the Commanders of the shogunate forces, proposed to avoid fighting and instead obtain the leaders responsible for the rebellion. Chōshū was relieved to accept, as were the shogunate forces, who were not much interested in battle. Thus ended the First Chōshū expedition without a fight, as a nominal victory for the Bakufu.

 See also 
Second Chōshū expedition
Bakumatsu

 Notes 

Typhoon Rita (1978)
Typhoon Rita, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Kading, was the most powerful tropical cyclone during the 1978 Pacific typhoon season and one of the most intense tropical cyclones on record. A long-lived and destructive tropical cyclone, Rita began its journey east of the Marshall Islands and rapidly moved westwards, becoming a typhoon on October 20. Rita continued rapid intensification and attained super typhoon status and later an atmospheric pressure of 878 mbar (25.9 inHg) on October 25. Rita struck the Philippines overnight on October 26 and entered the South China Sea as a minimal typhoon. Rita caused extreme damage and more than 300 deaths.

 Meteorological history 
Rita originated from a tropical depression that originated east of the Marshall Islands, near the International Date Line, on October 17. It rapidly intensified while moving westward and became a typhoon on October 20, about 500 mi (800 km) south-southwest of Wake Island. Rita continued rapid intensification and became a Category 4-equivalent super typhoon on October 23.At 6:22 A.M., local time, on October 24, a reconnaissance aircraft reported a minimum pressure reading of 888 mbar (26.2 inHg) and maximum surface winds of 130 knots (150 mph). Rita continued to move westward and late in the evening of the same day, Rita passed 60 mi (97 km) of Guam, where heavy damages to banana plantations were reported. Rita continued moving rapidly westward towards Luzon at a speed of 23 knots (26 mph). Rita's central pressure fell to a minimum of 878 mbar (25.9 inHg) when it was about 650 mi (1,050 km) east of Manila at noon on October 25. Satellite pictures received later in the afternoon revealed a distinct eye and good cirrus outflow associated with the circulation of Rita. During the following night, on October 26, Rita made landfall over Luzon, causing disastrous damage and leaving 200,000 homeless. Baler, located on the east coast of Luzon, reported gusts of 50 knots (58 mph) when the storm passed just to the south of it. Infanta, located 60 miles (97 km) south of Baler, reported a minimum sea-level pressure of 971.5 mbar (28.69 inHg).
Rita entered the South China Sea on October 27 and gradually accelerated in speed as it moved west-northwest towards Hainan. Its circulation remained intense with a large area of strong winds even though it weakened significantly after striking the Philippines. A fishing boat called the San Jose II went aground on a reef about 400 mi (640 km) southwest of Manila during the evening of October 27. In Hong Kong, the Stand By Signal, No. 1, was hoisted at 11:45 A.M. on October 27, when Rita was situated about 430 mi (690 km) to the southeast. Since an intense surge of winter monsoon was expected to reach the Southern Chinese coast. The combinations of the effects of Rita and the monsoon were forecast to cause strong winds in Hong Kong overnight. The Strong Wind Signal, No. 3, was hoisted at 4:30 PM although Rita was still situated 390 mi (630 km) south-southwest of Hong Kong and was moving west-northwest at 8 knots (9.2 mph) towards Hainan. At 5:00 A.M., Shangchuandao reported winds of 58 knots (67 mph) with gusts of 72 knots (83 mph).Due to the influx of cold and dry air because the winter monsoon, the typhoon weakened rapidly and moved slowly southwestwards away from Hong Kong. during daytime on October 28. The system was closest to Hong Kong at 8:00 A.M. The central pressure was estimated to be about 990 millibars (29 inHg). On October 29, satellites received unveiled that the system became disorganized and the center of the system ill-defined. The monsoon still caused gale-forced winds over the South China Sea even though Rita had moved away from Hong Kong and weakened into a weak tropical storm. A cargo ship, the M.V. Toubkal went aground on the Scarborough Shoal, 460 mi (740 km) south-southeast of Hong Kong, and broke in two. Rita continued to weaken and degenerated into an area of low pressure, off the coast of South Vietnam, on October 29.

 Preparations and impact 
Before approaching the Philippines, flights to Guam were all canceled and U.S. Strategic Air Command evacuated all of its B-52 bombers to Kadena Air Base in Okinawa and naval aircraft were sent to Cubi Point in the Philippines.While approaching the Philippines, authorities had all aircraft evacuated to Guam and Okinawa. All international flights in and out of Manila Airport were canceled. Philippine Airlines scrubbed all domestic flights and its airplanes were evacuated to the Southern Philippines. Schools and businesses in Manila and most of northern Luzon were closed.

 Guam 
In Guam, no major damage was reported even though there was crop damage that was not immediately determined. 2 U.S. Navy personnel were killed and a third was injured while taking an antenna from a building during preparations from Rita. The antenna came in contact with a high-voltage wire. 7 people were injured, 4 seriously injured in a head-on auto collision. Investigators reported that the road was wet and that there were wind gusts at the time of the collision. A civilian suffered multiple injuries when he fell from the sixth floor of an apartment building where he was boarding up windows. His condition is not immediately known.

 Philippines 
There were no immediate reports of casualties or damage in northern Luzon. However, Luzon was pounded by Rita's violent 90 mph (140 km/h) wind gusts and extremely torrential rains. Widespread power outages in Manila and Southern Luzon were reported when Rita passed 36 miles (58 km) north of the city, cutting off satellite communications links. Red Cross and national disaster officials reported that more than 4,000 people were moved to safer ground and evacuation continued. A youth was reported to be electrocuted by a falling wire near the capital and a Luzon couple was seriously injured when a tree fell on their house. Power lines in many provinces were toppled. Some areas experienced wind gusts as much as 125 miles per hour (201 km/h). Death toll from the storm was reported to have risen to more than 200 on October 31. A reported 354 other Filipinos were missing. The storm cut across rice-rich fields of the Central Luzon plains with 100 mph (160 km/h) winds. More than 50,000 homes were destroyed and displaced 291,610 families, a total of 1,444,465 people. Damage to infrastructure and agricultural crops was placed at more than $100 million (1979 USD) and about 750,000 acres of rice was damaged.
President Ferdinand E. Marcos declared 5 provinces calamity zones. He later ordered the suspension of the exporting of rice as a result of the extensive damage. Some areas experienced flooding that was waist-deep. It was reported that a Red Cross team sent to check reported that a dam had overflown and drowned 30 villagers outside the town of Norzagaray. In the Norzagaray area, 18 people were reported dead and 24 others missing. In the Angat area, where the Angat Dam is located, 6 people were dead and 20 were missing. U.S. Navy planes and helicopters saved 40 crewmen from a wrecked Moroccan ship that sunk in the South China Sea. The ship hit shoals 210 mi (340 km) northwest of Manila. It had blown there by the typhoon's powerful winds and high seas. The flood waters caused 14,474 houses were partly or seriously damaged or by the extremely powerful wind gusts by the storm, in which Manila reported gusts of up to 93 mph (150 km/h).  Super Typhoon Rita was the worst typhoon to strike the Philippines in 8 years since Super Typhoon Joan in 1970.

 See also 

Typhoon Nora (1973) - Achieved a similar intensity while approaching the Philippines
Typhoon Tip (1979) - The most intense tropical cyclone on record
Typhoon Haiyan (2013) - Also had a relatively fast forward speed while approaching the Philippines, much stronger and deadlier landfall
Typhoon Mangkhut (2018) - Also maintained super typhoon intensity for a long time before striking Luzon

 Notes 

 References 

Thomas Crofts
The Reverend and Learned Thomas Crofts FRS FSA (1722 – 8 November 1781) was a British bibliophile, Anglican priest, Fellow of the Royal Society and European traveller.

 Early life 
Crofts was born in Monmouth, Wales and was the son of John Crofts. At the age of 17 he matriculated at Wadham College, Oxford.  The University of Oxford awarded him the degree Bachelor of Arts in February 1743 and the degree Master of Arts in 1746.

 The Grand Tour 
In the following 20 years Crofts alternated between the closeted life of a Fellow of an Oxford College and at least three extended tours of Europe. On one such visit (1758–1759) he accompanied a young Oxford Graduate, Thomas Knight, a cousin and future benefactor of the family of Jane Austen the novelist, on the Grand Tour. On such visits Crofts brought back many rare books and coins.
In 1763 Crofts was installed as Rector of Donyat, Somerset.  He then travelled to Aleppo, Syria where he was chaplain to the English Factory in the late 1760s and there continued researching and collecting antiquities.

 Literati 
In 1770 Crofts returned to England as Chaplain to the 4th Duke of Leeds and lived in Bury Street in the fashionable district of St. James.  He became a member of the literati frequenting the so-called 'Literary Coffee House' at the shop of the bookseller and publisher Thomas Payne.  His friends and colleagues included Thomas Tyrwhitt, George Steevens, John Hoole and the anatomist and numismatist William Hunter.  His library was now very extensive and books borrowed from it helped Tyrwhitt with 'The Canterbury Tales of Chaucer' (1775) and also Hoole with his translation of 'Orlando Furioso' (1783).  Crofts also came to the attention of the Dilettante Society as Lord Seaforth, the Marquis of Carmarthen (Francis Osborne son of the Duke of Leeds) and the naturalist Joseph Banks nominated him for membership in The Royal Society in March 1776.  It was also in 1776 that Crofts was involved with the publication of the spoof poems of Thomas Rowley, a medieval monk, which had in fact been written by Thomas Chatterton (1752–1770). Contemporary correspondence shows that Crofts recommended Tyrwhitt as an expert to George Catcott, who possessed the 'manuscripts', and he also suggested Payne as a publisher.  These poems were subsequently edited by Tyrrwhitt and published as genuine in 1777 only for Tyrwhitt to recant and expose them as forgeries.

 Health problems and death 
During the late 1770s Crofts' health began to deteriorate.  He sold his large collection of coins to Hunter in January 1781 and died at the home of the 4th Earl Fitzwilliam at Milton Park, Northamptonshire on 8 Nov that year.
A tribute in the 'Biographical Memoirs of William Bowyer' described Crofts as "distinguished for his general attainments as well as antient erudition . . gleaned . . not of reading only but of intelligent travels".  His extensive library was sold in over 8000 lots over 43 days in 1783.  Copies of the Catalogue of the Sale 'Bibliotheca Croftsiana . . ' are still in existence and his books now reside in some of the important collections of the world.

 See also 
Hunterian Collection

 References 

UNTV Cup Season 5
The UNTV Cup Season 5 was the 2016–17 season of the annual charity basketball league in the Philippines, UNTV Cup. The tournament organized by UNTV Public Service channel, through its chairman and chief executive officer of BMPI-UNTV, Kuya Daniel Razon, more popularly known as Mr. Public Service.
The season was officially opened on August 29, 2016, at the Mall of Asia Arena, in Pasay, with 13 teams vying for the championship title of the season, including Season 4 champions AFP Cavaliers. A new team was introduced this season called the Bureau of Customs Transformers.Regular games will be held at the Pasig City Sports Center in Pasig and the University of Makati Gym in Makati, with a live telecast on the UNTV Public Service channel every Sunday afternoons.During the season, the league got its second AnakTV award for being a child-friendly basketball tournament.

 Teams 
Thirteen teams, which composed of a new team (BOC Transformers) and twelve returning teams from last season will compete in the tournament. The teams were divided into two groups.

 New Teams 
Bureau of Customs will be the new team of the tournament starting this season.

Bureau of Customs (BOC) Transformers

 Group A 

 Group B 

 Venues 
The opening day was held at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay City, while the Games 2 and 3 of the Finals were at the Smart Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City. The rest of the elimination round and playoff games were held at multiple arenas in Greater Manila Area.

 Elimination round 

 First round 

 Group A 

 Group B 

 Second round 

 The Playoffs 

 Quarterfinals 

 Semifinals 

 BOC vs. Malacañan 

 Judiciary vs. PNP 

 Battle for Third Place: Judiciary Magis vs BOC Transformers 
Third placer received one million pesos cash prize (₱1,000,000) and the fourth-place earned five hundred thousand pesos (₱500,000).

Players of the Game: Chester Tolomia and Warren Ybañez

 Finals 

 Game 1 
Players of the Game: Christian Luanzon & Eric Dela Cuesta

 Game 2 
Best Player of the Game: Ollan Omiping

 Game 3 

 Winners and beneficiaries 
A total of 8.4 million pesos tax-free was given to the teams' chosen beneficiaries, with the champion team PNP Responders taking home a trophy, and 4 million pesos given to their chosen charity institution. The runner-up team Malacañang Kamao received 2 million pesos for their beneficiary. One million pesos was given to the third place team Judiciary Magis for their chosen beneficiary. Five hundred thousand pesos was given to the fourth-place finishers BOC Transformers for their chosen charity. The other participating teams got 100 thousand pesos for their beneficiary.

 Individual awards 

 Season Awards 

Scoring Champion: Chester Tolomia (Judiciary Magis)
Step Up Player of the Season: Ian Vincent Garrido (Malacañang Kamao)
Defensive Player of the Season: Harold Sta. Cruz (PNP Responders)
Starting Five:
Visnu Das Javier (Malacañang Kamao)
Jeffrey Quiambao (AFP Cavaliers)
Gilbert Malabanan (BFP Firefighters)
Ollan Omiping (PNP Responders)
Chester Tolomia (Judiciary Magis)
Most valuable player:
Season MVP: Chester Tolomia (Judiciary Magis)
Finals MVP:

 Top Players of the Season 
The following players have excelled in their respective categories.

 Players of the Week 
The following players were named the Players of the Week.

 UNTV Cup Segments 

 Heart of a Champion 
The Heart of a Champion segment features UNTV Cup players and their lives off the court as public servants.

 Top Plays 
The following segment features the top plays of the week and elimination round.

 Player, Analyst and Fan Interviews 
UNTV Cup players, analysts, and fans share their thoughts in interviews.

 See also 
UNTV Cup

 References 

 External links 
UNTVweb.com

The Eve Arden Show
The Eve Arden Show is a 26-episode American sitcom which aired during the 1957–1958 season on CBS, alternately sponsored by Lever Brothers and Shulton, Inc.

 Overview 
The show, starring Eve Arden, centers on Liza Hammond, a widowed mother of her twin daughters who works as writer and lecturer. It features actress Frances Bavier (the future Aunt Bee of The Andy Griffith Show) as Hammond's mother, Nora, who lives with the family. In eight of the 26 episodes, Allyn Joslyn portrays George Howell, Hammond's agent and potential love interest.
The series was produced for Arden's Westhaven Enterprises by Desilu. The show was filmed with three cameras in front of a live audience, although a laugh track was used for sweetening purposes. The show was based on author Emily Kimbrough's book It Gives Me Great Pleasure.Eve Arden had enjoyed a very successful run on radio in the CBS program Our Miss Brooks from 1948 to 1957. When it premiered as a television series in the fall of 1952, it was very popular with audiences and ran for four years on CBS.  During its final season, the ratings fell and the show was canceled in the spring of 1956. In the fall of 1957, Desilu Studios, which had produced Our Miss Brooks, attempted to resurrect Arden's television career with The Eve Arden Show and CBS scheduled it for Tuesday nights. With this new program, Arden was not able to duplicate the success she had with Our Miss Brooks. Despite the fact that it followed The Phil Silvers Show (which during its first two years had been one of the top 30 programs on television), both sitcoms failed to beat its competition on ABC - Cheyenne (with Sugarfoot on alternate weeks) and The Life and Times Of Wyatt Earp. After the 1957–1958 season, The Phil Silvers Show was renewed for one more year but The Eve Arden Show ended its one-year run after its 26th episode. For the next several years, Arden continued to work on television as a guest star on several programs. Then, in 1967, Desi Arnaz brought her back to weekly television in an NBC sitcom co-starring singer-comedian Kaye Ballard called The Mothers-In-Law. The series was only moderately successful and lasted two years.

 Cast 
Eve Arden as Liza Hammond
Allyn Joslyn as George Howell
Frances Bavier as Nora (six episodes)
Gail Stone as Jenny Hammond (seven episodes)
Karen Greene as Mary Hammond (seven episodes)
Willard Waterman as Carl Foster (four episodes)Guest stars include Philip Ahn, Mary Jane Croft, Bill Goodwin, Mary Beth Hughes, Kathryn Card and Danny Richards, Jr., as Liza's nephew, Melvin.

 Episode list 

 DVD release 
Four episodes of the series were released on Region 1 DVD on February 26, 2008 by Alpha Video.

 External links 
"The Eve Arden Show" Old Time Radio
The Eve Arden Show at IMDb 
Episode of The Eve Arden Show at the Internet Archive

 References 

David Dawson (actor)
David Robert Dawson (born 7 September 1982) is an English actor. On television, he is known for his roles in the BBC Four film The Road to Coronation Street (2010), the BBC One series Luther (2011), Ripper Street (2012–2016), The Last Kingdom (2015–2018) and The Secret Agent (2016), and the Channel 4 sitcom Year of the Rabbit (2019). His films include My Policeman (2022).
On stage, Dawson received a Laurence Olivier Award nomination for playing Smike in the 2007 production of The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby. Other notable performances have been in the 2009 production of Comedians, the 2010 production of Posh, and the 2011 production of Luise Miller.  

 Early life 
Dawson was born in Widnes, England, and attended Fairfield High School and Warrington Collegiate Institute before being accepted to RADA on the acting programme in 2002. Whilst at secondary school he was a member of the Musketeer Theatre Company where he played Dogberry in William Shakespeare's Much Ado About Nothing amongst other roles. At 17 he wrote a play called Divorced and Desperate which ran at the Queen's Hall Theatre, Widnes, for three nights. A year later he wrote and starred in the play The Boy in the Bed at the Tower Theatre, Islington, with financial backing from Barbara Windsor and Julie Walters to whom he had written for help. Dawson has a younger brother, James.

 Roles 
After leaving RADA in 2005, Dawson's first professional role was as understudy to Kevin Spacey as the eponymous hero of Shakespeare's Richard II for Trevor Nunn.Dawson has appeared in the television shows Doc Martin, The Thick of It, Secret Diary of a Call Girl and Peaky Blinders. He played Harry Parr-Davies in the BBC drama Gracie! about the life of English singer Gracie Fields. He starred as Coronation Street creator Tony Warren in the BBC drama The Road to Coronation Street. He played Toby Kent in three episodes of the second series of Luther for the BBC.In 2012, Dawson appeared in two BBC Two literary adaptations, playing Bazzard in The Mystery of Edwin Drood and Poins in The Hollow Crown. He later appeared in the first three BBC-produced series of Ripper Street. In 2016, he appeared in the BBC One's version of The Secret Agent. Dawson portrayed David Collins in the BBC Two series Banished
and King Alfred in BBC America and BBC Two's historical drama series The Last Kingdom.Dawson starred alongside Harry Styles and Emma Corrin in the 2022 film My Policeman, with critics praising his performance.

 Personal life 
Dawson is gay and married to author Josh Silver.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Stage 

 Audio 

 Awards and nominations 
In 2008 Dawson was nominated for Best Newcomer in a Play at the Olivier Awards for his role as Smike in Nicholas Nickleby. He was also nominated in 2010 for Best Supporting Actor in the What's On Stage awards for his role as Gethin Price in Comedians.
In 2022 he and the cast of My Policeman won the TIFF tribute Award for Performance, David alongside Harry Styles were also nominated at the 2023 MTV Movie & TV Awards for Best kiss.

 Critical acclaim 
Dawson drew critical acclaim for his portrayal of writer Tony Warren in the BBC Four drama The Road to Coronation Street. For the New Statesman Rachel Cooke wrote: "I think he's going to be a huge star. When he is doing his thing, it is hard to take your eyes off him". The Daily Express said "It is David Dawson and some perfectly judged dialogue which brings this drama to light" while The Mirror's Jane Simon called him "absolutely brilliant".

 References 

 External links 

David Dawson on Instagram
David Dawson at IMDb
Dawson's CV at United Agents

Would I Lie to You? (Eurythmics song)
"Would I Lie to You?" is a song written and performed by British pop duo Eurythmics. Released on 9 April 1985 as the lead single from the band's fourth studio album, Be Yourself Tonight (1985), the song was the first by the duo to feature their change in musical direction from a predominantly synthpop style to rock and rhythm and blues. The song, and its accompanying album, featured a full backing band and relied less on electronic programming.
Lyrically, the song features Lennox confronting a cheating lover as she leaves him for good. This was conveyed in the music video for the single, in which actor Steven Bauer played the part of the boyfriend. The video was directed by Mary Lambert and was shown heavily on MTV. The front and back cover photos, and the inner cover art of the Be Yourself Tonight album are screenshots from the music video.
"Would I Lie to You?" is one of Eurythmics' most recognised tunes and continued the band's run of hit singles. In the UK, the song peaked at number 17, while it went to number five on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, becoming their third and last Top 10 hit in the U.S. Furthermore, it is the duo's biggest hit in Australia, where it topped the Kent Music Report for two weeks.

 Composition 
Stewart set out to make a song with a "killer R&B riff". He worked it out one morning while having breakfast with his acoustic guitar on his knee. At first, Annie Lennox was hesitant, as it didn't fit their sound.
Stewart said, "When we started putting it down the song had a lot of energy and inspired Annie to come up with the great lyric, 'Would I Lie To You" and a melody with very odd answering harmonies, 'Now, would I say something that wasn't true.' These harmonies are very unusual and Annie is a genius at working them out very quickly in her head. The song started to be a fusion between Stax type R&B and Eurythmics."

 Reception 
Spin called it, "an onslaught of Kinks-type power chords, Stax horn sections, and frenzied jungle drums with Lennox's vocal riding effortlessly atop this stampede. The strength of the cut is so focused, you fear something's gotta give; glasses gotta shatter." Cash Box said that the "hard rocking early Kinks guitar and a pounding Motown drum beat forms the background for Annie Lennox's R&B lead vocal."

 Track listings 
7-inch

A. "Would I Lie To You?" (7-inch version) – 4:09
B. "Here Comes That Sinking Feeling" (LP version)* – 5:4012-inch

A1. "Would I Lie To You?" (E.T. mix) – 4:59
B1. "Would I Lie To You?" (extended version) – 4:52
B2. "Here Comes That Sinking Feeling" (LP version)* – 5:40* This version, although labelled as "LP version", is an alternate mix of the song released on the album Be Yourself Tonight

 Personnel 
Annie Lennox – vocals
David A. Stewart – guitars, sequencers
Olle Romo – drums
Nathan East – bass guitar
Benmont Tench – organ
Dave Plews – trumpet
Martin Dobson – saxophones

 Charts 

 References 

Elliot Murphy (July 1985). Eurythmics - Be Yourself Tonight (RCA). Spin. p. 30. Retrieved 22 August 2010.

Love On Tour
Love On Tour was the second concert tour by English singer-songwriter Harry Styles, in support of his second and third studio albums, Fine Line (2019) and Harry's House (2022). The tour consisted of seven legs spreading over the course of 22 months starting on 4 September 2021 in Las Vegas, Nevada, and concluded on 22 July 2023 in Reggio Emilia, Italy.
After being postponed twice due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the tour began on 4 September 2021 in Las Vegas, Nevada supporting Fine Line, consisting of 42 announced US dates in total. Styles later began touring internationally in June, promoting Fine Line as well as Harry's House. Love On Tour became one of the first full-capacity indoor arena concert tours to occur in the United States since the pandemic. The first leg grossed a total of $95 million and sold 719,000 tickets from 42 shows performed in North America from September to November 2021. The tour made another $55 million and sold 638,000 tickets from the 23 shows performed in Europe from June to July 2022. In total, Love On Tour grossed $617.3 million and sold five million tickets.

 Background 
On 4 November 2019, Styles announced the release of his second studio album Fine Line, which was released on 13 December 2019; the first single "Lights Up" was released on digital platforms on 11 October. During a radio interview with Capital FM on the singer announced that he would tour the world through 2020. Styles announced the album's support tour, Love On Tour on November 13, exactly a month before the album's release.In March 2020, it was announced that the European leg would be postponed to 2021, amid the  COVID-19 pandemic. In June of the same year, Styles pushed back the North American leg of the tour, including the planned "Harryween" event, to 2021. In July 2021, it was announced that the dates for the US leg had been adjusted and would start in September 2021 instead of August. Depending on the state legislature, the event organizer required proof of COVID-19 vaccination or a negative diagnostic test within 48 hours prior to entry, in addition to wearing a mask, in order to attend Styles' show. On January 19, 2022, Styles announced European and South American tour dates.In October 2021, during the tour, Styles held a two-day Halloween event at New York City's Madison Square Garden arena, called "Harryween Fancy Dress Party", where all concertgoers dressed in costumes, with Styles himself dressed as Dorothy Gale and a Pierrot clown. Many of the concertgoers were photographed on the scene by Vogue. In August 2022, Styles announced additional European dates, to take place from 13 May to 22 July 2023.

 Set list 
This set list is representative of the show on 3 October 2021 in New York City. It does not represent all concerts for the tour.

 Additional notes 
Styles performed "Over the Rainbow" from The Wizard of Oz during the show in New York City on 30 October.
Styles performed "Toxic" by Britney Spears and "Medicine" during the show in New York City on 31 October. * Styles performed Medicine during select dates throughout the tour.
Beginning on the 11 June 2022 show in Glasgow, Styles added "Music for a Sushi Restaurant", "Daylight", "Cinema", "Keep Driving", "Matilda", "Boyfriends", "Satellite", "Late Night Talking", "Love of My Life" and "As It Was" to the set list; he removed "Carolina", "Only Angel", "She", "Two Ghosts", "Falling", "Sunflower Vol. 6", "To Be So Lonely", "Woman" and "Cherry".
Styles performed "Hopelessly Devoted to You" from Grease during the show in Inglewood on 31 October 2022. He did so to honor Olivia Newton-John, who played the role of Sandy Olsson in the film.
On 1 December 2022, Styles performed "Songbird" as a tribute to Christine McVie.
Styles performed "The Horses" by Daryl Braithwaite during the show in Perth on 20 February 2023 and the show in Melbourne on 25 February 2023. Braithwaite joined Styles for a surprise performance during the show in Sydney on 4 March of the same year.
Beginning with the show in Horsens on 13 May 2023, Styles performed "Grapejuice" and "Stockholm Syndrome".
On the final show, 22 July 2023 in Reggio Emilia, Styles performed a 10-minute instrumental piece he had written.

 Tour dates 

 Cancelled shows 

 Personnel 
Personnel adapted via Capital FM.

 Band 
Yaffra – piano, keyboards, percussion
Sarah Jones – drums, backing vocals
Pauli Lovejoy – percussion, backing vocals
Ny Oh – piano, keyboards, rhythm guitar, theremin, backing vocals
Mitch Rowland – lead guitar, backing vocals
Elin Sandberg – bass, backing vocals
Ariza - guitar, keyboard, cello
Madi Diaz - guitar, backing vocals

 Brass section 
Laura Bibbs – trumpet
Lorren Chiodo – saxophone
Paris Fleming – trumpet
Kalia Vandever – trombone

 See also 
List of highest-grossing concert tours
List of most-attended concert tours

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website – Tour

Korean Volunteer Corps
The Korean Volunteer Corps (Korean: 조선의용대), alternatively the Korean Volunteers, Korean Anti-Japanese Volunteer Army, or the International Brigade was a militant Korean independence activist army founded in Hankou, Hubei, Republic of China on October 10, 1938.
It operated under the leadership of General Kim Won-bong as the Korean National Revolutionary Party's military organization. It was classified as an organization under the Korean National Vanguard Alliance.

 Founding 
Before the Sino-Japanese War, independence activists active in mainland China joined the camp of Kim Gu and Kim Won-bong, who had friendly relations with the Kuomintang government, and received economic help from the Kuomintang. The Korean Patriotic Organization, the Korean People's Party, the Heroic Corps, and the Korean National Revolutionary Party tended to be run according to the will of Kim Gu and Kim Won-bong rather than being run by the democratic consensus of all members. Accordingly, Park Geon-woong argued that partial, secret, and intermittent activities should be changed to comprehensive, open, and continuous. Therefore, Park Geon-ung demanded that the Kuomintang government establish a unified policy for the independence of Joseon. Park Geon-woong's Chinese friend Na Cheong also contributed to the 'Joseon National Front' and argued for the need for a Sino-Korean united front, saying that 'equal cooperation' and 'unification guidance' were important. In other words, the Korean people should independently lead the revolution and the Kuomintang government should regard this as a comprehensive union of national units. Just as the communists formed the Eighth Route Army after the national-communist cooperation, the Korean people should also organize an independent unit.Japanese anti-war activist Kazuo Aoyama drew up a plan to organize the Joseon Volunteer Corps, and included Wang Bong- saeng , head of the Institute of International Affairs, Jin Seong, head of the Political Department , Chow En -lae and Jang Yeo-saeng, deputy heads of the Political Department, Kang Taek, second head of the Political Department, Chung -han Ha, secretary-general of the Political Department, and Chairman of the Military Committee. Chiang Kai-shek's consent was obtained. Kazuo Aoyama's draft stated that an independent Korean unit of about 100 people would be created and organized by the Central Executive Committee of the 'Japan, Korea, Taiwan Anti-Fascist Alliance'. That is why the Joseon Volunteer Corps was also called the International Volunteer Army.It was sponsored by the Kuomintang government and its activities were divided into the first and second zones. Kim Won-bong, Choi Chang-ik, Kim Seong-suk, Yu Ja-myeong, etc. participated as political members of the Military Committee. Park Hyo-sam was in charge of the first zone , and Lee Ik- seong was in charge of the second zone. The first zone was created with 42 members, including members of the National Revolutionary Party , and the second zone was created with 74 members centered on the Vanguard Alliance.The highest organization was the leadership committee, which consisted of Lee Chun-am , Kim Seong-suk , Choi Chang-ik , Yoo Ja-myeong , and two members of the political department.

 Organization 
The initial members were Commander-in-Chief Kim Won-bong, Deputy Commander Shin Ak, Political Assistant Kim Hak-mu, Assistant Member Lee Dal, Propaganda Commander Kim Chang-je, and General Affairs Director Lee Jip-jung. There were 200 people, including Lee Hae-myeong, director of affairs, and Han Ji-seong, director of foreign affairs.At the time of its founding, the Joseon Volunteer Corps was organized into the headquarters department, the 1st district unit, and the 2nd district unit. Afterwards, the head office and the 1st district were divided in half and combined to expand and develop into the 1st and 3rd zones, respectively, and the 2nd district was reorganized into the 2nd zone. Initially, the number of troops was only about 200, but by February 1940, it had reached 314. Although the Joseon Volunteer Corps was supposed to be under the command of the Political Department of the Chinese Military Commission, in spirit it was an anti-Japanese unit under the guidance of the Korean National Front Alliance, which was mainly composed of Koreans.At the 30th Cabinet meeting in May of the same year, Kim Won-bong, commander-in-chief of the Volunteer Corps, was inaugurated as the deputy commander of the Liberation Army following the expansion of the position of deputy commander in the Liberation Army, and the Volunteer Corps was incorporated into the 1st zone of the Liberation Army on May 18. With this opportunity, the liberation army was strengthened into three zones. In the 1st Zone of the Liberation Army, Deputy Commander Kim Won-bong served as the zone commander, General Affairs Manager Lee Jip-jung, 1st District Commander Lee So-min, and 3rd District Commander Park Hyo-sam were appointed.The first organization was organized into two divisions. The 1st Division was led by Captain Park Hyo-sam and was active in the Hunan and Jiangxi areas. And the 2nd District was active in the Anhui and Luoyang areas under the command of Lee Ik-bong. The headquarters was initially located at No. 1, Dongling Street, Shudong Gate, Guilin, Guangxi Province, but later moved to Aguanbo, Chongqing City.The Joseon Volunteer Corps planned to send many party members to Manchuria, rally their comrades at Mirsan-hyeon (密山縣) as their headquarters, and disrupt the rear of the Japanese Army. However, if this was judged to be impossible due to security and transportation issues, the troops advanced to the rear of the Chinese Army's 1st unit and were in charge of assisting the Chinese Army for propaganda purposes. In cases where such operations were difficult, active activities were carried out by secretly dispatching sophisticated elements not only to key locations such as Shanghai, Tianjin, and Beijing, but also to various places such as Japan, Joseon, Taiwan, and Manchuria.

 Activities 
The activities of the Korean Volunteer Corps were diverse, including combat, detection of Japanese military government or information collection in occupied areas, interrogation of Japanese prisoners of war and ideological work, propaganda work against the Japanese army, propaganda work against the Chinese army and people, and translation of enemy documents.The Joseon Volunteer Corps was launched not as a combat unit but as an armed political propaganda unit. For China, the Anti-Japanese War was a 'war of justice', a military struggle and resistance against the invaders. China attempted to make up for its military inferiority through moral superiority, and the Joseon Volunteer Corps was established with the mission of propaganda against the Japanese army and against the Chinese.The Joseon Volunteer Corps, which gained the unified support of the Kuomintang government through China's second national-communist collaboration, was established as a support unit of the Kuomintang government army and fought against the Japanese army in mainland China. The members received 20 won in monthly food expenses and 10 won in operating expenses from the Kuomintang government . paid by the Chinese side. Although the Joseon Volunteer Corps took the form of equal cooperation between Korea and China in the larger scheme of things, it was actually under the influence of figures from the Chiang Kai-shek faction of the Kuomintang Party.The Kuomintang government judged them to be left-wing revolutionaries and placed them on the front lines. In February 1939, about 7,000 Korean troops rebelled near Gwangju and killed Japanese officers, and these conscripts joined the volunteer corps.The Volunteer Corps was not a regular combat unit. They carried out guerrilla warfare, and since there were many members who could speak Korean, Chinese, and Japanese, they were in charge of propaganda work, distributing leaflets to the Japanese military and making broadcasts using loudspeakers. This did not change even after they moved to the Eighth Route Army area, and it was not until August 1945 that they were reorganized into a combat unit, and at the end of 1945, they entered Manchuria and expanded into a combat unit.In March 1941, armed forces were deployed to Beijing, Hebei Province, Shimen, Henan Province, Jiangde, Qingdao, Shanghai, and Chongxiang County in Hebei Province. A political operation team was also dispatched.

 Publication of the brochure: Korean Volunteer Corps News 
One of the notable activities of the Korean Volunteer Corps Headquarters was the publication of the brochure 『Korean Volunteer University Newspaper. Joseon Volunteer Corps News』 was first published on January 15, 1939. It is presumed that at first the political group was responsible for publication, and after October 1939, the expanded editorial committee took responsibility. Chinese members of the Joseon Volunteer Corps also played a significant role in its publication. They translated various reports and speeches written by Koreans into Chinese.The purpose of publishing Joseon Volunteer Corps News was to provide a forum for discussion, exchange of experiences, and mutual criticism to develop anti-Japanese activities through the Korea-China alliance. The distribution area of Joseon Volunteer Corps News』 was very wide. It was distributed throughout various theaters and cities, and subscriptions were also possible overseas.The contents of Joseon Volunteer Corps Newspaper were largely divided into three parts. First, it was about the activities of the Joseon Volunteer Corps. Among them, there was a lot of news about the 1st District's frontline activities. Second, many articles by Chinese people encouraging and advising the activities of the Joseon Volunteer Corps were published. Some were transcriptions of speeches given at commemorative rallies, and some were newly submitted by author. It contained articles sympathizing with the situation of the Korean people, articles praising the resistance movement of the Korean people, and articles expressing gratitude for the activities of the Korean people and the Korean Volunteer Corps in supporting the resistance against China. In addition, practical content, such as methods of propaganda against enemies, was also included. Meanwhile, an article related to the route of the Joseon Volunteer Corps was also published. Writers who had an important influence on setting the route included commander Kim Won-bong, political leaders Kim Seong-suk and Kim Hak-mu.The method of struggle revealed in Joseon Volunteer Corps Newspaper had a difference in line between the early and late Guilin period. The initial emphasis was on infiltrating the country and organizing anti-Japanese riots. This has been the long-standing line of Korean leftists in China's jurisdiction since the early days of the Heroic Corps. On the other hand, in the latter half of the period, winning over the Korean people in North China and Northeast China was presented as the most important strategy. This change in route is presumed to reflect the results of the Korean 'captive' operation.
One of the noteworthy aspects of Joseon Volunteer University Newspaper』 is that wood carvings and prints were consistently published. Joseon Volunteer Corps Newspaper contained many woodblock prints by famous Chinese artists. Because woodblock prints had excellent visual effects, they became a major tool in the anti-Japanese movement.

 Division 
However, reorganizations were carried out by the Military Committee of the Chinese National Government, and included Park Hyo-sam, Lee Ik-seong (deputy commander of the 3rd district division), Lee Ji-gang (Secretary of the 2nd district division), and Moon Jeong-il (文正一, 3rd division commander of the 2nd district division) was active in the North China region of the Korean Volunteer Corps. In 1941, communist Choi Chang-ik , who was Kim Won- bong's rival within the volunteer corps, worked with the Chinese Communist Party to prevent Kim Won-bong from coming to North China when the volunteer corps moved to North China, and took control of the volunteer corps in North China by putting forward Kim Moo -jeong, Kim Du-bong , and Han Bin. From this point on, the Joseon Volunteer Corps was freed from the influence of Namuisa. The North China Division of the Joseon Volunteer Corps was expanded and reorganized into the Korean Volunteer Army. They are referred to as the Yan'an faction after the establishment of North Korea.The Korean Liberation Army was founded by the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in September 1940, some people participated and some left, reducing the number to 81 in May 1941. Ultimately, at the 28th Cabinet Meeting of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in April 1942, it was decided to incorporate it into the Liberation Army. When Kim Won-bong, who had lost overall control of the volunteer corps, joined the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in July 1942, part of the volunteer corps was incorporated into the 1st Zone of the Liberation Army, and Kim Won-bong was inaugurated as the head of the military affairs department.

 See also 
Korean Volunteer Army
Korean Liberation Army
List of militant Korean independence activist organizations
Korean Independence Movement

 Bibliography 
『Independence Movement of the Joseon Volunteer Army』 (Yeom In-ho, Nanam, 2001)
『Study on the Korean Liberation Army』 (Han Si-jun, Iljogak, 1997)
『The History of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea』 (Lee Hyeon-hee, Jipmundang, 1982)
『Korea Provisional Government Document』 (Library of the National Assembly, 1974)
『Joseon Independence Movement』II (Kim Jeong-myeong, Wonseobang, 1967)
「Joseon Volunteer Army」 (Yeom In-ho, 『Korean Independence Movement History Dictionary』6, 2004)
『The Secret History of the Movement of the People of Joseon』(坪江汕二, Gunamdang Bookstore, 1982)

 References 

 External links 
Korean Volunteer Corps, 1940 on YouTube – A contemporary film about the group

Haikou
Haikou (; Chinese: 海口; pinyin: Hǎikǒu), formerly Hoikow, is the capital and most populous city of the Chinese province of Hainan. Haikou city is situated on the northern coast of Hainan, by the mouth of the Nandu River. The northern part of the city is on the Haidian Island, which is separated from the main part of Haikou by the Haidian River, a branch of the Nandu. Administratively, Haikou is a prefecture-level city, comprising four districts, and covering 2,280 square kilometres (880 sq mi). There are 2,046,189 inhabitants in the built-up area, all living within the four urban districts of the city.Haikou was originally a port city, serving as the port for Qiongshan. During the Chinese Civil War, Haikou was one of the last Nationalist strongholds to be taken by the Communists — with the Battle of Hainan Island in 1950. Currently, more than half of the island's total trade still goes through Haikou's ports. The Temple of the Five Lords is located to the southeast of the city.
The city is home to Hainan University, a comprehensive research university under the Project 211 and the Double First Class University Plan in certain disciplines, which has its main campus on Haidian Island.

 History 
The hanzi characters comprising the city's name, 海口, mean ocean/sea and mouth/port, respectively.  Thus, the name "Haikou" is also a word for "seaport" – similar to Portsmouth in Britain. Haikou originally served as the port for Qiongshan, the ancient administrative capital of Hainan island, located some 5 km (3.1 mi) inland to the south east. During its early history Haikou was a part of Guangdong province. In the 13th century it was fortified and became a military post under the Ming dynasty (1368–1644). The port is located west of the mouth of the Nandu River, Hainan's principal river. When Qiongshan was opened to foreign trade under the Treaty of Tianjin in 1858, Haikou started to rival the old administrative city. It was formerly known internationally as 'Hoihow', based on the Cantonese pronunciation by the British Raj officers. In 1926, Haikou overtook Qiongshan in population and it was declared a separate administrative city.
The city and island of Hainan stayed under the control of the Nationalists until April 1950, when it fell to the Communists during the Landing Operation on Hainan Island.
Since 1949, Haikou has maintained its position as Hainan's main port, handling more than half of the island's total trade. It has replaced Qiongshan as the island's administrative capital. In 1988, Haikou was made a prefecture-level city as well as the capital of the newly created Hainan Province.
Haikou old town contains a small portion of the oldest buildings in Haikou city that returnees from overseas built. The houses are a mixture of styles including Portuguese, French, and Southeast Asian. The streets used to be divided into different areas selling Chinese and western medicine, for silk and bespoke clothes, one for fresh fish and meat, and others for the sale of incense, candles, paper, ink, and other goods.
Various projects are currently under discussion to decide the best way to restore and preserve these historical buildings.

 Geography 
Haikou is situated on the north coast of Hainan Island, by Haikou Bay, facing the Leizhou Peninsula across the Qiongzhou Strait that stretches west from Beibu Bay near Vietnam to the James Shoal bordering the South China Sea to the west. Most of the city is almost completely flat and only a few metres above sea level. It has an area of 2,304.84 km2 (889.90 sq mi). The Meishe River winds through the east side of the city flowing northward to the Haidian River.
The northern part of Haikou City, the district of Haidian Island, is separated from the main part of Haikou by the Haidian River, a tributary of the Nandu River. The district is accessed by one of four bridges, the largest being Haikou Century Bridge, which connects the Guomao district with Haidian Island at the estuary of the Haidian River. From east to west the remaining three road connections are provided by the Renmin, Heping and Xinbu Bridges.
Directly to the northeast of Haikou and to the east of Haidian Island is Xinbu Island.

 Climate 

Haikou is on the northern of the tropical zone, and is part of the Intertropical Convergence Zone. April to October is the active period for tropical storms and typhoons, most of which occur between August and September. May to October is the rainy season with the heaviest rainfall occurring in September. The city has a tropical wet and dry climate (Köppen Aw) 

 Environment 
As of 2018, Haikou has the second best air quality among major cities nationally, preceded only by Lhasa, Tibet.  However, since approximately 2009, due to an increase in the number of automobiles, there has been somewhat worsening air pollution.
According to the 2005 statistical book issued by the National Bureau of Statistics, Haikou scored the highest among China's main cities in air quality, with 366 days (2004) of ambient air quality equal to or above grade II, with only 0.033 milligrams/m2 of particulate matter (the least of all main cities), 0.003 milligrams/m2 of sulphur dioxide (only Lhasa had less), and 0.013 milligrams/m2 of nitrogen dioxide (the least of all main cities).In 1995, the Haikou city government began an initiative to improve the quality of life for its residents. With the approval of the World Health Organization, and Ministry of Health, a ten-point plan was undertaken to address such issues as:

Community health care
Vaccinations for children
Waste recycling
Green belts and urban trees
Environmentally friendly construction
Public toilets (These are available throughout the city, are staffed, and well maintained.)
Sewage treatment
Communications
Noise pollutionThe groundwater is of international standard, and is classified as mineral water.
By 2004, the city had established 43 new community health service centers reaching 85 percent of the population. The initiative has increased the size of Haikou's green spaces to 2,000 hectares, with trees lining 40 percent of its roads. Noise pollution has dropped from 61.1db to 58.2db and 300 public toilets have been built. All industrial effluents, industrial waste water and solid waste, and all live sewage, is now processed through centralized treatment centers, and is disposed of without environmental impact. These improvements and others have increased life expectancy in Haikou to 78.26 years.Haikou city has also built 163 model ecological villages. Now, over 200,000 villagers in 933 villages have tap water in their homes.

 Comprehensive city-improvement campaign 
During 2015 and 2016, large-scale city improvements have taken place as part of a province-wide initiative called "double create" (双创). It is described by government sources as a campaign to create a cleaner city and create a more civilized city. It is focused on traffic and commerce, but has also improved the overall appearance of the city, tackling air pollution from industry emissions, aiming to ensure the safety of drinking water sources, improving public security in such places as hospitals, schools, malls, and visitor attractions. Details of these improvements include:

Traffic: Many new street crossings with traffic lights were installed around the city to improve two-wheel vehicles (consisting mainly of electric motorbikes) and pedestrian travel. Throughout the city, teams of police have been stationed at major intersections to ensure that two-wheel vehicles obey the law. Although there are many side lanes for these bikes, the actual pedestrian sidewalks serve as legal, one-way routes. Police at intersections stop vehicles either going the wrong way, or running red lights and the offenders may be forced to wear a red sash, stop other offenders, and lecture them.
Commerce: Around August 2015, teams of officers physically removed nearly all illegal structures used for business in the city (a province-wide campaign) which were commonly made of corrugated metal or cinderblocks and were shop extensions or simply unused space that had been built upon. Street vendors were banned (most of whom sold vegetables or fruit), as was the night operation of roadside BBQ sites and the placement of tables onto the sidewalks by restaurants. These night time food operations were once common throughout the city.
Roads and sidewalks: Many small roads have been repaved including narrow lanes in old neighbourhoods. Also, many sidewalks have been upgraded with new brick. Bricks are used as sidewalk material in Haikou because of the large amount of ficus trees, the roots of which deform the surrounding sidewalk.
Demolition and reconstruction: A number of entire neighbourhoods within the city have been, and are being, entirely demolished with new buildings and roads being built.
Starting around the beginning of 2018, the city government funded painting and cladding of a number of buildings in the city centre.

 Water and sewage treatment 
The treatment of Haikou's wastewater, and the supply of tap water is operated by the French company Veolia Water. The partial privatization agreement gives 49 percent ownership to Veolia Water in a 30-year joint venture with Haikou Water Group (2012–2042).

 Demographics 
According to the 2010 Census, the prefecture-level city of Haikou has a registered population of 2,046,189 inhabitants, 537,848 more than the population declared on the past census in 2000. The average annual population growth during the period 2000–2010 was of 3.1 percent. 
Most of the population of Haikou are Han Chinese (around 97.75 percent, according to the 2010 Census).

 Subdivisions 

 Districts 
Haikou is divided in four districts. The information presented here uses 2010 Census data.

 Neighbourhoods 
There are several distinct neighborhoods within the city, including:

 Guomao 
Guomao is a relatively affluent area located on the coast between Longquan Road to the east running west for more than one kilometre. The west part of this area has experienced substantial development since about 2007, and now contains dozens of newly built high-rise residential apartment buildings.

 Bo'ai Road 

This historical area is located on the south side of the Haidian River, at the northern part of mainland Haikou. Much of the area comprises arcade style, dilapidated buildings with European fusion-type architectural facades with Indian and Arabic influences. The buildings are almost all painted white, and are usually no more than a few storeys tall. The eastern part of the area is mainly residential. The western part contains hubs for such items as exotic foods, pets, and fabrics. The building facades and roads have been restored in most of the area, Zhongshan Road being the most notable.

 Hainan University area 
Located on Haidian Island, this area comprises the entire portion of the island west of its main north–south road, Renmin Dadao. It appears similar to a typical student ghetto, containing many small, inexpensive food stands and restaurants.

 Haikou West Coast 
A new neighbourhood is under development in Xiuying District around seven km west of downtown Haikou. Located within the neighbourhood are Hainan International Convention And Exhibition Center and Wuyuan River Stadium. Also, a number of government offices have moved there and numerous residential apartment complexes are being built.

 Parks and recreational areas 

Evergreen Park is a 71.3 hectare park located on Binhai Road about 200 m west of the southern foot of Haikou Century Bridge. It is the largest park in Haikou, containing approximately ten thousand coconut trees and several hundred species of South Asian ornamental plants, however, most of the park consists of grassy fields.
Baishamen Park (White Sand Gate Park) was created in 2010 and is located on the north shore of Haidian Island. The park contains a small amusement park, and consists mostly of grass fields, with little tree cover.
Changying Global 100 Fantasty Park is an under-construction amusement park around 12 km west of downtown Haikou.
Golden Bull Mountain Ridge Park (Jinniuling Park) includes a small zoo, a lake, diverse flora, and a high percentage of forest areas, including a large bamboo forest. It is located on Haixiu Road, west of Longquan Road, the main north–south avenue in Haikou.
Binhai Park is located east of Evergreen Park. There is a bougainvillea hybrid exhibition held each year. This park has a small lake and building used for community purposes in the middle.
Haikou People's Park is a recently refurbished park located in the downtown area on Haixiu Road next to East Lake. The park draws large numbers of people each morning who engage in exercises, predominantly tai chi, fitness dancing, and aerobics.
Hainan International Friendship Park is planned to occupy 180,000 square metres (1,900,000 sq ft) of land, with a length of over 2,000 metres (6,600 ft).
Hongcheng Lake (红城湖) is one of the largest water bodies in the city being around equal in size to the lake at Golden Bull Mountain Ridge Park. It has three islands, the largest of which contains a defunct hotel. The lake is a popular location for fishermen. At night, hawker stalls are set up along the roadsides for tourists and locals to drink and dine.
Holiday Beach is a 7 kilometres (4.3 miles)-long beach and visitor attraction adjacent to the west side of Haikou.
Dongzhai Port Nature Reserve lies some 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south east of Haikou and was the first protected mangrove forest zone in China.
Meishe River National Wetland Park, an eco-park located on the Meishe River

 Other notable locations 
Zhongjie Road (忠介路), a shopping street with a long history
Jiefang East Road, a busy shopping street located west of the Bo'ai Road area
Guoxing Avenue, a main east–west street with many notable buildings
The Haikou Tower is an under-construction supertall skyscraper. Located on Guoxing Avenue at Haifu Road, it will be 94-storeys, and is scheduled for completion between 2020 and 2023.

 Economy 
The GDP per capita was US$3,573 in 2008, ranked number 43 among 659 Chinese cities. In 2011, the city's GDP reached 71.3 billion yuan, amounting to about 30 percent of the province's total.Haikou exports substantial quantities of agricultural produce and livestock. There is a small amount of industry, including canning, textiles, rice hulling, and light engineering.
The "International Tourism and Central Business District" is under construction on the west part of Guoxing Avenue. The road was once only home to government buildings. Starting around 2011, HNA and other groups began erecting office buildings. Also located at the western end of Guoxing is the HNA Building, the headquarters of Hainan Airlines.Near the southern end of Haikou, automotive manufacturer Haima Automobile has its global headquarters.
The Haikou Free Trade Zone (Haikou FTZ) (海口保税区) is a state-level, 1.93 km2 area located between Nanhai Road and Yehai Road. It was approved on October 21, 1992, by the State Council.

 Education 

Several major educational institutions are located in Haikou:

Hainan University has its main campus on Haikou's Haidian Island, with the South China Tropical Agricultural University, now part of the university, located in the southern part of the city.
Hainan Normal University is the oldest institution for higher learning, with a new campus in Guilinyang. It has an enrolment of more than 20,000, including approximately 200 foreigner students.
Hainan Medical College, founded in 1993, offers degrees in medicine. It is located in the southern part of the city.
Qiongtai Normal University is located in Qiongshan District, with a new campus in Guilinyang.
Haikou College of Economics, located by Guoxing Avenue, with a new campus in Guilinyang.
Chinese Academy of Tropical Agricultural Sciences is located across the road from Hainan Medical College.
Hainan Middle School

 Transportation 

 Urban 
Haikou has an extensive urban bus service. Standard fare is 1 yuan, with no bus pass, ticket, or transfer system in place. Urban minibuses operated prior to 2009, but have since been phased-out. Taxi automobiles and electric motorbikes operate throughout the city. During 2009–2010, petrol-fueled motorbike taxis were banned and seized by police at numerous checkpoints within the city.
Haikou has experienced a substantial increase in cars since the early 2000s. Traffic on main streets, once light, is now similar to other major cities, with rush hour problems that have prompted the city to expand several main roads and build a new elevated road from the west end of Guoxing Avenue to new developments west of Holiday Beach.
Many main roads in the city have a side lane, separated by a median, for two-wheeled vehicles.
Physical barriers were installed on many of the main two-way streets throughout the city in order to separate opposing lanes. These were installed for safety reasons to prevent pedestrians from crossing the streets at locations other than intersections.
Roundabouts are not prevalent in Haikou, being used mainly on Hai Xiu road, and a few other locations.
Traffic cameras are used at many main intersections in the city, with tickets being issued by post for traffic light infractions.
There is one tunnel in the city, the Qiaozhong Road Tunnel.

 Shared bicycles 
The Haikou Public Bicycle System has about 20,000 bicycles. A pre-paid swipe card system is used to gain access to them. Starting on January 24, 2017, privately run app-based "dockless" shared bikes came into service. By April, there were about 40,000 of these types of bikes available. Ofo, Mobike, and "Quick to" all cost 2 RMB per hour. Ofo and "Quick to" bikes have tires with tubes, meaning many are left around the city with flat tires. The Haikou Public Bicycle System has installed a number of new, more modern bikes with tires that cannot be punctured. Part of Mobike's fleet also uses these types of tires.

 Air 
Haikou is served by Haikou Meilan International Airport (IATA: HAK, ICAO: ZJHK[1]), which is located 25 km (16 mi) from the city.
In January 2011, Haikou was selected to be the first test site for an experiment allowing private helicopter flight in China.

 Rail 
A railway links Haikou to the mainland. A ferry service transports the railway cars, along with other motor vehicles across the strait.
The Hainan East Ring Railway links Haikou and Sanya. There are 15 stations in between, either in operation or still under construction. Trains are designed to travel at 250 km/h (155 mph). Travel time from Haikou to Sanya is approximately 1 hour and 22 minutes. The main station in Haikou is Haikou East railway station located near the southern end of Long Quan Road. In 2018, the Haikou South Station, the main bus station, relocated and is now directly to the south east of the Haikou East Railway Station.
In 2015, the Hainan western ring high-speed railway started operation. This second high-speed railway runs along the west coast of Hainan connecting with the Hainan Eastern Ring Railway.
Starting July 1, 2019, the Haikou Suburban Trains began operation. Up to 7 CRH6F-A (CRH6F with only 4 carriages) trains with specially-designed liveries will operate between Haikou station and Meilan station. The longest distance it will travel one-way is around 38 kilometers with 4 stations in between.

 Road 
Three main highways connect Haikou to other parts of Hainan, running east, west, and south through the middle of the province. The Haiwen expressway connects the city with Wenchang to the southeast. The main bus station is Haikou Transportation Center, located beside Haikou East railway station.

 Seaports 
Haikou has four seaports for passenger and cargo service. Haikou New Port, formerly known as the Inner Harbour, is located on the southern side of the mouth of the Haidian River. Approximately  7 km (4 mi) west of Haikou New Port is Haikou Xiuying Port. This port is considerably larger, and is the main distribution centre for cargo entering Hainan. It is also a major port for immigration onto Hainan Island. Around 20 km (12 mi) west of downtown Haikou are South Port and Haikou Port New Seaport.

 Arts and culture 
Several large public buildings now occupy Guoxing Avenue, the new area for arts and culture. These include 
the Hainan Provincial Museum, the Hainan Provincial Library, and the Hainan Centre for the Performing Arts. These are all located near to one another on the south side of the road, west of Haikou College of Economics, Haikou campus.
At the west side of Evergreen Park is the Haikou Great Hall of the People, a concert hall, and Hainan Exhibition & Convention Center, a large centre for trade shows and other commercial events. Haikou City Stadium, is the main venue for sports events, and is located at the southeast corner of Evergreen Park.

The Wuyuan River Stadium opened in April 2018. It is located west of downtown Haikou, near the newly built Haikou West Coast. With a capacity of over 40,000, it is the largest stadium in the province.
Older cultural sites include the now-restored buildings of the Bo'ai Road area, the tomb of Hai Rui, Xiuying Fort in the Guomao area, the Temple of the Five Lords, the cemetery for the martyrs of Hainan's Battle of the Liberation, and the former temple Haikou Yazhou Gu Cheng.

 Nightlife 
Bars and KTV are patronized until after midnight. There are several popular bar streets within the city. Up until 2015, roadside BBQ sites were common throughout the city. A large-scale campaign to clean up the city has since prohibited them.

 Tourism 
Also known as the "Coconut city", Haikou is an important tourist destination for China. The city received 4.11 million tourists in 2002, up 7.99 percent from 2001. In 2019, the number of tourists in Haikou has exceeded 83.11 million. The city earned approximately three billion yuan (361 million US dollars) from the tourism industry during that period, up 11 percent from the previous year.Haikou is also developing its Meetings, Incentives, Conferencing, Exhibitions industry. The local government set up the Haikou Convention and Exhibition Bureau in June 2012 and pledged RMB35 million (US$5.6 million) to support the development of the MICE industry. More international hotel chains are also arriving. By 2013, international brands included Shangri-La, Westin (opening September 2013), and Sheraton.
In 2016, the China Merchants holdings group unveiled its plans to develop Shenzhen, Haikou and Sanya as the three destination ports that its South China Sea passenger cruises would serve. Subsequently, a large passenger cruise terminal was inaugurated in Shenzhen in October 2016.

 Sister cities 
Haikou has international relationships with these places:

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
List of twin towns and sister cities in China

 References 

 External links 

Haikou Government Archived 2013-12-27 at the Wayback Machine
Haikou Government (in Chinese)
Detailed information about Haikou
Haikou Free Trade Zone
Haikou Free Trade Zone map
Map of Haikou Free Trade Zone
Real-time air quality index

Lady Henrietta Hope
Lady Henrietta Hope (1750 – 1 January 1786) was a British benefactor from Scotland. She was a lifelong friend of chapel builder Willielma Campbell and Hope Chapel in Bristol is named after her.

 Life 
Hope was born in Scotland. Her parents were Lady Anne (born Ogilvy) and John Hope. Her father was the second earl of Hopetoun. Her mother died when she was a child in 1759. She was from a family of eighteen children although nine of them were half-siblings.It is said that she decided to become a devoted Christian during a rough crossing from Dover to Calais. 
She met Willielma Campbell in 1772 and they became good friends. In 1780 they visited London and they met Selina, Countess of Huntingdon.Campbell spent her time building chapels. She bought a house in Matlock where she and Lady Hope moved to. It became a chapel in 1786. In 1784 they had visited the spa of Hotwells near Bristol where they decided to build a chapel. Hope died in Bristol on 1 January 1786, leaving £2,500 towards a chapel that Campbell agreed to complete. Campbell also died in 1786 so it was Campbell's executor, Lady Maxwell, who completed Hope Chapel that was named for her friend. It was located on Granby Hill in Bristol and it was opened in August 1788.

 References 

Juliana Osborne, Duchess of Leeds
Juliana Colyear, Countess of Portmore (née Hele, formerly Juliana Osborne, Duchess of Leeds) (c. 1706 – 20 November 1794) was an English noblewoman. She was the third wife of Peregrine Osborne, 3rd Duke of Leeds, and later the wife of Charles Colyear, 2nd Earl of Portmore, and mother of the 3rd Earl.

 Early life 
Juliana was baptised on 1 May 1706 at South Pool, Devon. She was the daughter and heiress of Roger Hele, of Newton Ferrers in Devonshire, and his wife, the former Juliana Prestwood. After his father's death, his mother married Sir Thomas Putt, 2nd Baronet.Her paternal grandparents were the former Joan Glanville (eldest daughter of Sir John Glanville) and Sampson Hele, MP for Plympton Erle and Tavistock.

 Personal life 
On 9 April 1725 she married Peregrine Osborne, styled Marquess of Carmarthen, the future duke at St Anne's Church, Soho. He was the second son, but eldest surviving, of Peregrine Osborne, 2nd Duke of Leeds, and the former Bridget Hyde. Osborne's second wife, the former Lady Anne Seymour (a daughter of Charles Seymour, 6th Duke of Somerset), had died in 1722. There were no children from her marriage to the duke, who already had a son and heir from his first marriage, to Lady Elizabeth Harley (a daughter of Robert Harley, 1st Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer). He inherited the dukedom from his father in 1729.The duchess was one of the signatories to Thomas Coram's petition to establish the Foundling Hospital, which she signed on 24 June 1730. On the duke's early death in 1731, he was succeeded by Juliana's stepson, Thomas.

 Second marriage 
Juliana married Charles Colyear, 2nd Earl of Portmore, on 7 October 1732. The earl, a sporting associate of her first husband, was the son of David Colyear, 1st Earl of Portmore and his wife Catherine Sedley, Countess of Dorchester, daughter of Sir Charles Sedley, 5th Baronet and former mistress of King James II. After her second marriage, Juliana continued to call herself Duchess of Leeds. Their children were:

Lady Caroline Colyear (c. 1733–1812), who married Nathaniel Curzon, 1st Baron Scarsdale, and had children
Lady Juliana Colyear (c. 1735–1821), who married Henry Dawkins in 1759, and had children
David Colyear, Viscount Milsington (1736–1756), who died unmarried while serving in the Coldstream Guards
William Charles Colyear, 3rd Earl of Portmore (c. 1745–1823), who married Lady Mary Leslie and had childrenLord Portmore died on 5 July 1785. She died on 20 November 1794 at the age of 88 at Stratford Place, Marylebone.

 References 

John Howard (prison reformer)
John Howard FRS (2 September 1726 – 20 January 1790) was a philanthropist and early English prison reformer.

 Birth and early life 
Howard was born in North London, either in Hackney or Enfield. His father, also John, was a wealthy upholsterer at Smithfield Market in the city. His mother Ann Pettitt, or Cholmley, died when he was five years old, and, described as a "sickly child", he was sent to live at Cardington, Bedfordshire, some fifty miles from London, where his father owned property. His father, a strict disciplinarian with strong religious beliefs, sent the young John to a school in Hertford run by John Worsley. He went on from there to a dissenting academy run in London by John Eames.After school, John was apprenticed to a wholesale grocer to learn business methods, but he was unhappy. When his father died in 1742, he was left with a sizeable inheritance but no true vocation, a Calvinist faith and a quiet, serious disposition.

 Early travels 
In 1748, Howard left England for a grand tour of the continent. On his return, he lived in lodgings in Stoke Newington, where he again became seriously ill. He was nursed back to health by his landlady, Sarah Loidore, whom he then married despite her being 30 years older than he was. She died within three years.
Howard then set out for Portugal following the 1755 Lisbon earthquake, travelling on the Hanover, which was captured by French privateers. He was imprisoned in Brest for six days before being transferred to another prison on the French coast. He was later exchanged for a French officer held by the British, and went to the Commissioners of Sick and Wounded Seamen in London to seek help on behalf of his fellow captives. It is widely believed that this personal experience generated Howard's interest in prisons.

 At Cardington 
Having returned from France, he settled again at Cardington, Bedfordshire to live on a 200-acre (0.81 km2) estate which was formerly two farms, the larger of which he had inherited from his grandparents. His grandmother, Martha Howard, was a relation of the Whitbread family, and he became a neighbour and close friend of his cousin, Samuel Whitbread. He spent the next two years building properties and trying to improve the lives of the tenants living on his land. Later, a survey of Cardington in 1782 found that he was paying for the teaching of 23 children. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in May 1756.

 Prison visitor 
John Howard was appointed High Sheriff of Bedfordshire in 1773,: 9  initially for a one-year period. Rather than delegating his duties to the under-sheriff as was customary, Howard inspected the county prison himself. He was shocked by what he found, and spurred into action to inspect prisons throughout England. Of particular concern to Howard were those prisoners who were held because they could not pay the jailer's fee – an amount paid to the owner or keeper of the prison for upkeep. He took this issue to parliament, and in 1774 was called to give evidence on prison conditions to a House of Commons select committee. Unusually, Howard was called to the bar of the House of Commons and publicly thanked for his "humanity and zeal".
Having visited several hundred prisons across England, Scotland, Wales and wider Europe, Howard published the first edition of The State of the Prisons in 1777. It included very detailed accounts of the prisons he had visited, including plans and maps, together with detailed instructions on the necessary improvements, especially regarding hygiene and cleanliness, the lack of which was causing many deaths.: 10  It is this work that has been credited as establishing the practice of single-celling in the United Kingdom and, by extension, in the United States. Howard's views on keeping prisoners in isolation were later unavailingly opposed by Elizabeth Fry, who believed in the value of association. The following account, of the Bridewell at Abingdon, Oxfordshire, is typical:

Two dirty day-rooms; and three offensive night-rooms: That for men eight feet square: one of the women's, nine by eight; the other four and a half feet square: the straw, worn to dust, swarmed with vermin: no court: no water accessible to prisoners. The petty offenders were in irons: at my last visit, eight were women.
Howard viewed his work as humanitarian. Terry Carlson, in his 1990 biographical tract on Howard, remarks:

Howard's detailed proposals for improvements were designed to enhance the physical and mental health of the prisoners and the security and order of the prison. His recommendations pertaining to such matters as the prison location, plan and furnishings, the provision of adequate water supply, and prisoner's diet promoted hygiene and physical health. Recommendations concerning the quality of prison personnel, rules related to the maintenance of standards of health and order and an independent system of inspection, reflect the need for prison personnel to set a moral example.
In April 1777, Howard's sister died, leaving him £15,000 and her house. He used this inheritance and the revenue from the sale of her house to further his work on prisons. In 1778, he was again examined by the House of Commons, who were this time inquiring into "hulks", or prison ships. Two days after giving evidence, he was again travelling Europe, beginning in the Dutch Republic.
By 1784, Howard calculated that he had travelled over 42,000 miles (68,000 km) visiting prisons. He had been awarded an honorary LLD by the University of Dublin and had been given the Freedom of the City of London. His fourth and final tour of English prisons began in March 1787 and two years later he published The State of the Prisons in England, and An Account of the Principal Lazarettos of Europe.

 Death 
Howard's final journey took him into Eastern Europe, and to Crimea. Whilst at Kherson, he contracted typhus on a prison visit, and died, aged 63. He was buried in a walled field at Dophinovka (Stepanovka), 6 versts (6.4 km; 4.0 mi) to the north. Despite his request for a quiet funeral, the event was elaborate and attended by Emanuel Giani Ruset, the Prince of Moldavia, Nikolay Mordvinov, and Admiral John Priestman in the Russian service.When news of his death reached England in February 1790, a commemorative series of John Howard halfpenny Conder Tokens were struck, including one that circulated in Bath, on the reverse showing "Go forth" and "Remember the Debtors in Gaol".John Howard was considered eccentric by many of his contemporaries. It has been advanced by psychiatrist Philip Lucas and by mathematician Ioan Mackenzie James that Howard might have had Asperger's Syndrome.

 Family 
In 1758, Howard married as his second wife Henrietta Leeds, daughter of Edward Leeds (died 1758), a barrister. She died in 1765, a week after giving birth to a son, also named John, who was sent to boarding school at a very young age. The younger John was sent down from Cambridge for homosexual offences, was judged insane at the age of 21, and died in 1799 having spent thirteen years in an asylum.

 Awards and honours 
Howard became the first civilian to be honoured with a statue in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. A statue was also erected in Bedford, and a further one in a John Haviland-designed monument in Kherson. His bust features in the architecture of a number of Victorian prisons across the UK, such as at Shrewsbury. He was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1790.

 Legacy 

 Organisations 
Almost eighty years after his death, the Howard Association was formed in London, with the aim of "promotion of the most efficient means of penal treatment and crime prevention" and to promote "a reformatory and radically preventive treatment of offenders". In its first annual report in 1867, the Association stated that its efforts had been focused on "the promotion of reformatory and remunerative prison labour, and the abolition of capital punishment." The Association merged with the Penal Reform League in 1921 to become the Howard League for Penal Reform. Today, the Howard League is Britain's biggest penal reform organisation.
John Howard's name was adopted by non-profit organizations in Canada which call themselves the John Howard Society of their given geographic area and each society seeks to develop effective, just and humane responses to crime and its consequences. There are currently over 60 John Howard societies spread across every province of Canada and the Northwest Territories.
The Howard Association, a benevolent organisation founded in 1855 in Norfolk, Virginia, United States, was also named after him. There is also a Howard League for Penal Reform in New Zealand. The John Howard Association of Illinois, formed in 1901, independently monitors correctional facilities, policies and practices, and advances reforms needed to achieve a fair, humane and effective criminal justice system in Illinois.
Samford University, located in the US state of Alabama, was founded by Baptists as Howard College in 1841. Samford's Howard College of Arts and Sciences remains part of the university.

 Other 
A statue to Howard is in St Paul's Cathedral, the first to a civilian, and a large bronze statue at Bedford was erected in 1890, the centenary of his death.
A terracotta bust of John Howard is incorporated in the gatehouse of HM Prison Wormwood Scrubs, and another bust over the entrance to Shrewsbury Prison.
The John Howard Pavilion at St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington, D.C., is the Forensic Psychiatric Hospital for the District of Columbia. Its most notorious inmate was John Hinckley, Jr., failed assassin of then US president Ronald Wilson Reagan in 1981.
The John Howard School in Clapton, London (now Clapton Girls' Academy), was named after him.

 Vegetarianism 
Howard was a teetotaller and vegetarian. He became a vegetarian many years before his death. He once commented that in his London house there were "not a dozen joints of meat in seven years." He lived on a diet of milk, fruit, vegetables, butter, tea and water. As a strict vegetarian Howard had distaste for the luxuries of life. He was fond of tea and carried a kettle on his travels.Whilst visiting Sweden, Howard found that living on a vegetarian diet was very difficult. This was because few vegetables were eaten in the winter months, and they were almost impossible to obtain. His diet was limited to coarse bread. He attributed his immunity from gaol fever found in filthy prisons that he had visited to his vegetarian diet.

 See also 
Morrin Centre
Penitentiary Act
Sir Robert Peel

 Notes 

 References 
John Howard – by the Howard League for Penal Reform

 Further reading 
Philip Lucas, "John Howard and Asperger's Syndrome: Psychopathology and philanthropy" in: History of Psychiatry 12(45) March 2001, pp. 73–101.
Farrar, Mrs. John. John Howard, (1833)
Aikin, John. A view of the life, travels, and philanthropic labors of the late John Howard, (1794). From the Digital Collections of the National Library of Medicine
Peter Bayne, 1890, Men Worthy to Lead; Being Lives of John Howard, William Wilberforce, Thomas Chalmers, Thomas Arnold, Samuel Budgett, John Foster, London: Simpkin, Marshall, Hamilton, Kent & Co. Ltd, Reprinted: Bibliolife, ISBN 1-152-41551-4.

 External links 

Howard League for Penal Reform (England & Wales)
Howard League for Penal Reform (Scotland)
Howard League for Penal Reform (New Zealand)
John Howard Society of Canada
The Ethics of Diet: John Howard
An account of the principal lazarettos in Europe, of 1789, in the National Library of Portugal

Lady Elizabeth Hastings
Lady Elizabeth Hastings (19 April 1682 – 21 December 1739), also known as Lady Betty, was an English philanthropist, religious devotee and supporter of women's education. She was an intelligent and energetic woman, with a wide circle of connections, including artists, writers and designers, an astute business investor and proponent of innovative farming techniques.
She refused several marriage offers and on her death in 1739, her nephew Francis inherited her estate at Ledston. The rest of her property was used to endow various educational trusts, which still provide funds for scholarships at The Queen's College, Oxford, and the 'Lady Elizabeth Hastings Charities'. In addition, a number of primary schools in West Yorkshire bear her name.

 Biography 
Elizabeth was born in April 1682, to Theophilus Hastings, 7th Earl of Huntingdon (1650–1701) and his first wife Elizabeth Lewis, co-heiress of Sir John Lewis, a wealthy merchant who owned Ledston Hall,  in West Yorkshire. Of nine children from this marriage, only Elizabeth and her brother George, later 8th Earl of Huntingdon (1677–1705) survived into adulthood.Two years after Elizabeth Lewis died in 1688, Huntingdon married Mary Fowler (1664–1723), the wealthy widow of Thomas Needham, 6th Viscount Kilmorey (1659–1687). They had two sons and four daughters; Ann (1691–1755), Catherine (1692–1739), Frances (1693–1750), Theophilus, 9th Earl of Huntingdon (1696–1746), Margaret (1699–1768) and Ferdinando (1699–1726).Her father quarrelled with George over the Ledston estate, leading to a legal dispute only resolved in 1703, two years after his death in May 1701. Once this was settled, Elizabeth received Ledston Hall and £3,000 per year; when George died suddenly in February 1705, she also inherited his share of their grandfather's estate. An attractive, young and extremely wealthy lady of reputed wit and warmth, she received several marriage proposals but her correspondence indicates remaining single was a conscious choice.George's titles passed to his half-brother Theophilus; Elizabeth paid for his memorial in St James' Church, Piccadilly, which can still be found in the east gallery, south side. He left an illegitimate son named Henry, who was brought up by Elizabeth and is thought to be the Henry Hastings who was treasurer of the Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge from 1745 to 1747.She supervised the education of her siblings and her four half-sisters lived at Ledston Park for many years. In 1726, she arranged Theophilus's marriage to Selina Hastings (1707–1791), a key figure in the early Methodist movement and founder of the evangelical sect known as the Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion.

 Career 
Her father was closely associated with James II, who lost many supporters when his religious policies seemed to go beyond tolerance for Catholicism and become an assault on the Church of England. As one of the few to support these policies until the very end, Huntingdon's reputation suffered from being seen as an active persecutor of his own church. Late in life, Elizabeth recorded memories of attending her mother's deathbed in London in December 1688, with widespread panic and rioting in the streets outside over fears of a Catholic invasion.Exclusion from political life meant women like Elizabeth often found an outlet in religion and education, viewed as fitting their 'role' as nurturers and providers of moral guidance. She adopted her father's High Church, Tory beliefs, although she was not a supporter of the exiled Stuarts. Many of her clerical contacts were Nonjurors, those who refused to swear allegiance to William III after the 1688 Glorious Revolution; the vast majority simply felt bound by their oath to James and the issue went away when he died in 1701.They included Joseph Smith, who became Provost of The Queen's College, Oxford and later persuaded her to fund scholarships at the college. Smith was part of a network that combined Tory, High Church beliefs with support for the post-1688 settlement, and was well-known for converting Catholic members of the English aristocracy to Anglicanism. In 1715, he advised Elizabeth to take the Oath of Abjuration, denying the right of James Francis Edward Stuart to the throne. He also provided guidance when she became interested in Methodism; originally a reformist movement within the Church of England, its later conflation with Jacobitism derived from its rejection of existing structures, rather than support for the Stuarts. Her friend and distant relative Catherine Stanhope married William Wogan (1678-1758), an evangelical on close terms with Methodist leaders John Wesley and George Whitefield. When Catherine died in 1726, her seven year old daughter went to live at Ledston Hall.
Although women were not officially permitted to become members, she was closely connected to the Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge; this brought her into contact with wealthy philanthropist and Non-Juror Robert Nelson (1656–1715), whose works were apparently read as homilies at Ledston. Together with Lady Catherine Jones, in 1709 she funded a girls' school in Chelsea, supported by the Society. It is thought to be the first in England that had an all-women Board of Governors. The school and its curriculum was run by Mary Astell (1666–1731), an educationalist sometimes called the first English feminist. Astell was the daughter of a wealthy, upper-class merchant, who shared Elizabeth's Non-Juror connections and political beliefs. She is now best known for her essay 'Some reflections on marriage', in particular her question "If all Men are born free, how is it that all Women are born Slaves?" Elizabeth was distantly related to poet and playwright William Congreve; he referenced her in the Tatler journal, as did Richard Steele, who wrote "...to know her is an immediate check to loose behaviour, and to love her a liberal education."
Unlike her more combative sister-in-law Selina, she was known for her warm nature and as a generous host, despite being personally abstemious. The gardens at Ledston were laid out by Charles Bridgeman, who designed those at St James's and Hyde Parks; she was considered an innovative landlord, encouraging the use of irrigation techniques and fertilisers by her tenants. She owned one of the first personal accounts with Hoare's Bank, which was used for her business dealings, including investments in the early stock market. This was designed to produce cash, since landed wealth was relatively illiquid, and allowed her far greater flexibility in terms of donations. Several primary schools in West Yorkshire still bear her name, including Ledston, Collingham, and Thorp Arch. In 1721, she made a significant donation towards construction of Holy Trinity Church, Leeds, as well as contributing ideas to its design.Early in 1738, she was diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent a mastectomy, performed without anaesthetic, but her health continued to decline. Needing to survive another 12 months to comply with the laws on establishing a trust, she died at the end of 1739, one year and one week later. She was buried in All Saints Ledsham, a church dating back to the 7th century. Her tomb was designed by Peter Scheemakers.Ledston and its library were left to her nephew Francis, much to the disappointment of Lady Selina, whose own charitable works were rapidly exceeding her resources. Scholarships at Queen's College for northern students were funded by her Wheldale estate, site of Wheldale Colliery from 1868 to 1988. The remainder established the 'Lady Elizabeth Hastings Charities', focusing on education, primarily in the North of England; they still exist and in the decade since 2008, awarded grants totalling more than £2.2 million.

 Notes 

 References 

 Sources 
Astell, Mary (1700). Some reflections upon marriage occasion'd by the Duke & Dutchess of Mazarine's case, which is also considered. John Nutt.
Bell, Henry Nugent (1821). The Huntingdon Peerage. Baldwin, Cradock and Joy.
Donawerth, Jane (2002). Rhetorical Theory by Women Before 1900: An Anthology. Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 978-0742517165.
Guerrini, Anita (2004). "Hastings, Lady Elizabeth". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (Online ed.). Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/ref:odnb/12564. (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)
Hill, Bridget (2001). Women Alone Spinsters in England 1660–1850. Yale University Press. ISBN 0300088205.
Journals of the House of Commons, Volume 11; 1693-1697. House of Commons. 1803.
Laurence, Anne (2010). "Lady Betty Hastings (1682–1739): godly patron" (PDF). Women's History Review. 19 (2): 201–213. doi:10.1080/09612021003633911. S2CID 145687985.
Linstrum, Derek (1978). West Yorkshire Architects and Architecture. Lund Humphries Publishers Ltd. ISBN 978-0853314103.
Livingstone, Neil (1998). Yun, Lee Too (ed.). Pedagogy and Power: Rhetorics of Classical Learning. CUP. ISBN 978-0521594356.
Miller, John (1978). James II; A study in kingship. Menthuen. ISBN 978-0413652904.
Monod, Paul Kleber (1993). Jacobitism and the English People, 1688–1788. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0521447935.
Overton, J. H. (1902). The Nonjurors: Their Lives, Principles, and Writings (2018 ed.). Wentworth Press. ISBN 978-0530237336.
Schlenther, Boyd Stanley (2008). "Hastings [née Shirley], Selina, countess of Huntingdon (1707-1791)". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (Online ed.). Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/ref:odnb/12582. (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)
Scott, Beatrice (1983). "Lady Elizabeth Hastings". The Yorkshire Archaeological Journal. 55.
Stephens, John Calhoun (1982). The Guardian. University Press of Kentucky. ISBN 978-0813114224.
Tyson, John; Schlenther, Boyd (2006). In the Midst of Early Methodism: Lady Huntingdon and Her Correspondence. Scarecrow Press. ISBN 978-0810857933.
Urbanus, Sylvanus (1814). Gentleman's Magazine and Historical Chronicle; Volume LXXXIV. Nichols, Son & Bentley.

 External links 
"Theophilus Hastings, 7th Earl of Huntingdon". The Peerage. Retrieved 14 October 2019.
"Lady Elizabeth Hastings' CE VA Primary School". Lady Hastings Thorp Arch. Retrieved 15 October 2019.
"Collingham, Lady Elizabeth Hastings Primary School". Collingham School. Retrieved 15 October 2019.
"Lady Elizabeth Hastings Church of England (Voluntary Aided) Primary School LEDSTON". Ladyehastings.leeds.sch.uk. Retrieved 17 October 2019.
Nickson, Chris (4 September 2014). "The Oldest Building in West Yorkshire". Chrisnickson.co.uk. Retrieved 15 October 2019.
"Lady Elizabeth Hastings Charities; Facts and Figures". Lady Elizabeth Hastings Charities. Retrieved 16 October 2019.
"Lady Elizabeth Hastings' Estate Charity, registered charity no. 224098". Charity Commission for England and Wales. Follow "Linked charities" for information on the Lady Elizabeth Hastings' Educational Foundation and the Lady Elizabeth Hastings' Non-Educational Charity

Selina Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon
Selina Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon (née Shirley; 24 August 1707 – 17 June 1791) was an English religious leader who played a prominent part in the religious revival of the 18th century and the Methodist movement in England and Wales. She founded an evangelical branch in England and Sierra Leone, known as the Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion.
She helped finance and guide early Methodism and was the first principal of Trevecca College, Wales, established in 1768 to train Methodist ministers. With the construction of 64 chapels in England and Wales, plus mission work in colonial America, she is estimated to have spent over £100,000 on these activities, a huge sum when a family of four could live on £31 per year.A regular correspondent of George Whitefield and John Wesley, she is also remembered for her adversarial relationships with other Methodists.

 Personal life 
Selina Shirley was born in August 1707 at Astwell Castle, Northamptonshire, second daughter of Washington Shirley, 2nd Earl Ferrers, and Mary Levinge,  daughter of Sir Richard Levinge, 1st Baronet. The family moved to Staunton Harold Hall, in Leicestershire when she was 17 and in 1728, she married Theophilus Hastings, 9th Earl of Huntingdon, who lived at nearby Donington Hall. This was arranged by his elder half-sister, Lady Elizabeth Hastings, a well-known religious philanthropist and supporter of women's education.She gave birth to seven children in the first ten years of the marriage, four of whom died young; her husband died in 1746, while she allegedly suffered from poor health. The family were interested in politics, religion and the arts, and commissioned portraits from fashionable artists of the day.

 Foundling Hospital 
On 21 April 1730, she became one of the 21 aristocratic women whose support Thomas Coram would enlist in his efforts to establish the Foundling Hospital. Securing the support of notably pious women such as Lady Huntingdon as signatories to the Ladies' Petition for the Establishment of the Foundling Hospital lent his endeavour not only respectability but cachet; many of the women were lending their signature where their husbands had previously refused, making the Foundling Hospital 'one of the most fashionable charities of the day.' Selina would later provide the Coram with 'financial support for fees, stamp duties, vellum, seals and others expenses [sic] connected with the presentation of the Foundling Hospital Charter for the King's signature.'The petition was presented to King George II in 1735.

 Religious revival 
In 1739, Lady Huntington joined the first Methodist society in Fetter Lane, London. Sometime after the death of her husband in 1746, she threw in her lot with John Wesley and George Whitefield in the work of the great revival. According to Schlenther, it was Wesley who first attracted her to Methodism, noting a visit to his chapel in Donnington (Wood) in East Shropshire, in which a rare exception to egalitarian principles was made and she was offered a private pew. Whitefield became her personal chaplain, and, with his assistance, following problems put in her path by the Anglican clergy from whom she had preferred not to separate, she founded the "Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion", a Calvinistic movement within the Methodist church.
In the earlier part of her life Isaac Watts, Mary, Lady Abney, Philip Doddridge, and Augustus Montague Toplady were among her friends. Lady Anne Erskine (eldest daughter of the 10th Earl of Buchan), was her closest friend and companion for many years in the latter part of Lady Huntingdon's life.

 Chapel building 
In 1748, the Countess gave Whitefield a scarf as her chaplain, and in that capacity, he preached in one of her London houses, in Park Street, Westminster, to audiences that included Chesterfield, Walpole and Bolingbroke. She held large dinner parties at which Whitefield preached to the gathered dignitaries after they had eaten.
Moved to further the religious revival in a Calvinistic manner compatible with Whitefield's work, she was responsible for founding 64 chapels and contributed to the funding of others, insisting they should all subscribe to the doctrines of the Church of England and use only the Book of Common Prayer. Amongst these were chapels at Brighton (1761), Bath (1765), Worcester (c. 1766), Tunbridge Wells (1769), several in Wales, and a small number in London including founding one adjacent to her London home at Spa Fields, Clerkenwell/Finsbury (which resulted in a case being brought before the ecclesiastical courts by the vicar of the parish church of St James). She partly funded the independent Surrey Chapel, Southwark of Rowland Hill. She appointed ministers to officiate in them, under the impression that as a peeress she had a right to employ as many chaplains as she pleased. In her chapel at Bath (now owned by the Bath Preservation Trust and housing the Building of Bath Collection which is open to the public), there was a curtained recess dubbed "Nicodemus' Corner" where bishops sat incognito to hear services.

 Trevecca College and later history 
Following the expulsion of six Methodist students from St Edmund Hall, Oxford in 1768 the Countess founded a ministers' training college at Trefeca (Trevecca) near Talgarth, in Mid Wales, not far from Brecon. George Whitefield preached at the opening ceremony. The college moved to Hertfordshire in 1792, and was renamed Cheshunt College. It moved to Cambridge in 1906. Cheshunt College, Cambridge merged with Westminster College, Cambridge, the training college of the Presbyterian Church of England (and after 1972, of the United Reformed Church), in 1967.In 1842, the Presbyterian Church of Wales opened a college at Trefeca which is approximately a quarter of a mile south of the site of the Countess's college (which is now a farmhouse).

 Foreign missions 
The Countess had an interest in the Thirteen Colonies, and issues related to Native Americans and enslaved Africans there. During the mid-1760s, she met and befriended Mohegan preacher Samson Occom, then on a tour of England to raise funds for Indian missions in the colonies.She became a slave owner herself in 1770 when she inherited Whitefield's overseas estates in Georgia and South Carolina, including the Bethesda Home for Boys. On Whitefield's advice, she bought additional slaves for the orphanage's benefit.The Countess promoted the writings and freedom of formerly enslaved Africans who espoused religious views compatible with her own. For instance, she supported publication of memoirs, or slave narratives, by Ukawsaw Gronniosaw and Olaudah Equiano.She also used her influence in the world of the arts to secure publication for Phillis Wheatley's 1773 volume of poems, Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral by Phillis Wheatley, Negro Servant to Mr. John Wheatley, of Boston, in New England, which was dedicated to the Countess. Because the Countess was ill when Wheatley visited London, the two women never met. Several pieces of their correspondence are extant.Until 1779, Lady Huntingdon and her chaplains were members of the Church of England, with which most Methodists were still connected. That year the consistorial court prohibited her chaplains from preaching in the Pantheon in Spa Fields, Clerkenwell, which had been rented by the Countess. To evade the injunction, she was compelled to take shelter under the Toleration Act. This placed her among classified dissenters. Such prominent members as William Romaine and Henry Venn did not want to be classified in that status, and left the Connexion.
After the Patriot victory in the American War of Independence, the Crown fulfilled promises to enslaved Africans and African Americans who had fled their American masters to join the British. The British evacuated thousands of former slaves from the colonies, who became known as Black Loyalists. About 3,000 were resettled in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, where they were to be given land and supplies. The Countess sent missionaries to these colonies, including John Marrant and William Furmage, to attend to the Black Loyalists.

 Legacy 
Until her death in London, Lady Huntingdon exercised an active, and even autocratic, superintendence over her chapels and chaplains. Alice Membury, appointed schoolmistress in Melbourne, Derbyshire by Lady Elizabeth Hastings, was ejected by the Countess for 'not turning Methodist'. Selina successfully petitioned George III about the gaiety of Archbishop Cornwallis' establishment, and made a vigorous protest against the anti-Calvinistic minutes of the Wesleyan Conference of 1770, and against relaxing the terms of subscription of 1772.
On the Countess's death in 1791, the 64 chapels and the college were bequeathed to four trustees. Amongst them were Dr Ford, as well as Lady Ann, who was requested to occupy and reside in Lady Huntingdon's house adjoining Spa Fields Chapel, and carry on all needful correspondence (which was immense). She did this dutifully until her own death in 1804 and burial at Bunhill Fields.The principal trustee was the Reverend Thomas Haweis, who presided at the Convocation of the Connexion, comprising about 120 chapels. As rector of the Church of England parish at Aldwincle until his death in 1820, he ensured the Connexion kept as close to the Church of England as was possible; many chapels became part of the Free Church of England in 1863.One of the earliest changes under the new trustees was to complete plans to relocate the college. In 1792 it was removed to Cheshunt, Hertfordshire where it remained as Cheshunt College, until 1905, when its functions were transferred to Cambridge University. The college was noted for the number of men it sent to foreign missions.
In 1795, Spa Fields Chapel was used by the founders of the non-denominational Missionary Society, which became the London Missionary Society, for preachers contributing to this, its founding meeting. After her death, much of her movement merged with the Congregationalist Church, who came to predominate in the London Missionary Society, and more joined the Free Church of England in 1863, although in 2022 there were still 22 Connexion congregations functioning in England, with others in Sierra Leone.
In her will, she requested no biography of her should be written and none was attempted until 90 years after her death. Obituaries and tributes were written: Horace Walpole described her as the patriarchess of the Methodists, whilst the Roman Catholic, John Henry Newman, commented She devoted herself, her means, her time, her thoughts, to the cause of Christ. She did not spend her money on herself; she did not allow the homage paid to her rank to remain with herself. She was clearly a pivotal figure in the Evangelical Revival.
Huntingdon College, in Montgomery, Alabama, is a coeducation liberal arts college named after the Countess of Huntingdon to honour her contributions to Methodism.
Huntingdon Street in Savannah, Georgia, is likewise named after her in recognition of her association with Whitefield and John and Charles Wesley in their apostolic works in the Colony of Georgia.
Lady Huntingdon Lane at the Givens Estates in Asheville, North Carolina, a retirement community affiliated with the United Methodist Church.
Lady Huntingdon Road on the grounds of the United Methodist Assembly, Lake Junaluska, NC, located near the World Methodist Center.
Huntingdon: County seat of Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania (founded September 20, 1787) are both named for her.

 Family 
By her marriage to Theophilus Hastings, 9th Earl of Huntingdon, she had seven children. Of those, three died in childhood and the death date of a fourth is unknown. Her longest surviving children were:

Francis, Lord Hastings (1729–1789), later 10th Earl of Huntingdon, died unmarried and without issue.
Lady Elizabeth Hastings (1731–1808), Baroness Hastings, the only child to survive her mother, married John Rawdon, 1st Earl of Moira.
Lady Selina Hastings (1737–1763), died when engaged to Lt-Col George Hastings, without issue.

 See also 
Methodist Church of Great Britain
Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion

 References 

 Sources 
Cook, Faith, 2002. Selina: Countess of Huntingdon. Banner of Truth Trust, ISBN 0-85151-812-5
Fenwick, Dr John (2004). The Free Church of England: The History and Promise of an Anglican Tradition. T & T Clark International. ISBN 978-0567084330.
Guerinni, Anita (2004). "Hastings, Lady Elizabeth". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (Online ed.). Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/ref:odnb/12564. (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)
Kirby, Gilbert, 2002. The Elect Lady. Trustees of the Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion
Laurence, Anne (2010). "Lady Betty Hastings (1682–1739): godly patron" (PDF). Women's History Review. 19 (2): 201–213. doi:10.1080/09612021003633911. S2CID 145687985.
Orchard, Stephen.  "Selina, Countess of Huntingdon." Journal of the United Reformed Church History Society 8#2 (2008): 77–90.
Schlenther, Boyd Stanley (2008). "Hastings [née Shirley], Selina, countess of Huntingdon (1707-1791)". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (Online ed.). Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/ref:odnb/12582. (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)
Schlenther, Boyd Stanley' Queen of the Methodists: The Countess of Huntingdon and the eighteenth-century crisis of faith and society (Durham Academic Press, 1997).
Tyson, John; Schlenther, Boyd (2006). In the Midst of Early Methodism: Lady Huntingdon and Her Correspondence. Scarecrow Press. ISBN 978-0810857933.AttributionThis article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Huntingdon, Selina Hastings, Countess of". Encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 13 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 950.

 Further reading 
On the Countess of Huntingdon and the Welsh Methodists, see E. Wyn James, 'Blessèd Jubil!’: Slavery, Mission and the Millennial Dawn in the Work of William Williams of Pantycelyn', in Cultures of Radicalism in Britain and Ireland, ed. John Kirk, Michael Brown & Andrew Noble, 'Poetry and Song in the Age of Revolution', vol. 3 (London: Pickering & Chatto, 2013), 95-112.

 External links 

Kirby, Gilbert W. The Elect Lady
"Archival material relating to Selina Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon". UK National Archives. 
"Huntingdon, Selina Hastings" . New International Encyclopedia. 1905.
The Asbury Triptych Series is a trilogy based on early Methodism. Lady Selina Countess of Huntingdon features largely in the opening book, Black Country

George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax
George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax,  (6 October 1716 – 8 June 1771) was a British statesman of the Georgian era. Due to his success in extending commerce in the Americas, he became known as the "father of the colonies". President of the Board of Trade from 1748 to 1761, he aided the foundation of Nova Scotia, 1749, the capital Halifax being named after him. When Canada was ceded to the King of Great Britain by the King of France, following the Treaty of Paris of 1763, he restricted its boundaries and renamed it "Province of Quebec".

 Early life 
The son of the 1st Earl of Halifax, he was styled Viscount Sunbury until succeeding his father as Earl of Halifax in 1739 (thus also styled in common usage Lord Halifax). Educated at Eton College and at Trinity College, Cambridge, he was married in 1741 to Anne Richards (died 1753), who had inherited a great fortune from Sir Thomas Dunk, whose name Halifax took.

 Career 
After having been an official in the household of Frederick, Prince of Wales, Halifax was made Master of the Buckhounds, and in 1748 he became President of the Board of Trade. While filling this position he helped to found Halifax, the capital of Nova Scotia, which was named after him, and he helped foster trade, especially with North America.About this time he attempted, unsuccessfully, to become a Secretary of State, but was only allowed to enter the Cabinet in 1757. In March 1761, Halifax was appointed Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and during part of the time which he held this office he was also First Lord of the Admiralty.He became Secretary of State for the Northern Department under Lord Bute in October 1762, switching to the Southern Department in 1763 and was one of the three ministers to whom King George III entrusted the direction of affairs during the premiership of George Grenville. In 1762, in search of evidence of sedition, he authorised a raid on the home of John Entick, declared unlawful in the case of Entick v. Carrington.
In 1763, he signed the general warrant for the "authors, printers and publishers" of The North Briton number 45, under which John Wilkes and 48 others were arrested, and for which, six years later, the courts of law made Halifax pay damages. 
He was also mainly responsible for the exclusion of the name of the King's mother, Augusta, Princess of Wales, from the Regency Bill of 1765.
Together with his colleagues, Halifax left office in July 1765, returning to the Cabinet as Lord Privy Seal under his nephew, Lord North, in January 1770. He had just been restored to his former position of Secretary of State when he died.

 Cricket 
Like his friends John Russell, 4th Duke of Bedford, and John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, Halifax was keen on cricket. The earliest surviving record of his involvement in the sport comes from 1741 when he led Northamptonshire in a match against Buckinghamshire at Cow Meadow in Northampton. In the same season, Sandwich and Halifax formed the Northamptonshire & Huntingdonshire team which twice defeated Bedfordshire, first at Woburn Park and then at Cow Meadow.

 Legacy 

 Social, moral and cultural impact 
Halifax, who was Lord-Lieutenant of Northamptonshire and a Lieutenant General, was very extravagant. During the House of Commons election for Northampton in 1768, he spent £150,000 bribing voters to support his candidate, George Brydges Rodney, and was financially ruined by the effort.He was a political patron of playwright and civil servant Richard Cumberland.  He left no legitimate male children, and his titles became extinct on his death. Horace Walpole, 4th Earl of Orford, spoke slightingly of him and his mistress, Anna Maria Faulkner, including alleging that Halifax had "sold every employment in his gift". His mistress had kept a low profile while he was in Ireland, but she was understood to have sold positions.

 Politics 
Halifax was opposed to slavery, and refused to invest his money in any cause that was linked to the TransAtlantic slave trade. There were numerous occasions in which colonists in North America came into conflict with Parliament, and on every one of those occasions he publicly voiced support for the colonists, thus leading to him becoming a popular figure in Britain's North American colonies, including the Province of Massachusetts Bay, the Province of North Carolina and the Colony of Virginia. Halifax supported expanding the franchise so that a larger portion of people in the Kingdom of Great Britain would be able to vote in parliamentary elections. His mistress had kept a low profile while he was in Ireland, but she was alleged to have sold positions which was a political scandal for part of Halifax's career.

 Memorials 
Halifax was buried in the parish church of Horton, Northamptonshire; an effigy bust and plaque features in the north transept of Westminster Abbey. An obelisk is erected at Chicksands Wood in the parish of Haynes, Bedfordshire, inscribed to his memory.

 Collections 
University College London holds over 4000 tracts in its Lansdowne and Halifax tracts collections, the latter being named after Halifax. The tracts were published in England between 1559 and 1776, and relate to the union between England and Scotland, the Civil War and the Restoration. Many of the tracts were written by Daniel Defoe and Jonathan Swift under pseudonyms.

 Related locations 
The municipality of Halifax and Halifax County, Nova Scotia, are named in his honour, as are the Halifax River in Central Florida; the town of Halifax and Halifax County, North Carolina; Halifax, Virginia, Halifax, Vermont in the United States; and Dunk Island in Queensland and Montague Island in New South Wales.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Footnotes 

Attribution:

This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Halifax, George Montagu Dunk, 2nd Earl of". Encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 12 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 839.

 Bibliography 
Maun, Ian (2009). From Commons to Lord's, Volume One: 1700 to 1750. Roger Heavens. ISBN 978-1-900592-52-9.
Waghorn, H. T. (1899). Cricket Scores, Notes, etc. (1730–1773). Blackwood.

 Further reading 
Andrew D. M. Beaumont, Colonial America and the Earl of Halifax, 1748-1761. Oxford, England: Oxford University Press, 2015.

 External links 
Lansdowne and Halifax Tracts at University College London
 Media related to George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax at Wikimedia Commons

Jonas Hanway
Jonas Hanway FRSA (12 August 1712 – 5 September 1786), was a British philanthropist and traveller. He was the first male Londoner to carry an umbrella and was a noted opponent of tea drinking.

 Life 
Hanway was born in Portsmouth, on the south coast of England. Whilst still a child, his father, who had been a victualler, died, and the family subsequently moved to London.
In 1729, Jonas was apprenticed to a merchant in Lisbon. In 1743, after he had been in business for himself for some time in London, he became a partner with Mr Dingley, a merchant in St Petersburg, and in this way was led to travel in Russia and Persia. Leaving St Petersburg on 10 September 1743, and passing south by Moscow, Tsaritsyn and Astrakhan, he embarked on the Caspian Sea on 22 November and arrived at Astrabad on 18 December. Here his goods were seized by Mohammed Hassan Beg, and it was only after great privations that he reached the camp of Nadir Shah, under whose protection he recovered most (85%) of his property.
His return journey was embarrassed by sickness (at Resht), attacks from pirates, and six weeks' quarantine; he only arrived at St Petersburg on 1 January 1745. He again left the Russian capital on 9 July 1750 and travelled through Germany and the Netherlands to England (28 October). The rest of his life was mostly spent in London, where the narrative of his travels (published in 1753) soon made him a man of note, and where he devoted himself to philanthropy and good citizenship.
In 1756, Hanway founded The Marine Society, to keep up the supply of British seamen; in 1758, he became a governor of the Foundling Hospital, a position which was upgraded to vice president in 1772; he was instrumental in the establishment the Magdalen Hospital; in 1761 he procured a better system of parochial birth registration in London; and in 1762 he was appointed a commissioner for victualling the navy (10 July); this office he held till October 1783.
He died, unmarried, on 5 September 1786 aged 74 and was buried in the crypt at St. Mary's Church, Hanwell. A monument to his memory, sculpted by John Francis Moore was erected in the north transept at Westminster Abbey in 1786.Hanway was the first male Londoner, it is said, to carry an umbrella, (following women who had been using umbrellas since 1705)  and he lived to triumph over all the hackney coachmen who tried to hoot and hustle him down. He attacked vail-giving, or tipping, with some temporary success; by his onslaught upon tea drinking he became involved in controversy with Samuel Johnson and Oliver Goldsmith. His last efforts were on behalf of child chimney-sweeps. He also advocated solitary confinement for prisoners and opposed naturalisation of non-British Jews.

 Opposition to tea 
Hanway was a staunch opponent of tea drinking. In 1756, he authored An Essay on Tea which argued that tea was "pernicious to health, obstructing industry and impoverishing the nation". Hanway stated that tea drinking caused bad breath, ugliness and weakened the nerves. Hanway was concerned about the nation's economic loss from the tea trade with China. He believed that Britain's national wealth was being given to other countries instead of being used in preparing the nation's defence and that excessive tea drinking was weakening the British population.In 1757, Samuel Johnson, a tea drinker, wrote an anonymous negative review of Hanway's essay for the Literary Magazine. This led to a heated dispute between them. Johnson's review was controversial as it criticised the Foundling Hospital. The governors of the hospital considered taking legal action against the publisher of the Literary Magazine. However, the publishers of the magazine did not apologise or reveal Johnson's name but decided it was time for him to hand in his resignation as a reviewer.

 Publications 
Hanway created seventy-four printed works, mostly pamphlets. Of literary importance is the Historical Account of British Trade over the Caspian Sea, with a Journal of Travels, etc. (London, 1753). He's also cited frequently for his work with the Foundling Hospital, particularly his pamphlets detailing the earliest comparative "histories" of the foundation versus similar institutions abroad.On his life, see also John Pugh, Remarkable Occurrences in the Life of Jonas Hanway (London, 1787); Gentleman's Magazine, vol. xxxii. p. 342; vol. lvi. pt. ii. pp. 812814, 1090, 1143-1144; vol. lxv. pt. ii. pp. 72 1722, 834-835; Notes and Queries, 1st series, i. 436, ii. 25; 3rd series, vii. 311; 4th series, viii. 416.

 Sources 
The Lives of Celebrated Travellers, Volume 2

 References 

AttributionThis article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Hanway, Jonas". Encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 12 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 932.

 Further reading 
Roland Everett Jayne, Jonas Hanway: Philanthropist, Politician, and Author (1712–1786), London: Epworth Press, J. Alfred Sharp, 1929.

Massa (gorilla)
Massa (1930 – 30 December 1984) was a male gorilla who reached the age of 54 years. At the time, this was the oldest gorilla ever recorded, though later individuals would eventually surpass that record.Massa was born in the wild in Ghana.  He was shipped to the United States at an early age and his first owner was Brooklyn eccentric Gertrude Lintz. In 1935, after accidentally spilling water on Massa, which startled him severely, Lintz decided to sell him to the Philadelphia Zoo.In his prime, Massa weighed 400 pounds (180 kg).
Massa lived at the zoo until his death from a stroke on 30 December 1984, following a special birthday party held by the zoo, complete with a special cake and a live dixieland band.  He was buried within the grounds of the zoo.

 In popular culture 
The 1997 film Buddy was based on the life of Massa (with some elements from the life of another of Lintz's gorillas, Gargantua, who was known at the time as Buddy).

 See also 
List of individual apes

 References 

 External links 
Massa the Gorilla at Find a Grave
youtube, Massa the Gorilla

BNY Mellon
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, commonly known as BNY Mellon, is an American banking and financial services corporation headquartered in New York City. The bank offers investment management, investment services, and wealth management services. BNY Mellon was formed from the merger of The Bank of New York and the Mellon Financial Corporation in 2007. It is the world's largest custodian bank and securities services company, with $1.8 trillion in assets under management and $45.7 trillion in assets under custody as of 2023. It is considered a systemically important bank by the Financial Stability Board.
Through its Bank of New York predecessor, it is the oldest bank in the United States and the first listed on the New York Stock Exchange. It is regarded as being among the oldest banks in the world, having been established in June 1784 by a group that included American Founding Father Alexander Hamilton. T. Mellon and Sons Bank, was founded in Pittsburgh in 1869 by Thomas Mellon and his sons Richard and Andrew, the latter of whom later became Secretary of the US Treasury. The bank replaced its name with Mellon National Bank in 1902.

 History 

 Bank of New York 
The first bank in the U.S. was the Bank of North America in Philadelphia, which was chartered by the Continental Congress in 1781; Alexander Hamilton, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin were among its founding shareholders. In February 1784, The Massachusetts Bank in Boston was chartered.The shipping industry in New York City chafed under the lack of a bank, and investors envied the 14% dividends that Bank of North America paid, and months of local discussion culminated in a June 1784 meeting at a coffee house on St. George's Square which led to the formation of the Bank of New York company. The bank operated without a charter for seven years. The initial plan was to capitalize the company with $750,000, a third in cash and the rest in mortgages, but after this was disputed the first offering was to capitalize it with $500,000 in gold or silver. When the bank opened on June 9, 1784, the full $500,000 had not been raised; 723 shares had been sold, held by 192 people. Aaron Burr had three of them, and Hamilton had one and a half shares. The first president was Alexander McDougall and the Cashier was William Seton.Its first offices were in the old Walton Mansion in New York City. In 1787, it moved to a site on Hanover Square that the New York Cotton Exchange later moved into.The bank provided the United States government its first loan in 1789. The loan was orchestrated by Hamilton, then Secretary of the Treasury, and it paid the salaries of United States Congress members and President George Washington.The Bank of New York was the first company to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange when it first opened in 1792. In 1796, the bank moved to a location at the corner of Wall Street and William Street, which would later become 48 Wall Street.
The bank had a monopoly on banking services in the city until the Bank of the Manhattan Company was founded by Aaron Burr in 1799; the Bank of New York and Hamilton vigorously opposed its founding.During the 19th century, the bank was known for its conservative lending practices that allowed it to weather financial crises. It was involved in the funding of the Morris and Erie canals, and steamboat companies. The bank helped finance both the War of 1812 and the Union Army during the American Civil War. Following the Civil War, the bank loaned money to many major infrastructure projects, including utilities, railroads, and the New York City Subway.Through the early 20th century, the Bank of New York continued to expand and prosper. In July 1922, the bank merged with the New York Life Insurance and Trust Company. The bank continued to profit and pay dividends throughout the Great Depression, and its total deposits increased during the decade. In 1948, the bank again merged, this time with the Fifth Avenue Bank, which was followed by a merger in 1966 with the Empire Trust Company. The bank's holding company was created in 1969.
In 1988, the Bank of New York merged with Irving Bank Corporation after a year-long takeover bid by Bank of New York. Irving had been headquartered at 1 Wall Street and after the merger, this became the headquarters of the Bank of New York on July 20, 1988.From 1993 to 1998, the bank made 33 acquisitions, including acquiring JP Morgan's Global Custody Business in 1995. Ivy Asset Management was acquired in 2000, and the bank acquired Pershing LLC, the United States' second-largest trade clearinghouse, in 2003.In October 2002, Bank of New York entered into an alliance with ING to gain a stronger footing in Eastern European markets.In 2003, Bank of New York acquired Pershing, the stock clearing unit of Credit Suisse First Boston, for $2 billion, making BNY the nation’s largest clearing firm for stock trades.In 2005, the bank paid a $14 million settlement to the Russian government concerning the money laundering activities of a rogue employee in the 1990s. This scandal has been sometimes called Russiagate.In 2006, the Bank of New York traded its retail banking and regional middle-market businesses for J.P. Morgan Chase's corporate trust assets. The deal signaled the bank's exit from retail banking.

 Mellon Financial 

Mellon Financial was founded as T. Mellon & Sons' Bank in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1869 by retired judge Thomas Mellon and his sons Andrew W. Mellon and Richard B. Mellon. The bank invested in and helped found numerous industrial firms in the late 1800s and early 1900s including Alcoa, Westinghouse, Gulf Oil, General Motors and Bethlehem Steel. Both Gulf Oil and Alcoa are, according to the financial media, considered to be T. Mellon & Sons' most successful financial investments.In 1902, T. Mellon & Sons' name was changed to the Mellon National Bank. In 1946, the firm merged with the Union Trust Company, a business founded by Andrew Mellon in 1899, and other affiliated financial firms. The newly formed organization was named the Mellon National Bank and Trust Company, and was Pittsburgh's first US$1 billion bank.The bank formed the first dedicated family office in the United States in 1971. A reorganization in 1972 led to the bank's name changing to Mellon Bank, N.A. and the formation of a holding company, Mellon National Corporation.Mellon Bank acquired multiple banks and financial institutions in Pennsylvania during the 1980s and 1990s. In 1992, Mellon acquired 54 branch offices of Philadelphia Savings Fund Society, the first savings bank in the United States, founded in 1819.In 1993, Mellon acquired The Boston Company from American Express and AFCO Credit Corporation from The Continental Corporation. The following year, Mellon merged with the Dreyfus Corporation, bringing its mutual funds under its umbrella. In 1999, Mellon Bank Corporation became Mellon Financial Corporation. Two years later, it exited the retail banking business by selling its assets and retail bank branches to Citizens Financial Group.

 Merger 
On December 4, 2006, the Bank of New York and Mellon Financial Corporation announced they would merge. The merger created the world's largest securities servicing company and one of the largest asset management firms by combining Mellon's wealth-management business and the Bank of New York's asset-servicing and short-term-lending specialties. The companies anticipated saving about $700 million in costs and cutting around 3,900 jobs, mostly by attrition.The deal was valued at $16.5 billion and under its terms, the Bank of New York's shareholders received 0.9434 shares in the new company for each share of the Bank of New York that they owned, while Mellon Financial shareholders received 1 share in the new company for each Mellon share they owned. The Bank of New York and Mellon Financial entered into mutual stock option agreements for 19.9 percent of the issuer's outstanding common stock. The merger was finalized on July 1, 2007. The company's principal office of business was located at the One Wall Street office previously held by the Bank of New York. The full name of the company became The Bank of New York Mellon Corp., with the BNY Mellon brand name being used for most lines of business.

 Post-merger history 
In October 2008, the U.S. Treasury named BNY Mellon the master custodian of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) bailout fund during the financial crisis of 2007 to 2010. BNY Mellon won the assignment, which included handling accounting and record-keeping for the program, through a bidding process. In November 2008, the company announced that it would lay-off 1,800 employees, or 4 percent of its global workforce, due to the financial crisis. According to the results of a February 2009 stress test conducted by federal regulators, BNY Mellon was one of only three banks that could withstand a worsening economic situation. The company received $3 billion from TARP, which it paid back in full in June 2009, along with US$136 million to buy back warrants from the Treasury in August 2009.In August 2009, BNY Mellon purchased Insight Investment, a management business for external funds, from Lloyds Banking Group. The company acquired PNC Financial Services' Global Investment Servicing Inc. in July 2010 and Talon Asset Management's wealth management business in 2011.By 2013, the company's capital had steadily risen from the financial crisis. In the results of the Federal Reserve's Dodd-Frank stress test in 2013, the bank was least affected by hypothetical extreme economic scenarios among banks tested. It was also a top performer on the same test in 2014.BNY Mellon began a marketing campaign in 2013 to increase awareness of the company that included a new slogan and logo.In 2013, the bank started building a new IT system called NEXEN. NEXEN uses open source technology and includes components such as an API store, data analytics, and a cloud computing environment.In May 2014, BNY Mellon sold its 1 Wall Street headquarters, and in 2015, moved into leased space at Brookfield Place. In June 2014, the company combined its global markets, global collateral services and prime services to create the new Markets Group, also known as BNY Markets Mellon. The company expanded its Hong Kong office in October 2014 as part of the company's plans to grow its wealth management business.Between 2014 and 2016, BNY Mellon opened innovation centers focused on emerging technologies, big data, digital and cloud-based projects, with the first opening in Silicon Valley.In September 2017, BNY Mellon announced that it agreed to sell CenterSquare Investment Management to its management team and the private equity firm Lovell Minnick Partners. The transaction is subject to standard regulatory approvals and is expected to be completed by the end of 2017.In November 2017, BNY Mellon performed the United States banking industry's first real-time payment transaction using a system set up by The Clearing House. The transaction moved a nominal amount between accounts at BNY Mellon and U.S. Bancorp in three seconds, inaugurating the first new payment clearance and settlement system for the US in over 40 years.In January 2018, BNY Mellon announced that it was again moving its headquarters location, less than four years after its prior move. The headquarters location was announced as 240 Greenwich Street, a renaming of the already BNY Mellon-owned 101 Barclay Street office building in Tribeca, New York City. BNY Mellon had owned the office building for over 30 years, with control of the location obtained via 99-year ground lease. The same year, the company purchased the location from the city for $352 million.In February 2020, Mellon announced that it has successfully onboarded Liontrust Asset Management to its new Investment Operations platform.In early 2023, BNY Mellon’s Pershing unit announced the addition of real-time payments to its investor portal. In June 2023, BNY Mellon's Pershing X launched wealth management platform Wove. In July 2023, BNY Mellon became an early adopter of Federal Reserve’s instant payment rail, FedNow.

 Operations 
BNY Mellon operates in 35 countries in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. The company employed 51,700 people As of December 2022. In October 2015, the group's American and global headquarters relocated to 225 Liberty Street, as the former 1 Wall Street building was sold in 2014. In July 2018, the company changed its headquarters again, this time to its existing 240 Greenwich Street location in New York (previously addressed 101 Barclay St). The group's EMEA headquarters are located in London and its Asia-Pacific headquarters are located in Hong Kong.

 Business 
The bank's primary functions are managing and servicing the investments of institutions and high-net-worth individuals. Its two primary businesses are Investment Services and Investment Management. The bank's clients include 80 percent of Fortune 500 companies. The company also serves 77 percent of the top 100 endowments, 87 percent of the top 1,000 pension and employee benefit funds, 51 percent of the top 200 life and health insurance companies and 50 percent of the top 50 universities.

 Investment Services 
BNY Mellon had $45.7 trillion in assets under custody and $1.8 trillion in assets under management as of September 2023. The financial services offered by the business include asset servicing, alternative investment services, broker-dealer services, corporate trust services and treasury services. Other offerings include global collateral services, foreign exchange, securities lending, middle and back office outsourcing, and depository receipts.The company's subsidiary Pershing LLC handles securities services, including execution, settlement, and clearing. It also provides back office support to financial advisors.In 2014, the company formed a new Markets Group, which offers collateral management, securities finance, foreign exchange and capital markets. The group is now known as BNY Mellon Markets.

 Investment Management 

 Wealth Management 
BNY Mellon's Wealth Management unit handles the private banking, estate planning, family office services, and investment servicing and management of high-net-worth individuals and families. As of 2014, it ranks 7th among wealth management businesses in the United States. Starting in 2013, the unit began expansion efforts, including opening eight new banking offices, increasing salespeople, bankers, and portfolio managers on staff, and launching an awareness campaign for wealth management services through television ads.

 Leadership 
Charles W. Scharf was appointed CEO in July 2017 and became Chairman after former CEO and chairman Gerald Hassell retired at the end of 2017. Hassell had been Chairman and CEO since 2011, after serving as BNY Mellon's president from 2007 to 2012 and as the president of the Bank of New York from 1998 until its merger. Scharf stepped down in 2019 to become the new CEO of Wells Fargo. Thomas "Todd" Gibbons served as BNY Mellon's CEO from 2020 to 2022. Robin Vince took over as the new CEO in 2022.Karen Peetz served as president (the bank's first female president) from 2013 to 2016, when she retired; the company did not appoint a new president when she retired. Thomas Gibbons served as CFO between 2008 and 2017, when he also served as vice chairman. In 2017, Gibbons was replaced as CFO by Michael P. Santomassimo. BNY Mellon's Investment Management business is run by CEO Mitchell Harris, and the company's Investment Services business was led by Brian Shea until his retirement in December 2017.As of 2023, the company's board members were Linda Z. Cook, Joseph J. Echevarria, M. Amy Gilliland, Jeffrey A. Goldstein, K. Guru Gowrappan, Ralph Izzo, Sandie O’Connor, Elizabeth E. Robinson, Robin Vince, and Alfred W. “Al” Zollar.Robin A. Vince was appointed president and CEO in August 2022, succeeding Gibbons. On his appointment, he also became a member of the company’s board of directors.

 Company culture 
In 2008, BNY Mellon formed a Board of Directors corporate social responsibility committee to set sustainability goals. The company's corporate social responsibility activities include philanthropy, social finance in the communities the bank is located in, and protecting financial markets globally.The bank's philanthropic activities include financial donations and volunteerism. The company matches employee volunteer hours and donations with financial contributions through its Community Partnership program. Between 2010 and 2012, the company and its employees donated approximately $100 million to charity. In 2014, the company worked with the Forbes Fund to create a platform that connects nonprofit organizations with private businesses to solve social challenges.The CDP, which measures corporate greenhouse gas emissions and disclosures, gave the company A ratings between 2013 and 2018. As of 2014, the company has saved $48 million due to building efficiency; five of its buildings have achieved Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED-EB) certification and 23 have interiors that are LEED certified.The company has business resource groups for employees that are focused on diversity and inclusion. In 2009, Karen Peetz co-founded the BNY Mellon Women's Initiative Network (WIN), a resource group for female employees' professional development. As of 2013, WIN had 50 chapters. Other groups include PRISM for LGBT employees, IMPACT, which serves multicultural employees, HEART for employees with disabilities, GENEDGE, intergenerational resource group, and VETNET for veterans, military spouses, family members and their colleagues. The bank has services for returning military, including a tool to help veterans align military skills and training with jobs at the company. In 2014, it was recognized for its diversity practices by the National Business Inclusion Consortium, which named it Financial Services Diversity Corporation of the Year.In 2009, the company began an innovation program for employees to suggest ideas for large-scale projects and company improvement. Ideas from the initial pilot program generated approximately $165 million in pretax profit. The program results in an annual contest called "ACE" in which teams pitch their ideas.In 2022, BNY Mellon released The Pathway to Inclusive Investment, a report focused on the gender-investment gap. The research surveyed 8,000 respondents across 16 markets globally with combined assets of $60T. The report identified barriers to investment and ways that the industry could overcome them, indicating that if were women to invest at the same rate as men, this would unlock an estimated $3.2T of additional capital.

 Controversies and legal issues 

 Foreign currency exchange issues 
In October 2011, the U.S. Justice Department and New York's attorney general filed civil lawsuits against the Bank of New York, alleging foreign currency fraud. The suits held that the bank deceived pension-fund clients by manipulating the prices assigned to them for foreign currency transactions. Allegedly, the bank selected the day's lowest rates for currency sales and highest rates for purchases, appropriating the difference as corporate profit. The scheme was said to have generated $2 billion for the bank, at the expense of millions of Americans' retirement funds, and to have transpired over more than a decade. Purportedly, the bank would offer secret pricing deals to clients who raised concerns, in order to avoid discovery. Bank of New York defended itself vigorously, maintaining the fraud accusations were "flat out wrong" and warning that as the bank employed 8,700 employees in New York, any damage to the bank would have negative repercussions for the state of New York.Finally, in March 2015, the company admitted to facts concerning the misrepresentation of foreign exchange pricing and execution. BNY Mellon's alleged misconduct in this area includes representing pricing as best rates to its clients, when in fact they were providing clients with bad prices while retaining larger margins. In addition to dismissing key executives, the company agreed to pay a total of US$714 million to settle related lawsuits.In May 2015, BNY Mellon agreed to pay $180 million to settle a foreign exchange-related lawsuit.In May 2016, multiple plaintiffs filed suit against the bank, alleging that the company had breached its fiduciary duty to ERISA plans that held American Depositary Receipts by overcharging retirement plans that invested in foreign securities. In March 2017, the presiding judge declined to dismiss the suit. In December 2017, another lawsuit alleged that BNY Mellon manipulated foreign exchange rates was filed by Sheet Metal Workers' National Pension Fund. BNY Mellon agreed to pay $12.5 million to settle the 2016 lawsuit in December 2018.

 Personal data breach 
In February 2008, BNY Mellon suffered a security breach resulting in the loss of personal information when backup tapes containing the personal records of 4.5 million individuals went missing. Social security numbers and bank account information were included in the records. The breach was not reported to the authorities until May 2008, and letters were sent to those affects on May 22, 2008.In August 2008, the number of affected individuals was raised to 12.5 million, 8 million more than originally thought.

 IT system outages 
On Saturday, August 22, 2015, BNY Mellon's SunGard accounting system broke down during a software change. This led to the bank being unable to calculate net asset value (NAV) for 1,200 mutual funds via automated computer system. Between the breakdown and the eventual fix, the bank calculated the values using alternative means, such as manual operation staff. By Wednesday, August 26, the system was still not fully operational. The system was finally operational to regular capacity the following week. As a result of a Massachusetts Securities Division investigation into the company's failure and lack of a backup plan, the company paid $3 million.In December 2016, another major technology issue caused BNY Mellon to be unable to process payments related to the SWIFT network. As of the time of the issue, the bank processed about 160,000 global payments daily, an average of $1.6 trillion. The company was unable to process payments for a 19 hours, which led to a backlog of payments and an extension of Fedwire payment services.

 Privately owned public space agreement violation 
According to a New York City Comptroller audit in April 2017, BNY Mellon was in violation of a privately owned public space (POPS) agreement for at least 15 years. In constructing the 101 Barclay Street building in Lower Manhattan, BNY Mellon had received a permit allowing modification of height and setback regulations in exchange for providing a lobby accessible to the general public 24 hours a day. Auditors and members of the public had been unable to access or assess the lobby for many years, and were actively prevented from doing so by BNY Mellon security.In September 2018, the company began to permit public access to a portion of the lobby. However, BNY Mellon remains in violation of its agreement, as the lobby must be accessible to the public 24 hours a day. As of early 2021 the city Comptroller reported that company security personnel prevented auditors from entering or photographing the lobby and was seeking to have the "public lobby" designation removed.

 Employment legal issues 
BNY Mellon settled foreign bribery charges with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in August 2015 regarding its practice of providing internships to relatives of officials at a Middle Eastern investment fund. The U.S. SEC found the firm in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. The case was settled for $14.8 million.In March 2019, BNY Mellon staff considered legal options after the company banned employees from working from home. In particular, staff cited concerns regarding the impact on childcare, mental health, and diversity. The company reverted the ban as a result of employee outcry.

 Other legal issues 
In September 2009, BNY Mellon settled a lawsuit that had been filed against the Bank of New York by the Russian government in May 2007 for money laundering; the original suit claimed $22.5 billion in damages and was settled for $14 million.In 2011, South Carolina sued BNY Mellon for allegedly failing to adhere to the investment guidelines relating to the state's pension fund. The company settled with the state in June 2013 for $34 million.In July 2012, BNY Mellon settled a class action lawsuit relating to the collapse of Sigma Finance Corp. The suit alleged that the bank invested and lost cash collateral in medium-term notes. The company settled the lawsuit for $280 million.In December 2018, BNY Mellon agreed to pay nearly $54 million to settle charges of improper handling of "pre-released" American depositary receipts (ADRs) under investigation of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). BNY Mellon did not admit or deny the investigation findings but agreed to pay disgorgement of more than $29.3 million, $4.2 million in prejudgment interest and a penalty of $20.5 million.

 Recognition and rankings 
As of 2015, BNY Mellon was the world's largest custody bank, the sixth-largest investment management firm in the world, and the seventh-largest wealth management firm in the United States. In 2018, BNY Mellon ranked 175 on the Fortune 500 and 250 on the Financial Times Global 500. It was named one of world's 50 Safest Banks by Global Finance in 2013 and 2014, and one of the 20 Most Valuable Banking Brands in 2014 by The Banker. BNY Mellon was named on the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index in 2013, 2014 and 2015, and the World Index in 2014, 2015 and 2016.The bank says it is the longest running bank in the United States, a distinction sometimes disputed by its rivals and some historians. The Bank of North America was chartered in 1781, and was absorbed by a series of other entities until it was acquired by Wells Fargo. Similarly, The Massachusetts Bank went through a series of acquisitions and ended up as part of Bank of America. The Bank of New York remained independent, absorbing other companies, until its merger with Mellon. BNY Mellon is at least the third-oldest bank in the US.

 Sponsorships 
Since 2012, BNY Mellon has expanded its number of sponsorships. BNY Mellon was the title sponsor of the Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race from 2012 to 2015. The company also sponsors the Head of the Charles Regatta in Boston. In 2013, the company became a 10-year sponsor of the San Francisco 49ers and a founding partner of Levi's Stadium. The company is a regular sponsor of the Royal Academy of Arts in London.

 See also 

1 Wall Street
BNY Mellon Center (disambiguation)
CIBC Mellon
Eagle Investment Systems
Mellon Financial Corporation
Pershing LLC

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Business data for The Bank of New York Mellon: 
Pershing LLC., a subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation
225th Anniversary Commemorative Video
iNautix Technologies, a subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon
New York Life Insurance and Trust Company Records at Baker Library Historical Collections, Harvard Business School.

Bud Colligan
John C. "Bud" Colligan (born August 14, 1954) is a community activist, social entrepreneur, investor and company builder. He was appointed by Governor Gavin Newsom as his senior advisor for international affairs and trade in March, 2019.  He is co-founder of the Monterey Bay Economic Partnership (MBEP), co-founder of the non-profit community-development organization Pacific Community Ventures, former partner at Accel Partners, a global venture capital firm, and former chairman and CEO of Macromedia, a multimedia software company.

 Early life and education 
Colligan was born in Los Angeles, CA to John "Jack" Borradaile Colligan and Dolores Gertrude Gallagher, both descendants of the Armijo family. Colligan was raised in Glendale, CA along with five siblings, including youngest brother Edward "Ed" Colligan. He graduated in 1972 from Loyola High School.
He attended Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. While there, he led Students of Georgetown, Inc (known as “The Corp”), an organization offering Georgetown students hands-on experience running businesses, while concurrently funding philanthropic causes throughout the campus community.  During his tenure at the Corp, Colligan founded Vital Vittles, which is today one of the nation's largest, student-owned and operated businesses. In 1976, Colligan graduated cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown with a BSFS in International Economics.In 1983, Colligan earned an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.

 Community activism 
Colligan has been involved in community affairs for more than 30 years, focusing on education and economic development, particularly in underserved communities. 

 Economic Development 
Colligan co-founded, served as chairman of the board from 1998 to 2010, and is currently chairman emeritus of Pacific Community Ventures.Pacific Community Ventures pioneered a new kind of venture-philanthropy, integrating traditional investment, active support and impact measurement into its funding equation.  From 1998 to 2015, Pacific Community Ventures raised and deployed more than $100 million in philanthropic and community-focused capital. These investments helped 3,000 California businesses to create or retain more than 30,000 jobs.  The company was recognized as one of the “25 brilliant California ideas of the last quarter century,” by both University of California at Los Angeles and University of California at Berkeley.Colligan served on the Leadership Council of Opportunity Fund from 2012 to 2020, the nation's leading, not-for-profit, microfinance provider. From 1995 to 2018, the fund invested over $320 million into California-based communities.  In its fiscal year 2018, Opportunity Fund invested $92 million in small businesses, including serving 910 women entrepreneurs, 2,384 minority business owners, and 1,777 low-moderate income borrowers.
Colligan spearheaded the expansion of both Opportunity Fund and Pacific Community Ventures into Monterey, Santa Cruz and San Benito counties. The David and Lucille Packard Foundation, the Community Foundation for Monterey County and the Community Foundation for Santa Cruz County announced support for Opportunity Fund's micro lending efforts in 2014.Colligan was a founding board member of Santa Cruz Works, a non-profit organization focused on developing jobs and a thriving eco-system for science and technology companies in the Monterey Bay region. He is also co-founder of the Monterey Bay Economic Partnership, whose mission is to improve the economic health and quality of life for all residents in the Monterey Bay region. In 2016, Colligan received California Forward's Regional Steward Leader Award for community service for “individuals who exemplify leadership that helps sustain the Golden State as a place to create and thrive, to enjoy and to explore, to nurture and to bestow to future generations.”  In 2017, Colligan spearheaded the founding of the Monterey Bay Housing Trust as part of MBEP  to facilitate more affordable housing in the Monterey Bay region.

 Education 
From 2011 to 2019, Colligan was an investor and advisor to EdSurge, which acts as a “Consumer Reports” for best practices and products in the education technology space.  Edsurge became part of the International Society for Technology in Education in November, 2019. Colligan was also lead independent director and investor in lynda.com, which pioneered online video learning before its acquisition by LinkedIn in 2015 for $1.5 billion.Colligan served on the board of directors of JobTrain from 2001 to 2010 and as chairman of the board from 2007 to 2009. JobTrain is a community-based education center that combines vocational training, academics and life-skills development. Since JobTrain's founding, it has helped more than 150,000 low-income individuals with their lifelong learning and job placement objectives. Colligan was the first investor in, and now serves on the board of advisors of Digital NEST in Watsonville and Salinas, which provides access and creates opportunity for underserved youth to learn digital skills.
An active supporter of Georgetown University, Colligan served from 1998 to 2015 on the board of visitors for the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service.  He also served on Georgetown's board of regents from 2003 to 2009. In 2007, Colligan co-founded the Georgetown Technology Alliance (GTA) and served on its board of directors until 2015. Colligan received Georgetown's highest alumni honor in 2013, the John Carroll Award.
In 2020, Colligan was named to the board of directors of the California State University Monterey Bay Foundation, where he also serves on the investment committee. 

 Business career 
In 1983, Colligan joined Apple Inc. as part of the team that launched the groundbreaking Macintosh personal computer.  He later headed Apple's higher-education marketing group and grew revenues to more than half-a-billion dollars within three years. During his tenure at Apple, Colligan funded and sponsored Apple's visionary Knowledge Navigator video that premiered at Educom in 1987.As an early expert in education technology, in 1989, Colligan was recruited to be the CEO of Authorware, a computer-based learning software provider. In 1992, he co-founded Macromedia, resulting from the merger of Authorware and MacroMind-Paracomp. He served as CEO of Macromedia from 1992 to 1997 and took the company public on NASDAQ in December, 1993. In 1996, Ernst and Young recognized Colligan as the “Software Entrepreneur of the Year.” He served as chairman of the Board of Macromedia until July, 1998.  During Colligan's tenure, Macromedia's annual revenues grew to more than $100 million.  In 2005, Adobe Systems acquired Macromedia for $3.4 billion.Colligan was a partner at Accel Partners from 1998 to 2015, and focused on investments in software, digital media, education, mobile and cloud computing.  He has been an investor and board member at lynda.com (LinkedIn), CNET Networks (CBS Interactive), Brightmail (Symantec), Yodlee (Envestnet), and Days of Wonder (Asmodee).   As part of his investment activities in Monterey, Santa Cruz and San Benito counties, Colligan led the formation of Central Coast Angels in late 2013 to provide capital and mentoring to early-stage businesses in the Monterey Bay region. He is an investor in and advisor to PayStand, Levered Learning, Wheelhouse, Pure Watercraft and Tixr.

 Personal life 
Bud Colligan is married to Rebecca Ann Maliszewski. They live in Santa Cruz, California and have three sons, Daniel, Gregory, and Jesse.

 Philanthropy 
Colligan and his wife Rebecca have engaged in building community welfare over several decades, in healthcare, the arts, education, affordable housing, and environmental protection.

 Recognition 
1996: “Software Entrepreneur of the Year”,  Ernst and Young.
2002: Finalist for the Thomas W. Ford Award for Community Service.
2012:  Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, Gold
2013: Outstanding Director, Silicon Valley Business Journal and San Francisco Business Times.
2013: The John Carroll Award, Georgetown University.
2014:  Ebbie Award for Economic Development, Pacific Community Ventures  
2016:  California Forward Regional Steward Leader 
2021: UCSC Colligan Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory
2022:  Students Serving Students Award, The Georgetown Corp 50th Anniversary

 References 

Time to Pretend
"Time to Pretend" is a song by the American indie band MGMT, released as the lead single from their debut studio album Oracular Spectacular (2007) on March 3, 2008. An earlier version had been released on their Time to Pretend EP. The single was released as a 7" and CD single featuring the B-sides "Weekend Wars" (BBC Radio 1 Session) and "Metanoia", respectively. In early 2009, the song was re-released in the UK. The song was ranked at number 493 on Rolling Stone's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time", and its parent album, Oracular Spectacular, was ranked at number 494 on the publication's additional list of "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time". The song was also ranked at number 90 on NME's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

 Background 
The track was originally recorded for the Time to Pretend EP (2005). It was re-recorded for the Oracular Spectacular album.
From a quote from live at Abbey Road: 

We wrote Time to Pretend our senior year of college, and the music was inspired by a praying mantis we had in our house.  She laid eggs and it died, and we laid the egg case on this kinda model pirate ship on the mantle piece, and the eggs hatched and all these baby praying mantises were climbing up the rigging of the ship, and it was pretty crazy...uhm so the music was inspired by our praying mantis that liked to dance to The Clash {laugh} and the lyrics are just about us imagining being rock stars....and yeah, fantasy rock star life.

 Music video 
The music video for the song contains references to Alejandro Jodorowsky's 1973 film The Holy Mountain  and the 1954 novel Lord of the Flies. The video was directed by Ray Tintori. Tiscali Music gave the video a rating of 10 out of 10.  A 3D version of the video with minor changes to the original was also produced.

 Track listing 

 Reception 
Kevin O'Donnell wrote in Rolling Stone that "Time to Pretend is a space-rock gem that mocks the clichéd coke-and-hookers rock-star lifestyle, over big synth whooshes."The song hit #38 on the Mediabase Alternative chart. Time critic Josh Tyrangiel named Time to Pretend the #8 song of 2008. The song was #3 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008, #4 on NME's Best Singles of 2008, The song was ranked at number 493 on Rolling Stone's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time". NME ranked "Time to Pretend" as the 2nd best song of the 2000s.  In October 2011, NME placed it at number 12 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".

 Charts 

 Weekly charts 

 Year-end charts 

 Certifications 

 Television performances 
MGMT performed the song "Time to Pretend" in a 3.5 minute slot on Late Show with David Letterman on January 8, 2008, ending the performance with a nod to The Doors' "Light My Fire". The song subsequently hit #19 on the Mediabase U.S. Alternative chart. They later performed the song on Late Night with Conan O'Brien on May 15, 2008.  The band returned to Letterman for a 4-minute slot on May 11, 2010.

 In popular culture 

 Television 
"Time to Pretend" has featured in a number of TV shows, including HBO's show Pacquiao-Hatton 24/7, episode 2, which originally aired on April 18, 2009, the Season 1 finale of Gossip Girl on May 19, 2008, and featured prominently at the end of the second series finale of popular UK channel E4's Skins but was later omitted from the DVD release of the series due to issues acquiring the rights. It was also featured in the series premiere of 90210 on September 2, 2008 and in the pilot episode of HBO's Girls and the pilot episode of The Magicians. It has also appeared in ITV's live coverage of Champions League football. "Time to Pretend" was also used on the Argentine TV show Exitosos Pells, showing bloopers from the series. The song was also used in the series The Revolution Will Be Televised. It was also featured in the season one finale of The Imperfects.

 Film 
"Time to Pretend" has been used in the 2008 films (or in the trailers for) Sex Drive, How to Lose Friends & Alienate People and 21, an early trailer for the Tim Burton film Alice in Wonderland, the 2011 film Warrior and the official trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming. The song (in a "Super Clean Version" that censors the profanity and drug references) was also featured on the soundtrack of the 2008 film 21. It also appeared in the films Changeland and Sex Drive. It is played when Oliver, Felix, Venetia, and Farleigh are shown back and forth in scenes of them having fun and hanging out in the 2023 movie Saltburn.

 Commercials 
The song was the theme music for Manchester-based UK radio station Key 103/Piccadilly Magic 1152's new football show Total Football covering Manchester United and Manchester City games. It was also included in one of HMV's holiday commercials. The song was also used for the Polish TV commercial for the Ferrero SpA Duplo chocolate bar aired from December 2009.

 Video games 
The song was featured in Shaun White Snowboarding, released in November 2008, along with another track from Oracular Spectacular, "Of Moons Birds Monsters". It has also been featured in several skateboarding videos.
The song was featured on the NHL 2K10 soundtrack.
Sections of this song appear in the PlayStation 3 game LittleBigPlanet.
The song and its music video appears on the soundtrack of Guitar Hero Live as part of its GHTV service.

 Covers 
BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge sessions:
Kaiser Chiefs, September 2008
Paolo Nutini, November 2009
Leddra Chapman - BBC Radio 2 Janice Long live session, January 2010 
Jón Þór Birgisson from Sigur Rós, March 2010
Broderick Smith and Patience Hodgson (of The Grates) performed a duet of the song live on the RocKwiz Episode 74 in January 2009.
Covered by Sunday Girl, premiering on her YouTube channel in August 2010.
Covered by Neil Hannon of The Divine Comedy for Dermot O'Leary's BBC Radio 2 Saturday Sessions 2010.
Covered by Anthony Jasmin during the final of the seventh season of the Danish version of X Factor.
Covered by The Reach, single released October 2015
Cover by Kiki and Herb as the opening song of their 2016 cabaret show Kiki & Herb: Seeking Asylum! at Joe's Pub.
Sampled by Sigala and James Arthur in their 2020 single Lasting Lover
Covered by Black Country, New Road in 2021. It was later included in the band's Never Again EP.
Covered by Charlie Hickey in 2023.

 Remixes 
The Welsh drum and bass artist High Contrast produced a drum and bass remix of "Time to Pretend". This remix was featured on Radio 1 during the Sub Focus Essential Mix of 25 April 2009.

 References 

 External links 
"Time to Pretend" Music video on YouTube

Paul Giamatti
Paul Edward Valentine Giamatti ( JEE-ə-MAH-tee; born June 6, 1967) is an American actor. His accolades include a Primetime Emmy Award and three Golden Globes, as well as nominations for two Academy Awards and a British Academy Film Award. 
After studying acting at the Yale School of Drama he performed in numerous theatrical productions. Giamatti made his Broadway debut portraying Ezra Chater in the Tom Stoppard play Arcadia (1995). Later that year he played the Rev. Donald "Streaky" Bacon in the David Hare play Racing Demon (1995). He returned to theatre in the revivals of Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters (1997) and Eugene O'Neill's The Iceman Cometh (1999).   
Giamatti's breakout role in film was in Private Parts (1997), which led to supporting roles in My Best Friend's Wedding (1997), Saving Private Ryan (1998), and Man on the Moon (1999). He won acclaim for his leading roles in American Splendor (2003), Sideways (2004), Win Win (2011), and Private Life (2018). He has also acted in The Illusionist (2006), Fred Claus (2007), The Ides of March (2011), 12 Years a Slave (2013), and Saving Mr. Banks (2013). He also portrayed Limbo in Planet of the Apes (2001), Eugene Landy in Love & Mercy (2014) and Jerry Heller in Straight Outta Compton (2015). He earned a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Joe Gould in Cinderella Man (2005) and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as  disgruntled teacher Paul Hunham in The Holdovers (2023).
On television, Giamatti played the title role in the HBO miniseries John Adams (2008), which earned him acclaim and several awards including a Primetime Emmy and Golden Globe. He starred as U.S. Attorney Chuck Rhoades Jr in the Showtime television series Billions (2016–2023), and earned Emmy nominations for his roles as Ben Bernanke in the HBO film Too Big to Fail (2011), and Harold Levinson in the PBS series Downton Abbey (2013).

 Early life and education 
Paul Edward Valentine Giamatti was born June 6, 1967, in New Haven, Connecticut, the youngest of three children. His father, Angelo Bartlett Giamatti, was a Yale University professor who later became president of the university and later commissioner of Major League Baseball. His mother, Toni Marilyn Giamatti (née Smith), was a homemaker and English teacher who taught at the Hopkins School and had also previously acted.His paternal grandfather's family were Italian emigrants from Telese Terme; the family surname was originally spelled "Giammattei" (Italian pronunciation: [dʒammatˈtɛi]) before immigrating to the United States. His paternal grandmother had deep roots in New England, dating back to the colonial era. Giamatti's brother, Marcus, is also an actor, and his sister, Elena, was a jewelry designer.
Giamatti was first educated at The Foote School and later graduated from Choate Rosemary Hall in 1985. He attended Yale, where he was active in the undergraduate theater scene and worked with fellow actors and Yale students Ron Livingston and Edward Norton. He graduated in 1989 with a bachelor's degree in English and went on to earn a master of fine arts degree from the Yale School of Drama, where he studied with Earle R. Gister. He performed in numerous theatrical productions, including on Broadway and a stint from 1989 to 1992 with Seattle's Annex Theater, before appearing in some small television and film roles in the early 1990s.In 2023, Giamatti was awarded an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from Yale.

 Career 

 1989–2002: Early roles 
He made his television debut in the ABC made for television film She'll Take Romance (1990). After minor roles in the neo-noir Past Midnight (1991) and the romantic comedy Singles (1992) he acted in Woody Allen's comedy film Mighty Aphrodite (1995) and Sydney Pollack's romantic comedy remake Sabrina (1995). That same year in March, he made his Broadway debut in Tom Stoppard's Arcadia portraying Ezra Chater. Vincent Canby describe the role as being "a helplessly funny subsidiary" one. In November he portrayed The Rev. Donald Bacon in David Hare's  Racing Demon. Both of these productions took place at the Lincoln Center Theater. 
In 1997, Giamatti landed his first high-profile role as Kenny "Pig Vomit" Rushton in the film adaptation of Howard Stern's Private Parts. Stern praised Giamatti's performance often on his radio program, calling for him to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times described Giamatti's performance as being "well played". That same year he reunited with Woody Allen, acting in the comedy Deconstructing Harry (1997). He also took a small but memorable role as Richard the Bellman in the Julia Roberts-led romantic comedy My Best Friend's Wedding (1997). That same year he returned to Broadway, playing Andrei Prozorov in the revival of Anton Chekov's Three Sisters. Greg Evans of Variety wrote, "[Giamatti,] as the sisters’ pensive, dispirited brother Andrei, plays urban neurosis like a Richard Lewis stand-up routine, then slides into shaky-voiced melodrama when the going gets tough".In 1998, Giamatti appeared in a number of supporting roles in the big-budget films including Peter Weir's drama The Truman Show, Steven Spielberg's World War II drama Saving Private Ryan, and the action thriller The Negotiator. In 1999, he played Bob Zmuda and Tony Clifton in Miloš Forman's Andy Kaufman biopic, Man on the Moon. Giamatti continued working steadily during the early 2000s by appearing in major studio releases including Duets (2000), Big Momma's House (2000), Planet of the Apes (2001) and Big Fat Liar (2002). 

 2003–2015: Established actor 
In 2003, Giamatti began to earn critical acclaim after his lead role in the film American Splendor. In 2004, Giamatti gained mainstream recognition and fame with the independent romantic comedy Sideways. His portrayal of a depressed writer vacationing in the Santa Barbara wine country garnered him a Golden Globe nomination and an Independent Spirit Award and he was named Best Actor in a Leading Role by several significant film critics groups (New York, Chicago, Toronto, San Francisco, Online Film Critics).
Following the commercial success of Sideways, Giamatti appeared in Cinderella Man, for which he earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. He was nominated for a Golden Globe and won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Supporting Actor - Motion Picture. In 2006, Giamatti was the lead in M. Night Shyamalan's Lady in the Water, a supernatural thriller, followed by the animated film The Ant Bully, and Neil Burger's drama The Illusionist co-starring Edward Norton.

Giamatti had his first major role in an action movie in the 2007 film Shoot 'Em Up, while starring in The Nanny Diaries and Fred Claus. In 2008, Giamatti received an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie for his title performance in the 2008 HBO miniseries John Adams, as well as his first Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Miniseries or Television Film, and also earned a Screen Actors Guild award. Barry Garron of The Hollywood Reporter praised his performance, writing "Giamatti is brilliant as Adams. He is fearless in his portrayal, confident that the character’s all-consuming sacrifices for his fledgling nation will more than compensate for his numerous character flaws". William Thomas of Empire agreed, adding "The acting, especially from Giamatti as the irascible Adams and Laura Linney as his wife Abigail, who steered him clear of vanity...has the tang of authenticity, even when burdened with great gulps of politicking". That same year, he starred in the independent film Pretty Bird, which is a fictionalized retelling about the drama behind the invention of a rocketbelt.Giamatti received his second Golden Globe win for Best Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy for his role in the 2010 film, Barney's Version. The Associated Press praised Giamatti, describing it as "pitch perfect", adding, "the picture undoubtedly will draw kudos in its home and native land and likely beyond, buoyed by that virtuouso Giamatti performance". Giamatti starred as the lead in the comedy-drama film Win Win, which earned positive reviews from critics. Scott Tobias of NPR wrote of his performance, "By now, the Giamatti persona has been well-defined — exasperation and despair, tempered by mordant wit—but the actor's every performance is like a snowflake, and here McCarthy provides him a role that's subtly down-to-earth". The same year he had small roles in Ironclad, The Hangover Part II and The Ides of March.
In 2012, Giamatti became the voiceover actor for Liberty Mutual insurance commercials. He was the narrator for the PBS Nature episode An Original DUCKumentary. Giamatti produced and starred in John Dies at the End, which is based on the book of the same name. He also had roles in the films Rock of Ages and Cosmopolis.
In 2013, Giamatti returned to his alma mater, Yale University, to perform the title role in Shakespeare's Hamlet, for which he won rave reviews in a sold-out, modern dress stage production of the play at the Yale Repertory Theatre in New Haven. He also had supporting roles in several films, including the animated Turbo and The Congress, as well as Parkland, Saving Mr. Banks, and the critically acclaimed 12 Years a Slave. In addition, Giamatti played the role of New Yorker Harold Levinson, the brother of Cora, the Countess of Grantham (Elizabeth McGovern), in the 2013 Christmas special of the period drama, ITV Studios/Carnival Films television series, Downton Abbey. For his performance he received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series nomination.
In 2014, Giamatti played villain The Rhino in The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Also in 2014, Giamatti portrayed psychologist Eugene Landy in the Brian Wilson biopic Love & Mercy. In 2015, Giamatti portrayed N.W.A manager Jerry Heller in the biographical drama Straight Outta Compton. He also played a scientist in the disaster film San Andreas.

 Since 2016 
From 2016 to 2023, Giamatti played a lead role in the Showtime series Billions, portraying the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. The show, debuting in 2016, is loosely based on a real event. For the role he received a nomination for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series. In 2016, Giamatti began appearing in commercials for Prism TV, the IPTV service owned by CenturyLink; the spots are the first-ever on-camera TV commercial appearances for Giamatti. In 2022, Giamatti appeared as Scrooge and Einstein in Verizon commercials. He served as an executive producer of the WGN America series Outsiders (2016-2017). He also lent his voice to BoJack Horseman, Rick and Morty and Big Mouth.
In 2018 he starred in the Tamara Jenkins directed film Private Life, acting alongside Kathryn Hahn. The film, distributed by Netflix, received positive reviews. Alissa Wilkinson of Vox praised the performances of the two leads, writing "Hahn and Giamatti bring their characteristic warmth-with-an-edge to their characters, and as their relationship unpacks itself onscreen, it feels authentic and lived-in". That same year he acted in Reed Morano's post-apocalyptic romance drama I Think We're Alone Now and portrayed Samuel Goudsmit in the war film The Catcher Was a Spy. He returned to film in 2021, acting in the action thriller Gunpowder Milkshake and the family adventure film Jungle Cruise.
He reunited with Alexander Payne in the coming-of-age film The Holdovers (2023), which premiered at the Telluride Film Festival. The film, distributed by Focus Features, received positive reviews, with critics praising Giamatti's performance as a curmudgeonly teacher. Pete Hammond of Deadline Hollywood declared, "Giamatti, who so memorably starred in Payne’s 2004 Sideways, has never been better", adding "this is perfect casting for Giamatti." For his performance in The Holdovers, Giamatti won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actor.

 Wax Paul Now campaign 
Giamatti is the subject of the viral "Wax Paul Now" campaign, which pushes for the actor to get a Madame Tussauds wax statue in his likeness. The movement first achieved national prominence when Giamatti appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert and discussed the campaign with host Stephen Colbert. After this and subsequent articles in BuzzFeed and The A.V. Club among others, Madame Tussauds New York announced that they would host a party in Giamatti's honor to coincide with the premiere of Billions Season 3 on March 25, 2018, at which the founders of the Wax Paul Now movement would speak.Tussauds announced that if a Change.org petition garnered 500,000 signatures in the nine days leading up to the party, they would agree to create the wax statue of Giamatti. As the petition was unable to garner enough signatures in time, the Wax Paul Now campaign is still ongoing. A short film chronicling the campaign premiered at the Virginia Film Festival in October 2019.

 Personal life 
Giamatti resides in the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York and was married to Elizabeth Cohen from 1997 to an undisclosed date in the 2000s. They have a son, Samuel. Though not religious, he stated: "My wife is Jewish. And I'm fine with my son being raised as a Jew". Giamatti is an atheist, although for him "religion features more now in my life than it did when I was a kid".

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Theatre 

 Video games 

 Audiobooks 

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 

Paul Giamatti at IMDb 
Paul Giamatti at the Internet Broadway Database 
Paul Giamatti at the Internet Off-Broadway Database 
Paul Giamatti at Emmys.com
Paul Giamatti: 'I'm clearly not Brad Pitt,' The Guardian, Oliver Burkeman, November 12, 2009

Golden Boy (1939 film)
Golden Boy is a 1939 American drama romance sports film directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Barbara Stanwyck, Adolphe Menjou and William Holden. It is based on the 1937 play of the same title by Clifford Odets.

 Plot 
Young, promising violinist Joe Bonaparte (William Holden) is in financial difficulties and decides to earn money as a boxer, though he will risk hand injuries. His father, Mr. Bonaparte senior (Lee J. Cobb), wants his son to continue developing his musical talent and buys him an expensive violin for his 21st birthday. But Joe persuades the almost bankrupt manager Tom Moody (Adolph Menjou) to let him try his hand at boxing and wins match after match. When his conscience starts bothering him and he questions his decision to enter boxing, Lorna Moon (Barbara Stanwyck), Moody's girl, is dispatched to convince him to keep fighting. Gangster Eddie Fuseli (Joseph Calleia) tries to get a piece of the action and buys Moody's share, turning the formerly sweet Joe into a hard-hearted boxer. Joe enters the semi-final match against Chocolate Drop (James “Cannonball” Green) determined to win, but when he knocks out his opponent in the second round, killing him, both his and Lorna's attitudes change. He retires from boxing and returns with Lorna to his father and his music.

 Cast 
The cast included:
Barbara Stanwyck as Lorna Moon
Adolphe Menjou as Tom Moody
William Holden as Joe Bonaparte
Lee J. Cobb as Mr. Bonaparte
Joseph Calleia as Eddie Fuseli
Sam Levene as Siggie
Edward Brophy as Roxy Lewis (credited as Edward S. Brophy)
Beatrice Blinn as Anna
William H. Strauss as Mr. Carp
Don Beddoe as BorneoJames "Cannonball" Green plays Chocolate Drop, Joe's final opponent, in an uncredited role.

 Production 
In 1938, Columbia purchased the rights to Odets' play for $100,000, intending to produce a film starring Jean Arthur and directed by Frank Capra. Actors considered for the role of Joe Bonaparte included John Garfield, Elia Kazan, Richard Carlson, and Tyrone Power. However, director Rouben Mamoulian expressed interest in Holden after seeing his screen test, and convinced Columbia to purchase 50 percent of Holden's contract from Paramount Pictures. Golden Boy was Holden's first starring role and jumpstarted his career.The producers were initially unhappy with Holden's work and tried to dismiss him, but Stanwyck insisted that he be retained. Thirty-nine years later, when Holden and Stanwyck were joint presenters at the 1978 Academy Awards, he interrupted their reading of a nominee list to publicly thank her for saving his career. In 1982, Stanwyck returned the favor during her acceptance speech for an Honorary Oscar at the 1982 Academy Award ceremony, saying of Holden, who had died in an accident a few months earlier: "I loved him very much, and I miss him. He always wished that I would get an Oscar. And so tonight, my golden boy, you got your wish".Playwright Clifford Odets was reportedly displeased at the many changes made in the film from his original play, partly due to the Motion Picture Production Code and partly to the rewritten ending. Whereas the play ended with Joe and Lorna deciding to escape their problems and being killed in a car accident, the film closes with Joe and Lorna deciding to return to Joe's home together.The climactic boxing scene was filmed on location at Madison Square Garden in New York City.

 Accolades 
The score by Victor Young was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score.

 Adaptations 
On January 7, 1940, Stanwyck performed a parody of Golden Boy on The Jack Benny Program.The 1947 film Body and Soul was partly based on Golden Boy.

 Identification of murder suspect 
Irving "Gangy" Cohen, one of the alleged hitmen employed by the Murder, Inc. organized crime syndicate, was identified by chief prosecution witness Abraham Levine when Levine attended a screening of Golden Boy and spotted Cohen in one of the ringside crowd scenes. Following the murder of racketeer Walter Sage in 1937 in the Catskills, Cohen had fled to California and obtained bit parts in films.  Cohen was brought to trial and acquitted on June 21, 1940.

 See also 
List of boxing films

 References 

 External links 

Golden Boy at IMDb 
Golden Boy at the TCM Movie Database
Golden Boy at the American Film Institute Catalog

Naheed Nenshi
Naheed Kurban Nenshi (born February 2, 1972) is a Canadian politician who was the 36th mayor of Calgary, Alberta. He was elected in the 2010 municipal election with 39% of the vote, and is the first Muslim mayor of a large North American city. He was re-elected in 2013 with 74% of the vote and again re-elected in 2017 to a third term with 51% of the vote. After serving three terms as mayor, he did not seek re-election in the 2021 Calgary municipal election, and was succeeded by Jyoti Gondek.

 Early life, education, and career 
Nenshi was born in Toronto, Ontario, and raised in Calgary. His parents, Kurbanali Hussein and Noorjah, were Ismaili Muslims of Indian Gujarati origin who immigrated to Canada from Tanzania.He was educated at the University of Calgary, serving as President of the Students' Union and receiving a Bachelor of Commerce in 1993, and completed a Master of Public Policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1998. Nenshi worked for McKinsey & Company for several years before starting his own consulting firm 'Ascend Group' which advised non-profit, private and public sector organizations. The firm also advised the United Nations on ways to encourage wealthy corporations to engage in Corporate Citizenship. As a young professional, he developed his administrative capabilities by joining Canada25, a federal networking organization that mentored professionals under 35 of public policy and leadership. Nenshi was a constant debate opponent of Toronto Sun journalist Ezra Levant; Levant later became a recurring critic of Nenshi's policies.In 2002, Nenshi wrote about how cities can retain young professionals and use resources effectively in a publication entitled "Building Up: Making Canada's Cities Engines of Growth and Magnets of Development". In 2006, Nenshi was the chief author for "ImagineCalgary's 100-year plan".
He has co-founded two citizens' groups aimed at improving Calgary's civic government. In 2009, Nenshi was invited to become a founding member of Civic Camp, an active citizenship forum that encourages and enables Calgarians to actively engage and collaborate ideas in civic affairs. He co-founded city hall watch dog group "Better Calgary Campaign".He was an instructor in non-profit management in the Bissett School of Business at Mount Royal University and wrote a regular municipal affairs column for the Calgary Herald.

 Electoral record 

 2010 mayoral election 
Nenshi first ventured into politics in 2004, running unsuccessfully for a seat on Calgary's city council. His 2010 campaign for mayor, dubbed the "Purple Revolution", was uniquely a viral campaign which relied heavily on using social media to promote his platform and hyper-engage voters. According to Nenshi's campaign I.T. specialist Richard Einarson, the name "Purple Revolution" was chosen because the campaign wanted broad appeal across the socio-economic spectrum of liberal red and conservative blue voters.Beside viral campaigning, the volunteer body of "Team Nenshi" were given a great degree of autonomy to exercise creative talent. The team promoted the cause through creative guerrilla marketing tactics such as "Operation Purple Dawn". Nenshi's supporters converged on the city in a mass rally on the evening before election day. They advertised Nenshi by posting signs and writing platform slogans with chalk graffiti on pavement of high traffic locations. Supporters offered their homes as venues for coffee parties where Nenshi spoke to the gathered about his platform. The coffee parties offered a friendly atmosphere for friends to discuss the volatile nature of sensitive political issues without risking their relationships. About 40 parties were held during the campaign.A late September poll showed that his campaign was generating interest as he sat third with eight per cent support, although well behind the leaders, alderman Ric McIver (42%) and local media personality Barb Higgins (28%). His growing popularity led to greater scrutiny of his views, including a public dispute with Calgary Police Service chief Rick Hanson over the cost of policing the city.Days before the election, a Calgary Herald poll showed that Nenshi's grassroots campaign continued to gain momentum as he had 30 per cent support among decided voters, placing him in a statistical tie with McIver and Higgins. He polled the strongest amongst younger voters, believed to be the result of his social media campaign. Nenshi's surge in popularity carried through to the election, when he earned 40 per cent of the vote, finishing nearly 28,000 votes ahead of second-placed McIver.Being a Shia Ismaili, Nenshi became the first Muslim to become mayor of a major Canadian city. His win was viewed as a breakthrough for the use of social media as an election tool, and when considered with his faith and background, made international headlines. His election is seen as major signal of the shift in Albertan politics and the demography of Calgary. He engaged voters with a mutual two-way dialogue as "politics in full sentences".

 Vandalism and email attacks 
On September 11, 2010, 20 of Nenshi's campaign advertisements in the city were vandalized or destroyed and a brick was thrown through one of his campaign office's windows. The attacks, which commemorated the ninth anniversary of the September 11 attacks in New York City, were accompanied by a series of racially antagonistic emails. They were therefore widely assumed to be racially motivated.

 2013 mayoral election 

 2013 mayoral campaign 
During this fundraising Gala, Nenshi issued a challenge to his opponents to confront him directly and not to engage him in a proxy campaign of lobbying as he warns his supporters that his opponents will likely engage in.In September 2013 when Nenshi's campaign began in earnest, he revealed the donors of his campaign before the election and urged his opponents to do likewise. Nenshi promised to instigate changes to improve the transparency of City Hall's municipal affairs as one of his 2010 campaign statements. According to the documents Nenshi's 1631 supporters derive from a wide range of core supporters. Among Nenshi's larger contributors were contractors from the housing construction industry, which according to Nenshi indicates that not all among the trade were antagonistic to Nenshi's anti-urban sprawl policies enacted early in his term.

 Abolition of developer subsidy 
For his campaign platform, Nenshi proposed to abolish the $4,800 granted to home builders, aiming to save the city $33 million per annum. According to Nenshi, the subsidy over a decade contributed to the municipal debt of $1.5 billion. Nenshi wanted free market factors to take hold of the housing market and developers to contribute to funding infrastructure to far-reaching suburbs by paying levies. The Manning Centre for Building Democracy supported the motion as supporting free market principles. The group however believed developers should pay slightly increased taxes as long as inner city communities equally also contribute their share of growth costs.

 International Avenue business redevelopment zone 
In October 2013, Nenshi and Councillors Andre Chabot and Gian-Carlo Carra proposed to realize a 2008 plan by then-Mayor Dave Bronconnier to redevelop International Avenue (17th Ave SE) as a vital transportation hub. Since inception of the plan in 2010, the project has been delayed due to costs. The plan incorporates a C-train line and rapid bus lanes, proposed in Calgary Transit's 'Route Ahead' plan. As well, the revitalization incorporates urban renewal projects like renovated apartments and business buildings. Carra studied the circumstances for Forest Lawn's urban decay and planned the neighborhood's restoration as his master thesis. Carra explained that the neighbourhood had not been adequately integrated since it was incorporated into the city of Calgary in 1961.

 2017 mayoral election 

Nenshi indicated his intention to run for a 3rd term on November 4, 2016. On October 16, 2017, Nenshi won a third term winning over 50% of the vote. The third election has been wrought with controversy as select neighbourhoods ran out of ballots and waiting lines to vote were hours long, resulting in lost votes.
On April 6, 2021, Nenshi announced that he would not seek re-election for a 4th term in the 2021 Calgary municipal election. The election was won by councillor Jyoti Gondek.

 Mayoralty 

 Positions 
In 2013, Nenshi supported the proposed Keystone XL pipeline network. He explained that opposition and protests were foolish as the pipe network could mitigate environmental damage caused from the transport of oil.In 2014, Nenshi refused to present musician Neil Young with a Calgary White Hat, a traditional token of the city's hospitality to prominent guests. Nenshi stated that he did not normally present honours to entertainers. Young was performing his Honour the Treaties benefit tour to raise legal funds on behalf of the Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation. The ACFN is appealing government approval to expand fracking on their territory.In 2014, Nenshi delivered a speech to the Calgary Economic Development speakers' series on diversity. Nenshi explained that there was a lack of ethnic and gender diversity among senior city staff. Nenshi stated that although the city had an excellent record hiring minorities and women they may experience a ceiling to promotions and advancement.In 2017 Calgary, as with many municipalities in Western Canada, recorded an increase in the number overdoses and fatalities related to an opioid epidemic. During conference of Canadian mayors, Nenshi invited the federal government to use Calgary as a test city to implement harm reductionist pilot projects and gather research unique to Calgary's needs.Although Nenshi's second term council voted to end addition of fluoride to Calgary's drinking water, he personally supports water fluoridation. He does however support more depth in the research literature related to municipal water fluoridation. Calgary has undertaken five plebiscites on water fluoridation, initially voting in favour of the practice in 1998. In 2016, the city council rejected a call for another vote, but in January 2019, Ward 11 Councillor Jeromy Farkas requested a report on the history and cost of water fluoridation from the city administration in preparation for a possible 2021 plebiscite.

 Relationship with housing industry 
Nenshi's policies of exercising greater city control over urban growth to manage urban sprawl is one of his key campaign promises. As expected, Nenshi's council has regularly collided with key associations of Calgary's housing industry. Frictions between the Nenshi council and key housing industry associations are an ongoing, overlapping, and escalating affair. Grievances continuously surfaced during the 2013 election, for example the "Cal Wenzel video", rumour-mongering about a pro-development slated council, and upcoming Wenzel slander lawsuit of 2014.Early in 2013, Nenshi's council suspended relations with the Calgary branch of the Canadian Home Builders' Association. The CHBA as a result was banned briefly from attending planning sessions. This action was conducted after the Calgary branch president Charron Ungar commented that the city was enacting a policy of "suburban freeze". Ungar commented upon a city plan which scheduled two suburb developments within 10 years.Nenshi declared that the CHBA and the Urban Development Institute (UDI) were representing the housing industry poorly after a controversial article was published by the UDI. The article suggested that minorities might not find suburban living comfortable. Nenshi suspended relations with the UDI soon after the article was published. Nenshi also felt that it was more expedient for the city to deal directly with the construction industry.

 Cal Wenzel housing lobby video 
In 2013, a video was leaked of Cal Wenzel, the CEO and founder of Shane Homes, speaking to panel of Calgarian home builders about a plan to influence the decisions of the city council after the upcoming elections. In the video Wenzel spoke of plans to raise $1.1 million to enlist the support of Preston Manning's conservative foundation the Manning Centre for Building Democracy. According to the speech, former Mayor Dave Bronconnier counselled Wenzel on how to control council motions with eight votes. “So for whatever and however, we have to ensure that we end up with the eight votes.” Wenzel proposed as a solution to circumvent direct confrontation with Nenshi's popularity. Wenzel named councillors the industry could rely on to support motions in favour of the lobby and he supported with donations. Nenshi has ordered a probe into what he described as distasteful and shadowy possible violations of electoral laws. In the wake of the release of this video, and violations of campaign fund limits set at $5,000, the Manning Centre has come under scrutiny.In late 2013, Wenzel filed a $6 million slander lawsuit against Nenshi after he stated that Nenshi did not apologize after sufficient time given. Wenzel stated that his reputation was tarnished and he was vilified as a subject of political opportunism during Nenshi and his allied counselor's platform campaigning. Wenzel stated that his comments in the video were taken out of context and manipulated by Nenshi to promote an agenda. Wenzel also complained of Nenshi tentatively comparing him to 'Godfather', as a reference to the titular character of Mario Puzo's novel and screenplay The Godfather. Nenshi in an interview with David Gray, host of CBC Radio's Calgary Eyeopener, described the meeting as scene from the film The Godfather. When asked to clarify if called Wenzel the "Godfather", Nenshi ambiguously responded "maybe". The two reached an out-of-court settlement in December 2015, under which Nenshi agreed to apologize for and retract several comments he had made, while Wenzel expressed regret for any harm done to Nenshi's reputation and agreed that Nenshi has raised legitimate concerns about the potential chilling effect of lawsuits against politicians. Nenshi's legal bill of nearly $300,000 was paid by donations.

 Calgary-Tsuu T'ina Nation relationships 
Throughout his term, Nenshi has met extensively with Chief Roy Whitney leader of neighbouring Tsuu T'ina Nation, and former Chief Sandford Big Plume to discuss matters of mutual assistance with growth.
In 2011, Nenshi and Big Plume negotiated tentative agreements to ensure the security of greater access safety services such as emergency medical services, police, and fire.The city agreed to provide utilities, such as water, to support the expansion of the Grey Eagle Casino, possibly allowing water works extension throughout the Tsuu T'ina community in the future.

 Public works and infrastructure projects 
Soon after assuming the office, Nenshi's council implemented many developments to revitalize Calgary's viability with capital infrastructure projects, such as redevelopment of the East Village neighbourhood with the New Central Library and the National Music Centre. Through a partnership with the local arts community, the city will preserve the historic King Edward School as an arts hub. Funding for these projects will mainly draw upon the Community Investment Fund, a fund created from tax revenue sources such as a $42 million annual refund from the provincial governmentThe goals of urban revitalization are planned to be realized through initiatives such as Supporting Partnership for Urban Reinvestment (SPUR). Nenshi's council debuted SPUR's pilot project as the restoration of the Kingsland neighborhood. The city solicited feedback from the community and expects to budget $230,000. The project was delayed until August by the floods of 2013.
The Nenshi administration completed capital public works projects approved by his predecessor Dave Bronconnier, including the westerly extension of the C-Train line, Peace Bridge, and the construction of a traffic tunnel to the Calgary International Airport, which has been completed.Nenshi's council voted to discontinue fluoridating Calgary's water supply in February 2011.As part of his campaign, Nenshi advocated to legalize "secondary housing" as a solution to housing shortage. A proposed bylaw is intended to create standardized safety requirements for the estimated 10,000–40,000 secondary suites which exist in the city. As one of the last decisions of Nenshi's term in 2013, the city motioned to waive the $4,485 application fee for rezoning of secondary suites. However, the decision will have to be brought into effect during the next government's term.In 2013 the city approved a project to convert a block of derelict heritage buildings adjacent to the Central United Church into a first-of-its-kind robotic carpark. The facility will accommodate 338 cars and incorporate the renovated buildings, which the managing firm agrees to restore. Nenshi states this will improve the aesthetics of the eyesore skid row-like buildings. The project is planned to be self-funding as Calgary firm Heritage Property Corporation will attempt to raise the $40 million through private investment.Nenshi ordered an investigation to find cost-effective solutions for a sanitary capacity issues affecting residents of northwest Calgary. If the $50 million expansion of the at-capacity Bowness sanitary line is not implemented, development in new and established communities in the quadrant may be delayed until 2017. The sanitary line also provides the town of Cochrane, contributing to the strain.Nenshi expressed distaste of the free-standing public art project entitled the "Travelling Light" completed in 2013. He described the work as "awful and not the best use of tax dollars". The sculpture was sited along Airport Trail and drivers could not appreciate the "Big O" according to Nenshi. Travelling Light is described as a balanced 17-metre circle ring topped with balanced street lights. The motif of Travelling Light is supposed to represent transportation. The sculpture cost Calgary $471,000 and was paid through a grant from the Public Art Program, which reserves 1% of the annual budget for public art projects. The sculpture approved because of Nenshi's art initiative where a percentage of all city work had to be allocated to art. Travelling Light's submission was from a German artist, although three submissions were from Calgarians.

 City consultation with environmental research group 
In 2013, Sun Media journalist Ezra Levant said the city of Calgary contracted $340,000 to Pembina which he accused of being an anti-oil lobby group with insufficient scientific credentials.Sun Media journalist Renato Gandia mentioned the Pembina Institute's contracts in an article with the headline "Mayor Naheed Nenshi says work done by left-leaning Pembina Institute think tank was not political in nature". Nenshi said it would be reasonable to hire the "best guy" regardless of personal political values.
The affair concluded with a Twitter argument when Nenshi responded to Levant's questioning. Levant questioned Nenshi about the ethics of city funds going to Pembina, if Pembina staff had worked on or donated to Nenshi's political campaigns. Nenshi responded by asking Levant rhetorically 'when did you stop beating your wife?'

 Enmax 
Nenshi ordered a corruption graft probe into the finances of city-owned utility company Enmax after an unknown senior employee revealed lavish spending by former Enmax CEO Gary Holden in 2010 in an email report. Holden was reported to have organized extravagant house celebrations entertained by rock stars, using Calgarian taxpayers' funds. Holden also gradually raised his salary from $700,000 to $2.7 million Holden resigned in 2011 after CBC News revealed a business trip to Monaco in 2008. Holden was a guest of German software company SAP and conducted business and watched the Monaco Grand Prix. Holden violated Enmax ethics policy to disclose incidents of gifts over $100. Holden earned the 5th place distinction of Forbes top 10 CEO screw ups for 2010. By the terms of contract Holden was granted a significant severance pay of $4.6 million.Prior to the 2010 election, mayoral candidates McIver and Nenshi debated the justification for extravagant privileges of senior Enmax staff in their debates. Candidate Nenshi warned that Enmax was a city-run company and funds were taxpayers'. McIver described Enmax as an "Air of Entitlement". In 2011, in the wake of Holden's resignation, Nenshi's council and Enmax's board implemented reforms such as decreasing the salaries of senior staff, and a higher meritorious standard for bonuses. Enmax hired new management and a new CEO Gianna Manes, who is experienced in mass project completion such as the Shepard Energy Centre for which Holden advocated.In 2011, Nenshi performed the ground breaking ceremony for Enmax's Shepard Energy Centre, a natural gas power plant capable of generating 800MW, more than half the electrical needs of Calgary. The facility was announced fully operational on March 11, 2015. The facility is described as Calgary's biggest project and cost $1.4 billion. Nenshi's council approved of the project which was planned during Bronconnier's term. The Shepard Energy Centre is connected to the Albertan power grid.

 Public works of second term 
Nenshi's council granted $5.5 million to build the 200-seat "Decidedly Jazz Danceworks Dance Centre" in the Belt Line neighbourhood. The new facility will address the expansion requirements of the Decidedly Jazz dance academy. The council decided that the facility would address the need to provide a permanent venue for the distinguished academy that served Calgary for many years. According to Nenshi, the facility will also help to fill the need in Calgary for more performing arts venues. Nenshi also hopes that this development would help stimulate development in the Beltline.

 Transportation 
The city constructed its first of many bicycle lanes in the downtown core. By 2020, it is estimated that the city will have 30 km of cycle lanes. In 2014, a plan will be submitted to begin to extend the network and enact a bylaw.In late 2013, the city has entered into speculative agreement with the Tsuu T'ina to resume negotiating the extension of Stoney Trail through a portion of Tsuu T'ina land for a ring road. The band members were to vote in a referendum in October of the same year to decide on the issue. The city was in negotiations for over 50 years, with the last proposal in 2009 being rejected. Nenshi described the proposal as "win-win-win", however, should the band decide to ratify the agreement, construction won't commence for two years. On October 24, 2013, Tsuu T'ina tribe members voted in a referendum to permit the construction of the ring road on their territory. In exchange for 450 hectares of land, the nation will be compensated with 2,150 hectares of Crown land to expand their territories. The nation will also receive $340 million.

 Calgary Transit 
Calgary Transit presented Nenshi's administration with the "RouteAhead" plan for review. The plan calls for $13 billion to be invested over 30 years to expand and upgrade Calgary Transit's capabilities, for which funding is still pending. To address the problem of congestion of rush hour ridership, the city is upgrading busy C-train platforms to accommodate four-car trains. The city council has approved $200 million for the acquisition of 60 new four-car trains to replace obsolete U2 units which have served Calgary Transit since 1981. It is expected that the increased frequency of the trains will relieve crowded and full trains.Nenshi abolished the $3 park-and-ride fees to encourage more commuters to use Calgary's Public Transit.
Later, the decision was made to charge a $70 monthly fee for reserved parking.

 Relationship with Canadian Pacific Railway 
After Canadian Pacific Railway (CP) cancelled an environmental study of the expansion of Alyth train yard, the city approved to continue funding the study environmental impact the yard causes the residents of adjacent Inglewood and Ramsay neighborhoods. Nenshi attacked Canadian Pacific over the reassignment of the company's night crew. The company decided to close the 'Locomotive Reliability Centre' of the Alyth train yard. Transport Canada ordered it to relocate 400m away, as residents complained of the noise.Nenshi rebuked CP over the collapse of the 101-year-old Bonnybrook Bridge. The bridge was weakened by the 2013 Alberta floods, as its structural supports were washed away by surging flood waters. He blamed a massive layoff prior to the accident for lax inspection standards and called for cities to have greater management of CP affairs within their cities.Nenshi and CP agreed to improve communication in the future and improve relationships after several cars transporting petroleum derailed in late September 2013.

 Social initiatives and amendments to bylaws 
The Nenshi administration initiated many programs to improve civic administration and clarify transparency of city political affairs, organized around themes such as "transforming government" and "cutting red tape". These initiatives are intended to improve the business and quality of life for Calgarians. The Cutting red tape initiative was estimated to have saved Calgarians 33,000 in hours and $1.12 million in productivity. Nenshi sought the advice of Calgarians for further feedback and ideas of how to make city services easier to access in 2012 for its third phase of cutting red tape.The term alderman was changed to the gender-neutral councillor.In 2011, Nenshi was advised by civil advocacy group Civic Camp to challenge the citizens of Calgary with an initiative to personally take responsibility and encourage their neighbours do three things to improve their community for '3 Things for Calgary Program'.In 2013, Nenshi implemented the 'Enough for All' program to half the demographic of 50,000 Calgarians living in poverty by 2023. The plan doesn't call for more spending, but to uncover and administer effective solutions to connect disadvantaged Calgarians with resources and the community. Nenshi made implementing this solution as one of his campaign promises.
The town of Airdrie passed an anti-bullying bylaw that was advocated by Airdrie teen Mackenzie Murphy in 2013 after she survived a suicide attempt in December 2012. She was persecuted for two years by online bullying and at school as her classmates suggested that she should kill herself. Airdrie Mayor Peter Brown, who was sympathetic to her distress, tasked his council to investigate the legal precedence to enact the bylaws.She hopes to meet Nenshi to advocate for similar laws in Calgary and spread public awareness of bullying. Nenshi and Premier Redford expressed interest in her activism. Nenshi Chief of staff Chima Nkemdirim, suggests that Nenshi is open to dialog should she decide to take the initiative by scheduling an appointment.In 2013, the city council enacted a bylaw banning smoking in playgrounds and other places where family and children play.The length of council terms was extended from three years to four years.

 Calgary Police and crime 
Continuing on a downward trend of violent crimes since 1991, Calgary's together with Canada's crime rate has dropped. As of 2013 the national crime rate has dropped below levels since 1971. It is unknown what has caused the decline in violent crimes; however, Statistics Canada analyst Mary Allen correlates that communities with higher standards of socio-economic conditions tend to have low crime rates. Many other urban areas have experienced similar decreases in crime rates, and recent studies suggest this may primarily be due to decreased environmental levels of lead. Calgary has experienced significant percentage drops since 2011, such as a 23% drop in robberies. In 2012 Calgary's Crime Severity Index of 60.5 is below the national rating of 75.In 2013, community service groups and the Calgary Police Service banded together to form the Safe Communities Opportunity and Resource Centre (SCORCe) as a cooperative effort to improve effective services for vulnerable Calgarians. Nenshi opened the centre in a ceremony.
In September 2013, the city extended the contract of Police Chief Rick Hanson until 2017. Nenshi credits his leadership as a factor for Calgary's low crime fortunes.

 Enterprise and financial initiatives 
The city created the Community Investment Fund to grant $252 million between 2012 and 2016 to renovate and construct new Calgarian public recreation and community facilities such as libraries. The fund provides funding for community groups to renovate their facilities that provide services to Calgarians. The fund is composed from major sources such as annual rebate of $42 million from the Alberta government, $4 million from GST refund, and $150 million from a fund created by urban developers for community growth. The fund was a response to address the need for access for recreational services, especially sports and physical facilities for children. Such as ice rinks and swimming pools. The fund also addresses the need for renovations for many aging facilities providing essential services for Calgarians. The city will construct four new facilities providing access for 84,000 Calgarians.Nenshi approved a pilot project in 2011 for mobile food van servers. The project debuted during the first "YYC Taste the Trucks" an annual festival in 2011. After a two-year pilot trial, the city council approved a process draft a bylaw to permit the food truck industry permanently in late 2013.The Calgary Economic Development (CED) organized a trade mission for Nenshi to showcase Calgary to meet with Chinese business and government officials to forge and reassert ties between China and Calgary. Through the CED, Nenshi launched a campaign entitled 'Be Part of the Energy' aimed to promote tourism and encourage businesses and professionals to settle in the city.
Address the problem of inaccessibility of housing for families and attain success with the Plan to End Homelessness which began before his term. The city operates non-tax non-profit corporation, 'Attainable Homes' which partners up businesses to help provide for impoverished Calgarian families. However the corporation was not initially Nenshi's initiative as it was founded in 2009. Mass building projects were completed and initiated during his term.During the Liberal Party caucus retreat to Calgary in 2017, Nenshi advocated for Calgary to be the base of the 'Canadian Infrastructure Bank'. He cited that Calgary was an ideal location as many talented finance professionals reside in Calgary and the decision would help create diversification of economic development into Western Canada.In 2017 during a technology trade mission to California Nenshi convinced a company to establish an office in Calgary. He states that it is a well-known company but has not as yet revealed. He also states that there have been inquiries from prospective technology companies.

 Taxation and city finances 

 Increases of property tax 
As Calgary grew into a metropolis with challenging needs the city experienced typical increased incremental costs of living such as rises in property taxes. Taxes began to rise before Nenshi's government as both the provincial and city governments have increased taxes since 2007 for several years and Mayor Dave Bronconnier commissioned civic work projects, as Ctrain extension. Tax rates increased on average 5–10%/year for city taxes and 3–8%/year for provincial taxes. The increase in taxes was a source of frustration for many Calgarians over the years, especially after rising 33% during Nenshi's first three-year term, and an additional 14.37% property tax increase through three years of Nenshi's second four-year term in office.Nenshi has encountered frustrations as his council finds it difficult to budget yearly with unsecured sources of provincial and federal funding. Nenshi with other Canadian mayors rebuked the Federal government for lack of capital funding for necessary projects such as transportation infrastructure projects such as public transit and improved highways as they have in the United States.The lack of fiscal clarification from the federal and provincial government has economically damaged the city causing debt and raised erratic municipal taxes as the city struggles to secure funding for projects to maintain the city. Dave Bronconnier faced similar challenges as Nenshi managing a growing city. Nenshi is tasked with completion of Bronconnier's necessary projects such as extension of the C-train.However, Nenshi together with Stephen Mandel attempted to negotiate with Premier Alison Redford to enact a charter to replace the decades-old ambiguous Municipal Act, to better define the roles of provincial and municipal governments. As the uncertain nature of non-municipal funding is unpredictable. Redford was forced to resort to Austerity measures such as educational cutbacks early in her term. Her government is experiencing a 5-year deficit, and will go into debt as it continues infrastructural spending.Nenshi stated that taxes remained the lowest in Canada when compared to other major Canadian municipalities. However, during Nenshi's two terms in office, median property taxes were increased by 52% between 2010 and 2016.

 Taxation of second term 
For the 2014 budget the city voted to return the initial $52 million provincial tax refund as debated early in 2012. The refunded tax gap afforded the city to reduce an initial planned 6% increase in residential property tax to a 5% increase.In December 2013, Nenshi warned of prospective tax raises of 5% over the next four-year budget. He suggested that the best way to avoid or mitigate the increases was to implement a policy diversified sources of funding besides property taxes. Nenshi disfavours property tax as being archaic and unable to effectively collect revenue for capital civil works such as upgrading transportation. He favours a mixture of sources such as business taxes. Nenshi states that currently only the province have the authority to enact legislature that fundamentally defines sources of revenue. Nenshi and his Edmontonian mayor counterparts Stephen Mandel and Don Iveson have been negotiating with the Albertan 
government to enact a city charter. The charter would clarify the responsibilities of the Municipal and Provincial governments such as taxation. Nenshi anticipates the ratification of the charter in 2014.

 Financial decisions 
The city implemented a 10-year plan to merge the business tax with the non-residential property tax. Until then Calgary was one of the last cities to have a stand-alone business tax. It is estimated that taxes will decrease 65% for Calgarian business over the decade and save the city $1.3 million in operational overhead.
Towards the end of first Nenshi's term, the Manning Centre published a study entitled "Growing the Democratic Toolbox: city council vote tracking" by Jeromy Farkas. The research measured the performance of 2010 city council on the economic stances of councilors (taxpayer friendly scale), frequency of open meetings, and attendance of council meetings. According to the study these topics were of importance to Calgarians. Contrary to Nenshi's critics, who were frustrated with tax increases and capital spending and had nicked named Nenshi as "Spendshi", Farkas gauged Nenshi to be a moderate spender. Nenshi scored 50.7% and was ranked 5th out of 14 councillors on the "Taxpayer Friendly Scale". Nenshi's score was based on how many times he voted against motions of capital spending with a sample of 73 motions pertaining to city finance.

 Property tax surplus 
The city council asked Calgarians for their opinion of how to invest a $52 million surplus from an over collection of property taxes. A debate was held in May 2013 and offered five options: return the money to Calgarians as a rebate, invest in revitalizing older neighborhoods, improve Calgary Transit, reduction in taxes for businesses, and reducing the city's debt. A live debate inspired by the reality show "Dragon's Den" was held at the Devonian Gardens. In the wake of the devastating flood of 2013, the city council voted to implement Nenshi's proposal to use the surplus towards flood relief. However, the Canadian Taxpayer Federation warns that motion could become a permanent tax grab. That the money was intended to be returned to citizens.During deliberations of the 2014 budget majority of the councilors voted in favour of returning the 2013 provincial $52 million tax refund. The council has allocated the future $52 million per year tax refunds for the next decade towards transit options such as an express bus route entitled the 'Green Line'. The 'Green Line' is optioned for upgrading to a C-train line at a later date. The rebate will amount to $100 returned to each Calgarian household.

 Financial decisions of second term 
Nenshi's council have voted to halt council salary raises, and limit salaries of non-unionized city staff to 1.8% raises for 2014. According to councilors Shane Keating and Diane Colley-Urquhart economic factors decided the austerity measures. City unionizes however remains skeptical as Calgary city council have employed such austerity measures in the past prior to renegotiating term contracts and awarding themselves with opulent raise increases.

 Key events of mayoralty 
In 2011, Nenshi was grand marshal of Calgary Pride, the city's gay pride parade. He was the first mayor of Calgary to do so. In 2013 Nenshi proclaimed a day of "Trans Day of Visibility" as an awareness day for the challenges transgender and transsexual Calgarians face. Nenshi together with Albertan Premier Alison Redford who became the first Premier to Grand Marshal the parade, opened the 23rd Calgarian Pride parade. In his speech Nenshi addressed Québécois, inviting them to come to Calgary as the city didn't discriminate. He criticized Quebec's proposed 'Charter of Quebec Values' legislature as contrary to the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.Nenshi presided over the 100th anniversaries of many important city institutions and traditions, including the Calgary Public Library, Calgary Stampede, Mount Royal University, and Calgary recreation. He proclaimed March 29, 2012, a "dress Western day" as a prelude to the 100th Calgary Stampede. The city was assisted in preparations for these celebrations with a $1.6 million grant from the federal government.
Nenshi proclaimed the week of November 7–14, 2011, as "Town Planning Week", to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Calgary Planning Commission's achievements. He presented David Watson the Chair of the commission with a commemorative scroll honouring the names of past and present members.Nenshi donated $660 to two Toronto food banks, after the Calgary Stampeders lost the 2012 Grey Cup as per the terms of a friendly bet made with Toronto mayor Rob Ford.In 2012 the federal government designated the city for the inaugural "Cultural Capital" program.In 2013 Nenshi was invited as part of the Canadian delegation attend the World Economic Forum to share his ideas of sustainable urban growth, a rarity for a mayor. At forum Nenshi supported the controversial Keystone Pipeline by commenting that protesters were foolish and that transporting Bitumen by conventional transportation such as trains would cause more atmospheric pollution.Nenshi closed the 2013 inaugural "Tour of Alberta" cyclist marathon with a speech thanking Calgarians who have banded together after the 2013 summer flood.Nenshi proclaimed April 5, 2013, as Ralph Klein Day to honour the contributions Klein made to Calgary as mayor: the founding of the Calgary Economic Development an agency that promotes the prosperity of Calgary, the construction of the C-Train LRT, and host of the 1988 Winter Olympics. His widow Colleen Klein was presented with the civic flag of Calgary. Klein's life was remembered in a city organized gala entitled "Celebration of Life" that celebrated his contributions as a public servant and adopted son of the Siksika Nation. Nenshi along with other Canadian politicians past and present spoke at the gala reflecting on the life of Klein.

 2013 flood and reconstruction 
Nenshi's rally to boost morale in the wake of a devastating flood that ravaged Southern Alberta in 2013 was well received by the press and Calgarians. He urged Calgarians to seek assistance for mental distress urged support for their neighbors mental and emotional well-being during the disaster recovery. Calgarian approval from his supporters has made him the subject of internet memes parodying him as Supermayor as 2013 Summer blockbuster movie Superman. His name was used as a verb for a parody of the British WWII morale slogan "Keep Calm and Carry On", as "Keep Calm and Nenshi On". The likeness of Nenshi wearing Scuba gear, was designed by Calgarian artist "Mandy Stobo" on T-shirts, to raise relief funds for the Red Cross.Nenshi co-launched book published by the Calgary Herald entitled The Flood of 2013: A Summer of Angry Rivers in southern Alberta, which archived the paper's coverage of the flood. Proceeds from the book supported The Calgary Foundation's Flood Rebuilding Fund which helped victims most devastated. Nenshi wrote a foreword describing the events.
Some of his supporters urged him to rest from his nonstop organization by taking a nap as he coordinated relief efforts non-stop over a period of 43 hours. For an episode of his YouTube vlog series "Nenshi Reads", Nenshi read to children at a fundraising launch of children's story "The River Throws a Tantrum" by Rona Altrows.Nenshi tasked former City transportation director Gordon Stewart with overseeing the reconstruction efforts. The flood caused an estimated $250 million in damages. Nenshi, commissioned a panel of engineering and environmental experts as well the community to recommend measures to mitigate damage from future floods.Senior city staff were compensated for overtime work directing the emergency efforts with $307,000. Nenshi believed the compensation to be unwarranted and called to change the compensation regulations for compensation in the future.In September Governor General David Johnston, presented the people of Calgary with the "Governor General Commendation of Outstanding Service". As the community effort Calgarians banded together for the city and surrounding region after the 2013 Alberta floods. Nenshi accepted the award on behalf of the city.
In November 2013, the Government of Alberta granted the City of Calgary $250,000 to study the viability of constructing a water diversion tunnel. Nenshi suggested that the city acquire the tunnel-boring machinery. After the project the machinery could be used for infrastructure projects the city has planned.

 Key events of second mayoralty 
Soon after winning the 2013 mayoral elections in October, Nenshi chaperoned disabled Calgarian children to Disneyland for Air Canada's 21st annual 'Dreams take Flight' charity service.Early in November 2013, Nenshi delivered a comic 'roasting' speech to outgoing Edmontonian mayor Stephen Mandel highlighting the joys and frustrations of a colleague, mentor, and rival relationship. Nenshi made light remarks alluding to Rob Ford's narcotic addictions, their religious heritage as mayors of 'redneck' cities, and Mandel's council decision to construct massive public works projects such as the Edmonton Downtown arena.For the two weeks duration of the 2014 Winter Olympics, Nenshi decided that city hall would fly the rainbow gay pride flag to protest the anti-gay 
stance of the Russian government.In 2014, Nenshi's council had decided on the fate of a city-owned 'Midfield Mobile Home Park'. The city decided to cease operations as of September 2017. The property's aging utilities such as obsolete water works have rendered the site un-viable as upkeep have become difficult and costly. Residents will be given $10,000 to assist with moving costs, and be given an additional $10,000 for compensation. Residents will also have access to counseling services.
However some Midfield residents who have built equity with their mobile homes believe that the compensation is inadequate and worry that there may not a place to relocate to. The city decided against developing the proposed East Hills Estates, mobile home park. According to community President Rudy Prediger the secretive nature of the dealings have caused problematic worries among his neighbors. Some neighbors sold their mobile homes at a loss. Elderly Midfield residents who have deep rooted ties of affinity with the community are reluctant to move. Resident's relocation stresses are further compounded with the complications caused by low vacancy in Calgary in the wake of the devastating 2013 flood.

 Reconciliation with First Nations communities 
In accordance of 2015 Trudeau's campaign promise for reconciliation with First Nation (FN) people of Canada. The Federal, Provincial, and Municipal governing bodies of Canada began the dialog intended to redress the historical deficits and misgivings caused by centuries of abusive political inequalities. Calgary's city council commissioned its citizen based Aboriginal advisory board the 'Calgary Aboriginal Urban Affairs Committee' to research on social conditions and advise an action plan to implement. The report entitled the 'White Goose Flying' report enacts on the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's (TRC) agreement to begin dialog to redress the abuses of former residential school students; as well as acknowledge the inter-generational traumas of the human rights abuses suffered by aboriginals. The report is named after 18-year-old 'Jack White Goose Flying' who was formerly an unknown Calgary Indian industrial school\St. Dustan's student buried in a grave in what would become the industrial-residential neighborhood of Ogden. White Goose Flying was taken from Brocket within the Piikani NationIn 2017 The Langevin Bridge spanning the Bow River was voted to be renamed the Reconciliation Bridge to downtown Calgary after the public expressed misgivings about naming the structure after Sir Hector-Louis Langevin. He was a principal architect of the Residential School system.In municipal accordance to the Federal and provincial gestures of reconciliation with First Nations communities, Nenshi presided with Native leaders in a drumming ceremony honouring the permanent raising of flag of Treaty 7 along the provincial, national, and municipal flags outside city hall.

 Second Olympic bid 

Nenshi expressed intrigue at the prospect of the city hosting a second Winter Olympics in 2026 as Toronto announced its withdrawal from the 2024 Summer Olympics bid. Nenshi confirmed that he has met with a group of Calgarian citizens who were meeting to discuss proposing a bid. Nenshi has adopted a wait and see policy after the group organizes a detailed plan to the public.In summer 2016, the city officially voted in favour of funding $5 million to the Calgary Bid Exploration Committee to report about the economic viability of hosting the 2026 Olympics.Nenshi also vacationed in Rio during the 2016 Summer Olympics and discussed the prospects of Calgary hosting the 2026 Winter Olympics with IOC officials. According to Nenshi they were very receptive to the prospective bid.

 Cal Wenzel slander lawsuit 
In November 2013, Cal Wenzel, CEO of Shane Homes, attempted to sue Nenshi for $6 million, alleging slanderous remarks to his character promote his campaign agenda. In particular Wenzel was offended when Nenshi compared him to the Godfather during an interview with David Grey of CBC One.In his defence statement, Nenshi explained his reasons for comparing Wenzel's personae to fictional mobster Vito Corleone, the Godfather. Nenshi described Wenzel as being benevolent but ruthless when faced with opposition. Nenshi's defence lawyers also noted that Wenzel referred Nenshi as being "dark sided" in a video which Wenzel addresses an audience of home builders.On December 14, 2015, Justice David Gates ordered Wenzel to pay Nenshi $10,000 over the plaintiff's unsuccessful bid for a summary judgement.The lawsuit had been scheduled for February 2016, but on December 15, 2015, the two parties agreed to an out-of-court settlement, apologizing to each other and effectively ending the lawsuit. On May 11, 2016, it was revealed the city paid nearly $300,000 in legal fees during the lawsuit, which Nenshi will pay back via a fund-raising campaign.

 Allegations of alcohol and substance abuse among councillors during city functions 
In early 2015 Nenshi's city council became marred in a scandal involving frequent drunken celebrations and substance abuse among council members, which the media dubbed "Blottogate". On January 20, 2015, Councillor Druh Farrell made allegations during a council 'Priorities and Finance Committee' meeting. She accused council members of engaging in drunken revelries and drinking while on duty or during city sponsored functions. Nenshi further added that he had received numerous complaints of councillors getting "blotto" (drunk) and abusing narcotics.However, according to an interview with the Calgary Eye Opener of the CBC News, Councillor Ward Sutherland explained that the titular "wild party" that Farrell referenced in her accusations occurred during the Christmas of 2007, years before Nenshi's current sitting council. Sutherland counter charged that Farrell was making unsubstantiated accusations, and that sober councillors are upset for being generically summed in her allegations. He also stated that her charges were an insult to his colleagues. Councillor Ray Jones, and Councillor Andre Chabot likewise recalls the singular 'wild Christmas party' years before contradicting Farrell and Nenshi's claim of frequent inebriated celebrations. Councillors have claimed that Farrell and Nenshi's accusations were not based on evidence, and they demanded that Nenshi either offers an apology if he could not support his claims. They complained their professional reputations were damaged and Sutherland claimed that he has been occasionally ridiculed by the public. Councillor Magliocca claimed that his offices was inundated with phone calls from his worried constituency. Sutherland and Magliocca's children suffered harassment from their classmates. Magliocca intends to pressure Nenshi for an official statement during a question period on January 26, 2015. Nenshi has since refused to recant his statement.

 Calgary Street Church conflict 
The church accused Nenshi of anti-Christian-Judeo discrimination. Nenshi partook in the lighting the fifth light of the menorah ceremony in 2011 as the Calgarian Jewish community celebrated the 23rd Menorah lighting ceremony. Other groups are free to celebrate at City Hall and other venues on city property provided they apply for permission such as agreeing not to celebrate during business hours.

 City charter 
To address the challenges of evolving into metropolises Nenshi and former Edmonton mayor Stephen Mandel negotiated a memorandum of understanding with the Alberta government. This motion will enable both mayors to work with the provincial government to draft city charters, effectively articulating the powers and responsibilities the municipalities have to deal with unique issues of development such as taxation. Nenshi and Mandel wanted to seek the approval for the new city council's approval after the elections of the 2013 before proceeding to resume discussions.However these motions were initially opposed by tax watchdog groups. They warn that such legislatures may grant municipal governments the ability to levy additional taxes.On October 7, 2014, Alberta Premier Jim Prentice, Nenshi, and Edmonton mayor Don Iveson signed a framework agreement enabling the provincial and municipal governments of Edmonton and Calgary to formalize the charter by the spring of 2016. According to the agreement although the municipalities won't be granted authority to levy new taxes; they will have the authority to create unique solutions that addresses the problems of their respective municipalities.

 Post-political life 
He is slated to appear in the 2024 edition of Canada Reads, advocating for the illustrated novel Denison Avenue by Christina Wong and Daniel Innes.

 Awards 
Nenshi and two other Canadian delegates won a Young Leader award by the World Economic Forum in 2011 for his innovative ideas of urban planning.Nenshi was awarded the President's Award of the Canadian Institute of Planners in 2012, for implementing progressive ideas such as transparency.Nenshi was ranked second most important person in Canada, next to Prime Minister Stephen Harper, by Maclean's magazine 50 top Canadians list for 2013.On September 14, 2014, Nenshi was honoured by the Elder Pete Standing Alone of Kainai First Nation, Blood Tribe with the Blackfoot name, A'paistootsiipsii, meaning "Camp Moving Leader [Clan Leader]", or "he who moves the camp and others follow". The name signifies his leadership role for the people of Calgary.
Nenshi was awarded the World Mayor prize in 2014 by the City Mayors Foundation. He became the first Canadian mayor to win this award.In 2017, Nenshi was awarded the 'Honorary Peace Patron' by the Mosaic Institute for contributions to strengthening the fabric of Canada.

 Donations 
Nenshi donated 10% of his 2012 salary, amounting to CA$20,000, to a Calgary charity in response to a 6% pay raise approved for city councillors.

 References 

 External links 

City of Calgary Official website

Du Pont family
The du Pont family (English: ) or Du Pont family is a prominent American family descended from Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours (1739–1817). It has been one of the richest families in the United States since the mid-19th century, when it founded its fortune in the gunpowder business. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, it expanded its wealth through the chemical industry and the automotive industry, with substantial interests in the DuPont company, General Motors, and various other corporations.
Several former du Pont family estates are open to the public as museums, gardens or parks, such as Winterthur, Nemours, Eleutherian Mills, Longwood Gardens, Gibraltar, Mt. Cuba, and Goodstay. The family's interest in horticulture was brought to the United States by their immigrant progenitors from France and reinforced in later generations by avid gardeners who married into the family. As early as 1924, the du Ponts were recognized by Charles Sprague Sargent, the famed plantsman and director of Harvard's Arnold Arboretum, as "a family which has made the neighborhood of Wilmington, Delaware one of the chief centers of horticulture in the United States."The family's first American estate, Eleutherian Mills, located at Hagley Museum and Library, was preserved and restored by Louise E. du Pont Crowninshield. She also helped to establish the National Trust for Historic Preservation in 1949. In recent years, the family has continued to be known for its association with political and business ventures, as well as philanthropic causes.
Two family members were the subjects of well-publicized criminal cases. John Eleuthère du Pont was convicted of murdering wrestling coach Dave Schultz.
As of 2016, the family fortune was estimated at $14.3 billion, spread across more than 3,500 living relatives.

 History 
Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours was the son of a Parisian watchmaker and a member of a Burgundian Huguenot family, and descendant of a minor noble family on his mother's side. He and his sons, Victor Marie du Pont and Éleuthère Irénée du Pont, migrated from France in 1800 to the United States and used the resources of their Huguenot heritage to found one of the most prominent of American families, and one of its most successful corporations, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, initially established by Éleuthère Irénée as a gunpowder manufacturer.
In 1802, Éleuthère Irénée du Pont established a gunpowder mill on the banks of the Brandywine River near Wilmington, Delaware. The location (named Eleutherian Mills) provided all the necessities to operate the mill: a water flow sufficient to power it, available timber (mainly willow trees) that could be turned into charcoal fine enough to use for gunpowder, and close proximity to the Delaware River to allow for shipments of sulfur and saltpeter, the other ingredients used in the manufacture of gunpowder. There were also nearby stone quarries to provide needed building materials.Over time, the Du Pont company grew into the largest black powder manufacturing firm in the world. The family remained in control of the company up through the 1960s, and family trusts still own a substantial amount of the company's stock. This and other companies run by the du Pont family employed up to 10 percent of Delaware's population at its peak. During the 19th century, the Du Pont family maintained their family wealth by carefully arranged marriages between cousins which, at the time, was the norm for many families.
The family played a large part in politics during the 18th and 19th centuries and assisted in negotiations for the Treaty of Paris and the Louisiana Purchase. Both T. Coleman and Henry A. du Pont served as U.S. senators, and Pierre S. du Pont, IV served as Governor of Delaware.
The family has also played an important role in historic preservation and land conservation, including helping to found the National Trust for Historic Preservation, preserving President James Madison's home Montpelier, and establishing numerous museums such as Winterthur and the Delaware Museum of Natural History. The Brandywine Conservancy founded by family member George Alexis Weymouth owns around 2,350 acres (951 ha) of land in Pennsylvania and Delaware, and owns permanent conservation easements on an additional 37,000 acres (14,973 ha). In 2013, Lammot du Pont Copeland's Mt. Cuba Center contributed over $20 million to purchase land for donation to the federal government to form the First State National Historical Park.Beginning with William du Pont, Jr. and his sister, Marion duPont Scott, many members of the Du Pont family have been involved in the breeding and racing of Thoroughbred racehorses, as well as establishing racehorse venues and training tracks, including Delaware Park and Fair Hill, MD. While most Du Ponts are members of the Episcopal Church, Éleuthère Irénée du Pont was a Huguenot.

 Spelling of the name 
The stylings "du Pont" and "Du Pont" are most prevalent for the family name in published, copy-edited writings. In many publications, the styling is "du Pont" when quoting an individual's full name and "Du Pont" when speaking of the family as a whole, although some individual Du Ponts have chosen to style it differently, such as Samuel Francis Du Pont. The name of the chemical company founded by the family is today styled solid as "DuPont" in the short form (but the long form is styled as E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company); the stylings "Du Pont" and "DuPont" for the company's short name coexisted in the 20th century, but the latter is now consistently used in the company's branding. The solid styling "duPont" is less common, but the Nemours Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children uses it, as does the duPont Registry. William S. Dutton's mid-20th-century history of the family business uses "Du Pont" both for the family mentioned generally and for the company's short name but "du Pont" in an individual's full name (for example, "Éleuthère Irénée du Pont", "Henry du Pont", "Alfred Victor du Pont", "Lammot du Pont"); for example, "when he [Lammot du Pont] went to General Henry du Pont with the proposal that the Du Ponts manufacture dynamite, he was answered by a blunt and unqualified 'No!'": 116 ) The first page of Dutton's monograph: 3  contains the following footnote about the surname's styling (the mention of "Samuel Dupont" here refers to the 18th-century Parisian watchmaker, not to his 19th-century descendant): "Samuel Dupont used this form of the family name [i.e., Dupont], but beginning in 1763 his son signed himself 'Du Pont.' Later, he added 'de Nemours' to his name to prevent confusion with two other Duponts in the French Chamber of Deputies. Du Pont, in English, is pronounced with the accent on the second syllable. In French, neither syllable is accented.": 3 French orthographic tradition for the styling of de (or its inflected forms) as a surname particle, in either nobiliary or non-nobiliary form, is discussed at Nobiliary particle § France. In non-nobiliary form, the prevalent French styling of the name is "Dupont", and thus the choice by Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours to begin styling himself so during the monarchical era hints at social ambition. But the influence of French orthography and prerevolutionary class structure on how English orthography styles surnames today is outweighed by how families and individuals so named style themselves.

 Alphabetical list of selected descendants of Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours 
Below is an alphabetical listing of selected members of the family.

 Family tree 
The following list is not a complete genealogy, but is ordered by descent to show the familial relationships between members of the du Pont family throughout history.

 Family network 

 Associates 

 Businesses 

 Philanthropy & nonprofit organizations 

 Buildings, estates and historic landmarks 

 References 

 Bibliography 
Mosley, Leonard (1980). Blood Relations: The Rise and Fall of the du Pont's of Delaware. London: Hutchinson.
Gates, John D. (1979). The du Pont Family. New York: Doubleday & Company. ISBN 0-385-13043-0.
Duke, Marc. (1976). The du Ponts, Portrait of a Dynasty. New York: Saturday Review Press, E.P. Dutton & Co. ISBN 0-8415-0429-6.
Carr, William H. A. (1965). The du Ponts of Delaware. London: Frederick Muller.
Dutton, William S. (1942). Du Pont, One Hundred and Forty Years. New York: Charles Scribner's Sons.
du Pont, Pierre S. (1942). Genealogy of the Du Pont Family 1739-1942. Wilmington: Hambleton Printing & Publishing.

 External links 

Dominick Dunne's "Maternal Instinct" - Lisa Dean, greatgrandaughter of Lammont du Pont - murder for hire

Kirby (series)
Kirby is an action-platform video game series developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo. The series centers around the adventures of a pink round hero named Kirby as he fights to protect and save his home on the distant Planet Popstar from a variety of threats. The majority of the games in the series are side-scrolling platformers with puzzle-solving and beat 'em up elements. Kirby has the ability to inhale enemies and objects into his mouth, spitting them out as a projectile or eating them. If he inhales certain enemies, he can gain the powers or properties of that enemy manifesting as a new weapon or power-up called a Copy Ability. The series is intended to be easy to pick up and play even for people unfamiliar with action games, while at the same time offering additional challenge and depth for more experienced players to come back to.
The Kirby series includes 39 games, and has sold over 40 million units worldwide, making it one of Nintendo’s best-selling franchises and putting it in the top 50 best-selling video game franchises of all time.

 Gameplay 
The main Kirby games are side-scrolling action platforms. As Kirby, the spherical pink protagonist, the player must run, jump, and attack enemies while traversing a number of areas, solving puzzles, and battling bosses along the way. Kirby possesses the ability to inhale objects and enemies, even those larger than himself, which he can spit out as a projectile or swallow. Some of these, when swallowed, will grant Kirby a Copy Ability, which allows him to take on a characteristic of that enemy and use it in combat. For example, upon swallowing an enemy that breathes fire, Kirby becomes able to breathe fire. Kirby can also take in air to inflate himself and fly. In most games, he can do this for as long as he wants, but his attack options become limited.
Kirby games often contain a number of hidden items that unlock more parts of the game or are simple incentives to collect, and are usually required to reach 100% in-game completion. These special items are usually related to the plot of the game, most often used to create a special weapon needed to defeat the final boss. In some games, the special weapon is optional and can be used regularly in the game after defeating the final boss with it. These elements have remained constant in most series, with each game having its own unique twist to affect gameplay.
Each game features uniquely-named areas such as flaming mountains, open grasslands, water-filled or submerged areas, frozen snowfields, and similar natural locations.
There are also several spin-off games in the series, which involve a variety of different video game genres such as pinball, puzzle, racing, and motion-sensor-technology-based games. A number of these spin-off titles take advantage of Kirby's ball-shaped figure.

 Plot 

 Characters 

The series' main protagonist is Kirby, who resides in the kingdom of Dream Land on a five-point-star-shaped planet called Popstar. Much of Dream Land is peaceful, and its people lead laid-back, carefree lives. However, when the peace in Dream Land is shattered by threats both terrestrial and alien, it is up to Kirby to save his home and those who reside there.
Besides Kirby, many characters appear throughout the series as both allies and enemies, such as King Dedede, a gluttonous bird resembling a blue penguin and self-proclaimed ruler of Dream Land. King Dedede has appeared in all Kirby games except Kirby & the Amazing Mirror. King Dedede's selfish nature or greater forces controlling him often lead him to clash with Kirby, but he mostly teams up with Kirby when a greater threat emerges, that isn't controlling him.
Another major character in the series is the enigmatic Meta Knight, a chivalrous masked creature similar in size and shape to Kirby who one day wishes to fight the strongest warrior in the galaxy and leads a group of like-minded warriors. Whenever he and Kirby fight, he will almost always offer Kirby a sword in advance so that the fight is fair. While his unmasked face resembles Kirby's, his exact relationship with Kirby remains a mystery.
Popstar is home to a number of common creatures, the most notable of which are called Waddle Dees. They appear in some capacity in every Kirby game and are usually passive or aggressive towards the player, with some exceptions, such as in Kirby and the Forgotten Land, where they are friendly and rely on the player to save them from cages, acting as the game's main collectible.A certain Waddle Dee known as Bandana Waddle Dee, who wears a blue bandana and commonly wields a spear, occasionally assists Kirby and appears as a playable character in some games, such as in Kirby and the Forgotten Land and Kirby's Return to Dream Land.

 Development 

 1992–1999: Conception and first games 
The first game in the Kirby series, Kirby's Dream Land for the original Game Boy, was released in Japan on April 27, 1992 and later in North America, Europe and Australasia in August that year. A simple game, consisting of five levels, it introduced Kirby's ability to inhale enemies and objects. The game contains an unlockable hard mode, known as the "Extra Game", which features stronger enemies and more difficult bosses. The North American box art showed a white Kirby, although the Japanese box art had the correct pink coloring.
The second game, Kirby's Adventure, was released in Japan on March 23, 1993, in North America on May 1, 1993, and Europe on September 12, 1993. Kirby's Adventure gave Kirby the ability to gain special powers when he ate certain enemies, called Copy Abilities; the game contained a total of 25 different ones to use. These powers replaced Kirby's inhale and could be used until Kirby sustained damage causing him to drop the ability, or the player voluntarily discarded it to obtain another one. As one of the last games created for the Nintendo Entertainment System, Kirby's Adventure featured advanced graphics and sound that pushed the hardware's capabilities to the limit, including pseudo 3D effects on some stages. It was remade in 2002 on the Game Boy Advance, retitled Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land, featuring updated graphics and sound, multiplayer support, and the ability to play as Meta Knight.
After Kirby's Adventure, the Kirby series received a number of spin-off games. Kirby's Pinball Land, released in November 1993 for the Game Boy, is a pinball game featuring Kirby as the pinball. Kirby's Dream Course, released in Japan on September 21, 1994, North America on February 1, 1995, and Europe on August 24, 1995 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, is a golf-based game which features an isometric graphic design. Kirby's Avalanche, released in Europe on February 1, 1995 and in North America on April 25, 1995 also for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, is a puzzle game, a westernized version of the Japanese game Puyo Puyo.
Kirby's Dream Land 2, released in Japan on March 21, 1995, in North America on May 1, 1995, in Europe on July 31, 1995 and Australasia on November 22, 1995 for the Game Boy, brought the Copy Abilities from Kirby's Adventure to a handheld system, but due to system limitations lowered the number of abilities to seven. The game introduced three rideable animal companions: Rick the hamster, Coo the owl, and Kine the ocean sunfish. Pairing up with any of these three alters how Kirby's abilities work. It also introduced Dark Matter, a reoccurring antagonist in the Kirby series.  Kirby's Dream Land 2 was the first game in the series to be directed by Shinichi Shimomura instead of Masahiro Sakurai. Shimomura would go on to direct Kirby's Dream Land 3, Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards, and Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land.
Kirby's Block Ball, released for the Game Boy on December 14, 1995 in Japan, on March 13, 1996 in North America and on August 29, 1996 in Europe, is a variation of the game Breakout, featuring multiple levels, some of Kirby's Copy Abilities, and various enemies in unique boss battles. In 1996, a Kirby minigame series, Kirby's Toy Box, was released via the St.GIGA satellite broadcasting system for the Satellaview. These minigames were given a unique broadcast date. Minigames included Arrange Ball, Ball Rally, Baseball, Cannonball, Guru Guru Ball, Hoshi Kuzushi, Pachinko, and Pinball.Kirby Super Star, known as Hoshi no Kirby Super Deluxe in Japan and Kirby's Fun Pak in Europe, was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in Japan on March 21, 1996, in North America on September 20, 1996, and in Europe on January 23, 1997. Kirby Super Star is composed of eight separate games, and features several characters and abilities which have not appeared since in the series. The game features "Helpers", which can be created by sacrificing the ability in use, to help the player dispatch enemies.
Released for the Game Boy in 1997, Kirby's Star Stacker is a puzzle game which involves touching two or more similar blocks together that have Kirby's animal friends on them. The game received a sequel on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1998 in Japan titled Kirby no Kirakira Kizzu (known in English as Kirby's Super Star Stacker).
Kirby's Dream Land 3, released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System on November 27, 1997 in North America and on March 27, 1998 in Japan, is a direct sequel to Kirby's Dream Land 2, as it featured the return of Kirby's animal friends. Similar to Kirby's Dream Land 2, Kirby's Dream Land 3 features a few Copy Abilities which were modified when Kirby paired up with one of his six animal friends. The game had a multiplayer option with the second player controlling Gooey, a recurring character. The antagonist is Dark Matter, and if certain conditions are met, Zero was fought as the true final boss. The game had a unique pastel-drawing art style and used dithering to improve visual performance.
There was also a planned game called Kid Kirby that was to be released on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The game would have served as a prequel to the series and would have utilized the SNES Mouse. The game was developed by DMA Design and was scheduled for release in 1995, but was canceled due to the declining sales of the mouse; however, early screenshots of the canceled game have been posted online.

 2000–2004: Introduction of 3D graphics and further spin-offs 
The first game to have 3D graphics in the Kirby series, Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards, was released on the Nintendo 64 in Japan on March 24, 2000, in North America on June 26, 2000 and in Europe on June 22, 2001. The game features a compound ability system that allows two of the seven abilities in the game to be merged, making a new compound ability. It also marked the first playable instance of King Dedede, where sections of some stages had Kirby riding piggyback while King Dedede attacked enemies and obstacles with his hammer. It is considered a direct follow-up to Kirby's Dream Land 3 due to the reemergence of Dark Matter and the final boss, albeit in a different form, called 02 (Zero Two). It also included three four-player minigames.
The next game in the Kirby series, Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble became one of Nintendo's first motion-sensor-based games on August 23, 2000. Players are instructed to tilt the Game Boy Color to move Kirby on the screen. Quickly flicking the Game Boy Color upwards would make Kirby jump into the air. Tilt 'n' Tumble is the only Kirby game to have a special cartridge color (transparent pink) in North America. Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble 2 on the GameCube, which was supposed to use a combination of motion-sensor technology and connectivity to the Game Boy Advance via the Nintendo GameCube Game Boy Advance Cable, was presented during Nintendo Space World 2001 and scheduled for a May 2002 release in Japan. The Kirby theme was eventually scrapped and Kirby was replaced with a generic marble, and the game was shown again at E3 2002 as Roll-O-Rama, but eventually canceled completely. Kirby Family was a Game Boy Color piece of software developed by Natsume Co., Ltd. that would connect to a compatible Jaguar JN-100 or JN-2000 sewing machine and embroider cloth with a Kirby pattern of choice. The game was also shown during Nintendo Space World 2001 and scheduled for release on September 10, 2001, but presumably canceled due to poor sales of Mario Family which released two weeks prior. The game was leaked on September 9, 2020, as part of the Game Boy Color lotcheck leak. In late 2002, Nintendo released Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land, an enhanced remake of Kirby's Adventure for the Game Boy Advance (GBA).Kirby's Air Ride 64 (also known as Kirby Bowl 64 and Kirby Ball 64) on the Nintendo 64 was going to be a sequel to Kirby's Dream Course which featured an additional game mode where the player controlled Kirby on a snowboard. However, this was canceled for unknown reasons. Some of its concepts were later implemented into the only Kirby game for the GameCube, Kirby Air Ride, which was released in North America on October 13, 2003. Air Ride is a racing game which deviates greatly from other Kirby games, although still featuring series staples including enemies and Copy Abilities. After the release of Kirby Air Ride, the GameCube was going to have its own original Kirby game, simply titled Kirby for Nintendo GameCube at the time. It was nearly complete and featured at E3 2005, but was canceled due to troubles incorporating a unique multiplayer mechanic. At a later point, the game was concepted as a full 3D platformer visually similar to Kirby Air Ride, but also canceled because it did not achieve HAL Laboratory's quality standards. During the 2003 Holiday season, a Kirby e-Reader card for the Game Boy Advance was released. The card was released under two names, Kirby Slide and Kirby Puzzle. Swiping the card would allow for a sliding puzzle game starring Kirby to be played. Cards were given out at Toys "R" Us stores and in the 2003 December issues of Nintendo Power and Tips & Tricks. The game was released to advertise the English dub of Kirby: Right Back at Ya!
Kirby & the Amazing Mirror was released on October 18, 2004 on the Game Boy Advance. It is the second game released on that system, following Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land. It features Kirby in a Metroidvania format, with all the levels being interconnected and able to be completed in any order. Also unique was the in-game phone, which can be used to summon up to three additional copies of Kirby to fight enemies and solve puzzles.

 2005–2011: Touch-based gameplay 
The next game in the series is Kirby: Canvas Curse, released on the Nintendo DS in Japan on March 24, 2005, North America on June 13, 2005, Europe on November 25, 2005 and Australia on April 6, 2006 under the name Kirby Power Paintbrush. Unlike most previous Kirby games, the player does not directly control Kirby with a directional pad, analog stick, face buttons, or shoulder buttons. Instead, Kirby is a helpless ball, and can only move when he gains momentum, the player painting paths with the stylus to direct his movement.
This was followed by Kirby: Squeak Squad (titled Kirby: Mouse Attack in Europe) in late 2006, also on the Nintendo DS, which revived traditional Kirby gameplay and dabbled in the use of the touch screen to store several items and Copy Abilities in Kirby's stomach. Ability scrolls could be found that served as upgrades for each ability, giving them additional moves and/or enhanced functionality. An unlockable Copy Ability was also introduced.
Kirby Super Star Ultra, announced for the Nintendo DS in early fall 2007 and released on September 22, 2008 in North America, is a remake of Kirby Super Star. In addition to the nine games from Kirby Super Star, seven new games have been added. It features updated graphics, pre-rendered cutscenes, and a map on the touch screen. The game is notable for being the first Kirby game to be directed by Shinya Kumazaki, who would go on to become the general director for the series. Kirby's Epic Yarn was announced for the Wii at E3 2010 and released in North America on October 17, 2010. Epic Yarn began development as an original game by Good-Feel called Fluff of Yarn, but was given the Kirby license at Nintendo's proposal. A fourth game for the Nintendo DS was released in North America on September 19, 2011, Kirby Mass Attack. The game features multiple copies of Kirby in touch screen-based gameplay reminiscent of games such as Lemmings.

 2011–2021: Evolution of 2.5D platforming 
Kirby's Return to Dream Land (titled Kirby's Adventure Wii in PAL regions) was released on the Wii in North America on October 24, 2011, returning to the traditional Kirby gameplay and allowing up to four players to play simultaneously. Players 2–4 could choose to play as Meta Knight, King Dedede and/or Bandana Waddle Dee, each with dedicated abilities; they could also play as different-colored Kirbys which offered power copying abilities, or as a mixture of the options. The unique multiplayer mechanic originally to be incorporated in the GameCube build became the special attack in Return to Dream Land (where all players stack on each other, hold A and release at the same time).An anthology disc for the Wii called Kirby's Dream Collection was released on July 19, 2012, in Japan and on September 16, 2012, in North America to celebrate Kirby's 20th Anniversary. It includes six games from the early history of the series, which are Kirby's Dream Land, Kirby's Adventure, Kirby's Dream Land 2, Kirby Super Star, Kirby's Dream Land 3, and Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards. It also has new Challenge Stages that run on the engine of Kirby's Return to Dream Land (titled Kirby's Adventure Wii in PAL regions), and a Kirby history section, which includes three episodes from Hoshi no Kirby (Kirby: Right Back at Ya! in North America). Similar to the Super Mario 25th Anniversary packaging in 2010, a booklet and a soundtrack containing music from the various games in the series are released alongside the disc.
On October 1, 2013, during a Nintendo Direct presentation, a new untitled original Kirby game for the Nintendo 3DS was announced, later named Kirby: Triple Deluxe. The game was released in Japan on January 11, 2014, in North America on May 2, 2014, in Europe on May 16, 2014, and in Australasia on May 17, 2014. It incorporated action spanning varied depths, where Kirby could swap between the foreground and background areas. It included a multiplayer fighting minigame called Kirby Fighters, where players could choose one of ten available abilities and fight on themed stages, with the winner being the last Kirby standing. It also included a rhythm-based action minigame starring King Dedede titled Dedede's Drum Dash. There were also over 250 in-game "keychains" to collect that featured sprites from previous Kirby games as well some original sprites based on characters from Triple Deluxe. 
In August 2014, Kirby Fighters Deluxe and Dedede's Drum Dash Deluxe (enhanced versions of the minigames in Kirby: Triple Deluxe) were released. At E3 2014, a new game for the Wii U was announced. Titled Kirby and the Rainbow Curse in North America and Kirby and the Rainbow Paintbrush in PAL regions, the game is a direct sequel to Kirby: Canvas Curse and features a similar gameplay style. It was released by Nintendo on January 22, 2015, in Japan, February 20, 2015, in North America, May 8, 2015, in Europe and May 9, 2015, in Australasia.
On March 3, 2016, during a Nintendo Direct presentation, Nintendo unveiled a new game based on the context of Kirby: Triple Deluxe called Kirby: Planet Robobot, the second Kirby game released on the Nintendo 3DS. It was released alongside a set of Amiibo figures made for the Kirby franchise, including a newly announced Amiibo, Waddle Dee, on April 28, 2016, in Japan, June 10, 2016, in North America and Europe, and June 11, 2016, in Australasia. The game is compatible with other Amiibo. It also includes 2 new minigames, called Kirby 3D Rumble and Team Kirby Clash, the former being an arena based, 3D action game where Kirby uses his inhale to defeat large groups of baddies to rack up points and achieve a high score, and the latter being a mix of fighting, platform, and role-playing. Players can level up to level 10, and can play with AI or other friends.In a Nintendo Direct presentation on April 12, 2017, three new Kirby games were announced for Kirby's 25th Anniversary. The first game was Team Kirby Clash Deluxe, an enhanced version of the Kirby: Planet Robobot minigame Team Kirby Clash which was released the same day it was announced. The second game was Kirby's Blowout Blast, an enhanced version of the Kirby: Planet Robobot minigame Kirby 3D Rumble which was released on July 4, 2017, in Japan, and on July 6, 2017, in North America, Europe and Australasia. The third game was Kirby Battle Royale, an action-multiplayer fighting game which was released on November 3, 2017, in Europe and Australasia, November 30, 2017, in Japan, and January 19, 2018, in North America.At E3 2017, Nintendo unveiled a new untitled original installment for the Nintendo Switch, later named Kirby Star Allies. The game was released on March 16, 2018. Kirby can throw Friend Hearts to turn enemies into computer- or player-controlled allies, a variation of the "Helper System" from Kirby Super Star. "Power Combinations" return from Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards and Kirby: Squeak Squad. Kirby can also summon "Dream Friends", consisting of major Kirby characters acting as Helpers, which includes King Dedede, Meta Knight, and Bandana Waddle Dee.
On March 8, 2019, Epic Yarn got a remake/port on the Nintendo 3DS entitled Kirby's Extra Epic Yarn. On September 4, 2019, Nintendo released a new Nintendo Switch game, Super Kirby Clash, on the Nintendo eShop, as the successor to Team Kirby Clash Deluxe, the game was co-developed with Japanese video game company Vanpool, who would co-develop all Kirby games until its closure in 2023. The game expands on the previous installment with new quests. On September 23, 2020, Nintendo released a new Nintendo Switch game, Kirby Fighters 2, on the Nintendo eShop, as the successor to Kirby Fighters Deluxe. Before its official reveal, the game was leaked on the Play Nintendo website, but was later taken down. The game expands on the previous installment with new game modes and an exclusive ability, Wrestler.

 2022–present: Introduction of 3D gameplay 
During the Nintendo Direct event held on September 23, 2021, a new Nintendo Switch title in the Kirby series was revealed, titled Kirby and the Forgotten Land. It is the first true 3D entry in the mainline series (fourth overall since the spin-offs Kirby Air Ride, Kirby's Blowout Blast, and Kirby Battle Royale) and was released on March 25, 2022, becoming the highest-selling game in the series. The game was co-developed with Japanese video game company Vanpool.
On July 12, 2022, a new Nintendo Switch title in the Kirby series was announced, titled Kirby's Dream Buffet. It is a multiplayer party game, and was released on the Nintendo eShop on August 17, 2022. A remake of Kirby's Return to Dream Land for the Nintendo Switch, titled Kirby's Return to Dream Land Deluxe was revealed during the Nintendo Direct event held on September 13, 2022 and was released on February 24, 2023. It features new Mecha and Sand Abilities and the graphical style of a comic book.Vanpool, who co-developed all Kirby games since Super Kirby Clash, closed on May 31, 2023.

 Reception 
The Kirby games have received reception that ranges from mixed to very favorable reviews by players and critics. According to Metacritic reviews: Kirby: Canvas Curse and Kirby's Epic Yarn are the most acclaimed games in the series, while Kirby Battle Royale and Team Kirby Clash Deluxe are the lowest-rated. Kirby and the Forgotten Land and Kirby: Squeak Squad are respectively the highest-rated and the lowest-rated mainline series games.

 Sales 
Many Kirby games have performed commercially well, selling at least one million or more copies worldwide. Kirby's Dream Land, the first title in the series, had been its best-selling game until it was overtaken by Kirby and the Forgotten Land thirty years into the series. Sales information for games that have sold less than one million copies is unavailable.
The Kirby manga has over 10 million copies in print.As a brand, the series sold $150 million to $200 million worth of merchandise in 2002.

 Legacy 

 Crossovers 
Kirby appears as a character in Nintendo's crossover fighting game series Super Smash Bros. (also developed by series creator Masahiro Sakurai), appearing in all installments of the franchise; Meta Knight and King Dedede have also appeared in every entry since Super Smash Bros. Brawl. Many items from the Kirby series also appear in Super Smash Bros. such as the Maxim Tomato (all games), Warp Star (since Melee), Dragoon (since Brawl) and Star Rod (all games) as items, and Knuckle Joe (since Brawl), Nightmare (since 3DS/Wii U) and Chef Kawasaki (Ultimate) appear as characters summoned by the Assist Trophy. All playable Kirby characters in Smash Bros. have the ability to jump more than twice. Kirby has also made cameo appearances in other games as well, such as The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening, EarthBound, Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga and Stunt Race FX, Arcana, Pokémon Stadium. The two Kirby Amiibo figures, one based on the Super Smash Bros. series and the other made for the Kirby franchise are compatible with Mario Kart 8 where they can be scanned to unlock a costume for the player's Mii based on his appearance, and Super Mario Maker where they can be scanned to unlock a Kirby costume.

 Other media 

 Anime 

The Kirby games were the basis for a Japanese animated TV series which premiered in Japan on October 6, 2001, where it was titled simply Hoshi no Kirby. It was produced by Warpstar, Inc., a company formed from a joint investment between Nintendo and HAL Laboratory, Inc. It was licensed in North America by 4Kids Entertainment, under the title Kirby: Right Back at Ya!, on 4Kids TV, and was distributed by 4Kids Entertainment in North America and Nelvana Limited in Canada, with VHS and DVD distribution in North America by FUNimation Entertainment and DVD distribution in Australia by Magna Pacific. It ended in Japan in 2003 with 100 episodes.
The show is about the adventures Kirby has with his friends Tiff and Tuff after he crash lands in Dream Land (this is known as "Pupu Village" in the Japanese version and "Cappy Town" in the English dub), on Popstar. Here, he is a legendary Star Warrior destined to save the universe from the intergalactic conqueror known as Nightmare. However, because he was awakened 200 years too early he arrived in a childlike state and his powers haven't fully developed. The ruler of Dream Land, King Dedede, is jealous of the attention Kirby receives from its inhabitants and frequently orders monsters from Nightmare's company, Nightmare Enterprises, in an attempt to do away with Kirby. Nightmare Enterprises at first appears to be an intergalactic delivery company, but is really a front for Nightmare's intergalactic conquest that dupes unsuspecting customers into funding Nightmare's armies. Not yet ready to achieve his destiny, Kirby must learn how to use his incredible abilities with the help of his friends, and sometimes with the help of the enigmatic Meta Knight, who while he claims to be loyal to King Dedede, will often work behind the scenes in order to aid Kirby or train him in the use of his abilities.
The show is based on the game series, but rather than being a direct adaptation of any of the games it uses characters and concepts from the games (especially Kirby's Dream Land, Kirby's Adventure, and Kirby Super Star) to tell its own story.

 Comics, manga and novels 
Kirby stars in several manga series that have been drawn by over 20 manga artists.The longest running Kirby manga, Kirby of the Stars: The Story of Dedede Who Lives in Pupupu, was serialized in CoroCoro Comic from 1994 to 2006, and released 25 tankōbon volumes with over 10 million copies being printed. The series was written and illustrated by Hirokazu Hikawa. The series was later published as a "best-of" collection, which featured the series' first new chapter in 11 years, as well as bonus comics. It was published in English as Kirby Manga Mania by Viz Media.An ongoing series of children's novels based upon the Kirby series have been published by Kadokawa Tsubasa Bunko since 2013.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Official website (in Japanese)

Andersen v. King County
Andersen v. King County, 138 P.3d 963 (Wash. 2006), formerly Andersen v. Sims, is a Washington Supreme Court case in which eight lesbian and gay couples sued King County and the state of Washington for denying them marriage licenses under the state's 1998 Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), which defined marriage as between a man and a woman. The court ruled that banning same-sex marriage is constitutional since the legislature could reasonably believe it furthers the government's interest in promoting procreation.
The state enacted same-sex marriage in 2012. Opponents forced a referendum on the issue, and voters approved the legislation on November 6.

 Lower court decisions 
In the case, King County Superior Court Judge William L. Downing ruled that the state law prohibiting same-sex marriages, or DOMA, was unconstitutional, a finding for the plaintiffs on August 4, 2004. The judge ruled that restricting the institution of marriage to opposite sex couples "is not rationally related to any legitimate or compelling state interest." The ruling was appealed to the state Supreme Court.

 Appeal 
In 2005, the Andersen v. Sims case was consolidated with Castle v. State, another case that was appealed to the Washington Supreme Court from a lower court in Thurston County. The combined cases were filed under Andersen v. King County and Washington Supreme Court heard oral argument on March 8, 2005. On July 26, 2006, the court ruled in a 5–4 decision that the state Defense of Marriage Act was constitutional. The majority ruled that the state DOMA does not violate the state's constitution.

 Decision 
In the plurality opinion signed by Justices Gerry L. Alexander and Charles W. Johnson, Justice Barbara Madsen wrote that "Under this standard, DOMA is constitutional because the legislature was entitled to believe that limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples furthers procreation, essential to the survival of the human race, and furthers the well-being of children by encouraging families where children are reared in homes headed by the children's biological parents." Justice Gerry L. Alexander issued a separate concurring opinion, emphasizing the possibility that the legislature or people could expand the definition of marriage in the state. Justice James M. Johnson also issued a separate opinion, co-signed by Justice Richard B. Sanders, which concurred with the judgment only and suggested that the lower court rulings that held DOMA unconstitutional were result-oriented and disregarded the law. The reasoning in Madsen's plurality opinion is similar to that of  New York's highest court in Hernandez v. Robles, which was decided on July 6, 2006.
The four justices that dissented accused the majority of relying upon "circular reasoning" in formulating their opinion. In the principal dissenting opinion, signed by Justices Tom Chambers, Susan Owens, and Bobbe J. Bridge, Justice Mary Fairhurst asked: "Would giving same-sex couples the same right that opposite-sex couples enjoy injure the state's interest in procreation and healthy child-rearing?" Justice Tom Chambers issued a separate dissenting opinion signed by Justice Susan Owens, while Justice Bobbe J. Bridge issued another dissenting opinion.

 Aftermath 
Same-sex marriage supporters disagreed with the procreation argument and proposed Initiative 957 to challenge the court's assertion. It would have required that all marriages recognized by the state to produce offspring within three years of their solemnization. The initiative was created by the Washington Defense of Marriage Alliance, an LGBT rights group. The Washington Defense of Marriage Alliance hoped to use this to create a test case to have a court strike down the measure and highlight what they perceived as the weakness of the Andersen decision's logic. The initiative was filed on January 10, 2007, and withdrawn on July 3, 2007, after sponsors collected about 40,000 signatures, which was too few to qualify the measure for the November ballot.A bill to legalize same-sex marriage passed the legislature and was signed by Governor Christine Gregoire on February 13, 2012, but opponents gathered enough signatures to force a voter referendum on the legislation. Voters approved the proposed legislation in November 2012, making same-sex marriage legal as of December 6 of that year.

 See also 
Domestic partnership in Washington (state)
Same-sex marriage in Washington (state)
LGBT rights in Washington (state)

 References 

 External links 
Text of the 2004 King County ruling (PDF)
Text of the 2006 Washington Supreme Court lead ruling (PDF)
Links to PDF articles on all 6 Washington Supreme Court opinions issued in Andersen v. King County.

Bordelais (1798 ship)
Bordelais (or Bourdolaise, or Bourdelais, or Bordolois), launched in 1799, was a privateer corvette from Bordeaux, France. She took part in three campaigns before HMS Révolutionnaire captured her. She then served the Royal Navy until broken up in 1804.

 French service 
Bordelais departed Bordeaux in December 1798 under Jean-François Thibaut, returning in February 1799. Her command then passed to Jean-Baptiste Darrigrand, who cruised from February to through June.
At the beginning of June Bordelais left Pasajes in company with Grand Décidé and Courageaux. They planned to intercept a convoy from Brazil, send their prizes to Pasajes, and then return there. It is not clear that they were at all successful, and in any case HMS Alcmene captured Courageaux on 26 June.Thibaut resumed command from July to August. In August, Jacques Moreau took command of Bordelais. Her armament was upgraded she departed for a cruise.
On 6 October 1799 Bordelais, under the command of Captain Joseph Moreau, detained and took into Bayonne the American vessel Victory, Robert Hatton, master. Victory was carrying tobacco, cotton, and staves to London. Hatton would not divulge the names of the cargo's owners. The French court seized the cargo but released Victory.

 Capture 
On 11 October 1799 Révolutionnaire was off the Irish coast when she sighted a strange sail. Révolutionnaire chased her quarry in a heavy gale for nine and a half hours over a distance of 114 miles (i.e., a rate of 12 miles per hour). When captured, the quarry turned out to be Bordelais, of Bordeaux. She was pierced for 26 guns but carried sixteen 12-pounder guns and eight 36-pounder carronades. She had a crew of 202 men. She had been cruising from Passage for 19 days during which time she had captured two vessels, an American ship carrying a cargo of tobacco, and a Portuguese ship sailing from Cork with provisions. Twysden, in an attempt to interest the Admiralty in purchasing her, described Bordelais as "a most beautiful new Ship, well calculated for His Majesty's Service; was the largest, and esteemed the fastest sailing Privateer out of France."Bordelais arrived at Plymouth on 24 November. Four hundred French prisoners from Aréthuse and Bourdelaise landed at Plymouth on the same day. The Admiralty took Bordelais into service as the sixth-rate post ship Bordelais.

 HMS Bordelais 
Bordelais stayed at Plymouth until April 1800, undergoing fitting out. Captain Thomas Manby commissioned her in January 1800. On 15 July, Bordelais captured the French vessel Phoenix. Indefatigable, Sirius, and Boadicea shared with Bordelais by agreement, as did Shannon. At some point, on a trip to Ireland the Bordelais foundered on a sandbank; Manby managed to refloat her by throwing everything possible overboard and she limped back to Plymouth; George Manby was also onboard.
Bordelais spent a short period spent blockading the port of Flushing. She proved unsuited to the task, being long, narrow, and low in the water, and consequently so wet her crew sickened. She therefore was ordered back to Spithead.In December Manby sailed Bordelais for the Jamaica Station, in company with Andromache as escorts to a large convoy. A gale dispersed the convoy near Cape Finisterre and Bordelais was sent to the west of Barbados to look for stragglers. On her way she recaptured two of the stragglers (Aurora and Adventure) that had already fallen prey to French privateers.The French privateer Mouche had captured Aurora, Redman, master, as she was near the Western Islands. Mouche also captured Adventure, Finlay, master. Bordelaise encountered Adventure, which only struck on 8 January 1801 after a long chase. From her Mandby found out that Mouche had captured Aurora too, and had sent her to Teneriffe. He sailed there and intercepted Aurora on 10 January as she arrived.On 28 January 1801 Bordelais encountered three French vessels, two large brigs and a schooner, off Barbados. The three were to windward and started to chase Bordelais. Mandy shortened sail to give the enemy a better chance to catch up, which they did around sunset. Mandby then turned Bordelais and engaged the larger of the brigs at a range of ten yards. The other two French vessels held off when they realized she could fire her carronades on both broadsides. After about 30 minutes the larger brig struck Robert Barrie, First Lieutenant of Bordelais, took possession of the brig, which turned out to be the 18-gun gun brig Curieuse. Curieuse was pierced for 20 guns and carried eighteen long 9-pounders. She had a crew of 168 men under the command of Captain G. Radelet. Victor "Hughes", governor of Cayenne, had dispatched the three vessels some 28 days earlier to intercept the outward-bound West Indies merchant fleet.In the engagement Bordelais had one man killed and seven wounded, generally lightly. Curieuse had some 50 men killed and wounded. Radelet survived for a few hours but eventually died from having lost both legs. About an hour after the British took possession, Bordelais started to sink. Manby ordered everyone off her, but 21 British sailors delayed because they were extricating the French wounded. Most of the rescuers were themselves rescued, but seven drowned. Dealing with the situation, securing 120 French prisoners, and repairing sails and rigging delayed Bordelais until 8p.m. She then set off after the two French vessels that had fled but was unable to find them in the night.In intercepting the three French vessels Manby helped protect the convoy from further predation. Reportedly, the French brig that escaped was Mutine, of sixteen 6-pounder guns and 156 men under the command of J. Reybaud, and the schooner Espérance, of six 4-pounder guns and 52 men under the command of Captain Haywood.From Barbados Bordelais made her way to Jamaica via Martinique. She then cruised the Mona Passage, where apparently she did great damage to the local trade. In one case a cutting out expedition at Aguadilla Bay by boats from Bordelais and another British vessel cut out a vessel that Manby turned into a tender; this vessel was lost with all hands shortly thereafter.In a second attack at Aguadilla an attempt to cut out a schooner there ended in failure, but no casualties. The cannon fire from the Spanish defences did so much damage to Bordelais that she had to return to Port Royal for repairs.Next, Bordelais cut out a small sloop with a cargo of wood from a small harbour on the coast of Puerto Rico. Manby cleared her and fitted her out as a tender. He put his second lieutenant James Gordon in command and gave him a crew of seven men and two boys. Shortly thereafter, a French privateer of one gun and 60 men captured Gordon and his sloop. The privateer took her prize into a small port near Aux Cayes. There they found another sloop, with a cargo of salt, that Bordelais captured the night before, and that the French had already recaptured, together with her prize crew of a midshipman and four men.The port was under the control of the Haitian government of Toussaint Louverture, which threw the crew of the privateer into prison. The men from Bordelais spent four months in prison but were well treated, with Gordon and the midshipman being permitted to move freely on parole. Eventually all were released to a cartel under the command of Captain Kelpoisson, the commander of the port of Aux Cayes, and the only Frenchman in a position of authority. The British arrived at Port Royal (except for one man who had died), where they found out that the war was over. They returned to Bordelais, where Gordon was able to sit down in the officers' mess before any of his fellow officers even knew that he had returned.On 23 October Barrie replaced Manby. This was a temporary appointment as Barrie was still a lieutenant. Bourdelais arrived in Portsmouth on 18 January 1802 at the same time as Barrie's promotion to commander was announced.Then on 29 April 1802 Captain John Hayes replaced Barrie. One source has Commander Barrie as captain of Bourdelais in July 1802, but this seems to be in error.

 Fate 
Bordelais was broken up in August 1804.

 Post-script 
The lines of Bordelais were taken in England after her capture; these plans have been reproduced in Clippers français.

 Notes 

 Citations 

 References 
Briot, Claude; Briot, Jacqueline (2008). Clippers français. Chasse-Marée. ISBN 978-2353570515.
Demerliac, Alain (2004). La Marine du Consulat et du Premier Empire: Nomenclature des Navires Français de 1800 A 1815 (in French). Éditions Ancre. ISBN 2-903179-30-1.
Gardiner, Robert (1999). Warships of the Napoleonic Era. London: Chatham. ISBN 1-86176-117-1.
James, William (2002) [1827]. The Naval History of Great Britain during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, Vol. 2, 1797–1799. London: Conway Maritime Press. ISBN 978-0-85177-906-5.
Perret, Bryan (1997). The Real Hornblower: The Life and Times of Admiral Sir James Gordon. Skyhorse Publishing. ISBN 978-1632201027.
Rouvier, Charles (1868). Histoire des marins français sous la République, de 1789 à 1803 (in French). Arthus Bertrand.
Stephen, Sir Leslie (1793). Dictionary of National Biography. Vol. 36. Macmillan.
Winfield, Rif (2008). British Warships in the Age of Sail 1793–1817: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. ISBN 978-1-86176-246-7.
Winfield, Rif; Roberts, Stephen S. (2015). French Warships in the Age of Sail 1786–1861: Design Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84832-204-2.

 External links 
 Media related to HMS Bordelais (ship, 1799) at Wikimedia Commons

Appalachian State University
Appalachian State University (; Appalachian, App State, App, or ASU) is a public university in Boone, North Carolina. It was founded as a teachers college in 1899 by brothers B. B. and D. D. Dougherty and the latter's wife, Lillie Shull Dougherty. The university expanded to include other programs in 1967 and joined the University of North Carolina System in 1971.The university enrolls more than 20,600 students. It offers more than 150 bachelor's degrees and 70 graduate degree programs, including two doctoral programs. The university has 8 colleges: the College of Arts and Sciences, the Walker College of Business, the Reich College of Education, the College of Fine and Applied Arts, the Beaver College of Health Sciences, the Honors College, the Hayes School of Music, and University College. In addition to its campus in Boone, it opened an additional campus in Hickory, North Carolina in fall 2023.The Athletic Teams compete in the Sun Belt Conference, except for a few sports which compete in the Southern Conference, such as wrestling. The teams are known as the Mountaineers.

 History 
Appalachian State University began in 1899 when a group of residents in Watauga County, under the leadership of Blanford B. Dougherty and his brother Dauphin D. Dougherty, began a movement to educate teachers in northwestern North Carolina. Land was donated by Daniel B. Dougherty, father of the leaders in the enterprise, and by J. F. Hardin. On this site a wood-frame building, costing $1,000, was erected by contributions from citizens of the town and county. In the fall of 1899, the Dougherty brothers, acting as co-principals, began the school, which was then called Watauga Academy. The first year saw 53 students enrolled in three grades. D. D. Dougherty's wife, Lillie Shull Dougherty, taught classes and contributed to administrative decisions.
In 1903, after interest in the school had spread to adjoining counties, D. D. Dougherty was convinced the state would fund institutions established to train teachers. He traveled to the state capital, Raleigh, after drafting a bill. W. C. Newland of Caldwell County introduced the bill in the North Carolina Legislature to make this a state school, with an appropriation for maintenance and for building. Captain E. F. Lovill of Watauga County, R. B. White of Franklin County, Clyde Hoey of Cleveland County and E. J. Justice of McDowell County spoke in favor of the measure. On March 9, 1903, the bill became law, and the Appalachian Training School for Teachers was established. The school opened on October 5, 1903, with $2,000 from the state and 325 students.For 22 years, there was a period of steady growth, academic development, and valuable service to the state. In 1925, the legislature changed the name to the Appalachian State Normal School and appropriated additional funding for maintenance and permanent improvement. Four years later, in 1929, the school became a four-year degree granting institution and was renamed Appalachian State Teachers College. Over 1,300 students were enrolled in degree programs offered for primary grades education, physical education, math, English, science, and history.Appalachian attained national standards by becoming accredited by the American Association for Teacher Education in 1939, and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools in 1942. In 1948 a Graduate School was formed. Dr. Dougherty retired in 1955, after 56 years of serving the school. J. D. Rankin became interim president until Dr. William H. Plemmons was installed. Plemmons lead from 1955 to 1969, and his administration oversaw the addition of new buildings as the campus expanded and enrollment grew to nearly 5,000 students.Appalachian was transformed from a single-purpose teachers' college into a multipurpose regional university and Appalachian State Teacher's College became Appalachian State University in 1967. Growth continued in the 1970s to around 9,500 students and 550 faculty. Afterward, four degree granting undergraduate colleges were created: Arts and Sciences, Business, Fine and Applied Arts, and Education. Dr. Herbert Wey succeeded Plemmons as president in 1969 and was named chancellor in 1971. In 1972, Appalachian State became part of the University of North Carolina system.

 Campus 
Located in the Blue Ridge Mountains of northwestern North Carolina, Appalachian State University has one of the highest elevations of any university in the United States east of the Mississippi River, at 3,333 feet (1,016 m). The university's main campus is in downtown Boone, a town of 19,092 compared to an ASU enrollment of 19,108 students. The campus encompasses 1,300 acres (5.3 km2), including a main campus of 410 acres (1.7 km2) with 20 residence halls, 3 main dining facilities, 30 academic buildings, and 11 recreation/athletic facilities.
The center of campus is nicknamed Sanford Mall, an open grassy quad between the student union, dining halls, and library. Sanford Hall, located on the mall's edge, is named for Terry Sanford, a former governor of the state. Rivers Street, a thoroughfare for town and university traffic, essentially divides the campus into east and west sections with tunnels and a pedestrian bridge connecting the two halves. The eastern half includes Sanford Mall, Plemmons Student Union, Roess Dining Hall (formerly known as Central Dining Hall), and Carol Grotnes Belk Library and Information Commons, along with two communities of residence halls. The west side has Trivette Dining Hall, the Student Recreation Center (or SRC), the Quinn Recreation Center, Kidd Brewer Stadium, and Stadium Heights and Yosef Hollow, the two remaining residence hall communities. At the north end, Bodenheimer Drive crosses over Rivers Street and leads to Appalachian Heights (an apartment-style residence hall), Mountaineer Hall, the Chancellor's House, the Living Learning Center, and Jim and Bettie Smith Stadium. The George M. Holmes Convocation Center at the south end of Rivers Street is the gateway and entrance to campus.

 Turchin Center for the Visual Arts 
The Turchin Center for the Visual Arts on the edge of main campus is the university's visual art center. The Turchin Center is the largest visual arts center in northwestern North Carolina, eastern Tennessee, and southwestern Virginia. It displays rotating exhibits indoors and outdoors, some exhibits being culturally specific to the Appalachians, and offers community outreach programs through art courses. The center was opened by Appalachian State in 2003. The newly renovated Schaefer Center for the Performing Arts, a 1,635 seat performance venue, hosts artists from around the world.

 Appalachian State University Preserve 
The Appalachian State University Nature Preserve consists of 67 acres of protected woodlands located by the heart of campus. The land was dedicated as a State Natural Area in 1999 through the North Carolina Nature Preserves Act, and serves as an outdoor classroom for students and faculty. The primary purposes of the preserve are to enable conservation, education, and recreation for students, staff, and faculty.

 Administration 
The University of North Carolina's Board of Governors plans and develops the coordinated system of higher education within the state. They set university policy but delegate Appalachian State's daily operations to a chancellor. The chancellor likewise delegates some duties to the provost, several vice-chancellors, and other administrative offices. These administrative offices are advised by several university committees on the needs of campus constituents, as represented by a Faculty Senate, Staff Senate, Graduate Student Association Senate, and the Student Government Association.

 Presidents 
B. B. Dougherty (1899–1955)
J. D. Rankin (1955, Interim)
William H. Plemmons (1955–1969)
Herbert Wey (1969–1971)

 Chancellors 
Herbert Wey (1971–1979)
Cratis Williams (1975, Acting)
John E. Thomas (1979–1993)
Francis T. Borkowski (1993–2003)
Provost Harvey Durham (2003–2004, Interim)
Kenneth E. Peacock (2004–2014)
Sheri Everts (2014–present)

 Academics 

 Rankings and recognition 

 Library 
In 2005, the Carol Grotnes Belk Library & Information Commons opened in a new 165,000-square-foot (15,300 m2) five-story building. Belk Library holds over 1.871 million bound books and periodicals, 1.5 million microforms, 24,000 sound recordings, and 14,000 videos. The Library holds varying collections, including the W.L. Eury Appalachian Collection for regional studies and the Stock Car Racing Collection. With the opening of the new library building in 2005, Bill and Maureen Rhinehart of Long Island, New York, donated a large collection of rare books in English history, spanning from the 16th to the 19th centuries. The university created a special collections room for this valuable donation which includes some 900 volumes comprising nearly 450 titles. The entire collection was published in two volumes of an annotated bibliography, compiled by retired English professor Dr. M. John Higby. Both volumes comprise almost 240 pages and are excellent in both scholarship and thoroughness. It was the last major endeavor of his career in education. The library is also home to an impressive stock car racing collection including a donation from the family of Richard "The King" Petty. Besides serving university patrons, the library also serves the local community with circulation available to registered patrons.

 Colleges 
Appalachian State offers 176 undergraduate and 42 graduate majors. The average GPA for incoming freshmen in 2017 was 4.20. Courses at Appalachian are organized into eight colleges and one graduate school:
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Fine and Applied Arts
Beaver College of Health Sciences
Hayes School of Music
The Honors College
Reich College of Education
University College
Walker College of Business
Cratis D. Williams School of Graduate Studies

 Watauga Residential College 
Watauga Residential College (formerly Watauga Global Community) is a residential college founded in 1972. Watauga College was founded to be an "interdisciplinary, experimental, residential, coed alternative for social science and humanities general education requirements."  Watauga Residential College was developed as "response to rising criticism of American education during the sixties and to the artificial fragmentation of knowledge in the academy; it was seen as a return to the world, where problems and themes do not recognize disciplinary boundaries and education is reconnected with individual learners."Although it has changed names over the years, Watauga College in 1972, Watauga Global Community in 2008, and Watauga Residential College in 2014, its mission has remained relatively the same. "Watauga Residential College pursues its mission through a sequenced, interdisciplinary, experiential curriculum that requires students to integrate class content, community-based research, and multicultural immersion. This innovative curriculum, in conjunction with the academic and residential community, creates an atmosphere for the emergence of dynamic learning experiences through unique interactions among students and faculty."  A key focus of Watauga is on the residential community so for the first year students are required to live in the living learning center.
Watauga College was first based in Watauga Hall, then for decades was based in East Hall, a large U-shaped dormitory on the east end of Campus. The dorm was known campus-wide as having the largest rooms of any dorm on the Appalachian campus, yet it was one of the oldest dorms on campus. Upon the completion of the Living Learning Center in 2003, Watauga College relocated and East Hall will either be renovated or destroyed because of the high cost of renovating such an old building.

 Off-campus centers 
Appalachian State University offers off-campus courses through three off-campus centers and online. These centers are:

The Appalachian Center at Hickory
The Appalachian Center at Burke in Morganton
The Appalachian Center at Caldwell in HudsonOff-campus programs offer students the ability to maintain family and careers while working toward a degree. Full-time undergraduate programs are available in Elementary Education, Advertising, Criminal Justice, Management, Social Work and Psychology. Appalachian provides a variety of off-campus, part-time undergraduate and graduate programs.

 Publications 
The history department of ASU publishes History Matters: An Undergraduate Journal of Historical Research (ISSN 1934-4651), an undergraduate research journal. It was established in 2003 by Eric Burnnette, an ASU undergraduate student of history. The journal accepts submissions from all undergraduates nationwide and internationally, with special attention to papers that utilize primary sources. The editorial board consists of undergraduate and faculty advisors at ASU.
Members of the ASU Department of Physics and Astronomy serve as editors for the journal The Physics Teacher.
The university publishes or holds copyrights to several other periodicals, including:

IMPULSE: The Premier Undergraduate Neuroscience Journal, Department of Psychology, College of Arts and Sciences
Appalachian Business Review, Bureau of Business and Economic Research, Walker College of Business
Appalachian Journal, Center for Appalachian Studies, College of Arts and Sciences
Appalachian Today, University magazine
Cold Mountain Review, Department of English
The International Comet Quarterly, Department of Physics and Astronomy (ceded to the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in 1990)
Journal of Developmental Education, Center for Developmental Education, Reich College of Education
Journal of Health Care Marketing, Center for Management Development, Walker College of Business
The Appalachian, student newspaper
The Peel Literature & Arts Review, yearly student arts publication

 Centers and institutes 
The university houses several academic centers and institutes related to its mission. These include:

Adult Basic Skills Professional Development Project
Appalachian Energy Center – Includes the following:
Collaborative Biodiesel Project
Renewable Energy Initiative
Small Wind R&D Site
Blue Cross NC Institute for Health and Human Services
Center for Appalachian Studies – Includes the Appalachian Collection held by Belk Library, the Appalachian Cultural Museum, and publishing editor of the Appalachian Journal
Center for Entrepreneurship
Center for Judaic, Holocaust, & Peace Studies
Center for Management Development
Goodnight Family Sustainable Development Program
Math and Science Education Center
National Center for Developmental Education and the Kellogg Institute
The Human Performance Lab at the North Carolina Research Campus
Henderson Springs LGBTQ+ Center - located in Plemmons Student Union on the first floor.
Women's Center - located in Plemmons Student Union on the first floor.
Multicultural Center - located in Plemmons Student Union.

 Student life 
Students at ASU enjoy a variety of outdoor activities. The mountains offer snowboarding, skiing, tubing, rock climbing, hiking, rafting, camping, and fishing on and around the Blue Ridge Parkway. ASU also has over 400 clubs and organizations run by the McCaskey Center for Student Involvement and Leadership, such as Greek organizations, academic and diversity clubs, and sports clubs. Before the start of every semester, the university hosts a 'Club Expo' featuring all the clubs and organizations on campus. This event is for students to find an organization or club that suits them and to become involved. The university also has volunteer centers including the Multicultural Center, the LGBT Center, and the Women's Center (which is the only completely volunteer-run Women's Center in the state of North Carolina). All three centers are under the supervision of the Multicultural Student Development Office. On November 11, 2016, ASU opened a fourth center in their student union; the Student Veterans Resource Center. The campus also sports 3 indoor fitness facilities as well as an athletics field and an outdoor recreation center.
The Appalachian Popular Programming Society (A.P.P.S.) is a university funded organization that exists to plan and provide diverse educational, enriching, and entertaining events for the community and student body of Appalachian State. Through its seven programming councils, A.P.P.S. members select, plan, promote, and present a diverse variety of popular entertainment programs and films which enhance the social and cultural life for Appalachian students. A.P.P.S. was founded in 1985 to help with the student nightlife and to support retention. APPS plays a vital role in fostering and developing an inclusive Appalachian State University community. The seven councils of A.P.P.S. include Heritage, Club Shows, Main Stage, Representation and Intentional Student Engagement (RISE), Films, Special Events, and Spirit & Traditions. Students can enjoy concerts and other miscellaneous events at Legends, an entertainment facility located on campus. ASU also offers an in-house movie theater within Plemmons Student Union, Greenbriar Theater, where students can go to watch movies.

 Sustainability 
Appalachian has invested in several sustainability projects in recent years such as:

A 100-kilowatt (130 hp) wind turbine was installed at the Broyhill Inn and Conference Center in 2008. The wind turbine has become the most visible symbol of Appalachian's projects in renewable energy. Situated at the highest point on campus and standing more than 153 feet (47 m) tall, it was selected specifically to depict an industrial-scale wind turbine. As of May 2012, the turbine had produced over 311,000 kilowatt-hours (1,120,000 MJ).
Both Frank Residence Hall, renovated in 2009, and The Mountaineer Residence Hall erected in 2011 have LEED® Gold Certifications and received a total of 68 points based on energy saving and sustainability features (65 points are needed to receive gold certification). Mountaineer Residence Hall houses a 40-panel solar thermal system to provide hot water needs. Buildings on ASU's campus that utilize solar energy include the Varsity Gym, Plemmons Student Union, Raley Hall, and Kerr Scott Hall. Kerr Scott Hall also has the first green roof on campus. The green roof works to conserve energy by providing shade and removing heat from the air through evapotranspiration.
Appalachian Food Services is working to reduce food waste on campus by sending pre- and post-consumer food waste to a composting facility whose compost is used by Appalachian's Landscape Services as fertilizers.
The AppalCART is a no-cost public transit service that services the campus and surrounding Boone community.
Solar trash compactors were installed around Sanford mall in 2010. The trash compactors run 100% on solar power, and are completely self powered.
Outside of the Living Learning Center sits The Edible Schoolyard which is a community space where students, faculty, and staff can maintain a garden plot to learn gardening practices. At this garden space, small-scale farming and gardening principles are pursued in an effort to teach productive maintenance of agricultural ecosystems, self-sufficiency, and permaculture.
We Are Still In (2018) - Over 3,500 organizations, representative of the United States' economy and society, are showing the world that we stand by the Paris Climate Agreement and are committed to meeting its goals.
Tree Campus USA certification - Appalachian State University has received Tree Campus USA certification from the Arbor Day Foundation. The certification process was a collaborative effort between the Department of Biology, Department of Geography and Planning, Physical Plant and New River Light and Power. "This certification demonstrates Appalachian's commitment to environmental aspects of sustainability."
American Campuses Act on Climate Roundtable invited participant (2015) - Appalachian State University was one of 38 institutions of higher learning invited to participate in the American Campuses Act on Climate Roundtable Nov. 19 at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington, D.C. The event was hosted by the White House Council on Environmental Quality.
Climate Leadership Award - In October 2015, the university was a recipient of Second Nature and the USGBC's Climate Leadership Award, which recognized Appalachian's commitment to climate action.
Climate Pledge - In addition, Chancellor Everts visited the White House for the Day of Climate Action and signed the American Campuses Act on Climate Pledge. Chancellor Everts also signed the newly revamped Second Nature Climate Commitment.
Received Carolina Recycling Association award - Appalachian State University's composting program has received the Outstanding Composting or Organics Program Award from the Carolina Recycling Association.

 Athletics 

Appalachian's sports teams are nicknamed the Mountaineers. The Mountaineers compete in NCAA Division I and are members of the Sun Belt Conference. Appalachian fields varsity teams in 17 sports, 7 for men and 10 for women. The Mountaineer football team started competing in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) in the 2014–2015 academic year. 

Kidd Brewer Stadium is the 30,000-seat home of Appalachian football. Nicknamed "The Rock", the stadium is located at an elevation of 3,333 feet (1,016 m). In 2017, App State added a new video board, sound system and LED ribbon displays. Kidd Brewer Stadium also offers additional stadium seating with 18 luxury suites, 600 club seats, and the Chancellor's Box areas that offer a great view of the field and campus.

The George M. Holmes Convocation Center is the home court for Appalachian's basketball teams. The 200,840-square-foot (18,659 m2) arena, with seating for 8,325, is also the home for volleyball and indoor track and field. In 2017, a new Daktronics video board was installed. The board is made up of nine displays totaling a square footage of 1,200.
University Recreation (UREC) also offers 20 club sports that compete with other regional institutions on a non-varsity level: lacrosse (men's and women's), rugby (men's and women's), soccer (men's and women's), ultimate frisbee (men's and women's), volleyball (men's and women's), climbing, cycling, equestrian, fencing, ice hockey, skiing, racquetball, snowboarding, swimming, and triathlon.
The university's cycling team has had success at the regional and national level; they compete within the Atlantic Collegiate Cycling Conference. The team competes in every discipline of bicycle racing that is acknowledged by National Collegiate Cycling Association within USA Cycling. This includes road bicycle racing, Mountain bike racing and Cyclocross. The team won the Division 2, as established by USA Cycling, collegiate team mountain bike national championships in 2008. They won the Division 2 collegiate team cyclocross national championships in 2008 and 2009. The team is now recognized as a Division 1 team.
On February 19, 2011, the Appalachian State Mountaineer women's basketball team won the 2011 Southern Conference regular-season title. The last time they had won the title was 1996. This is a first for Head Coach Darcie Vincent. On May 18, 2012, the Appalachian State baseball team beat Western Carolina University, becoming Southern Conference baseball champions for the first time since 1985.

 Football 

Appalachian won three consecutive Division I FCS (I-AA) national championships in 2005, 2006, and 2007, over the University of Northern Iowa, the University of Massachusetts, and the University of Delaware, respectively. The Mountaineers are the first FCS football team to win three straight national championships since the playoffs began in 1978. They are also the first Division I program to win three consecutive national championships since Army accomplished the feat in 1944, 1945, and 1946.In a milestone for ASU athletics, on September 1, 2007, the Appalachian State football team played their season opener at the fifth-ranked University of Michigan in front of the largest crowd to ever witness an ASU football game. Appalachian State beat Michigan in the game that would become known as the "Alltime Upset" by Sports Illustrated with a final score of 34–32 and became the first Division I FCS (I-AA) football team to defeat a Division I FBS (I-A) team ranked in the AP poll.Appalachian State moved to the FBS subdivision in 2014, finishing its first season with a winning record but ineligible for a bowl bid per NCAA rules. Each season from 2015 to 2019, App State won both its conference championship and final bowl game. In 2020, although the Mountaineers did not win the Sun Belt Conference, they did win their sixth consecutive bowl game, defeating North Texas 56–28 in the inaugural Myrtle Beach Bowl.

 Athletic bands 

The Hayes School of Music provides support for the Mountaineers at all home football games with the Marching Mountaineers, and at all home basketball games with the Appalachian Pep Band. The Marching Mountaineers travel to a select few away games each football season. The director of the athletic bands is Dr. Jason P. Gardner.

 In media 
In 2004, a committee for the Appalachian Family Caravan tour created a promotional video titled "Hot Hot Hot", shown throughout the area by Chancellor Kenneth E. Peacock. The video became an inadvertent internet phenomenon and was featured on VH1's Web Junk 20 program in early 2006. The video was never intended to promote Appalachian State to anyone but the Family Caravan, much less as a recruiting tool for prospective students. The video is no longer used by the university, due to student and alumni protests.
In 2002, MTV's program Road Rules visited App State to produce an episode called Campus Crawl, aired on-campus during an annual, winter student swimming event called the "Polar Plunge". The show's participants also crossed a high-wire strung between Coltrane and Gardner Halls.
On March 16, 2012, Appalachian State placed a tenured sociology professor on administrative leave for a variety of charges, which included showing an anti-pornography documentary, The Price of Pleasure. This move gained national attention from the academic community.

 Notable alumni 

 Academia 
BJ Casey – psychologist, expert on adolescent brain development and self-control
Henry Giroux – scholar, a founder of critical pedagogy
Robert Allen Phillips – known for work on stakeholder theory and organizational ethics
Royce Shingleton – professor and author
Laura Wright – founder of academic field of Vegan Studies

 Arts and entertainment 
Eric Bachmann – musician and producer; principal member of groups Crooked Fingers and Archers of Loaf
Carlton Bost – musician, composer, producer; member of groups Berlin, Deadsy, Orgy, and Stabbing Westward
Eric Church – country music singer
Luke Combs - country music singer who attended for five years with 21 credit hours remaining, and dropped out to pursue his music career
Eustace Conway – naturalist, focus of book The Last American Man, one of subjects featured in History Channel series Mountain Men
Liane Edwards – Americana and country music artist
Charles Frazier – novelist, author of Cold Mountain
David Furr - actor, Tony Award nominee
Michael Gregory – of The Gregory Brothers and creator of Auto-tune the News series.
Byron Hill – country and pop music songwriter
Andrew Hubner – novelist
Lisa Lynn Masters – actress
The Nude Party – Six-piece American folk/indie rock band, formed while they were students at Appalachian State in 2012
Tim Pratt – American science fiction and fantasy writer, poet, and 2007 winner of the Hugo Award, among other awards
Rainbow Kitten Surprise – Members attended and agreed on a deal with Split Rail Records, a label at Appalachian State's Hayes School of Music.
Kate Rhudy – singer, songwriter, and musician
Jason Roberts – guitarist known for collaborations with Norah Jones
Douglas Sarine – co-creator of Ask a Ninja
Mary Ellen Snodgrass – author, two-time New York Public Library award winner
Whitney Thore – TV personality
David Weber – science fiction and fantasy author
Gary Wheeler – film director and producer
Gene Wooten – Nashville Dobro player and session musician

 Athletics 
Sam Adams  – professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour
Jane Albright – women's college basketball head coach
Jennifer E. Alley – former North Carolina Tar Heels women's basketball head coach
Isaac Anderson – Olympic Greco-Roman wrestler (1988 Summer Olympics)
Jimmy Armstrong – former NFL cornerback for the Dallas Cowboys
Travaris Cadet – NFL running back
Don Cardwell – MLB pitcher, 1969 World Series champion
Dexter Coakley – NFL linebacker (Dallas Cowboys and St. Louis Rams), member of the College Football Hall of Fame
Jaylin Davis – MLB player for the San Francisco Giants
Akeem Davis-Gaither – NFL linebacker for the Cincinnati Bengals
Matt Dodge – former NFL punter
Armanti Edwards – NFL and CFL wide receiver; played quarterback at App State, led team to two NCAA FCS national championships
Ryan Ellis – NASCAR Cup Series driver
Darrynton Evans – NFL running back (Chicago Bears)
Ashley Fliehr, better known as Charlotte Flair – WWE professional wrestler (transferred to North Carolina State University)
Ed Gainey – CFL defensive back
Alvin Gentry – former NBA head coach of Miami Heat, Detroit Pistons, Los Angeles Clippers, Phoenix Suns, and New Orleans Pelicans
Tony Gravely – UFC fighter
Dino Hackett – NFL linebacker (Kansas City Chiefs)
Larry Hand – former NFL defensive end who played 13 seasons for the Detroit Lions and was selected as the Lions' most valuable player in 1972
Mary Jayne Harrelson – track athlete, two-time NCAA Division I Women's Outdoor 1500m National Champion
Cooper Hodges – NFL offensive tackle for the Jacksonville Jaguars
Ron Hodges – MLB catcher
Jason Hunter – NFL defensive end (Denver Broncos)
D'Marco Jackson – NFL linebacker for the New Orleans Saints
Dexter Jackson – NFL wide receiver (Carolina Panthers)
Shemar Jean-Charles – NFL cornerback
Daniel Jeremiah – analyst for NFL Network, writer with NFL.com, host of Move the Sticks podcast
Paul Johnson – college football head coach
Daniel Kilgore – NFL center (San Francisco 49ers)
Kendall Lamm – long-time NFL offensive tackle
Corey Lynch – former NFL safety (Tampa Bay Buccaneers)
Rico Mack – NFL linebacker
Sam Martin – NFL punter (Buffalo Bills)
Demetrius McCray – former NFL cornerback (Jacksonville Jaguars, Seattle Seahawks, Oakland Raiders)
Matt McMahon – current men's basketball head coach at LSU; former men's basketball head coach at Murray State
Doug Middleton – NFL safety (New York Jets)
Melissa Morrison-Howard – two-time Olympic hurdler bronze medalist (2000 & 2004 Summer Olympics)
Marques Murrell – former NFL linebacker (New York Jets)
Tyson Patterson – professional basketball player
Henry Pearson – NFL fullback for the Green Bay Packers
Ron Prince – NFL assistant coach Detroit Lions, former head coach at Kansas State University
Brian Quick – NFL wide receiver (Washington Redskins, St. Louis Rams)
Mike Ramsey – MLB infielder from 1978 to 1985
Mark Royals – NFL punter from 1987 to 2003
Scott Satterfield – former App State Head Football Coach; current Head Football Coach at University of Cincinnati
John Settle – NFL running back, served as NFL and college running backs coach
Belus Smawley – basketball pioneer, one of the first basketball players to regularly use the jump shot
D. J. Smith – former NFL linebacker and current college football linebacker coach
Jeffrey Springs – MLB pitcher
Matt Stevens – NFL safety
D. J. Thompson – professional basketball player
Coaker Triplett – MLB outfielder for Cubs, Cardinals, and Phillies from 1938 to 1945
Daniel Wilcox – NFL tight end (Baltimore Ravens)
Steve Wilks – NFL defensive coordinator for the San Francisco 49ers
Everett Withers – football head coach of Texas State Bobcats, former head coach of James Madison Dukes and University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

 Business 
James Edgar Broyhill – founder of Broyhill Furniture Industries, Inc.
Chuck Gallagher – entrepreneur, speaker and author
Harry L. Williams – president and CEO of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund

 Economics and finance 
Stephen J. Dubner – writer, co-author of Freakonomics
Chris Swecker – Head of Corporate Security for Bank of America and former assistant director, FBI

 Government and law 
Lt. Gen. Robert P. Ashley – 19th Director of the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency
Chad Barefoot – former North Carolina state Senator who represented the 18th district from 2013 to 2018
Ted Budd – U.S. Senator; former member of U.S. House of Representatives from North Carolina's 13th district
Javiera Caballero – Member of the Durham City Council
Anderson Clayton – American political activist, chair of the North Carolina Democratic Party, and youngest chair of a state political party in the U.S., having been first elected at 25 years old
Howard Coble – former Republican 6th district U.S. Congressman from Greensboro, North Carolina (only attended Appalachian for one year)
Kevin Corbin - State Senator, North Carolina
Morris "Moe" Davis – United States Air Force officer, lawyer, and administrative law judge who is running as a Democrat for Congress in North Carolina's 11th Congressional District. Davis was appointed the third Chief Prosecutor of the Guantanamo military commissions, where he served from September 2005 until October 2007, when he resigned his post over objections over use of waterboarding for obtaining evidence.
Danya Dayson – Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
Josh Dobson – former North Carolina House representing 85th district, current North Carolina Commissioner of Labor
Andy Dulin – North Carolina House representing 104th district
Destin Hall – North Carolina House representing 87th district
Allen Joines – 17th Mayor of Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Brock Long – FEMA administrator
Steve Metcalf – lobbyist and former politician
Chris Swecker – attorney, assistant director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the Criminal Investigative Division, has appeared as a guest on CNN, CNBC, and Fox News
Lt. Gen John R. Evans Jr. – 8th Commanding General, United States Army North

 Ministry and religion 
Henry Babers – evangelist and scholar
Franklin Graham – evangelist and missionary, son of Billy Graham, CEO and president of Samaritan's Purse
James Emery White – pastor, author, and professor

 Science 
Emily E. Edwards – American physicist specializing in physics education and outreach concerning quantum mechanics, as well as executive director of the Illinois Quantum Information Science and Technology Center (IQUIST) at the University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign and co-leader of the National Q-12 Education Partnership, a joint project of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Science Foundation
Steven M. Greer – American ufologist and retired physician who founded the Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI) and the Disclosure Project, which seeks the disclosure of alleged classified UFO information
Rachel Harris Larson – chemist and dental researcher who studied the interrelationships of genetics, nutrition, and bacteriology in dental caries
Stanley South – archaeologist, author of Method and Theory in Historical Archaeology

 References 
Notes

Citations

 External links 

Official website 
Official athletics website
Appalachian State University Yearbooks. North Carolina Digital Heritage Center.

1983 US embassy bombing in Beirut
The April 18, 1983, United States embassy bombing was a suicide bombing in Beirut, Lebanon, that killed 32 Lebanese, 17 Americans, and 14 visitors and passers-by. The victims were mostly embassy and CIA staff members, but also included several US soldiers and one US Marine Security Guard. It was the deadliest attack on a US diplomatic mission up to that time, and was considered the beginning of Islamist attacks on US targets.
The attack came in the wake of an intervention in the Lebanese Civil War by the United States and other Western countries, which sought to restore order and central government authority.

 Bombing 
The car bomb was detonated by a suicide bomber driving a van packed with nearly 2,000 pounds (900 kg) of explosives at approximately 1:00 p.m. (GMT+2) April 18, 1983. The van, originally sold in Texas, bought used and shipped to the Gulf, gained access to the embassy compound and parked under the portico at the very front of the building, where it exploded. Former CIA operative Robert Baer's account says that the van broke through an outbuilding, crashed through the lobby door and exploded there.The blast collapsed the entire central facade of the horseshoe-shaped building, leaving the wreckage of balconies and offices in heaped tiers of rubble, and spewing masonry, metal and glass fragments in a wide swath. The explosion was heard throughout West Beirut and broke windows as far as a mile away. Rescue workers worked around the clock, unearthing the dead and wounded.
Robert S. Dillon, then Ambassador to Lebanon, recounted the attack in his oral history:

All of a sudden, the window blew in. I was very lucky, because I had my arm and the T-shirt in front of my face, which protected me from the flying glass. I ended up flat on my back. I never heard the explosion. Others said that it was the loudest explosion they ever heard. It was heard from a long distance away.
As I lay on the floor on my back, the brick wall behind my desk blew out. Everything seemed to happen in slow motion. The wall fell on my legs; I could not feel them. I thought they were gone. The office filled with smoke, dust, and tear gas. What happened was that the blast first blew in the window and then traveled up an air shaft from the first floor to behind my desk. We had had tear gas canisters on the first floor. The blast set them off so that the air rush that came up through the shaft brought the tear gas with it and also collapsed the wall.
We didn't know what had happened. The central stairway was gone, but the building had another stairway, which we used to make our way down, picking our way through the rubble. We were astounded to see the damage below us. I didn't realize that the entire bay of the building below my office had been destroyed. I hadn't grasped that yet. I remember speculating that some people had undoubtedly been hurt. As we descended, we saw people hurt. Everybody had this funny white look because they were all covered with dust. They were staggering around.

We got to the second floor, still not fully cognizant of how bad it was, although I recognized that major damage had been done. With each second, the magnitude of the explosion became clearer. I saw Marylee MacIntyre standing; she couldn't see because her face had been cut and her eyes were full of blood. I picked her up and took her over to a window and gave her to someone. A minute later, someone came up to me and said that Bill MacIntyre was dead; he had just seen the body. That was the first time I realized that people had been killed. I didn't know how many, but I began to understand how bad the blast had been. 

 Death toll 
A total of 63 people were killed in the bombing: 32 Lebanese employees, 17 Americans, and 14 visitors and passers-by. Of the Americans killed, eight worked for the Central Intelligence Agency, including the CIA's top Middle East analyst and Near East director, Robert Ames, Station Chief Kenneth Haas, James Lewis and most of the Beirut staff of the CIA.Others killed included William R. McIntyre, deputy director of the United States Agency for International Development, two of his aides, and four US military personnel. Janet Lee Stevens, an American journalist, human rights advocate, and scholar of Arabic literature, was also among the dead. Lebanese victims included clerical workers at the embassy, visa applicants waiting in line and nearby motorists and pedestrians. An additional 120 or so people were wounded in the bombing.

 Response 

 Responses 
US President Ronald Reagan on April 18 denounced the "vicious terrorist bombing" as a "cowardly act," saying, "This criminal act on a diplomatic establishment will not deter us from our goals of peace in the region." Two envoys, Philip C. Habib and Morris Draper, continued their peace mission in Beirut to discuss Lebanese troop withdrawals with a renewed sense of urgency.
The next day, Ambassador Robert Dillon, who had narrowly escaped injury in the bombing, said: "Paramount among the essential business is our work for the withdrawal of all foreign forces from Lebanon." It is only by securing Lebanese government control over the country "that terrible tragedies like the one we experienced yesterday can be avoided in the future."The President of Lebanon, Amine Gemayel, cabled President Reagan on April 18, saying, "The Lebanese people and myself express our deepest condolences to the families of the U.S. victims. The cross of peace is the burden of the courageous." Meanwhile, Lebanon asked the United States, France, and Italy to double the size of the peacekeeping force. As of March 16, it numbered about 4,800 troops, including some 1,200 US Marines, 1,400 Italian soldiers, 2,100 French paratroopers and 100 British soldiers.
Iran denied any role in the attack. Foreign Minister, Ali Akbar Velayati said, "We deny any involvement and we think this allegation is another propaganda plot against us."On April 19, Prime Minister Menachem Begin of Israel sent President Reagan a message of condolence for the embassy bombing. "I write in the name of Israel when I express to you my deep shock at the terrible outrage which took the lives of so many of the American embassy in Beirut yesterday." Defense Minister Moshe Arens, was quoted by Israeli radio that he told the cabinet the attack "justified Israel's demands for security arrangements in Lebanon." Minister Yitzhak Shamir of Israel called the embassy bombing "shocking" but added that, "In Lebanon nothing is surprising. I think the lesson is simple and understood. The security problems in Lebanon are still most serious, and terrorist organizations will continue to operate there, at times with great success."

 US Congressional response 
The House Foreign Affairs Committee April 19 voted to approve $251 million in additional economic and military aid for Lebanon, as requested by the administration. But it attached an amendment to the bill that would force the White House to seek approval for any expanded US military role.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee followed suit April 20, approving the aid request but attaching an amendment that required the president to obtain congressional authorization for "any substantial expansion in the number or role of US armed forces in Lebanon or for the creation of a new, expanded or extended multinational peacekeeping force in Lebanon." If Congress did not act jointly on such a request within 60 days, however, the increase would then take effect automatically.
The Senate amendment was sponsored as a compromise by the committee's chairman, Republican Charles H. Percy of Illinois. It prevented a move by the committee's ranking Democrat, Claiborne Pell of Rhode Island, to extend the 1973 War Powers Resolution to Lebanon. On April 20, Pell said he would have had the votes to apply the resolution to US Marines in Lebanon. The law limited presidential commitment of troops in hostile situations to a maximum of 90 days unless Congress specifically approved their use.
Deputy Secretary of State Kenneth W. Dam, in a letter to the committee, had argued forcefully against use of the War Powers Resolution. Dam said it would "amount to a public finding that US forces will be exposed to imminent risk of involvement in hostilities", which "could give entirely the wrong public impression" of US expectations for Lebanon's future. Several influential congressmen had been urging an end to the US military role in Lebanon. After the embassy bombing, April 19, Republican Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona said, "I think it's high time we bring the boys home."

 Aftermath 

 Responsibility 
A pro-Iranian group calling itself the Islamic Jihad Organization took responsibility for the bombing in a telephone call to a news office immediately after the blast. The anonymous caller said, "This is part of the Iranian Revolution's campaign against imperialist targets throughout the world. We shall keep striking at any crusader presence in Lebanon, including the international forces." The group had earlier taken responsibility for a grenade attack in which five U.S. members of the international peacekeeping force had been wounded.
Judge John Bates of the US District Court in Washington, D.C., on September 8, 2003, awarded in a default judgment $123 million to 29 American victims and family members of Americans killed in the bombing. Judge Royce Lamberth of the US District Court in Washington, D.C., on May 30, 2003, determined that the bombing was carried out by the militant group Hezbollah with the approval and financing of senior Iranian officials, paving the way for the victims to seek damages. Iran was not present in court to challenge witnesses nor present evidence of their own.

 Other effects 
Following the attack, the embassy was moved to a supposedly more secure location in East Beirut. However, on September 20, 1984, another car bomb exploded at this embassy annex, killing twenty Lebanese and two American soldiers.
The April bombing was not the first suicide attack in the region. In December 1981 a suicide bomber attacked the Iraqi embassy in Beirut. Around 30 people were killed, among them the Iraqi ambassador to Lebanon. Another 95 people were injured. In December, 1982, a suicide bomber blew up the Israeli army headquarters in Tyre. Around 75 Israeli soldiers and security personnel were killed in the blast. Over the next eight months after the US embassy blast, several other suicide attacks occurred, including one against the US and French embassies in Kuwait, a second attack on Israeli Army's headquarters in Tyre, and the extremely destructive attacks on the US Marine and French Paratrooper barracks in Beirut on October 23, 1983.
Along with the Marine Barracks bombing, the 1983 US Embassy bombing prompted the Inman Report, a review of overseas security for the US Department of State. This in turn prompted the creation of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security and the Diplomatic Security Service within the State Department.

 See also 
1983 Beirut barracks bombings
1984 United States embassy annex bombing in Beirut
History of Hezbollah
List of embassy attacks
Terrorist attacks on U.S. diplomatic facilities
List of mass car bombings
2013 Iranian embassy bombing

 References 

 Further reading 
Goodarzi, Jubin M. Syria and Iran: Diplomatic Alliance and Power Politics in the Middle East. New York: Tauris Academic Studies, 2006.
Kushner, Dr. Harvey W. Encyclopedia of Terrorism. United States: Sage Publications, Inc., 2003.
Martin, Gus. The New Era of Terrorism: Selected Readings. United States: Sage Publications, Inc., 2004.
Daragahi, Borzou, "Victims Of 1983 Bombing Of U.S. Embassy In Beirut Recalled", Los Angeles Times, April 19, 2008.

 External links 
Never Forgotten: The Deadliest Day in CIA History, CIA website
 Media related to 1983 United States embassy bombing at Wikimedia Commons

List of Hardy Boys books
This is a list of all Hardy Boys books published, by series.

 The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories (1927–2005) 

 Grosset & Dunlap 

 Simon & Schuster 
In 1979, the Hardy Boys books began to be published by Wanderer Books Simon & Schuster in paperback format. Though formatted differently from the original 58-volume series which continued under Grosset & Dunlap's control, these new books were published under the Hardy Boys Mystery Stories banner. These books feature increasingly contemporary cover illustrations and some books have multiple versions of the cover art.
To collectors of Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew books, books in the original series published at Simon & Schuster are called "Digests". This is due to the books resembling Digest-size paperbacks, differing from Grosset & Dunlap's hardcover books (one of the reasons Adams switched to Simon & Schuster was that Grosset & Dunlap did not like this move, while Simon & Schuster agreed to it).
In 2005, the first eight volumes from Wanderer (#59-66) were republished by Grosset & Dunlap, alongside the first eight Nancy Drew volumes from Wanderer. These republications went out of print in 2013.

 Wanderer editions 
The main plot, formula, and continuity of the books remained similar to the original Grosset & Dunlap books still being published at the time. After Harriet Adams died in 1982, the Syndicate continued with five of its partners (Adams' remaining three children, plus authors Nancy Axelrod and Lilo Wuenn), until its sale to Simon & Schuster in 1987.
Night of the Werewolf was originally listed as the next book at the end of Sting of the Scorpion. Grosset & Dunlap continued to list this until they lost a court case against the Syndicate and Simon & Schuster in May 1980. The book was later revised to eliminate the next title and instead referenced the first book in the series, The Tower Treasure. They later published Night of the Werewolf and the next seven titles in 2005, with the permission and collaboration of Simon & Schuster. These last eight titles were discontinued once the license ran out.

 Minstrel editions 
After volume 85, the series took a two-and-a-half-year hiatus due to the sale of the Stratemeyer Syndicate to Simon & Schuster. At this point, book packager Mega-Books took over the series, and hired different ghostwriters for the job (many of whom are still unknown).  Mega-Books worked on the series until #153 Eye On Crime in 1998.  Starting with #154 The Caribbean Cruise Caper, Simon & Schuster handled all books internally. The ghostwriters who are known are ones who have either been discovered through other resources, or have publicly revealed themselves as a ghostwriter for the series.

 Aladdin editions 
With the new millennium, the series changed publishers to the Aladdin subdivision of Simon & Schuster. With the reboot of Nancy Drew into Girl Detective, coupled with declining sales, Simon & Schuster ended the original series in April 2005.

 Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys: Be a Detective Mystery Stories (1984–1985) 
In these books the reader controls the outcome of the story by choosing different options of advancing the plot, similar to the Choose Your Own Adventure books.

The Secret of the Knight’s Sword
Danger on Ice
The Feathered Serpent
Secret Cargo
The Alaskan Mystery
The Missing Money Mystery

 The Hardy Boys Casefiles Series (1987–1998) 
The Hardy Boys Casefiles are aimed at early-to-mid teen readers and have more mature themes, including espionage, murder, and slight romance. The new direction the series would take was set in the first volume, Dead On Target, as a bomb planted in the Hardy Boys' car blows up Joe's longtime girlfriend, Iola Morton, in the first chapter. Book packager Mega-Books and Simon & Schuster released the first two Casefiles under the Archway imprint in April 1987 and continued to release a new title monthly until November 1997. In January 1998 the last Casefile, #127 Dead in the Water, was released. This series was published in mass-market, or rack-sized, paperbacks to widen the distribution of the books to supermarkets and other outlets. In September 1987 the Hardy Boys Digest series was revived and continued with #86 The Mystery of the Silver Star.  Events from the Casefiles are not referenced in the Digest series, and Iola Morton is alive and connected with Joe Hardy as in the previous 85 titles. The Casefiles universe also merges with the Nancy Drew Files and Tom Swift worlds in titles published as A Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys SuperMystery and A Hardy Boys and Tom Swift UltraThriller. Several spin-off series were cancelled by Simon & Schuster at the end of 1997, including The Hardy Boys Casefiles.

In addition, there were three unpublished titles, only two of them known: Book #128, titled Explosive Force, was written by Jerry Novick, and a complete manuscript exists; Book #130, titled The Crisscross Crime, was rewritten for the original series, and released as #150.

 Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys Super Mystery Series (1988–1998) 

The Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew teamed up in this 36-volume series of paperbacks. This series follows the formula of the main characters and their friends typically involved in separate mysteries that end up being connected. The sleuths join forces to solve the overall mystery. This series is based in the Nancy Drew Files and Hardy Boys Casefiles continuity, so murder, romance, and flirtation between the series regulars are common. Nancy Drew and Frank Hardy share an attraction in this series, though after a brief kiss in The Last Resort this attraction is not acted on. Subsequent books focus on the respect and friendship that developed between the two and their continued feelings for Ned Nickerson and Callie Shaw. Several spin-off series were cancelled by Simon & Schuster at the end of 1997, including the Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys SuperMystery series.  Starting in 2007, in order to differentiate between the new Super Mystery series, many fans started referring to this series as SuperMystery'88.

 Hardy Boys and Tom Swift Ultra Thriller Series (1992–1993) 
The two-volume Ultra-Thriller series is a short-lived Hardy Boys spin-off that joined boy inventor Tom Swift with the crime-solving Hardy Boys, Frank and Joe. Although the Franklin W. Dixon pseudonym was used, the series was more akin to the then-current Tom Swift IV series and listed in the Tom Swift books as part of that series. Published as mass-market paperback books under the Archway imprint of Simon & Schuster.  Both books were written by Bill McKay.

Time Bomb
The Alien Factor

 Collector's editions and foreign publications 
From 1998 to 1999, Simon & Schuster published three Hardy Boys Casefiles Collector's Editions that contained three previously published Casefiles stories (Vol. 1 #'s 38, 39 and 40; Vol. 2 #'s 48, 51 and 52; Vol. 3 #'s 55, 58 and 59).  In 2005, Simon & Schuster reprinted Vol. 3 in hardcover with a different cover that used the current Hardy Boys Mystery Stories (Digest) cover of a file folder with modified art from Hardy Boys #152, exclusively for Borders Bookstores.
The Canadian rights to the Casefiles and its spin-offs have been held by Paperjacks (April 1987-December 1989) and Distican, Inc./Simon & Schuster Canada (January 1990 – present; Simon & Schuster US bought out Distican in 2002 and just changed the company name).  Aside from inserting an ad for their 'Books By Mail' program, their address on the copyright page, and a small Maple Leaf with "Printed In Canada" being put on the front covers, and distributing the books, Paperjacks was allowed no other editorial/layout changes to the books.  Once Distican took over the rights in January 1990, the books were all published in the US and just distributed by Distican in Canada with no publishing occurring in Canada.
Simon & Schuster UK have published many 2-in-1 and 3-in-1 books of the Casefiles since the early 1990s in the UK and other British Commonwealth Nations (except Canada).  In 2005/06 Simon & Schuster UK reissued four Casefiles under the Undercover Brothers label, with two other books being planned but cancelled before publication.
Armada/Collins held the UK/British Commonwealth (except Canada) rights to the Casefiles from about 1988 till 1991, with reprint rights continuing throughout the 1990s, allowing Armada to publish different 2-in-1 and 3-in-1 books of the first 10 Casefiles.

 The Clues Brothers (1997–2000) 
The Clues Brothers books were aimed at younger readers, particularly in third and fourth grades. The series was introduced in 1997 and was cancelled in 2000 for lack of popularity. Starting in 2013 the series is available as ebooks.
This series had some big differences from the other Hardy Boys books, such as:

The Hardy Boys do not solve major crimes as they do in the others.
In these books, Joe and Frank are only 8 and 9, unlike the other books where they are 17 and 18.
They go to Bayport Elementary School; in the others, they go to Bayport High School.

 The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers (2005–2012) 

The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers is a series of paperback books which replaced the Digest paperbacks in early 2005.
The Hardy Boys are now agents of A.T.A.C. (American Teens Against Crime) and are solving more realistic and/or violent crimes.
This series is written in first-person narrative style with Frank and Joe alternating chapters.

Spy Set - box set of volumes 1–4 (2005)

 Super Mysteries 
Wanted - 2006
Kidnapped at the Casino - 2007
Haunted (Special Ghost Story edition) - 2008

 Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys Super Mystery Series (2007–2012) 
The Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys Super Mystery books are a new series first published in June 2007 and are not to be confused with the Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys SuperMystery series that was published between 1988 and 1998.  Many fans, in order to avoid confusion with the earlier series, refer to this series as the Super Mystery'07 series.
This is a spin-off series of the Nancy Drew: Girl Detective series and The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers series. Books are narrated in the first person with chapters alternating between Nancy's, Frank's, and Joe's view. Series was cancelled with Nancy Drew: Girl Detective and The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers in 2012.

Terror on Tour - 2007
Danger Overseas - 2008
Club Dread - 2009
Gold Medal Murder - 2010
Bonfire Masquerade - 2011
Stage Fright - 2012

 The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers Graphic Novels (2005–2010) 
The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers also appear in a series of graphic novels by Papercutz.

 The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers – The New Case Files Graphic Novels (2010–2011) 
(A new graphic novel series from Papercutz)

Crawling with Zombies - October 26, 2010
Break-Up! - March 15, 2011
Nancy Drew: Girl Detective - The New Case Files #3 / Together With The Hardy Boys – August 2, 2011 (this book is listed as number 3 in the second Nancy Drew graphic novel series, but it is also the 3rd story in the second Hardy Boys graphic novel series and concludes the plot that was begun in The Hardy Boys: Undercover Brothers – The New Case Files #1 and #2, and Nancy Drew: Girl Detective – The New Case Files #1 and #2)

 The Hardy Boys Adventures (2013–present) 
In 2011, Simon & Schuster cancelled the Undercover Brothers series and launched a new series, Hardy Boys Adventures, publishing four volumes in 2013. The reboot series publishes two to three new titles a year in paperback, hardcover book with dust jacket, and as eBooks. This series is written in the first person with chapters alternating between Frank's and Joe's narration. The first four titles had an initial printing of 25,000 copies in paperback and 2,500 copies in hardcover. Books 5 through 8 had an initial print run of 25,000 in paperback and 5,000 in hardcover. Books 9 and 10 had an initial print run of 10,000 in paperback and 5,000 in hardcover. Audio books were released starting in 2015 on CD and download, read by Tim Gregory. The first three titles were published as a single volume in June 2016 using the cover art from the first book in the series.

 Titles 

 Trivia 
The original title for Mystery of the Phantom Heist was Masked Mayhem, and listed as such for pre-order on several online sites before the name change.
The working title for Bound for Danger was Foul Play. This would have been the third use of this title in a Hardy Boys series.
The original book scheduled for February 2019 was The Vanishing Room, and listed for pre-order as such on several online sites. It was later retitled The Disappearance, which had a different plot. The cover art was retained, with only the book title being changed.
The Hardy Boys appear in the Nancy Drew Diaries title A Nancy Drew Christmas, which was released in September 2018.

 The Hardy Boys Secret Files (2010–2015) 
The Hardy Boys Secret Files is a series begun in 2010 by the publisher Simon & Schuster under their Aladdin imprint. It features the Hardy Boys, Frank and Joe, as grade-school detectives. Three new titles are published yearly as paperback books and eBooks. This series rebooted in 2016 as the Hardy Boys Clue Book series.

Trouble at the Arcade
The Missing Mitt
Mystery Map
Hopping Mad
A Monster of a Mystery
The Bicycle Thief
The Disappearing Dog
Sports Sabotage
The Great Coaster Caper
A Rockin' Mystery (October 2012)
Robot Rumble (April 2013)
Lights, Camera...Zombies! (August 2013)
Balloon Blow-Up (December 2013)
Fossil Frenzy (April 2014)
Ship of Secrets (August 2014)
Camping Chaos (December 2014)
The Great Escape (April 2015)
Medieval Upheaval (August 2015)
The Race Is On (December 2015)

 The Hardy Boys Clue Book (2016–present) 
This is a re-boot of the Hardy Boys Secret Files series published by Aladdin Paperbacks in paperback, hardcover, and eBook editions written by Franklin W. Dixon with covers and internal illustrations by Matt David. Illustrations and cover art for book #7 by Santy Gutierrez. This is an interactive series, as readers will get to write down their clues and predictions. A page before the final chapter has questions the reader can answer regarding suspects, clues, and solutions. The first book in the series references events in the last book of the Hardy Boys Secret Files series, making this a continuation of that series.  

 Titles 

 Nancy Drew and The Hardy Boys Dynamite Comic Books (2017) 
Published by Dynamite Entertainment.

Nancy Drew and The Hardy Boys: The Big Lie (March–August 2017; 6 issues): In this modern take, teenage brothers Frank and Joe Hardy are accused of the murder of their father – a detective in the small resort town of Bayport – and must team up with the femme fatale Nancy Drew to prove their innocence (and find the real guilty party in the process) in a twisting, hardboiled tale, complete with double-crosses, deceit, and dames.
Nancy Drew & The Hardy Boys: The Mystery of the Missing Adults! (July 2019)
Nancy Drew & The Hardy Boys: The Death of Nancy Drew (April–November 2020; 6 issues)

 Specials 
The Hardy Boys Detective Handbook (1959)
The Hardy Boys Handbook: Seven Stories of Survival (1980)
Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys: Super Sleuths (1981)
Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys: Super Sleuths #2 (1984)
Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys: Campfire Stories (1984)
The Hardy Boys Ghost Stories (1984)

 Notes 

 References 

Cowboys–Packers rivalry
The Cowboys–Packers rivalry is a professional American football rivalry in the National Football League (NFL) between the Dallas Cowboys and the Green Bay Packers. The two teams do not play each other every year; instead, they play at least once every three years and at least once every six seasons at each team's home stadium. Due to the NFL's scheduling rotation, all NFC East teams will battle all NFC North teams every third year. In addition, not only the two teams could meet in the playoffs in a given season, but also if the two teams finish in the same place in their respective divisions in any season, they will play each other the following season. The rivalry has also resulted in several notable games, including nine playoff games. CBS ranked this rivalry as the No. 3 NFL rivalry of the 1990s.

 History 
Although the rivalry has existed throughout the history of each team, it was most notable during two time periods. The first period occurred during late 1960s as both teams were highly successful prior to the AFL-NFL merger, which culminated in meeting in consecutive NFL Championship Games in 1966 and 1967. The 1967 meeting has been labelled the "Ice Bowl", with the temperature at kick-off at -13 °F (-25 °C). The Packers won the game on a late quarterback sneak by Bart Starr, which sent them to the Super Bowl. Each game ended in dramatic fashion in favor of the Packers, which led to them winning the first two Super Bowls (Super Bowl I and II).  The Cowboys never defeated the Packers in the time Vince Lombardi was Packers head coach. 
The second period of notability occurred throughout the 1990s as both the Packers and Cowboys, alongside the San Francisco 49ers, were amongst the strongest teams in the NFC. The Packers and Cowboys met in the postseason three straight years from 1993 to 1995, with Dallas winning in each encounter, all of which were in Dallas. The Cowboys won two of their three Super Bowls in this period after defeating Green Bay in the postseason and won nine of ten meetings in the 90s. From 1992 to 1997, the Cowboys and Packers combined for five Super Bowl appearances and four Super Bowl championships. Additionally, the Packers won Super Bowl XLV in AT&T Stadium in 2011. Even during periods where one or both teams were not successful, the match-up was still considered a "storied championship rivalry".During the Brett Favre era in Green Bay, the Cowboys dominated the rivalry, going 9–2 (including 9–0 in Dallas) against the Packers when Favre was the quarterback. However, the Aaron Rodgers era saw the Packers dominate the rivalry, as Rodgers compiled an 8-2 record against the Cowboys during his time as Packers starter, including a perfect 3–0 record in Dallas. This includes the infamous Dez Caught It game in Green Bay in the 2014 playoffs. Late in the game, quarterback Tony Romo completed what was initially called a catch on 4th down to wide receiver Dez Bryant near the goal line. After review though, the referees overturned the catch, saying that Bryant "did not complete the act of making the catch" after he bobbled the ball as he hit the ground. The Packers gained possession on the turnover on downs and ended up winning the game.Two seasons after the controversial 2014 NFC Divisional Game, the 4-seeded Packers again faced off against the top-seeded Cowboys in a 2016 NFC Divisional Game, which was played in Dallas. The Packers, who lost soundly to the Cowboys earlier that season in Green Bay, raced out to a 21-3 lead in the first half. However, Dallas, behind the efforts of Bryant and rookie quarterback Dak Prescott, fought back to tie the game at 28 in the 4th quarter. After the teams traded field goals, Green Bay had a chance to drive into field goal range and win the game at the end of regulation. However, the Packers faced a 3rd and 20 at their own 32-yard line with 12 seconds left in regulation and just one timeout at their disposal. Although their chances of getting into field goal range were highly improbable, Rodgers threw a laser to tight end Jared Cook, who caught the ball along the Dallas sideline and barely managed to drag both feet in bounds while possessing the ball for an incredible 36-yard completion that got Green Bay into field goal range with time remaining. Kicker Mason Crosby then converted the ensuing 51-yard field goal attempt as time expired to send the Cowboys home and the Packers to the NFC Championship Game. With this defeat, Green Bay remained undefeated at Dallas’ AT&T Stadium, while Dallas failed to participate in a conference championship game for the 21st consecutive season. 
The two teams played their first overtime game in the series on November 13, 2022. The 3–6 Packers, riding a five-game losing streak, entered the game as 3.5-point underdogs to the 6–2 Cowboys, led by former Packers head coach Mike McCarthy in his return to Lambeau Field since getting fired by the Packers in 2018. After a scoreless first quarter, the two teams entered halftime tied at 14 after each team scored two touchdowns. The Cowboys would score two more touchdowns in the third quarter to take a 28-14 lead heading into the fourth quarter. The Cowboys had never lost a game in franchise history when leading by 14 or more points in the fourth quarter, but two touchdown passes from Aaron Rodgers to rookie wide receiver Christian Watson allowed the Packers to tie the game and send it to overtime. After getting the ball first to start overtime, the Cowboys marched down to the Packers' 35-yard line and faced a fourth down and three, but couldn’t convert and turned the ball over on downs. On the Packers' ensuing drive, Rodgers completed a 36-yard pass to wide receiver Allen Lazard on third down to set up Mason Crosby's game-winning field goal. This would be the final start in the series for Rodgers, who was traded to the New York Jets the following offseason.As of the 2023 season, Green Bay is one of two NFC teams (along with the San Francisco 49ers) with a winning record against the Cowboys, and one of only six teams in the NFL with a winning record against the Cowboys. The two teams have met nine times in the postseason, with Green Bay leading the series 5–4.The two rivals most recently met in the wild card round of the 2023–24 NFL playoffs at AT&T Stadium on January 14, 2024. In an upset, 7th-seeded Green Bay defeated 2nd-seeded and McCarthy-led Dallas by a final score of 48–32. At one point, the Packers led their rival by 32 points in the fourth quarter. This was the first time a 7th-seeded team won a playoff game since the NFL expanded the playoffs to 14 teams in 2020.The win also prevented the Cowboys from having a third straight matchup with the teams' fellow rival San Francisco 49ers.

 Game results 

 See also 

National Football League rivalries

 References 

2022 Philadelphia Eagles season
The 2022 season was the Philadelphia Eagles' 90th in the National Football League (NFL), their 20th playing home games at Lincoln Financial Field, their second under head coach Nick Sirianni, and seventh under general manager Howie Roseman since he returned to the position (twelfth overall). The Eagles started 8–0 for the first time in franchise history, before their winning streak was snapped with a 32–21 upset loss to the Washington Commanders in Week 10. They improved on their 9–8 record from last year after a 40–33 victory over the Green Bay Packers in Week 12. With a 48–22 road win over the division rival New York Giants in Week 14, the Eagles clinched their second straight playoff berth, and their fifth in six seasons. After a 25–20 road win over the Chicago Bears in Week 15, the Eagles matched their franchise-best 13–1 start in the 2004 season and secured their third 13-win season win in franchise history, after 2004 and 2017. With a 22–16 win over the Giants in Week 18, the Eagles won the NFC East for the first time since 2019, and clinched the NFC's #1 seed for the first time since 2017. The Eagles also reached 14 regular season wins, a franchise record.
In the Divisional Round, the Eagles routed the Giants 38–7 for their first postseason win since 2018. With this win, Philadelphia completed a 3-0 sweep of all three games played against New York, and advanced to the NFC Championship for the first time since 2017. The Eagles went on to win the NFC Championship against an injury depleted San Francisco 49ers team 31–7, advancing to Super Bowl LVII, their fourth Super Bowl appearance in franchise history, to face the Kansas City Chiefs and former longtime head coach Andy Reid. The Eagles ultimately lost to the Chiefs by a score of 38–35. 
This season was the first season in which the Eagles used a black alternate helmet, following the NFL modifying a 2013 rule limiting teams to one helmet.

 Roster changes 

 Free agents 

 Signings 

 Departures 

 Trades 
April 28: The Eagles traded a first-round pick in the 2022 NFL Draft and a third-round pick in the 2022 NFL Draft to the Tennessee Titans for WR A. J. Brown.
August 15: The Eagles traded TE J. J. Arcega-Whiteside to the Seattle Seahawks for S Ugo Amadi.
August 24: The Eagles traded S Ugo Amadi and a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NFL Draft to the Tennessee Titans for a sixth-round pick in the 2024 NFL Draft.
August 30: The Eagles traded a fifth-round pick in the 2023 NFL Draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2024 NFL Draft to the New Orleans Saints for S C. J. Gardner-Johnson and a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NFL Draft.
August 31: The Eagles traded WR Jalen Reagor to the Minnesota Vikings for a seventh-round pick in the 2023 NFL Draft and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2024 NFL Draft.
October 26: The Eagles traded a fourth-round pick in the 2023 NFL Draft to the Chicago Bears for DE Robert Quinn.

 Draft 

Draft trades

 Staff 

 Final roster 

 Team captains 

Jason Kelce (C)
Lane Johnson (T)
Jalen Hurts (QB)
Jake Elliott (K)
Darius Slay (CB)
Fletcher Cox (DT)
Brandon Graham (DE)

 Preseason 

 Regular season 

 Schedule 
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

 Game summaries 

 Week 1: at Detroit Lions 
For the third straight year, the Eagles were on the road to kick off the season. After the Lions scored on their opening drive, the Eagles would score 21 unanswered points. The Lions would try and rally with 21 points in the second half, but the Eagles would hang on and defeat the Lions for the second straight year. With the win, the Eagles started 1–0 for the ninth time since 2010 and for the second time under head coach Nick Sirianni.

 Week 2: vs. Minnesota Vikings 

This week 2 matchup was thought to see two high powered offenses go at it in a possible high scoring affair. However, only the Eagles would show off their high powered offense. The Eagles would receive the ball and march down the field finishing with a 3 yard Jalen Hurts touchdown. Kicking off the second quarter, Jalen Hurts would connect with Quez Watkins on a 53 yard touchdown to double Philadelphia's lead to 14–0. The Vikings would counter that with a touchdown pass from Kirk Cousins to Irv Smith Jr. Later in the second quarter, Jalen Hurts would scramble and power his way in for a 26 yard touchdown (the longest from an Eagles QB since Donovan McNabb in 2002). The Eagles would close out the second quarter with a Jake Elliott 38 yard field goal. In the second half, the Eagles defense would step up and shut down the Vikings offense. The only glimmers of hope for Minnesota were a blocked field goal in the third quarter and a fourth-quarter interception by former Eagle Jordan Hicks; in both instances, however, each of the ensuing Vikings drives ended in Eagles interceptions. Despite no second half points from either team, the Eagles looked to be the dominant team. The Eagles would go on to win and have their first 2–0 start since 2016. Furthermore, this game was by far Jalen Hurts' best performance throwing the ball and claimed by many media members his possible "breakout game." Jalen would finish 26 of 31 for 333 yards 3 total touchdowns and 1 interception with a passer rating of 108.7.

 Week 3: at Washington Commanders 

In his first time facing the Eagles since being traded away from them, Carson Wentz was sacked 9 times and the Commanders only had 47 total yards of offense in the first half. Jalen Hurts threw for 300 yards in back-to-back games and threw touchdown passes to Dallas Goedert, A. J. Brown, and DeVonta Smith in the second quarter. The third touchdown to Smith to make the score 24–0 was on the last play of the 1st half on 4th and Goal from the 1-yard line. Smith finished with 8 receptions for 169 yards, and the Eagles won 24–8. They became the first NFC team to hit the 3–0 mark and was the first time they accomplished that feat in six years.

 Week 4: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars 

The Eagles hosted the Jacksonville Jaguars in a reunion with former Eagles head coach, Doug Pederson. Philadelphia entered the game as the lone unbeaten team in the league following the Miami Dolphins' loss to the Cincinnati Bengals the previous Thursday. The Jaguars jumped out to a quick 14–0 lead following a pick six by Andre Cisco and a 4 yard touchdown reception by Jamal Agnew. The Eagles rebounded with a dominant second quarter to take a 20–14 lead on touchdown runs by Jalen Hurts, Miles Sanders, and Kenneth Gainwell. The defense would also stymie Jacksonville throughout the game, forcing an interception and four Trevor Lawrence fumbles, including one that snuffed out any hope of a Jaguars comeback. With the 29–21 win, the Eagles improved to 4–0 for the first time since the 2004 season.
Also with this win, Philadelphia defeated Jacksonville for the fourth straight time. The Eagles took their first-ever lead in their all-time series with the Jaguars: now leading 4–3 after initially trailing 0–3. 

 Week 5: at Arizona Cardinals 

The Eagles withstood a late rally by the Cardinals and improved to 5–0 on the season. This was Philadelphia's first win in Arizona since the 2001 season, as well as their first ever win at State Farm Stadium.

 Week 6: vs. Dallas Cowboys 

The Eagles continued their 2nd quarter dominance, scoring 20 points on four consecutive drives. The Cowboys offense battled back in the 2nd half scoring touchdowns on two long drives to cut the deficit to 20–17, but DeVonta Smith scored a touchdown to make it a two-score game again. Cooper Rush threw his third interception, with the following drive leading to a missed field goal attempt. The Eagles ran out the clock and won 26–17. This was the Eagles' first win against the Cowboys since 2020, their first with Hurts at starting QB and Sirianni as head coach. They also started 6–0 for the third time in franchise history.

 Week 8: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers 
 
Thanks to a 3-touchdown performance by AJ Brown and 4 passing touchdowns by Jalen Hurts, with this win, the Eagles matched their franchise best 7–0 start in 2004.

 Week 9: at Houston Texans 

This was played the same day as Game 5 of the 2022 World Series between the Houston Astros and the Philadelphia Phillies, moved back by one day due to rain in Philadelphia earlier in the week. Estimates from Nielsen Media Research show the baseball game drew an average of five million more viewers, with a share of at least 50 in both Philadelphia and Houston. Meanwhile, the football game, originally scheduled to air on the Fox affiliates in both markets per NFL rules, moved to the MyNetworkTV affiliates in both markets.

 Week 10: vs. Washington Commanders 

The Eagles welcomed the surging Washington Commanders to Philadelphia for a rematch of their Week 3 meeting. Philadelphia started strong early, but the tables would turn in the second quarter once Washington got their run game going. The Commanders rallied behind a dominant ground attack and a lights-out defense, outscoring the Eagles 25–7 over the final three quarters to hand Philadelphia its first defeat of the season in a 32–21 upset. With the stunning loss, the Eagles fell to 8–1 and failed to become the first NFL team to start a season 9–0 since the Steelers did two seasons ago, who coincidentally also faced their first loss to Washington, who were then the Washington Football Team. Despite this loss, Philadelphia still tied a franchise record for their best start at 8–1.

 Week 11: at Indianapolis Colts 

This was head coach Nick Sirianni's first return to Indianapolis since leaving the team in January 2021 to become the Eagles' head coach. Sirianni previously served as the Colts' offensive coordinator under then-head coach Frank Reich from 2018 to 2020, appearing in the playoffs twice in that span, and Sirianni's last game was the 2020 AFC Wild Card game, which was a 27–24 loss to the Buffalo Bills. After trailing 13–3 through three quarters, Jalen Hurts and the Eagles rallied in the fourth quarter to stun the Colts 17–16, with Hurts running the ball for the game winning score from 7 yards out with less than 90 seconds left. This victory marked the first time the Eagles won a game after trailing by 10 or more points entering the fourth quarter since 2010. The Eagles improved to 9–1, matching their win total from 2018, 2019, and 2021, and matching their best record through 10 games set in 1949, 1960, 1980, 2004, and 2017.

 Week 12: vs. Green Bay Packers 

The Eagles put up 363 rushing yards against Green Bay, with both Jalen Hurts and Miles Sanders rushing for over 100 yards each. While the Eagles defense gave up 33 points to the Packers, they intercepted Aaron Rodgers twice. Rodgers exited the game in the third quarter due to an injury and was replaced by Jordan Love, who threw a 63-yard touchdown to rookie wide receiver Christian Watson. The Eagles would clinch the victory with a 54-yard field goal from Jake Elliott. With the win, the Eagles improved to 10–1 (their first double digit win season since 2017) and maintained their lead in the NFC.

 Week 13: vs. Tennessee Titans 
 A. J. Brown dominated his former team for 119 yards and 2 touchdowns on 8 receptions. Philadelphia's defense held Titans star running back Derrick Henry to just 30 yards on the day. With the win, the Eagles improved to 11–1, their best start in 12 games since 2004.

 Week 14: at New York Giants 

The Eagles improved to 12–1, clinching their second consecutive playoff berth, and their best start since 2004. The 48 points scored by the Eagles were the most since 2017 versus the Broncos. Jalen Hurts had his 10th rushing touchdown of 2022 in this game, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to have 10 or more rushing touchdowns in back to back seasons.

 Week 15: at Chicago Bears 
The Eagles would go on to win their 13th game for the third time in franchise history (2017, 2004 prior) and their best start since 2004. After a shaky start with 2 interceptions, Jalen Hurts would settle in throwing for 315 yards and scoring 3 touchdowns. Those touchdowns would tie an Eagles franchise record for the most total touchdowns (35) by a quarterback in a season. A day after the game, it was revealed that Hurts had sprained his shoulder late in the third quarter. Impressively, Hurts went 6/9 for 102 yards and 104.9 rating with the sprained shoulder, including a rushing touchdown and subsequent 2-point conversion.

 Week 16: at Dallas Cowboys 

Backup quarterback Gardner Minshew started the Eagles' road finale against the arch-rival Cowboys in place of Jalen Hurts, who was sitting out due to the shoulder injury he sustained the prior week against Chicago. Despite a solid performance by Minshew, Philadelphia blew two 10–point leads and was doomed by a season-high four turnovers, all of which led to scoring drives for Dallas, in what turned out to be a high-scoring slugfest. The Eagles gave up a 3rd-and-30 conversion via Dak Prescott's 52-yard pass to T.Y. Hilton, which the Cowboys would score a touchdown that same drive, which proved to be the turning point of the game. Trailing 40–34 late in the game, Minshew attempted to lead the Eagles on a go-ahead drive into Cowboys territory, but a fourth-down pass would fall incomplete, sealing Philadelphia's first and ultimately only road loss of the season. With the loss, the Eagles fell to 13–2.

 Week 17: vs. New Orleans Saints 

The Eagles returned home, seeking to clinch the NFC East for the first time since 2019 and the number 1 seed for the first time since 2017. However, they were instead dealt their second straight defeat in a defensive slugfest with a red-hot New Orleans Saints team. After falling behind 13–0 at halftime, Philadelphia pulled within three points of New Orleans with a ten-point third quarter, but their momentum would be halted with a Marshon Lattimore pick-six in the fourth quarter. With the 20–10 upset loss, the Eagles dropped to 13–3 on the year, and now need either a Week 18 win against the New York Giants or a Dallas Cowboys loss to clinch the division. It was the first since the 2018 season that Philadelphia was defeated by New Orleans.

 Week 18: vs. New York Giants 

Jalen Hurts returned to the Eagles' lineup against the New York Giants after missing the previous two games to a shoulder injury. Philadelphia would secure the NFC East division and the NFC's top seed behind five field goals by Jake Elliott and a rushing touchdown by Boston Scott. With the 22–16 victory, their ninth straight at home against the Giants, the Eagles finished the regular season with a 14–3 record, and set a franchise high for most regular season wins in a season.

 Standings 

 Division 

 Conference 

 Postseason 

 Schedule 

 Game summaries 

 NFC Divisional Playoffs: vs. (6) New York Giants 

The Eagles convincingly routed their division rival New York Giants 38–7 in their first home playoff victory since the 2017 Super Bowl championship season. New York had won their Wild Card playoff matchup on the road against the Minnesota Vikings, with Daniel Jones turning in arguably his strongest performance as a professional. The Eagles, meanwhile, had lumbered down the stretch, dropping two of their last three games and needing to play starters in Week 18 to finally secure the top seed. 
Jalen Hurts connected with DeVonta Smith for 40 yards on the second play from scrimmage. Dallas Goedert brought in a pass one-handed for a touchdown to finish the drive. Consecutive sacks by Haason Reddick turned the ball back over to the Eagles, who went up 14–0 on a 9-yard touchdown reception by Smith. Former Giant James Bradberry intercepted Jones on New York's ensuing possession. In the second quarter, Boston Scott scored on a 3-yard touchdown run, and Hurts capped off a 14-play drive with a 5-yard touchdown run to push the score to 28–0. A third quarter touchdown run by Matt Breida got New York on the board, set up by a 39-yard Saquon Barkley rush. A 15-play, 8-minute drive resulted in a Jake Elliott field goal and essentially ended any hope of a New York comeback. A 35-yard rushing touchdown by Kenneth Gainwell closed the scoring at 38–7 Eagles. 
The Eagles offense produced 268 rushing yards on 44 carries, with Gainwell leading the way at 112 yards, while the defense contributed five sacks. With the victory, the Eagles advanced to the NFC Championship, their first in five seasons.

 NFC Championship: vs. (2) San Francisco 49ers 

The Eagles routed the San Francisco 49ers 31–7 in the NFC Championship Game. While this was Philadelphia's first appearance in the conference championship since the 2017 season, it was San Francisco's third trip in four years. The 49ers had rolled to a 13–4 record and second seed during the season, mostly behind the league's top-ranked defense, but also due to the surprising play of rookie (7th round draft pick) quarterback Brock Purdy. 
On the opening drive of the game, DeVonta Smith made a diving, one-armed reception on a fourth down play to set up first-and-goal for the Eagles. Replays showed the ball had hit the ground, but the 49ers failed to challenge the play in time. Miles Sanders took a handoff six yards up the middle for a touchdown to make it 7–0 Philadelphia. On San Francisco's first possession, Purdy was sacked while in his throwing motion by Haason Reddick. The hit resulted in a fumble recovered by Eagles nose tackle Linval Joseph, and more consequently, injured Purdy's throwing elbow. Journeyman backup Josh Johnson replaced Purdy, and strong defensive play by each team dominated the rest of the first quarter and into the second quarter. An impressive 29-yard touchdown run, in which he broke four tackles, by Christian McCaffrey tied the game for San Francisco. The Eagles answered immediately with a methodical touchdown drive capped off by a 13-yard scamper into the end zone by Sanders. With 1:19 left in the half, Johnson lost a fumble on a shotgun, and Boston Scott rushed to the right side for a 10-yard touchdown to make it 21–7 Eagles at halftime. 
On the first series of the third quarter, Johnson was knocked out of the game on a hit by Ndamukong Suh, forcing an injured Purdy back into action. With Purdy unable throw more than about ten yards, the 49ers offense was powerless to mount a credible comeback attempt. Jalen Hurts added a 1-yard rushing touchdown after a 15-play drive late in the third quarter, and Jake Elliott's fourth quarter field goal made it 31–7 Eagles. With less than 5 minutes left to play, 49ers All-Pro left tackle Trent Williams slammed Eagles backup safety K'Von Wallace to the ground, causing a brawl between both teams.
The 49ers were able to limit Hurts to just 121 passing yards; however, the Eagles ground attack was able to move the ball against the stout San Francisco rushing defense, totaling 148 yards for the day with all four touchdowns coming on the ground. The Eagles defense tallied three sacks and forced three turnovers (all fumbles). With the win, Philadelphia reached the Super Bowl for the first time since Super Bowl LII. The win would also mark the franchise's fourth overall NFC Championship and their third since 2004, all of which were won at Lincoln Financial Field.

 Super Bowl LVII: vs. (A1) Kansas City Chiefs 

The Eagles fell 38–35 to the Kansas City Chiefs in the franchise's fourth ever Super Bowl appearance. Pre-game storylines centered on Eagles center Jason Kelce and Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce becoming the first brothers to meet in the Super Bowl. Additionally, Chiefs head coach Andy Reid was facing his former team, where he spent 14 seasons as head coach (1999-2012). Finally, the game featured two of the league's best quarterbacks in Jalen Hurts and Patrick Mahomes in the first-ever Super Bowl matchup of two black quarterbacks.
Hurts opened the scoring with a quarterback sneak into the end zone on the first series. Mahomes needed six plays to match, tying the game on a touchdown pass to Kelce. On the first play of the second quarter, Hurts connected on a 45-yard bomb to receiver A.J. Brown in the end zone to make it 14–7 Eagles. On Philadelphia's next possession, Hurts drove to midfield, but lost the football in the backfield on a third down play. Chiefs linebacker Nick Bolton recovered the fumble and returned it for a game-tying touchdown. Hurts responded to the costly miscue with a 75-yard drive ending in him rushing the ball in himself for a 4-yard score. On Kansas City's next possession, Mahomes appeared to aggravate an ankle injury he had suffered earlier in the playoffs after a tackle by linebacker T.J. Edwards. A 22-yard reception by A.J. Brown helped set up a 35-yard Jake Elliott field goal, sending the teams to halftime with the score 24–14 Philadelphia.
The Chiefs offense would play a nearly flawless second half, however. Their opening drive of the third quarter culminated in an Isiah Pacheco 1-yard touchdown run, narrowing the score to 27–24. Hurts countered with a 17-play drive that included two impressive third down conversions to tight end Dallas Goedert, but the drive ended in a field goal, allowing Kansas City to take its first lead when Mahomes hit Kadarius Toney for a 5-yard touchdown on the Chiefs' next possession. The Eagles then went three-and-out, and the resultant Arryn Siposs punt was kicked away from the planned coverage, enabling a 65-yard return by Toney to the Philadelphia 5-yard line. Mahomes, on a broken play, completed a touchdown pass to Skyy Moore, opening up a 35–27 Chiefs lead. With just over nine minutes remaining in regulation, Hurts drove the Eagles to midfield then connected on a 45-yard pass down the left sideline to DeVonta Smith. Hurts scored on a quarterback sneak on the next play, then broke a tackle on the two-point conversion attempt to tie the game at 35–35. Philadelphia's defense remained unable to stop the Chiefs, however, and Mahomes drove into the red zone. A controversial holding penalty on Eagles corner James Bradberry allowed the Chiefs to run down most of the remaining time before kicking the game-deciding field goal from 27 yards out.
Hurts starred for the Eagles in defeat, passing for 304 yards and a touchdown, while also rushing for 70 yards and three touchdowns. The Philadelphia defense, which recorded 70 sacks during the regular season and 8 in the playoffs, was unable to get to Mahomes. The defeat dropped the Eagles to 1–3 all-time in Super Bowls.

 Awards and honors 

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Diagonal morphism
In category theory, a branch of mathematics, for every object 
  
    
      
        a
      
    
    {\displaystyle a}
   in every category 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
   where the product 
  
    
      
        a
        ×
        a
      
    
    {\displaystyle a\times a}
   exists, there exists the diagonal morphism

  
    
      
        
          δ
          
            a
          
        
        :
        a
        →
        a
        ×
        a
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta _{a}:a\rightarrow a\times a}
  satisfying 

  
    
      
        
          π
          
            k
          
        
        ∘
        
          δ
          
            a
          
        
        =
        
          id
          
            a
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \pi _{k}\circ \delta _{a}=\operatorname {id} _{a}}
   for 
  
    
      
        k
        ∈
        {
        1
        ,
        2
        }
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle k\in \{1,2\},}
  where 
  
    
      
        
          π
          
            k
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \pi _{k}}
   is the canonical projection morphism to the 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
  -th component. The existence of this morphism is a consequence of the universal property that characterizes the product (up to isomorphism). The restriction to binary products here is for ease of notation; diagonal morphisms exist similarly for arbitrary products. The image of a diagonal morphism in the category of sets, as a subset of the Cartesian product, is a relation on the domain, namely equality.
For concrete categories, the diagonal morphism can be simply described by its action on elements 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
   of the object 
  
    
      
        a
      
    
    {\displaystyle a}
  . Namely, 
  
    
      
        
          δ
          
            a
          
        
        (
        x
        )
        =
        ⟨
        x
        ,
        x
        ⟩
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta _{a}(x)=\langle x,x\rangle }
  , the ordered pair formed from 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
  . The reason for the name is that the image of such a diagonal morphism is diagonal (whenever it makes sense), for example the image of the diagonal morphism 
  
    
      
        
          R
        
        →
        
          
            R
          
          
            2
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} \rightarrow \mathbb {R} ^{2}}
   on the real line is given by the line that is the graph of the equation 
  
    
      
        y
        =
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle y=x}
  . The diagonal morphism into the infinite product 
  
    
      
        
          X
          
            ∞
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle X^{\infty }}
   may provide an injection into the space of sequences valued in 
  
    
      
        X
      
    
    {\displaystyle X}
  ; each element maps to the constant sequence at that element. However, most notions of sequence spaces have convergence restrictions that the image of the diagonal map will fail to satisfy.
The dual notion of a diagonal morphism is a co-diagonal morphism. For every object 
  
    
      
        b
      
    
    {\displaystyle b}
   in a category 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
   where the coproducts 
  
    
      
        b
        ⊔
        b
      
    
    {\displaystyle b\sqcup b}
   exists, the co-diagonal is the canonical morphism

  
    
      
        
          δ
          
            b
          
        
        :
        b
        ⊔
        b
        
          
            
              
                →
              
              
                [
                I
                d
                ,
                I
                d
                ]
              
            
          
        
        b
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta _{b}\colon b\sqcup b{\stackrel {[Id,Id]}{\to }}b}
  satisfying 

  
    
      
        
          δ
          
            b
          
        
        ∘
        
          τ
          
            l
          
        
        =
        
          id
          
            b
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta _{b}\circ \tau _{l}=\operatorname {id} _{b}}
   for 
  
    
      
        l
        ∈
        {
        1
        ,
        2
        }
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle l\in \{1,2\}.}
  where 
  
    
      
        
          τ
          
            l
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \tau _{l}}
   is the injection morphism to the 
  
    
      
        l
      
    
    {\displaystyle l}
  -th component.
Let 
  
    
      
        f
        :
        X
        →
        Y
      
    
    {\displaystyle f:X\to Y}
   be a morphism in a category 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
   with the pushout is an epimorphism if and only if the codiagonal is an isomorphism.

 See also 
Diagonal functor
Diagonal embedding
wikibooks:Category Theory/(Co-)cones and (co-)limits

 References 

 Bibliography 
Awodey, s. (1996). "Structure in Mathematics and Logic: A Categorical Perspective". Philosophia Mathematica. 4 (3): 209–237. doi:10.1093/philmat/4.3.209.
Baez, John C. (2004). "Quantum Quandaries: A Category-Theoretic Perspective". The Structural Foundations of Quantum Gravity. pp. 240–265. arXiv:quant-ph/0404040. Bibcode:2004quant.ph..4040B. doi:10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199269693.003.0008. ISBN 978-0-19-926969-3.
Carter, J. Scott; Crans, Alissa; Elhamdadi, Mohamed; Saito, Masahico (2008). "Cohomology of Categorical Self-Distributivity" (PDF). Journal of Homotopy and Related Structures. 3 (1): 13–63. arXiv:math/0607417. Bibcode:2006math......7417C.
Faith, Carl (1973). "Product and Coproduct". Algebra. pp. 83–109. doi:10.1007/978-3-642-80634-6_4. ISBN 978-3-642-80636-0.
Kashiwara, Msakia; Schapira, Pierre (2006). "Limits". Categories and Sheaves. Grundlehren der mathematischen Wissenschaften. Vol. 332. pp. 35–69. doi:10.1007/3-540-27950-4_3. ISBN 978-3-540-27949-5.
Mitchell, Barry (1965). Theory of Categories. Academic Press. ISBN 978-0-12-499250-4.
Muro, Fernando (2016). "Homotopy units in A-infinity algebras". Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. 368: 2145–2184. arXiv:1111.2723. doi:10.1090/tran/6545.
Masakatsu, Uzawa (1972). "Some categorical properties of complex spaces Part II" (PDF). Bulletin of the Faculty of Education, Chiba University. 21: 83–93. ISSN 0577-6856.
Popescu, Nicolae; Popescu, Liliana (1979). "Categories and functors". Theory of categories. pp. 1–148. doi:10.1007/978-94-009-9550-5_1. ISBN 978-94-009-9552-9.
Pupier, R. (1964). "Petit guide des catégories". Publications du Département de Mathématiques (Lyon) (in French). 1 (1): 1–18.

 External links 
Aubert, Clément (2019). "Categories for Me, and You?". arXiv:1910.05172.
Herscovich, Estanislao (2020). "Lectures on basic homological algebra" (PDF).
Laurent, Olivier (2013). "Categories for Me [note]" (PDF). perso.ens-lyon.fr.
"codiagonal". ncatlab.org.
"diagonal morphism". ncatlab.org.

List of Kosovo Albanians
This is a list of historical and living notable Kosovar Albanians (ethnic Albanian people from Kosovo or people of full or partial Kosovar Albanian ancestry), sorted by occupation and name:

 Military personnel 
Idriz Seferi - nationalist guerrilla fighter
Azem Galica - nationalist resistance fighter
Isa Boletini - nationalist guerrilla fighter
Asim Vokshi - volunteer in Spanish Civil War
Sulejman Vokshi - military leader and commander of the League of Prizren
Haxhi Zeka - nationalist leader
Bislim Bajgora - nationalist leader
Shote Galica - nationalist guerrilla fighter who was declared as the People's Heroine of Albania
Mic Sokoli - nationalist figure and guerrilla fighter
Shaban Polluzha - military leader
Idriz Gjilani - KLA commander
Zahir Pajaziti - KLA commander
Adem Jashari - KLA commander
Agim Ramadani - KLA commander
Njazi Azemi - KLA commander

 Academics 
Anton Berisha - scholar and folklorist
Flora Brovina - poet, pediatrician and women's rights activist from Drenica, raised in Prishtina
Din Mehmeti - poet, from Gjakova
Ali Podrimja - poet, from Gjakova
Anton Berishaj - academic, from Malsia, Montenegro living in Kosovo
Musa Haxhiu - academic, from Peja

 Actors and actresses 

 Entertainment and media 

 Visual arts and design 
Fatmire Zeka - artist
Rifo Dobra - photographer
Adem Kastrati - painter (1930-2000)
Gazmend Freitag - painter
Lirika Matoshi - fashion designer
Teuta Matoshi - fashion designer
Burim Myftiu - American contemporary photographer, born in Prizren
Ramadan Ramadani - painter and artist
Mustafa Presheva - Turkish film editor

 Models 
Diana Avdiu - Kosovar Albanian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Kosovo 2012
Marigona Dragusha - model who was crowned Miss Universe Kosovo in 2009; second runner-up in Miss Universe 2009
Donika Emini - Kosovar Albanian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Kosovo
Zana Krasniqi - Kosovar Albanian fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Kosovo 2008
Camila Barraza - Argentinian-Kosovar model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Kosovo 2016 and represented Kosovo at Miss Universe 2016.
Mirjeta Shala -  Kosovar Albanian model
Zana Berisha -  Kosovar Albanian model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Kosovo 2018

 Business and entrepreneurship 
Florin Krasniqi - American businessman and political activist
Shkëlzen Shala - veganism activist and entrepreneur
Ramiz Tafilaj - American businessman, activist, visionary and publisher

 Politics 
Albin Kurti - current Prime Minister of Kosovo
Vjosa Osmani - current President of Kosovo
Lulzim Basha - Albanian politician. He is the chairman of the Democratic Party of Albania, the main opposition party, since 2013.
Agim Çeku - minister of security forces for the Republic of Kosovo
Bajram Curri - minister of defence of Albania, member of the Committee for the National Defence of Kosovo, independence activist
Nexhat Daci - member of the Assembly of Kosovo
Nexhip Draga - politician and deputy of the Ottoman and later of the Yugoslav parliament
Jakup Krasniqi - spokesman for the Kosovo Liberation Army (during the Kosovo war); Former Chairman of the Assembly of Kosovo (2007-2014); Former Acting President of Kosovo.
Ramush Haradinaj - former Prime Minister of Kosovo (2004–05)
Sinan Hasani - former president of Yugoslavia (1986–1987), novelist, statesman and diplomat
Ali Kelmendi - communist organiser
Hasan Prishtina - former Prime Minister, nationalist, organizer of Albanian movements against Ottomans and other regimes installed in Kosovo, during the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th century
Ymer Prizreni - cleric, jurist, politician, scholar and patriot, head leader of the Albanian League of Prizren
Bajram Rexhepi - Prime Minister of Kosovo 2002-2004
Ibrahim Rugova - first president of Kosovo (1992–2000) and (2002–2006)
Fatmir Sejdiu - first president of the Republic of Kosovo (2006–2010)
Hashim Thaçi - former Prime Minister and President of Kosovo
Azem Vllasi - senior politician and lawyer

 Sports 

 Football 

 Basketball 
Edmond Azemi - Kosovo Albanian professional basketball player who plays for Sigal Prishtina in Kosovo Basketball Superleague

 Handball 
Taip Ramadani - head coach of the Australian national handball team, parents are from Kosovo

 American Football 
Lirim Hajrullahu - Kosovar-born Canadian placekicker in both the CFL and NFL, 2017 Grey Cup champion

 Boxing, Kickboxing and Wrestling 

 Judo 

 See also 

 References 

2022 Philadelphia Union II season
The 2022 Philadelphia Union II season was the club's sixth competitive season and first season competing in the inaugural MLS Next Pro. Union II competes in the MLS Next Pro's Eastern Conference. The team is managed by Marlon LeBlanc, his first competitive season with the club.

 Background 
After taking a competitive hiatus during the 2021 season, by December 2021 Union II was announced as one of the founding clubs of MLS Next Pro. Marlon LeBlanc, who was appointed head coach of Union II in March 2021, would now have his first competitive season with the team. In April 2022, Jose Kleberson was announced as an assistant coach under LeBlanc, after several years coaching in the Union's youth academy system.Union II's roster construction began with their inaugural signing, Nelson Pierre from the Union academy system. Largely supplemented with first team and academy players, the front office made a marquee signing with José Riasco, paying a reported transfer fee over $1 million.

 2022 Roster 
As of February 14, 2022Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Transfers 

 In 

 Competitions 
Eastern Conference
Overall table

 Results summary 

^ 

 Regular season 

 Playoffs 

 Statistics 

 References 

Norwood (surname)
Norwood is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Brandy Norwood, American singer, songwriter, actress and model; daughter of Willie Norwood
Charlie Norwood (1941–2007), a United States Representative from Georgia
Cyril Norwood (1875–1956), British educator
Daron Norwood (1965–2015), American country music singer
Eille Norwood, born Anthony Brett, (1861–1948), English playwright and actor known for playing Sherlock Holmes in films
Gabe Norwood (born 1985), Filipino-American professional basketball player
James Norwood (born 1990), English professional footballer
James Norwood (baseball) (born 1993), American professional baseball pitcher
Janet L. Norwood (1923–2015), American statistician
Jerious Norwood, American football player
John Norwood, English recipient of the Victoria Cross
Jordan Norwood, American football player
Lee Norwood, American ice hockey player
Melita Norwood, a British civil servant who provided the KGB with state secrets including the schematics for the British atomic bomb in 1945
Michael Norwood (born 1985), American basketball player
Oliver Norwood (born 1991), Northern Ireland international footballer
Paula Norwood, American statistician
Richard Norwood, British mathematician, diver, and surveyor
Ricky Norwood, British actor
Robin Norwood (born 1945), American family therapist and author
Rose Finkelstein Norwood (1890–1980), American labor organizer
Scott Norwood, American football player
Thomas M. Norwood (1830–1913), a United States Senator and Representative from Georgia
Tre Norwood (born 1999), American football player
Virginia T. Norwood (1927–2023), United States physicist
Willie Norwood (born 1955), American gospel singer; father of Brandy Norwood and Ray J
William Ray Norwood Jr. (born 1981), American singer and actor known as Ray J; son of Willie Norwood

Agha (title)
Agha (Turkish: ağa; Ottoman Turkish: آغا; Persian: آقا, romanized: āghā; "chief, master, lord") is an honorific title for a civilian or officer, or often part of such title. In the Ottoman times, some court functionaries and leaders of organizations like bazaar or the janissary units were entitled to the agha title. In rural communities, this term is used for people who own considerable lands and are influential in their community. Regardless of a rural community, this title is also used for any male that is influential or respected.

 Etymology 
The word agha entered English from Turkish, and the Turkish word comes from the Old Turkic aqa, meaning "elder brother". It is an equivalent of Mongolian word aqa or aka.

 Other uses 
"Agha" is nowadays used as a common Persian honorific title for men, the equivalent of "mister" in English. The corresponding honorific term for women is khanum.

 See also 

State organisation of the Ottoman Empire
Agha Petros
Agaluk
Aga Khan
Agha of the Janissaries
Kapi Agha
Kizlar Agha
Silahdar Agha

 References 

2012 Washington Referendum 74
Referendum 74 (R-74 or Ref 74) was a Washington state referendum to approve or reject the February 2012 bill that would legalize same-sex marriage in the state. On June 12, 2012, state officials announced that enough signatures in favor of the referendum had been submitted and scheduled the referendum to appear on the ballot in the November 6 general election. The law was upheld by voters in the November 6, 2012 election by a final margin of 7.4% (53.7% approve, 46.3% reject) and the result was certified on December 5.

 Ballot measure 
The ballot title read as follows:
The legislature passed Engrossed Substitute Senate Bill 6239 concerning marriage for same-sex couples, modified domestic-partnership law, and religious freedom, and voters have filed a sufficient referendum petition on this bill.
This bill would allow same-sex couples to marry, preserve domestic partnerships only for seniors, and preserve the right of clergy or religious organizations to refuse to perform, recognize, or accommodate any marriage ceremony.
Should this bill be:
Approved [ ]

Rejected [ ]
The following summary accompanied the ballot measure:

This bill allows same-sex couples to marry, applies marriage laws without regard to gender, and specifies that laws using gender-specific terms like husband and wife include same-sex spouses. After 2014, existing domestic partnerships are converted to marriages, except for seniors. It preserves the right of clergy or religious organizations to refuse to perform or recognize any marriage or accommodate wedding ceremonies. The bill does not affect licensing of religious organizations providing adoption, foster-care, or child-placement.

 History 

Title 26 of the Revised Code of Washington, entitled "domestic relations", governs marriage in Washington state. A 2012 bill, Senate Bill 6239, would legalize same-sex marriage and convert into a marriage on June 30, 2014, any undissolved state registered domestic partnership that does not involve at least one party aged 62 years or older. It also would add language in Section 26.04.010 exempting religious organizations from any requirement to "provide accommodations, facilities, advantages, privileges, services, or goods related to the solemnization or celebration of a marriage". Governor Christine Gregoire signed the engrossed bill on February 13. The bill was scheduled to take effect June 7 – 90 days after the legislative session — but opponents submitted on June 6 the necessary signatures to suspend the bill and require a statewide voter referendum. On June 12, the Washington secretary of state announced that they had submitted enough signatures to place the referendum on the ballot for the November general election.

 Support and opposition 
Statements for and against the bill are available online as part of the official online voter's guide for the referendum. Per Section 42.17A on "campaign disclosure and contribution", the Washington state Public Disclosure Commission posted campaign information online, including information for referendums and initiatives, showing seven groups registered for approval of the bill and one against. Of these, Washington United for Marriage (WUM) and Preserve Marriage Washington were the most active, for and against the bill, respectively.
WUM lists "a coalition of more than 500 organizations and businesses" on its website. Amazon's Jeff Bezos and his then-wife pledged $2.5 million to support the same-sex marriage law. Steve Ballmer of Microsoft and co-founder Bill Gates each donated $100,000 to the campaign in support as well. Starbucks, Nike, Inc., REI, Alcoa, Expedia, Inc., T-Mobile, Nordstrom, the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, and dozens of other businesses also supported the bill. United States President Barack Obama encouraged support as well.Opposition to the bill was coordinated largely by the National Organization for Marriage (NOM) and the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle, which encouraged support for rejecting the bill among all parishes. Parishes planned "in-pew donations as part of what it is calling Preserve Marriage month" and NOM was expected to bring in additional money from outside the state.Several newspapers in Washington state supported the bill, with the Seattle Times also launching an interactive social media campaign to encourage readers to support the bill publicly. Other endorsements included the Tacoma News-Tribune, Spokane's The Spokesman-Review, Vancouver's The Columbian, Yakima Herald-Republic, Tri-City Herald, Everett's The Herald, The Olympian, The Wenatchee World, and the Walla Walla Union-Bulletin.

 Campaign fundraising 
Referendum 74 generated a large number of individual donations which may have surpassed the 2008 record of 13,500 for the Washington Death with Dignity Act. As of July 3, 2012, Referendum 74 sponsor Preserve Marriage Washington (seeking "rejection" votes) had reportedly raised $132,000, while Washington United for Marriage (seeking "approval" votes) raised $1.9 million. As of August, campaign-financing proponents showed a 13-to-1 fundraising advantage for same-sex marriage, but a National Organization for Marriage campaign director was confident that $4 million would appear as needed. A Public Disclosure Commission complaint has been filed, accusing both Preserve Marriage Washington and the National Organization for Marriage of having failed to report donations as required by law. As of October 5, 2012, proponents of Referendum 74 Washington United for Marriage have raised $9.4 million in donations and opponents Preserve Marriage Washington have raised about $1 million.

 Opinion polls 
Various public opinion surveys of Washington residents asked questions regarding same-sex marriage. The questions vary, with some surveys referring directly to Referendum 74 and others asking more general questions. A post-election poll indicated much stronger support for such marriage among women than men across several categories.

 Results 

 County breakdown 
Upon certification, Secretary of State Sam Reed partially credited the referendum for encouraging voter turnout of 81%, the highest in the nation. County offices in King and Thurston counties opened at 12:01 a.m. after the measure was certified, with celebrations in support outside of several government offices, with various same-sex weddings scheduled, free of charge, beginning just after midnight on December 9, just after the mandatory three-day waiting period applying to all Washington weddings.

 See also 
Andersen v. King County
Domestic partnership in Washington state
LGBT rights in Washington (state)
Minnesota Amendment 1
Same-sex marriage in Washington state
Washington Referendum 71 (2009)

 Other same-sex marriage referendums 
Australian Marriage Law Postal Survey, 2017
2016 Bermudian same-sex union and marriage referendum
2013 Croatian constitutional referendum
Irish same-sex marriage referendum, 2015
2015 Slovak same-sex marriage referendum
2015 Slovenian same-sex marriage referendum
United States:
2008 California Proposition 8
Maine:
2009 Maine same-sex marriage referendum
2012 Maine same-sex marriage referendum
2012 Maryland same-sex marriage referendum
2012 Washington same-sex marriage referendum

 References 

 External links 
Preserve Marriage Washington to reject "redefining marriage"
Washington United for Marriage to approve "marriage equality"
November 06, 2012 General Election Results: Referendum Measure No. 74 Concerns marriage for same-sex couples

2022 Premier Lacrosse League season
The 2022 Premier Lacrosse League season was the fourth season of the Premier Lacrosse League (PLL). It was held from June 4 to September 18.

 Player movement 

 College Draft 
The 2022 Premier Lacrosse League college draft was held on May 10 and began at 8:00PM eastern time. The draft was the first PLL property to be broadcast on an ESPN network when it aired on ESPN U. There was a simulcast on ESPN+ as well. Chris Cotter, Ryan Boyle and Paul Carcaterra hosted the draft and analyzed the picks. This draft featured the first ever draft day trade between Atlas LC and Cannons LC. The University of Maryland set a record for the most players drafted in one draft with six. By virtue of having the worst record last season, Chrome LC held the number one overall pick.Format:

Each team was awarded one pick in each of the four rounds.
Eligible players must currently be in their senior yearNote: For athletes that went to multiple universities, the first university listed is the university the player finished their career with.

 Tour Map 

 Schedule 

 Playoffs 
Source:

 Standings 
Last updated: August 24, 2022
Source:

 League leaders 
Last Updated: September 21, 2022
Source:

 References 

Al Jarreau
Alwin Lopez Jarreau (March 12, 1940 – February 12, 2017) was an American singer and songwriter. His 1981 album Breakin' Away spent two years on the Billboard 200 and is considered one of the finest examples of the Los Angeles pop and R&B sound. The album won Jarreau the 1982 Grammy for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance. In all, he won seven Grammy Awards and was nominated for over a dozen more during his career.
Jarreau also sang the theme song of the 1980s television series Moonlighting, and was among the performers on the 1985 charity song "We Are the World."

 Early life and career 
Jarreau was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on March 12, 1940, the fifth of six children. His father Emile Alphonse Jarreau was a Seventh-day Adventist Church minister and singer, and his mother Pearl (Walker) Jarreau was a church pianist. Jarreau and his family sang together in church concerts and in benefits, and Jarreau and his mother performed at PTA meetings.Jarreau was student council president and Badger Boys State delegate for Lincoln High School. At Boys State, he was elected governor. Jarreau went on to attend Ripon College, where he also sang with a group called the Indigos. He graduated in 1962 with a Bachelor of Science degree in psychology. Two years later, in 1964, he earned a master's degree in vocational rehabilitation from the University of Iowa. Jarreau also worked as a rehabilitation counselor in San Francisco, and moonlighted with a jazz trio headed by George Duke. In 1967, he joined forces with acoustic guitarist Julio Martinez. The duo became the star attraction at a small Sausalito night club called Gatsby's. This success contributed to Jarreau's decision to make professional singing his life and full-time career.

 Career 
In 1968, Jarreau made jazz his primary occupation. In 1969, he and Martinez headed south, where Jarreau appeared at Dino's, The Troubadour, and Bitter End West. Television exposure came from Johnny Carson, Mike Douglas, Merv Griffin, Dinah Shore, and David Frost. He expanded his nightclub appearances, performing at The Improv between the acts of such rising stars as Bette Midler, Jimmie Walker, and John Belushi. During this period, he became involved with the United Church of Religious Science and the Church of Scientology. Also, roughly at the same time, he began writing his own lyrics, finding that his Christian spirituality began to influence his work.In 1975, Jarreau was working with pianist Tom Canning when he was spotted by Warner Bros. Records. Soon he released his critically acclaimed debut album, We Got By, which catapulted him to international fame and won an Echo Award (the German equivalent of the Grammys in the United States). On Valentine's Day 1976 he sang on the 13th episode of NBC's Saturday Night Live, that week hosted by Peter Boyle. A second Echo Award would follow with the release of his second album, Glow. In 1978, he won his first Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance for his album, Look to the Rainbow.One of Jarreau's most commercially successful albums is Breakin' Away (1981), which includes the hit song "We're in This Love Together". He won the 1982 Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for Breakin' Away. In 1983 he released Jarreau. It was his third consecutive #1 album on the Billboard Jazz charts, while also placing at #4 on the R&B album charts and #13 on the Billboard 200. The album contained three hit singles:  "Mornin'" (U.S. Pop #21, AC #2 for three weeks), "Boogie Down" (U.S. Pop #77) and "Trouble in Paradise" (U.S. Pop #63, AC #10). In 1984 the album received four Grammy Award nominations, including for Jay Graydon as Producer of the Year (Non-Classical).
In 1984, his single "After All" reached 69 on the US Hot 100 chart and number 26 on the R&B chart. His last big hit was the Grammy-nominated theme to the 1980s American television show Moonlighting, for which he wrote the lyrics. Among other things, he was well known for his extensive use of scat singing (for which he was called "Acrobat of Scat"), and vocal percussion. He was also a featured vocalist on USA for Africa's "We Are the World" in which he sang the line, "...and so we all must lend a helping hand." Another charitable media event, HBO's Comic Relief, featured him in a duet with Natalie Cole singing the song "Mr. President", written by Joe Sterling, Mike Loveless, and Ray Reach.Jarreau took an extended break from recording in the 1990s. As he explained in an interview with Jazz Review: "I was still touring, in fact, I toured more than I ever had in the past, so I kept in touch with my audience. I got my symphony program under way, which included my music and that of other people too, and I performed on the Broadway production of Grease. I was busier than ever! For the most part, I was doing what I have always done... perform live. I was shopping for a record deal and was letting people know that there is a new album coming. I was just waiting for the right label (Verve), but I toured more than ever." In 2003, Jarreau and conductor Larry Baird collaborated on symphony shows around the United States, with Baird arranging additional orchestral material for Jarreau's shows.Jarreau toured and performed with Joe Sample, Chick Corea, Kathleen Battle, Miles Davis, George Duke, David Sanborn Rick Braun, and George Benson. He also performed the role of the Teen Angel in a 1996 Broadway production of Grease. On March 6, 2001, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, at 7083 Hollywood Boulevard on the corner of Hollywood Boulevard and La Brea Avenue. In 2006, Jarreau appeared in a duet with American Idol finalist Paris Bennett during the Season 5 finale and on Celebrity Duets singing with actor Cheech Marin. In 2009, children's author Carmen Rubin published the story Ashti Meets Birdman Al, inspired by Jarreau's music. In 2010, Jarreau was a guest on a Eumir Deodato album, with the song "Double Face" written by Jarreau, Deodato, and Nicolosi. The song was produced by the Italian company Nicolosi Productions. On February 16, 2012, Jarreau was invited to the famous Italian Festival di Sanremo to sing with the Italian group Matia Bazar.

 Personal life 
Jarreau was married twice. Jarreau and Phyllis Hall were married from 1964 until their divorce in 1968. Jarreau married his second wife Susan Elaine Player in 1977. Jarreau and Player had a son, Ryan Jarreau. Ryan and Susan Jarreau appear as background vocalists on Tomorrow Today. Susan provided photography for several of Jarreau's albums, including Glow, All Fly Home, This Time, and Breakin' Away. She is the subject of "Susan's Song", track no. 3 on We Got By.

 Illness and death 
It was reported on July 23, 2010, that Jarreau was critically ill at a hospital in France, after performing in Barcelonnette, and was being treated for respiratory problems and cardiac arrhythmias. He was conscious, in a stable condition and in the cardiology unit of La Timone hospital in Marseille, the Marseille Hospital Authority said, and he remained there for about a week for tests.In June 2012, Jarreau was diagnosed with pneumonia, which caused him to cancel several concerts in France. Jarreau made a full recovery and continued to tour extensively for the next five years until February 2017.On February 8, 2017, after being hospitalized for exhaustion in Los Angeles, Jarreau canceled his remaining 2017 tour dates. On that date, the Montreux Jazz Academy, part of the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland, announced that Jarreau would not return as a mentor to ten young artists, as he had done in 2015.Jarreau died of respiratory failure, at the age of 76 on February 12, just two days after announcing his retirement, and one month before his 77th birthday.He is interred in Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills). His headstone features lyrics from his song "Mornin'": "Like any man/I can reach out my hand/And touch the face of God."

 Discography 

We Got By (1975)
Glow (1976)
All Fly Home (1978)
This Time (1980)
Breakin' Away (1981)
1965 (1982)
Jarreau (1983)
High Crime (1984)
L Is for Lover (1986)
Heart's Horizon (1988)
Heaven and Earth (1992)
Tomorrow Today (2000)
All I Got (2002)
Accentuate the Positive (2004)
Givin' It Up (2006)
Christmas (2008)
My Old Friend: Celebrating George Duke (2014)

 Awards and nominations 

 Grammy Awards 

 Hall of Fame 

 Honorary degrees 

 Academic degrees 

 Other honors 
On October 17, 1982, at the invitation of the Milwaukee Brewers, he sang the National Anthem at Game 5 of the 1982 World Series.

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Al Jarreau at IMDb
Al Jarreau discography at Discogs

Da'Vine Joy Randolph
Da'Vine Joy Randolph (; born May 21, 1986) is an American actress. She first gained recognition for her portrayal of psychic Oda Mae Brown in the Broadway production of Ghost (2012), for which she received a nomination at the Tony Awards for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. Randolph went on to appear in the films The Angriest Man in Brooklyn (2014) and Office Christmas Party (2016) prior to receiving praise for her roles in Dolemite Is My Name (2019) and The United States vs. Billie Holiday (2020). Her performance as a grieving mother in the film The Holdovers (2023), earned her  a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Her television credits include Selfie (2014), This Is Us (2016), People of Earth (2016–2017),  Empire (2017–2018), High Fidelity (2020), Only Murders in the Building (2021–present), and The Idol (2023).

 Early life and education 
Randolph grew up in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia and Hershey, Pennsylvania. As a youth, she attended Interlochen Arts Camp, studying theatre. She went to Temple University to focus on classical vocal performance and opera, but in her junior year, she switched concentrations to musical theatre. After graduating from Temple, she went to the Yale School of Drama. She graduated from Yale in 2011 with her master's degree. She is an alumna of the British American Drama Academy (BADA)

 Career 
Randolph auditioned for an understudy role in the Broadway transfer of Ghost: the Musical (which was playing in London's West End), but the producers decided to cast her in the principal role of Oda Mae Brown. Before the casting of the Broadway transfer was announced Sharon D. Clarke, who played Oda Mae in the London run of Ghost the Musical, suffered a minor knee injury. Randolph was quickly flown to London to cover the role in Clarke's absence. Her debut performance took place on Friday December 16, 2011, and she continued to share the role with understudy Lisa Davina Phillip until early January 2012, when Clarke returned.
After a preview period that began in March 2012, the Broadway production opened Monday April 23, 2012, with Randolph playing opposite Richard Fleeshman and Caissie Levy in the leading roles. She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. In 2013 she acted in her feature film debut in a supporting role, in Mother of George directed by Andrew Dosunmu. The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival to positive reviews. The following year she played a nurse in the comedy-drama The Angriest Man in Brooklyn (2014) starring Robin Williams. Randolph rose to prominence acting in one of the main roles as Charmonique Whitaker in Selfie, which premiered on September 30, 2014. The show starred Karen Gillan and John Cho. It received mixed reviews and was cancelled after one season, but the show continued to have a cult fan base. When asked about a Selfie revival in May 2022, Randolph responded that she would return in a movie or limited series if given the opportunity. She mentioned that it meant a lot to her and the cast, and that fans still talk about the series years after it aired. Randolph commented that she loved working on the show and that her character was one of her favorite roles.From 2015 to 2017 Randolph performed a voice role as Christine in the series The Mr. Peabody & Sherman Show. She also had guest roles on The Good Wife (2013), See Dad Run (2014), Life in Pieces (2015), and Veep (2017). She had a recurring role as Tanya in the drama series This Is Us (2016). The same year, she had a part in Office Christmas Party (2016). She starred as one of the main roles as Yvonne Watson, a postal worker in the sitcom People of Earth from 2016 to 2017. She had recurring roles in the series Empire from 2017 to 2018 and in the series On Becoming a God in Central Florida in 2019.
She had her breakout role as Lady Reed in Dolemite Is My Name (2019) starring Eddie Murphy. For her performance she received nominations for the African-American Film Critics Association, Black Reel Awards, and NAACP Image Awards for Best Supporting Actress. The following year, she acted in Kajillionaire (2020), and she was a main cast member in High Fidelity (2020). During this time, she took voice roles as Ranger Woolf in Madagascar: A Little Wild from 2020 to 2022, Tamarind Toucan in Tuca & Bertie (2021), Detective Gail Johnson in Ultra City Smiths (2021), Tina in Chicago Party Aunt from 2021 to 2022, and various roles in Birdgirl (2022). She also voiced roles in the animated films Trolls World Tour (2020) and Puss in Boots: The Last Wish (2022).
She took roles in the drama film The United States vs. Billie Holiday (2021) and the comedy The Lost City (2022). In 2021. she took a main role in the sitcom The Last O.G. (2021). Since 2021, she has taken a recurring role as Detective Williams in the series Only Murders in the Building starring Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez. She played a manager to a pop star in the controversial series The Idol (2023). In 2023, she starred in Alexander Payne's coming-of-age film The Holdovers as Mary Lamb, a cook and bereaved mother. The film premiered at the Telluride Film Festival. She earned praise for the role, with Pete Hammond of Deadline Hollywood writing "Randolph is simply wonderful, saying more with a look than any words could ever do. She is enormously touching and earns our tears along the way." Randolph received numerous nominations and awards for the role, including winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and receiving a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. The same year, she played gospel singer Mahalia Jackson in the political drama film Rustin.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Theatre 

 Awards and nominations 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Da'Vine Joy Randolph at IMDb
Da'Vine Joy Randolph at the Internet Broadway Database 
Da'Vine Joy Randolph at the Internet Off-Broadway Database

List of deceased maraji
This article provides the list of deceased maraji (plural of marja, the supreme legal authority or the source of emulation), both current and deceased, followed by Twelver (also known as Imamiyyah) Shia Muslims around the world. The concept of a marja-i taqlid (lit. source of emulation) is central to Usuli Shi'a Islam. Marja-i taqlids provide religious interpretations on matters of law and rituals. Among the functions of marja-i taqlids is the collection and distribution of religious taxes (zakat and khums).

 Deceased 
Note: The names are ordered by date of death (descending) as an arbitrary standard.

 Till 350 AH/960 CE 
Following are ulema (who may or may not be considered maraji) who have spent their major life spans before 350 AH/960 CE:

 351 AH/961 CE to 1200 AH/1785 CE 
Following are ulema who have spent their major life span between 350 AH/961 CE & 1200 AH/1785 CE:

 Between 1201 AH/1786 CE and 1300 AH/1883 CE 
Following are ulema (who may or may not be considered maraji) who have spent their major life span after 1201 AH/1785 CE & 1300 AH/1883 CE:

 Between 1900-1980 CE (1318-1400 AH) 
Following are ulema (who may or may not be considered maraji) who have spent their major life span after 1301 AH/1884 CE to 1400 AH/1980 CE:

 After 1980 CE (1400 AH) 
Following are ulema (who may or may not be considered maraji) who have spent their major life span after 1400 AH/1980 CE:

 See also 
List of current maraji
List of ayatollahs
Marja
Ijtihad
Ayatollah
Society of Seminary Teachers of Qom

 References 

 External links 
Prominent Ulamaa, prior to 100 years
ULAMAA - TIMELINE
Comprehensive List of Ulamaa / Jurists & their books ' An Extract from A Shiite Encyclopedia - Hasan Amini
Indian Ulamaa list
Leading Luminaries (ahl-ul-bayt.org)
Ulamaa Biography (imamreza.net)
Ulamaa Biography (imamreza.net)
Ulamaa Biographies (Jafariyanews.com)
Introduction to Scholars 5th / 11th century (al-islam.org)
Scholars Info (Playandlearn.org)

Deepwater Horizon (film)
Deepwater Horizon is a 2016 American biographical disaster film based on the Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. Peter Berg directed it from a screenplay by Matthew Michael Carnahan and Matthew Sand. It stars Mark Wahlberg, Kurt Russell, John Malkovich, Gina Rodriguez, Dylan O'Brien, and Kate Hudson. It is adapted from "Deepwater Horizon's Final Hours", a December 25, 2010 article in The New York Times written by David Barstow, David Rohde, and Stephanie Saul.Principal photography began on April 27, 2015, in New Orleans, Louisiana. The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival and was theatrically released in the United States on September 30, 2016. It received generally positive reviews, but was a box-office bomb, grossing slightly less than $122 million worldwide against a budget of $110 million, resulting in a loss of $60–112 million for the studio. The film was nominated for two Oscars at the 89th Academy Awards: Best Sound Editing and Best Visual Effects, and a BAFTA Award for Best Sound at the 70th British Academy Film Awards.

 Plot 

On April 20, 2010, Deepwater Horizon, an oil drilling rig operated by private contractor Transocean, is set to complete drilling off the southern coast of Louisiana on behalf of BP. Chief Electronics Technician Michael "Mike" Williams and Offshore Installation Manager James "Mr. Jimmy" Harrell are surprised to learn that the workers assigned to test the integrity of recently completed cement work are being sent home early, without conducting a cement bond log (CBL), at the insistence of BP managers Donald Vidrine and Robert Kaluza. 
While Mike prepares the drilling team, including Caleb Holloway, Shane Roshto and Adam Weise, Harrell meets with Vidrine and persuades him to conduct a negative pressure test, which indicates the cement has not properly sealed the well from the high-pressure reservoir. Vidrine disputes the test finding and orders a second test. After concluding the second test was a success, Vidrine pressures senior toolpusher Jason Anderson to run more tests and orders the rig to remove the drilling mud and prepare the rig to move to its next job. 
At first, the operation goes smoothly, but the cement job eventually fails completely, triggering a massive blowout that overpowers and kills Weise, Roshto and majority of the other drill team members. Holloway and Vidrine manage to evacuate the floor in time.
A chain of equipment malfunctions, coupled with a failed attempt to seal the well, ignites the oil, killing Anderson and the other toolpushers. Andrea Fleytas, the rig's Dynamic Position Operator, tries to alert the Coast Guard, only to be overruled by her superior, Captain Curt Kuchta, on the grounds that the rig is not in any imminent danger, at least until the rig erupts in flames, then Kuchta sends out his own call for help. With oil now spewing into the ocean, an oil-covered pelican flies into the bridge of a nearby vessel, the Damon Bankston, which was there to collect the drilling mud from the well, and dies; the vessel heads towards the rig just as the workers begin a frantic evacuation, sending out a rescue team after seeing the rig burst into flames. Harrell, still alive, although seriously injured in the explosion, is rescued by Mike and assumes control of the situation, only to discover that the rig cannot be saved. Aaron Dale Burkeen, a close friend of Mike's, sacrifices himself to keep a burning crane from collapsing onto the surviving crew, while Mike and Caleb are able to rescue Vidrine and Kaluza and get them to safety.
As night falls and the burning oil lights up the area, the Coast Guard becomes aware of the incident and sends ships and aircraft to rescue the survivors, who are being ferried in the lifeboats to the Damon Bankston as it was already on scene to assist with the evacuation and rescue. With all the lifeboats full, Mike locates the emergency life raft, but it becomes separated from the rig before he and Andrea can board, causing the latter to suffer a panic attack. Just as the oil in the well itself ignites and destroys the rig, the two jump into the water and are picked up by rescuers, who then ferry them to the Damon Bankston, where the surviving crew mourn their lost crewmen and say the Lord's Prayer.
Returned home, the workers reunite with their families in a hotel lobby; during which the parents of one of the missing crew members accost Mike, resulting in him having a panic attack. Luckily, Mike's family rush in to comfort him.
The film ends with a series of clips showing the aftermath of the disaster, including testimony from the real-life Mike Williams and the revelation that Donald Vidrine and Robert Kaluza were the only two people prosecuted for their actions; both were charged with eleven counts of manslaughter. By 2015 these charges were dismissed.  Pictures appear of the eleven men who lost their lives before the credits.  The movie postscript reads: "The blowout lasted for 87 days, spilling an estimated 210 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico. It was the worst oil disaster in U.S. history."

 Cast 

 Production 

 Development and writing 
On March 8, 2011, it was announced that Summit Entertainment, Participant Media, and Image Nation had acquired the film rights to The New York Times' article "Deepwater Horizon's Final Hours", written by David Barstow, David S. Rohde, and Stephanie Saul, and published on December 25, 2010, about the 2010 Deepwater Horizon explosion and subsequent oil spill. Matthew Sand was set to write the screenplay, while Lorenzo di Bonaventura was in talks to produce the film under his Di Bonaventura Pictures banner. Summit and Participant Media/Imagination would also finance the film. On acquiring the article to develop into a film, the president of Participant Media, Ricky Strauss said,

This is a perfect fit for us–a suspenseful and inspiring real-life account of everyday people whose values are tested in the face of an impending environmental disaster.
On July 24, 2012, Ric Roman Waugh was in talks with the studios to direct the film, Mark Vahradian was set to produce the film along with Bonaventura, and Lions Gate Entertainment also joined the project to produce and distribute. On July 11, 2014, it was announced that All Is Lost's director J. C. Chandor had been hired to direct the film; the screenplay's first draft was written by Sand, while Matthew Michael Carnahan wrote the second draft. In early October, it was confirmed that Summit would distribute the film, not Lionsgate. On January 30, 2015, it was reported that Lone Survivor director Peter Berg had replaced Chandor, and would re-team with Wahlberg on the film. Chandor exited due to creative differences.

 Casting 
On August 19, 2014, casting began, with actor Mark Wahlberg added in the lead role of the film. Wahlberg plays Mike Williams, a real-life electronics technician on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig. On March 18, 2015, Gina Rodriguez was set to play a woman named Andrea Fleytas, who was on the bridge on board the Deepwater Horizon at the time of the blowout, and frantically tried to contact the Coast Guard. On April 10, 2015, Deadline reported that Dylan O'Brien was in talks to play Caleb Holloway. Kurt Russell joined the film on the same day O'Brien was in talks. Soon after, John Malkovich was confirmed cast, as a BP representative who fatally underestimates the dangers of working on the rig. Kate Hudson was announced as a cast member in May 2015, and playing the wife of Wahlberg's character; her role was her first on-screen pairing with Russell, her stepfather, although they shared no dialogue in the film, only a hug.

 Filming 
Principal photography on the film began on April 27, 2015. It was officially announced by Lionsgate on May 18, 2015, that filming had begun in New Orleans, Louisiana. Production designer Chris Seagers built a 70 ft (21m) tall, 85% scale version of the Deepwater Horizon rig in the parking lot of the abandoned Six Flags New Orleans park. The set included a functional helipad and elevators. Beneath it was a tank filled with two million gallons of water, simulating the Gulf of Mexico.The film cost a total of $156 million to produce, with $122 million spent in Louisiana. As a result, Lionsgate (the studio financing the film) received a $37.7 million subsidy from the state, under Louisiana's film incentive program. Later estimates put the production cost at $110 million.

 Release 
Deepwater Horizon had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival, on September 13, where it received a standing ovation from audiences after the screening. It opened in theaters on September 30, 2016, distributed by Summit Entertainment in the United States and Canada, and by Lionsgate Entertainment internationally.

 Reception 

 Box office 
Deepwater Horizon grossed $61.4 million in the United States and Canada and $60.4 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $121.8 million, against a net production budget of around $110 million. The Hollywood Reporter judged it one of 2016's fourteen biggest box-office bombs.In the United States and Canada, Deepwater Horizon was projected to gross $16–20 million from 3,259 theaters in its opening weekend, although some publications noted Wahlberg's films tend to outperform box office projections. The film made $860,000 from its Thursday night previews at 2,400 theaters, and $7.1 million on its first day. In total, the film earned $20.2 million during its opening weekend, debuting at number two at the box office behind Tim Burton's Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. The film was released at a time when the marketplace was already dominated by two other adult-skewing pictures, The Magnificent Seven and Sully. The film over-performed in the Gulf Coast region, and also did well in IMAX, which earned $2.7 million of the film's total opening weekend.The film's opening weekend was regarded as underwhelming and a disappointment, given its hefty production budget, but dramas released during the fall, and Wahlberg's films, tend to have box office legs. Forbes called the opening "good, but not great", especially considering the solid reviews. While most adult-skewing films would generally be made on a conservative budget in order to protect themselves financially, Deepwater Horizon was produced for $110–120 million (after tax rebates). Box office analyst Jeff Block said the film was "a hard sell. This should have been a $60 million film. The budget was out of control." Recent real-life drama films such as Sully ($60 million budget), Bridge of Spies ($40 million) and Captain Phillips ($55 million) were made for more moderate amounts. The Hollywood Reporter noted that when Hollywood spends north of $100 million on a film, it is intended for a much broader audience, but that was not the case for Deepwater Horizon, as the main demographics were adults, with 67% of the total ticket buyers during its opening weekend being over the age of 35. Another possible reason for the film's mediocre debut was its marketing miss, which was also a subject of criticism; from the outset, Lionsgate marketed the film as a heroic tale versus an issues-oriented movie. The name "Deepwater Horizon" itself is more associated with the aftermath of the spill than the heroics of the men who survived and helped their fellow workers. The Hollywood Reporter estimated the film lost at least $60 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.Outside North America, Deepwater Horizon opened simultaneously in 52 markets, and grossed $12.4 million, of which IMAX made up $1 million 119 IMAX screens. The U.K. was the top earning market, with $2.6 million, followed by the Middle East ($1.5 million), Taiwan ($1.4 million), Australia ($1.3 million), and Russia ($1.2 million). In China, the film opened on Tuesday, November 15, where it delivered a six-day opening weekend of $7.9 million, debuting in third place, behind local film I Am Not Madame Bovary and the continuation of Doctor Strange. The next major markets to open were Germany (November 24) and Spain (November 25).

 Critical response 
Deepwater Horizon received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 83% based on 260 reviews with an average rating of 7.00/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Deepwater Horizon makes effective use of its titular man-made disaster to deliver an uncommonly serious – yet still suitably gripping – action thriller." On Metacritic, the film has a score 68 out of 100 based on 52 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a positive review, writing, "ruggedness and resilience counts for far more in the characterizations here than does nuance, and everyone delivers as required. From a craft and technical point of view, the film is all but seamless, a credit to the extra care taken to avoid a CGI look." Mike Ryan of Uproxx praised the film's performances and ability to make audiences angry at BP: "I'll be honest, I didn't think we needed a movie about this subject. I've changed my mind. And, if nothing else, I hope it gets people angry again, because the people who did this to our planet, and killed 11 people in the process, got off too easy." Benjamin Lee of The Guardian praised Berg's direction as "admirably, uncharacteristically restrained...[He] stages the action horribly well, capturing the panic and gruesome mayhem without the film ever feeling exploitative. It's spectacularly constructed, yet it doesn't forget about the loss of life, ensuring that, despite thin characterisation, the impact is felt."Former crew members started their own crowd-funded documentary project before the film's release, out of frustration with factual liberties taken in the film script and in the media.

 Accolades 

 Historical accuracy 
The film was praised for staying "remarkably close" to the actual events, though it did take some artistic liberties and did a poor job explaining why the blowout occurred.The movie opens with Mike William's daughter working on a science project and asking for a fossil. Later in the film, Williams gives his daughter a fossilised dinosaur tooth. In real life this never happened and was made up to help explain how the explosion occurred.Throughout the first half of the movie, gas is seen rupturing and coming out of the concrete at the sea floor, this didn't happen.In the movie, Donald Vidrine (the BP manager of the rig) disregards the first negative pressure test (saying it was the result of the "bladder effect") and then overrules Transocean after the second test. Actually, Vidrine was confused after the first test and contacted several supervisors and on-shore engineers for other opinions. After the second test, the bladder effect was brought up by a Transocean crew member.In the movie, Williams calls his wife and while in the call he hears the engines revving and his wife sees the lights getting brighter. In real life, he had just hung up when these things happened.The lifeboats did actually leave Mike Williams, Andrea Fleytas and 7 others on the rig. However, only Williams jumped off the rig. Fleytas jumped onto the life-raft that was deployed to save the remaining 7 people.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Deepwater Horizon at IMDb 
Deepwater Horizon at AllMovie

Daniel Margush
Daniel Margush (born 28 November 1997) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Western Sydney Wanderers in the A-League.

 Club career 

 Adelaide Raiders 
Daniel Margush joined Adelaide Raiders in 2014.

 Adelaide United 
Margush made his debut for Adelaide United in a win over Central Coast Mariners in January 2016. He was a surprise call-up to the starting side after John Hall was called up to Australia under-23 and Eugene Galekovic was injured in the week leading up to the match. In January 2020, he departed Adelaide United.

 Perth Glory 
A week and a half after leaving Adelaide United, Margush joined Perth Glory on a two-year deal. In November 2020, he mutually terminated his contract.

 Western Sydney Wanderers 
Following leaving Perth Glory, Margush signed a two-year deal at Western Sydney Wanderers.

 International career 
Margush was first called up to the Australia under-20 for 2016 AFC U-19 Championship qualification. He was again called up for the 2016 AFF U-19 Youth Championship. He made his debut in Australia's opening match of the competition, a win over Cambodia.

 Career statistics 

 Club 
As of match played 22 December 2019

 Honours 

 Club 
Adelaide United Youth

South Australian State League 1: 2015Adelaide United

A-League Premiership: 2015–16

 International 
AustraliaAFF U-19 Youth Championship: 2016

 References 

 External links 
Daniel Margush at Soccerway

List of the busiest airports in the Caribbean
This is a list of the busiest airports in the Caribbean region by passenger traffic. Statistics are available for almost all the airstrips taken into account. The present list intends to include all the international airports located in the area geographically defined as the Caribbean.
Given that each country has a different body to control these statistics, the compilation of data is difficult and not homogeneously distributed. The information presented here, represents the best available data from different Internet sources. The list contains statistics for different years, since each country authority does not have strong regulations reporting passengers traffic. The ranking is ordered according to total passenger traffic (unless the footnotes indicate the contrary). Information on aircraft movements or cargo movements is not available for all of the airports.

 In graph 

 Ranking of airports 
Note: Although there are more than fifteen international airports in the Caribbean area, statistics were not available for each one of them. Any additional information could improve the article.

 Notes 

 See also 
List of the busiest airports in Central America
List of the busiest airports in Latin America
List of the busiest airports in South America

 References 

Assassins (1995 film)
Assassins is a 1995 American action thriller film directed by Richard Donner. The screenplay was written by The Wachowskis and Brian Helgeland. The film stars Sylvester Stallone and Antonio Banderas and costars Julianne Moore. The Wachowskis stated that their script was completely rewritten by Helgeland, and that they tried to remove their names from the film but failed.

 Plot 
Assassin Robert Rath plans to retire, haunted by the memory of murdering his mentor Nicolai several years ago. While on an assignment, Miguel Bain, another assassin, manages to eliminate Rath’s target first: Bain then reveals his plan to kill Rath and become the world’s best assassin.
As Rath tries to figure out who sent Bain, his contractor offers him a lucrative job that could allow him to retire: kill a computer hacker named Electra and the four Dutch buyers of a computer disk she possesses, before retrieving it. Electra has set up CCTV cameras and an elaborate mechanism for remotely moving items between rooms in the building where she is based.
At the hotel where the buy is to be executed, Bain finds and kills the four Dutchmen first, who turn out to be Interpol agents. Realizing Bain is after the same target as he is once again, Rath spares Electra, and the two escape with the disk.
Scared by the whole situation, Electra runs away from Rath to her house. Both Bain and Rath separately track her down. During the ensuing fight, Bain kills Electra's neighbors and is about to kill her when Rath intervenes. Realizing Rath does not want to kill her, Electra decides to trust him.
Rath exchanges the disk for his fee, given to him in a briefcase. However, the briefcase turns out to contain a bomb placed by his contractor in an attempt to kill him. After surviving the attempt on his life, Rath is told by Electra that she had swapped the disk, unsure if he would come back. 
Rath then demands a greatly increased fee from his contractor, this time to be wired to a bank in Puerto Rico, but the contractor hires Bain to kill Rath. Rath and Electra travel to the bank where he identifies the decrepit, abandoned hotel that Bain will use as a sniper post, and plans a trap.
Fifteen years ago, an afternoon in which Nicolai was getting out of that same bank, Rath used the building to shoot at him. The trap works and Rath manages to both get the money and fire multiple shots at Bain. After Bain's apparent death, Nicolai appears, revealing that he had had a bulletproof vest on when Rath shot him.
Knowing that Nicolai would kill him too, Bain and Rath both shoot him dead. Bain still plans to kill Rath and become number one. Electra then puts on her sunglasses, allowing Rath to see Bain; Rath shoots through Bain's jacket and kills him. 
After Bain's death, Rath and Electra leave the place, take her cat, and reveal that their true names are Joseph and Anna respectively.

 Cast 
Sylvester Stallone as Robert Rath/Joseph Rath
Antonio Banderas as Miguel Bain
Julianne Moore as Electra/Anna
Anatoly Davydov as Nicolai Tashlinkov
Muse Watson as Ketcham
Steve Kahan as Alan Branch
Kai Wulff as Remy
Mark Coates as Jereme Kyle
Kelly Rowan as Jennifer
Reed Diamond as Bob

 Production 
The original spec screenplay was written by The Wachowskis and sold for $1 million to producer Joel Silver around the same time he bought their script for The Matrix, also for $1 million. The script was similar to the final product, but with a more developed love story between Rath and Electra and a briefer ending without the character of Nicolai. Joel Silver offered Richard Donner $10 million to direct, but Donner insisted the script be rewritten to tone down the violence and make the central character more sympathetic and brought in Brian Helgeland, who did a page one rewrite and earned a co-screenwriter credit. The Wachowskis attempted to remove their name from the film but were refused by the Writers Guild of America.The film was shot in Seattle, Washington, San Juan, Puerto Rico and Portland, Oregon.

 Reception 
The film received mostly negative press, and film-critic aggregator Rotten Tomatoes collated 16% positive reviews of 49 reviews, with an average rating of 3.8/10. The script was heavily criticized for being confusing and dull. Stallone's performance in the film earned him a Golden Raspberry Award nomination for Worst Actor (also for Judge Dredd), but lost the trophy to Pauly Shore for Jury Duty.

About the reception, Richard Donner said:"I thought Stallone did one of the best jobs he's ever done. He underplayed, he was quiet, he found the character and he went with it. I thought Antonio Banderas was wonderful. The picture came out, and it did not do very well at all. Sure, it hurts and you know why you wish it would do better? The studio gave you a lot of money and you want them to make their money back so that other people can make movies (...) Warners have been good to us and gave us money to make that movie. And I thought we did a good job and they thought we did a good job, but the audiences and critics didn't like it. Did I feel bad? Sure. Did it get me down? Nope, nope, nope – too lucky to be in this business to be down in the dumps."

 Box office 
Assassins debuted at No. 2 at the box office behind Seven. The film grossed $30.3 million in the US and another $53 million worldwide, for a total of $83.3 million.Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.

 References 

 External links 
Assassins at IMDb 
Assassins at Box Office Mojo
Original screenplay by the Wachowskis
Screenplay revised by Brian Helgeland

2009 Washington Referendum 71
The 2009 Washington Referendum 71 (R-71) legalized domestic partnership in Washington state, the first statewide referendum in the United States that extended to LGBT people the rights and responsibility of domestic partnership.  The bill had passed State Legislature, and it was signed into law by the Governor in May 2009, but opponents gathered enough signatures to put the measure before the voters, who returned ballots by mail over three weeks ending on November 3, 2009, approving the measure 53% to 47%. The new law went into effect 30 days later, on December 3, 2009.Prior to this Washington state vote, a ban on same-sex marriages and civil unions, Arizona Proposition 107, was rejected by voters in that state in 2006, who two years later passed the civil-unions-neutral Arizona Proposition 102.

 History 
Senate Bill 5688 was signed by Governor Christine Gregoire on May 18, 2009. On July 25, 2009, the organization Protect Marriage Washington submitted petitions containing 137,881 signatures to the Washington Secretary of State's office. State law requires at least 120,577 valid signatures to qualify for the October–November 2009 ballot. The Secretary of State officially verified 122,007 of the signatures on September 1, 2009.Under the State Constitution, laws passed by the legislature do not take effect until ninety days after the close of the legislative session, unless the Legislature declares an emergency, which would put the law in effect immediately. During this ninety-day period citizens can attempt to force a referendum by gathering enough verified signatures, at least four percent of the number of voters in the previous gubernatorial election. A successful petition places the law on hold, pending a referendum in the next election.Enactment of the Washington Legislature-approved law was initially halted pending signature-verification; having received sufficient valid signatures to require voter re-confirmation, the state extended the hold until the results of the 2009 general election were made official.Several lawsuits were filed to block R-71 from appearing on the ballot, but none was successful in court.A second challenge to the ballot certification brought in Thurston County by Arthur West was dismissed upon the Secretary of State's misrepresentation of the scope of the federal injunction. A third challenge brought by WFST was dismissed by agreement without review of the signature sheets.  There was an active lawsuit to be heard by the Supreme Court to decide if and when signatories to ballot measures are to be revealed publicly. Following the dissolution of the injunction on November 17, 2011, the Secretary of State first released some copies of the R-71 signatures, but then halted such releases pending a motion for a further injunction to be heard on November 24, 2011 in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.

 Provisions of the law 
The full title of the proposal approved in the referendum was Engrossed Second Substitute Senate Bill 5688. It was intended to make domestic partnership in Washington state equivalent to marriage, without being called by that name. For this reason it is sometimes referred to as the "everything but marriage bill". The law made many changes to the Revised Code. Its overall purpose is stated in Section 1:

It is the intent of the legislature that for all purposes under state law, state registered domestic partners shall be treated the same as married spouses ...The provisions of this act shall be liberally construed to achieve equal treatment, to the extent not in conflict with federal law, of state registered domestic partners and married spouses.

 Text of referendum 
Legislation challenged by petition is put on the ballot with wording that asks voters to choose Approved or Rejected to either enact or strike down the law.

Ballot TitleStatement of Subject: The legislature passed Engrossed Second Substitute Senate Bill 5688 concerning rights and responsibilities of state-registered domestic partners [and voters have filed a sufficient referendum petition on this bill].
Concise Description: This bill would expand the rights, responsibilities, and obligations accorded state-registered same-sex and senior domestic partners to be equivalent to those of married spouses, except that a domestic partnership is not a marriage.
Should this bill be:
Approved ___ 
Rejected ___

Ballot Measure SummarySame-sex couples, or any couple that includes one person age sixty-two or older, may register as a domestic partnership with the state. Registered domestic partnerships are not marriages, and marriage is prohibited except between one man and one woman. This bill would expand the rights, responsibilities, and obligations of registered domestic partners and their families to include all rights, responsibilities, and obligations granted by or imposed by state law on married couples and their families.

 Background 

The proposal to overturn the bill was filed by Larry Stickney, president of the Washington Values Alliance, a group that opposes recognition of same-sex relationships.  Organizations favoring the original legislation and opposing putting the issue up for referendum, such as Equal Rights Washington and Washington Families Standing Together, led the 'Decline to Sign' campaign, urging voters not to sign the petitions to put the referendum on the November 2009 ballot.

 Reaction to petition 
Ed Murray, who sponsored the initial domestic partnership legislation in 2007 (Senate Bill 5336), stated:

While it's regrettable that a referendum is being filed to undo the progress we made this session to treat gay and lesbian families the same as married families, I don't believe that voters will decide in November to take away rights from anyone…
Governor Gregoire stated:

I respect the peoples' right to place a referendum on the ballot following legislative action. However, I am obviously very disappointed that this message will be debated once again. I signed the original bill and believe it should be and will be the law of our great state. Washington state has a history of fighting to ensure everyone – mothers, fathers, sons, daughters, brothers, sisters – enjoys equal rights.
Protect Marriage Washington argued, however, that the "consent of the governed" as per the Declaration of Independence has been withheld from same sex marriage in every state where the issue has been put to a vote of the people. It has been noted that Referendum 71 is about Domestic Partnerships and does not grant marriage equality to same sex couples.

 Polls 
A 2007 University of Washington poll found 73% of Washington voters support some legal recognition of same-sex relationships (civil union/domestic partnership or marriage). The same group in October 2009 conducted a poll (N = 754 registered voters) and found that 56% of respondents planned to vote 'approve', and 39% planned to vote 'reject.'A 2009 Elway Poll commissioned by the Faith and Freedom Network, an organization opposed to gay marriage, asked "Should homosexuals be allowed to legally marry?" The Elway Poll (N = 405 registered voters) reported 43% saying yes and 50% saying no.
A September 2009 poll (N = 569 likely voters) commissioned by the Approve 71 campaign and conducted by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner (GQR) found that, when presented with the actual Referendum's language, 51% of likely voters chose to approve and 44% to reject the legislation.  A later GQR poll (N = 500 likely voters) released on October 26, 2009 found that the 53% approved the legislation, while 36% rejected it.An October 2009 poll by Survey USA, funded by KING-TV in Seattle showed that 50% of the 561 likely voters polled would vote for the measure while 43% would reject it, 7% unsure.

 Election results 

 Endorsers of Referendum 71 

 Endorsing a vote of "approve" 
Governor Christine Gregoire
U.S. Senators Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell
U.S. Representatives Jay Inslee, Rick Larsen, and Jim McDermott
17 of 49 state senators
46 of 98 state representatives
Microsoft
Boeing
Google
Nike, Inc.
Puget Sound Energy
RealNetworks
Vulcan Inc.
Washington State Democratic Party
Washington Association of Churches
League of Women Voters of Washington
Mainstream Republicans of Washington
Washington State Council of Firefighters
Washington State Nurses Association
Children's Alliance
Washington State Bar Association
Washington State Senior Citizens Lobby
NAACP, King County Chapter
over 260 other organizationsNewspapers:

The Columbian
Everett Herald
The News Tribune
The Olympian
The Oregonian
The Seattle Times
Skagit Valley Herald
The Spokesman-Review
The Stranger
Walla Walla Union-Bulletin

 Endorsing a vote of "reject" 
Washington Values Alliance - Larry Stickney
Washington State Republican Party
Washington Eagle Forum - Cindy Honcoop
Pastor Ken Hutcherson, Antioch Bible Church
Faith and Freedom Network - Gary Randall
Christian Coalition of Washington - Rick Forcier
YWAM & US Renewal - Ron Boehme
Family Policy Institute of Washington
Facts for Freedom - Jim Galbraith
Washington Opposed to Pro-Homosexual Policies, Pastor Gary & Annetta Small
Concerned Citizens of Pierce County - Pat Burgess
The Reagan Wing - Doug Parris
Constitution Party of Washington State
Concerned Women for America (Washington)
Spokane American Family Association - Wayne Lawson
Knights of Columbus, Bremerton Council
Washington State Catholic Conference.

 Signature release controversy 
The Washington State Constitution establishes the required number of signatures for ballot measures.  Referendum sponsors must submit a number of signatures at least equal to 4% of the votes cast for the office of governor in the most recent gubernatorial election in the state. The state contends that the papers on which these submitted signatures are collected are typically a matter of public record, claims that signing a petition for a referendum or initiative that qualifies for a ballot is a legislative act, and thus argues that voters are entitled to know who is behind such measures.Some individuals and a group called WhoSigned.org requested these signatures for the Referendum 71 ballot application.  Protect Marriage Washington filed to block the release of these signatures, arguing that, "due to the highly charged nature of the topic of Referendum 71, (domestic partnerships, gay rights, the traditional definition of marriage, etc.) that the personal information on the petitions for Referendum 71 warrant particular protection." The issue escalated to the U.S. Supreme Court where on October 19, 2009 Justice Kennedy issued a temporary block to the release of the names and then the following day the Court voted 8-1 (with John Paul Stevens being the lone dissenter) to withhold the signatures until the issue could receive a full hearing.The Supreme Court heard full arguments in the case, Doe v. Reed, on April 28, 2010. The Supreme Court decision would likely set a precedent for public disclosure rules for all referendum and initiative petitions within all states which use those citizen procedures.On June 24, 2010, the US Supreme Court rejected Protect Marriage Washington's claims in an 8–1 decision, with only Thomas dissenting.  The court upheld the constitutionality of the Public Records Act under which the petition was requested.  The question of whether to block release of the petition on narrower grounds was decided before the district court.  Washington State's Office on Monday began making public the names of 137,500 people who signed Referendum 71 petitions two years ago to bring a domestic-partnership law to a public vote.

 Advertisements in popular culture 
Satirist Stephen Colbert made light of one advertisement created by Protect Marriage Washington on The Colbert Report's October 26, 2009, show. The ad asserts that in May 2004, gay marriage was legalized in Scandinavia and coincided with a suicide rate doubling and an illegal drug use increasing nineteen-fold. Colbert went on to say the ad was "terrifying," adding, "and that ad is no less terrifying just because there is no country called Scandinavia, none of the countries in Scandinavia passed gay marriage laws in 2004, and the statistics on suicide and drug use are made up."

 See also 
Domestic partnership in Washington State
Same-sex marriage in Washington State
Washington Referendum 74
Maine Question 1, 2012

 External links 
WAFST Approve Referendum 71 Campaign
Washington Values Alliance: Protect Marriage WA

 References 

Molecule Man
The Molecule Man (Owen Reece) is a character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He first appeared in Fantastic Four #20 in November 1963 and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. An enormously powerful entity, he is often portrayed as a supervillain, but sometimes takes the role of a reformed outlaw or reluctant hero.

 Publication history 
The Molecule Man was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, and first appeared in Fantastic Four #20.

 Fictional character biography 
Owen Reece was a timid child from Brooklyn, New York who obsessively clung to his mother. He grew into a weak-willed adult, made bitter and lonely by his mother's death, and full of fear and hatred of what he regarded as a deeply unfriendly world. Reece became a lowly laboratory technician working at a nuclear plant owned by the Acme Atomics Corporation. He was disgruntled by his job's long hours and low pay. One day, Reece accidentally activated an experimental particle generator, which bombarded him with an unknown form of radiation, later revealed to be energy from a dimension containing the Beyonder. The radiation had a mutagenic effect on Reece, releasing his potential for psionic powers on a cosmic scale. Reece could now control all matter, even down to the molecular level, and all energy. The radiation also left markings resembling lightning bolts across Reece's face. Reece named himself the "Molecule Man" after his power to control molecules.The accident also opened a wormhole between Earth's dimension and the Beyonder's dimension. During the following years, the Beyonder observed Earth and its multiverse through the interdimensional pinhole.The day after the accident, the president of Acme Atomics fired Reece for his carelessness, not even knowing his name after his twelve years of work there. Angered, Molecule Man covered the president and his desk with ice that he formed from molecules in the air. Reece became a criminal and set out to use his powers to take revenge on a world he believed had belittled and persecuted him. However, Reece's self-doubt, fear, and self-hatred subconsciously restricted his powers. He believed he was unable to affect organic molecules, and that his power resided in a metal wand. Uatu the Watcher recognized the threat that the Molecule Man posed and alerted the Fantastic Four. The Molecule Man easily defeated the Fantastic Four, forcing them to retreat. He created a glass barrier around Manhattan Island, saying the people would be trapped until the Fantastic Four were brought to him. Mister Fantastic, realizing Reece had only affected inorganic molecules, had Alicia Masters lure him to her apartment with the Fantastic Four flare. The Fantastic Four pretended to be statues by covering themselves with plaster. When Reece found himself unable to affect the statues, he dropped his wand in shock, allowing Mister Fantastic to grab it. The Watcher transported the Molecule Man to confinement in an other-dimensional world where time passed at an accelerated rate.Believing himself unable to escape, Reece created a humanoid construct to serve as his companion and, through unknown means, endowed it with consciousness. Reece let the construct believe itself to be his son. Before dying, Reece transferred his consciousness and powers into the wand his son carried. Not bound by human limitations, the construct, known as the new Molecule Man, escaped to Earth. In an attempt to avenge his father, the new Molecule Man battled both the Man-Thing and the Thing of the Fantastic Four. Dependent on the metal wand to maintain his existence in this dimension, the new Molecule Man disintegrated when the wand was taken from him.However, the consciousness and powers of the original Molecule Man remained within the wand, and Molecule Man could overpower the minds of whoever touched the wand and take control of their bodies. He took mental possession of Cynthia McClellan, and through her, battled Iron Man. Molecule Man then took mental possession of Aaron Stankey and Mister Fantastic.The wand passed through the hands of a succession of holders until Reece's mind recreated his mutated body and transferred his consciousness and powers out of the wand and into the body. He threatened to destroy the world, but was persuaded by Tigra to give himself up and seek psychiatric help.Reece did so, and soon began to change. He now had simple goals: true love, friendship, and a good home. However, Reece found himself sent to Battleworld, the planet created by the Beyonder, as part of the small army of criminal superhuman beings that were to engage in the first Secret War. Impressed by the charismatic dictator Doctor Doom, Reece agreed to help fight the superheroes also brought to Battleworld. During the course of the war, Reece and a superhuman called Volcana fell in love. Doctor Doom eventually succeeded in temporarily stealing the power of the Beyonder and transferring it into himself. Believing himself abandoned by Doctor Doom, Reece threatened to kill him. But Doctor Doom helped Reece break through his mental blocks and realize that his power was greater than he had believed. No longer angry at Doctor Doom, Reece transported himself, Volcana, and most of the criminals back to Earth. On Earth, Reece and Volcana began living together quietly in a Denver suburb, and Reece took a job as a worker in an atomic plant.Months later, the Beyonder, again in possession of his full power, came to Earth in humanoid form seeking emotional fulfillment. When he failed, the Beyonder decided to rid himself of the problem by obliterating the multiverse. Reece attempted to save the universe by destroying the Beyonder, but the Beyonder's immense power far surpassed even Reece's own. Reece joined forces with many of Earth's superhuman champions to battle him. But the Molecule Man exhausted himself fighting the Beyonder, who unleashed an immensely powerful blast of energy to destroy Reece and his allies. The blast ripped open Earth's crust in the area of the Rocky Mountains, and would have caused incredible planet-wide instability if not for Molecule Man's power. Molecule Man used his power to shield himself and his allies, and to remove every living thing from the path of the blast to safety. As a result of his monumental efforts, Reece severely injured himself internally.His foes appearing to have been defeated, the Beyonder proceeded with his new plan to find fulfillment by using a complex machine to transform himself into a mortal being with his full power. The machine drained the Beyonder's power into itself, transformed him into a mortal baby, and then began transferring the energy back into him. The infant would soon again become an adult. Molecule Man and his allies found the machine, and Reece, believing they could not take the chance that the newly reborn Beyonder would not someday destroy the multiverse, decided to kill him while he was vulnerable. Reece destroyed the machine, causing the infant's death, and diverted the Beyonder's immense power, which the machine released, through an interdimensional portal into the dimension from which the Beyonder had originally come. There the energy created a new universe.The injured Molecule Man and the Silver Surfer, uniting their power temporarily, repaired all the damage done to the Earth, restoring the mountains and the part of the crust that the Beyonder had destroyed. Reece, believing that Earth's superhuman champions would always worry about his misusing them, pretended his powers had been burned out. Only Volcana and Silver Surfer know that Reece still has his powers. Reece lived quietly for a time with Rosenberg in their Denver suburb.Reece was briefly merged with the Beyonder to take part in the creation of the complete Cosmic Cube being known as Kosmos. The Cube expelled him and he returned to Earth. He was then defeated in combat by Klaw, and separated from Volcana. The Molecule Man was later placed under the mental control of the Puppet Master. The Puppet Master used Reece to combat Aron the Rogue Watcher, but Aron defeated him. The now generally benevolent Reece accidentally releases his "darkest aspect", which takes separate form and attacks Kosmos in search of revenge upon the Beyonder, and it extracts and fights this part of the whole in a more than three-dimensional battle. After it defeats the Beyonder, Kubik and the original Molecule Man stop it from delivering the death blow, as this would also kill the peaceful Kosmos. Owen reabsorbs it, and as farewell, Kubik states that Owen's true self's full potential is far greater than that of his dark side.Doc Samson stumbles upon the Molecule Man while searching for the missing Bruce Banner. Owen mistakenly thinks that he is being stalked, and captures Samson to explain himself. After She-Hulk gets involved, they clear up the misunderstanding. He reveals that his relationship with Marsha has hit a road bump, leading to temporary separation that makes him depressed. Samson convinces Owen to display his affection more openly, whereupon the latter decides to repair areas destroyed by recent terrorist activity in Marsha's honor, including rebuilding Mount Rushmore with the addition of her own likeness, which his girlfriend apparently finds touching.The Molecule Man was listed as one of the Raft escapees after the events of The New Avengers #1.
During the "Secret Invasion" storyline, Molecule Man is one of the villains incarcerated in the Raft when the Skrulls strike.A series of disappearances in the small town of Dinosaur, Colorado, causes Norman Osborn's "Dark Avengers" to visit the area. Sentry arrives first and is instantly disintegrated. Owen, isolated from everyone, has lost the ability to differentiate between hallucinations and reality, and secluded himself near the area he was born. After the other Avengers are defeated, Victoria Hand convinces Reece to restore everyone and everything he destroyed and to stop being a threat, in return for being left alone in the future. Sentry returns at this point, attacks the Molecule Man, and pulls him into the air, but is destroyed again. Sentry immediately reforms, and takes advantage of Owen's distraction from an incoming missile to take control of his body. Apparently unaware that Owen had already promised to do so, Sentry tells the Molecule Man to restore everything or be killed. Owen does so, but Sentry still disintegrates his body in return.Reece's body was reformed and imprisoned by Doctor Doom, who intended to use him, as his energy frequency matched with the beacon of the Mapmakers, to oppose whatever was the origin of the Incursions and the decay of the universe. The Molecule Man took Doom elsewhere, a blank void from where they subsequently traveled backwards through the mists of time.Doom and the Molecule Man arrived twenty-five years into the past of another universe, where they witnessed the origin of said reality's Molecule Man. The journey affected Molecule Man's mind, restoring it from its chaotic state which enables Reece to inform Doom that his accident was caused by the Beyonders, who created the Molecule Man in the first place as a singularity across every reality, to have the function of a "bomb", which would destroy its universe if he died. To prove his point the Molecule Man killed his counterpart, which set off the early death of his counterpart's universe, and is the default origin of the Incursions. The Molecule Man convinced Doom that to thwart the plans of the Beyonders, he had to embark on a mission to kill every one of the Molecule Men, but they realized that this course of action was not going to prevent the early death of the Multiverse. Therefore, they began to collect Molecule Men in order to build a weapon to use against the Beyonders. It worked and the Beyonders' power were siphoned into the Molecule Man.The nearly omnipotent Doctor Doom kept the Molecule Man in a special chamber in his castle after using him to kill the Beyonders, absorb their power, and form of his Battleworld. During the attack on Castle Doom, the two Spider-Men (Peter Parker and Miles Morales) found the chamber that the Molecule Man is in. Like every visitor before him, the Molecule Man asks if they had any food with them. Miles gives him a hamburger from his pocket, for which Reece states he is in debt to Miles. Upon learning that the Molecule Man is the source of Doom's powers, the two Spider-Men leave. Mister Fantastic and Maker (the Earth-1610 version of Mister Fantastic) enter the Molecule Man's chamber where Maker is seemingly killed by the Molecule Man while Mister Fantastic fights God Emperor Doom. To make the fight between Mister Fantastic and Doctor Doom fair, the Molecule Man depowered Doom. During the fight, Doom admits that Mister Fantastic would have done better with the godlike powers, and in response, the Molecule Man gives the power of the Beyonders to Mister Fantastic, causing Battleworld to fall apart. With his newfound omnipotence in conjunction with Franklin Richards' ability to shape entire universes, Mister Fantastic begins to reconstruct the Multiverse. As each new reality is recreated, a portion of the Molecule Man attached to it as an "anchor", which has the effect of restoring his sanity. In gratitude to Miles, the Molecule Man transfers him, his family (including his now-resurrected mother), and his friends to Earth-616, now known as The Prime Earth. Their entire life histories are merged with this new Prime Earth, and have no memory of having originated from a different universe, except the participants of the Battleworld who still have their former respective original universes' memories intact.The Molecule Man was later seen with Mister Fantastic, Invisible Woman, Franklin Richards, Valeria Richards, and the Future Foundation on a world where he has noticed that Franklin's reality-warping capabilities are depleting. When the Griever at the End of All Things attacked, she killed the Molecule Man and had her Endlings feed off of his energies. Following that, the Future Foundation (led by Alex Power) went on a quest to reassemble the Molecule Man's pieces, but the Maker want to steal the pieces for himself.It was eventually revealed that Reece survived the attack from the Griever by placing all of his consciousness into one molecule and teleporting it to the Microverse.

 Powers and abilities 
Owen Reece originally has the ability to psionically manipulate molecules for a variety of effects, such as force field generation, energy blasts, and hyperspace travel. However, he later gained reality-bending capabilities on a multiversal scale. Reece subconsciously imposed mental blocks on himself that prevented him from affecting organic molecules, though he later overcame the blocks. The Molecule Man was initially dependent on using a steel rod so he could focus his powers, but subsequently learned how to direct them without it.The Molecule Man was intended to be a multiversal demolition tool by the Beyonders. Each version of Reece in every universe is the same and they are all connected. If Reece dies, the universe also dies, too. Furthermore, this causes a contraction in the multiverse, thus inducing universal collision events called "incursions."As his power originates from the Beyonders, Reece is connected to them so he can absorb their energies. With the help of Doctor Doom, he was able to drain the powers of the Beyonders and store them within himself. By utilizing the stolen energy, Doom uses it to create Battleworld out of the remnants from incursion worlds. The Molecule Man aids in the creation of a new multiverse called the Eighth Cosmos (an old Seventh Cosmos continuation).

 Other versions 

 JLA/Avengers 
In JLA/Avengers, the Molecule Man is seen among the enthralled villains defending Krona's stronghold. He is shown encased in stone. When Firestorm asks who did this, the Wasp tells him it was Sersi.

 In other media 

 Television 
Molecule Man appears in a self-titled episode of Fantastic Four, voiced by Henry Corden.
Molecule Man appears in The Super Hero Squad Show, voiced by Fred Stoller. This version is Volcana's boyfriend and a member of Doctor Doom's Lethal Legion.
Molecule Man makes a non-speaking appearance in the Avengers Assemble episode "Molecule Kid". He fought the Avengers and was disarmed of his wand which later came into the possession of his son Aaron Reece (voiced by Daryl Sabara). In response, Nick Fury assigns Hawkeye and Black Widow to track down Aaron and confiscate the wand. After Aaron learns of them and A.I.M. coming after him, he attempts to flee, but is captured by MODOK controlling the Super-Adaptoid. In the ensuing conflict between A.I.M. and the Avengers, the wand is accidentally broken, which also breaks reality. Despite this, Aaron uses the fragments to defeat the Super-Adaptoid and undo the damage with Iron Man's help before being transferred into S.H.I.E.L.D. custody to join Fury's training program for teenage superheroes.
Molecule Man appears in the Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur episode "The Great Beyond-er", voiced by Edward James Olmos. This version is a four-armed alien with control over non-organic matter. Believing himself to be an outcast, he relocated to another planet which he transformed and made popular across the universe until the Beyonder accidentally destroyed it playing golf on a neighboring planet, causing him to vow revenge. After Moon Girl and the Beyonder outwit him, he manages to locate where Moon Girl is and attacks her home. Moon Girl once again defeats him before he sees the error of his ways and decides to rebuild his planet.

 Video games 
Molecule Man appears as a playable character in Marvel Future Fight.

 References 

 External links 
Molecule Man at Marvel.com

List of All TV original programming
All TV (stylized as ALLTV) is a free-to-air broadcast television network in the Philippines owned by Advanced Media Broadcasting System (AMBS). The following is a list of all television original programming by All TV since it began its television operations in 2022.

 Current original programming 

 Newscast 
All TV News Break (2024; simulcast on All Radio 103.5 and All TV News Facebook page)

 Talk 
M.O.M.S — Mhies on a Mission (2022)
Negosyo Goals (2023)

 Public affairs 
Kuha All! (2022)

 Former original programming 

 Variety 
Wowowin (2022–2023)

 Talk 
Toni (2022-2023)
Toni Talks (2022)

 Others 
EZ Shop Asia (2022)
InstaJam (2022)
Island Living (2022-2023)
K-Lite Radio TV (2022)

 Previously aired specials 
13th PMPC Star Awards for Music (November 12, 2022)
Manny Pacquiao vs. DK Yoo (December 11, 2022)
Miss Earth 2022 (December 3, 2022)
SONA 2023: Makalipas ang Isang Taon - The All TV News Special Coverage (July 24, 2023)
38th PMPC Star Awards for Movies (August 20, 2023)

 References 

 External links 
Official website
ALLTV on YouTube
ALLTV Entertainment on YouTube

Charlotte Seymour, Duchess of Somerset
Charlotte Seymour, Duchess of Somerset (c.1693 – 21 January 1773), formerly Lady Charlotte Finch, was the second wife of Charles Seymour, 6th Duke of Somerset. Lady Charlotte was the first of twenty-one 'ladies of quality and distinction' who signed Thomas Coram's first petition, presented to King George II in 1735, calling for the establishment of the Foundling Hospital.

 Biography 
Lady Charlotte was a daughter of Daniel Finch, 7th Earl of Winchilsea and 2nd Earl of Nottingham, by his second wife, the former Anne Hatton. She married the Duke of Somerset on 4 February 1726, and the marriage was not a happy one.  He was known as "The Proud Duke", and is said to have reproached her, after she had gently tapped him on the shoulder with her fan, with the words: "Madam, my first wife was a Percy and she never took such a liberty". The duke had for some years been corresponding with Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, now widowed, and continued to write to her after remarrying.

 Age controversy 
Burke's Peerage lists Lady Charlotte's year of birth as 1711, making her just 14 years old when she married the 63 year old Duke. However, correspondence between one of her descendants and the curator of the Foundling Museum's 2018 exhibition, "Ladies of Quality & Distinction", cites the family bible, which gives her year of birth as 1693. This is also the birth year engraved on her grave stone.

 Family 
Seymour already had children from his marriage to Lady Elizabeth Percy, who died in 1722. By Charlotte he had two further children:

Lady Frances Seymour (18 July 1728 – 25 January 1761), who married John Manners, Marquess of Granby,  and had children.
Lady Charlotte Seymour (21 September 1730 – 15 February 1805), who married Heneage Finch, 3rd Earl of Aylesford, a distant cousin, and had children.The duke was a strict father, and required Lady Frances and Lady Charlotte to stand and watch him taking his afternoon nap. If he woke and found that one of them was not paying attention, he threatened to disinherit her.
Copies of letters sent by Charlotte to her father are held in the National Archives. In Eliza Haywood's 1726 satire, The Secret History of the Present Intrigues of the Court of Carimania, the duchess is referred to under the pseudonym of "Euridice", while the duke was "Doraspe".
The duke died at the family seat of Petworth House in 1748, aged 86.
Lady Charlotte died on 21 January 1773.

 The Foundling Hospital 
In his efforts to establish the first Foundling Hospital, Thomas Coram approached ladies of nobility to support his petition to King George II. Lady Charlotte, Duchess of Somerset, was his first signatory, signing the petition on 9 March 1729 at Petworth. It is not known how Coram was introduced to Lady Charlotte, although Ruth K. McClure in her book 'Coram's Children, The London Foundling Hospital In The Eighteenth Century' suggests that it may have been through Henry Newman, secretary of the SPCK of which Coram was also a member, who had previously spent five years in the service of the Duke of Somerset. In his notebooks, Coram noted the date on which each of the lady petitioners signed in a list captioned 'An Exact Account when each Lady of Charity Signed their Declaration'.

 References 

Edward Pickard
Edward Pickard (3 December 1714 - 10 February 1778) was an English dissenting minister who founded the Orphan Working School in 1758. The Orphan school would eventually become a school in Reigate in Surrey. He also led a group who tried to change the law restricting the rights of dissenting ministers.

 Biography 
Pickard was born in Alcester in Warwickshire in 1714. He attended a number of dissenting schools before taking up with a congregation. However his views changed through Calvinism to Arianism and he moved on through a number of churches before coming to London as an afternoon preacher.In 1758 he was working as an assistant to Thomas Newman at the Presbyterian meeting in Carter Lane. Whilst there he was the leading light of fourteen people who met and founded the Orphan Working School. In the following year, Newman died and he took over the congregation.Between 1772 and 1774, Pickard gathered together the dissenting ministers in order that the terms of the 1689 Toleration Act for dissenting clergy could be modified. Under his leadership parliament twice considered a bill to modify the law. Both were unsuccessful and it was not until Pickard and many had lost interest that a new attempt was made in 1779.Pickard died of a fever in 1778, outliving Frances Sanderson, his wife. His orphan school went on under the guidance of Joseph Soul to arrive in the twentieth century where it was transformed into an orphanage for the poor into The Royal Alexandra and Albert School, a boarding school in Surrey.

 References 

Henry Bromley, 1st Baron Montfort
Henry Bromley, 1st Baron Montfort (20 August 1705 – 1 January 1755), of Horseheath Hall, Cambridgeshire, was a British landowner and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1727 until 1741 when he was raised to the peerage as Baron Montfort. He was a cricketer but also a gambler who killed himself in the face of financial ruin.

 Early life 
Bromley was the only son of John Bromley , and his wife Mercy Bromley, the daughter and eventual sole heir of William Bromley  (1656–1707). His mother died in childbirth and his father died in 1718.  One of his guardians was Samuel Shepheard.  He was  educated at Eton College and was admitted at  Clare College, Cambridge in 1724. He married Frances Wyndham, daughter of Thomas Wyndham and sister and heiress of Sir Francis Wyndham, 4th Baronet, of Trent, Dorset  on 18 March 1728. She died in childbed after the birth of their only son, and was buried in St Margaret's, Westminster.

 Career 
At the 1727 Bromley was elected in a contest as Whig Member of Parliament for Cambridgeshire with Samuel Shepheard, but was defeated at Cambridge where he also stood. He was  Lord-Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire between 1729 and 1742 and became the chief Whig election manager in Cambridgeshire. His first reported speech, said to be ‘well worded’ and ‘studied’ was made on 27 February 1730 in the Dunkirk debate, when he was put up by Walpole to sidetrack an opposition motion. In 1731, he was one of the Members ordered by the House to draw up a bill for encouraging the sugar colonies, presumably because of his West Indian interests, and this was the basis of the 1733 Molasses Act. He spoke on the Address in 1732 and moved the address on the Princess Royal's marriage in 1733 with another ‘studied’ speech. At the 1734 British general election, he was returned unopposed. He moved the Address in 1740, and in 1741 warmly opposed the proposal that Walpole should leave the House while the motion for his dismissal was being debated. He was considered a ‘useful speaker for the Court’. After he was raised to the House of Lords he carried on managing the Cambridgeshire elections, and is said to have spent £100,000 out of his own pocket in supporting the government interest in the county and the Cambridge corporation. In May 1741 he was raised to the peerage as Lord Montfort, Baron of Horseheath, in the County of Cambridge.

 Cricket 
Montfort was active in cricket, both as a player (for London Cricket Club) and as a patron. In the 1743 season, he was the patron and captain of a London, Middlesex & Surrey XI for match against a Kent XI led by Lord John Sackville at Bromley Common on Thursday, 16 May. The stakes were £500 a side. Montfort's team scored 97 and Kent replied with 69. In their second innings, Montfort's team had reached 112–4 by eight o'clock when the patrons agreed to "leave off and play it out the next day". In fact, play did not restart on the Friday because Sackville conceded defeat. There are no other cricketing references to Montfort.

 Later life, death and legacy 
Through his mother Lord Montfort inherited the manor of Great Malvern in Malvern, Worcestershire, from his ancestor Sir Thomas Bromley and sold it, in about 1740, to Lord Foley. He spent extravagantly  on Horseheath. His gambling, in which he was supposed to be ‘the sharpest genius of his time’, also consumed vast sums of money. He was seriously short of funds by the end of 1754, and applied to Newcastle for some employment. When Newcastle was unable to provide anything it was said he was very reasonable but seemed dejected. On the following morning, 1 January 1755, he wrote his will, and asked his lawyer if it would hold good even if he shot himself. After being told that it would, he went into the next room and blew his brains out. He left debts of £30,000, with an estate out of repair and in a very ruinous condition. He was succeeded in the barony by his only son, Thomas. His daughter, Frances, married Charles Cadogan, 1st Earl Cadogan. 

 References 

William Shipley
William Shipley  (baptised: 2 June 1715 – 28 December 1803) was an English drawing master, social reformer and inventor who, in 1754, founded an arts society in London that became The Royal Society of Arts, or Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures & Commerce (RSA).

 Life 

 Early years, training and career 
Shipley was born in Maidstone, Kent, the son of Jonathan Shipley (d. 1749, originally of Walbrook, London) and Martha (née Davies), and baptised on 2 June 1715. He had a brother Jonathan Shipley, who became the Bishop of St Asaph, and whose son William Davies Shipley became Dean of St Asaph. William grew up in the City of London. His father died when he was just three years old, and William was sent to live with his maternal grandfather. At the age of 21, he inherited £500 and used that money to practice as a painter and drawing master in Northampton. At this point, he also joined the Northampton Philosophical Society, where he began his philanthropic life by raising funds to buy fuel for the poor.Around 1750, Shipley moved to London and set up a drawing-school near Fountain Court in The Strand (at the east corner of Beaufort Buildings), which was known first as "Shipley's Academy" and later as "Ackermann's Repository of Arts". The school proved highly successful, and among Shipley's pupils were Richard Cosway, Thomas Jones, William Pars, and Francis Wheatley. Although Shipley had many students who went on to become famous artists, he himself was not remembered for his artwork.

 The Society of Arts 
From Shipley's school, came the idea for a "Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce" He published his proposals for the society in 1753, which he hoped would make Great Britain a center for intellectual advancements in the areas of arts and sciences. The resulting organisation first met at Rawthmell's coffee house on the north side of Henrietta Street, in Covent Garden on 22 March 1754. Founding members included Viscount Folkestone, Lord Romney (1712–1794), Isaac Maddox, Stephen Hales, and Thomas Baker, the naturalist. A "plan" of Shipley's devising was published in 1755 in folio, where the aims of the society were stated, "to promote the arts, manufactures, and commerce of this kingdom by giving honorary or pecuniary rewards, as may be best adapted to the case, for the communication to the society, and through the society to the public, of all such useful inventions, discoveries, and improvements as tend to that purpose".Historian Pierre-Nicolas Chantreau (1741–1808) was said to marvel "that such an institution was founded, not by those who held reins of government, but by William Shipley, "cultivateur modeste" The society would award premiums for different discoveries and inventions: "There appeared in the daily and evening papers a notice announcing premiums or awards" They offered premiums for the discovery of cobalt and the raising and curing of madder, for example. These were not just frivolous concerns but matters of Britain's most important industry, namely, textiles. According to Colley, "Cobalt dyes a brilliant blue and the madder was the principal source of all red dies until the 19th century". Quite simply, the society wanted to enable Britain's most important industry, its textile manufacturers, to be able to dye their cloth at home rather than send it abroad."Colley goes on to say that the Society was also busy trying to solve the problem of finding enough native timber for the building of ships. This was a matter of Britain's national defence. Without timber, the Royal Navy could not build ships.The Society carried out this purpose by establishing prizes for the growing of trees, such as Oaks, chestnuts, Elms and Firs. They once offered a premium to anyone able to develop a scheme to transport breadfruit from the East to the West Indies. Shipley raised the money for the endeavour through subscriptions. He also encouraged people to make new and more accurate maps by awarding special prizes to encourage exploration. Shipley's contributions to both England's economy and England's security through the Society were substantial.

 The inventor, and later years 
Shipley was elected a "perpetual member" of the society in February 1755, and was presented with a gold medal by the society in 1758. But it is probable that he became less interested in the society as its sphere gradually became more technical and industrial; At any rate, he resigned his post as registrar in 1760. On 23 November 1767, William Shipley married Elizabeth Miller, and seems to have retired to Maidstone about 1768. The couple's first child was born in 1769 but died after two months. In 1771, The second child, Elizabeth was born. Shipley, under the auspices of Lord Romney, founded a local institution, "The Kentish Society for the Promotion of Useful Knowledge", along the lines of the Society of Arts. In 1783 the society was instrumental in improving the sanitation of Maidstone gaol, and so preventing the "gaol fever", which had ravaged the prison population of the country.Shipley was an inventor in his own right. He came up with ideas on how to provide inexpensive fuel for the poor, a floating light to save those lost in the sea (for which he received an award), a way to establish new species of fish in ponds around England, and perhaps strangest of all, a method of lining your shoes with tinfoil to keep them dry.Shipley died in Maidstone, aged 89, on 28 December 1803. A monument was erected to his memory in the north-west corner of churchyard of All Saints Church, Maidstone. Richard Cosway painted an oil portrait of Shipley, and there is also a portrait, drawn and engraved by William Hincks, in the National Portrait Gallery. There is a mezzotint by John Faber the Younger of a painting by Shipley of a man blowing a lighted torch.

 Legacy 
Shipley historical significance was summed up by David Allen in his biography: "Shipley's life included in its span the surge of English Commercial self-confidence which Defoe celebrated and which was to be feared by Napoleon, the spectacular first stage of the industrial Revolution from the flying shuttle to steam-powered cotton mills, the flowering of English genius in the arts from Hogarth to Turner, and the growth of English philanthropic endeavor from the first county hospitals to Hannah More's "Age if Benevolence." In the shaping of these momentous developments Shipley which was both distinctive and significant.Many credit Shipley with helping to establish the role of private organisations to serve the public; the Crown of England was so preoccupied with war and money dealings, it had little resources to further enhance culture at the time. "Merely by existing,the society challenged the way that the British state was organised. To begin with, by taking on certain tasks, they underlined just how much the state left undone.The William Shipley Group for RSA History is named after him.

 Students of Shipley's Art school 
William Hodges
Francis Wheatley
Richard Cosway
William Pars
Thomas Jones

 Fellows of RSA with Shipley 
Samuel Johnson
Benjamin Franklin
Jonas Hanway
William Hogarth
Thomas Hollis

 References 

Attribution This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: "Shipley, William (1714-1803)". Dictionary of National Biography. London: Smith, Elder & Co. 1885–1900.

 Further reading 
Allan, D G C (1979). William Shipley, founder of the Royal Society of Arts: a biography with documents. Scolar Press: London. ISBN 0-09-085700-3.

 External links 

The Royal Society of Arts
William Shipley Group for RSA History
Portrait of Shipley by William Hincks (National Portrait gallery)

Sir William Gage, 7th Baronet
Sir William Gage  (1695 – 23 April 1744) of Firle Place was a British landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1727 to 1744.  He was an early patron of cricket, in association with his friend Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond.

 Early life 
Gage was born in Firle, East Sussex, the third son of Sir John Gage, 4th Baronet, and his first wife Mary Stanley, daughter of Sir William Stanley, 1st Baronet, of Hooton, Cheshire. He succeeded his brother to the Baronetcy in October 1713.

 Parliamentary career 
The Gage family were Roman Catholic recusants but Sir William chose to conform to the established Church so that he could become an MP in 1722. His seat was the former constituency of Seaford and where he remained until his death in 1744.

 Cricket career 
Sir William was a keen cricketer and patron who led and backed teams. One of his teams has been credited with the earliest known innings victory. He was a close friend of Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond and it seems they had organised a number of cricket matches before 1725 when their involvement first becomes clear through a surviving letter that Gage wrote to Richmond in humorous terms about cricket:

My Lord Duke,
I received this moment your Grace's letter and am extremely happy your Grace intends us ye honour of making one a Tuesday, and will without fail bring a gentleman with me to play against you, One that has played very seldom for these several years.
I am in great affliction with being shamefully beaten Yesterday, the first match I played this year. However I will muster up all my courage against Tuesday's engagement. I will trouble your Grace with nothing more than that I wish you Success in everything except ye Cricket Match and that I am etc. etc.
W. Gage
Firle July ye 16th 1725

Sir William's name appears in connection with a number of matches over the next few years. A game against Edwin Stead's XI on 28 August 1729 is regarded as the earliest innings victory on record. A contemporary report states that Sussex "got (within three) in one hand, as the former did in two hands, so the Kentish men threw it up". Sir William was greatly assisted by the outstanding play of Thomas Waymark "who turned the scale of victory".In August 1733, Sir William's team challenged one backed by Frederick, Prince of Wales at Moulsey Hurst for "a wager of 100 guineas". Sir William was officially Lord Gage by then. The result of the match is unknown but it featured "11 of the best players in the county on each side". In September 1734, his Sussex team played a Kent team led by Lord John Philip Sackville in the earliest match recorded at Sevenoaks Vine. This was won by Kent. Apart from one minor fixture a few years later, that is the last record of Sir William in a cricketing context.

 Death and legacy 
Gage was unmarried and died without issue aged 49 on 23 April 1744. He was succeeded in the Baronetcy by his cousin Thomas Gage who, in 1754, was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Viscount Gage.Gage did much to develop Firle Place, including the external cladding of the building in the Georgian style, using Caen Stone.

 References 

 Bibliography 
John Marshall, The Duke who was Cricket, Muller, 1961
Timothy J McCann, Sussex Cricket in the Eighteenth Century, Sussex Record Society, 2004
H T Waghorn, The Dawn of Cricket, Electric Press, 1906

Lord John Sackville
Lord John Philip Sackville (22 June 1713 – 3 December 1765) was the second son of Lionel Sackville, 1st Duke of Dorset. He was a keen cricketer who was closely connected with the sport in Kent.
He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Tamworth from 1734 to 1747.

 Cricket career 
Sackville was first recorded as a cricketer in 1734 when he and his brother, Lord Middlesex, played for a Kent side against one from Sussex at Sevenoaks Vine. In August 1735, Sackville captained Kent to victory against Sir William Gage's Sussex side on the same ground. He became the main patron of the Kent team and captained the side in many matches until 1745, but he is not mentioned after that. In 1739, he played for London Cricket Club.In 1744 Sackville challenged an England side to play against his team. Kent won, in part thanks to Sackville himself taking a catch to dismiss Richard Newland. The catch was eulogised in Cricket, An Heroic Poem (1745) by James Love. The match details were recorded and preserved in what is now cricket's second oldest known scorecard.

 Family and personal life 
Sackville was a notorious rake in his youth. He was compelled to marry Lady Frances Leveson-Gower, daughter of John Leveson-Gower, 1st Earl Gower and sister of the Duchess of Bedford in 1744, after she gave birth to his child at Woburn. They eventually had two sons and one daughter. The couple's parents were furious, and the Prince of Wales compensated Sackville for any loss of income, making him a lord of his bedchamber in 1745, and thus securing him as a recruit to his party.Two of Sackville's children were:

John Frederick Sackville, 3rd Duke of Dorset (25 March 1745 – 19 July 1799).
Mary Sackville (b. 1 April 1746). Married Sackville Tufton, 8th Earl of Thanet in 1767.Sackville was also disappointed when Lord Wilmington the late Prime Minister (d. 1743) declined to leave him his Sussex estates, worth £3-£4,000 a year. It is not clear if Wilmington's decision was made because of Sackville's messy private life, or his political inconstancy. Commissioned a captain in the 37th Regiment of Foot in 1734, he became a captain and lieutenant-colonel in the 2nd Regiment of Foot Guards on 1 May 1740. He disgraced himself by deserting from the Guards when they were sent on foreign service in 1746, and was forced to leave the Army in September. Finally, he was committed to a private lunatic asylum circa 1746, then sent abroad to exile on a very small allowance in Lausanne where Lord Shelburne met him in 1760, and commented on his dirty condition but lucid conversation.According to his descendant Robert Sackville-West, 7th Baron Sackville in his book Inheritance he became insane later in life, dying in Geneva, Switzerland, aged 52. However, his brother lived long enough to allow John Philip's son to inherit his title and become the next Duke of Dorset.

 References 

 Bibliography 
F S Ashley-Cooper, At the Sign of the Wicket: Cricket 1742–1751, Cricket Magazine, 1900
G B Buckley, Fresh Light on 18th Century Cricket, Cotterell, 1935
Arthur Haygarth, Scores & Biographies, Volume 1 (1744–1826), Lillywhite, 1862
Timothy J McCann, Sussex Cricket in the Eighteenth Century, Sussex Record Society, 2004
H T Waghorn, Cricket Scores, Notes, etc. (1730–1773), Blackwood, 1899

 External links 
SACKVILLE, Lord John Philip (1713–65 Published in The History of Parliament: the House of Commons 1715–1754, ed. R. Sedgwick, 1970.

Catherine Douglas, Duchess of Queensberry
Catherine Hyde, afterwards Duchess of Queensberry (1701 – 17 June 1777), was an English socialite in London and a patron of the dramatist John Gay.

 Biography 
Catherine Hyde, often called "Kitty", was the second daughter of Henry Hyde, 4th Earl of Clarendon, and his wife, the former Jane Leveson-Gower. She served as a Lady of the Bedchamber at the court of Queen Anne.Catherine married Charles Douglas, 3rd Duke of Queensberry, on 10 March 1720. The couple had two sons and lived much of the time at Douglas House, Petersham, now part of London and at Queensberry House in Edinburgh.
The duchess was known for her physical beauty and fashion sense. She was a central figure in London high society and was known for her balls and masquerades.  According to the standards of her era, she was considered eccentric.  She never served meat at any of her suppers.  On at least one occasion, she ordered half of her guests to leave her party because she disliked their company.In 1728, she was banished from court by King George II for being too forward, after petitioning the king and queen on behalf of John Gay, whose satirical play Polly had been refused a licence. In response, she wrote, "The Duchess of Queensberry is surprised and well pleased that the King hath given her so agreeable a command as to stay from Court."In her later years, she attracted attention for dressing in the same fashion as in her youth, which was considered eccentric, refusing 'to cut and curl my hair like a sheep's head, or wear one of their trolloping sacks'. She was reportedly fond of wearing an apron, as shown in a portrait of her, painted by Charles Jervas in the 1720s. According to Oliver Goldsmith, Beau Nash, the master of ceremonies at Bath, once took the apron from her and threw it away, saying that only "Abigails" (maids) wore aprons. She was still reported to be wearing one when she met Horace Walpole in 1749.The duchess was a friend to many members of the English and Scottish literary community, including Gay, William Congreve, James Thompson, Alexander Pope, Matthew Prior, and William Whitehead. Allan Ramsay wrote a poem 
The duchess was a friend to many members of the English and Scottish literary community, including Gay, William Congreve, James Thompson, Alexander Pope, Matthew Prior, Allan Ramsay, and William Whitehead. Many of these literary friends placed references to her in their poems and other works, Ramsay writing a poem on the departure of Katherine, Duchess of Queensberry, from Scotland in 1734. Hyde was also said to have had influence over Prime Minister William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham.
In 1764, Julius Soubise, an Afro-Caribbean slave, was given to the Duchess by Royal Navy Captain Stair Douglas, a relative of hers, and she manumitted (freed) him. He was renamed after a French duke, Charles, Prince of Soubise, by the Duchess. She gave Soubise a privileged life, treating him as if he were her own son – apparently with her husband the Duke's blessing. Soubise became the riding and fencing master to the Duchess. He became a popular acquaintance among young noblemen and rose as a figure in upper-class social circles, becoming the member of many fashionable clubs such as the Thatched House Club.The personal favour and patronage of the Duchess allowed Soubise a lifestyle of socializing and fashion. He would sometimes style himself as "Prince Ana-Ana-maboe" or "The Black Prince", and claiming to be African royalty. It was rumoured that his relationship with the Duchess developed into a sexual one.William Austin's well-known satirical print, The Duchess of Queensbury and Soubise (published 1 May 1773) shows the pair engaged in a fencing match. Austin's engraving was based on illustrations of fencing compiled by the Angelo fencing dynasty, combined with accounts of Soubise from Henry Angelo's memoir. These accounts were satirized by Austin in a way which addresses Soubise and the duchess' uncustomary relationship, depicting Soubise as Mungo the servant. In the print, text shows Soubise saying, "Mungo here, Mungo dere, Mungo every where; Above and below. Hah! Vat your gracy tink of me now?,”  direct lines from the Mungo character. This work has reappeared historically under several titles, including  "The Eccentric Duchess of Queensbury fencing with her protégé the Creole Soubise (otherwise 'Mungo')” and "The Duchess of Queensberry playing at foils with her favorite Lap Dog Mungo after Expending near £10,000 to make him a—.”

 References 

 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: "Hyde, Catherine". Dictionary of National Biography. London: Smith, Elder & Co. 1885–1900.

Margaret Bentinck, Duchess of Portland
Margaret Cavendish Bentinck, Duchess of Portland (11 February 1715 – 17 July 1785) was a British aristocrat, styled Lady Margaret Harley before 1734, Duchess of Portland from 1734 to her husband's death in 1761, and Dowager Duchess of Portland from 1761 until her own death in 1785.
The duchess, an heiress on a huge scale, was the richest woman in Great Britain of her time and had the largest natural history collection in the country, complete with its own curator, the parson-naturalist John Lightfoot, and the Swedish botanist Daniel Solander. Her collection included costly art objects such as the Portland Vase. Her ambition for her collection was for it to contain and to describe every living species.
She was a member of the Bluestockings, a group of social intellectuals led by women and founded by her great friend Elizabeth Montagu.

 Early life 
She was the only surviving child of the 2nd Earl of Oxford and Mortimer, bibliophile, collector and patron of the arts, and the former Lady Henrietta Holles (1694–1755, the only child and heir of the 1st Duke of Newcastle and his wife, the former Lady Margaret Cavendish).Lady Margaret grew up at Wimpole Hall in Cambridgeshire, surrounded by books, paintings, sculpture and in the company of writers such as Alexander Pope, Jonathan Swift and Matthew Prior as well as aristocrats and politicians.  As a child, she collected pets and natural history objects (especially seashells) and was encouraged by her father and her paternal grandfather, the 1st Earl of Oxford and Mortimer, to do so.

 Marriage and issue 
At 19, on 11 July 1734, in Oxford Chapel, Marylebone, she married the 2nd Duke of Portland, her 'Sweet Will', and they later had six children (all born at Welbeck Abbey):

Lady Elizabeth Bentinck (Welbeck Abbey, 27 June 1735 – 25 December 1825, London), who married Thomas Thynne, 1st Marquess of Bath (1734–1796)
Lady Henrietta Bentinck (8 February 1737 – 4 June 1827), who married George Grey, 5th Earl of Stamford (1737–1819)
William Henry Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland (14 April 1738 – 30 October 1809).
Lady Margaret Bentinck (26 July 1739 – 28 April 1756)
Lady Frances Bentinck (9 April 1741 – March 1743)
Lord Edward Charles Cavendish-Bentinck (3 March 1744 – 8 October 1819), married Elizabeth Cumberland (d. 1837)
In 1738–1756 the scholar Elizabeth Elstob was their tutor.

 As a collector 
By the November following her marriage, her collecting had gathered pace, expanding to include the decorative and fine arts as well as natural history.  (She was already heiress to the Arundel collection.) Her home in Buckinghamshire, Bulstrode Hall, provided space to house the results, and her independent fortune meant that cost was no object (on her mother's death in 1755 she also inherited the estates of Welbeck in Nottinghamshire).  Bulstrode was known in court circles as "The Hive" for the intense work done there on the collections by the Duchess and her team of botanists, entomologists and ornithologists, headed by herself, Daniel Solander (1736–82, specialising in seashells and insects) and The Revd John Lightfoot (1735–88, her librarian and chaplain, and an expert botanist). Her collection was, unlike many similar contemporary ones, well-curated.
In 1766, the Genevan Romantic and philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau met Bentinck, admired her knowledge of botany, despite his opinion that women could not be scientific, and offered his services as her "herborist" (plant collector). She corresponded with Rousseau until she sent him a copy of Georg Rumpf's Herbarium amboinense, a botany of Amboyna in what is now Indonesia, as he felt this opposed his ideal of free nature.The Portland Museum at Bulstrode was open to visitors, along with its zoo, aviary and vast botanic garden.  Many came: scholars, philosophers, scientists and even royalty, and the collection became a cause célèbre.  Her fellow collector Horace Walpole commented on it:

Few men have rivalled Margaret Cavendish in the mania of collecting, and perhaps no woman.  In an age of great collectors she rivalled the greatest.
or, in the words of Mrs Delany (a botanical artist and longtime friend):

Surely an application to natural beauties must enlarge the mind? This house with all belonging to it is a noble school for contemplations!
Her collecting was also encouraged by her creative milieu: the Duchess and Mary Delany were both members of The Bluestockings, a group of aristocratic women seeking increased intellectual opportunities for members of their sex.
Her natural collection was the largest and most famous of its time, with few geographical bounds; it included objects from both Lapland and the South Seas (she patronised James Cook and bought shells from his second voyage through dealers).  She drew and recorded its specimens, sorting them innovatively in type species and displaying them alongside ancient remains such as the Portland Vase, which she bought from Sir William Hamilton.
Lightfoot later wrote in the introduction to the 1786 auction catalogue that it was her "intention to have had every unknown species in the three kingdoms of nature described and published to the world", but this was thwarted by Solander's death in 1783 and her own two years later.  On her death, with her children uninterested in the collection, her son's political career to finance and her creditors' demands to be paid, it was her will that it be sold. The collection was entirely dissolved at an auction of over 4,000 lots at her Whitehall residence from 24 April to 3 July 1786. Hundreds of people attended, although some fine and decorative arts were bought back by her family at the auction, including the Portland Vase and pieces from a silver-gilt dessert service the Duchess had designed herself, crawling with exquisitely modelled insects.  However, the vast majority went, including the whole natural history collection; Walpole records that only eight days included items other than "shells, ores, fossils, birds' eggs and natural history." Only fragments of the Portland Museum's building survive too, since Bulstrode was demolished in the 19th century.
The department of Manuscripts and Special Collections, The University of Nottingham holds some of the personal papers and correspondence of the Duchess of Portland (Pw E), as part of the Portland (Welbeck) Collection. The Harley Gallery's Treasury Museum shows changing displays of objects from the Portland Collection.

 Foundling Hospital 
The duchess was one of the twenty-one Signatories to the Ladies' Petition for the Establishment of the Foundling Hospital. These 'ladies of quality and distinction' supported Thomas Coram's campaign to create England's first Foundling Hospital; she signed his petition to King George II on 7 May 1735. Their recognition of the need for a home for orphans and abandoned children was crucial in encouraging male relatives to support Coram's project. As a result of their influence, he gained signatures from the nobility, professionals, gentlemen and the judiciary for two further petitions in 1737. A Royal Charter was granted in 1739 to which her husband, William Bentinck, was one of the first signatories. Her father, Edward Harley, signed Coram's gentlemen's petition on the same day.

 Legacy 
Margaret Street in central London is named after her.

 See also 
List of natural history dealers

 References 

 Bibliography 
R. G. W. Anderson (ed.), Enlightening the British: Knowledge, Discovery and the Museum in the Eighteenth Century, ISBN 0-7141-5010-X
Madeleine Pelling, 'Collecting the World: Female Friendship and Domestic Craft at Bulstrode Park' in Journal for Eighteenth-Century Studies, vol. 41, no. 1 (2018), pp. 101–20.
Madeleine Pelling, 'Selling the Duchess: Narratives of Celebrity in 'A Catalogue of the Portland Museum (1786)' in Early Modern Women, vol. 13 no. 2 (Spring, 2019), pp. 3–32, ISBN 978-0-86698-864-3
Rebecca Stott, Duchess of Curiosities, The Life of Margaret, Duchess of Portland (The Harley Gallery, Worksop, 2006).

Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond
Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond, 2nd Duke of Lennox, 2nd Duke of Aubigny,  (18 May 1701 – 8 August 1750) of Goodwood House near Chichester in Sussex, was a British nobleman and politician. He was the son of Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond, 1st Duke of Lennox, the youngest of the seven illegitimate sons of King Charles II. He was the most important of the early patrons of the game of cricket and did much to help its evolution from village cricket to first-class cricket.

 Early life 
Lennox was styled Earl of March from his birth in 1701 as heir to his father's dukedom. He also inherited his father's love of sports, particularly cricket. He had a serious accident at the age of 12 when he was thrown from a horse during a hunt, but he recovered and it did not deter him from horsemanship.March entered into an arranged marriage in December 1719 when he was still only 18 and his bride, Hon. Sarah Cadogan, was just 13, in order to use Sarah's large dowry to pay his considerable debts. Dowry and debt were due to a sum won by her father in play against his father. They were married at The Hague.In 1722, March became Member of Parliament for Chichester as first member with Sir Thomas Miller as his second. He gave up his seat after his father died in May 1723 and he succeeded to the title of 2nd Duke of Richmond. A feature of Richmond's career was the support he received from his wife, Sarah, her interest being evident in surviving letters. Their marriage was a great success, especially by Georgian standards.
Their grandson who became the 4th Duke is known to cricket history as Colonel the Hon. Charles Lennox, a noted amateur batsman of the late 18th century who was one of Thomas Lord's main guarantors when he established his new ground in Marylebone.

 Cricket career 

 The Duke of Richmond's XI 
The Duke has been described as early cricket's greatest patron. Although he had played cricket as a boy, his real involvement began after he succeeded to the dukedom. He captained his own team and his players included some of the earliest known professionals, such as his groom Thomas Waymark. Later, when he patronised Slindon Cricket Club, Richmond was associated with the Newland brothers. His earliest recorded match is the one against Sir William Gage's XI on 20 July 1725, which is mentioned in a surviving letter from Sir William to the DukeRecords have survived of four matches played by Richmond's team in the 1727 season. Two were against Gage's XI and two against an XI raised by the Surrey patron Alan Brodrick These last two games are highly significant because Richmond and Brodrick drew up Articles of Agreement beforehand to determine the rules that must apply in their contests. These were itemised in sixteen points. It is believed that this was the first time that rules (or some part of the rules as in this case) were formally agreed upon, although rules as such definitely existed. The first full codification of the Laws of Cricket was done in 1744. In early times, the rules would be agreed upon orally and were subject to local variations; this syndrome was also evident in football until the FA was founded, especially regarding the question of handling the ball. Essentially the articles of agreement focused on residential qualifications and ensuring that there was no dissent by any player other than the two captains.In 1728, Richmond's Sussex played twice against Edwin Stead's Kent and lost both matches, "(Kent's) men have been too expert for those of Sussex". In 1730, Richmond's team played two matches against Gage's XI and another match against a Surrey XI backed by a Mr Andrews of Sunbury. Richmond lost to Andrews. The second of his matches against Gage, due to be played at The Dripping Pan, near Lewes, was "put off on account of Waymark, the Duke's man, being ill".In 1731, Richmond was involved in one of the most controversial matches recorded in the early history of cricket. On 16 August, his Sussex team played a Middlesex XI backed by one Thomas Chambers at an unspecified venue in Chichester. Chambers' team won this match, which had a prize of 100 guineas, and a return was arranged to take place at Richmond Green on 23 August. The return match was played for 200 guineas and it is notable as the earliest match of which the team scores are known: Richmond's XI 79, Chambers' XI 119; Richmond's XI 72, Chambers' XI 23–5 (approx.). The game ended promptly at a pre-agreed time although Chambers' XI with "four or five more to have come in" and needing "about 8 to 10 notches" clearly had the upper hand. The result caused a fracas among the crowd at Richmond Green, who were incensed by the prompt finish because the Duke of Richmond had arrived late and delayed the start of the game. The riot resulted in some of the Sussex players "having the shirts torn off their backs" and it was said "a law suit would commence about the play" In a note about another match involving Chambers' XI in September, G. B. Buckley has recorded that Richmond may have conceded the result to Chambers, presumably to stop the threat of litigation.Richmond is not mentioned in cricket sources again for ten years. He may have stepped aside after the 1731 fracas but it is more likely that he terminated his Duke of Richmond's XI after he broke his leg in 1733 and could no longer play himself Instead, he channelled his enthusiasm for cricket through a team from the small village of Slindon, which bordered on his Goodwood estate.

 Slindon 
The rise to fame of Slindon Cricket Club was based on the play of Richard Newland and the patronage of Richmond. On Thursday, 9 July 1741, in a letter to her husband, the Duchess of Richmond mentions a conversation with John Newland regarding a Slindon v. East Dean match at Long Down, near Eartham, a week earlier. This is the earliest recorded mention of any of the Newland family Then, on 28 July, Richmond sent two letters to the Duke of Newcastle to tell him about a game that day which had resulted in a brawl with "hearty blows" and "broken heads". The game was at Portslade between Slindon, who won, and unnamed opponentsOn Monday 7 September 1741, Slindon played Surrey at Merrow Down, near Guildford. Richmond, in a letter to the Duke of Newcastle before the game, spoke of "poor little Slyndon against almost your whole county of Surrey". Next day he wrote again, saying that "wee (sic) have beat Surrey almost in one innings"The Duchess wrote to him on Wednesday 9 September and said she "wish'd..... that the Sussex mobb (sic) had thrash'd the Surrey mob". She had "a grudge to those fellows ever since they mob'd you" (apparently a reference to the Richmond Green fiasco in August 1731). She then said she wished the Duke "had won more of their moneys"
In 1744, Richmond created what is now the world's oldest known scorecard for the match between London and Slindon at the Artillery Ground on 2 June. Slindon won by 55 runs and the original scorecard is now among Richmond's papers in the possession of the West Sussex Records Office.In August 1745, Richmond backed a Sussex XI against Surrey in a match at Berry Hill, near Arundel. It appears that Surrey won the game in view of a comment made by Lord John Philip Sackville in a letter to Richmond dated Saturday 14 September: "I wish you had let Ridgeway play instead of your stopper behind it might have turned the match in our favour"

 Single wicket 
When single wicket became the dominant form of cricket in the late 1740s, Richmond entered a number of teams mostly centred on Stephen Dingate, who was in his employ at the time. For example, a number of matches were played by a "threes" team of Dingate, Joseph Rudd and Pye. Richmond often found himself opposed by his former groom Thomas Waymark, still an outstanding player but now resident in Berkshire.Richmond died on 8 August 1750. He had been arguably the greatest of the game's early patrons, particularly of the Slindon club and of Sussex cricket in general. His death was followed by a slump in the fortunes of Sussex cricket, which featured few matches of significance until the rise of Brighton Cricket Club in the 1790s.

 Career in the peerage 
Richmond held many titles, including the Order of the Garter (KG), Order of the Bath (KB), Privy Counsellor (PC) and Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS). In 1734 he succeeded to the title of Duke of Aubigny in France on the death of his grandmother Louise de Kérouaille, Duchess of Portsmouth.He served as Lord of the Bedchamber to King George II from 1727 and, in 1735, he was appointed Master of the Horse.

 Freemasonry 
He was admitted a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1724. He followed his father, the 1st Duke, into freemasonry and was a Grand Master of the Premier Grand Lodge of England in 1724, a few years after its formation in 1717. His father had been a Master Mason in Chichester in 1696–1697. As Duke of Aubigny, he also assisted in introducing Freemasonry into France. In 1734, he created a masonic lodge in the Chateau d'Aubigny near Metz in northeast France. One year later, with another past Grand Master, John Theophilus Desaguliers, he assisted in inaugurating a lodge in the hotel at Rue Bussy, in Paris. 

 Civic roles 
He was elected Mayor of Chichester for 1735–36.Richmond was one of the founding Governors of London's Foundling Hospital, which received its Royal Charter from George II in 1739. The Foundling Hospital was a charity dedicated to saving London's abandoned children. Both the Duke and the Duchess took great interest in the project. The Duke attended committee meetings and both took part in the baptism and naming of the first children accepted by the hospital in March 1741.

 Military career 
Richmond was a Lieutenant-General in the British Army and served under the notorious Duke of Cumberland in the Hanoverian campaign against the Jacobite rising of 1745.

 Smuggling 
The 1740s was a turbulent time for Sussex. There was a rise in smuggling gangs; of these probably, the most violent was the notorious Hawkhurst Gang.The gang were responsible for the brutal murder of a bootmaker and a customs official. Richmond decided to pursue those responsible with a vengeance. He began by petitioning the authorities so that a special assize could be held at Chichester. He did not trust the local Justices (in West Sussex), as they could not be relied on to convict smugglers. He, therefore, obtained authorisation for judges to be brought down from London. The judges (Sir Thomas Birch, Sir Michael Foster and Baron Clive) made their way under guard to Goodwood, where Richmond entertained them before the trial. His campaign against the gang may have been because it was feared that the smugglers were assisting the Jacobites by providing intelligence to the French.All the culprits involved in the murder of the two men were captured and convicted.The duke's love of cricket was probably only eclipsed by his enthusiasm for wiping out smuggling in Sussex. During Richmond's two-year campaign, against the illegal trade, thirty-five smugglers were executed and another ten died in gaol before they could be hanged. However, although his campaign managed to reduce the incidence of smuggling, it was reported by the writer Horace Walpole, in 1752 (after Richmond's death) that Sussex was "stiff" with smugglers.

 Marriage and issue 
Richmond married Lady Sarah Cadogan (1705–1751), daughter of William Cadogan, 1st Earl Cadogan, on 4 December 1719 at The Hague, Netherlands. They had twelve children:

Lady Georgiana Carolina Lennox (27 March 1723 – 24 July 1774), married Henry Fox, 1st Baron Holland, and had issue.
Lord Charles Lennox (3 September 1724 – 1724), Earl of March.
Lady Louisa Margaret Lennox (15 November 1725 – May 1728).
Lady Anne Lennox (27 May 1726 – 1727).
Lord Charles Lennox (9 September 1730 – November 1730), Earl of March.
Lady Emilia Mary Lennox (6 October 1731 – 27 March 1814), married first James FitzGerald, 1st Duke of Leinster, and had issue; and secondly William Ogilvie and had issue.
Charles Lennox, 3rd Duke of Richmond (22 February 1735 – 29 December 1806).
Lord George Lennox (29 November 1737 – 25 March 1805), General, father of Charles Lennox, 4th Duke of Richmond.
Lady Margaret Lennox (16 November 1739 – 10 January 1741).
Lady Louisa Augusta Lennox (24 November 1743 – 1821), married Thomas Connolly but had no issue.
Lady Sarah Lennox (14 February 1745 – August 1826), married first Sir Charles Bunbury, 6th Baronet, and had issue (although not by her husband, but by Lord William Gordon); and secondly George Napier by whom she had issue.
Lady Cecilia Lennox (28 February 1750 – 21 November 1769), unmarried.Richmond's interment was at Chichester Cathedral. His wife Sarah survived him by only one year.

 Arms 

 References 

 Bibliography 

 External links 
"Lennox, Charles, Duke of Richmond, Lennox, and Aubigny (LNS728C)". A Cambridge Alumni Database. University of Cambridge.
"Aristocrats". programmes. BBC. Based on a true story by Stella Tillyard, a chronicle of the turbulent lives of the Lennox sisters, daughters of the Duke of Richmond, in the eighteenth century.

John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich
John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, PC, FRS (13 November 1718 – 30 April 1792) was a British statesman who succeeded his grandfather Edward Montagu, 3rd Earl of Sandwich as the Earl of Sandwich in 1729, at the age of ten. He held various military and political offices, including Postmaster General, First Lord of the Admiralty, and Secretary of State for the Northern Department. He is also known for the claim that he was the inventor of the sandwich.

 Biography 

 Early years 
John Montagu was born in 1718, the son of Edward Montagu, Viscount Hinchingbrooke. His father died when John was four, leaving him as his heir. His mother soon remarried and he had little further contact with her. He succeeded his grandfather as Earl of Sandwich in 1729, at the age of ten. He was educated at Eton and at Trinity College, Cambridge, and spent some time travelling, initially going on the Grand Tour around Continental Europe before visiting the more unusual destinations of Greece, Turkey, and Egypt which were then part of the Ottoman Empire. This led him later to found a number of Orientalist societies.On his return to England in 1739, Montagu took his seat in the House of Lords as a follower of the Duke of Bedford, one of the wealthiest and most powerful politicians of the era. He became a Patriot Whig and one of the sharpest critics of the Walpole government, attacking the government's strategy in the War of the Austrian Succession. Like many Patriot Whigs, Lord Sandwich was opposed to Britain's support of Hanover and strongly opposed the deployment of British troops on the European Continent to protect it, instead arguing that Britain should make greater use of its naval power. He gained attention for his speeches in parliament. His oratory earned him a reputation for clearly setting out his argument even if he lacked natural eloquence.

 Political career 
In 1744, the Duke of Bedford was invited to join the government, now headed by Henry Pelham, taking the post of First Lord of the Admiralty. Sandwich joined him as one of the commissioners of the Admiralty, in effect serving as deputy under Bedford. The experienced Admiral Lord Anson also joined the Admiralty board and was an influential figure. Bedford spent much of his time at his country estate, and much of the day-to-day running of the Admiralty fell to Sandwich and Anson. Anson had control of the training and discipline of the navy, while Sandwich focused on the administration. Following a proposal by Admiral Edward Vernon, the concept of a Western Squadron was pioneered, which proved very successful. This marked a radical shift in British naval strategy, and led to British success at the Battles of Cape Finisterre.
The following year, Sandwich took a commission as a colonel in the British Army as part of the response to the Jacobite rising and the prospect of a French invasion. In order to boost the relatively small British army, a number of units were raised by prominent figures, and Sandwich served in the regiment formed by Bedford. While serving in The Midlands, he fell seriously ill with fever and nearly died. After his recovery, he returned to his duties at the admiralty. He remained an army officer for the rest of his life, remaining on the half-pay list and eventually rising to the rank of general, even though he took no further active part in the army.

 Congress of Breda 
In 1746 he was sent as a plenipotentiary to the Congress of Breda, and he continued to take part in the negotiations for peace until the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle was concluded in 1748. Sandwich was also made ambassador to the Dutch Republic during the talks. Using the resources of the British secret service, Sandwich was able to outmanoeuvre his French counterpart by intercepting the latter's secret correspondence. His service at Breda drew him to the attention of the influential Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle, who lobbied for him to be given high office when he returned home.
It is possible that during his time at Breda, he played a role in the 1747 Dutch Revolution which brought William IV, Prince of Orange wider powers, something supported by Britain as they hoped the Prince would improve the Dutch Republic's military performance in the ongoing war in the Low Countries. However, there is no firm evidence of this.

 First Lord of the Admiralty (first and second spells) 

In February 1748 he became First Lord of the Admiralty, retaining this post until June 1751. By 1751 Newcastle, who had previously admired Sandwich for his forthright and hardline views, had increasingly begun to distrust him and his relationship with The Duke of Bedford whom Newcastle regarded as a rival. Newcastle engineered the dismissal of both of them, by sacking Sandwich. Bedford resigned in protest, as Newcastle had calculated, allowing him to replace them with men he considered more loyal personally to him.

For the next few years Sandwich spent time at his country estate, largely avoiding politics, though he kept in close contact with both Bedford and Anson and Britain's participation in the Seven Years' War. Partly thanks to naval reforms pioneered by Anson and Sandwich, the Royal Navy enjoyed a series of successes and was able to blockade much of the French fleet in port.
In 1763 he returned to the Admiralty in the government of John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute, and encouraged a major rebuilding programme for the Royal Navy. Bute was a Tory who wished to bring the war to an end, which he did with the Treaty of Paris. It was during this time that Sandwich first met Martha Ray who became his long-standing mistress. He was soon dismissed from the office, but was offered the influential position of Ambassador to Madrid.

 Northern Secretary 
In August 1763 Sandwich became Secretary of State for the Northern Department, in the government of George Grenville who had replaced Bute. While filling this office he took a leading part in the successful prosecution of the radical MP John Wilkes for obscene libel. Although he had been allegedly associated with Wilkes in the notorious Hellfire Club (also known as the Monks of Medmenham), recent scholarship has suggested that the two had a more distant but cordial relationship than the friendship which was popularly portrayed at the time. John Gay's The Beggar's Opera was played in Covent Garden shortly thereafter, and the similarity of Sandwich's conduct to that of Jemmy Twitcher, betrayer of Macheath in that play, permanently attached to him that appellation. Wilkes was eventually expelled from the House of Commons.
He held the post of Northern Secretary until July 1765. His departure from the post coincided with the end of George Grenville's term as prime minister. He hoped to return to office swiftly, provided a united opposition could be formed.
Sandwich was postmaster general from 1768 to 1771 and briefly secretary of state again from December 1770 to January 1771.

 First Lord of the Admiralty (third spell) 

Sandwich served again as First Lord of the Admiralty in Lord North's administration from 1771 to 1782. He replaced the distinguished Admiral Sir Edward Hawke in the post. His appointment to the post followed the Falklands Crisis which had nearly seen Britain go to war with Spain over the Falkland Islands in the South Atlantic Ocean after the Capture of Port Egmont by Spanish forces. War had only been averted when Louis XVI of France refused to back the Spanish over the dispute. Both France and Spain resented what they considered British hegemony following the Seven Years' War, and desired to overturn the imbalance of power; war was widely expected to break out between the nations in the near future.
In 1774, only three years into his third term, Sandwich commissioned a series of ship models and a model of Chatham Dockyard as a gift to George III in an attempt to interest his king in naval matters. However, Sandwich's overall administration of the navy in the lead up to and during the American War of Independence was traditionally portrayed as being incompetent, with insufficient ships being ready for the outbreak of war with France in 1778. In 1775, Sandwich spoke vociferously in opposition to a plan for British America put forth by Benjamin Franklin and the Earl of Chatham. When Britain and France went to war, Sandwich advocated a strategy of concentrating the British fleet in European waters to deter invasion in opposition to his colleague, Lord Germain, who pushed for more ships to be sent to North America. The cabinet largely followed Sandwich's policy, retaining footholds on the American coast which could be used as naval bases, while retaining the bulk of the fleet at home. Sandwich's problems increased when Spain entered the war on France's side in 1779 giving the Bourbon fleets a numerical advantage over the Royal Navy.
Prior to 1778 Keppel failed to persuade Sandwich to ignore technical difficulties and "copper sheath only a few ships"; he was later possibly unfairly to make political capital out of this in The London Magazine, March 1781. He had remarked that coppering "gave additional strength to the navy" and he reproached Lord Sandwich with having "refused to sheath only a few ships with copper" at his request, when he had since ordered the whole navy to be sheathed. The lack of coppering the navy was one of the key reasons leading to Britain losing the Thirteen Colonies.In 1778 the new Navy Board Controller Charles Middleton, who had the major problem at the time with supplying over 100 ships for the American Revolutionary War (1775–1783), compounded that year by French opportunism in declaring war on Britain to support the American rebels, effectively turned what was a local civil war into a global conflict. Others followed: Spain in 1779 and the Netherlands in 1780. Middleton took the view that Britain was "outnumbered at every station", and the navy was required to "extricate us from present danger". He understood that coppering allowed the navy to stay at sea for much longer without the need for cleaning and repairs to the underwater hull, making it a very attractive, if expensive, proposition. On 21 January 1779 he wrote to the Admiralty, and petitioned King George directly. The King backed him for what was an expensive process for an untested technology, and in May 1779 he placed orders at the Portsmouth Docks for coppering a total 51 ships within a year.
During 1779 a combined Franco-Spanish fleet was able to sail into the English Channel to threaten the coast of Cornwall in the initial stage of a Franco-Spanish invasion of Britain. Sandwich was criticised for the failure of the smaller British Channel Fleet to prevent this, although the invasion never materialised.
After 1778, the primary objective in the war was maintaining control over the sugar-rich West Indian archipelago. The lucrative sugar trade in the Caribbean was reckoned at the time as being of more importance to British interests than the 13 colonies. The sugar trade was paying for the costs of the American Revolutionary War (1775–1783) and the Anglo-French War (1778–1783). The Royal Navy's newly coppered ships as yet untested were used successfully by Rodney in defeating the French at the Battle of the Saintes off Dominica in February 1782.By the time Sandwich's administration ended, he would take full credit for coppering the fleet as one of his great achievements when defending his record in office in January 1782.

 Personal life 
For several years Sandwich had as a mistress Fanny Murray, the subject of John Wilkes' An Essay on Woman (1763), but he eventually married Dorothy Fane, daughter of the 1st Viscount Fane, by whom he had a son, John, Viscount Hinchingbrooke (1743–1814), who later succeeded as 5th Earl. Sandwich's first personal tragedy was his wife's deteriorating health and eventual insanity. During his wife's decline, Sandwich started an affair with a singer named Martha Ray. During their relationship, Ray bore him at least five, and perhaps as many as nine, children, including Basil Montagu (1770–1851), writer, jurist and philanthropist. According to several sources, Sandwich was unable to provide adequately and permanently for his mistress and their children; she therefore encouraged the suit of then captain James Hackman (who in March 1779 exchanged the army for the clergy). In April 1779, Ray was killed by a shot to the head in the foyer of the Royal Opera House (Covent Garden) at the hands of Hackman, Rector of Wiveton.Sandwich never recovered from his grief. The events surrounding Ray's murder were depicted in the popular novel Love and Madness (1780) by Herbert Croft.

In a famous exchange with the actor Samuel Foote, Sandwich declared, "Foote, I have often wondered what catastrophe would bring you to your end; but I think, that you must either die of the pox, or the halter." "My lord", replied Foote instantaneously, "that will depend upon one of two contingencies; – whether I embrace your lordship's mistress, or your lordship's principles." This retort is often misattributed to John Wilkes.
Sandwich retired from public duty in 1782, and lived another ten years in retirement at what was then the family seat, Hinchingbrooke House, Huntingdonshire, dying on 30 April 1792. His title of Earl of Sandwich passed to his eldest son, John Montagu, 5th Earl of Sandwich, who was 48 years old at the time.Sandwich was buried in All Saints' Church in Barnwell, Northamptonshire, of which only the chancel survives, kept to preserve the Montagu tombs.

 Legacy 
Sandwich retired in 1782. Despite holding a number of important posts during his career, Sandwich's incompetence and corruption were legendary, inspiring the saying: "Seldom has any man held so many offices and accomplished so little."Some historians have suggested that Lord Sandwich was not perhaps as incompetent as suggested, but that previous historians have placed too much emphasis on sources from his political enemies.

 The sandwich 
The modern sandwich is named after Lord Sandwich, but the circumstances of its invention and original use are the subject of debate. A rumour in a contemporaneous travel book by Pierre-Jean Grosley, Tour to London, formed the popular myth that bread and meat sustained Lord Sandwich at the gambling table, but Sandwich had many bad habits, including the Hellfire Club, and any story may be a creation after the fact. Lord Sandwich was a very conversant gambler, the story goes, and he did not take the time to have a meal during his long hours playing at the card table. Consequently, he would ask his servants to bring him slices of meat between two slices of bread, a habit known among his gambling friends. Other people, according to this account, began to order "the same as Sandwich!", and thus the "sandwich" was born. The sober alternative to this account is provided by Sandwich's biographer N. A. M. Rodger, who suggests that Sandwich's commitments to the navy, to politics, and to the arts mean that the first sandwich was more likely to have been consumed at his work desk.

 Islands named after Sandwich by Capt. James Cook 
Lord Sandwich was a great supporter of Captain James Cook. As First Lord of the Admiralty, Sandwich approved Admiralty funds for the purchase and fit-out of the Resolution, Adventure and Discovery for Cook's second and third expeditions of exploration in the Pacific Ocean. He also arranged an audience with the King, which was an unusual privilege for a lower ranking officer. In honour of Sandwich, Cook named the Sandwich Islands (Hawaii) after him, as well as Montague Island off the south east coast of Australia, the South Sandwich Islands in the Southern Atlantic Ocean and Montague Island in the Gulf of Alaska. Hinchinbrook Island was named for the House owned by the Montagu family. Lord Sandwich donated the various items given him by Cook to Trinity College at the University of Cambridge. He also met the young Ra'iatean Omai, whom Cook had brought to Europe, and took him to his country estate for a week, presenting him with a suit of armour.

 Cricket 
Like his friends John Russell, 4th Duke of Bedford and George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax, Sandwich was keen on cricket. The earliest surviving record of his involvement in the sport comes from 1741 when, as the patron and captain of the Huntingdonshire county team, Sandwich and Halifax formed the Northamptonshire & Huntingdonshire team which twice defeated Bedfordshire, first at Woburn Park and then at Cow Meadow, Northampton.

 Music 
After his naval career, Sandwich turned his energy toward music. He became a great proponent of "ancient music" (defined by him as music more than two decades old). He was the patron of the Italian violinist Felice Giardini, and created a "Catch Club", where professional singers would sing "ancient" and modern catches, glees, and madrigals. He also put on performances of George Frideric Handel's oratorios, masques, and odes at his estate. Sandwich was instrumental in putting together the Concert of Ancient Music, the first public concert to showcase a canonic repertory of old works.

 Chronology 
1718: The 4th Earl of Sandwich is born on 13 November 1718
1729: Succeeds his grandfather, Edward Montague, 3rd Earl of Sandwich, in the earldom
1729: Educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge
1740/41 (old style/new style), 14 March: marries The Hon. Dorothy Fane at St James's, Westminster
1746: Sent as plenipotentiary to the congress at Breda, and continues to take part in the negotiations for peace until the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle is signed in 1748
1748–1751: First term as First Lord of the Admiralty
1749–1756: Bailiff of the Bedford Level Corporation
1763: Becomes one of the principal secretaries of state
1763: Second term as First Lord of the Admiralty
1768: Appointed Postmaster General
1770: Becomes Secretary of State
1771–1782: Third and last term as First Lord of the Admiralty (during this term: the American Revolutionary War, 1775–1783)
1779: His mistress Martha Ray, mother of five of his children, murdered by her admirer James Hackman in Covent Garden
1782: Retires in March
1792: Dies on 30 April

 In literature and popular media 
A plate of Sir Peter Lely's 1666 portrait of the 1st Earl appeared in Fisher's Drawing Room Scrap Book, 1837, together with a facsimile signature and a poetical illustration  The Earl of Sandwich. by Letitia Elizabeth Landon, which actually relates to the 4th Earl (the islands being so-called in his honour).Actor Bill Nighy was cast as Lord Sandwich in the TV series, Longitude in 2000.

 See also 
Secretary of State (England)
Secretary of State for the Northern Department
List of first lords of the Admiralty
Postmaster General of the United Kingdom

 References 

 Bibliography 
Baker-Smith, Veronica (2008). Royal Discord: The Family of George III. Athena Press. pp. 232 pages. ISBN 978-1847480675.
Black, Jeremy (2005) [1962]. The Continental Commitment: Britain, Hanover and Interventionism, 1714–1793. Routledge. pp. 292 pages.
Levy, Martin (January 2005). Love & Madness: The Murder of Martha Ray, Mistress of the Fourth Earl of Sandwich Paperback. Harper Perennial. pp. 240 pages. ISBN 0060559756.
Longmate, Norman (2001). Island Fortress: The Defence of Great Britain, 1603–1945. Pimlico.:  CS1 maint: location missing publisher (link)
Maun, Ian (2009). From Commons to Lord's, Volume One: 1700 to 1750. Roger Heavens. ISBN 978-1-900592-52-9.
Quanchi, Max (2005). Historical Dictionary of the Discovery and Exploration of the Pacific Islands. The Scarecrow Press. ISBN 0810853957.
Rodger, N. A. M (1994). The Insatiable Earl: A Life of John Montagu, Fourth Earl of Sandwich. London: Harper Collins. W. W. Norton & Co. pp. 425 pages. ISBN 0393035875.
Syrett, David (1998). The Royal Navy in European Waters During the American Revolutionary War. University of South Carolina.
Waghorn, H. T. (1899). Cricket Scores, Notes, etc. (1730–1773). Blackwood.
Whiteley, Peter (1996). Lord North: The Prime Minister Who Lost America. Hambledon Press.
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Sandwich, John Montagu, 4th Earl of". Encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 24 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press.
Rodger, N. A. M. "Montagu, John, fourth earl of Sandwich (1718–1792)". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (online ed.). Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/ref:odnb/19026. (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)
"Montagu, John, 4th Earl of Sandwich (MNTG735J)". A Cambridge Alumni Database. University of Cambridge.

 External links 
"Montague family history page". Archived from the original on 18 May 2000.
Guide to the papers of Lord Sandwich, 1718–1792 held and digitised by the National Library of Australia
Smithsonian Magazine article on the Earl's Love Triangle Archived 29 September 2012 at the Wayback Machine
The Lives & Times of the Hell-Fire Club

Gabrielle Creevy
Gabrielle Elizabeth Creevy (born 1996) is a Welsh actress. She is known for her role as Bethan Gwyndaf in the BBC series In My Skin (2018–2021). For her performance, she won a BAFTA Cymru.

 Early life and education 
Creevy is from Port Talbot and lived in a council flat as a child. Her mother is a local mobile hairdresser. Creevy took classes at the Mark Jermin Stage School. She went on to graduate with a Bachelor of Arts in Acting from the Arts Educational School (ArtsEd) in London.

 Career 
Creevy made her acting debut in three episodes of the S4C drama series Gwaith/Cartref in 2011. The next year, she appeared in an episode of the BBC medical drama Casualty. During her time at ArtsEd, Creevy appeared in the ITV comedy series The Stand Up Sketch Show.In 2018, Creevy filmed the pilot of In My Skin across five days for BBC Three. After it was commissioned into a full series, she was nominated for the BAFTA Cymru award for Actress in 2019. She subsequently won the award in 2019. Creevy was working in the coffee shop of a gym when she learned that she had been nominated, and had to return to her shift after finding out. She then starred in a production titled Lose Yourself at the Sherman Theatre in Cardiff. Creevy's performance was described as "excellent" by The Guardian, and Debbie Johnson of An Organised Mess wrote that Creevy was "a joy in using language and compelling monologues which not only stimulated the imagination through words, tone and pace but in creating the challenge to accepted behaviours". Later in 2019, Creevy starred in the Channel 5 drama series 15 Days as Katie, and featured in another episode of Casualty. In 2020, she appeared in an episode of the BBC detective series Father Brown, which she enjoyed since it was her first period role. She is also set to appear in the Netflix film Operation Mincemeat. She has also appeared in The Pact.In 2021, it was announced that Creevy had been cast in the Showtime series Three Women. In My Skin returned for a second series in November 2021, with Creevy reprising her role as Bethan Gwyndaf.

 Filmography 

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 
Gabrielle Creevy at IMDb

LeToya Luckett
LeToya Nicole Luckett (born March 11, 1981) is an American R&B singer and actress. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as a founding member of the R&B girl group Destiny's Child, one of the world's best-selling girl groups of all time. As a member of Destiny's Child, she achieved four US Top 10 hit singles, "No, No, No", "Bills, Bills, Bills", "Say My Name" and "Jumpin', Jumpin'", and won two Grammy Awards. In the 2000s, she began her solo career after leaving the group and signing a record deal with Capitol Records. Her solo debut album, LeToya (2006), debuted at number-one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, and was certified platinum by the RIAA, that same year.
The lead single, "Torn", reached the Top 40 in the U.S., and set records on BET's top ten countdown show 106 & Park. Luckett was awarded Top Songwriter at the 2006 ASCAP Rhythm and Soul Awards, and was nominated for Outstanding New Artist at the 2007 NAACP Image Awards. Luckett's second solo album, Lady Love (2009), debuted at number-one on the U.S. Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Luckett has since become an actress. She has starred in the feature films Killers (2010) and From the Rough (2011), and landed a leading role in the movie Preacher's Kid (2010). She also had a recurring role in the OWN series Greenleaf, and appeared on the second season of the HBO TV series Treme, and on the third season of the VH1 TV series Single Ladies.
Luckett returned to music in 2017, releasing her third studio album, Back 2 Life (2017), which marked her first independent release. The album was preceded by two singles: "Back 2 Life" and "Used To". Luckett has sold over 25 million records with Destiny's Child on the group's first two albums and singles.

 Early life and music career 

 Early life and career 
Luckett was born on March 11, 1981, in Houston, Texas to Pamela and Darrell Luckett. She is the older of two children, with a younger brother named Gavin. She grew up singing in her local Brentwood Baptist Church. She also took vocal lessons to become an opera singer. Her father, who was also a singer, was very proud of his daughter's vocal talents and tried to get her in the music business. Luckett was given the chance to sing her first solo at the age of five. "The lady just gave me the mic one Sunday and I sang," she recalled. Shortly thereafter, she joined the children's choir and began performing in plays at her elementary school. One day, she walked to her desk in class to find a girl sitting there. Luckett asked her teacher to remove the girl, Beyoncé Knowles, from her assigned seat. They later became friends and Luckett was invited to join Beyoncé's singing group Girl's Tyme, which later became Destiny's Child.

 1993–2000: Destiny's Child and departure 

In 1993, Luckett joined Beyoncé Knowles, LaTavia Roberson, and Kelly Rowland to complete the Houston-based R&B group, Destiny's Child. The roles of the group consisted with Knowles as lead vocalist, Rowland as second-lead vocalist alongside Roberson and Luckett as background vocalists with Roberson as alto (and spokesperson) adding the low notes and Luckett as the soprano adding the high notes to the group's harmony, with occasional leads too. After being signed and later dropped by Elektra Records in 1995, the group began working with D'wayne Wiggins and eventually signed with Columbia Records in 1997, but not before signing with group manager Mathew Knowles, Beyoncé's father. According to the E! Television Special, Boulevard of Broken Dreams, Mathew forced the girls to sign management agreements with him before they could sign with the label. Luckett's mother requested the contracts be reviewed by an attorney, but Mathew denied this request. However, Luckett eventually signed with him and joined the group. After graduating from the Houston club scene, the group opened for established acts such as Dru Hill, SWV, and Immature, was included on the Men in Black movie soundtrack, and released their 1998 self-titled debut album Destiny's Child. The album spawned two singles: the platinum "No, No, No Part II" (featuring Wyclef Jean) and "With Me". Subsequently, the group made it on the soundtrack album of the romantic drama Why Do Fools Fall in Love with the song "Get on the Bus" (featuring Timbaland), and later toured as an opening act on TLC's "Fanmail Tour".
In 1999, the group released their second album, The Writing's on the Wall. The album became one of the biggest selling albums released by a female group, and was certified eight times platinum in the USA. As opposed to the first album, Luckett had more contribution to the second album in terms of co-writing. The album spawned four hit singles: "Bills, Bills, Bills", "Bug a Boo", "Say My Name", and "Jumpin' Jumpin'". The two singles "Bills, Bills, Bills" and "Say My Name" were also nominated for Grammy awards, which "Say My Name" won in two different categories. The album had also been released in a "Houston Special Edition" which included a bonus track, where Luckett sung lead along with the other members, titled "Can't Help Myself".
In late 1999, in the midst of the group's success and rise, Luckett and Roberson asserted that they wanted their own manager because of the increasing lack of communication with manager Mathew Knowles. The pair said they never wanted to fire Knowles, but wanted to secure outside management to represent them. Soon after, Luckett and Roberson found themselves ostracized by the Knowles family and the group's management. When the music video for "Say My Name" debuted in February 2000, they were replaced by two new members, Michelle Williams and Farrah Franklin. Luckett and Roberson filed a lawsuit against Mathew, Beyoncé, and Kelly, charging them with breach of partnership and fiduciary duties, and sought unspecified damages. Luckett and Roberson withdrew the case against Beyoncé and Kelly, but continued to sue Mathew. The case was eventually settled, with Luckett and Roberson receiving royalties for their contributions as founding members of the group. Shortly following the release of Destiny's Child's Survivor, Luckett and Roberson filed another lawsuit against the group in March 2002. They claimed that the album's lead single, "Survivor", violated their previous settlement due to its lyrics. The case was again settled out of court.

 2001–2008: Solo debut, LeToya 
After several months of media speculation, it was announced via the MTV News website that Luckett and Roberson had created a new group called Anjel. After several auditions, Naty Quinones and Tiffany Beaudoin were selected as members. The group recorded a 22-song demo in Atlanta, Georgia, with the help of R&B group Jagged Edge. The group also appeared in Jagged Edge's video for "Where the Party At (Remix)". However, the production company (581 Entertainment) which handled the group collapsed and all the members of Anjel went on to pursue solo projects. The recorded tracks were later leaked onto the Internet.
After the Anjel project fell through, Luckett joined with Noontime, an Atlanta-based management/production company. Along with Noontime, she recorded a five-song demo and eventually signed with Capitol Records in 2003. Soon after, she began working on her debut solo album. The first promotional song, "You Got What I Need", was released in 2004, followed next year by "All Eyes on Me". She was featured on "My Promise" with her label mate Houston on his debut album It's Already Written, "What Love Can Do" on the Coach Carter soundtrack, and on "This Is My Life" with former boyfriend and rapper Slim Thug on his album Already Platinum. LeToya's self-titled debut album was released in July 2006 and debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts. LeToya was certified gold after one month and by December 2006, the album had been certified platinum. Luckett and Beyoncé Knowles are the only members of Destiny's Child to have an album debut at number one on the Billboard 200 and achieve platinum status in the U.S.The album is a hip-hop inspired R&B production. Producers included Jermaine Dupri, Scott Storch, Teddy Bishop, B. Cox, and musical guests Slim Thug, Mike Jones, Paul Wall, and Bun B. "All Eyes on Me" was originally chosen as Luckett's debut single, but  "Torn" was ultimately selected instead. The ballad (produced by Teddy Bishop) was released in March 2006 and became an R&B hit. The song climbed the Billboard charts, peaking at number two on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.

Although Torn was still receiving airplay, her second single, "She Don't" was released to radio, and the video premiered on BET's Access Granted in July 2006, featuring Slim Thug. The single received moderate success, reaching number 17 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop chart. In November 2006, "Obvious" was selected as the third single. According to Billboard, the song had a 94% chance of becoming a hit, but due to the merger of Capitol Records and Virgin Records, all promotional money was frozen, therefore the single was never officially released. Luckett was also named "One of the Best New Artists of 2006" by AOL Music, number two on Rap-Up magazines' "Top 5 Breakthrough Artists of 2006," and received multiple nominations from the NAACP, the Soul Train Music Awards, and the Teen Choice Awards. BET promoted Luckett on 106 & Park, The Center, The Black Carpet, and with a three-part reality series special called The H-Town Chick which aired from May to July 2006. The series chronicled Luckett's experiences during her summer promotional tour and insight about her life since Destiny's Child. BET also hosted a contest that gave fans the opportunity to decide the final outcome of the "Torn" video. Cingular hosted a lip-sync contest that awarded those who best performed "Torn" in an online submitted video. In addition to a nationwide radio tour, club performances, a brief European and Asian appearances, Luckett participated in the 2006 "Pantene Total You" Tour, the "Cingular Live in Concert" series, and was invited by Mary J. Blige to join her summer tour, The Breakthrough Experience Tour, as her opening act.In July 2006, while opening for a Mary J. Blige concert, Luckett announced that her upcoming album was going to be named Lady Love, she then introduced and performed two new songs "Lady Love" and "Don't Let Me Get Away". On December 10, 2007, a buzz track, Swagger, that features rappers such as Slim Thug, Killa Kyleon and Bun B leaked onto the Internet. In 2008, Luckett was featured on Webbie's single "I Miss You" which was a moderate success.

 2009–2013: Lady Love 

Luckett's second solo studio album was released on August 25, 2009. Production for Lady Love originally began in 2007, with a release scheduled several times in 2008. This was postponed due to lack of funding related to the Capitol Records and Virgin Records merger that had earlier affected the release of her third single "Obvious". In early 2009, the release date for Lady Love was announced to be May 19, 2009, then pushed to June 16, and finally set to August 25, 2009. Amidst much anticipation for the album release, Luckett released a five-track sampler on May 19, 2009. The sampler features first single "Not Anymore" and 1 minute 30-second snippets of "Regret", "She Ain't Got...", "Lady Love" and "Matter". The album was released to CD and music download on August 25, 2009, in the US and worldwide a day earlier. An explicit version of the album (bearing a Parental Advisory label) was also made available. To celebrate the album's release, LeToya hosted an album-release party at Cain in New York City on August 27, 2009.
"Not Anymore", the lead single, was produced by Bei Maejor and co-produced and written by Ne-Yo. Released in February 2009, it became the most added song at urban radio, debuting at number ninety-eight on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart before peaking at number eighteen and just missing the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, peaking at number 107. A music video for the single was shot on February 13, 2009. Directed by Bryan Barber, the music video is set in the 1960s and is split into three sections/time periods – 1961, 1964 and 1968. The sets, costumes and props change accordingly in each section to show the trends, fashions and styles of those particular years.The video was released on March 10, 2009, and peaked at number three on the 106 & Park video countdown.
"She Ain't Got..." the album's second single, was produced by Cory Bold and written by LeToya, Andre Merritt, Chris Brown and Bold. Chosen by fans, it became the first LeToya single to carry a Parental Advisory label, though a "clean" version was also released. It became the most added song on rhythmic radio, peaking at number thirty-nine on the Billboard Rhythmic Top 40 chart, while peaking at number seventy-five on the Billboard Pop 100 Airplay chart and number twenty on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play. However, the single was most successful in Japan where it peaked at number forty-nine on the Japan Hot 100. A music video, directed by Bryan Barber, was shot on June 3, 2009 and premiered on Yahoo Music on June 30, 2009, featuring guest star Major League Baseball players Orlando Hudson and Matt Kemp of the Los Angeles Dodgers, as well as Baseball Hall of Fame member Dave Winfield.
"Regret", featuring rapper Ludacris, was produced by Tank and Jerry "Texx" Franklin and written by Tank, LeToya, Franklin, K. Stephens, J. Valentine, R. Newt and C. Bridges. Released as the third single – based only on downloads and airplay – "Regret" peaked at number eight on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and debuted at number one-hundred on the Billboard Hot 100, making it LeToya's first single since her debut; "Torn", to enter the US Hot 100, peaking at number seventy-eight. It also peaked at number forty-two on the Billboard Radio Songs chart and was listed at number six on AOL Music's "Top R&B Songs of 2009" list. The music video for "Regret" was premiered on BET's 106 & Park on November 11, 2009, before later being ranked at number twenty-three on their BET: Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009 countdown.
"Good To Me", produced by Tank and Jerry "Texx" Franklin and written by Tank, Franklin, K. Stephens, R. Newt and J. Valentine, was released as the album's fourth and final single on February 1,  2010. Though the song failed to chart, a music video directed by makeup artist AJ Crimson and co-starring model-actor Keston Karter was released on February 11, 2010.

 2014–present: Back 2 Life and upcoming fourth studio album 

In January 2014, Luckett announced the title of her third studio album Until Then on The Wendy Williams Show, with a planned 2016 release.On February 11, 2014, she released the promotional single "Don't Make Me Wait". A remix featuring rapper T.I. was released on March 10, 2015. On January 5, 2015, Luckett released a track "I'm Ready" on her YouTube channel. On January 16, 2015, Luckett, inspired to end illegal gun violence in America, released "Together" in partnership with the Caliber Foundation.On December 7, 2016, she released the single "Back 2 Life", with an accompanying music video released on January 10, 2017. On April 10, 2017, Luckett posted on her Twitter page that her third studio album would be released on May 12, 2017, with the album title changing from Until Then to Back 2 Life.
On April 17, 2017, "Used To", a second single from the album, was released.

 Acting career 
Luckett's first role on television was on the WB show Smart Guy in 1998 with Destiny's Child. She also had an appearance in the 1999 movie Beverly Hood. She has been a student at Tasha Smith's acting workshop. Since 2008, Luckett has been acting in plays, television and movies. She was cast in JD Lawrence's stage play Rumors, as the character Michelle, and hit the road from January 31, 2008, to March 2, 2008. Luckett was also the star of the movie Preacher's Kid, released in January 2010.Luckett appeared in the movie Killers, released on June 4, 2010, along with Ashton Kutcher, Katherine Heigl, Tom Selleck and Usher. She then finished shooting the 2011 movie From the Rough, alongside Taraji P. Henson and Tom Felton. For the second season, Luckett was cast in the HBO drama series Treme. In 2013, Luckett landed a recurring role on the VH1 television series Single Ladies. In  2016, she was cast in the second season of Rosewood. In 2017, Luckett began playing a recurring role on the OWN TV series Greenleaf.

 Webisodes 
LeToya has had two web series of herself on YouTube. In 2006, she did H-Town Chick; and in 2012, she did Life, Love & Music.

 2006: H-Town Chick 
A three-episode series on YouTube featuring the singer explaining her role in Destiny's Child and discussing her first self-titled album LeToya.

 2012: Life, Love and Music 
A six-episode series on YouTube giving an inside look at the singer's life and the recording process of her third album.

 Personal life 

 Relationships 
In 2015, Luckett and motivational speaker Rob Hill Sr. reportedly got engaged, after a year of dating, and secretly wed in January 2016. It was later alleged by TMZ that the pair had called it quits, after only two months of marriage. In August 2017, LeToya announced her engagement to entrepreneur Tommicus Walker. They were married in a lavish ceremony at Villa Antonia in Austin, Texas on December 10, 2017. In June 2018, the couple announced that they were expecting their first child together. In  October 2018, Luckett revealed on her Instagram that the two were expecting a baby girl. Their daughter was born on January 4, 2019. In March 2020, the couple announced they were expecting a baby boy, their second child together. They welcomed their son on September 14, 2020. On January 11, 2021, the couple announced their divorce. Luckett confirmed that she and Walker were no longer married in July 2021.

 Endorsements 
In 2010, Luckett became the new face of Luster's Hair Care replacing Karyn White. She appeared on the product line's boxes, billboards and commercials.

 Lady Elle Boutique 
In 2003, Luckett became the owner of Lady Elle Boutique, an upscale women's boutique. She originally opened this clothing boutique in the Uptown Park shopping center in her hometown of Houston, Texas as Lady L Boutique but later renamed it to Lady Elle Boutique. In 2008, the singer opened the store's second location in The Galleria in Houston.

 Philanthropy 
After the release of her first solo album, Luckett became involved in philanthropic activity. She has participated in various events like the "Women in Entertainment Empowerment Summit". She was also part of the national tour of the "Hip-Hop Summit Action Network 'Get Your Money Right' a Financial Empowerment Summit."She visits schools to motivate and encourage children to study and to further their education after graduation. She also speaks on the subject of violence and domestic abuse.

 Discography 

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 References 

 External links 

Official website
LeToya Luckett at AllMusic
LeToya Luckett discography at Discogs
LeToya Luckett at IMDb

Dane County, Wisconsin
Dane County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 561,504, making it the second-most populous county in Wisconsin after Milwaukee. The county seat is Madison, which is also the state capital.
Dane County is the central county of the Madison, Wisconsin, Metropolitan Statistical Area, as well as the Madison-Janesville-Beloit Combined Statistical Area.

 History 
Dane County was formed in 1836 as a territorial county and organized in 1839. It was named after Nathan Dane, a Massachusetts delegate to the Congress of the Confederation who helped carve Wisconsin out of the Northwest Territory.  Dane County was settled in the 1840s by settlers from New England.

 Geography 
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of 1,238 square miles (3,210 km2), of which 1,197 square miles (3,100 km2) is land and 41 square miles (110 km2) (3.3%) is water.

 Major highways 

 Railroads 
Freight

Canadian Pacific
Wisconsin and Southern Railroad

 Buses 
Public Transit

Madison Metro
Monona ExpressIntercity

Van Galder/Coach USA
Wisconsin Coach Lines/Coach USA
Greyhound Lines
Flixbus
Badger Bus
Jefferson Lines
Lamers Connect
MegabusList of intercity bus stops in Wisconsin

 Airports 
Commercial

Dane County Regional Airport (MSN)General Aviation

Blackhawk Airfield (87Y)
Middleton Municipal Airport (C29)
Verona Airport (W19)
Waunakee Airport (6P3)

 Adjacent counties 
Columbia County (north)
Dodge County (northeast)
Green County (south)
Iowa County (west)
Jefferson County (east)
Rock County (southeast)
Sauk County (northwest)

 Demographics 
In 2017, there were 5,891 births, giving a general fertility rate of 51.7 births per 1000 women aged 15–44, the eighth lowest rate out of all 72 Wisconsin counties. Of these, 73 of the births occurred at home, the fifth highest number of home births for Wisconsin counties. 428 of the births were to mothers who held doctorate or professional degrees, more than any other Wisconsin county. These accounted for 7.3% of total births for the county, a higher percent than any other Wisconsin county and more than Ozaukee County which had 5.8% of births to mothers who held doctorate or professional degrees and ranked second.

 2020 census 
As of the census of 2020, the population was 561,504. The population density was 469.3 inhabitants per square mile (181.2/km2). There were 248,795 housing units at an average density of 207.9 units per square mile (80.3 units/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 77.6% White, 6.4% Asian, 5.4% Black or African American, 0.4% Native American, 3.2% from other races, and 6.9% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 7.5% Hispanic or Latino of any race.

 2010 census 
At the 2010 census there were 488,073 people, 203,750 households, and 116,752 families living in the county. The population density was 394 people per square mile (152 people/km2). There were 216,022 housing units at an average density of 174 units per square mile (67 units/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 84.7% White, 5.2% Black or African American, 0.4% Native American, 4.7% Asian, 0.003% Pacific Islander, 2.5% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. 5.9% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 203,750 households 27.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.7% were non-families. 30.5% of households were one person and 7.7% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.95.
The age distribution was 21.7% under the age of 18, 12.8% from 18 to 24, 29.5% from 25 to 44, 25.7% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% 65 or older. The median age was 34.4 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.00 males.

 2000 census 
At the 2000 census there were 426,526 people, 173,484 households, and 100,794 families living in the county. The population density was 355 people per square mile (137 people/km2). There were 180,398 housing units at an average density of 150 units per square mile (58 units/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 88.96% White, 4.00% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 3.45% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.43% from other races, and 1.79% from two or more races. 3.37% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 34.4% were of German, 11.5% Norwegian, 8.9% Irish and 6.0% English ancestry.
Of the 173,484 households 29.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.10% were married couples living together, 7.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 41.90% were non-families. 29.40% of households were one person and 7.00% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.97.
The age distribution was 22.60% under the age of 18, 14.30% from 18 to 24, 32.50% from 25 to 44, 21.30% from 45 to 64, and 9.30% 65 or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.00 males.

 Religion 
In 2010, the largest religious groups in Dane County by number of adherents were Catholic at 106,036 adherents, ELCA Lutheran at 48,620 adherents, United Methodist at 9,753 adherents, non-denominational Christian at 7,448 adherents, Evangelical Free at 6,075 adherents, United Church of Christ at 5,035 adherents, Wisconsin Synod Lutheran at 4,214 adherents, Missouri Synod Lutheran at 3,921 adherents, American Baptist at 3,755 adherents, and PC-USA Presbyterian at 3,664 adherents.

 Government 
Dane County is governed by a county executive and a county board of supervisors. The county executive is elected in a countywide vote. The county executive is Joe Parisi. The board of supervisors consists of 37 members, each elected from single member districts. As the policy-making body of the county government, the board of supervisors enacts county ordinances, levies taxes, and appropriates money for services.

 Politics 
Like most other counties anchored by an urban population center and a large public university, Dane County is solidly Democratic, with a long history in the progressive movement. It has backed the Democratic presidential nominee in every election since 1932 with the exception of the two nationwide landslide victories of Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1952 and 1956, and even then, Eisenhower's margin of victory was under 3% both times. Since then, Republicans have only crossed the 35% mark six times. Only the predominantly Native American county of Menominee is more reliably Democratic.
At state level, the county is no less Democratic. The last Republicans the county supported at state level were Governor Tommy Thompson and Treasurer Jack Voight in 1994. The last Republican Senator to carry the county was Alexander Wiley in 1956 by less than one percent, 10 years earlier the county was the only one in the state to not vote for notorious Senator Joseph McCarthy. In the three-party era of 1930s-1940s, the county backed Progressive Party candidates, such as the La Follette brothers, Orland Steen Loomis and Herman Ekern.Dane County is one of the only counties in the United States to have elected a member of the Green Party (Leland Pan) into county-level office.

 County executives 
George Reinke, 1973-1981
Jonathan B. Barry, 1981-1988
Richard J. Phelps, 1988-1997
Kathleen Falk, 1997-2011
Joe Parisi, 2011–present

 Recreation 

 County parks 

 Communities 

 Cities 
Cities are incorporated, generally have a mayor (or a administrator/manager), an elected council, and generally provide more services than smaller administrative divisions.

 Villages 
Villages are incorporated, are governed by a Village President and Board of Trustees, and provide residential services.

 Towns 
Towns may have the same name as a city or village associated with it, but it is a separate municipality. Towns are not incorporated, are governed by a town board, and only provide limited services to residents.

 Unincorporated communities 
Unincorporated communities are smaller communities that are governed by the town they are located in and often exist as nomenclature in vital records.

 Neighborhoods 
Neighborhoods exist mostly for nomenclature purposes; some may have administrative associations with powers that are defined in the property deed covenants of the neighborhood. This is a partial list that primarily consists of former unincorporated communities that are now within the boundaries of an incorporated city or village.

 Native American community 
Ho-Chunk Indian Reservation

 Education 
School districts (all K-12) include:

 See also 
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dane County, Wisconsin

 References 

 Further reading 
Biographical Review of Dane County, Wisconsin. Chicago: Biographical Review Publishing Company, 1893.
Cassidy, Frederic G. Dane County Place-Names. 2nd ed. Madison: University of Wisconsin Press, 2009.
Durrie, Daniel S. A History of Madison, the Capital of Wisconsin; Including the Four Lake Country. Madison: Atwood & Culver, 1874.
History of Dane County, Wisconsin. Chicago: Western Historical Company, 1880.
History of Dane County, Biographical and Genealogical. Madison: Western Historical Association, 1906.
Madison, Dane County and Surrounding Towns. Madison: W. J. Park, 1877.
Ruff, Allen and Tracy Will. Forward!: A History of Dane, the Capital County. Cambridge, Wis: Woodhenge Press, 2000.

 External links 
Official Dane County government website
Dane County map from the Wisconsin Department of Transportation

Unit of time
A unit of time is any particular time interval, used as a standard way of measuring or expressing duration. The base unit of time in the International System of Units (SI), and by extension most of the Western world, is the second, defined as about 9 billion oscillations of the caesium atom. The exact modern SI definition is "[The second] is defined by taking the fixed numerical value of the cesium frequency, ΔνCs, the unperturbed ground-state hyperfine transition frequency of the cesium 133 atom, to be 9 192 631 770 when expressed in the unit Hz, which is equal to s−1."Historically, many units of time were defined by the movements of astronomical objects.

Sun-based: the year was the time for the Earth to revolve around the Sun. Historical year-based units include the Olympiad (four years), the lustrum (five years), the indiction (15 years), the decade, the century, and the millennium.
Moon-based: the month was based on the Moon's orbital period around the Earth.
Earth-based: the time it took for the Earth to rotate on its own axis, as observed on a sundial. Units originally derived from this base include the week (seven days), and the fortnight (14 days). Subdivisions of the day include the hour (1/24 of a day), which was further subdivided into minutes and finally seconds. The second became the international standard unit (SI units) for science.
Celestial sphere-based: as in sidereal time, where the apparent movement of the stars and constellations across the sky is used to calculate the length of a year.These units do not have a consistent relationship with each other and require intercalation. For example, the year cannot be divided into twelve 28-day months since 12 times 28 is 336, well short of 365. The lunar month (as defined by the moon's rotation) is not 28 days but 28.3 days. The year, defined in the Gregorian calendar as 365.2425 days has to be adjusted with leap days and leap seconds. Consequently, these units are now all defined for scientific purposes as multiples of seconds.
Units of time based on orders of magnitude of the second include the nanosecond and the millisecond.

 Historical 

The natural units for timekeeping used by most historical societies are the day, the solar year and the lunation. Such calendars include the Sumerian, Egyptian, Chinese, Babylonian, ancient Athenian, Buddhist, Hindu, Islamic, Icelandic, Mayan, and French Republican calendars.
The modern calendar has its origins in the Roman calendar, which evolved into the Julian calendar, and then the Gregorian.

 Scientific 
The Jiffy is the amount of time light takes to travel one fermi (about the size of a nucleon) in a vacuum.
The Planck time is the time light takes to travel one Planck length.
The TU (for time unit) is a unit of time defined as 1024 µs for use in engineering.
The Svedberg is a time unit used for sedimentation rates (usually of proteins). It is defined as 10−13 seconds (100 fs).
The galactic year, based on the rotation of the galaxy and usually measured in million years.
The geological time scale relates stratigraphy to time. The deep time of Earth's past is divided into units according to events that took place in each period. For example, the boundary between the Cretaceous period and the Paleogene period is defined by the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. The largest unit is the supereon, composed of eons. Eons are divided into eras, which are in turn divided into periods, epochs and ages. It is not a true mathematical unit, as all ages, epochs, periods, eras, or eons don't have the same length; instead, their length is determined by the geological and historical events that define them individually.Note: The light-year is not a unit of time, but a unit of length of about 9.5 petametres (9 454 254 955 488 kilometers).

 List 

 Interrelation 
All of the formal units of time are scaled multiples of each other. The most common units are the second, defined in terms of an atomic process; the day, an integral multiple of seconds; and the year, usually 365 days. The other units used are multiples or divisions of these 3.

 See also 
Unit of frequency
Orders of magnitude (time)

 References 

Stacey Franks
Stacey Franks (née McClean, born 17 February 1989) is an English pop singer. She was part of the S Club 7 spin-off band, S Club 8 and in 2009 took part in the sixth series of The X Factor.

 Career 

 2001–05: S Club Juniors 

Franks was born in Bispham, Blackpool, Lancashire. In 2001 she auditioned for a place in the group S Club 7 on their 2002 Carnival Tour. She won a part in the S Club Juniors, aged 12 years old. Whilst in the group, Stacey, alongside with her bandmate Rochelle Humes, usually wore her hair in her naturally curly and frizzy style.  In 2002 the group released four singles and guest starred in Viva S Club.
After S Club split up in 2003, 19 Entertainment decided to keep S Club Juniors going, so they were renamed S Club 8 and released a further three songs. In 2004, McClean, along with the other members of S Club 8, appeared in the children's musical television comedy I Dream, which was filmed in Spain. The programme lasted for thirteen episodes, from 22 September to 13 December 2004, and was broadcast on BBC One. S Club 8 disbanded in 2005.

 2009: The X Factor 

In 2009, Franks auditioned for The X Factor in Manchester, singing the Christina Aguilera song "Ain't No Other Man". Her audition was shown on the 100th episode of the show, screened on 19 September 2009. She made it through to boot camp, then after the first task of singing with other acts she made it into the top 50 acts, where she had to sing a solo performance to reach the final 24.
She made the final 24, and along with five others was placed in the Girls (16–24) category, in which her mentor was Dannii Minogue assisted by her sister, Kylie. In the final audition, held at Atlantis, The Palm, Palm Jumeirah, Dubai, McClean sang the Britney Spears song "Sometimes", but was eliminated before the live shows.

 2010–present: Recent work 
In 2010, Franks took up a post as a receptionist at the UK radio station talkSPORT. She continues to pursue her singing career in her spare time.
In December 2010, Franks began a 6-month tour of the UK as one of the stars of G*Mania an all singing all dancing stage production.In late 2012, Franks, alongside former colleagues, Daisy Evans, Aaron Renfree, and Jay Asforis announced via Twitter that they would be reforming as S Club Juniors. The group's first performance took place on 14 January 2013 at Essex Students Union. They also made the decision to create an official "S Club Juniors" band on Twitter, @SCJOfficial. However, the reunion was short-lived and disbanded following a lack of support from the public.
In December 2021, Franks joined S Club Allstars replacing former S Club 7 member Jo O'Meara.

 Personal life 
Franks attended Beacon Hill High School in Blackpool. She worked as an Admin manager at 106.5 Central Radio in Lancashire whilst co-hosting the breakfast show, but has since left. She lives in London. She is quarter Nigerian in her ethnicity. Stacey is married to former footballer Fraser Franks. She announced their separation in 2023.

 Discography 

 Media appearances 

 Television 

 Radio 

 References 

 External links 
Stacey McClean at IMDb

The Crisis
The Crisis is the official magazine of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). It was founded in 1910 by W. E. B. Du Bois (editor), Oswald Garrison Villard, J. Max Barber, Charles Edward Russell, Kelly Miller, William Stanley Braithwaite, and Mary Dunlop Maclean. The Crisis has been in continuous print since 1910, and it is the oldest Black-oriented magazine in the world. Today, The Crisis is "a quarterly journal of civil rights, history, politics and culture and seeks to educate and challenge its readers about issues that continue to plague African Americans and other communities of color."

 History 

 The Du Bois era 

 Beginnings and the Du Bois era 
The original title of the magazine was The CRISIS: A Record of The Darker Races. The magazine's name was inspired by James Russell Lowell's 1845 poem, "The Present Crisis". The suggestion to name the magazine after the poem came from one of the NAACP co-founders and noted white abolitionist Mary White Ovington. The first issue was typed and arranged by NAACP secretary Richetta Randolph Wallace.As the founding editor of The Crisis, Du Bois proclaimed his intentions in his first editorial:

The object of this publication is to set forth those facts and arguments which show the danger of race prejudice, particularly as manifested today toward colored people. It takes its name from the fact that the editors believe that this is a critical time in the history of the advancement of men. …Finally, its editorial page will stand for the rights of men, irrespective of color or race, for the highest ideals of American democracy, and for reasonable but earnest and persistent attempts to gain these rights and realize these ideals." (The Crisis, November 1910, 10)
Although The Crisis was officially an organ of the NAACP, Du Bois had a large degree of control over the periodical's expressed opinion. Du Bois wrote in Dusk of Dawn (1940) that he intended for The Crisis to represent his personal opinions:

I determine to make the opinion of the Crisis a personal opinion; because, as I argued, no organization can express definite and clear cut opinions… the Crisis would state openly the opinion of its editor, so long, of course, as that opinion was in general agreement with that of the organization.

 Affiliation with the NAACP 
The NAACP was founded in response to the Springfield Race Riots of Illinois in 1908, calling attention to the injustices that the black community was subjected to. After this riot, William Walling composed an article in the newspaper, prompting his audience to fight racism in a united fashion. Oswald Villard responded to Walling's article in one of his own titled "The Call", an article welcoming individuals to attend a national meeting dedicated to intersectional justice for all citizens despite race. There were 60 individuals that attended the call, 7 of them were persons of color, including Mary Church Terrell, Ida B. Wells, and W. E. B. Du Bois. This meeting and signing of the call led to the formation of the NAACP in 1909.The NAACP was largely recognized as a grassroots foundation, as it relied on the surrounding to community to sell subscriptions to the magazine, The Crisis. In its first year, the journal had a monthly circulation of 1,000. Ten years later, by 1918, it had more than 100,000 readers. It also grew in size, beginning at 20 pages and rising to as many as 68 pages; and in price, beginning at 10 cents per issue and later increasing to 15 cents. The Crisis would go on to become incredibly influential during the 1910s and 1920s and would take a large role in the Harlem Renaissance literature movement.

 Literary and artistic impact during the Harlem Renaissance 
While the magazine was originally intended to be much more of a political and news publication than a literary publication, it had undeniable impact on the Harlem Renaissance literary and arts movement during the 1920s, especially from 1918 to 1926 when Jessie Redmon Fauset served as Literary Editor.
It was primarily during Jessie Fauset's tenure that literature abounded. Though not nearly as well-known today as Du Bois, Fauset's literary contributions were equal in importance. The poet Langston Hughes described Fauset as one of the "midwives of the Harlem Renaissance. Hughes wrote in his 1940 autobiography The Big Sea that the parties at Fauset's Harlem home were rather exclusive "literary soirees with much poetry but little to drink" (Hughes 244).Some of the best-known writers of the Harlem Renaissance were first published or became well known by being published in The Crisis during Fauset's tenure, including Hughes, Countee Cullen, Arthur Huff Fauset (Jessie Fauset's younger half-brother), Jean Toomer, James Weldon Johnson, Claude McKay, Effie Lee Newsome, Zora Neale Hurston, Gwendolyn Bennett, Arna Bontemps, Charles Chesnutt, Marita Bonner,  and Walter White. Despite Fauset's personal tastes and interests in her own writing, she featured poetry, prose, short stories, essays and plays in The Crisis. Fauset was also the primary force that kept the New York office going logistically between 1919 and 1926. Following her departure from The Crisis, the quality and quantity of the literature section of the magazine declined. In her biography of Fauset, Jessie Redmon Fauset, Black American Writer, Carolyn Wedin Sylvander writes that after Fauset's departure, several poets criticized Du Bois for neglecting literature, printing pieces the poets had specifically requested not be published, or printing old pieces.
In addition to literature, art played an important role in The Crisis's overall message and function. In his famous October 1926 essay "Criteria of Negro Art", which was delivered as an address at the Chicago conference of the NAACP in 1926, Du Bois stated one of his opinions on art:

Thus all art is propaganda and ever must be, despite the wailing of the purists. I stand in utter shamelessness and say that whatever art I have for writing has been used always for propaganda for gaining the right of black folk to love and enjoy. I do not care a damn for any art that is not used for propaganda. But I do care when propaganda is confined to one side while the other is stripped and silent.
This essay was published in conjunction with a seven-part series of responses to a symposium called The Negro in Art: How Shall He Be Portrayed?, which invited responses by black and white artists and intellectuals to seven questions on the freedoms and responsibilities of black artists.In pursuing the use of art to positively portray the African-American race, Du Bois turned to photography as a favored medium. In Protest and Propaganda, Amy Helene Kirschke wrote: "Du Bois believed that art was in fact the embodiment of freedom of expression and that through art, truth could be expressed, creating something beautiful. Through the inclusion of art and poetry, creative writing, and photography, The Crisis could bring beauty into the home" (123). The arts were also used to capture current events. Political cartoons, illustrations and graphic photographs aligned with Du Bois' strong interest in social justice and in highlighting heinous crimes being committed against African Americans.

 Educational impact under Du Bois 
The Crisis magazine has played a major role in promoting the rise of African-American colleges and the rise of African-American studies. Early on, the magazine fostered an interest in higher education, reporting how the black universities were operating financially and administratively and on the hardships these colleges endured.
Children and education were two topics that mattered quite a bit to Du Bois, whose philosophy during that era was that a "Talented Tenth" of the African-American population should be bred, raised and trained to become elite intellectual and political leaders – a topic he first introduced in his 1903 book The Souls of Black Folk. Readers could see this reflected in the annual Children's and Education numbers, which came out in October and July, respectively, and which leaned heavily on photography as a medium for showing off the best of the best of African-American youth.
Fauset, who contributed articles to Crisis long before becoming the literary editor in 1918, also seemed to care deeply about children's literature, and contributed the large majority of content to The Brownies' Book, which was a monthly children's magazine that Du Bois, the Crisis business editor, Augustus Dill, and Fauset printed in 1920 and 1921. The Brownies' Book focused heavily on promoting standards of gender, class and racial behavior and pride, also using photographs to inspire young African-American children. Common themes in The Brownies' Book included doing well in school, taking pride in one's appearance, and learning about one's heritage, with many African folk tales and other African cultural issues mentioned.
Advertising also tended to focus heavily on education, with ads for various schools, institutions, training courses, and, of course, colleges and universities, featured in every issue during this time period, appearing before the table of contents in many cases.

 Political impact under Du Bois 
Du Bois tended to view The Crisis as his personal soapbox to a certain degree, heavily pushing his own opinions through the opinion section. Common concerns in his writings included promoting a positive, dignified, progressive image of African-American people; calling for action, social justice and an end to violence against blacks; and promoting good international relations, especially in regards to the Pan-African movement.
All of the issues between 1910 and 1934 feature an opinion section that was written by Du Bois (later renamed from "Opinion" to "Postscript"). Other Du Bois-authored columns included a "Men of the Month" column, which featured successful black men in various professions, a news column called "Along the Color Line", and a "Horizon" column, which read as more of a newsletter, detailing positive accomplishments by African Americans. Du Bois frequently included reviews of news articles from other publications that he felt were incorrect, and also tracked certain special causes. As an editor, Du Bois did not shy away from showing photographs of and writing about controversial issues, including lynching, racism in the U.S. military, labor issues, and political issues with as Booker T. Washington's views and Marcus Garvey's views.
The Crisis was also used to promote the production of black cinema. The center of their promotion was the Ethiopian Art Theatre, in Chicago. The theatre was a place that provided training and promotion of black actors as well as employment for black citizens of Chicago. It attracted thousands of blacks from the South, who saw it as evidence of success and pride within the black community.However strongly Du Bois's opinions were expressed in the pages of The Crisis, he was certainly not the only contributor. During Fauset's tenure as literary editor, she wrote and edited a column entitled "The Looking Glass", which was primarily literature and art review, but also included other essays. The "Outer Pocket" column featured letters from readers. While Fauset's primary concern and duties were with the literature of the times, she shared other political outlooks with Du Bois, such as a concern for education and families. African cultural issues were also of concern to both Du Bois and Fauset in general, with their many trips overseas, their participation in several Pan-African Congresses and Conferences, and African-themed cover art and other art on the pages of The Crisis throughout the years.

 After Du Bois 
Du Bois's initial position as editor was in line with the NAACP's liberal program of social reform and racial equality, but by the 1930s Du Bois was advocating a form of black separatism. This led to disputes between Du Bois and the NAACP, resulting in his resignation as editor in 1934. He was replaced by Roy Wilkins. However, financial issues were also at play. In his 1940 memoir Dusk of Dawn, Du Bois wrote that the periodical suffered during the Great Depression as the "circulation dropped steadily until by 1933 it was scarcely more than ten thousand paid subscriptions."
While The Crisis has been published continually since 1910, its years under Du Bois are arguably far better-known than any of its other years. There have been 15 editors at the magazine's helm since Du Bois's departure. Roy Wilkins remained editor after Du Bois until 1949, when he became the acting NAACP secretary. James W. Ivy subsequently became the editor of the magazine until his retirement in 1966. The magazine continued to print news articles and opinion columns on current events and social concerns.
After Ivy's retirement, other persons who served as editor included Henry Lee Moon, Warren Marr II, Chester Arthur Higgins Sr. (1917–2000), Maybelle Ward, Fred Beauford, Garland Thompson, Denise Crittendon, Gentry Trotter, Paul Ruffins, Ida E. Lewis, Phil Petrie, and Victoria Valentine.
From 1997 to 2003, it appeared as The New Crisis: The Magazine of Opportunities and Ideas, but the title has since reverted to The Crisis.
On August 7, 2007, Jabari Asim was named editor of The Crisis by then publisher Roger Wilkins. Asim came to The Crisis from The Washington Post, where he was Book World deputy editor.
The Chicago Tribune named The Crisis one of its "50 Favorite Magazines" in 2008, stating: "This venerable publication of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has continued to evolve and illuminate since its premiere issue in November 1910 (one year after the creation of the NAACP)."[11]

 Advertisement 
Advertisements in The Crisis showcase jobs, education, and businesses in the African-American community. These advertisements often reflected the views of the current editor. Under Du Bois, advertisements on education are most prevalent. All types of schools, institutions, training courses, colleges and universities. Some of the schools advertised are Howard University, Fisk University, Paine College, The Cheyney Training School for Teachers and many others. The number one thing these schools had in common was they were all only for colored students. Another popular advertisement under Du Bois was job advertisements. Some of the jobs advertised were teachers, vendors, nurses, dentists, civil service and stenographers. There was always a need for advertising agents. The Crisis even had its own ad for agents specifically for the magazine. The advertisement section also includes ads for other magazines and books to read. One of these magazines is The Brownies' Book, a magazine for children; a double subscription to The Brownies' Book and The Crisis for a special price is even offered. Another was Locoma Magazine, an adult magazine featuring such topics as marriage, divorce, eugenics, and birth control. The Crisis also advertised books that claimed to be necessary reading for all African Americans; among these books weree Darkwater: Voices from Within the Veil by Du Bois, Scott's Official History of the American Negro in the Great War by Emmett Jay Scott, and As Nature Leads by J. A. Rogers. As the magazine continued its growth and influence, they added a table of books readers could buy from the magazine, which was called "The Crisis Book Mart". This range of books featured influential writers such as Langston Hughes, Alain Locke, Claude McKay and others. Many of the books and magazines advertised in The Crisis are aimed to showcase culture as well as to educate African Americans. Real estate was also included in the magazine's advertisements, as well as plots of land for building homes and even for vacationing in various locations such as Orchardville, Idlewood, Pleasantville, and Atlantic City. This showed the spread of African Americans across different cities as well as their prospering wealth.

Other types of advertisements in The Crisis promoted music as well as vocalists and musicians. Some of those promoted were lyric soprano Cleota Collins, concert violinist Wesley I. Howard, and high-class entertainers Invincible Concert Co. There were also advertisements for phonograph records as well as hymn books, and plays.
Other advertisements of The Crisis magazine covered a variety of topics: a Booker T Washington bust, colored dolls, hair grower/preparation (Madam C. J. Walker's preparations for the hair/ Nile Queen), wigs (fashion book), tooth polish (Dr. Welters antiseptic tooth powder), tuxedos, NAACP membership, Christmas Seals (for the NAACP/ protecting against tuberculosis), "On Health's Highway" to support cancer patients, laundry, Negro art photo calendar, undertaking and embalming, life health and accident insurance. Many of these advertisements showed the push for African Americans, women especially, to focus on their looks. One such advertisement even stated: "It is the duty of human beings to be attractive."

 Editors 
1910–34:  W. E. B. Du Bois
1934–49:  Roy Wilkins
1949–66:  James W. Ivy
1967–74:  Henry Lee Moon
1974–80:  Warren Marr II
1981–84:  Chester Higgins Sr.
1984–85:  Maybelle Ward
1985–92:  Fred Beauford; 1991–98: Walter Morrison, Associate Editor
1992–94:  Garland Thomas
1994:     Denise Crittendon
1995–97:  Eric Clark, Managing Editor; Tsitsi Wakhisi, Contributing Editor
1997–98:  Paul Ruffins
1998–2000:  Ida E. Lewis
2001 & 2007: Phil Petrie (interim)
2001–07:  Victoria Valentine
2007–17:  Jabari Asim
2017-22:  Lottie Joiner

 See also 
Opportunity: A Journal of Negro Life
Phylon

 References 

 Further reading 
General resources – Books

Bontemps, Arna. The Harlem Renaissance Remembered: Essays Edited With a Memoir. New York: Dodd, Mead, 1972. Print.
Bornstein, George. "How to Read a Page: Modernism and Material Textuality." Material Modernism: The Politics of the Page. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2001. 5–31. Print.
Driskell, David, David Levering Lewis, and Deborah Willis Ryan. Harlem Renaissance Art of Black America. New York: Harry N. Abrams, 1987. Print.
Farebrother, Rachel. "The Crisis (1910-34)". The Oxford Critical and Cultural History of Modernist Magazines. Eds. Peter Brooker and Andrew Thacker. Vol. 2. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2012. 103–124. Print.
Ferguson, Jeffrey B. The Harlem Renaissance: A Brief History with Documents. Boston: Bedford St. Martin's, 2008. Print.
Hughes, Langston. The Big Sea. Ed. Joseph McLaren. Columbia: University of Missouri Press, 2002. Print.
Ikonné, Chidi. From Du Bois to Van Vechten: The Early New Negro Literature, 1903–1926. Westport: Greenwood Press, 1981. Print.
Kirschke, Amy Helene. Art in Crisis: W.E.B. Du Bois and the Struggle for African American Identity and Memory. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2007. Print.
Marks, Carole, and Diana Edkins. The Power of Pride: Stylemakers and Rulebreakers of the Harlem Renaissance. New York: Crown, 1999. Print.
New Voices on the Harlem Renaissance: Essays on Race, Gender, and Literary Discourse. Eds. Australia Tarver and Paula C. Barnes. Madison: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 2006. Print.
Perry, Margaret. Silence to the Drums: A Survey of the Literature of the Harlem Renaissance. Westport: Greenwood Press, 1976. Print.
Schäffer, Christina. The Brownies' Book: Inspiring Racial Price in African-American Children. Frankfurt: Peter Lang, 2012. Print.
Taylor, Quintard. From Timbuktu to Katrina: Readings in African American History. Boston: Thomson, 2008. Print.
Temples for Tomorrow: Looking Back at the Harlem Renaissance. Eds. Geneviève Fabre and Michel Feith. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2001. Print.
Van Wienen, Mark W. Partisans and Poets: The Political Work of American Poetry in the Great War. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1997. Print.General resources – Journal articles

Ardis, Ann. "Making Middlebrow Culture, Making Middlebrow Literary Texts Matter: The Crisis, Easter 1912". Modernist Cultures 6.1 (2011): 18–40. PDF.
Austin, Addell. "The Opportunity and Crisis Literary Contests, 1924-27." CLA 32.2 (1988): 235–246. PDF.
Carroll, Anne. "Protest and Affirmation: Composite Texts in the Crisis." American Literature 76.1 (2004): 89–116. PDF.
Castronovo, Russ. "Beauty Along the Color Line: Lynching, Aesthetics, and the Crisis". MLA 121.5 (2006): 1443–1459. PDF.
Digby-Junger, Richard. "The Guardian, Crisis, Messenger, and Negro World: The Early-20th-Century Black Radical Press". The Howard Journal of Communications 9 (1998): 263–282. PDF.
Farebrother, Rachel. "The Lesson Which India is Today Teaching the World: Nationalism and Internationalism in The Crisis, 1910-1943". Journal of American Studies 46.3 (2012): 603–623. PDF.
Kirschke, Amy Helen. "Du Bois and The Crisis Magazine: Imaging Women and Family". Notes in the History of Art 24.4 (2005): 35–45. PDF.
---. "The Burden of Black Womanhood: Aaron Douglas and the 'Apogée of Beauty.'" American Studies 49.1 (2008): 97–105. PDF.
Musser, Judith. "African American Women's Short Stories in the Harlem Renaissance: Bridging a Tradition." Mellus 23.2 (1998): 27–47. PDF.
Omodele, Remi. "'For Us, About Us, Near Us and By Us': American Women Playwrights and the Making of NAACP-DuBois's Edutainment Agenda". Women's History Review 11.1 (2002): 49–70. PDF.
Reymond, Rhonda L. "Looking In: Albert A. Smith's Use of 'Repoussoir' in Cover Illustrations for the Crisis and Opportunity". American Periodicals 20.2 (2010): 216–240. PDF.
Stavney, Anne. "'Mothers of Tomorrow': The New Negro Renaissance and the Politics of Maternal Representation". African American Review 32.4 (1998): 533–561. PDF.Anthologies

Breaking the Ties that Bind: Popular Stories of the New Woman, 1915-1930. Ed. Maureen Honey. Norman: U of Oklahoma P, 1992. Print.
The Crisis Reader: Stories, Poetry, and Essays from the N.A.A.C.P.'s Crisis Magazine. Ed. Sondra Kathryn Wilson. New York: Modern Library, 1999. Print.
Du Bois, W. E. B. W.E.B. Du Bois: The Crisis Writings. Ed. Daniel Walden. Fawcett: Greenwich, 1972. Print.
Ferguson, Jeffrey B. The Harlem Renaissance: A Brief History with Documents. Boston: Bedford/St. Martin's, 2008. Print.
"Girl, Colored" and Other Stories: A Complete Short Fiction Anthology of African American Women Writers in The Crisis Magazine, 1910–2010. Ed. Judith Musser. Jefferson, NC: McFarland, 2011.
Harlem's Glory: Black Women Writing, 1900–1950. Eds. Lorraine Elene Roses and Ruth Elizabeth Randolph. Cambridge, Mass: Harvard UP, 1996. Print.
The New Negro: Readings on Race, Representation, and African American Culture, 1892–1938. Eds. Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Gene Andrew Jarrett. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2007. Print.
The New Negro Renaissance: An Anthology. Eds. Arthur P. Davis and Michael W. Peplow. New York: Holt, 1975.
Shadowed Dreams: Women's Poetry of the Harlem Renaissance. Ed. Maureen Honey. New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press, 1989. Print.
W.E.B. Du Bois: A Reader. Ed. Meyer Weinberg. New York: Harper, 1970. Print.Online resources

The Crisis. Google Books. Web. Multiple access dates.
The Crisis. Modernist Journals Project. Web. Multiple access dates.
Encyclopedia of African American History 1896 to the Present. Ed. Paul Finkleman. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2009. E-book resource. Web. Multiple access dates.

 External links 
 
Official website
The Crisis archives at Modernist Journals Project
The Crisis archives at Google Books
 The Crisis public domain audiobook at LibriVox
The Crisis writings of W. E. B. Du Bois

Érik Comas
Érik Gilbert Comas (French: [e.ʁik kɔ.ma]; born 28 September 1963) is a French former Formula One driver. He was French Formula 3 champion in 1988, and then Formula 3000 champion in 1990, after scoring the same number of points as Jean Alesi in 1989, but losing on a count-back of positions. He participated in 63 Grands Prix, debuting on 10 March 1991.  He scored a total of 7 championship points. His last point, in the 1994 German Grand Prix, was also the last one for the Larrousse team.

 Career 

 Formula One 

 1991 and 1992: Ligier 
After his F3000 championship victory in 1990, Comas was selected to drive for the Ligier F1 team in 1991. The Ligier JS35 with its Lamborghini engine proved uncompetitive throughout the season.  Comas failed to qualify for the race on his first attempt in Brazil, achieved his first finish with 10th at Imola, and achieved his highest finish of the season with 8th in Canada, scoring no points during the season. Although he failed to qualify on two other occasions and suffered a spectacular crash at Hockenheim, he generally compared well with more experienced teammate Thierry Boutsen who also failed to score any points.  Early in 1992, Comas's place in the team was briefly threatened by Alain Prost who tested the team's new Renault-powered car with a view to driving for, and possibly buying the team.  Ultimately Prost chose not to proceed, and Comas retained his drive alongside Boutsen for the season.  The 1992 car, the Ligier JS37 seemed promising, a brand new design featuring the race-winning Renault V10 engine, but it proved to be only inconsistently competitive.  Comas scored his first career F1 point with 6th place in Canada, scored 5th at Ligier's home race in France and a further point in Germany during a mid-season revival of the team's fortunes.  With four points, he was generally faster than and outscored Boutsen, and finished 11th in the Driver's Championship. At the 1992 Belgian Grand Prix Comas was involved in a severe accident at the Blanchimont corner during Saturday qualifying. Left unconscious in his car beached in the middle of the track with the engine still running at its rev limiter, Comas was rescued by Ayrton Senna who stopped his own car and ran to help Comas, by shutting off the car's screaming engine (which was still pumping fuel and could have blown at any moment starting a fire), and holding the Frenchman's head in a stable position until medical assistance arrived. Comas credited Senna with saving his life.

 1993 and 1994: Larrousse 
Comas was not retained by Ligier for 1993. Instead, he signed with the small Larrousse team, running the LH93 chassis powered by Lamborghini V12s.  The car was uncompetitive, Comas  retiring from half the 16 races of the season, and scoring only one point for 6th at Monza. Retained by Larrousse for 1994, Comas drove the LH94 car, now powered by more reliable Ford HB engines. Comas scored a point for 6th at the Pacific Grand Prix, and benefited from the retirement of many other cars to take another point at Hockenheim. This was both his and Larrousse's final F1 points finish. For the last race of the season in Australia, Comas relinquished his seat to make way for Jean-Denis Delétraz who brought more funding to the team.
At the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix Comas was mistakenly waved out of the pits and drove onto the circuit during the red flag which followed the fatal crash of Ayrton Senna. Marshals frantically tried to flag Comas down through the Tamburello corner and he narrowly avoided rescue workers and vehicles, including an aid helicopter which had landed at the scene, before bringing his Larrousse to a stop. Comas declined to participate in the restart of the race, after witnessing medical staff treating the mortally-injured Senna. Senna had previously rushed to Comas's aid when he was knocked unconscious after a serious accident during qualifying for the 1992 Belgian Grand Prix.

 After Formula One 
After ending his Formula One career at the end of the 1994 season, Comas went to Japan to continue his racing career in the All-Japan Grand Touring Car Championship (JGTC), Japan's premiere racing series. He won the GT500 title in 1998 and 1999, and was runner-up in the standings in 2000, all three years driving for Nissan in a factory Nismo-prepared Skyline GT-R. He left the Nismo team in 2002 to join the factory Toyota team the following year. By the end of the 2003 season, he was the most successful driver in the history of the series, with the most career championship points ever scored by a single driver. This was eventually surpassed by another Nismo driver, Satoshi Motoyama.
Comas spent the 2004/2005 seasons with Masahiro Hasemi's privateer Hasemi Sport team, running non-factory Nissan 350Zs in GT500, including inheriting the team's only win (co-driving with Toshihiro Kaneishi) thus far, on the evening of 18 December 2004 at the "All-Star 200" exhibition race on California Speedway's combined oval/road course after the unofficial winners were penalized 60 seconds on their finishing time for a pit window infraction. The race was a non-points scoring event and as such does not count towards the drivers' or teams' official win record.
In the 2006 Super GT championship season (formerly JGTC) he raced for former JGTC driver and 24 Hours of Le Mans team owner Masahiko Kondo's new privateer Nissan 350Z racing team. He also branched out into rallying, competing in various events around the world. Along with this, he created Comas Racing Management (CRM), a firm that focuses on the management and development of young up and coming drivers, primarily from his home country of France.
At the fifth race of the 2006 season at Sportsland SUGO, Comas was replaced by Seiji Ara due to ill health. After returning for the Pokka 1000 km, on 5 September 2006, Comas announced that because of his health, he would not compete in the final three races of the season.In 2010 and 2011, he won the electric vehicle category of the Rallye Monte Carlo des Véhicules à Énergie Alternative (the opening event of the FIA Alternative Energies Cup) with a Tesla Roadster. In 2014 he won the Carrera Panamericana in a Studebaker. Between 2012 and 2017,he rallied a Lancia Stratos.
Comas has now retired from all forms of racing. He spends his time running Comas Historic Racing, which provides for paying customers to enter historic rallies driving cars from his fleet of blue Alpine automobiles.

 Racing record 

 Career summary 

 Complete Macau Grand Prix results 

 Complete International Formula 3000 results 
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate fastest lap.)

 Complete Formula One results 
(key)

 Complete JGTC/Super GT results 
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate fastest lap)

 24 Hours of Le Mans results 

 Complete JTCC results 
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate fastest lap)

 World Rally Championship results 

 References 

 External links 

Eric Comas/CRM Official Site
Comas Historic Racing

Jane Stanley (died 1803)
Lady Jane Stanley (c. 1720 – 1803) was a member of the Earl of Derby branch of the Stanley family.  The daughter of Edward Stanley, 11th Earl of Derby she never married but, in her old age, maintained a large household at Brook House, Knutsford.  A notable philanthropist, she installed and maintained footpaths in the town though, in line with her belief that couples should not walk with arms linked, she made them intentionally narrow.  Stanley left significant donations in her will to friends, family, servants and to numerous charitable causes connected with the poor and sick.  One bequest helped to maintain the footways in the town for many years, though they were widened from 2014 to allow for improved access.  Stanley was the inspiration for the Honourable Mrs Jamieson in Elizabeth Gaskell's 1849 novel Cranford and the title character in her 1858 My Lady Ludlow.

 Life 
Lady Jane Stanley was the daughter of Edward Stanley, 11th Earl of Derby and was born circa 1720.  Stanley never married and from 1780 until her death lived at Brook House in Knutsford, Cheshire.  She maintained a large household and one duty of her footmen was to bring her the latest news as soon as it arrived by mail coach. The mail coach used the road in front of Brook House and Stanley paid the guard five shillings a time to fire his pistol when passing to alert her servants of important news.  A footman would then run to the inn in town to retrieve the news.  She maintained a sedan chair, cheaper than a horse and carriage and better suited to Knutsford's narrow streets.Considered an important and influential figure in Knutsford, Stanley was also well liked by her servants and neighbours. Ellis Chadwick, writing in 1910, noted "she had very strict notions of propriety and of the courtesies of life, and would not have them infringed".  She firmly believed in her right, as a gentlewoman, to walk closest to the wall on the town's footpaths (ie the side away from the kerb).  On one occasion when a man walking in the other direction chose to keep to the wall she rapped him on the shoulder with her gold-topped cane and told him "whenever you meet a lady - always give her the wall".Stanley was disappointed when her brother,  Edward Smith-Stanley, 12th Earl of Derby, chose to marry the actress Elizabeth Farren in 1797.  Henry Green, a local history writer, noted that she "disliked to see men and women linked together" (i.e., walking arm in arm).  Stanley donated money throughout her life to construct and maintain footpaths in the town but specified that they be no more than a single flagstone in width to prevent couples from walking together.  She also donated a woollen flag to the town that was flown from the church at times of military victories or other national rejoicings. Two portraits of her are known, one as a young child, and one of her in old age that she sent to Edward, Lord Stanley, her brother's son.Stanley died in Knutsford and was buried in Great Budworth, Cheshire.  It is thought that she chose to be buried there rather than the family plot in Ormskirk, Lancashire, to avoid her remains being close to those of Farren.  Shortly before she died Stanley composed her own epitaph: "A maid I lived and a maid I died; I never was asked and never denied".

 Legacy 
Stanley left significant bequests as well as a £6,000 inheritance to her family. Two senior female servants each received £600 and all others with at least 3-years service received a full year's wages.  A donation of £500 was made for the upkeep of the elderly and disabled in three local parishes and gifts of between £50 and £500 were made to 21 local women, which she specified was to be spent at their sole discretion "independent of, and free from the debts, power or control of her husband, or future husband".  Stanley left sums of between £500 and £1,250 for infirmaries in Liverpool, Manchester, Chester and Bath, mental hospitals in Liverpool and Manchester, an asylum for the blind in Liverpool, a maternity hospital in Manchester and to the Philanthropic Society of St George for the promotion of industry and reform of criminals.A sum of £400 was left to be used to repair and improve the footpaths she had laid out around Knutsford and to maintain the woollen church flag.  This was invested in Consolidated Bank annuities, that generated a return of around 3% per year (£12) by the 1820s.  The pavements were maintained, more or less unchanged, until 2014 when Cheshire East Council found them to be unsafe for the disabled.  A project was begun to improve and widen the footpaths.Stanley's sedan chair has been used by the annual Knutsford Royal May Day procession since 1884.  Stanley was the inspiration for the Honourable Mrs Jamieson in Elizabeth Gaskell's 1849 novel Cranford and the title character in her 1858 My Lady Ludlow, both based on her time in Knutsford.

 References 

George Lyttelton, 1st Baron Lyttelton
George Lyttelton, 1st Baron Lyttelton,  (17 January 1709 – 22 August 1773), known between 1751 and 1756 as Sir George Lyttelton, 5th Baronet, was a British statesman. As an author himself, he was also a supporter of other writers and as a patron of the arts made an important contribution to the development of 18th-century landscape design.

 Life 
Lord Lyttelton was the eldest son of Sir Thomas Lyttelton, 4th Baronet, of Frankley, in the County of Worcester, by his wife Christian, daughter of Sir Richard Temple, 3rd Baronet. Educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, he afterwards went on grand tour, visiting Europe with his tutor. It was during this time that he started publishing his early works in both poetry and prose. Even after he was elected to Parliament in 1735, he continued to publish from time to time. In 1742 he married Lucy, daughter of Hugh Fortescue, and following her death in 1747 he later married Elizabeth, daughter of Field Marshal Sir Robert Rich, 4th Baronet, in 1749. He died in August 1773, aged 64, and was succeeded as baron by his eldest son, Thomas. Though Samuel Johnson's biographical notice of Lyttelton is characterised by a conspicuous show of dislike, it diverges at the end into a long description of his exemplary death and the plain inscription he asked to have added to his first wife's monument in St John the Baptist Church, Hagley.

 Political career 
Lyttelton was Member of Parliament (MP) for Okehampton from 1735 to 1756 and, as one of Cobham's Cubs during the 1730s, opposed the Prime Minister Robert Walpole. He served as secretary to Frederick, Prince of Wales from 1737, and then, after Walpole's fall, as a Commissioner of the Treasury in 1744. That year too he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. Lyttelton was made a Privy Councillor in 1754 and in the following year became briefly Chancellor of the Exchequer, but performed poorly in that role. In 1756 he was raised to the peerage as Lord Lyttelton, Baron of Frankley in the County of Worcester, and continued to speak in the House of Lords until the year before he died.
Lyttelton was later described as "an amiable, absent-minded man, of unimpeachable integrity and benevolent character, with strong religious convictions and respectable talents", but ultimately as "a poor practical politician". His political opponent Lord Hervey spitefully characterised his performance as a speaker as "a great flow of words that were always uttered in a lulling monotony, and the little meaning they had to boast of was generally borrowed from the commonplace maxims and sentiments of moralists, philosophers, patriots, and poets, crudely imbibed, half digested, ill put together, and confusedly refunded".

 Poetry and patronage 
Lord Lyttelton was a friend and supporter of Alexander Pope in the 1730s and of Henry Fielding in the 1750s; the latter dedicated his novel Tom Jones to Lyttelton. He had written his "Epistle to Mr. Pope, from a young gentleman at Rome" while still on the European tour, advising him to abandon satire for a patriotic theme more worthy of his greatness. Later on the poem was used to preface editions of Pope's work.Throughout his life, he acted as a friendly patron of poets. James Thomson, for whom Lyttelton eventually arranged a pension, was a frequent visitor to Hagley Hall. Joseph Warton he appointed his domestic chaplain and it was at his suggestion that David Mallet was made undersecretary to the Prince of Wales.
Lyttelton's own poetic reputation was guaranteed continuity by his work being included in the collection of English poets prefaced by Johnson's Lives. Variously annotated and augmented, the collection appeared in succeeding editions into the start of the 19th century. The monody "To the Memory of a Lady lately Deceased", written on the death of his first wife, had an even longer lasting reputation. Though Thomas Gray found "parts of it too stiff and poetical", he especially praised the fourth stanza as "truly tender and elegiac". The poem was alluded to or parodied by others well into the 19th century, particularly the invocation of the "shades of Hagley" in the fifth stanza. Anna Seward, in answer to a correspondent who preferred Lyttelton's ode to the newly fashionable sonnet, ingeniously rearranged the lines of the poem into a series of sonnets, in which the "shades of Hagley" passage headed the second. And William Gladstone acknowledged that his Church Principles was "completed beneath the shades of Hagley" as late as 1840.
Despite his long political career, it was as a poet that Lyttelton was chiefly remembered in the 19th century. But he was author also of many works in prose, chiefly historical and theological. Two, however, are distinguished by their humour. Letters from a Persian in England, to his Friend at Ispahan (1735) ironically comments on the idiosyncrasies of the time from the naïve point of view of an outsider. On attending a wedding ceremony in "one of their Mosques", for example, the visitor remarks that "Marriage here is esteemed a Religious Ceremony, and that I believe is one Reason among others why so little Regard is paid to it". Oliver Goldsmith was later to borrow the same approach for his Chinese philosopher in Letters from a Citizen of the World to his Friends in the East (1760). There were, nevertheless, French models for both in the Lettres Persanes of Montesquieu (1721) and the Lettres Chinoises (1735) of Jean-Baptiste de Boyer, Marquis d'Argens, both of which had been translated soon after into English.Another work with prior French counterparts was Lyttelton's Dialogues of the Dead (1760). Though these had Classical precedents, the more immediate models were François Fénelon's Dialogues des morts anciens et modernes and Bernard Le Bovier de Fontenelle's Nouveaux Dialogues des morts, which had also appeared in popular English translations as Dialogues of the Dead. The themes treated in Lyttelton's are political, literary and philosophical, although the characters sometimes stray from their expected role. Joseph Addison and Jonathan Swift's conversation is of politics, while Charles XII of Sweden proposes to Alexander the Great an alliance against Alexander Pope for insulting them both in a satire. Included among these conversations were three that Lyttleton had encouraged the bluestocking leader Elizabeth Montagu to write (Dialogues 26–8).All of Lyttelton's writing was collected shortly after his death by his nephew, G. E. Ayscough. In 1791 an edition of his poems appeared in Germany accompanied by J. G. Weigel's prose translations. During his lifetime Lyttelton's Observations on the Conversion and Apostleship of St. Paul was translated into French in 1750 by Jean Deschamps (1707–67) and again in 1754 by the Abbé Antoine Guénée (1717-1803); his Dialogues of the Dead was also translated into French in 1760 as Dialogues des morts by Élie de Joncourt (1697-1765) and Jean Deschamps.

 Hagley Hall and grounds 
Lyttelton spent many years and a fortune developing Hagley Hall and its park, which contained many follies as well as memorials to the poets Milton, Pope, Thomson and the neighbouring landscaper William Shenstone. Also included among the latter was a 'druid's temple' of standing stones commemorating Ossian that Lyttelton had erected outside his grounds on nearby Clent Hill. The hall itself was designed by Sanderson Miller and is the last of the great Neo-Palladian houses to be built in England.

 References 

 Bibliography 
Burkes Peerage and Baronetage (1939), s.v. Cobham, Viscount
Barker, George Fisher Russell (1893). "Lyttelton, George (1709-1773)" . In Lee, Sidney (ed.). Dictionary of National Biography. Vol. 34. London: Smith, Elder & Co.
History of Parliament Online: “LYTTELTON, George (1709-73)”

 External links 

George Lyttelton at the Eighteenth-Century Poetry Archive (ECPA)
Works by George Lyttelton, 1st Baron Lyttelton at Project Gutenberg
Works by George Lyttelton, 1st Baron Lyttelton at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Works by or about George Lyttelton, 1st Baron Lyttelton at Internet Archive

Belinda (Belinda Peregrín album)
Belinda is the debut studio album by Spanish singer and actress Belinda Peregrín. It was released in Mexico by Sony BMG Mexico and internationally by RCA Records on August 5, 2003. The album was certified double Platinum and Gold in Mexico on March 11, 2005.

 Album information 
Her international self-titled album Belinda was released by Sony BMG and RCA Records on August 5, 2003, with success, topping many countries including Mexico. The album was produced by Mauri Stern, Robin Barter, Graeme Pleeth and Rudy Pérez. It included hit singles such as "Lo Siento", "Boba Niña Nice", and "Ángel", the single "Vivir", was also chosen as the main theme song for Corazones al límite, a soap opera that she briefly appeared in. There were multiple releases of the album from 2003 through 2004, including remixes and bonus tracks. Belinda was later released on February 25, 2005, along with the DVD Tour Fiesta en la Azotea.

 Promotion 
Belinda promoted the album with the Fiesta en la Azotea Tour, between 2004 and 2005. She performed over 200 times across Mexico, Guatemala, Puerto Rico, El Salvador, Panamá, Colombia, Chile, Argentina, Venezuela, United States, Portugal and Spain. The attendance broke records with 1.8 million people mark. She broke the record after 12 sold-out concerts at the National Auditorium. At the Zócalo (Mexico City) she had an attendance of over 125,000.She performed Lo Siento on Escandalo on July 14, 2003; on Hoy on August 6, 2003, and on TVE on December 7, 2003. Boba Niña Nice on Hoy on August 6, 2003, and on Tesoro de la Navidad on December 22, 2003. Ángel on No Manches on December 20, 2003; on Raul Gil on June 3, 2004; on Otro Rollo on July 26, 2004, and on El Show de Cristina on September 3, 2004. Vivir on No Manches on August 14, 2004; on Despierta America on August 30, 2004. No Entiendo on Hoy on November 2, 2005; on SIC on December 16, 2005, and on TVE on December 20, 2005.

 Commercial performance 
Belinda debuted at number #8 on the Mexican Albums Chart in August 2003. It topped the chart for 4 weeks in 2004, and 4 weeks in 2005. The album was certified Gold on September 7, 2003; Platinum on November 25, 2003; Platinum+Gold on February 11, 2004; Double Platinum on November 5, 2004; Double Platinum+Gold on December 1, 2004; Triple Platinum on March 11, 2005; Triple Platinum+Gold on November 2, 2005.It debuted at #72 and later made the Top 40 in Spain, where it was certified Gold for over 50,000 copies sold.  'Belinda'  peaked at #6 on U.S. Billboard Latin Pop Albums and sold over 177,000 copies on the US. Selling over 0.5 million copies worldwide, it is her best-selling album.

 Track listing 

 DVD 
"Lo Siento"
"Boba Niña Nice"
"Ángel"
Detrás de Cámaras "Ángel"
Detrás de Cámaras "Azotea"

 Charts 

 Sales and certifications 

 References 

Luca Barbareschi
Luca Barbareschi (July 28, 1956, Montevideo) is a Jewish Italian-Uruguayan actor, television presenter, and former member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.
He was one of four actors whom the Italian police believed had been murdered in the making of the 1980 horror film Cannibal Holocaust, where he also abused and killed a young piglet. So realistic was the film that shortly after it was released, its director, Ruggero Deodato was arrested on suspicions of murder. The actors had signed contracts to stay out of the media for a year in order to fuel rumours that the film was a snuff movie. The court was only convinced that they were alive when the contracts were cancelled and the actors appeared on a television show as proof.In 2008, he was elected as a Member of the Italian Parliament in the Chamber of Deputies with Silvio Berlusconi's centre-right party, The People of Freedom. In 2010, he joined, with the other 32 deputies and 10 senators, the Gianfranco Fini's new party Future and Freedom. He left parliament in 2013.
On August 28, 2012, in Filicudi a similar event is repeated which sees Barbareschi attack again with kicks and punches the journalist Filippo Roma and hit his cameraman.

 Filmography 

 Cinema 
1977 – Ultimo mondo cannibale
1979 – Da Corleone a Brooklyn
1980 – Cannibal Holocaust as Mark
1983 – Dream of a Summer Night
1984 – Impiegati
1986 – Via Montenapoleone
1987 – Private Affairs
1988 – Bye Bye Baby
1990 – In nome del popolo sovrano
1991 – L'amico arabo
1992 – La bionda
1992 – Obiettivo indiscreto
1994 – La delegazione
1995 – La tenda nera
1995 – La famiglia Ricordi
1995 – Il cielo è sempre più blu
1996 – Ardena
1999 – Le fils du Français
2002 – Il Trasformista
2008 – The International
2010 – Noi credevamo
2013 – Something Good (director, actor)
2019 – Dolceroma (producer)
2019 – An Officer and a Spy (producer)
2021 – Appunti di un venditore di donne (producer)
2022 – Ero in guerra ma non lo sapevo (producer)
2023 – The Palace (producer)

 Television 
1992 – Questo è amore
1992 – That's Amore
1997 – Trenta righe per un delitto
1998 – Cronaca nera
1999 – Jesus
2000 – Greed
2002 – Giorni da leone
2003 – Una vita in regalo
2004 – Rivoglio i miei figli
2005 – Nebbie e delitti
2005 – Les Rois maudits
2006 – Giorni da leone 2
2006 – La profezia dei templari
2007 – Nebbie e delitti 2
2009 – Nebbie e delitti 3
2012 – Nero Wolfe (producer) 
2013 – Le Iene con Botte da Orbi
2015 – Pietro Mennea - La freccia del sud (fiction)
2022 – Il grande gioco (producer)

 Theatre 
2004 – Amadeus
2006 – Il Sogno del Principe di Salina, l'Ultimo Gattopardo

 References 

 External links 
Luca Barbareschi official site (in Italian)
Luca Barbareschi at IMDb

Bethlehem, New York
Bethlehem is a town in Albany County, New York, United States.  The town's population was 35,034 at the 2020 census. Bethlehem is located immediately to the south of the city of Albany and includes the following hamlets: Delmar, Elsmere, Glenmont, North Bethlehem, Selkirk, Slingerlands, and South Bethlehem.  U.S. Route 9W passes through the town. The town is named after the biblical Bethlehem.

 History 
When Henry Hudson sailed up the river that would eventually bear his name, he is thought to have landed at what is now the town of Bethlehem. The spot where he is presumed to have landed is commemorated at the town's Henry Hudson Park. The town was established on March 12, 1793, from the town of Watervliet.  In 1832, part of the town was used to form the town of New Scotland.
The town's earliest growth took place in Normansville, named for its location along the Normans Kill, a creek, which forms the town's border with Albany.  Normansville still exists today, though it is unnoticed by most living in Bethlehem since it is accessible only by one downhill road.  In the mid-19th century, the Delaware and Hudson railroad initiated Albany - Binghamton service (Susquehanna Division) through the hamlet then called Adamsville, renaming the hamlet Delmar.  Delmar has become the most populous hamlet and its Delaware Avenue is the site of the present day town hall, police station, justice court, and public library, as well as numerous businesses.
The Delaware and Hudson discontinued passenger service in 1963, and its tracks started being removed in the year 2000, with the last of the track removed in 2005.  The track right-of-way is now the Albany County Rail trail, a bike and pedestrian path, that runs from downtown Albany to Voorheesville.  The town has continued to grow, and is today considered to be an affluent suburb of the city of Albany.

 Local landmarks 
The town includes several historic buildings and landmarks.

Four Corners: This Delmar intersection of Delaware and Kenwood avenues has served as the town's traditional center. It is the location of several stores, banks, restaurants and the post office. It is within walking distance of most Delmar residents.
Adams House: In 1838 Nathaniel Adams built a hotel on Delaware Avenue. This stately building later served as the town hall.  In 1980, the Town Hall moved to a larger location, and the volunteer fire department took over the building. Until 2016, Adams House was used as the headquarters of the New York State Association of Retarded Citizens, when it was sold to the Bethlehem Chabad, an Orthodox Jewish assembly. The Delmar Fire Department maintains the fire station to the rear of the structure, at the intersection of Nathaniel and Adams streets.
Beckers Homestead: Albertus Becker built this house in 1800.  His grandson, Albertus Becker II, was elected town supervisor in 1863.
Bethlehem House: listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1973.
District School No. 1: listed on the NRHP in 1998.
Memorial Park: A small pocket park along Delaware Avenue to honor the town's war veterans. The park provides pedestrian access to the old Delaware and Hudson railway bed. The railway bed is being converted to a bike trail (rails to trails program) as funds become available.
Elm Avenue Park: The town's largest park, it is a popular summertime gathering point. It includes three outdoor swimming pools, a splash zone for toddlers, playground, basketball and tennis courts.  Winter activities include ice skating, hockey, cross country skiing, sledding, and snowmobiling.  Admission to the pool area is restricted to town residents and their guests under a fee-based system.
Bethlehem Central Middle School: This was built as the senior high school in the Federal style.  Over the years it has had several additions. Its facilities include outdoor tennis courts, basketball courts, softball fields, running track, cross country trails, and soccer fields.  These facilities are open to the public when the school is not in session. The high school was moved to a new building and this was adapted as a middle school.
Delaware Plaza: A shopping plaza built in the 1950s, located on Delaware Avenue in Elsmere.  Delaware Plaza is home to a large supermarket (Hannaford) as well as some 30 other shops and restaurants.
Delmar post office: Built in the late 1930s during the Depression, it is the only one of the 13 Colonial Revival-style New York post offices designed by Louis Simon to lack a cupola.
Albany County Helderberg-Hudson Rail Trail: Made from the preexisting path of the Delaware and Hudson railroad. The tracks have since been removed and is currently paved from Tollgate in New Scotland to the Port of Albany (roughly the Corner of Lexi Lane and S. Pearl Street).

 Politics 
Town government had been dominated for over 120 years by the Republican Party.  That changed in 2003 with the election of Democrat Theresa Egan as town supervisor. On the town board, Democrat Dan Plummer, along with Independence Party member Tim Gordon, created a new working Democratic majority for the first time in recollection.  The Democrats further solidified their majority in 2005. On April 11, 2007, Supervisor Egan resigned her position in favor of a high-level appointment to the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles, and Jack Cunningham was appointed supervisor by the board. Cunningham was elected to the position in the fall of 2007, then ran for reelection in November 2009, when he was defeated by council member Sam Messina.  Messina, a member of the Independence Party (and former member of the Democratic Party), ran on the Republican line.
When the Republican Party chose to endorse Democratic town board member Kyle Kotary for town supervisor in May 2011, then-Supervisor Messina announced he would not seek reelection. John Clarkson defeated Kotary in the Democratic primary for the supervisor position in September 2011, and Clarkson subsequently defeated Kotary, running on the Republican line, in the general election in November 2011.  Clarkson was sworn in as Bethlehem's supervisor on January 2, 2012. He served 3 terms and was succeeded by Democrat David VanLuven, who was first elected in November 2017. He ran unopposed for reelection in 2019.
Following the 2019 elections, Democrats were reelected to the town supervisor position, the town clerk position, the receiver of taxes position, both town justices and three of four seats on the town board. Additionally, a Democrat, Marc Dorsey, was elected superintendent of highways.In the 2021 election, Democrats won all town offices: supervisor, clerk, town justice, superintendent of highways, and two town board seats. Following this election, Democrats control every local elected position in the town.

 Education 
Most town residents live within the Bethlehem Central School District. The town operates five public elementary schools – Eagle, Elsmere, Glenmont, Hamagrael, and Slingerlands. A sixth elementary school, Clarksville, was closed indefinitely at the end of the 2010–2011 school year.  The building remains property of the Bethlehem Central School District and is currently leased to the Albany County Sheriff's Department.  According to the District web site, Clarksville school will remain closed for the indefinite future due to declining enrollment and economic issues.
Bethlehem Central School District Elementary schools include students up to grade 5.  The Bethlehem Central Middle School educates children in grades 6, 7 and 8, while the Bethlehem Central High School includes grades 9–12.
The town also includes the School of Saint Thomas the Apostle, a Catholic school for grades K–8 located across from the Catholic Church. Additionally, an independent school known as Bethlehem Children's School exists for students in K–8, offering a creative, child centered environmental education approach to learning.
The school district offers Continuing Education classes in a variety of topics for adult learners of all ages. The school district also provides busing and most textbooks for families who choose to educate their children in private schools.
Residents in the hamlet of North Bethlehem are part of the Guilderland Central School District. Residents in the hamlets of Selkirk and South Bethlehem are part of the Ravena-Coeymans-Selkirk Central School District. One of the two elementary schools of the district, Albertus W. Becker Elementary School, is in Selkirk.

 Geography 

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 49.6 square miles (128 km2), of which 48.8 square miles (126 km2)  is land and 0.8 square miles (2.1 km2)  (1.55%) is water.

 Location and adjacent areas 
The town is in Albany County, New York. The eastern town line, defined by the Hudson River, is the border of Rensselaer County. To the north, the town shares a border with Albany, and the town of Guilderland.  To the west is the town of New Scotland, and to the south is the town of Coeymans.
The New York State Thruway (Interstate 87) passes through the town.  The town is also served by the CDTA number 13 (New Scotland Avenue), 18 (Delaware Avenue), and 19 (Voorheesville) buses.

 Demographics 
As of the census of 2000, there were 31,304 people, 12,112 households, and 8,551 families residing in the town.  The population density was 641.3 inhabitants per square mile (247.6/km2).  There were 12,459 housing units at an average density of 255.2 per square mile (98.5/km2).  The racial makeup of the town was 94.74% White, 2.26% African American, 0.15% Native American, 1.66% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.31% from other races, and 0.84% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.74% of the population.
There were 12,112 households, out of which 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.0% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.4% were non-families. 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.06.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 27.5% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 27.1% from 25 to 44, 25.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.5 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $63,169, and the median income for a family was $77,211. Males had a median income of $52,433 versus $36,739 for females. The per capita income for the town was $31,492.  About 2.3% of families and 3.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 3.6% of those under age 18 and 2.8% of those age 65 or over.

 Notable people 
E. G. Squier (1821-1888), archaeologist and newspaper editor
Megyn Kelly, NBC, formerly Fox News anchor, Bethlehem Central graduate
Eva Marie Saint, American actress who has starred in films, on Broadway, and on television in a career spanning seven decades.
James Charles, makeup artist, first male spokesmodel for CoverGirl, Bethlehem Central graduate
Josh Eppard, drummer of Coheed & Cambria
Frances S. Curry, United States Medal of Honor recipient. Lived in Selkirk
Matt Quatraro, manager, Kansas City Royals
Bill Karins, NBC News meteorologist
Ed O'Keefe, CBS News political correspondent

 Communities and locations in Bethlehem 

 Official Hamlets 
Delmar: hamlet near the center of the town and the location of the town government. Formerly known as Adamsville.*
Elsmere: hamlet east of and adjacent to Delmar.
Glenmont: hamlet in the eastern part of the town.
North Bethlehem: hamlet at the north town line in the northeastern part of the town.
Selkirk: hamlet east of South Bethlehem.
Slingerlands: hamlet immediately west of Delmar and near the western town line.
South Bethlehem: hamlet in the southern part of the town.

 Unofficial Hamlets 
Beckers Corners: hamlet in the south part of the town at Route 9W.
Bethlehem Center: hamlet in the northeastern part of the town.
Bethlehem Heights: community east of South Bethlehem, and often associated with it.
Callahans Corners: location at the southwestern corner of the town.
Cedar Hill: hamlet in the southeastern part of the town, east of the Thruway.
Henry Hudson Park: park east of Cedar Hill at the Hudson River.
Houcks Corners: hamlet south of Delmar.
Mallorys Corners: location in the southern part of the town.
Meyers Corners: location in the southern section  of the town.
Normansville: hamlet in the northern part of the town.
Spawn Hollow: community in the southwestern corner of the town, often associated with South Bethlehem.
South Albany: hamlet in the southern section of the town, north of South Bethlehem.
Wemple: hamlet in the southeastern part of the town.

 Transportation 

 Electric power facilities 

 Bethlehem Energy Center 
Pursuant to Article X of the Public Service Law, PSEG Energy Resource & Trade LLC (originally filed by Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation (NMPC) in 1998) was granted a Certificate of Environmental Compatibility and Public Need for a 750-megawatt (MW) combined cycle natural gas powered plant in 2002. The project went into service in July 2005. There are three combustion turbines whose exhaust creates steam to drive a steam turbine. All of the turbines are manufactured by General Electric. It uses an air-cooled condenser to reduce water draw. It is located on a 186-acre former industrial area that was owned by NMPC and housed the former 376 MW coal-powered Albany Steam Station. NMPC sold the land to PSEG in 2000. In 2017, the Bethlehem Energy Center (BEC), as it is also known, injected 5,303 GWh of electric energy into the electric transmission system. This is equivalent to operating at full capacity for approximately 73.4% of the year. For comparison, the capital region consumed 11,823 GWh of electric energy in 2017. Its power is sold into the electric wholesale market administered by the NYISO.
As a requirement of its certificate, PSEG created an estuary to offset the industrial development of the plant (1.5 acres of new wetland for every acre of newly industrialized area) with fish stocking included.In 2015, the BEC filed for an amendment of their Article X certificate to increase the certificate power generation amount by around 36 MW. This increase corresponded to an upgrade in turbine components and software from GE. A noise study was commissioned to evaluate any possible noise impact on the local community. The amendment was granted noting that there would not be an increase in air emissions or facility footprint. There was a corresponding 78.1 MW increase in its summer capacity market offering capability between the 2015 NYISO Gold Book and the 2018 NYISO Gold Book. In its 2018 adopted budget, the Town of Bethlehem noted a revenue of  $214,941 from payments in lieu of taxes most of which can be assumed to come from the BEC. For comparison, the Town of Bethlehem noted a total budget of about $42 million for 2018.

 References 

 External links 

Bethlehem official website

Mactaquac Dam
The Mactaquac Dam is an embankment dam used to generate hydroelectricity in Mactaquac, New Brunswick.  It dams the waters of the Saint John River and is operated by NB Power with a capacity to generate 670 megawatts of electricity from 6 turbines; this represents 20 percent of New Brunswick's power demand.

 Location 
Formally called the Mactaquac Generating Station, the dam and power house are located approximately 19 km (12 mi) upstream from the city of Fredericton.  The dam is an embankment dam consisting of a rock-fill structure sealed by clay.  It combines with two concrete spill-ways to form an arch across a narrow section of the river between the communities of Kingsclear on the west bank, and Keswick Ridge on the east bank.

 Construction 
Rising 40 metres in height above the river level, the reservoir (referred to locally as the "head pond" or Lake Mactaquac) covers 87 square kilometres and extends 96 kilometres upstream, near Woodstock.  The dam and powerhouse are a "run of the river" design, meaning that the reservoir has no additional holding capacity in the event of unusually high water flows, such as during the spring freshet.
Kingsclear, NB is the site of an Atlantic Salmon fish hatchery, located immediately downstream from the dam.  The Mactaquac Dam also has a fishway to catch salmon and transport them upriver.
The dam also serves as a locally important public road bridge across the Saint John River, linking provincial highways 102 and 105 on the south and north sides of the river.

 Flooding of the Mactaquac Headpond 
Electrical generation began in 1968 after the reservoir, Mactaquac Lake, had completely filled.  The flooding of the valley resulted in the displacement of several thousand residents and land owners in areas such as Bear Island and other small communities, as well as the abandonment of a Canadian National Railway line and numerous local roads and small rural communities.  A historic waterfall called the Pokiok Falls was also submerged as the reservoir filled.
Some new infrastructure was also built as part of the planned flooding of the Saint John River valley.  The provincial government built Highway 2 (the Trans Canada Highway) along the southwestern shoreline of the flooded valley.  Since 2002, this road has been bypassed and is now designated Highway 102.  The Hawkshaw Bridge, a cable-stayed suspension bridge, was constructed across the valley from Hawkshaw to Southampton.  At the time of construction in 1967, the bridge was high above the valley floor and the original river level.  The planned town of Nackawic-Millville, New Brunswick and the nearby St. Anne Nackawic pulp and paper mill were also built to accommodate the new reservoir and the new electrical power opportunities.  Closer to the dam, the Mactaquac Provincial Park, including a marina and beach was also built.
Following the success of preserving historic buildings at Upper Canada Village when the upper St. Lawrence River valley was flooded by the Long Sault Dam, the government of New Brunswick created the King's Landing Historical Settlement to save several buildings which would otherwise have been flooded by the Mactaquac Headpond.

 Lifespan 
The concrete portions of the dam (namely the spill-ways) are currently experiencing a problem of expanding concrete.  When built, locally quarried greywacke was used as the aggregate and is responsible for an alkali-aggregate reaction expansion.  The dam is being monitored and extra maintenance work is being performed. The maintenance involves an annual cutting of the dam whereby a cutting cable with teeth is run through the entire structure essentially cutting the dam in half. This allows the dam to continue expanding whilst limiting internal stresses on the structure. 
The reduced lifespan of the spillway and dam was first brought to the attention of the provincial government in 2000 when projections by NB Power at that time had placed the dam's end-of-life at 2028, instead of the original 100-year lifespan of 2068. NB Power officials would not say at that time how much it would cost, nor when those costs would show up on the utility's accounts.On October 1, 2014, NB Power officials presented 3 options for the facility to the provincial utility regulator, the New Brunswick Energy and Utilities Board.  A decision will have to be made by 2030 to either restore or decommission as follows:

Re-power the dam by replacing the spillway and the powerhouse;
No continued power generation, maintain the headpond by replacing the spillway but not the powerhouse;
Remove the spillway, powerhouse and earthen dam and restore the river to its original state.All 3 options have a minimum cost of $2 billion (as of 2014), however, the first option also has an additional cost of $1–3 billion and the third option has not had a complete cost estimate provided.In December 2016, the utility announced that it would refurbish the plant to extend its useful life back to 2068 at a cost of between $2.8 to $3.6 billion. While some local residents were pleased by the announcement, the Kingsclear Maliseet First Nation, located on the riverbank opposite the dam, were "deeply disappointed".NB Power entered into a technical assistance agreement with Hydro-Québec on January 10, 2020. The Quebec utility will provide assistance with repairing AAR damage to the concrete structures, reducing the cost of renovating the dam. The agreement also provides the New Brunswick with utility replacement power for the duration of the project.

 Inspiration for arts and culture 
The building of the dam was the inspiration for Riel Nason’s 2011 novel The Town That Drowned, published by Goose Lane Editions. The fictional book, winner of the 2012 Commonwealth Book Prize, is set in the 1960s near Pokiok Falls, where the characters learn their homes will soon be swallowed by the rising water.

 References 

 External links 

NB Power Corporation
Mactaquac Country Chamber of Commerce
Mactaquac Dam at Structurae
http://www.mactaquac.ca/

James Oglethorpe
James Edward Oglethorpe (22 December 1696 – 30 June 1785) was a British soldier, Member of Parliament, and philanthropist, and the founder of the Province of Georgia in what was then colonial-era British America. As a social reformer, he hoped to resettle Britain's "worthy poor" in the New World, initially focusing on those in debtors' prisons.
Born to a prominent British family, Oglethorpe left college in England and a British Army commission to travel to France, where he attended a military academy before fighting under Prince Eugene of Savoy in the Austro-Turkish War. He returned to England in 1718 and was elected to the House of Commons in 1722. His early years were relatively undistinguished until 1729, when Oglethorpe was made chair of the Gaols Committee that investigated British debtors' prisons. After the report was published, to widespread attention, Oglethorpe and others began publicizing the idea of a new colony, to serve as a buffer between the Carolinas and Spanish Florida. After being granted a charter, Oglethorpe sailed to Georgia in November 1732.
He was a major figure in the early history of the colony, holding much civil and military power and instituting a ban on slavery and alcohol. During the War of Jenkins' Ear,  Oglethorpe led British troops in Georgia against Spanish forces based in Florida. In 1740, he led a lengthy siege of St. Augustine, which was unsuccessful. He then defeated a Spanish invasion of Georgia in 1742. Oglethorpe left the colony after another unsuccessful invasion of St. Augustine and never returned. He led some government troops in the Jacobite rising of 1745 and was blamed for British defeat in the Clifton Moor Skirmish. Despite being cleared in a court martial, Oglethorpe never held British command again. He lost reelection to the House of Commons in 1754. He left England and may have served undercover in the Prussian Army during the Seven Years' War. In his later years, Oglethorpe was prominent in literary circles, becoming close to James Boswell and Samuel Johnson.

 Early life and family 
His family history dates back to William the Conqueror. They supported Charles I, an unpopular monarch. They suffered under Oliver Cromwell, but regained favor following the Stuart Restoration in 1660. Theophilus Oglethorpe, the head of the family, lived next to the royal palace at Whitehall; he and his brothers were members of Parliament. At Whitehall Theophilus met Eleanor Wall, one of Queen Anne's ladies-in-waiting, and the two fell in love and married in 1680. They had ten children: Lewis, Anne, Eleanor, Theophilus Jr., James, Frances Charlotte, Sutton, Louise Mary, and James Edward. James Edward was the Oglethorpes' youngest child and their fifth son. He was born on 22 December 1696. Little is known about Oglethorpe's early life. He was named James after James II, reflecting his family's royalist sympathies, and Edward after James Francis Edward Stuart. Oglethorpe was baptized on 23 December at St Martin-in-the-Fields in London.

 Early military career 
Oglethorpe's father bought him a commission in Queen Anne's 1st Regiment of Foot Guards as an ensign in 1707, he was commissioned to be lieutenant unassigned on 21 November 1713 with the rank of captain of foot (infantry). Following in the footsteps of his older brothers, he entered Eton College. His mother managed to have him enter Corpus Christi College, Oxford, where he matriculated on 8 July 1714 with Basil Kennett as his tutor. His army commission was renewed in 1715 by King George I, but he resigned on 23 November 1715, in part because the Foot Guards were not expected to see action.Oglethorpe then traveled to France, where both his sisters Anne and Fanny lived, he attended the military academy at Lompres, near Paris, where he met and befriended fellow-student James Francis Edward Keith. The following year, intending to fight in the Austro-Turkish War, he travelled to serve under military commander Prince Eugene of Savoy. With a letter of recommendation from the Duke of Argyle and several other prominent Britons, Oglethorpe and Louis François Crozat arrived and with Infante Manuel, Count of Ourém entered the Prince's service on 3 August as an aides-de-camp. Oglethorpe was present but not actively engaged in the Battle of Petrovaradin in August 1716. At the siege of Temeşvar in September that same year, he served as aide-de-camp. He found active command at the siege of Belgrade from 19 June to 16 August. After the death of his superior in combat, on 16 August, Oglethorpe as the most senior aide-de-camp acted as adjutant general; as such he took possession of the Turkish camp, and reported to the Prince the casualty report. After the battle, he was offered the rank of lieutenant colonel in the army— which he never accepted.Oglethorpe then fought in Sicily under General Georg Olivier Wallis in 1718 for several weeks. By 19 September, he had returned to England. Despite his hope otherwise, Oglethorpe was refused a commission in the British Army and was briefly back at Corpus Christi beginning on 25 June 1719.

 As a Member of Parliament 
When he was twenty-six, Oglethorpe inherited the family estate at Godalming in Surrey from his brother. He was first elected to the House of Commons as a Tory aligned with William Wyndham in 1722, representing Haslemere. Oglethorpe remained unchallenged until 1734. He almost did not serve when, in a drunken brawl, he killed a man and spent five months in prison, before he was cleared of murder through the influence of a powerful friend and released from prison. He took his seat in the House of Commons on 9 October.Oglethorpe was, according to Pitofsky, "among the least productive representatives," who notes that in the six years after he was first elected, he was actively involved in only two debates. In contrast, Sweet writes that Oglethorpe was an "eloquent yet honest" speaker who had strong Tory principals and genuinely cared about the conditions of his constituents, citing that his service on forty different committees that investigated widely varied topics. His first participation in debate was on 6 April 1723, unsuccessfully opposing the banishment of the bishop Francis Atterbury, who had been accused of supporting James Francis Edward Stuart.In response to the poor living and working conditions of sailors in the Royal Navy, Oglethorpe published an anonymous pamphlet titled "The Sailors Advocate" in 1728 about press gangs and pay issues. It was 52 pages long and argued for reforming and strengthening the Navy and against impressment. However, he proposed few real solutions apart from analysing the work of navies of other countries. Sweet considers that it marks the beginning of Oglethorpe's philanthropy and writes that it "gave Oglethorpe the practical experience necessary to undertake future efforts more successfully". The pamphlet was reprinted several times throughout the 18th century.

 Gaols Committee 
In the late 1720s, Oglethorpe's attentions were drawn to the conditions of debtors' prisons after his friend, Robert Castell, was sent to Fleet Prison and eventually died. Oglethorpe motioned to investigate the warden of the prison, and was made chairman of the resulting committee on 25 February 1729. As chair of the Gaols Committee, he began touring debtors' prisons in late February and the following month finished the first of three detailed reports presented to parliament. In the reports various abuses in the prisons were profiled, including torturing, overcrowding, and widespread disease. The reports particularly attacked Thomas Bambridge, the warden of Fleet Prison, where Castell had died. He urged for reform of the prisons, mainly through prosecution of those in charge of them. Most of the blame was laid on the individual prison wardens, rather than the system as a whole. While these reports attracted much attention, there was little real change. The investigation ended on 14 May.In the aftermath (the final report was presented on 8 May 1730), Oglethorpe and the committee were praised by prominent Britons such as Alexander Pope, James Thomson, Samuel Wesley, and William Hogarth. Pitofsky writes that there was seemingly a "great deal of popular support for the committee". However, Conservative members of the House of Commons attempted to prevent much change through deriding members of the committee as "amateurs and zealots" and preventing the wardens from being jailed. On 3 April 1730, a bill drafted by Oglethorpe was presented to the House; it would have removed Bambridge from his position. It was adopted in a revised form six weeks later by both Houses. However, recommendations for a bill to better oversee Fleet Prison were discarded. In the trial of William Acton for murdering four debtors, Acton was acquitted. Oglethorpe felt that the proceedings had been manipulated. Bambridge was acquitted of charges as well. Oglethorpe denounced both acquittals. Shortly afterwards, Oglethorpe disbanded the committee. He led another committee of the same nature in 1754.

 Other stances and later service 
Oglethorpe, a committed advocate against alcohol, proposed a tax on malt in the same session the Gaols Committee was authorized. He argued against a royal grant of 115,000 pounds to cover arrearages, considering it extravagant. Oglethorpe also initially opposed Britain being involved in making peace in Europe, but by 1730 had begun advocating military preparedness. Oglethorpe served on a committee investigating the Charitable Corporation after its 1731 collapse. In the 1732 Parliamentary session, he staunchly opposed the administration's policy of disarmament and continued to emphasize the need for preparedness. Although Oglethorpe held his seat until 1754, after he left for Georgia he was rarely involved in parliamentary affairs, and after Robert Walpole lost his power in 1742 Oglethorpe lost most of his remaining influence and primarily held office in opposition to those who held power.

 Establishment of Georgia 

While working on the Gaols Committee, Oglethorpe met and became close to John Perceval (who later became the first Earl of Egmont). After leaving the committee, Oglethorpe considered sending around a hundred unemployed people from London to America. In 1730, Oglethorpe shared a plan to establish a new American colony with Perceval. The colony would be a place to send "the unemployed and the unemployable", and he anticipated broad societal support.  He was soon granted 5,000 pounds for the colony by the trustees of the estate of a man named King. Oglethorpe began looking for other sources of funding and met Thomas Bray, a reverend and philanthropist. Bray, in failing health by 1730, had founded the Bray Associates to continue his humanitarian work. Perceval was a trustee of the associates, and Oglethorpe was made a trustee in February 1730, the same month that Bray died. Although initially there was no set location for the colony, Oglethorpe settled on America on 1 April. It soon became clear that a colony south of the Savannah River would be supported by the House of Commons, as it could serve as a 'buffer' between the prosperous Carolinas and Spanish Florida, and Oglethorpe picked the region on 26 June. People sent to the colony would serve as both soldiers and farmers, making the colony "South Carolina's first line of defence". In July, they started campaigns to raise money through subscription and grants.The Bray Associates determined to put "all available funds" towards the colony on 1 July, and they presented a charter to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom on 17 September. On 12 November, the Bray Associates announced a plan to increase support for their proposed colony through a promotional campaign, which mainly consisted of producing promotional literature. Baine writes that beginning in 1730, Oglethorpe "directed the promotional campaign and wrote, or edited, almost all of the promotional literature until he sailed for Georgia". The first written work about the proposal was by Oglethorpe and titled Some accounts of the design of the trustees for establishing colonys in America. Though it was finished in spring 1731 and never published, Benjamin Martyn drew on it when writing his 1732 book Some Account of the Designs of the Trustees for Establishing the Colony of Georgia in America.Oglethorpe arranged for Martyn's work to be widely read; in addition to being independently published, it appeared in The London Journal, the Country Journal, the Gentlemen's Magazine, and the South Carolina Gazette. Various notices seeking donations and people willing to emigrate to the colony were published in other English newspapers. In November 1732, Oglethorpe had Select Tracts Relating to Colonies published. In 1733, Reasons for Establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, written by Martyn, and A New and Accurate Account of the Provinces of South-Carolina and Georgia, by Oglethorpe, were published. Oglethorpe is thought to have paid for the publication of Select Tracts and A New and Accurate Account. In 1732, Oglethorpe advocated for extending Thomas Lombe's patent on a silk engine.In June 1732, Oglethorpe, Perceval, Martyn, and a group of other prominent Britons (collectively known as the Trustees for the Establishment of the Colony of Georgia in America) petitioned for and were eventually granted a royal charter to establish the colony of Georgia between the Savannah River and the Altamaha River on 9 June 1732. The following month they selected the first group to send to the colony from wide-ranging applications. Oglethorpe's mother had died on 19 June, and he decided to join the group and travel to Georgia. He was formally placed in charge of publicizing the Georgia colony on 3 August.That summer, a letter written by Ayuba Suleiman Diallo, an enslaved merchant, reached Oglethorpe. He purchased and freed Diallo. Oglethorpe, who had been made a director or assistant of the Royal African Company in January 1731 and elected a deputy governor in 1732, sold his stock and resigned after the 'Diallo incident' and shortly before leaving for Georgia. Oglethorpe set sail from Gravesend for Georgia with 114 others on the Anne on 15 or 17 November 1732.

 In Georgia 
The Anne reached Charleston, South Carolina, on 13 January 1733. When they arrived in Georgia 1 February 1733, Spalding notes that Oglethorpe chose to settle "as far from the Spanish as he geographically could". As Spain disliked their presence in the region, Oglethorpe was careful to maintain good relations with the Native Americans who lived in the region. Left for England and expanded Georgia further south when he returned. When Oglethorpe returned to England in 1737 he was confronted by both angry British and Spanish governments. That year, Oglethorpe granted land to 40 Jewish settlers against the orders of the Georgia trustees.On 4 December 1731, Oglethorpe entered into a partnership with Jean-Pierre Pury to settle land in South Carolina. He gained a 1/4 stake in a 3,000-acre (1,200 ha) plot of land. His holdings, termed the 'Oglethorpe Barony' were located at the 'Palachocolas', a crossing of the Savannah River in Granville County. He may have held the tract, around 2,060 acres (830 ha), for the trustees. From 1732 to 1738, Oglethorpe was the de facto leader of Georgia and dominated both the military and the civil aspects of the country. From 1738 to 1743 he commanded a British regiment and was also involved in civil affairs before returning to England. While he was involved with the colony, Oglethorpe was the most prominent trustee and the only one to actually live in the colony. He was also involved in mapping the colony.Oglethorpe founded the still-active Solomon's Masonic Lodge in 1734.

 Early influence 
Oglethorpe and the trustees formulated a contractual, multi-tiered plan for the settlement of Georgia (see the Oglethorpe Plan). The plan envisioned a system of "agrarian equality", designed to support and perpetuate an economy based on family farming, and prevent social disintegration associated with unregulated urbanisation. Land ownership was limited to fifty acres (20 ha), a grant that included a town lot, a garden plot near town, and a forty-five-acre (18 ha) farm. Self-supporting colonists were able to obtain larger grants, but such grants were structured in fifty acres (20 ha) increments tied to the number of indentured servants supported by the grantee. Servants would receive a land grant of their own upon completing their term of service. No-one was permitted to acquire additional land through purchase or inheritance.Despite arriving in Georgia with relatively limited power, Oglethorpe soon became the main authority in the colony. Lannen writes that he "became everything to everyone". He negotiated with the Yamacraw—becoming the colony's ambassador to native tribes—commanded the militia, directed the building of Savannah and otherwise generally supervised the colony. In early 1733, "every matter of importance was brought first to Oglethorpe". He lived in a tent separated from the rest of the colonists; some of them called him "father". Oglethorpe paid for the construction of a 'first fort' to protect Savannah, but it was not completed. He invited talented foreigners to immigrate to the colony. In June 1733, Oglethorpe traveled to Charleston. In his absence, the citizens of Savannah had a disagreement over the authority of the man left in charge. They waited for Oglethorpe to return and resolve it. It was not until July that a separate court was established, but Oglethorpe continued to hold much civil power.When Oglethorpe arrived in Georgia, Native Americans were well into the process of integration with the Europeans. He saw Native Americans as participants in the new economy Europeans brought to America. Weaver notes that he was known for "fair dealing with the Indians". He negotiated with Tomochichi, chief of the Yamacraw tribe for land to build Savannah on. Tomochichi became Oglethope's "strongest ally in the New World."
As there were rumors a war with France might break out in early 1734, Oglethorpe traveled to Charleston, arriving on 2 March. While there he discussed Indian affairs and, after conferencing with the leadership of the Carolinas, decided to raise a company to build "a fort among the Upper Creek" that would counter French influence in the area and serve as a safe house for traders should a war break out between native tribes. Oglethorpe commissioned Patrick Mackay a captain and delegated the task to him. On 7 May, Oglethorpe departed for Britain aboard HMS Aldborough, taking with him a Creek delegation, including Tomochichi, who was invited by the Georgia trustees to be present during the formal ratification of Oglethorpe's treaty with the Yamacraw.The delegation arrived on 16 June, and met King George II and his family at Kensington Palace. Oglethorpe was widely acclaimed in London, although his expansionism was not welcomed in all quarters. The Duke of Newcastle, who directed British foreign policy, had tried to restrain Oglethorpe's efforts in the colony for fear of offending the Spaniards, whom Newcastle wished unsuccessfully to court as an ally. Newcastle eventually relented, and became a supporter of the colony, admitting "it will now be pretty difficult to give up Georgia". The colony's existence was one of several disputes which worsened Anglo-Spanish relations in the late 1730s. When Tomochichi returned to England, he said that parting with Oglethorpe was "like the day of death". In March 1735 the trustees requested 51,800 pounds from parliament, upon the urging of Oglethorpe, in part to construct forts along the Altamaha River. 26,000 pounds were eventually budgeted and the trustees approved construction of two forts on the river.Oglethorpe's return to England reinvigorated interest in meetings of Georgia's trustees. At his urging the trustees banned the sale of rum, slavery, and regulated negotiations with Native Americans. He was placed in charge of granting licenses to trade with Native Americans, a power that he used often, only granting the right to Georgians and causing Carolinian resentment. When Oglethorpe returned to England in 1734, he had left an authority vacuum behind. There was disagreement between the civil and military authorities while he was away; a reported insurrection played a role in his decision to return. In December 1735, he left for Georgia with 257 further immigrants to the colony, arriving in February 1736.For the nine months that he remained in the colony, Oglethorpe was mainly at Frederica, a town he laid out to function as a bulwark against Spanish interference, where he again held the most authority. He drilled soldiers and oversaw the construction of a fort. In May he traveled to Savannah and heard 300–400 complaints, serving as "supreme civil authority". Increasingly, however, Oglethorpe focused on Georgia's southern border and military matters. He remained confident in the belief that he was "best suited to govern". Oglethorpe also held a conference with the Natives as commissioner for Indian Affairs in 1736. Complaints about Oglethorpe's actions came from Spain, Carolina, the trustees, and discontented citizens. Oglethorpe left the colony in November to request a military regiment, leaving behind another power vacuum. Discontent increased, which Oglethorpe considered a symptom of his absence. In England, he convinced the trustees of his "impeccable conduct" and was thanked for his service.

 War of Jenkins' Ear 

When Oglethorpe left England the first time, Robert Walpole had ordered him to avoid intentional conflict with Spain. However, given the intended function of Georgia as a 'buffer', Oglethorpe considered conflict with Spain to be inevitable. When Oglethorpe returned to lobby for military aid in 1737, he began by requesting a grant of 30,000 pounds from parliament in January. He also requested unsuccessfully to be allowed to raise a militia, but was granted 20,000 pounds and made General of the Forces of South Carolina and Georgia. He was offered, but declined governorship of South Carolina. In 1737, Thomas Pelham-Holles granted him permission to raise the forty-second regiment for defense of Georgia's border with Spanish Florida.He was promoted to the rank of colonel on 10 September 1737. The following year, 246 soldiers of the 25th Regiment of Foot were incorporated into the regiment. After three further companies were recruited in England, the regiment was stationed at Fort Frederica. A Spanish invasion of the colony was planned in March 1738, but cancelled. In response to Oglethorpe gaining formal control of a regiment, other trustees—mainly Edward Vernon—became more vocal in insisting that Oglethorpe stay out of the colony's civil affairs. They also accused him of being an opportunist by starting to vote with Robert Walpole and felt Oglethorpe did not adequately keep the trustees informed of affairs in the colonies. Before allowing Oglethorpe to return to Georgia, they had "laboured to abridge his power". In October or September 1738 he returned to Frederica and soon had re-assumed his role as de facto leader of the colony.Oglethorpe began to prepare for a war after as early as 1738, raising additional troops and rented or purchased several boats after the Royal Navy refused to station a ship there. Oglethorpe spent his whole fortune, £103,395, on building up Georgia's defenses. He  allowed a pirate to attack Spanish shipping and worked to secure the support of the Native Americans in the area by meeting with them. He soon became very sick, and remained in poor health for the duration of the campaign. While Oglethorpe was preparing for war, he also worked to combine civil and military authority. He increasingly ignored the wishes of the other trustees, for instance not passing on a change in the land policy when he felt that the colonists would object to it. The War of Jenkins' Ear broke out in 1739.After receiving a letter from King George II on 7 September 1739, Oglethorpe began encouraging the Creek Indians to attack Spanish Florida. A mutiny by troops from Europe was quickly quelled. In response to a Spanish attack in November, he led 200 men in a raid on Florida, on 1 December. They penetrated as far as Fort Picolata, but retreated when it became clear they had insufficient firepower to take the fort. The troops were then ordered to attack the Castillo de San Marcos with support from Virginia and South Carolina. After Oglethorpe sent William Bull a list of the supplies he needed on 29 December, he launched an invasion on 1 January 1740, again with 200 men. They captured Fort Picolata and Fort San Francisco de Pupo, burning the former and claiming the latter for Georgia. After leaving some troops at de Pupa, Oglethorpe returned to Georgia on 11 January.
After South Carolina was slow in providing aid, Oglethorpe traveled to Charleston, and arrived on 23 March, where he spoke with the Commons House of Assembly. They eventually agreed to provide 300 of Oglethorpe's requested 800 men. The assembly also agreed to send provisions to keep the Native Americans on their side. Twenty South Carolinians arrived by 23 April and another hundred by 9 May. After receiving these men, Oglethorpe attacked Fort St. Diego on 10 May and had captured it by 12 May. On 18 May, the commander of South Carolina's regiment arrived and by the end of the month there were 376 members present. Its size peaked at 512 members, 47 volunteers, and 54 men who were to remain on the schooner Pearl. The colony also sent artillery and ships, leading Oglethorpe to conclude that South Carolina had given "all the assistance they could".Oglethorpe was also aided by some Native Americans. He struggled with a lack of equipment and skill needed to take a besieged city; there were no engineers, draft horses, or gunners. Upon his request, several other colonies sent supplies, notably Rhode Island and Virginia. The Royal Navy provided a poor blockade of St. Augustine, fully beginning only on 31 May. As early as April, St. Augustine had begun preparing for a siege. Throughout May and June, Oglethorpe planned how he would take the city. He initially planned for a siege and an assault, but this quickly proved impractical given his lack of supplies. Next, Oglethorpe instituted a blockade that was designed to starve the inhabitants of the city into surrender; this was accomplished with the Royal Navy and soldiers on the land. Fort San Francisco de Pupo was used to block supplies entering through the St. John's River.On 15 June, the main contingent of soldiers were resoundingly defeated by an attack by the Spaniards and Yamasee. Later that month, a flotilla aimed at reinforcing the city slipped through the blockade. As the navy was going to leave upon the start of the hurricane season on 5 July, Oglethorpe then planned to launch a combined assault, from the land and water. After delays, the plan was abandoned on 2 July when the navy announced an intent to leave on 4 July. He briefly considered holding the siege with 200 seamen and a sloop, but decided the idea was impractical. Finally, Oglethorpe was forced to abandon the siege. He commanded the rearguard during the retreat. The trustees presented a 1741 plan to divide Georgia into two sections, but Oglethorpe refused to work with them.Spain launched a counter-invasion of Georgia in 1742. Oglethorpe led his force in a defeat of Spain, decisively winning the Battle of Bloody Marsh. On 25 February 1742, he was made a brigadier general. He led another unsuccessful attack on St. Augustine in 1743. That year, William Stephens was named the president of Georgia. The appointment was a product of the trustees' frustration with Oglethorpe's lack of co-operation. He continued to hold practical control over Frederica and let Stephens control Savannah. Stephens' government began to not always defer to Oglethorpe's wishes, as did local officials. In response, Oglethorpe made another bid to hold his power, feeling Georgia functioned best "when there was no other but himself to direct and determine all controversies."The ODNB considers that Oglethorpe's "military contribution was of the very highest order and significance". While the loss of the siege of St. Augustine was attributed by some to Oglethorpe, Baine concludes that "Oglethorpe certainly made mistakes of generalship, but he was not the principal cause of its failure." The war ended in November 1748 and the 42nd Regiment of Foot was removed from Georgia. By 1749, the Trustees had lost most of their interest in Georgia, and they gave up its charter three years later.

 Slavery 

In what was known as the Georgia Experiment, Georgia initially banned black slavery in the colony. Oglethorpe opposed slavery because he felt that it prevented Georgia from serving as an effective buffer, because he felt slaves would work with the Spaniards to gain their freedom. Further, Georgia was not intended to develop an economy based on rice like the Carolinas and its economy was intended to be based on silk and wine, which made large-scale slavery unnecessary. He also felt that slavery would have a negative effect on "the manners and morality of Georgia's white inhabitants". After the urging of Oglethorpe and other trustees, slavery was banned by the House of Commons in 1735.
Devill take the Hindmost. - Colonial Record of Georgia, 1742, when his ban on slavery, enacted 1735, was becoming widely ignored by settlers.
Oglethorpe was heavily criticized by many for supporting the ban in the late 1730s, and after his return to England the trustees requested that the ban be ended in 1750. It has been suggested, first by William Stephens in his diary, that Oglethorpe held slaves on his land in South Carolina while slavery was banned in Georgia, but Wilkins writes that the veracity of the claim is "uncertain"—there is no direct evidence supporting it—and he concludes that "the probability appears low that [...] Oglethorpe owned slaves." 

 Return to England 
Oglethorpe returned to England on 28 September 1743, after the last attack on St. Augustine failed. He continued to be somewhat involved in the colony's affairs, attempting to stop a distinction being established between holding civil and military power, but he never returned to Georgia and generally was uninterested in the activities of the trustees. Oglethorpe was subject to a court-martial, in which it was alleged he misused funds. He was acquitted after two days.Oglethorpe married Elizabeth Wright on 15 September 1744.Oglethorpe fought in the British Army during the Jacobite rising of 1745. By then a major general, he took command of troops that were mustering in York, England, about 600 men. Scots invading under Charles Edward Stuart penetrated into England. Oglethorpe was tasked with intercepting retreating Scots before they reached Preston, Lancashire, in December 1745. On the 17th, he was initially ordered to engage with the rear of the Scots, led by George Murray, at Shap. The orders were amended to trap the Scots in town early the next morning upon Oglethorpe's intelligence, but the Scots left as the orders were changed. The following day, Oglethorpe travelled to Clifton in Westmorland and took a bridge from the Scots before the Clifton Moor Skirmish that evening. At the skirmish, the British were defeated. Because Oglethorpe had allowed Scots to escape from Shap, he was blamed with the defeat, accused of disobeying orders, and potentially being a Jacobite. The following year, Oglethorpe was court martialled for his actions. After a lengthy defense, he was acquitted by a panel of twelve high-ranking military officials, led by Thomas Wentworth. On 19 September 1747, Oglethorpe was promoted to lieutenant general. However, the Duke of Cumberland, who had been in command at Clifton Moor, 'blacklisted' Oglethorpe from holding command.He then worked on various reform efforts, with little success, until Oglethorpe and Philip Russell lost their parliamentary seats to James More Molyneux and Philip Carteret Webb in 1754. Oglethorpe's loss has been attributed to his moving to Essex and supporting the Jewish Naturalisation Act, but Baine considers that the election was "rigged against him". Webb and Molyneux gained control of the constituency's steward, bailiff, and constable. They allowed more voters to be admitted than were qualified, in a process known as faggot voting. Around fifty more people voted in the 1754 election than had the previous cycle, in stark contrast to voter numbers that had remained essentially the same since Oglethorpe was elected. While Oglethorpe and Burrell protested to parliament, the election results were upheld.

 Retirement and death 
Little is known about Oglethorpe's later life. He served on the committee of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children and was a member of the Committee to encourage British fisheries. After retirement, he became friends with various literary figures in London, including Samuel Johnson, James Boswell, Hannah More, and Oliver Goldsmith. Oglethorpe and Boswell became particularly close. Boswell and Johnson offered to write a biography of Oglethorpe, and Boswell began to collect materials, but no such volume was ever published.From 1755 to 1761 Oglethorpe was out of England. Very little is known about what he did over these six years; they are referred to as his "missing years". On 22 September, he had unsuccessfully petitioned George III to reactivate his Georgia regiment, and by 9 December Oglethorpe had left England and arrived in Rotterdam. There he requested a position in the military of Prussia from his friend James Francis Edward Keith, whom Oglethorpe had fought with in the 1710s. There are no records of what happened to Oglethorpe in the five years after he wrote a letter to Keith on 3 May 1756. Boswell wrote that he "went abroad in 1756 to his freind [sic] Keith [...] fought in the army" and "was with Keith when killed". Baine concludes that Oglethorpe took the pseudonym 'John Tebay' and likely joined the Prussian Army in mid to late 1756. He was likely with Keith and Frederick the Great during the campaigns of the Seven Years' War. He probably left the army to visit family over part of the winter. In early 1758, Oglethorpe was almost discovered by Joseph Yorke, an Englishman. He was wounded at a battle on 14 October. Keith reportedly fell into Oglethorpe's arms when he was killed at the Battle of Hochkirch. He left the army in March 1759 and had returned to England by October 1761.In May 1768, during the French conquest of Corsica, Oglethorpe pseudonymously published three essays in support of Corsican independence. He advocated strongly in favor of their independence, along with Boswell.As colonists in America became increasingly vocal about perceived injustices, Oglethorpe did not publicly speak out, though he privately sympathized with them. From June 1777 to April 1778, Oglethorpe and Granville Sharp unsuccessfully attempted to convince the British leadership to end the war and give the colonists rights as full Englishmen. There was a claim that Oglethorpe was offered refusal to command the British Army in the American Revolutionary War, a claim that Spalding notes scholars have been "unable to discover a shred of truth" to. In June 1785, Oglethorpe met John Adams twice in London.Oglethorpe died on 1 July 1785, at an estate in Cranham in Essex, to the east of London. He was 88. The cause of death is unknown, though it is thought to have been a disease like influenza that worsened into pneumonia.

 Legacy and memorials 
In Atlanta, Oglethorpe University and Oglethorpe Park were named after him, while in the state at large, he is the namesake for both Oglethorpe County and the town of Oglethorpe. Also, The James Oglethorpe Primary School in Cranham is named after him.
In 1986, the corps of cadets at the University of North Georgia in Dahlonega, Georgia officially adopted the name of the unit as the "Boar's Head Brigade". The name came from the boar's head on the department crest approved by the U.S. Army adjutant general on 11 August 1937. The boar's head was a part of the family crest of James Oglethorpe, and is a symbol of fighting spirit and hospitality so deeply a part of Georgia's heritage and the spirit of the corps of cadets at the University of North Georgia.All Saints' Church in Cranham, where Oglethorpe was buried, was rebuilt c. 1871. However, the new church stands on the same foundations as the old one, and Oglethorpe's poetic marble memorial is on the south wall of the chancel, as before. In the 1930s, the president of Oglethorpe University Thornwell Jacobs excavated the Oglethorpe family vault in the centre of the chancel at All Saints', although permission to translate the General's relics to a purpose-built shrine at Oglethorpe University (Atlanta) had been refused by the archdeacon.The James Oglethorpe Monument in Chippewa Square, Savannah, Georgia, created by sculptor Daniel Chester French and architect Henry Bacon, was unveiled in 1910. Oglethorpe faces south, toward Georgia's one-time enemy in Spanish Florida, and his sword is drawn. Another of Savannah's squares, Oglethorpe Square, is named for him.
The city of Fort Oglethorpe in Catoosa and Walker County, Georgia is named for him.
Oglethorpian anniversaries have since led to the donation of the altar rail at All Saints' by a ladies charity in Georgia. In 1996, then Georgia Governor Zell Miller attended Oglethorpe tercentenary festivities in Godalming and at Corpus Christi College, Oxford.Corpus Christi College holds two portraits of Oglethorpe, a drawing of the general as an old man, which hangs in the Senior Common Room, and a portrait in oils, which hangs in the Breakfast Room.

 See also 
Fort Frederica National Monument
Battle of Bloody Marsh
Dungeness
Georgia Experiment
Oglethorpe Plan

 Notes 

 References 

 Sources 

 Books 
Axtell, James (1997). The Indians' New South: Cultural Change in the Colonial Southeast. Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 978-0-8071-4222-6.
Ettinger, A.A.; Spalding, P. (1984). Oglethorpe, a Brief Biography. Mercer. ISBN 978-0-86554-110-8.
Ivers, Larry E. (1974). British drums on the southern frontier : the military colonization of Georgia, 1733–1749. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press. ISBN 0-8078-1211-0. OCLC 605775.
Judy, Ronald A. T. (1993). (Dis)forming the American Canon: African-Arabic Slave Narratives and the Vernacular. U of Minnesota Press. ISBN 978-1-4529-0144-2.
Spalding, Phinizy; Jackson, Harvey H. (2009). Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
De Vorsey Jr., Louis (2009). "Oglethorpe and the Earliest Maps of Georgia". Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. pp. 22–43. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
"Parson and Squire: James Oglethorpe and the Role of the Anglican Church in Georgia, 1733–1736". Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. 2009. pp. 44–65. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
"James Edward Oglethorpe, Race, and Slavery: A Reassessment". Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. 2009. pp. 66–79. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
"Oglethorpe, William Stephens, and the Origin of Georgia Politics". Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. 2009. pp. 80–98. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
"Oglethorpe's Contest for the Backcountry, 1733–1749". Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. 2009. pp. 99–111. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
Baine, Rodney M.; Williams, Mary E. (2009). "James Oglethorpe in Europe: Recent Findings in His Military Life". Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. pp. 112–121. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
"Oglethorpe and James Wright: A Georgia Comparison". Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. 2009. pp. 122–130. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
"The Search for Authentic Icons of James Edward Oglethorpe". Oglethorpe in Perspective: Georgia's Founder after Two Hundred Years. The University of Alabama Press. 2009. pp. 131–191. ISBN 978-0-8173-8230-8.
Wilson, Thomas D. (2015). The Oglethorpe Plan: Enlightenment Design in Savannah and Beyond. University of Virginia Press. ISBN 978-0-8139-3711-3.

 Journals 

 Further reading 

 External links 

James Oglethorpe Timeline
The New Georgia Encyclopedia Archived 1 February 2013 at the Wayback Machine
"Oglethorpe, James Edward" . The New Student's Reference Work . 1914.
James Edward Oglethorpe historical marker
Landing of Oglethorpe and the Colonists historical marker

Neoclassical architecture
Neoclassical architecture, sometimes referred to as Classical Revival architecture, is an architectural style produced by the Neoclassical movement that began in the mid-18th century in Italy, France and Germany. It became one of the most prominent architectural styles in the Western world. The prevailing styles of architecture in most of Europe for the previous two centuries, Renaissance architecture and Baroque architecture, already represented partial revivals of the Classical architecture of ancient Rome and ancient Greek architecture, but the Neoclassical movement aimed to strip away the excesses of Late Baroque and return to a purer and more authentic classical style, adapted to modern purposes. 
The development of archaeology and published accurate records of surviving classical buildings was crucial in the emergence of Neoclassical architecture. In many countries, there was an initial wave essentially drawing on Roman architecture, followed, from about the start of the 19th century, by a second wave of Greek Revival architecture. This followed increased understanding of Greek survivals. As the 19th century continued, the style tended to lose its original rather austere purity in variants like the French Empire style.  The term "neoclassical" is often used very loosely for any building using some of the classical architectural vocabulary.   
In form, Neoclassical architecture emphasizes the wall rather than chiaroscuro and maintains separate identities to each of its parts. The style is manifested both in its details as a reaction against the Rococo style of naturalistic ornament, and in its architectural formulae as an outgrowth of some classicizing features of the Late Baroque architectural tradition. Therefore, the style is defined by symmetry, simple geometry, and social demands instead of ornament. In the 21st century, a version of the style continues, sometimes called New Classical architecture or New Classicism.

 History 
Neoclassical architecture is a specific style and moment in the late 18th and early 19th centuries that was specifically associated with the Enlightenment, empiricism, and the study of sites by early archaeologists. Classical architecture after about 1840 must be classified as one of a series of "revival" styles, such as Greek, Renaissance, or Italianate. Various historians of the 19th century have made this clear since the 1970s. Classical architecture during the 20th century is classified less as a revival, and more a return to a style was decelerated with the advent of Modernism. Yet still Neoclassical architecture is beginning to be practiced again in the 21st century more in the form of New Classical Architecture and even in Gentrification and Historicism Architecture, the Neoclassical architecture or its important elements are still being used, even when the Postmodernist architecture is dominant throughout the world.

 Palladianism 

A return to more classical architectural forms as a reaction to the Rococo style can be detected in some European architecture of the earlier 18th century, most vividly represented in the Palladian architecture of Georgian Britain and Ireland. The name refers to the designs of the 16th-century Venetian architect Andrea Palladio.
The Baroque style had never truly been to the English taste. Four influential books were published in the first quarter of the 18th century which highlighted the simplicity and purity of classical architecture: Vitruvius Britannicus by Colen Campbell (1715), Palladio's I quattro libri dell'architettura (The Four Books of Architecture, 1715), De re aedificatoria by Leon Battista Alberti (first published in 1452) and The Designs of Inigo Jones... with Some Additional Designs (1727). The most popular was the four-volume Vitruvius Britannicus by Colen Campbell. The book contained architectural prints of famous British buildings that had been inspired by the great architects from Vitruvius to Palladio. At first the book mainly featured the work of Inigo Jones, but the later tomes contained drawings and plans by Campbell and other 18th-century architects. Palladian architecture became well established in 18th-century Britain.
At the forefront of the new school of design was the aristocratic "architect earl", Richard Boyle, 3rd Earl of Burlington; in 1729, he and William Kent designed Chiswick House. This house was a reinterpretation of Palladio's Villa Capra "La Rotonda", but purified of 16th-century elements and ornament. This severe lack of ornamentation was to be a feature of Palladianism. In 1734, William Kent and Lord Burlington designed one of England's finest examples of Palladian architecture, Holkham Hall in Norfolk. The main block of this house followed Palladio's dictates quite closely, but Palladio's low, often detached, wings of farm buildings were elevated in significance.
This classicizing vein was also detectable, to a lesser degree, in the Late Baroque architecture in Paris, such as in the Louvre Colonnade. This shift was even visible in Rome at the redesigned façade for Archbasilica of Saint John Lateran.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Neoclassicism 

By the mid-18th century, the movement broadened to incorporate a greater range of classical influences, including those from Ancient Greece. An early centre of neoclassicism was Italy, especially Naples, where by the 1730s court architects such as Luigi Vanvitelli and Ferdinando Fuga were recovering classical, Palladian and Mannerist forms in their Baroque architecture. Following their lead, Giovanni Antonio Medrano began to build the first truly neoclassical structures in Italy in the 1730s. In the same period, Alessandro Pompei introduced neoclassicism to the Venetian Republic, building one of the first lapidariums in Europe in Verona, in the Doric style (1738). During the same period, neoclassical elements were introduced to Tuscany by architect Jean Nicolas Jadot de Ville-Issey, the court architect of Francis Stephen of Lorraine. On Jadot's lead, an original neoclassical style was developed by Gaspare Maria Paoletti, transforming Florence into the most important centre of neoclassicism in the peninsula. In the second half of the century, Neoclassicism flourished also in Turin, Milan (Giuseppe Piermarini) and Trieste (Matteo Pertsch). In the latter two cities, just as in Tuscany, the sober neoclassical style was linked to the reformism of the ruling Habsburg enlightened monarchs.
The shift to neoclassical architecture is conventionally dated to the 1750s. It first gained influence in England and France; in England, Sir William Hamilton's excavations at Pompeii and other sites, the influence of the Grand Tour, and the work of William Chambers and Robert Adam, were pivotal in this regard. In France, the movement was propelled by a generation of French art students trained in Rome, and was influenced by the writings of Johann Joachim Winckelmann. The style was also adopted by progressive circles in other countries such as Sweden and Russia.
International neoclassical architecture was exemplified in Karl Friedrich Schinkel's buildings, especially the Altes Museum in Berlin, Sir John Soane's Bank of England in London and the newly built White House and Capitol in Washington, D.C. of the nascent American Republic. The style was international. The Baltimore Basilica, which was designed by Benjamin Henry Latrobe in 1806, is considered one of the finest examples of neoclassical architecture in the world.
A second neoclassic wave, more severe, more studied and more consciously archaeological, is associated with the height of the First French Empire. In France, the first phase of neoclassicism was expressed in the Louis XVI style, and the second in the styles called Directoire and Empire. Its major proponents were Percier and Fontaine, court architects who specialized in interior decoration.In the decorative arts, neoclassicism is exemplified in French furniture of the Empire style; the English furniture of Chippendale, George Hepplewhite and Robert Adam, Wedgwood's bas reliefs and "black basaltes" vases, and the Biedermeier furniture of Austria. The Scottish architect Charles Cameron created palatial Italianate interiors for the German-born Catherine II the Great in Saint Petersburg.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Interior design 
Indoors, neoclassicism made a discovery of the genuine classic interior, inspired by the rediscoveries at Pompeii and Herculaneum. These had begun in the late 1740s, but only achieved a wide audience in the 1760s, with the first luxurious volumes of tightly controlled distribution of Le Antichità di Ercolano Esposte (The Antiquities of Herculaneum Exposed). The antiquities of Herculaneum showed that even the most classicizing interiors of the Baroque, or the most "Roman" rooms of William Kent were based on basilica and temple exterior architecture turned outside in, hence their often bombastic appearance to modern eyes: pedimented window frames turned into gilded mirrors, fireplaces topped with temple fronts.
The new interiors sought to recreate an authentically Roman and genuinely interior vocabulary. Techniques employed in the style included flatter, lighter motifs, sculpted in low frieze-like relief or painted in monotones en camaïeu ("like cameos"),  isolated medallions or vases or busts or bucrania or other motifs, suspended on swags of laurel or ribbon, with slender arabesques against backgrounds, perhaps, of "Pompeiian red" or pale tints, or stone colours. The style in France was initially a Parisian style, the goût grec ("Greek taste"), not a court style; when Louis XVI acceded to the throne in 1774, Marie Antoinette, his fashion-loving Queen, brought the Louis XVI style to court. However, there was no real attempt to employ the basic forms of Roman furniture until around the turn of the century, and furniture-makers were more likely to borrow from ancient architecture, just as silversmiths were more likely to take from ancient pottery and stone-carving than metalwork: "Designers and craftsmen [...] seem to have taken an almost perverse pleasure in transferring motifs from one medium to another".A new phase in neoclassical design was inaugurated by Robert and James Adam, who travelled in Italy and Dalmatia in the 1750s, observing the ruins of the classical world. On their return to Britain, they published a book entitled The Works in Architecture in installments between 1773 and 1779. This book of engraved designs made the Adam style available throughout Europe. The Adam brothers aimed to simplify the Rococo and Baroque styles which had been fashionable in the preceding decades, to bring what they felt to be a lighter and more elegant feel to Georgian houses. The Works in Architecture illustrated the main buildings the Adam brothers had worked on and crucially documented the interiors, furniture and fittings, designed by the Adams.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Greek Revival 

From about 1800 a fresh influx of Greek architectural examples, seen through the medium of etchings and engravings, gave a new impetus to neoclassicism, the Greek Revival. There was little direct knowledge of surviving Greek buildings before the middle of the 18th century in Western Europe, when an expedition funded by the Society of Dilettanti in 1751 and led by James Stuart and Nicholas Revett began serious archaeological enquiry. Stuart was commissioned after his return from Greece by George Lyttelton to produce the first Greek building in England, the garden temple at Hagley Hall (1758–59). A number of British architects in the second half of the century took up the expressive challenge of the Doric from their aristocratic patrons, including Joseph Bonomi and John Soane, but it was to remain the private enthusiasm of connoisseurs up to the first decade of the 19th century.Seen in its wider social context, Greek Revival architecture sounded a new note of sobriety and restraint in public buildings in Britain around 1800 as an assertion of nationalism attendant on the Act of Union, the Napoleonic Wars, and the clamour for political reform. It was to be William Wilkins's winning design for the public competition for Downing College, Cambridge, that announced the Greek style was to be the dominant idiom in architecture. Wilkins and Robert Smirke went on to build some of the most important buildings of the era, including the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden (1808–1809), the General Post Office (1824–1829) and the British Museum (1823–1848), Wilkins University College London (1826–1830) and the National Gallery (1832–1838). In Scotland, Thomas Hamilton (1784–1858), in collaboration with the artists Andrew Wilson (1780–1848) and Hugh William Williams (1773–1829) created monuments and buildings of international significance; the Burns Monument at Alloway (1818) and the (Royal) High School in Edinburgh (1823–1829).
At the same time the Empire style in France was a more grandiose wave of neoclassicism in architecture and the decorative arts. Mainly based on Imperial Roman styles, it originated in, and took its name from, the rule of Napoleon I in the First French Empire, where it was intended to idealize Napoleon's leadership and the French state. The style corresponds to the more bourgeois Biedermeier style in the German-speaking lands, Federal style in the United States, the Regency style in Britain, and the Napoleonstil in Sweden. According to the art historian Hugh Honour "so far from being, as is sometimes supposed, the culmination of the Neo-classical movement, the Empire marks its rapid decline and transformation back once more into a mere antique revival, drained of all the high-minded ideas and force of conviction that had inspired its masterpieces".

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Characteristics 
High neoclassicism was an international movement. Architects reacted against the excesses and profuse ornament used in Late Baroque architecture. The new "classical" architecture emphasized planar qualities, rather than elaborate sculptural ornament in both the interior and the exterior. Projections and recessions and their effects of light and shade were more flat; sculptural bas-reliefs were flat and tended to be framed by friezes, tablets or panels. This was the first "stripped down" classical architecture, and appeared to be modern in the context of the Revolutionary period in Europe. At its most elemental, as in the work of Etienne-Louis Boullée, it was highly abstract and geometrically pure.
Neoclassicism also influenced city planning. The ancient Romans had used a consolidated scheme for city planning for both defence and civil convenience; however, the roots of this scheme go back to even older civilizations. At its most basic, the grid system of streets, a central forum with city services, two main slightly wider boulevards, and the occasional diagonal street were characteristic of the very logical and orderly Roman design. Ancient façades and building layouts were oriented to these city design patterns and they tended to work in proportion with the importance of public buildings.
Many of these urban planning patterns found their way into the first modern planned cities of the 18th century. Exceptional examples include Karlsruhe, Washington, D.C., Saint Petersburg, Buenos Aires, Havana, and Barcelona. Contrasting models may be found in Modernist designs exemplified by Brasília, the Garden city movement, and levittowns.

 Regional trends 

 France 

The first phase of neoclassicism in France is expressed in the Louis XV style of architect Ange-Jacques Gabriel (Petit Trianon, 1762–1768); the second phase, in the styles called Directoire and Empire, might be characterized by Jean Chalgrin's severe astylar Arc de Triomphe (designed in 1806). In England the two phases might be characterized first by the structures of Robert Adam, the second by those of Sir John Soane. The interior style in France was initially a Parisian style, the "Goût grec" ("Greek style") not a court style. Only when the young king acceded to the throne in 1774 did Marie Antoinette, his fashion-loving Queen, bring the Louis XVI style to court.
Many early 19th-century neoclassical architects were influenced by the drawings and projects of Étienne-Louis Boullée and Claude Nicolas Ledoux. The many graphite drawings of Boullée and his students depict spare geometrical architecture that emulates the eternality of the universe. There are links between Boullée's ideas and Edmund Burke's conception of the sublime. Ledoux addressed the concept of architectural character, maintaining that a building should immediately communicate its function to the viewer: taken literally, such ideas give rise to architecture parlante ("speaking architecture").
From about 1800 a fresh influx of Greek architectural examples, seen through the medium of etchings and engravings, gave a new impetus to neoclassicism that is called the Greek Revival. Although several European cities – notably Saint Petersburg, Athens, Berlin and Munich – were transformed into veritable museums of Greek revival architecture, the Greek Revival in France was never popular with either the state or the public.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Germany 
Neoclassical architecture became a symbol of national pride during the 18th century in Germany, in what was then Prussia. Karl Friedrich Schinkel built many notable buildings in this style, including the Altes Museum in Berlin. While the city remained dominated by Baroque city planning, his architecture and functional style provided the city with a distinctly neoclassical center.
Schinkel's work is very comparable to Neoclassical architecture in Britain since he drew much of his inspiration from that country. He made trips to observe the buildings and develop his functional style.

 Great Britain and Ireland 

From the middle of the 18th century, exploration and publication changed the course of British architecture towards a purer vision of the Ancient Greco-Roman ideal. James 'Athenian' Stuart's work The Antiquities of Athens and Other Monuments of Greece was very influential in this regard, as were Robert Wood's Palmyra and Baalbec. A combination of simple forms and high levels of enrichment was adopted by the majority of contemporary British architects and designers. The revolution begun by Stuart was soon to be eclipsed by the work of the Adam brothers, James Wyatt, Sir William Chambers, George Dance, James Gandon, and provincially based architects such as John Carr and Thomas Harrison of Chester.
In Scotland and the north of England, where the Gothic Revival was less strong, architects continued to develop the neoclassical style of William Henry Playfair. The works of Cuthbert Brodrick and Alexander Thomson show that by the end of the 19th century the results could be powerful and eccentric.
In Ireland, where Gothic Revival was also less popular, a refined, restrained form of the neoclassical developed, and can be seen in the works of James Gandon and other architects working at the time. It is particularly evident in Dublin, which is a largely neoclassical and Georgian city.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Greece 
After the establishment of the Kingdom of Greece in 1832, the architecture of Greece was mostly influenced by the Neoclassical architecture. For Athens, the first King of Greece, Otto I, commissioned the architects Stamatios Kleanthis and Eduard Schaubert to design a modern city plan. The Old Royal Palace was the first important public building to be built, between 1836 and 1843. Later, in the mid- and late 19th century, Theophil von Hansen and Ernst Ziller took part in the construction of many neoclassical buildings. Theophil von Hansen designed his first building, the National Observatory of Athens, and two of the three contiguous buildings forming the so-called "Athens Classical Trilogy", namely the Academy of Athens (1859) and the National Library of Greece (1888), the third building of the trilogy being the National and Capodistrian University of Athens (1843), which was designed by his brother Christian Hansen. Also he designed the Zappeion Hall (1888). Ernst Ziller also designed many private mansions in the centre of Athens which gradually became public, usually through donations, such the mansion of Heinrich Schliemann, Iliou Melathron (1880). The city of Nauplio is also an important example of Neoclassical architecture along with the islands of Poros and Syros (especially in the capital Ermoupoli).

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Hungary 
The earliest examples of neoclassical architecture in Hungary may be found in Vác. In this town the triumphal arch and the neoclassical façade of the Baroque Cathedral were designed by the French architect Isidor Marcellus Amandus Ganneval (Isidore Canevale) in the 1760s. Also the work of a French architect, Charles Moreau, is the garden façade of the Esterházy Palace (1797–1805) in Kismarton (today Eisenstadt in Austria).
The two principal architects of Neoclassicism in Hungary were Mihály Pollack and József Hild. Pollack's major work is the Hungarian National Museum (1837–1844). Hild is famous for his designs for the Cathedral of Eger and Esztergom. The Reformed Great Church of Debrecen is an outstanding example of the many Protestant churches that were built in the first half of the 19th century. This was the time of the first iron structures in Hungarian architecture, the most important of which is the Chain Bridge (Budapest) by William Tierney Clark.

 Japan 

Although not a western country, due to Western influence Japan has had neoclassical architecture produced in it. This includes the unique Hiko Shrine which is a Shinto shrine based on Greek temples. It later developed into the Imperial Crown Style which contains elements of both Eastern and Western design Roofs are notably distinctly Asian in this style and it was used heavily by the Japanese Empire in its colonies.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Malta 
Neoclassical architecture was introduced in Malta in the late 18th century, during the final years of Hospitaller rule. Early examples include the Bibliotheca (1786), the De Rohan Arch (1798) and the Hompesch Gate (1801). However, neoclassical architecture only became popular in Malta following the establishment of British rule in the early 19th century. In 1814, a neoclassical portico decorated with the British coat of arms was added to the Main Guard building so as to serve as a symbol of British Malta. Other 19th-century neoclassical buildings include the Monument to Sir Alexander Ball (1810), RNH Bighi (1832), St Paul's Pro-Cathedral (1844), the Rotunda of Mosta (1860) and the now-destroyed Royal Opera House (1866).Neoclassicism gave way to other architectural styles by the late 19th century. Few buildings were built in the neoclassical style during the 20th century, such as the Domvs Romana museum (1922), and the Courts of Justice building in Valletta (1965–1971).

 Mexico 
As part of the Spanish Enlightenment's cultural impact on the kingdom of New Spain (Mexico), the crown established the Academy of San Carlos in 1785 to train painters, sculptors, and architects in New Spain, under the direction of the peninsular Gerónimo Antonio Gil. The academy emphasized neoclassicism, which drew on the inspiration of the clean lines of Greek and Roman architecture, but also, for some monuments, from the Aztec and Mayan architectural traditions.Neoclassicism in Mexican architecture was directly linked to crown policies that sought to rein in the exuberance of the Mexican Baroque, and to create public buildings of "good taste" funded by the crown, such as the Palacio de Minería in Mexico City, the Hospicio Cabañas in Guadalajara, and the Alhóndiga de Granaditas in Guanajuato, all built in the late colonial era.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Rest of Latin America 
The Neoclassical style arrived in the American empires of Spain and Portugal through projects designed in Europe or carried out locally by European or Criollo architects trained in the academies of the metropolis. There are also examples of the adaptation to the local architectural language, which during previous centuries had made a synthesis or syncretism of European and pre-Columbian elements in the so-called Colonial Baroque.
Two more Classical criteria belong, in Chile, the Palacio de La Moneda (1784–1805) and the Metropolitan Cathedral of Santiago (1748–1899), both works by the Italian architect Joaquín Toesca. In Ecuador, the Quito's Palacio de Carondelet (Ecuador's Government Palace) built between 1611–1801 by Antonio García. At the dawn of the independence of Hispanic America, constructive programs were developed in the new republics. Neoclassicism was introduced in New Granada by Marcelino Pérez de Arroyo. Later, in Colombia, the Capitolio Nacional was built in Bogotá between 1848–1926 by Thomas Reed, trained at the Berlin Bauakademie; the Primatial Cathedral of Bogotá (1807–1823), designed by Friar Domingo de Petrés; and in Peru the Basilica Cathedral of Arequipa built between 1540–1844 by Lucas Poblete.
Brazil, which became the seat of the court of the Portuguese monarchy, gaining independence from its metropolis as the Empire of Brazil, also used the resources of architecture for the glorification of political power, and it was decided to resort to architects trained in the Académie royale d'architecture. To this period belong the portal of the Imperial Academy of Fine Arts in Rio de Janeiro made in 1826 and the Imperial Palace of Petrópolis built between 1845–1862.
Argentina is another of the countries that seeks to shed its colonial past, but in the context of the reorganization of the country after independence in 1810, an aspect of power is sought that transmits the presence of the State, inspiring respect and devotion, including of course the architecture. However, an image of its own is not conceived, but the Classical canon is introduced, not in the form of a replica of buildings from Antiquity, but with a classical predominance and a lot of influence from French Classicism; which will last until the 20th century.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Philippines 
Like most western tradition, it arrived in the Pacific Archipelagos via rule from New Spain (Mexico) during the period of governance by Mexico City as one of the best preferred architecture in the Spanish east indies, manifested in Churches, Civic buildings and one of the popular architectural ornament for newer styled Bahay na bato and Bahay kubo. When the power over the archipelago was transferred from Spain to the United States of America, the style became more popular and developed from slightly simple approach during the Spanish era, to a more ornamented style of the Beaux-Arts architecture sparked by the return of massive number of architectural students to the islands from the western schools. It also became a symbol of democracy and the approaching republic during the commonwealth.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth 

The centre of Polish Neoclassicism was Warsaw under the rule of the last Polish king, Stanislaus Augustus. The University of Vilnius was another important centre of the Neoclassical architecture in Europe, led by the notable professors of architecture Marcin Knackfus, Laurynas Gucevicius and Karol Podczaszyński. The style was expressed in the shape of main public buildings, such as the University's Observatory, Vilnius Cathedral and the town hall.  
The best-known architects and artists, who worked in Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth were Dominik Merlini, Jan Chrystian Kamsetzer, Szymon Bogumił Zug, Jakub Kubicki, Antonio Corazzi, Efraim Szreger, Chrystian Piotr Aigner and Bertel Thorvaldsen.

 Russia 

In the Russian Empire at the end of the 19th century, neoclassical architecture was equal to Saint Petersburg architecture because this style was specific for a huge number of buildings in the city. Catherine the Great adopted the style during her reign by allowing the architect Jean-Baptiste Vallin de la Mothe to build the Old Hermitage and the Academy of Fine Arts in Saint Petersburg.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Spain 
Spanish Neoclassicism was exemplified by the work of Juan de Villanueva, who adapted Burke's theories of beauty and the sublime to the requirements of Spanish climate and history. He built the Museo del Prado, which combined three functions: an academy, an auditorium, and a museum in one building with three separate entrances.
This was part of the ambitious program of Charles III, who intended to make Madrid the Capital of the Arts and Sciences. Very close to the museum, Villanueva built the Royal Observatory of Madrid. He also designed several summer houses for the kings in El Escorial and Aranjuez and reconstructed the Plaza Mayor, Madrid, among other important works. Villanueva's pupils expanded the Neoclassical style in Spain.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 United States 
In the new republic, Robert Adam's neoclassical manner was adapted for the local late 18th- and early 19th-century style, called Federal architecture. One of the pioneers of this style was the English-born Benjamin Henry Latrobe, who is often noted as one of America's first formally trained professional architects and the father of American architecture. The Baltimore Basilica, the first Roman Catholic cathedral in the United States, is considered by many experts to be Latrobe's masterpiece.
Another notable American architect who identified with Federal architecture was Thomas Jefferson. He built many neoclassical buildings including his personal estate Monticello, the Virginia State Capitol, and the University of Virginia.A second neoclassical manner found in the United States during the 19th century was called Greek Revival architecture. It differs from Federal architecture as it strictly follows the Greek idiom, however it was used to describe all buildings of the Neoclassicism period that display classical orders.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
New classical architecture
Neoclassical architecture in Milan
Outline of classical architecture
Federal architecture
Nordic Classicism
John Carr (architect)
William Chambers (architect)
List of architectural styles

 References 

 Further reading 
Détournelle, Athanase,  Recueil d'architecture nouvelle, A Paris : Chez l'auteur, 1805
Groth, Håkan, Neoclassicism in the North: Swedish Furniture and Interiors, 1770–1850
Honour, Hugh, Neoclassicism
Irwin, David, Neoclassicism (in series Art and Ideas) Phaidon, paperback, 1997
Lorentz, Stanislaw, Neoclassicism in Poland (Series History of art in Poland)
McCormick, Thomas, Charles-Louis Clérisseau and the Genesis of Neoclassicism Architectural History Foundation, 1991
Praz, Mario. On Neoclassicism

 External links 

Institute of Classical Architecture and Art (official website)
Traditional Architecture Group (archived 9 June 2013)
OpenSource Classicism – project for free educational content about neoclassical architecture

2022 Sacramento State Hornets football team
The 2022 Sacramento State Hornets football team represented California State University, Sacramento as a member of the Big Sky Conference during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. Led by third-year head coach Troy Taylor, the Hornets played their home games on campus at Hornet Stadium in Sacramento, California.
This season set multiple milestones for Sac State. They beat an FBS team for the first time since 2012 with a 41–10 victory over Colorado State. The Hornets claimed their best start to a season in school history when they won their seventh game against Montana 31–24 in overtime, and completed their first perfect regular season in school history following a 27–21 victory over UC Davis. They won their first ever FCS playoff game with a 38–31 win over Richmond. However, in the highest-scoring game in FCS playoff history, they were upset by Incarnate Word in the quarterfinals, 66–63.After the season in December, Taylor left for Stanford University and defensive coordinator
Andy Thompson was promoted to head coach for 2023.

 Preseason 

 Polls 
On July 25, 2022, during the virtual Big Sky Kickoff, the Hornets were predicted to finish second in the Big Sky by the coaches and third by the media.

 Preseason All–Big Sky team 
The Hornets had five players selected to the preseason all-Big Sky team.

 Schedule 

 Game summaries 

 Utah Tech 

 At Northern Iowa 

 At Colorado State 

 At Cal Poly 

 Northern Colorado 

 At Eastern Washington 

 No. 7 Montana 

 No. 14 Idaho 

 At No. 5 Weber State 

 At Portland State 

 No. 24 UC Davis 

 FCS Playoffs 

 No. 13 Richmond – Second Round 

 No. 5 Incarnate Word – Quarterfinals 

 Ranking movements 

 Players drafted into the NFL 

 References 

Apollo 13 (film)
Apollo 13 is a 1995 American space docudrama film directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, Bill Paxton, Ed Harris, and Gary Sinise.
The screenplay by William Broyles Jr. and Al Reinert dramatizes the aborted 1970 Apollo 13 lunar mission and is an adaptation of the 1994 book Lost Moon: The Perilous Voyage of Apollo 13, by astronaut Jim Lovell and Jeffrey Kluger. The film tells the story of astronauts Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise aboard Apollo 13 for America's fifth crewed mission to the Moon, which was intended to be the third to land. En route, an on-board explosion deprives their spacecraft of much of its oxygen supply and electrical power, which forces NASA's flight controllers to abort the Moon landing mission and improvise scientific and mechanical solutions to get the three astronauts to Earth safely.
Howard went to great lengths to create a technically accurate movie, employing NASA's assistance in astronaut and flight-controller training for his cast and obtaining permission to film scenes aboard a reduced-gravity aircraft for realistic depiction of the weightlessness experienced by the astronauts in space.
Released to cinemas in the United States on June 30, 1995, Apollo 13 received critical acclaim and was nominated for nine Academy Awards, including Best Picture (winning for Best Film Editing and Best Sound). The film also won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture, as well as two British Academy Film Awards. In total, the film grossed over $355 million worldwide during its theatrical releases.
Since then, it is considered to be among the best films of all time.In 2023, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant."

 Plot 
On July 20, 1969, astronaut Jim Lovell hosts a party where guests watch Neil Armstrong's televised first steps on the Moon from Apollo 11. Lovell, who orbited the Moon on Apollo 8, tells his wife Marilyn that he will return to the Moon to walk on its surface.
Three months later, as Lovell is conducting a VIP tour of NASA's Vehicle Assembly Building, his boss Deke Slayton informs him that his crew will fly Apollo 13 instead of 14, swapping flights with Alan Shepard's crew. Lovell, Ken Mattingly, and Fred Haise train for their mission. Days before launch in April 1970, Mattingly is exposed to German measles, and the flight surgeon demands his replacement with Mattingly's backup, Jack Swigert. Lovell resists breaking up his team, but relents when Slayton threatens to bump his crew to a later mission. As the launch date approaches, Marilyn has a nightmare about her husband dying in space, and tells Lovell she will not go to Kennedy Space Center to see him off for an unprecedented fourth launch. She later changes her mind and surprises him.
On launch day, Flight Director Gene Kranz in Houston's Mission Control Center gives the go for launch. As the Saturn V rocket climbs through the atmosphere, a second stage engine cuts off prematurely, but the craft reaches its Earth parking orbit. After the third stage fires again to send Apollo 13 to the Moon, Swigert performs the maneuver to turn the Command Module Odyssey around to dock with the Lunar Module Aquarius and pull it away from the spent rocket.
Three days into the mission, by order of Mission Control, Swigert turns on the liquid oxygen stirring fans. An electrical short causes a tank to explode, emptying its contents into space and sending the craft tumbling. The other tank is soon found to be leaking. Consumables manager Sy Liebergot convinces Kranz that shutting off two of Odyssey's three fuel cells offers the best chance to stop the leak, but this does not work. With only one fuel cell, mission rules dictate the Moon landing be aborted. Lovell and Haise power up Aquarius to use as a "lifeboat", while Swigert shuts down Odyssey to save its battery power for the return to Earth. Kranz charges his team with bringing the astronauts home, declaring "failure is not an option". Consumables manager John Aaron recruits Mattingly to help him improvise a procedure to restart Odyssey for the landing on Earth.
As the crew watches the Moon pass beneath them, Lovell laments his lost dream of walking on its surface, then turns his crew's attention to the business of getting home. With Aquarius running on minimal electrical power and rationed water supply, the crew suffers from freezing conditions, and Haise develops a urinary tract infection. Swigert suspects Mission Control is concealing the fact they are doomed; Haise angrily blames Swigert's inexperience for the accident; but Lovell squelches the argument. As Aquarius's carbon dioxide filters run out, concentration of the gas approaches a dangerous level. Ground control improvises a "Rube Goldberg" device to make the Command Module's incompatible filter cartridges work in the Lunar Module. With Aquarius's navigation systems shut down, the crew makes a vital course correction manually by steering the Lunar Module and controlling its engine.
Mattingly and Aaron struggle to find a way to power up the Command Module systems without drawing too much power, and finally read the procedure to Swigert, who restarts Odyssey by drawing the extra power from Aquarius. When the crew jettisons the Service Module, they are surprised by the extent of the damage, raising the possibility that the ablative heat shield was compromised. As they release Aquarius and re-enter the Earth's atmosphere, no one is sure that Odyssey's heat shield is intact.
The tense period of radio silence due to ionization blackout is longer than normal, but the astronauts report all is well, and the world watches Odyssey splash down and celebrates their return. As helicopters bring the crew aboard the USS Iwo Jima for a hero's welcome, Lovell's voice-over describes the cause of the explosion, and the subsequent careers of Haise, Swigert, Mattingly, and Kranz. He wonders if and when mankind will return to the Moon.

 Cast 

Apollo 13 crew:

Tom Hanks as Commander Jim Lovell.
Kevin Bacon as backup / prime Command Module Pilot Jack Swigert
Bill Paxton as Lunar Module Pilot Fred Haise
Gary Sinise as prime / grounded Command Module Pilot Ken MattinglyOther astronauts:

Mark Wheeler as Apollo 11 Commander Neil Armstrong
Larry Williams as Apollo 11 Lunar Module Pilot Buzz Aldrin
David Andrews as Apollo 12 Commander Pete Conrad
Ben Marley as Apollo 13 backup Commander John Young
Brett Cullen as capsule communicator (CAPCOM) 1 "Andy" (a composite astronaut, based on Jack Lousma and William Pogue)
Ned Vaughn as CAPCOM 2 (a composite astronaut)NASA ground personnel:

Ed Harris as White Team Flight Director Gene Kranz. Harris described the film as "cramming for a final exam." Harris described Gene Kranz as "corny and like a dinosaur", but respected by the crew.
Chris Ellis as Director of Flight Crew Operations Deke Slayton
Joe Spano as NASA Director, a composite character loosely based on Manned Spacecraft Center director Christopher C. Kraft, Jr.
Marc McClure as Black Team Flight Director Glynn Lunney
Clint Howard as White Team Electrical, Environmental and Consumables Manager (EECOM) Sy Liebergot
Ray McKinnon as White Team Flight Dynamics Officer (FIDO) Jerry Bostick
Todd Louiso as White Team Flight Activities Officer (FAO)
Gabriel Jarret as White Team Guidance, Navigation, and Controls Systems Engineer (GNC)
Andy Milder as White Team Guidance Officer (GUIDO)
Jim Meskimen as White Team Telemetry, Electrical, EVA Mobility Unit Officer (TELMU)
Loren Dean as EECOM John Aaron
Christian Clemenson as Flight Surgeon Dr. Charles Berry
Carl Gabriel Yorke as SIM (Simulator) 1
Xander Berkeley as Henry Hurt, a fictional NASA Office of Public Affairs staff memberCivilians:

Kathleen Quinlan as Marilyn Gerlach Lovell, Jim's wife
Jean Speegle Howard (Ron Howard's mother) as Blanche Lovell, Jim's mother
Mary Kate Schellhardt as Barbara Lovell, Jim's older daughter
Max Elliott Slade as James "Jay" Lovell, Jim's older son
Emily Ann Lloyd as Susan Lovell, Jim's younger daughter
Miko Hughes as Jeffrey Lovell, Jim's younger son
Rance Howard (Ron Howard's father) as the Lovell family minister
Tracy Reiner as Mary Haise, Fred's wife
Michele Little as Jane ConradCameos:

Jim Lovell appears as captain of the recovery ship USS Iwo Jima; Howard had intended to make him an admiral, but Lovell himself, having retired as a captain, chose to appear in his actual rank (and wearing his own Navy uniform).
Marilyn Lovell appears among the spectators during the launch sequence.
Jeffrey Kluger appears as a television reporter.
Horror film director Roger Corman, a mentor of Howard, appears as a congressman being given a VIP tour by Lovell of the Vehicle Assembly Building, as it had become something of a tradition for Corman to make a cameo appearance in his protégés' films.
CBS News anchor Walter Cronkite appears in archive news footage and can be heard in newly recorded announcements, some of which he edited himself to sound more authentic.
Cheryl Howard (Ron Howard's wife) and Bryce Dallas Howard (Ron Howard's eldest daughter) as uncredited background performers in the scene where the astronauts wave goodbye to their families.

 Production 

 Development 
The movie rights to Jim Lovell's book Lost Moon were being shopped to potential buyers before it was written. He stated that his first reaction was that Kevin Costner would be a good choice to play him.

 Pre-production 
The original screenplay by William Broyles Jr. and Al Reinert was written with Costner in mind because of his facial similarities with Lovell. By the time Ron Howard acquired the director's position, Tom Hanks had expressed interest in doing a film based on Apollo 13. When Hanks' representative informed him that a script was being passed around he had it sent to him, and Costner's name never came up in serious discussion. Hanks was ultimately cast as Lovell because of his knowledge of Apollo and space history.Because of his interest in aviation, John Travolta asked Howard for the role of Lovell, but was politely turned down. John Cusack was offered the role of Fred Haise but turned it down. Brad Pitt was offered the role of Jack Swigert, but also turned it down in favor of Seven. Howard invited Gary Sinise to read for any of the characters, and Sinise chose Ken Mattingly.After Hanks had been cast and construction of the spacecraft sets had begun, John Sayles rewrote the script. While planning the film, Howard decided that every shot would be original and that no mission footage would be used. The spacecraft interiors were constructed by the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center's Space Works, which also restored the Apollo 13 Command Module. Two individual Lunar Modules and two Command Modules were constructed for filming. Composed of some original Apollo materials, they were built so that different sections were removable, which allowed filming to take place inside them. Space Works also built modified Command and Lunar Modules for filming inside a Boeing KC-135 reduced-gravity aircraft, and the pressure suits worn by the actors, which are exact reproductions of those worn by the Apollo astronauts, right down to the detail of being airtight. When suited up with their helmets locked in place, the actors were cooled by and breathed air pumped into the suits, as in actual Apollo suits.The Christopher C. Kraft Jr. Mission Control Center consisted of two control rooms on the second and third floors of Building 30 at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas. NASA offered the use of the control room for filming, but Howard declined, opting instead to make his own replica. Production designer Michael Corenblith and set decorator Merideth Boswell were in charge of the construction of the Mission Control set at Universal Studios. It was equipped with giant rear-screen projection capabilities, and a complex set of computers with individual video feeds to all the flight controller stations. The actors playing the flight controllers could communicate with each other on a private audio loop. The Mission Control room built for the film was on the ground floor. One NASA employee, a consultant for the film, said the set was so realistic that he would leave at the end of the day and look for the elevator before he remembered he was not in Mission Control. The recovery ship USS Iwo Jima had been scrapped by the time the film was made, so her sister ship, New Orleans, was used instead.To prepare for their roles in the film, Hanks, Paxton, and Bacon all attended the U.S. Space Camp in Huntsville, Alabama. While there, astronauts Jim Lovell and David Scott, commander of Apollo 15, did actual training exercises with the actors inside a simulated Command Module and Lunar Module. The actors were also taught about each of the 500 buttons, toggles, and switches used to operate the spacecraft. The actors then traveled to Johnson Space Center in Houston where they flew in the KC-135 to simulate weightlessness in outer space.
Each member of the cast performed extensive research for the project to provide an authentic story. Technical adviser Scott was impressed with their efforts, stating that each actor was determined to make every scene technically correct, word for word.In Los Angeles, Ed Harris and all the actors portraying flight controllers enrolled in a Flight Controller School led by Gerry Griffin, an Apollo 13 flight director, and flight controller Jerry Bostick. The actors studied audiotapes from the mission, reviewed hundreds of pages of NASA transcripts, and attended a crash course in physics.Reportedly, Pete Conrad expressed interest in appearing in the film.

 Filming 

Principal photography for Apollo 13 started in August 1994.
Howard anticipated difficulty in portraying weightlessness in a realistic manner. He discussed this with Steven Spielberg, who suggested filming aboard the KC-135 airplane, which can be flown in such a way as to create about 23 seconds of weightlessness, a method NASA has always used to train its astronauts for space flight. Howard obtained NASA's permission and assistance to obtain three hours and 54 minutes of filming time in 612 zero-g maneuvers. Filming in this environment was a time and cost saver because the stage recreation and computer graphics would have been expensive. The final three weeks of filming took place in the stages on the Universal Studios Lot in Universal City, California, where two life-size replicas of both the command module and the lunar module were built for simultaneous shooting on different soundstages. Air-cooling units lowered the temperatures inside each soundstage to around 38 degrees, to simulate the conditions necessary for condensation and the visibility of the actors' breath inside the spacecraft. Filming wrapped on February 25, 1995. The final scene to be filmed was the splashdown sequence at the film's conclusion, which was shot on a large, artificial lake on the Universal lot.

 Safety 
While filming in a 25-second burst of weightlessness was "charged and frenetic", the cast and crew only suffered from bumps and bruises, and most injuries occurred when they bumped on non-padded items. The cast and crew of Apollo 13 describe the weightlessness experience as being in a "vomit comet" and "roller coaster ride", but the motion sickness afflicted only a few members.During filming of the low-temperature scenes in the Universal stages, signs that explained frostbite symptoms were posted on the stages' walls, and the crew worked in parkas.

 Post-production 
The visual effects supervisor was Robert Legato.
To avoid awkward visible switches to stock news footage in a live action film, he decided to produce the Saturn V launch sequence using miniature models and digital image stitching to create a panoramic background. On Howard's request to "shoot it like Martin Scorsese would shoot it", Legato studied Scorsese's scenes of pool games from The Color of Money, and copied his technique of creating a sense of rhythm by repeating two or three frames between each cut (just enough to be undetectable) for the engine ignition sequence. Legato says this scene inspired James Horner's soundtrack music for the launch. The long-range shot of the vehicle in flight was filmed using a $25 1:144 scale model Revell kit, with the camera realistically shaking, and it was digitized and re-filmed off of a high resolution monitor through a black filter, slightly overexposed to keep it from "looking like a video game".The exhaust of the attitude control thrusters was generated with computer-generated imagery (CGI). This was also attempted to show the astronaut's urine dump into space, but wasn't high enough resolution to look right, so droplets sprayed from an Evian bottle were photographed instead.The producers wanted to use CGI to render the splashdown, but Legato adamantly insisted this would not look realistic. Real parachutes were used with a prop capsule tossed out of a helicopter.During weightless filming, all of the dialogue had been rendered unusable by the loudness of the plane. This required Hanks, Bacon and Paxton to attend ADR sessions, where they redubbed all of the lines for the weightless scenes.

 Soundtrack 

The score to Apollo 13 was composed and conducted by James Horner. The soundtrack was released in 1995 by MCA Records and has seven tracks of score, eight period songs used in the film, and seven tracks of dialogue by the actors at a total running time of nearly seventy-eight minutes. The music also features solos by vocalist Annie Lennox and Tim Morrison on the trumpet. The score was a critical success and garnered Horner an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score.

 Release 

 Theatrical 
Apollo 13 was released on June 30, 1995, in North America and on September 22, 1995, in the United Kingdom.In September 2002, the film was re-released in IMAX. It was the first film to be digitally remastered using IMAX DMR technology.

 Home media 
Apollo 13 was released on VHS on November 21, 1995 and on LaserDisc the following week. On September 9, 1997, the film debuted on a THX certified widescreen VHS release.A 10th-anniversary DVD of the film was released in 2005; it included both the original theatrical version and the IMAX version, along with several extras.  The IMAX version has a 1.66:1 aspect ratio.In 2006, Apollo 13 was released on HD DVD and on April 13, 2010, it was released on Blu-ray as the 15th-anniversary edition on the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 13 accident. The Film was released on 4K UHD Blu-Ray on October 17, 2017.

 Reception 

 Box office 
Apollo 13 earned $25,353,380 from 2,347 theaters during its opening weekend, which made up 14.7% of the total US gross. Upon its opening, it was ranked number one at the box office, beating Pocahontas. Additionally, it surpassed Forrest Gump for having the largest opening weekend for a Tom Hanks film. Within five days, Apollo 13 generated $38.5 million, becoming the second-highest five-day opening of all time, behind Terminator 2: Judgment Day. The film earned $154 million from ticket sales, surpassing the previous record held by the combined Thanksgiving 1992 openings of Aladdin, The Bodyguard and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York. It would continue to stay in the number one spot for four weeks until it was dethroned by Waterworld. Earning $355,237,933, Apollo 13 was the third-highest-grossing film of 1995, behind Die Hard with a Vengeance and Toy Story.

 Critical response 
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that the film has an overall approval rating of 96%, based on 96 reviews, with a weighted average rating of 8.20/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "In recreating the troubled space mission, Apollo 13 pulls no punches: it's a masterfully told drama from director Ron Howard, bolstered by an ensemble of solid performances." Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating to reviews from mainstream critics, gave the film an average score of 77 out of 100, based on 22 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a grade "A" on scale of A+ to F.Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times praised the film in his review, saying: "This is a powerful story, one of the year's best films, told with great clarity and remarkable technical detail, and acted without pumped-up histrionics." Richard Corliss of Time highly praised the film, saying: "From lift-off to splashdown, Apollo 13 gives one hell of a ride." Edward Guthmann of San Francisco Chronicle gave a mixed review and wrote: "I just wish that Apollo 13 worked better as a movie, and that Howard's threshold for corn, mush and twinkly sentiment weren't so darn wide." Peter Travers of Rolling Stone praised the film and wrote: "Howard lays off the manipulation to tell the true story of the near-fatal 1970 Apollo 13 mission in painstaking and lively detail. It's easily Howard's best film."Janet Maslin made the film an NYT Critics' Pick, calling it an "absolutely thrilling" film that "unfolds with perfect immediacy, drawing viewers into the nail-biting suspense of a spellbinding true story." According to Maslin, "like Quiz Show, Apollo 13 beautifully evokes recent history in ways that resonate strongly today. Cleverly nostalgic in its visual style (Rita Ryack's costumes are especially right), it harks back to movie making without phony heroics and to the strong spirit of community that enveloped the astronauts and their families. Amazingly, this film manages to seem refreshingly honest while still conforming to the three-act dramatic format of a standard Hollywood hit. It is far and away the best thing Mr. Howard has done (and Far and Away was one of the other kind)."The academic critic Raymond Malewitz focuses on the DIY aspects of the "mailbox" filtration system to illustrate the emergence of an unlikely hero in late 20th-century American culture—"the creative, improvisational, but restrained thinker—who replaces the older prodigal cowboy heroes of American mythology and provides the country a better, more frugal example of an appropriate 'husband'."Marilyn Lovell praised Quinlan's portrayal of her, stating she felt she could feel what Quinlan's character was going through, and remembered how she felt in her mind.

 Accolades 

 Technical and historical accuracy 

In the film, Lovell tells his wife he was given command of Apollo 13 instead of 14 because original commander Alan Shepard's "ear infection is flaring up again"; in fact, Shepard had no "ear infection"; he had been grounded since 1963 by Ménière's disease. This was surgically corrected four years later and he was returned to flight duty in May 1969; Manned Spacecraft Center management felt he needed more training time for a lunar mission.The film portrays the Saturn V launch vehicle being rolled out to the launch pad two days before launch. In reality, the launch vehicle was rolled out on the Mobile Launcher using the crawler-transporter two months before the launch date.The film depicts the crew hearing a bang quickly after Swigert followed directions from mission control to stir the oxygen and hydrogen tanks. In reality, the crew heard the bang 95 seconds later.The film depicts Sy Liebergot suggesting that the oxygen leak was in one or two of Odyssey's fuel cells, and the order to shut them down was passed up to the crew, forcing abort of the lunar landing mission. In reality, Mission Control did not order the shutdown; Haise found the cells were already dead, because of starvation due to the damage to the oxygen system.The film depicts Swigert and Haise arguing about who was at fault. The show The Real Story: Apollo 13 broadcast on the Smithsonian Channel includes Haise stating that no such argument took place and that there was no way anyone could have foreseen that stirring the tank would cause problems. Similarly on the BBC 13 Minutes to the Moon program, backup lunar module pilot on the mission Charles Duke says the film portrayed Swigert as unprepared for the flight, but it was untrue and that Swigert was very familiar with the module as he had also long worked on developing it.The dialogue between ground control and the astronauts was taken nearly verbatim from transcripts and recordings, with the exception of one of the taglines of the film, "Houston, we have a problem." (This quote was voted #50 on the list "AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes".) According to audio of the air-to-ground communications, the actual words uttered by Swigert were "Okay, Houston, we've had a problem here". Ground control responded by saying, "This is Houston. Say again, please." Jim Lovell then repeated, "Houston, we've had a problem."One other incorrect dialogue is after the re-entry blackout. In the film, Tom Hanks (as Lovell) says "Hello Houston... this is Odyssey... it's good to see you again." In the actual re-entry, the Command Module's transmission was finally acquired by a Sikorsky SH-3D Sea King recovery helicopter which then relayed communications to Mission Control. CAPCOM astronaut Joe Kerwin (not Mattingly, who serves as CAPCOM in this scene in the film) then made a call to the spacecraft "Odyssey, Houston standing by. Over." Swigert, not Lovell, replied "Okay, Joe," and unlike the film, this was well before the parachutes deployed; the celebrations depicted at Mission Control were triggered by visual confirmation of their deployment.The tagline "Failure is not an option", stated in the film by Gene Kranz, also became very popular, but was not taken from the historical transcripts. The following story relates the origin of the phrase, from an e-mail by Apollo 13 Flight Dynamics Officer Jerry Bostick:

As far as the expression "Failure is not an option," you are correct that Kranz never used that term. In preparation for the movie, the script writers, Al Reinart and Bill Broyles, came down to Clear Lake to interview me on "What are the people in Mission Control really like?" One of their questions was "Weren't there times when everybody, or at least a few people, just panicked?" My answer was "No, when bad things happened, we just calmly laid out all the options, and failure was not one of them. We never panicked, and we never gave up on finding a solution." I immediately sensed that Bill Broyles wanted to leave and assumed that he was bored with the interview. Only months later did I learn that when they got in their car to leave, he started screaming, "That's it! That's the tag line for the whole movie, Failure is not an option. Now we just have to figure out who to have say it." Of course, they gave it to the Kranz character, and the rest is history.
In the film, Flight Director Gene Kranz and his White Team are portrayed as managing all of the essential parts of the flight, from liftoff to landing. Consequently, the actual role of the other flight directors and teams, especially Glynn Lunney and his Black Team, were neglected. In fact, it was Flight Director Lunney and his Black Team who got Apollo 13 through its most critical period in the hours immediately after the explosion, including the mid-course correction that sent Apollo 13 on a "free return" trajectory around the Moon and back to the Earth. Astronaut Ken Mattingly, who was replaced as Apollo 13 Command Module Pilot at the last minute by Swigert, later said:

If there was a hero, Glynn Lunney was, by himself, a hero, because when he walked in the room, I guarantee you, nobody knew what the hell was going on. Glynn walked in, took over this mess, and he just brought calm to the situation. I've never seen such an extraordinary example of leadership in my entire career. Absolutely magnificent. No general or admiral in wartime could ever be more magnificent than Glynn was that night. He and he alone brought all of the scared people together.  And you've got to remember that the flight controllers in those days were—they were kids in their thirties. They were good, but very few of them had ever run into these kinds of choices in life, and they weren't used to that. All of a sudden, their confidence had been shaken. They were faced with things that they didn't understand, and Glynn walked in there, and he just kind of took charge.
A DVD commentary track, recorded by Jim and Marilyn Lovell and included with the Signature Laserdisc and later included on both DVD versions, mentions several inaccuracies included in the film, all done for reasons of artistic license:

In the film, Mattingly plays a key role in solving a power consumption problem that Apollo 13 faced as it approached re-entry. Lovell points out in his commentary that this was actually a composite of several astronauts and engineers—including Charles Duke (whose rubella led to Mattingly's grounding)—all of whom worked to solve that problem.
When Swigert is getting ready to dock with the LM, a concerned NASA technician says: "If Swigert can't dock this thing, we don't have a mission." Lovell and Haise also seem worried. In his DVD commentary, the real Jim Lovell says that if Swigert had been unable to dock with the LM, he or Haise could have done it. He also says that Swigert was a well-trained Command Module Pilot, and no one was really worried about whether he was up to the job, but he admitted that it made a nice subplot for the film. What the astronauts were really worried about, Lovell says, was the expected rendezvous between the Lunar Module and the Command Module after Lovell and Haise left the surface of the Moon.
A scene set the night before the launch, showing the astronauts' family members saying their goodbyes while separated by a road, to reduce the possibility of any last-minute transmission of disease, depicted a tradition that did not begin until the Space Shuttle program.
The film depicts Marilyn Lovell accidentally dropping her wedding ring down a shower drain. According to Jim Lovell, this did occur, but the drain trap caught the ring and his wife was able to retrieve it.  Lovell has also confirmed that the scene in which his wife had a nightmare about him being "sucked through an open door of a spacecraft into outer space" also occurred, though he believes the nightmare was prompted by her seeing a scene in Marooned, a 1969 film they saw three months before Apollo 13 launched.

 See also 
From the Earth to the Moon, a 1998 docudrama mini-series based around the Apollo missions
Gravity, a 2013 film about astronauts stranded in Earth orbit
Survival film

 References 

 This article incorporates public domain material from websites or documents of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.

 External links 

Apollo 13 at IMDb 
Apollo 13 at the TCM Movie Database
Apollo 13 at AllMovie
Apollo 13 at Rotten Tomatoes
Apollo 13 at Box Office Mojo

Meat thermometer
A meat thermometer or cooking thermometer is a thermometer used to measure the internal temperature of meat, especially roasts and steaks, and other cooked foods. The degree of "doneness" of meat or bread correlates closely with the internal temperature, so that a thermometer reading indicates when it is cooked as desired. When cooking, food should always be cooked so that the interior reaches a temperature sufficient, that in the case of meat is enough to kill pathogens that may cause foodborne illness or, in the case of bread, that is done baking; the thermometer helps to ensure this.

 Characteristics 
A meat thermometer is a unit which will measure core temperature of meats while cooking. It will have a metal probe with a sharp point which is pushed into the meat, and a dial or digital display. Some show the temperature only; others also have markings to indicate when different kinds of meat are done to a specified degree (e.g., "beef medium rare").
Meat thermometers are usually designed to have the probe in the meat during cooking. Some use a bimetallic strip which rotates a needle which shows the temperature on a dial; the whole thermometer can be left inside the oven during cooking. Another variety commonly used on turkey is the pop-up timer, which uses a spring held in by a soft material that "pops up" when the meat reaches a set temperature. Bimetal coil thermometers and pop-up devices are the least reliable types of meat thermometers and should not be trusted as a standalone meat thermometer.
Other types use an electronic sensor in the probe, connected by a flexible heat-resistant cable to a display. The probe is inserted in the meat, and the cable comes out of the oven (oven seals are flexible enough to allow this without damage) and is connected to the display. These types can be set to sound an alarm when the specified temperature is reached. Wireless types, where the display does not have to be close to the oven, are also available.

 Models 
Meat thermometers have many different models, such as single probe and multiprobe.
Single probe models are usually the cheapest, but they can only monitor one section of the meat, which requires the probe inserted into different places to monitor the whole piece of meat.
Multiprobe models are more expensive, and usually can connect 2–8 probes. More probes means  the temperature of the whole piece of meat can be more accurately monitored.

 Use 
The probe can be inserted into the meat before starting cooking, and cooking continued until the desired internal temperature is reached. Alternatively the meat can be cooked for a certain time and taken out of the oven, and the temperature checked before serving. The tip of the probe should be in the thickest part of the meat, but not touching bone, which conducts heat and gives an overestimate of the meat temperature.

 Poultry 
For poultry insert the meat thermometer into the thigh, but do not touch the bone. The suggested temperature for poultry to reach before it is safe to consume is 74 °C (190 °F), unless the poultry is stuffed, in which case the temperature in the center of the stuffing should be about 74 °C (190 °F).

 Beef, lamb, or veal 
For beef, lamb, or veal insert the meat thermometer away from bone, fat, or cartilage.  The meat should reach a temperature of between 63 °C (145 °F) for medium-rare, and 77 °C (170 °F) for well done.

 Pork 
Pork needs to reach the same temperature 71 °C (160 °F) as beef, lamb, or veal and the same rules for use of the thermometer apply.

 Ground meat 
For ground meat, you should insert the digital food thermometer into the thickest part of the piece. For hamburgers you should insert the thermometer probe through the side of the patty, all the way to the middle. Make sure to check each piece of meat or patty because heat can be uneven. Temperature should be 71 °C (160 °F) for beef, lamb, veal, or pork and 74 °C (165 °F) for poultry.

 Casseroles, and eggs 
For casseroles, and eggs insert the thermometer into the thickest area. The temperature for casseroles should be 71 °C (160 °F) and for eggs 74 °C (165 °F).

 Seafood 
For fish the temperature should be 70 °C (158 °F). For shellfish (for example, shrimp, lobster, crab, scallops, clams, mussels and oysters) the temperature should be at 74 °C (165 °F).

 Other cooking thermometers 
Candy thermometer

 References 

 External links 

Food thermometers

Raisen district
Raisen District is a district of Madhya Pradesh state of India. The town of Raisen is the district headquarters. The district is part of Bhopal Division. Sanchi University of Buddhist-Indic Studies is the first international university located at Sanchi Town.

 Etymology 
Raisen District takes its name from Raisen town, which is named after a fort. This fort is built on a sandstone hill, at the foot of which settles the town. The name is probably a corruption of Rajavasini or Rajasayan, the royal residence.

 Geography 
Raisen district is situated between the latitude 22 47' and 23 33' north and the longitude 7721' and 78 49' east. Sehore District lies in west, Vidisha district in the north, Sagar district in the east and south-east, Narsimhapur district in the south-east, Narmadapuram  and Sehore districts in the south. It covers an area of 8,395 square kilometres (3,241 sq mi).Raisen district has Ten tehsils – Raisen, Goharganj, Begamganj, Gairatganj, Silwani, Bareli, Udaipura, Deori, Sultanpur and Badi.

 History 
The territory of the present-day Raisen district was once part of the Nizamat-A-Mashrif district of the Bhopal princely state. After the Bhopal State of independent India came into being, Raisen was declared a separate district on 5 May 1950.The Buddhist monuments at Sanchi, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, are located in Raisen district. Bhimbetka rock shelters, another UNESCO World Heritage Site, are also located in Raisen district.

 Demographics 

According to the 2011 census Raisen District has a population of 1,331,597, roughly equal to the nation of Mauritius or the US state of Maine. This gives it a ranking of 365th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of 157 inhabitants per square kilometre (410/sq mi) . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 18.36%. Raisen has a sex ratio of 899 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 74.26%. 22.79% of the population lives in urban areas. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes make up 16.96% and 15.40% of the population respectively.

At the time of the 2011 Census of India, 97.28% of the population in the district spoke Hindi and 1.99% Urdu as their first language.

 Tourism 
Raisen District has many tourism places like:

Raisen fort:-Raisen fort is one of the ancient forts of Madhya Pradesh built in 11th century. It is located on the north west corner of the Gondwana on a hilltop on Vindhyanchal range. It has been known for Shiva temple and Mahashivaratri celebrations. Raisen fort has strong connection with Sallam (Salame) dynasty of Gondwana who has also erected two strong forts ( Ginnaurgarh fort and Fatehgarh fort) in Bhopal Gondwana kingdom. Raja Sangram Shah and Rani Durgavati of Garha Mandla had strongholds through many other Rajput kings on this fort until 1564. Sher Shah Suri also repeatedly tried to capture this fort after the 15th century.
Sanchi:- World heritage, 46 km from Bhopal and 32 km from Vidisha
Bhojpur:- The Bhojpur temple houses one of the largest Shiva lingam in India, which is 5.5 m (18 ft) tall and 2.3 m (7.5 ft) in circumference and is crafted out a single rock.
Bheembetka:- It exhibits the earliest traces of human life in India and evidence of the Stone Age starting at the site in Acheulian times.It is located in the Raisen District in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh,

 Transportation 
Raisen is 43.8 km from Bhopal, Its connected to Bhopal via NH-86. NH-12 also passes through the district.

 References 

 External links 

Héctor Bidoglio
Héctor Pablo Bidoglio (born 5 February 1968) is a football manager and former player who played as a midfielder for Venezuela national football team. Currently, he is the technical director of a Malaysia Super League club Johor Darul Ta'zim.Born in Argentina, Bidoglio made a total number of 17 appearances for the Venezuela national team between 1999 and 2000.

 Managerial statistics 
As of match played 1 January 2024

 Honours 

 Manager 
Johor Darul Ta'zim

Malaysia Super League: 2022
Malaysia Cup: 2022
Malaysia FA Cup: 2022

 References 

 External links 
Héctor Bidoglio at National-Football-Teams.com
Hector Pablo Bidoglio at BDFA (in Spanish)
Interview in which Bidoglio speaks about his starting career in Newell's Old Boys
“Buenos” Vinotintos Penquistas

Frances Finch, Countess of Winchilsea and Nottingham
Frances Finch, Countess of Winchilsea and Nottingham (c.1690 – September 1734) was an English aristocrat and social reformer.

 Biography 
She was the daughter of Basil Feilding, 4th Earl of Denbigh, and his wife, the former Hester Firebrace, and was the sister of the 5th Earl. She married Daniel Finch, 8th Earl of Winchilsea in December 1729. They had one daughter, Charlotte, born in 1731.Few details of her life are known; however, she was notable in being one of the aristocratic women who were early supporters of Thomas Coram's efforts to establish a Foundling Hospital. She signed the Ladies' Petition which was delivered to King George II to support the establishment of the Hospital on 25 April 1730, and she is the signatory of whom least is known. This group of women not only lent their prestige and respectability to the endeavour, they made it 'one of the most fashionable charities of the day'. As part of an exhibition celebrating the role of women in the establishment and administration of the Hospital, called Ladies of Quality and Distinction, the Foundling Museum held an exhibition in 2018 which included a family portrait of Francis.Through her marriage she was the aunt of another signatory, Selina Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon.The cause of her death is not known. She is buried at her husband's family seat of Ravenstone, Buckinghamshire.

 References 

Sir William Forbes, 6th Baronet
Sir William Forbes, 6th Baronet of Monymusk and Pitsligo, usually known as William Forbes of Pitsligo  (1739–1806), was a Scottish banker. He was known also as an improving landlord, philanthropist, slave trader and writer.

 Life and career 
He was born in Edinburgh on 5 April 1739. His father Willam Forbes, heir to a Nova Scotia baronetcy, was an advocate; the family estate at Monymusk in Aberdeenshire had been sold by his grandfather. Forbes's maternal grandmother was a sister of Alexander Forbes, 4th Lord Forbes of Pitsligo, whose activities in 1745 led to the forfeiture of his estate, also in Aberdeenshire. His mother, Christian Forbes, was a member of a collateral branch of the Monymusk family, and was left a widow when William, the elder of two surviving boys from a family of five, was only four years old. She settled in Aberdeen in 1745 for the education of her children, who were brought up as Scottish episcopalians. The younger boy died in 1749, and in October 1753 Lady Forbes, with her surviving son, settled in Edinburgh.A friend of the family, Sir Francis Farquharson of Haughton, arranged with Messrs. Coutts, a prominent firm of bankers in Edinburgh, to admit Forbes as an apprentice, and he entered their service in 1754. It was run by the sons of John Coutts. The apprenticeship lasted four years, and then he was clerk in the counting-house for two years more, at the end of which he was given a small share in the business as a partner.In 1761 John Coutts, the principal partner of the Edinburgh firm, died, leaving none of the sons of John Coutts the elder in a position to run it. A new partnership, including Forbes, was proposed and established in 1763. After seven years (in 1770) he married Elizabeth Hay, eldest daughter of Sir James Hay of Smithfield, Bt. His mother died in 1789.
From 1763 to 1773 the active members of the firm, still under the original name, were Sir Robert Herries, Forbes, and James Hunter. The name Coutts was retained till 1773, when a new contract was made, and the firm became Forbes, Hunter, & Co., Sir William Herries having settled in London to conduct in St James's Street the business later known as Herries & Co. Forbes was now the head of the firm, and decided to confine the transactions of the house to banking alone. The house became one of the most trusted in Scotland, and remained stable in the financial crises and panics of 1772, 1788, and 1793. In 1783 the firm, after difficult preliminaries, began to issue notes.Forbes had become an authority on finance, and in 1783 he took part in preparing the revised Bankruptcy Act. William Pitt used to consult him, and adopted in 1790 some of his suggestions on the stamps on bills of exchange. In 1799 Pitt offered him an Irish peerage, which he declined. The company in 1838 became the Union Bank of Scotland.Forbes worked to win back some of the alienated possessions of his ancestors. Lord Pitsligo's only son, the Hon. John Forbes, had bought Pitsligo. William Forbes bought some of the upper barony (the lower barony had passed by purchase to a stranger), and on the death of John Forbes he succeeded in 1781 to the whole. He improved the estate and laid out the village of New Pitsligo in 1783. In that year he was one of the co-founders of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Forbes was also involved in philanthropic projects in Edinburgh: the High School, the Merchant Company, the Morningside Lunatic Asylum, and the Blind Asylum. Forbes and his business partner Hunter Blair supported the construction of the South Bridge. He also succeeded in giving the Scottish episcopalians a surer standing in Edinburgh. Archibald Alison was brought to the city at his suggestion, and in Alison's works there is a funeral sermon to his memory.His Edinburgh property was Clam Shell Land on the Royal Mile (still marked with a carved clam shell but no longer known by this name) until around 1770 when he moved to a new property in the New Town, Edinburgh.In March 1792 he was elected Rector of Marischal College, Aberdeen on the death of the incumbent rector, Sir William Fordyce. He retained this position until 1794 when he was succeeded by James Ferguson MP. 
In 1801 he commissioned Edinburgh architect Richard Crichton to build a new mansion, Colinton House, in the grounds of Old Colinton House (which was left to become ruinous), all of which he had purchased from the Foulis family. The property passed to the son William on his death, and is now the main building of Merchiston Castle School.
Forbes declined invitations to stand for parliament. He was a member of Samuel Johnson's literary dining club, and he is mentioned in James Boswell's Tour to the Hebrides. Lady Forbes, with whom he made his only lengthy visit to the continent in 1792–3, died in 1802. He died at 39 George Street in Edinburgh on 12 November 1806. He is buried in Greyfriars Kirkyard in the vault immediately east of MacKenzie's domed tomb on the south side. The vault was built at the height of the graverobbing fears in Edinburgh and demonstrates the design art of "secure burial".

 Works 
His long friendship with the poet James Beattie enabled him to produce An Account of the Life and Writings of James Beattie, LL.D., including many of his Original Letters. This appeared in two quarto volumes in 1806, and was republished in three octavo volumes the following year. Forbes had written before this the tribute to his mother, which remained in manuscript till 1875, another portion of the same manuscript, not hitherto printed, being devoted to the memory of his wife. In the Narrative of the last Sickness and Death of Dame Christian Forbes, 1875, Forbes paid tribute to his mother.
He was also author of Memoirs of a Banking-House in 1803.

 Children 
On 20 September 1770 Forbes married Elizabeth Hay (died 26 December 1789), daughter of Sir James Hay of Haystoun, 4th Baronet of Smithfield, and Dorriel Campbell.  Miss Hay was a noted singer with the Edinburgh Music Society based in St Cecilia's Hall.They had thirteen children:

Sir William Forbes, 7th Baronet of Pitsligo (21 December 1773 – 10 October 1828)
Christian Forbes, daughter, (6 June 1775 – 1863), who married Sir Alexander Wood
John Hay Forbes, Lord Medwyn (19 September 1776 – 25 July 1854)
James Forbes (9 April 1778)
Rebecca Forbes, daughter, (24 Dec. 1779–1826) who married Alexander Ranaldson MacDonell of Glengarry
Elizabeth Forbes, daughter, (2 March 1781 – 1840), who married Colin Mackenzie of Portmore WS FRSE. Elizabeth was a great beauty and was painted by Sir Henry Raeburn
Daniel Forbes (7 August 1782)
Adam Forbes (7 September 1783)
Grace Forbes, daughter, (23 March 1785)
Jane Forbes, daughter, (10 June 1787–24 Nov. 1862) who married, 11 September 1806, James Skene of Rubislaw. Parents to William Forbes Skene
Frances Farquharson Forbes, daughter, (10 August 1788)
George Forbes (5 September 1790 – 26 September 1857), banker
Charles Forbes (23 November 1791)His grandchildren include James David Forbes and Sir John Stuart Hepburn Forbes and famous great-grandchildren include George Forbes.

 References 

Profile, electricscotland.com. Accessed 16 June 2007
Profile, stirnet.com. Accessed 16 June 2007
"Memoirs of a Banking-House" (fully online)

Pornography and erotica in the Philippines
In the Philippines, pornography is not specifically defined in Philippine law, but the Revised Penal Code of the Philippines considers certain acts to be obscene or indecent and these are prohibited as immoral doctrines, obscene publications, indecent shows, or other similar material or portrayals that advocate human immorality, obscenity, and indecency. Philippine legislation penalizes participation in these unlawful activities, and Republic Act No. 7610 extends punishment to those involved in child abuse, child exploitation, child prostitution and  discrimination of children.

 Historical background 
Pornographic materials first arrived in the Philippines in 1946, in the form of pornographic magazines imported from the United States.  During the 1960s, magazines for women in the Philippines featured literary articles featuring topics on contraception, sexual health, marriage, erotica and sexual liberation with the purpose of improving marital relationship, and not as an impediment or replacement to romantic or appropriate natural and normal human sexuality.
Also in this decade, pornography became accessible to interested affluent adult men and women who are in a mature relationship that can be viewed through eight-millimeter portable film projectors, before the introduction of the more affordable videocassettes.  Although illegal, local video rental shops and newsstands became the primary channel of for-sale and rented pornographic materials.  Locally produced pornographic and erotic media in the Philippines became available in the forms of published materials and pre-recorded and live sex shows.  The first soft-core pornographic Philippine-made movie appeared in the 1970s, entitled Uhaw (literally, "thirst", but figuratively denotes "sexual hunger" or "sexual desire"), a film wherein the lead female role was portrayed by a former Philippine beauty pageant queen, Merle Fernandez, older sister of the action star Rudy Fernandez.  Production of homemade and poor quality hardcore sexually-oriented films also appeared later on, prior to the arrival of CDs, VCDs, DVDs, cable television, mail-order services and Internet-accessible visuals and information on sexual activity.

 Philippine pornography industry and market 
According to a news report by the American Chronicle on May 30, 2009, the underground Philippine pornography industry earned about $1 billion in American dollars in 2006, ranking the illegal Philippine pornography black market in eighth place around the world, tied together with Canada and Taiwan.  Pornographic film producers have offices in Angeles City, Olongapo, Manila, Pasay, Makati, and Quezon City, where male and female prostitutes are hired to play sexual roles for adult films. The hardcore pornography industry is non-existent in the Philippines, but such productions are subcontracted by foreign producers – including businessmen from the United States – to local filmmakers.

 Erotic publications 
In general, there are three major categories of erotic publications in the Philippines.Long after the publication of the Tik-Tik, Sakdal, and Playboy Scenes magazines in the Philippines, a Filipino edition of Playboy, named Playboy Philippines, was initiated in the country on March 15, 2008.  Its first issue was released in April 2008.  There was a difference in the presentation for its Filipino audience and readership in order not to go against Filipino business, cultural, and social values.  Among these characteristic differences from its Western or typically racy counterparts are the non-display of frontal nudity and human genitalia, although it features Filipino women as "playmates".

 Survey 
An informal consumption survey was conducted by a Filipino medical practitioner, revealed that modern-day Filipino men and women have different purposes for viewing or reading erotic and sexually related materials.  Based on the study, female consumers evolves around the "couple context" or relationship context, while male patrons do so in relation to solitary sexual activity.  Leyson's study also found out that there is a continuous rise in preferences among “educated, sophisticated, and professional” men and women who are engaged in an intimate relationship for so-called "clean" or "softcore" versions of sexually-oriented resources.

 See also 
Bomba (genre)
Child pornography laws in the Philippines
Anti-Trafficking in Persons Act of 2003

 References 

 External links 
Articles About Pornography from PRO-LIFE Philippine Foundation, Inc., pro-life.org.ph
Factbook on Global Sexual Exploitation: The Philippines, uri.edu
Sparrow, William. Philippines Exporting Labor and Sex, Sex in Depth, Southeast Asia, Asia Times Online, atimes.com, March 15, 2008
Sex in Cyberspace Alarms (Philippine) Senate; Probe Pressed, from the Manila Bulletin, March 11, 1996
Stop Child Porn Today!, UNICEF Philippines, unicef.org
Photography & Power: Dressing & Undressing the Filipino, digicoll.library.wisc.edu
Sex in Philippine Cinema (2004), imdb.com
Philippine adult history, imdb.com

Deck the Halls (2006 film)
Deck the Halls is a 2006 American Christmas comedy film directed by John Whitesell, written by Matt Corman, Chris Ord, and Don Rhymer, and starring Danny DeVito, Matthew Broderick, Kristin Davis, and Kristin Chenoweth. The film was released on November 22, 2006, by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment on DVD on November 6, 2007. It was a critical and commercial failure.

 Plot 
In the fictional town of Cloverdale, Massachusetts, optometrist and self-proclaimed Christmas expert Steve Finch wants his family, consisting of wife Kelly, daughter Madison, and son Carter, to have a great Christmas, filled with traditions such as using an Advent calendar, taking Christmas card pictures in matching sweaters, and buying a large tree.
In the middle of the night on December 1, new neighbors move in across the street: car salesman and electrical engineer Buddy Hall and his trophy wife Tia, both of whom Steve and Kelly meet the next morning. Later that day, Kelly goes with Madison and Carter to the Hall house, where they meet the Halls’ teenage twin daughters, Ashley and Emily. Tia and Kelly immediately become friends, as do Ashley, Emily, and Madison.
Buddy goes to work as a used car salesman, where he sells a car to the owner of the dealership, giving him a promotion. That night, Tia complains to Buddy that while Buddy can sell anything he soon gets bored, that she's fed up with always moving on, to which Buddy responds he wants to achieve something greater than selling cars or copiers. After discovering that the neighborhood can be seen on satellite photos, but that his house is not visible, Buddy decides to make it visible using Christmas lights. As his display grows bigger, including live animals, it gets Buddy known around town, angering Steve and threatening his position as the “Christmas guy.”
Steve's envy towards Buddy increases; in various incidents, Steve's Christmas-card photo is ruined when two of Buddy's phonophobic feral horses get startled by the sleigh bells and take Steve for a wild ride which ends with him falling into a frozen lake, his car doors are ripped off during one of Buddy's light shows, and his private Christmas-tree lot is destroyed by a fire when Buddy accidentally spills gasoline with his chainsaw. Eventually, Buddy's house is completely lit, and even synchronized to music. Steve manages to sabotage Buddy's lights by filling his fusebox with snow, but a backup generator foils his plan. Buddy discovers the sabotage and retaliates by stealing the town's Christmas tree, putting it in Steve's house, and "buying" him a car.
Buddy and Steve make a bet: if Steve beats Buddy in the WinterFest speedskating race, then Buddy removes the lights, and if Buddy beats Steve, Steve pays for the car. Buddy wins, causing Steve to yell at Buddy for being a nobody, since his house is still not visible from space. Hurt, Buddy compensates by buying a huge amount of programmable LED lights, which he pays for by hocking Tia's expensive heirloom vase, and Tia and the girls depart.
Having had enough, Steve buys various fireworks including The Atomic Warlord, a large, illegal, military-grade rocket from a gangster and tries to destroy the Hall house. The rocket misfires, setting the town Christmas tree on fire, and Steve's family leaves, but not before Kelly scolds Steve for ignoring his children to focus on Buddy.
Steve discovers Buddy has been stealing the former's power for the latter's lights. However, after seeing Buddy taking down his lights, a remorseful Steve forgives Buddy. The two forget their rivalry and build a winter wonderland with all of Buddy's lights. They lure Tia, Kelly, and the kids home and all sit down to a nice meal made by both Steve and Buddy.
Soon, the whole town arrives at Buddy's house to help put Buddy's lights back up in time for a story about them on MTV. They do not work, and everyone sings carols and uses their cell phones as flashlights. As they sing, Steve accepts Buddy's offer to be his friend, and Carter notices that the lights did not work because one of the plugs is not plugged in properly. He tightly plugs it in, causing the lights to shine brightly through the night. SuChin Pak, doing the MTV report, gets confirmation from MyEarth that the house is indeed visible from space, and the crowd celebrates.

 Cast 

 Production 

 Filming 
The film was originally entitled All Lit Up, and while it was set in the United States, it was shot in Cloverdale, Surrey, Ocean Park, Surrey, and other locations throughout Metro Vancouver.
In the scene in which Steve and Buddy are in a speedskating race, Matthew Broderick had to train with a real Olympic speed skater trainer for a few weeks before he could film that scene. He trained at Chelsea Piers in New York.

 Reception 

 Box office 
The film grossed $35.1 million in North America and $12.1 million in other territories for a total of $47.2 million, against a budget of $51 million, making it a box office failure where it only earned back 91.8% of its total budget.The film grossed $12 million in its opening weekend, finishing fourth at the box office.

 Critical response 
Deck the Halls was panned by critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 6% based on 85 reviews with an average rating of 3/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Relying on flat humor and a preposterous plot, Deck the Halls is an unnecessarily mean-spirited holiday movie that does little to put viewers in a holiday mood." This was the third-worst reviewed Christmas movie on the site, after The Nutcracker in 3D and Christmas with the Kranks, respectively. On Metacritic, the film has a score of 28 out of 100 based on 22 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B−" on an A+ to F scale.Roger Moore of the Orlando Sentinel named it "A leaden slice of fruitcake, with about as much nutritional value," and concluding that "it's not worth working up a good hate over". Stephen Hunter remarked "I literally didn't count a single laugh in the whole aimless schlep," and suggested that the film should have been named Dreck the Halls instead. Michael Medved named it the "Worst Movie of 2006." Finally, Richard Roeper, co-host of the television show Ebert & Roeper, wrote:

"You can't believe how excruciatingly awful this movie is. It is bad in a way that will cause unfortunate viewers to huddle in the lobby afterward, hugging in small groups, consoling one another with the knowledge that it's over, it's over -- thank God, it's over. [...] Compared to the honest hard labor performed by tens of millions of Americans every day, a film critic's job is like a winning lottery ticket. But there IS work involved, and it can be painful -- and the next time someone tells me I have the best job in the world, I'm going to grab them by the ear, fourth-grade-teacher-in-1966-style, and drag them to see Deck the Halls."

 Accolades 
The film was nominated for three Golden Raspberry Awards: 

Worst Excuse For Family Entertainment
Worst Supporting Actor (Danny DeVito)
Worst Supporting Actress (Kristin Chenoweth).

 See also 
List of Christmas films

 References 

 External links 

Deck the Halls at IMDb 
Deck the Halls at AllMovie
Deck the Halls at Rotten Tomatoes

2022 SCO summit
The 2022 SCO summit was the 22nd annual summit of heads of state of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation held between 15 and 16 September 2022 in Samarkand, Uzbekistan.

 Proceedings 
As part of the meetings, general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and Chinese president Xi Jinping met with Russian president Vladimir Putin. During the meeting, Putin acknowledged that the Chinese side had "concerns and questions" over Russia's invasion of Ukraine.Putin also met with Indian prime minister Narendra Modi. During the meeting, Modi said that "today's era is not of war".The leaders of Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan met to discuss the 2022 Kyrgyzstan–Tajikistan clashes which escalated during the summit.Iran formally submitted its application to join the SCO as a full member state, which is expected to become effective within a year.Turkey also announced its intention to join in the future.

 Member states leaders and other dignitaries in attendance 

 Member states 
 China – General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and President of China Xi Jinping
 India – Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi
 Kazakhstan – President of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev
 Kyrgyzstan – President of the Kyrgyz Republic Sadyr Japarov
 Pakistan – Prime Minister of Pakistan Shehbaz Sharif
 Russia – President of Russia Vladimir Putin
 Tajikistan – President of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon
 Uzbekistan – President of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev

 Observer states 
 Belarus – President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko
 Iran – President of Iran Ebrahim Raisi
 Mongolia – President of Mongolia Ukhnaagiin Khürelsükh

 Invited guests 
 Azerbaijan – President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev
 Turkey – President of Türkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan
 Turkmenistan – President of Turkmenistan Serdar Berdimuhamedow

 International organizations 
 Collective Security Treaty Organization
 Commonwealth of Independent States
 Conference on Interaction and Confidence-Building Measures in Asia
Economic Cooperation Organization
 Eurasian Economic Union
 United Nations

 References 

Edward Plunkett, 14th Baron of Dunsany
Edward Wadding Plunkett, 14th Baron Dunsany (7 April 1773 – 11 December 1848) was an Anglo-Irish peer.

 Biography 
He was the son of Randall Plunkett, 13th Baron of Dunsany, and Margaret Mandeville, and he inherited his father's title of Baron of Dunsany on 4 April 1821. Between 1835 and his death he was Lord Lieutenant of Meath. On 18 January 1836, he was elected as an Irish representative peer and took his seat in the House of Lords as a Conservative.On 20 June 1803, he married Hon. Charlotte Louisa Lawless, a daughter of Nicholas Lawless, 1st Baron Cloncurry. They had two sons (Randall and Edward, both of whom would succeed to their father's title in turn) and one daughter. After his first wife's death in 1818, he married secondly Hon. Eliza Kinnaird, a daughter of George Kinnaird, 7th Lord Kinnaird, on 26 March 1823.

 References 

Marvin Vettori
Marvin Vettori (Italian pronunciation: [vetˈtɔːri]; born September 20, 1993) is an Italian professional mixed martial artist. He currently competes in the Middleweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). A professional since 2012, Vettori is a former Venator FC Welterweight Champion. As of September 12, 2023, he is #5 in the UFC middleweight rankings.

 Background 
The eldest of three siblings, Vettori was born in Trento, Italy. He was interested in martial arts at a young age, and started practicing kickboxing as his first real martial art around the age of 13. He was inspired to train mixed martial arts after watching fighters such as Fedor Emelianenko in PRIDE on TV when he was sixteen.When he started out training MMA in Italy, Vettori went to six different gyms to get all the skills and training he needed, as in Italy, at that time, the sport was still growing and a proper MMA gym was hard to find. He moved to London in 2012 for two years to train MMA and later moved to the United States to train at Kings MMA.Vettori trains six days per week and his typical training day would split into two sessions, one in the morning and one in the evening. He starts out his training at 10 am to train on his striking technique with his coach, Rafael Cordeiro, for an hour, followed by wrestling drills and cage work with the help of Mark Muñoz. The second session would be in the evening to work on either conditioning or BJJ training which usually would end at 10 p.m.Vettori also has a clothing line coming up called 'Italian Dream Apparel'.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
Vettori fought in the European circuit and amassed a record of 10–2 prior joining the UFC.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 

 2016 
Vettori made his UFC debut on August 20, 2016, at UFC 202 against Alberto Emilliano Pereira. He tapped out Pereira via guillotine choke in round one.Vettori next faced Antônio Carlos Júnior at UFC 207 on December 30, 2016. Both Vettori and Carlos Júnior committed eyepokes and received a warning each from the referee but no point was deducted. The fight lasted three rounds and Vettori lost via unanimous decision, with 29–28 scores across the board.

 2017 
Vettori faced Vitor Miranda on June 25, 2017, at UFC Fight Night: Chiesa vs. Lee. He won the fight by unanimous decision.Vettori faced Omari Akhmedov on December 30 at UFC 219. The back-and-forth fight ended in a majority draw. One of the judges scored it 29–28 for Vettori, and the others viewed it as a 28–28 draw, with Akhmedov winning the first two rounds, but Vettori having a dominant 10–8 round in the third.

 2018 
Vettori's next fight was scheduled on April 14, 2018, against future champion Israel Adesanya at UFC on Fox 29. He lost the fight via a split decision, with two judges scoring the fight 29–28 for Adesanya, and the third judging it as 29–28 for Vettori.

 2019 
On April 23, 2019, it was reported that Vettori was suspended for 6 months as he tested positive for ostarine, a selective androgen receptor modulator, from an out-of-competition test conducted on August 24, 2018. The United States Anti-Doping Agency determined that the positive test was the result of a contaminated dietary supplement, and found no evidence of intentional use of the banned substance. He became eligible to fight again on February 24, 2019.Vettori faced Cezar Ferreira on July 13, 2019, at UFC Fight Night 155. He won the fight via unanimous decision.After the fight with Ferreira, Vettori signed a new contract with the UFC and was scheduled to face Andrew Sanchez on September 14, 2019, at UFC Fight Night 158, replacing injured David Branch.  However, it was reported that Sanchez was forced to pull from the event due to an eye infection, resulting in the cancellation of the bout. In turn, the pairing was left intact and eventually took place a month later at UFC Fight Night 161. Vettori won the fight via unanimous decision.

 2020 
Vettori was scheduled to face Darren Stewart on March 21, 2020, at UFC Fight Night: Woodley vs. Edwards. However, due to COVID-19 pandemic, the event was cancelled. Vettori was scheduled to meet Karl Roberson on April 25, 2020. However, on April 9, Dana White announced that this event was postponed. Instead Vettori was scheduled to face Karl Roberson on May 13, 2020, at UFC Fight Night: Smith vs. Teixeira. At the weigh-ins, Roberson weighed in at 187.5 pounds, 1.5 pounds over the middleweight non-title weight limit of 186 pounds. However, Roberson was removed from the fight due to rhabdomyolysis. The pair met on June 13, 2020, at UFC on ESPN: Eye vs. Calvillo. At the weigh-ins on June 12, Roberson once again missed weight, this time coming in at 190.5 pounds, 4.5 pounds over the non-title middleweight limit. The bout proceeded as a catchweight and Roberson was fined 30% of his purse. Vettori won the bout via first round submission. This win earned him the Performance of the Night award.Vettori was briefly linked to a rematch with Omari Akhmedov for UFC 256 on December 12, 2020, but it was later announced Vettori was expected to face Ronaldo Souza at the event. Vettori instead faced Jack Hermansson on 5 December 2020 at UFC on ESPN 19, after Hermannson's original opponent Kevin Holland tested positive for COVID-19. He won the fight via unanimous decision. This fight earned him the Fight of the Night award.

 2021 
Vettori was scheduled to face Darren Till on April 10, 2021, at UFC on ABC 2. However, on March 30, Till announced that he was pulling out of the fight due to a broken collarbone. Till was replaced by Kevin Holland. Vettori won the fight against Holland by unanimous decision, after dominating him on the ground for the majority of the fight.A rematch between Vettori and Israel Adesanya for the UFC Middleweight Championship took place on June 12, 2021, headlining UFC 263. Vettori lost the fight via unanimous decision.Vettori faced Paulo Costa in a light heavyweight bout, after Costa could not make middleweight the week of the fight, on October 23, 2021, at UFC Fight Night 196. Vettori won the fight via unanimous decision. This win earned him Performance of the Night award.

 2022 
Vettori was scheduled to face former middleweight champion Robert Whittaker on June 11, 2022, at UFC 275. However, Whittaker withdrew for unknown reasons. The pair was rescheduled to meet at UFC Fight Night 209 on September 3, 2022.  Vettori lost the fight via unanimous decision.

 2023 
Vettori faced Roman Dolidze on March 18, 2023, at UFC 286. He won the fight via unanimous decision.Vettori faced Jared Cannonier on June 17, 2023, at UFC on ESPN 47. Vettori lost the bout via unanimous decision. The bout won Vettori his second Fight of the Night bonus award.

 2024 
Vettori is scheduled to face Brendan Allen on April 6, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 242.

 Professional grappling career 
Vettori competed in a no gi grappling match, replacing Belal Muhammad, against Tarek Suleiman in the co-main event of ADXC 1 on October 20, 2023. He won the match by unanimous decision.

 Championships and accomplishments 

 Mixed martial arts 
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (Two times)  vs. Karl Roberson and Paulo Costa
Fight of the Night (Two times)  vs. Jack Hermansson and Jared Cannonier
Third most total strikes landed in UFC Middleweight division history (1370)Sixth most significant strikes landed in UFC Middleweight division history (966)
Second most takedowns landed in a UFC Middleweight division bout (11) (vs. Kevin Holland)
Venator Fighting Championship
VFC Welterweight Championship (One time)
MMAjunkie.com
2023 June Fight of the Month vs. Jared Cannonier

 Controversies 
On March 24, 2023, Vettori took part in a brawl against the Italian rapper Ion at a boxing event in Milan in which he was present as a guest spectator.

 Mixed martial arts record 

 Pay-per-view bouts 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 
Official website 
Professional MMA record for Marvin Vettori from Sherdog
Marvin Vettori at UFC

Department of Sundarban Affairs (West Bengal)
Department of Sundarban Affairs is a ministerial office jurisdicted by the  Government of West Bengal. It is mainly used for promoting social, economic and cultural advancement of people residing in the Sundarban areas of the districts of North & South 24 Parganas.

 Activities 
In terms of Rules of Business framed under Article 166(3) of the Constitution of India , this department performs the following functions of the Government:
Promotion of socio - economic and Cultural Advancement of people residing in the Sundarban areas of the District of North 24 Parganas and South 24 Parganas
Financing, regulation and inspection of bodies established for the purpose to be made.
All matters in connection with or in relation to the Constitution of India and functioning of the Sundarban Development Board.
Co-ordination of development schemes and projects such as:i) Livelihoods:--> Agriculture, Pisciculture, Forestry;
ii) Water supply and sanitation;
iii) Disaster risk management and erosion control ;
iv) Energy ;
v) Transportation;
vi) Education;
vii) Awareness creation etc in the Sundarban areas of the District of North and South 24 Parganas.

 References 

Karen Aston
Karen Sue Aston (born July 26, 1964 in Benton, Arkansas) is an American basketball player and coach. She is currently the head coach of the UTSA Roadrunners women's basketball team. She has served as the head women's basketball coach at Texas, Charlotte, and North Texas. Aston has a career record of 285-146 (.661). In her 13 seasons as a head coach, Aston’s teams have averaged 22 wins per year and have made a combined 10 postseason appearances.
Aston was one of four finalists for the Naismith Women’s College Coach of the Year award in 2017 and was one of 10 semifinalists for the honor in 2018. She also earned Big 12 Coach of the Year accolades in 2017.

 Background 
In her career as a college assistant coach, Aston has served under three coaches in the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame. As associate head coach at Baylor, she worked for Kim Mulkey; in an earlier stint at Baylor she served under Sonja Hogg. Prior to becoming Baylor's associate head coach, she served eight seasons in the same capacity at The University of Texas at Austin under Jody Conradt.

 Charlotte 
Aston was introduced as the 49ers' new head coach on April 27, 2007. She replaced Amanda Butler, who left Charlotte after six seasons (two as head coach) to coach her alma mater, the University of Florida. Aston inherited a 49ers team that had made five consecutive postseason appearances including a WNIT berth in 2007. After a WNIT appearance in 2008, she led the 49ers to the 2009 Atlantic 10 Conference Tournament Title, and an 11th seed in the 2009 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament. After a run to the final four of the WNIT in 2011, Aston resigned on April 6, 2011 and soon thereafter accepted the head coaching position at North Texas in order to be closer to her family in Arkansas.

 North Texas 
On April 11, 2011, Karen Aston was named the sixth head coach of the University of North Texas women's basketball program. She returned to the university where she had coached as an assistant from 1996 to 1998 under longtime UNT head coach Tina Slinker. Aston took over a program that had gone 5–25 the previous year, and tripled that win total her first year with a 15–16 overall record. On February 18, 2012, Aston earned her 100th victory as a head coach.

 Texas 
Aston was named the fourth head coach in University of Texas women's basketball history on April 3, 2012. At the University of Texas, Aston led the Longhorns to a 184-83 (.689) record in eight seasons. In her final seven seasons combined at Texas, Aston’s teams averaged 24.6 wins per year, making six NCAA Tournament appearances. From 2015-18, her squads made four consecutive NCAA Sweet 16 showings, marking the first time that had been accomplished at Texas since 1990.  Aston also directed the 2015-16 Longhorns to the program’s first NCAA Elite Eight appearance since 2003.Six of Aston’s Texas players (Nneka Enemkpali, Imani McGee-Stafford, Ariel Atkins, Joyner Holmes, Sug Sutton and Charli Collier) were drafted by WNBA teams. Collier was the first pick in the 2021 WNBA Draft. McGee-Stafford (10th) and Atkins (7th) also were selected as first-round picks. As a starter, Atkins helped lead the Washington Mystics to the 2019 WNBA Championship and has earned WNBA All-Defensive Team honors in each of her three seasons.Each of Aston's eight teams at Texas ranked in the top-25 nationally in rebounding margin, including three years in the top-five. Her 2017-18 and 2018-19 teams ranked third in the NCAA in rebounding margin. Four of the top-eight single-season team rebounding averages in Texas history came during Aston’s tenure, as did five of the top-nine best seasons in field-goal percentage defense. 
Aston’s prowess as one of the nation’s best recruiters is also well known. Five of the classes she recruited to Texas were ranked among the top-11 in the nation according to ESPN.com, including three top-five classes. Recruits Charli Collier and Joyner Holmes were both No. 2 prospects according to ESPN and were listed as the nation’s top recruits by some services. Aston brought 14 McDonalds All-Americans to Texas during her eight seasons.  

 Head coaching record 

 References 

 External links 
Karen Aston Official Bio from texassports.com

2022 Singapore Cup
The 2022 Singapore Cup was the 23rd edition of the Singapore Cup, Singapore's annual premier club football knock-out tournament organised by the Football Association of Singapore. 
Tampines Rovers were the defending champions, having won the tournament when it was last held in 2019. The cup had returned after a pandemic-enforced absence over the past two years. The draw was held on 27 September 2022.Hougang United defeated defending champions Tampines Rovers 3–2 in the final to win their inaugural Singapore Cup.

 Format 

 Competition 
The 2022 Singapore Cup commenced on 27 October 2022 with a group phase of two groups with four teams each. The teams competed in a single-round group stage. The top two teams advanced to the semifinals with the group winners facing the runner-up team from the other group.

 Groups 

 Group A 

 Group B 

 Semi-finals 
The first legs will be played on 11 November 2022, and the second legs will be played on 15 November 2022.

Hougang United won 7–5 on aggregate.

Tampines won 9–1 on aggregate.

 3rd / 4th 

 Final 

 Season statistics 

 References 

Jim Watson (Canadian politician)
James Alexander Watson (born July 30, 1961) is a Canadian politician who served as the 56th mayor of Ottawa from 2010 to 2022. Previously, he served as an Ottawa city councillor from 1991 to 1997, and as mayor from 1997 to 2000.
Watson subsequently represented the riding of Ottawa West—Nepean in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 2003 to 2010. He served in the Cabinet of Premier Dalton McGuinty in the portfolios of Consumer and Business Services (2003–2005), Health Promotion (2005–2007), and Municipal Affairs and Housing (2007–2010). He resigned in January 2010 to run for mayor in the 2010 Ottawa municipal election. He was re-elected mayor in 2014 and in 2018. On March 20, 2021, Watson became the longest serving mayor in the city's history, surpassing Stanley Lewis who held office from 1936 to 1948.

 Early life 
Watson was born on July 30, 1961, in Montreal, Quebec as the second child to Frances (née Murdoch) and Beverley "Bev" Watson. He grew up in Lachute, but his family moved a few times during his childhood for his father's work, taking him to Beaconsfield, Thornhill, and Sarnia. He graduated from high school from Northern Collegiate in Sarnia. Watson later moved to Ottawa to attend Carleton University and graduated in 1983 with a Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communications from the Faculty of Public Affairs. He first got involved in the political sphere during his second year of studies in 1982, when he served as the President of the Rideau River Residence Association (RRRA). Watson began his career working in journalism for a few local newspapers, and later entered the federal public service, where he rose to the position of Director of Communications for the Speaker of the House of Commons.

 Municipal politics in Ottawa 

 City Council 
Watson first entered public office in 1991 when he was elected to pre-amalgamation Ottawa's City Council as councillor for Capital Ward. He was subsequently re-elected to Council in 1994. In 1992 Watson championed a roll-back of salaries and operating costs at the city level. His first direct action against excessive city spending was his unilateral decision to donate his yearly 2% salary increase, totalling $700, to charity. In addition, as part of the re-election process Watson donated his severance pay of $5200 to four local charities after moving from Regional to City Council in 1994. During his second term as councillor, Watson reduced his own salary by 13% from $51,000 to $45,000 while voting to reduce the mayor's office budget and salary. In 1996, he supported Dalton McGuinty's bid to lead the Ontario Liberal party, though at the time he still considered himself a "Red Tory", dating back from his university days when he was a member of the Progressive Conservatives.

 First mayoral term (pre-amalgamation) 
In 1997, Watson sought election as Mayor of Ottawa, winning 83 per cent of the popular vote to become Ottawa's youngest-ever mayor at age 36. During his term as mayor, Watson's emphasis centred on ensuring that the City adopt sustainable fiscal management policies which would enable overall operating costs to go down while reducing budget deficits and the city's debt burden. In conjunction, Watson managed to freeze property tax rates for two consecutive years. He also championed a plan with two other councillors, Peter Hume and John O'Neil, to save the historic Aberdeen Pavilion from being torn down.

 After municipal politics 
Watson resigned as mayor on August 14, 2000 to become president and CEO of the Canadian Tourism Commission. During his time with the federal crown corporation, Watson secured additional funding for the industry following the 2001 crisis of the 9/11 attacks and the softening of the global tourism industry.
In 2003, Watson left public service to pursue a career in media as host of CHRO-TV's The New RO @ Noon. He was also a regular contributor to the Ottawa radio station CFRA and the Ottawa Citizen.
Watson has served on the board or as honorary chair of several community organizations including the Riverside Hospital, the National Arts Centre, the Central Canada Exhibition Association, the Christmas Exchange of Ottawa and the Forum for Young Canadians. He served as chair of the United Way's 2002 campaign, which raised a record $21 million.

 Provincial politics 
In the 2003 provincial election, Watson defeated Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario incumbent Garry Guzzo to become the Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) for the Ottawa West-Nepean riding and was appointed by Premier of Ontario Dalton McGuinty as Minister of Consumer and Business Services on October 23, 2003.  He became Ontario's first Minister of Health Promotion on June 29, 2005.

 Minister of Consumer and Business Services 
Watson worked alongside the Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) to create a "Fraud Free Calendar" in order to help protect consumers, particularly seniors, from high pressure sales tactics, which often lead to impulse purchases. In the spring of 2004, the Federal and Provincial governments signed a joint service delivery accord, creating a "one stop shop" in many communities for provincial and federal services. This accord later included municipalities, in order to provide many government services in one location, for example Ottawa City Hall. Upon inheriting a massive backlog in birth certificate applications, Watson took action to streamline the delivery process for online applicants. After a cabinet shuffle, Dalton McGuinty and Gerry Phillips implemented a money-back guarantee to individuals who do not receive a birth certificate within 15 days of the online application, which Watson had initiated.

 Minister of Health Promotion 
Watson initiated a study designed to help Ontarians quit smoking. STOP – Smoking Treatment for Ontario Patients – offered free nicotine replacement therapy to 14,000 smokers across the province. On May 31, 2006, the Smoke-Free Ontario Act came into effect, banning all smoking in public areas in the province, including in restaurants, bars, casinos, etc. Watson was recognized for its implementation. In June of that year, Watson unveiled a $10-million Healthy Eating and Active Living Plan. The plan took aim at childhood obesity, which included a pilot project in Northern schools, offering fruits and vegetables to the students and a program that looked to develop and improve safe biking and walking to and from schools. In 2006, the Ontario government launched a project which provided financial assistance to Ontario athletes looking to perform at the national and international levels. Quest For Gold is now part of the Ontario Athlete Assistance Program (OAAP), funded by the Government of Ontario, through the Ministry of Tourism, Culture & Sport.  The Program provided direct financial assistance to Ontario athletes through an "Ontario Card" designation. The intent of the OAAP is to provide funding to individual athletes based on their demonstrated commitment to high performance sport, allowing them to pursue athletic excellence at the highest levels of national and international competition.

 Minister of Municipal Affairs 
After the 2007 election, Watson became Minister of Municipal Affairs and Housing. During his tenure as Queen's Park's official liaison with Ontario's municipalities, Watson was able to implement substantive policies to alleviate fiscal pressure on cities. In February 2008, Watson brought forward the Rental Opportunity for Ontario Families (ROOF) program that helps low-income families with funds to pay rent over a five-year period. In October of that year, a policy designed to support the uploading of property tax supported programs from the budgets of Ontario's municipalities to that of the Provincial budget was implemented. Under this policy, the province took back $1.5 billion worth of programs funded by Ontario's municipalities, reversing previous downloading of provincial responsibilities which occurred during Mike Harris’ tenure as premier. The provincial government assumed responsibility for Ontario Works social assistance services, paramedic services, public health, transit, drug benefit programs, the Ontario Disability Support Program, court services, and property tax assessment. In addition, Watson signed the Federal-Provincial Housing Agreement in 2008, the largest housing agreement of its kind to date.

 Summary of Cabinet Portfolios 

 Second mayoral term (New City of Ottawa) 
On January 12, 2010, Watson resigned from cabinet in order to run for mayor of Ottawa in the 2010 Ottawa municipal election. Watson won the election with almost 50% of the vote.Upon taking office, Watson froze his own salary and cut his office budget by 10%. As mayor, he committed to limit tax increases to no more than 2.5%, and did so, bringing in the lowest rates in a number of years. He also enacted a set of integrity and transparency measures, including hiring an integrity commissioner, launching a lobbyist registry and requiring that elected officials’ office expenses be posted online. He also froze community recreation fees for four years, and reduced the size of the city's workforce twice, the first time it had been done since amalgamation.Watson and the Ottawa City Council also invested $340 million in infrastructure renewal projects such as roads, sidewalks, pathways and sewers and record amount in cycling initiatives. Watson helped advance two major city-building projects that had stalled for a number of years: the revitalization of Lansdowne Park and the introduction of light rail transit. In October 2012, the city council approved the final Lansdowne Park plan, an agreement with the Ottawa Sports and Entertainment Group that saw the existing stadium significantly renovated, increased green space, and housing and retail added to the site. In December 2012, City Council voted unanimously to move forward with the Confederation Line, a 12.5 km light rail transit line from Tunney's Pasture in the west to Blair in the east, to be fully operational by 2018.Watson also helped create Invest Ottawa, the city's economic development agency, whose programs and initiatives increase entrepreneurial momentum, wealth and jobs in Ottawa.

 Third mayoral term 
Watson won the mayoral race in 2014 with 76.20% of the votes, defeating eight other candidates.

 International economic trips 
On November 16, 2015, Watson lead an economic mission to China and Thailand with hopes of promoting Ottawa as a leading innovation hub in Canada, to draw investment for Ottawa businesses, and to encourage tourism to the nation's capital. Watson and fifteen local business leaders began the mission in Beijing, Ottawa's only sister city, where he signed an "Exchange and Co-operation Agreement" with Beijing mayor Guo Jinlong, establishing key common goals in business, trade, and municipal administration. The agreement states the mutual support of local enterprises to invest in each other's cities, as well as enhanced co-operation in the high-tech industry.
A year later, on April 17, 2016, Watson led a delegation of 35 leaders in the business and tech industries to generate investment opportunities in technology, education, film production and tourism. In addition to seizing the significant economic growth opportunities in India, the trade mission also afforded the City of Ottawa and Invest Ottawa the opportunity to leverage the experience of many successful, local Indo-Canadian business leaders. The mission's resulting list of Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs), strategic partnerships and mutually beneficial agreements between Ottawa companies and their Indian counterparts has an estimated total value of more than $80 million.

 Significant projects 
Since 2014, Watson has led many significant projects in the city. Set to become one of the largest infrastructure projects in the city's history, the city secured more than $1.15 billion from the federal government to help the expansion of the Light Rail Transit (LRT) network of the completed Confederation Line, which will move the public transportation further east, south, and west.
Watson pushed to have the Mayors of Ottawa and Gatineau to join the Board of the National Capital Commission (NCC) in 2016. That year, Watson and Gatineau mayor Maxime Pedneaud-Jobin were invited to join as ex-officio, non-voting members.The city has invested a record $80M since 2014 for cycling and pedestrian structures. City council unanimously approved downtown Ottawa's second segregated bike lane in 2015 and built the 2.5-kilometre north-south cycling spine between Parliament Hill and Lansdowne Park on O’Connor Street. In addition, the NCC worked alongside Watson, as well as Nathalie Des Rosiers and Elizabeth Moore Aubin, to open another segregated cycling lane on Mackenzie Avenue, creating a safer environment for cyclists in the Ottawa region.
Watson played a key role in the opening of the Innovation Centre at Bayview Yards, the new home for Invest Ottawa and an entrepreneurial hub for the Ottawa region. It is expected to engage over 1200 businesses within the city, assisting them to grow and develop their products, as well as create over 280 jobs within the capital region.
Watson and the City of Ottawa have been working in conjunction to reduce the impact of sewage overflows and storm water on the Ottawa River. The Ottawa River Action Plan (ORAP) is made up of 17 individual projects which aim to enhance the health of the Ottawa River and to protect Ottawa's water environment. 
Watson supported the arts community towards redeveloping the Arts Court and expanding the Ottawa Art Gallery. The project is part of a vision for the revitalization of the downtown core in Ottawa. The project includes environmentally-controlled exhibition and curatorial spaces, event and education facilities, a café and a gift shop.

 Ottawa 2017 
As Canada celebrated its 150th year since Confederation, the City of Ottawa created a group in charge of putting together a full year of activities and events. The Ottawa 2017 Bureau, under Guy Laflamme, was responsible for organizing signature events throughout the year, attracting millions of visitors to Ottawa to experience them. Over the course of year, the city played host to a number of successful events including the 2017 Red Bull Crashed Ice downhill skating competition, the Juno Awards of 2017; La Machine (production company), a four-day show that attracted over 750,000 people, Ottawa Welcomes the World, a series of celebrations at Lansdowne Park to promote tourism in other countries and strengthen ties with those nations, the 105th Grey Cup at TD Place, and the 2017 NHL 100 Classic, an outdoor game between the Ottawa Senators and the Montreal Canadiens that recreated the first ever NHL game almost 100 years later.

 Fourth mayoral term 
On October 22, Watson won the 2018 mayoral race with 71.03% of the votes, defeating eleven other candidates.Watson oversaw the launch of the Confederation Line, a rail system that opened to the public on September 14, 2019. He has also played an instrumental role to open a new central library to the city's downtown core at LeBreton Flats - a state-of-the-art net carbon zero facility. During this term, in an article published in the Ottawa Citizen on August 17, 2019, Watson came out as gay after 40 years of being closeted. From 2018 to 2022, Watson led Ottawa through natural disasters, including two floods, tornados, a global pandemic (COVID-19), and the 2022 Freedom Convoy.On March 20, 2021, Watson became Ottawa's longest serving mayor, passing J.E. Stanley Lewis' previous record. On December 10, 2021, Watson announced he would not be running for re-election in the upcoming 2022 Ottawa municipal election.

 2022 Freedom Convoy protest 
On Sunday, February 6, 2022, Watson proclaimed a state of emergency to handle a 10-day blockade as part of the Freedom Convoy 2022 that shut down much of the city's core.

 "The Watson Club" 
Since his re-election, many councillors have expressed concern over Watson's apparent strangle-hold over several other councillors. The urban-suburban split between councillors sees Watson siding with more-suburban councillors, whom he appoints to chair every committee.

 Electoral record 

 2018 

 2014 

 2010 
(x): indicates elected.
(*): indicates incumbent.

 2007 Ontario provincial election, Ottawa West-Nepean 

 2003 Ontario provincial election, Ottawa West-Nepean 

 1997 Ottawa municipal election, Mayor 

 1994 Ottawa municipal election, Capital Ward 

 1991 Ottawa municipal election, Capital Ward 

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Ontario Legislative Assembly parliamentary history

Classical 24
Classical 24 is a syndicated, satellite-delivered public radio service providing classical music to its carrying stations.  It generally airs overnights on many non-commercial and a handful of commercial classical music stations.  However, the service is operated 24 hours a day and is used by some stations during the day to augment their schedules. It was co-created by a partnership between Minnesota Public Radio and Public Radio International  to fulfill the need for a comprehensive classic music service for stations to supplement their schedules. As part of this partnership, the service is produced by American Public Media and since 2018, is distributed by Public Radio Exchange. It began operation on December 1, 1995.Unlike most mainstream classical music stations, Classical 24 adheres to a "clock" that typically consists of one or two short selections at the beginning of the hour, followed by a longer work such as a symphony, and then a short piece or two to close the hour. A brief pre-recorded "sound bite" interview with the composer, conductor or soloist of the next piece is sometimes played immediately prior to the piece, as an introduction.
Classical 24 also requires two breaks per hour during the day at around 20 and 40 minutes past (one per hour during the overnight Music Through the Night component) and a mandatory break at the top of the hour for announcements and station identification. The service also has a five-minute "cutaway" following this top of the hour break during the day for subscribers to air news programming (in many cases the standard NPR newscast, as some NPR member stations air Classical 24); this time is filled with a short musical selection for affiliates who choose not to run any newscast.
Classical 24 employs live hosts around the clock instead of using voicetracking. To make the sound as "local" as possible, there are no identifications given to the listener that they are listening to Classical 24. Only the host's name is given. For stations to automate breaks, a special decoder must be purchased and used.
In 2000, the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that the average selection on Classical 24 was 9.5 minutes, in contrast to then-rival WCAL's average selection length of 15 minutes.Minnesota Public Radio's FM flagship station for classical music, KSJN in Minneapolis, currently offers a full-time Classical 24 feed on its HD2 sub-channel. WNIU, broadcasting from Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, Illinois, is another full power FM that carries Classical 24 on a full-time basis. After November 2013, KUHA (now KHVU) in Houston (broadcasting from the University of Houston at the time) carried Classical 24 for a significantly increased portion of its schedule after discontinuing the use of local hosts during the daytime hours. Wisconsin Public Radio partially syndicates Classical 24 on their All Classical Network service, which airs on 13 different HD2 sub-channels throughout the State of Wisconsin.

 On-air hosts 
Classical 24 has three daypart-separated teams of ten different hosts which presents 4-hour/6-hour live air shifts:

 Music Through the Night hosts 
Jillene Khan
Melanie Renate

 Daytime 
John Birge
Jeff Esworthy
Kevin O'Connor
Lynne Warfel
Melissa Ousley
Steve Staruch
Mindy Ratner

 Evenings 
Steve Seel
Scott Blankenship
Valerie KahlerThe following presenters could also be heard on the network on a weekly basis in numerous short segments or as fill-in hosts:

Bill Morelock
Ward Jacobson
Elena See
Liz Lyon (Assistant Program Director)
Julie Amacher (The Network's Program Director)

 Music Through the Night 
Music Through the Night is a classical music radio program produced by American Public Media and distributed by Public Radio International, and broadcast on many National Public Radio (NPR) stations as well as several other classical music stations, generally from midnight to 6 a.m. Central Time every night, though beginning and/or ending times might vary.

 Background 
According to a Time Magazine article first published in 1952, Music Through the Night got its original incarnation when Civil Defense authorities asked Ted Cott of Manhattan's WNBC (660) radio to keep a radio tone signal playing all night so as to be immediately able to send out important public announcements.  He elected to try an all-classical music program instead, and the program proved popular.Today's incarnation is provided by Classical 24 and is hosted primarily by Minnesota Public Radio's Jillene Khan and new host Melanie Renate. According to promotional materials, "Seven days a week, this program offers a choice of music and style of presentation perfectly suited for through-the-night listening. The program mixes standard repertoire with the finest works by lesser-known composers to lend perspective to major musical figures." The all-day Classical 24 format generally follows the Music Through the Night format with some modifications.

 Format 
The program begins at the top of each hour with a brief introduction by the host to the featured musical selection (which can run up to 10 minutes or longer) to be played later during the hour. A shorter musical selection follows for five minutes (some stations preempt this for the standard top-of-the-hour NPR newscast), and then four to six other selections, one or two of these being the featured selection(s) of the hour, which are longer in duration. A shorter selection often concludes the hour. 
The host briefly introduces each selection, stating the name of the piece, its composer, the orchestra (and/or soloist if applicable) and conductor of the selection, and sometimes providing a brief anecdotal and/or historical note of interest about the piece and/or the composer.
Before some of the pieces, a brief pre-recorded "sound bite" interview with the composer, conductor or principal soloist of that piece is introduced by the host, to give some perspective on the selection being played.
The host will sometimes read one or two brief national, international and/or business news headlines in between selections, especially towards the top of the hour, and as the morning hours approach (in the Eastern time zone). At the top of the 6 a.m. hour (Central time), the two-minute program Composers Datebook, hosted by John Birge (pre-recorded and syndicated separately by American Public Media), is played as part of the Music Through the Night/Classical 24 playlist for the hour.
Different affiliates end their Music Through the Night coverage at different times in the morning to begin their broadcast day with local announcers; a handful present the entire Classical 24 schedule, including Music Through the Night, with no local hosts. Some affiliates present the entire Classical 24 schedule via additional digital radio channels and/or internet streaming.  The Classical 24 playlist is publicly available as much as 10 days in advance at the webpage https://www.classical24.org/?display=true&source=C24 .
While works from Modern and even a few contemporary composers are presented, most of the programming typically specializes in Classical and Romantic composition; while music from these periods is available on daytime programming in some markets, few shows specialize like Music Through the Night.

 First Black host terminated 
Garrett McQueen, the Classical 24 overnight host and its only Black host, was employed by Minnesota Public Radio when he was terminated on September 10, 2020, for "not following programming guidelines." McQueen "was taken off the air after his shift on Aug. 25" and "given two warnings — one of which was about his need to improve communication and the other warning was for switching out scheduled music to play pieces he felt were more appropriate to the moment and more diverse," according to McQueen.
Minnesota Public Radio and its larger sister organization American Public Media (APM) co-produced Classical 24. Minnesota Public Radio President Duchesne Drew and APM President Dave Kansas wrote in a statement published on September 11, 2020, that previous warnings were tied to his departure, not his music choices or his "unauthorized changes to playlists." They claim it was the manner in which he made the changes, not the actual content, which were a direct response to the murder of George Floyd in the custody of the Minneapolis Police Department. The video of Floyd's murder prompted both local and international protests in the name of Black Lives Matter despite shelter-in-place orders during the 2020 global COVID-19 pandemic. In posts on his social media accounts, Garrett claimed that his playlist changes were a direct response to the national events and that the audience welcomed his changes:"When things happened in the news or when there were hours of programming that only represented dead white men, I would take it upon myself to change that," said McQueen. "That always got lots of really positive feedback, but it's not exactly what protocol calls for."Yet, the collective statement from executives at MPR and APM emphasized that McQueen's departure was due to other concerns:We have a process in place for changing playlists, and that process exists to maintain our more than 200 partner stations' compliance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and to ensure royalties are properly paid for the music played.McQueen felt his departure was prompted by his direct on-air response to local protests:"And let's just face it," said McQueen, "with [the murder of] George Floyd and all of those things, there was a lot of pressure for me to engage the audience while that's happening. I'm on the air, literally while the 3rd Precinct is being burned down. So, it's my responsibility to make sure that the [classical] programming spoke to that and that's what I did."McQueen is a professional bassoonist, whose classical playlists reflected a "deep knowledge of the history behind classical music," given the problematic under-representation of Black composers and musicians in the field of recorded classical music and staged performance. He had played a significant role since 2018 to diversify the station's programming. MPR and APM stated that they "remain steadfast in pursuing that commitment," highlighting in bold: Across Classical MPR, 24 percent of the music we play features a composer, conductor or soloist who is a woman and/or a Black person, Indigenous person, or Person of Color. We are committed to increasing this number. As of early 2021, McQueen continued to co-host Trilloquy, an independent podcast co-created with MPR classical music host Scott Blankenship, which discusses classical music's role "in the fight against police brutality, anti-racism, and more."

 References 

 External links 
Classical 24 web site
Music Through the Night playlist listings
YourClassical from American Public Media featuring a live Classical 24 stream
Music Through the Night Facebook page

Edward James Eliot
Edward James Eliot (24 August 1758 – 20 September 1797) was an English Member of Parliament.

 Life 
Eliot was born in Cornwall, the son of Catherine (c.1735–1804), daughter and heir of Edward Elliston of Gestingthorpe, Essex, an East India Company captain, and Edward Craggs-Eliot (1727–1804), politician, created Baron Eliot in 1784.He went to Pembroke College, Cambridge in 1775, becoming friends with the future Prime Minister, William Pitt the Younger, and graduated with an MA in 1780. He was elected Member of Parliament for St Germans, Cornwall from 1780 and for Liskeard from 1784. He soon became a Treasury minister from 1782, and was a member of the government of the Younger Pitt from 1783, being appointed King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer of pleas in 1785.On 24 September 1785 he married Harriot Pitt, the younger daughter of William Pitt the Elder and sister to the Younger Pitt. One year later, and five days after the birth of their only child, a daughter named Harriot Hester, Eliot's wife died as a result of complication from childbirth. Eliot never recovered from the grief of losing his wife.After Harriot's death, Eliot moved to Broomfield, near Clapham, where he came into contact with the Clapham Sect of evangelical reformers, whose cause he espoused. He had been a friend of William Wilberforce for some years, and the pair of them had accompanied Pitt to France. Now he found himself living close to Wilberforce and other leading members of the group dubbed 'the Saints'. He began to take an active part in their reforming causes, including the abolition of the slave trade, prison reform and poor relief, the Proclamation Society, and Bishop Porteus' Sunday Observance bill. He was active in lobbying the cause of the Clapham Sect in parliament and acted as a mediator between Wilberforce and Pitt in their campaigns.
The 1792 Slave Trade Bill passed the House of Commons mangled and mutilated by the modifications and amendments of Pitt, Earl of Mornington, Edward James Eliot and the Attorney General, it lay for years, in the House of Lords.In 1793, having resigned from the Treasury on health grounds, Eliot was appointed joint commissioner for Indian affairs. He became an investor in the British East India Company stock, and was expected to become governor-general of Bengal. However, he suffered from a recurring chronic stomach disorder which made it impossible for him to take up that office.Eliot died at Port Eliot, Cornwall on 17 September 1797, and was buried at St Germans on 26 September 1797. (True Briton, London Newspaper, Tuesday, 26 Sept 1797. The church record for EJE's burial was apparently entered belatedly, when his burial date was entered as 3 October 1797. His true death date can be found on the silver plaque at St Germans Church.) He had remained close to Pitt and Wilberforce, who both lamented his passing. His brother John succeeded to the barony and in 1815 was created Earl of St Germans.

 References 

Abdi
Abdi is a male name. It is a given name used in several countries with different origins. The Somali version of the name, used within Somalia and Ethiopia, translates to ‘Hope’. Among others, one version has Arabic has meaning which is loosely translated as 'servant of God'.

 Arabic name 
While Arabic speakers commonly use Abdu (عبده‎ / عبدو ʿabdu) rather than Abdi, both are nicknames for Abdul. It originates from the Arabic word عبد ال ʿabd al- / ʿabd el- / ʿabd ul-. The name translates as "servant of God" in reference to religious submission to Allah (God). As such, it is often used by Muslims around the world in conjunction with one of the names of God in Islam, but also sometimes on its own.

 Biblical name 
Abdi is the name of three men in the Hebrew Bible. In Hebrew, Abdi (עַבְדִּ֖י) literally means "my servant", but may be an abbreviation for "servant of "Yahweh".
In 1 Chronicles 6:44 Abdi is a Levite of the family of Merari.
In 2 Chronicles 29:12 Abdi is a Levite in the time of King Hezekiah of Judah. This may be the same man as in 1 Chronicles 6:44.
In Ezra 10:26 Abdi is the son of Elam, and one of a long list of men who had married foreign wives, and who then sent them away together with their children.

 Given name 
Abdi-Ashirta (14th century BC), Canaanite ruler of Amurru
Abdi-Heba (14th century BC.), Canaanite chieftain of Jerusalem
Abdi-Milkutti (7th century BC), Sidonian king
Abdi-Riša (14th century BC), Phoenician ruler of Enišasi
Abdi Behravanfar, Iranian singer-songwriter
Abdi Bile (born 1962), Somali athlete, World Champion
Abdi Faras (born 1989), Somali basketball player
Abdi İpekçi (1929–1979), Turkish journalist
Abdi Kassim, Zanzibari footballer
Abdi Pasha (disambiguation), various Ottoman people
Abdi Toptani (1864–1942), Albanian politician
Abdi Haji Yaris, Somali politician

 Middle name 
Hamza Abdi Barre (born 1972), prime minister of Somalia
Mohamed Abdi Mohamed, Somali anthropologist and politician

 Surname 
Abbas Abdi (born 1956), Iranian politician
Abdi Sheik Abdi (born 1942), Somali author
Guled Abdi, 1st Grand Sultan of the Isaaq clan
Abed Abdi, Palestinian artist
Akbar Abdi (born 1960), Iranian actor and comedian
Almen Abdi (born 1986), Swiss footballer
Bahador Abdi (born 1984), Iranian footballer
Barkhad Abdi (born 1985), Somali American actor and director
Behzad Abdi (born 1973), Iranian composer
Dekha Ibrahim Abdi, Somali social activist
Hawa Abdi (1947−2020), Somali physician and activist
Nur nur Abdi Somali prince and politician
Jumadi Abdi, Indonesian footballer
Kamyar Abdi, Iranian archaeologist
Mohammad Abdi, Iranian writer
Nur Matan Abdi, Somali politician and military commander
Ugbad Abdi, American fashion model
Youcef Abdi (born 1977), Australian runner
Yusuf Hassan Abdi, Somali politician, journalist and diplomat

 See also 
Abdu (disambiguation), a nickname for the compound name or a given name. In this case it's not necessarily a name given to a Muslim
Abdul for further explanation
Abidi, a surname which refers to the descendants of Zayn al-Abidin
Obadiah
Abdy

 References 

Formula One
Formula One, commonly known as Formula 1 or F1, is the highest class of international racing for open-wheel single-seater formula racing cars sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). The FIA Formula One World Championship has been one of the premier forms of racing around the world since its inaugural running in 1950. The word formula in the name refers to the set of rules to which all participants' cars must conform. A Formula One season consists of a series of races, known as Grands Prix. Grands Prix take place in multiple countries and continents around the world on either purpose-built circuits or closed public roads.
A points system is used at Grands Prix to determine two annual World Championships: one for the drivers, and one for the constructors (the teams). Each driver must hold a valid Super Licence, the highest class of racing licence issued by the FIA, and the races must be held on grade one tracks, the highest grade-rating issued by the FIA for tracks.
Formula One cars are the fastest regulated road-course racing cars in the world, owing to very high cornering speeds achieved through generating large amounts of aerodynamic downforce. Much of this downforce is generated by front and rear wings, which have the side effect of causing severe turbulence behind each car. The turbulence reduces the downforce generated by the cars following directly behind, making it hard to overtake. Major changes made to the cars for the 2022 season have resulted in greater use of ground effect aerodynamics and modified wings to reduce the turbulence behind the cars, with the goal of making overtaking easier. The cars are dependent on electronics, aerodynamics, suspension and tyres. Traction control, launch control, and automatic shifting, plus other electronic driving aids, were first banned in 1994. They were briefly reintroduced in 2001, and have more recently been banned since 2004 and 2008, respectively.With the average annual cost of running a team – designing, building, and maintaining cars, pay, transport – being approximately £220,000,000 (or $265,000,000), its financial and political battles are widely reported. The Formula One Group is currently owned by Liberty Media, who acquired it in January 2017 from private-equity firm CVC Capital Partners for £6.4bn ($8bn).

 History 

Formula One originated from the European Motor Racing Championships of the 1920s and 1930s. The formula consists of a set of rules that all participants' cars must follow. Formula One was a new formula agreed upon during 1946 to officially become effective from 1st January 1947. The first Grand Prix in accordance with the new regulations was the 1946 Turin Grand Prix anticipating the official start of the formula.Before  World War II, a number of Grand Prix racing organisations had made suggestions for a new championship to replace the European Championship before but due to the suspension of racing during the conflict, the new International Formula for cars did not become formalised until 1946, to become effective from 1st January 1947.  The new World Championship was instituted to commence in 1950. 
The first world championship race took place at Silverstone Circuit in the United Kingdom on 13 May 1950. Giuseppe Farina, competing for Alfa Romeo, won the first Drivers' World Championship, narrowly defeating his teammate Juan Manuel Fangio. Fangio went on to win the championship in 1951, 1954, 1955, 1956, and 1957. This set the record for the most World Championships won by a single driver, a record that stood for 46 years until Michael Schumacher won his sixth championship in 2003.
A Constructors' Championship was added in the 1958 season. Stirling Moss, despite being regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers in the 1950s and 1960s, never won the Formula One championship. Between 1955 and 1961, Moss finished second place in the championship four times and in third place the other three times. Fangio won 24 of the 52 races he entered – still the record for the highest Formula One wins percentage by an individual driver. National championships existed in South Africa and the UK in the 1960s and 1970s. Non-championship Formula One events were held by promoters for many years. Due to the increasing cost of competition, the last of these was held in 1983.This era featured teams managed by road-car manufacturers, such as: Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Mercedes-Benz and Maserati. The first seasons featured pre-war cars like Alfa Romeo's  158, which were front-engined, with narrow tyres and 1.5-litre supercharged or 4.5-litre naturally aspirated engines. The 1952 and 1953 seasons were run to Formula Two regulations, for smaller, less powerful cars, due to concerns over the lack of Formula One cars available. When a new Formula One formula for engines limited to 2.5 litres was reinstated to the world championship for 1954, Mercedes-Benz introduced their W196. The W196 featured things never seen on Formula One cars before, such as: desmodromic valves, fuel injection and enclosed streamlined bodywork. Mercedes drivers won the championship for the next two years, before the team withdrew from all motorsport competitions due to the 1955 Le Mans disaster.

 Technological developments 
The first major technological development in the sport was Bugatti's introduction of mid-engined cars. Jack Brabham, the world champion in 1959, 1960, and 1966, soon proved the mid-engine's superiority over all other engine positions. By 1961 all teams had switched to mid-engined cars. The Ferguson P99, a four-wheel drive design, was the last front-engined Formula One car to enter a world championship race. It was entered in the 1961 British Grand Prix, the only front-engined car to compete that year.During 1962, Lotus introduced a car with an aluminium-sheet monocoque chassis instead of the traditional space-frame design. This proved to be the greatest technological breakthrough since the introduction of mid-engined cars. 
In 1968 sponsorship was introduced to the sport. Team Gunston became the first team to run cigarette sponsorship on their Brabham cars, which privately entered in orange, brown and gold colours of Gunston cigarettes in the 1968 South African Grand Prix on 1 January 1968. Five months later, Lotus as the first works team followed this example when they entered their cars painted in the red, gold and white colours of the Imperial Tobacco's Gold Leaf livery at the 1968 Spanish Grand Prix.
Aerodynamic downforce slowly gained importance in car design with the appearance of aerofoils during the 1968 season. During the late 1970s, Lotus introduced ground-effect aerodynamics, previously used on Jim Hall's Chaparral 2J in 1970, that provided enormous downforce and greatly increased cornering speeds. The aerodynamic forces pressing the cars to the track were up to five times the car's weight. As a result, extremely stiff springs were needed to maintain a constant ride height, leaving the suspension virtually solid. This meant that the drivers were depending entirely on the tyres for any small amount of cushioning of the car and driver from irregularities of the road surface.

 Big business 
Beginning in the 1970s, Bernie Ecclestone rearranged the management of Formula One's commercial rights; he is widely credited with transforming the sport into the multibillion-dollar business it now is. When Ecclestone bought the Brabham team during 1971, he gained a seat on the Formula One Constructors' Association and during 1978, he became its president. Previously, the circuit owners controlled the income of the teams and negotiated with each individually; however, Ecclestone persuaded the teams to "hunt as a pack" through FOCA. He offered Formula One to circuit owners as a package, which they could take or leave. In return for the package, almost all that was required was to surrender trackside advertising.The formation of the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA) during 1979 set off the FISA–FOCA war, during which FISA and its president Jean-Marie Balestre argued repeatedly with FOCA over television revenues and technical regulations. The Guardian said that Ecclestone and Max Mosley "used [FOCA] to wage a guerrilla war with a very long-term aim in view". FOCA threatened to establish a rival series, boycotted a Grand Prix and FISA withdrew its sanction from races. The result was the 1981 Concorde Agreement, which guaranteed technical stability, as teams were to be given reasonable notice of new regulations. Although FISA asserted its right to the TV revenues, it handed the administration of those rights to FOCA.FISA imposed a ban on ground-effect aerodynamics during 1983. By then, however, turbocharged engines, which Renault had pioneered in 1977, were producing over 520 kW (700 bhp) and were essential to be competitive. By 1986, a BMW turbocharged engine achieved a flash reading of 5.5 bar (80 psi) pressure, estimated to be over 970 kW (1,300 bhp) in qualifying for the Italian Grand Prix. The next year, power in race trim reached around 820 kW (1,100 bhp), with boost pressure limited to only 4.0 bar. These cars were the most powerful open-wheel circuit racing cars ever. To reduce engine power output and thus speeds, the FIA limited fuel tank capacity in 1984, and boost pressures in 1988, before banning turbocharged engines completely in 1989.The development of electronic driver aids began during the 1980s. Lotus began to develop a system of active suspension, which first appeared during 1983 on the Lotus 92. By 1987, this system had been perfected and was driven to victory by Ayrton Senna in the Monaco Grand Prix that year. In the early 1990s, other teams followed suit and semi-automatic gearboxes and traction control were a natural progression. The FIA, due to complaints that technology was determining the outcome of races more than driver skill, banned many such aids for the 1994 season. This resulted in cars that were previously dependent on electronic aids becoming very "twitchy" and difficult to drive. Observers felt the ban on driver aids was in name only, as they "proved difficult to police effectively".The teams signed a second Concorde Agreement during 1992 and a third in 1997.
On the track, the McLaren and Williams teams dominated the 1980s and 1990s. Brabham were also being competitive during the early part of the 1980s, winning two Drivers' Championships with Nelson Piquet. Powered by Porsche, Honda, and Mercedes-Benz, McLaren won sixteen championships (seven constructors' and nine drivers') in that period, while Williams used engines from Ford, Honda, and Renault to also win sixteen titles (nine constructors' and seven drivers'). The rivalry between racers Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost became F1's central focus during 1988 and continued until Prost retired at the end of 1993. Senna died at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix after crashing into a wall on the exit of the notorious curve Tamburello. The FIA worked to improve the sport's safety standards since that weekend, during which Roland Ratzenberger also died in an accident during Saturday qualifying. No driver died of injuries sustained on the track at the wheel of a Formula One car for 20 years until the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix, where Jules Bianchi collided with a recovery vehicle after aquaplaning off the circuit, dying nine months later from his injuries. Since 1994, three track marshals have died, one at the 2000 Italian Grand Prix, the second at the 2001 Australian Grand Prix and the third at the 2013 Canadian Grand Prix.
Since the deaths of Senna and Ratzenberger, the FIA has used safety as a reason to impose rule changes that otherwise, under the Concorde Agreement, would have had to be agreed upon by all the teams – most notably the changes introduced for 1998. This so-called 'narrow track' era resulted in cars with smaller rear tyres, a narrower track overall, and the introduction of grooved tyres to reduce mechanical grip. The objective was to reduce cornering speeds and to produce racing similar to rainy conditions by enforcing a smaller contact patch between tyre and track. This, according to the FIA, was to reduce cornering speeds in the interest of safety.
Results were mixed, as the lack of mechanical grip resulted in the more ingenious designers clawing back the deficit with aerodynamic grip. This resulted in pushing more force onto the tyres through wings and aerodynamic devices, which in turn resulted in less overtaking as these devices tended to make the wake behind the car turbulent or 'dirty'. This prevented other cars from following closely due to their dependence on 'clean' air to make the car stick to the track. The grooved tyres also had the unfortunate side effect of initially being of a harder compound to be able to hold the grooved tread blocks, which resulted in spectacular accidents in times of aerodynamic grip failure, as the harder compound could not grip the track as well.
Drivers from McLaren, Williams, Renault (formerly Benetton), and Ferrari, dubbed the "Big Four", won every World Championship from 1984 to 2008. The teams won every Constructors' Championship from 1979 to 2008, as well as placing themselves as the top four teams in the Constructors' Championship in every season between 1989 and 1997, and winning every race but one (the 1996 Monaco Grand Prix) between 1988 and 1997. Due to the technological advances of the 1990s, the cost of competing in Formula One increased dramatically, thus increasing financial burdens. This, combined with the dominance of four teams (largely funded by big car manufacturers such as Mercedes-Benz), caused the poorer independent teams to struggle not only to remain competitive but to stay in business. This effectively forced several teams to withdraw.

 Manufacturers' return 
 Michael Schumacher and Ferrari won five consecutive Drivers' Championships (2000–2004) and six consecutive Constructors' Championships (1999–2004). Schumacher set many new records, including those for Grand Prix wins (91, since beaten by Lewis Hamilton), wins in a season (thirteen, since beaten by Max Verstappen), and most Drivers' Championships (seven, tied with Lewis Hamilton as of 2021). Schumacher's championship streak ended on 25 September 2005, when Renault driver Fernando Alonso became Formula One's youngest champion at that time (until Lewis Hamilton in 2008 and followed by Sebastian Vettel in 2010). During 2006, Renault and Alonso won both titles again. Schumacher retired at the end of 2006 after sixteen years in Formula One, but came out of retirement for the 2010 season, racing for the newly formed Mercedes works team, following the rebrand of Brawn GP.
During this period, the championship rules were changed frequently by the FIA with the intention of improving the on-track action and cutting costs. Team orders, legal since the championship started during 1950, were banned during 2002, after several incidents, in which teams openly manipulated race results, generating negative publicity, most famously by Ferrari at the 2002 Austrian Grand Prix. Other changes included the qualifying format, the points scoring system, the technical regulations, and rules specifying how long engines and tyres must last. A "tyre war" between suppliers Michelin and Bridgestone saw lap times fall, although, at the 2005 United States Grand Prix at Indianapolis, seven out of ten teams did not race when their Michelin tyres were deemed unsafe for use, leading to Bridgestone becoming the sole tyre supplier to Formula One for the 2007 season by default. Bridgestone then went on to sign a contract on 20 December 2007 that officially made them the exclusive tyre supplier for the next three seasons.During 2006, Max Mosley outlined a "green" future for Formula One, in which efficient use of energy would become an important factor.Starting in 2000, with Ford's purchase of Stewart Grand Prix to form the Jaguar Racing team, new manufacturer-owned teams entered Formula One for the first time since the departure of Alfa Romeo and Renault at the end of 1985. By 2006, the manufacturer teams – Renault, BMW, Toyota, Honda, and Ferrari – dominated the championship, taking five of the first six places in the Constructors' Championship. The sole exception was McLaren, which at the time was part-owned by Mercedes-Benz. Through the Grand Prix Manufacturers Association (GPMA), the manufacturers negotiated a larger share of Formula One's commercial profit and a greater say in the running of the sport.

 Manufacturers' decline and return of the privateers 
In 2008 and 2009, Honda, BMW, and Toyota all withdrew from Formula One racing within the space of a year, blaming the economic recession. This resulted in the end of manufacturer dominance within the sport. The Honda F1 team went through a management buyout to become Brawn GP with Ross Brawn and Nick Fry running and owning the majority of the organisation. Brawn GP laid off hundreds of employees, but eventually won the year's world championships. BMW F1 was bought out by the original founder of the team, Peter Sauber. The Lotus F1 Team were another, formerly manufacturer-owned team that reverted to "privateer" ownership, together with the buy-out of the Renault team by Genii Capital investors. A link with their previous owners still survived, however, with their car continuing to be powered by a Renault engine until 2014.

McLaren also announced that it was to reacquire the shares in its team from Mercedes-Benz (McLaren's partnership with Mercedes was reported to have started to sour with the McLaren Mercedes SLR road car project and tough F1 championships which included McLaren being found guilty of spying on Ferrari). Hence, during the 2010 season, Mercedes-Benz re-entered the sport as a manufacturer after its purchase of Brawn GP and split with McLaren after 15 seasons with the team.
During the 2009 season of Formula One, the sport was gripped by the FIA–FOTA dispute. The FIA President Max Mosley proposed numerous cost-cutting measures for the following season, including an optional budget cap for the teams; teams electing to take the budget cap would be granted greater technical freedom, adjustable front and rear wings and an engine not subject to a rev limiter. The Formula One Teams Association (FOTA) believed that allowing some teams to have such technical freedom would have created a 'two-tier' championship, and thus requested urgent talks with the FIA. However, talks broke down and FOTA teams announced, with the exception of Williams and Force India, that 'they had no choice' but to form a breakaway championship series.
On 24 June, an agreement was reached between Formula One's governing body and the teams to prevent a breakaway series. It was agreed teams must cut spending to the level of the early 1990s within two years; exact figures were not specified, and Max Mosley agreed he would not stand for re-election to the FIA presidency in October. Following further disagreements, after Max Mosley suggested he would stand for re-election, FOTA made it clear that breakaway plans were still being pursued. On 8 July, FOTA issued a press release stating they had been informed they were not entered for the 2010 season, and an FIA press release said the FOTA representatives had walked out of the meeting. On 1 August, it was announced FIA and FOTA had signed a new Concorde Agreement, bringing an end to the crisis and securing the sport's future until 2012.To compensate for the loss of manufacturer teams, four new teams were accepted entry into the 2010 season ahead of a much anticipated 'cost-cap'. Entrants included a reborn Team Lotus – which was led by a Malaysian consortium including Tony Fernandes, the boss of Air Asia; Hispania Racing – the first Spanish Formula One team; as well as Virgin Racing – Richard Branson's entry into the series following a successful partnership with Brawn the year before. They were also joined by the US F1 Team, which planned to run out of the United States as the only non-European-based team in the sport. Financial issues befell the squad before they even made the grid. Despite the entry of these new teams, the proposed cost-cap was repealed and these teams – who did not have the budgets of the midfield and top-order teams – ran around at the back of the field until they inevitably collapsed; HRT in 2012, Caterham (formerly Lotus) in 2014 and Manor (formerly Virgin then Marussia), having survived falling into administration in 2014, went under at the end of 2016.

 Hybrid era 
A major rule shake-up in 2014 saw the 2.4-litre naturally aspirated V8 engines replaced by 1.6-litre turbocharged hybrid power units. This prompted Honda to return to the sport in 2015 as the championship's fourth power unit manufacturer. Mercedes emerged as the dominant force after the rule shake-up, with Lewis Hamilton winning the championship closely followed by his main rival and teammate, Nico Rosberg, with the team winning 16 out of the 19 races that season. The team continued this form in the following two seasons, again winning 16 races in 2015 before taking a record 19 wins in 2016, with Hamilton claiming the title in the former year and Rosberg winning it in the latter by five points. The 2016 season also saw a new team, Haas, join the grid, while Max Verstappen became the youngest-ever race winner at the age of 18 in Spain.After revised aerodynamic regulations were introduced, the 2017 and 2018 seasons featured a title battle between Mercedes and Ferrari. However, Mercedes ultimately won the titles with multiple races to spare and continued to experience dominance in the next two years, eventually winning seven consecutive Drivers' Championships from 2014 to 2020 and eight consecutive Constructors' titles from 2014 to 2021. During this eight-year period between 2014 and 2021, 111 of the 160 races were won by a Mercedes driver, with Hamilton winning 81 of these races and taking six Drivers' Championships during this period to equal Schumacher's record of seven titles. In 2021, the Honda-powered Red Bull team began to seriously challenge Mercedes, with their driver Max Verstappen beating Hamilton to the Drivers' Championship after a season-long battle that saw the pair exchange the championship lead multiple times. 
This era has seen an increase in car manufacturer presence in the sport. After Honda's return as an engine manufacturer in 2015, Renault came back as a team in 2016 after buying back the Lotus F1 team. In 2018, Aston Martin and Alfa Romeo became Red Bull and Sauber's title sponsors, respectively. Sauber was rebranded as Alfa Romeo Racing for the 2019 season, while Racing Point part-owner Lawrence Stroll bought a stake in Aston Martin to rebrand the Racing Point team as Aston Martin for 2021. In August 2020, a new Concorde Agreement was signed by all ten F1 teams committing them to the sport until 2025, including a $145M budget cap for car development to support equal competition and sustainable development in the future.The COVID-19 pandemic forced the sport to adapt to budgetary and logistical limitations. A significant overhaul of the technical regulations intended to be introduced in the 2021 season was pushed back to 2022, with constructors instead using their 2020 chassis for two seasons and a token system limiting which parts could be modified was introduced. The start of the 2020 season was delayed by several months, and both it and 2021 seasons were subject to several postponements, cancellations and rescheduling of races due to the shifting restrictions on international travel. Many races took place behind closed doors and with only essential personnel present to maintain social distancing.In 2022, a major rule and car design change was announced by the F1 governing body, intended to promote closer racing through the use of ground effects, new aerodynamics, larger wheels with low-profile tires, and redesigned nose and wing regulations. Red Bull emerged as the dominant force after the rule shake-up. The 2022 and 2023 Constructors' and Drivers' Championships were won by Red Bull and Verstappen with multiple races to spare.

 Racing and strategy 
A Formula One Grand Prix event spans a weekend. It typically begins with two free practice sessions on Friday, and one free practice on Saturday. Additional drivers (commonly known as third drivers) are allowed to run on Fridays, but only two cars may be used per team, requiring a race driver to give up their seat. A qualifying session is held after the last free practice session. This session determines the starting order for the race on Sunday.

 Tyre rules 
Each driver may use no more than thirteen sets of dry-weather tyres, four sets of intermediate tyres, and three sets of wet-weather tyres during a race weekend.

 Qualifying 
For much of the sport's history, qualifying sessions differed little from practice sessions; drivers would have one or more sessions in which to set their fastest time, with the grid order determined by each driver's best single lap, with the fastest getting first place on the grid, referred to as pole position. From 1996 to 2002, the format was a one-hour shootout. This approach lasted until the end of 2002 before the rules were changed again because the teams were not running in the early part of the session to take advantage of better track conditions later on.Grids were generally limited to 26 cars – if the race had more entries, qualification would also decide which drivers would start the race. During the early 1990s, the number of entries was so high that the worst-performing teams had to enter a pre-qualifying session, with the fastest cars allowed through to the main qualifying session. The qualifying format began to change in the early 2000s, with the FIA experimenting with limiting the number of laps, determining the aggregate time over two sessions, and allowing each driver only one qualifying lap.
The current qualifying system was adopted in the 2006 season. Known as "knock-out" qualifying, it is split into three periods, known as Q1, Q2, and Q3. In each period, drivers run qualifying laps to attempt to advance to the next period, with the slowest drivers being "knocked out" of qualification (but not necessarily the race) at the end of the period and their grid positions set within the rearmost five based on their best lap times. Drivers are allowed as many laps as they wish within each period. After each period, all times are reset, and only a driver's fastest lap in that period (barring infractions) counts. Any timed lap started before the end of that period may be completed and will count toward that driver's placement. The number of cars eliminated in each period is dependent on the total number of cars entered into the championship.Currently, with 20 cars, Q1 runs for 18 minutes, and eliminates the slowest five drivers. During this period, any driver whose best lap takes longer than 107% of the fastest time in Q1 will not be allowed to start the race without permission from the stewards. Otherwise, all drivers proceed to the race albeit in the worst starting positions. This rule does not affect drivers in Q2 or Q3. In Q2, the 15 remaining drivers have 15 minutes to set one of the ten fastest times and proceed to the next period. Finally, Q3 lasts 12 minutes and sees the remaining ten drivers decide the first ten grid positions. At the beginning of the 2016 Formula 1 season, the FIA introduced a new qualifying format, whereby drivers were knocked out every 90 seconds after a certain amount of time had passed in each session. The aim was to mix up grid positions for the race, but due to unpopularity, the FIA reverted to the above qualifying format for the Chinese GP, after running the format for only two races.Each car is allocated one set of the softest tyres for use in Q3. The cars that qualify for Q3 must return them after Q3; the cars that do not qualify for Q3 can use them during the race. As of 2022, all drivers are given a free choice of tyre to use at the start of the Grand Prix, whereas in previous years only the drivers that did not participate in Q3 had free tyre choice for the start of the race. Any penalties that affect grid position are applied at the end of qualifying. Grid penalties can be applied for driving infractions in the previous or current Grand Prix, or for changing a gearbox or engine component. If a car fails scrutineering, the driver will be excluded from qualifying but will be allowed to start the race from the back of the grid at the race stewards' discretion.
2021 saw the trialling of a 'sprint qualifying' race on the Saturday of three race weekends, with the intention of testing the new approach to qualifying. The traditional qualifying would determine the starting order for the sprint, and the result of the sprint would then determine the start order for the Grand Prix. The system returned for the 2022 season, now titled the 'sprint'. From 2023, sprint races no longer impacted the start order for the main race, which would be determined by traditional qualifying. Sprints would have their own qualifying session, titled the 'sprint shootout'; such a system made its debut at the 2023 Azerbaijan Grand Prix and is set to be used throughout all sprint sessions in place of the traditional second free practice session. Sprint qualifying sessions are run much shorter than traditional qualifying, and each session required teams to fit new tyres - mediums for SQ1 and SQ2, and softs for SQ3 - otherwise they cannot participate in the session.

 Race 
The race begins with a warm-up lap, after which the cars assemble on the starting grid in the order they qualified. This lap is often referred to as the formation lap, as the cars lap in formation with no overtaking (although a driver who makes a mistake may regain lost ground). The warm-up lap allows drivers to check the condition of the track and their car, gives the tyres a chance to warm up to increase traction and grip, and also gives the pit crews time to clear themselves and their equipment from the grid for the race start.

Once all the cars have formed on the grid, after the medical car positions itself behind the pack, a light system above the track indicates the start of the race: five red lights are illuminated at intervals of one second; they are all then extinguished simultaneously after an unspecified time (typically less than 3 seconds) to signal the start of the race. The start procedure may be abandoned if a driver stalls on the grid or on the track in an unsafe position, signalled by raising their arm. If this happens, the procedure restarts: a new formation lap begins with the offending car removed from the grid. The race may also be restarted in the event of a serious accident or dangerous conditions, with the original start voided. The race may be started from behind the Safety Car if race control feels a racing start would be excessively dangerous, such as extremely heavy rainfall. As of the 2019 season, there will always be a standing restart. If due to heavy rainfall a start behind the safety car is necessary, then after the track has dried sufficiently, drivers will form up for a standing start. There is no formation lap when races start behind the Safety Car.Under normal circumstances, the winner of the race is the first driver to cross the finish line having completed a set number of laps. Race officials may end the race early (putting out a red flag) due to unsafe conditions such as extreme rainfall, and it must finish within two hours, although races are only likely to last this long in the case of extreme weather or if the safety car is deployed during the race. When a situation justifies pausing the race without terminating it, the red flag is deployed; since 2005, a ten-minute warning is given before the race is resumed behind the safety car, which leads the field for a lap before it returns to the pit lane (before then the race resumed in race order from the penultimate lap before the red flag was shown).
In the 1950s, race distances varied from 300 km (190 mi) to 600 km (370 mi). The maximum race length was reduced to 400 km (250 mi) in 1966 and 325 km (202 mi) in 1971. The race length was standardised to the current 305 km (190 mi) in 1989. However, street races like Monaco have shorter distances, to keep under the two-hour limit.
Drivers may overtake one another for position over the course of the race. If a leader comes across a backmarker (slower car) who has completed fewer laps, the back marker is shown a blue flag telling them that they are obliged to allow the leader to overtake them. The slower car is said to be "lapped" and, once the leader finishes the race, is classified as finishing the race "one lap down". A driver can be lapped numerous times, by any car in front of them. A driver who fails to complete more than 90% of the race distance is shown as "not classified" in the results.
Throughout the race, drivers may make pit stops to change tyres and repair damage (from 1994 to 2009 inclusive, they could also refuel). Different teams and drivers employ different pit stop strategies in order to maximise their car's potential. Three dry tyre compounds, with different durability and adhesion characteristics, are available to drivers. Over the course of a race, drivers must use two of the three available compounds. The different compounds have different levels of performance and choosing when to use which compound is a key tactical decision to make. Different tyres have different colours on their sidewalls; this allows spectators to understand the strategies. 
Under wet conditions, drivers may switch to one of two specialised wet weather tyres with additional grooves (one "intermediate", for mild wet conditions, such as after recent rain, one "full wet", for racing in or immediately after rain). A driver must make at least one stop to use two tyre compounds; up to three stops are typically made, although further stops may be necessary to fix damage or if weather conditions change. If rain tyres are used, drivers are no longer obliged to use both types of dry tyres.

 Race director 
This role involves managing the logistics of each F1 Grand Prix, inspecting cars in parc fermé before a race, enforcing FIA rules, and controlling the lights which start each race. As the head of the race officials, the race director also plays a large role in resolving disputes among teams and drivers. The race director may also refer incidents to the race stewards, who may give penalties, such as drive-through penalties (or stop-and-go penalties), demotions on a pre-race start grid, race disqualifications and fines should parties break regulations. As of 2023, the race director is Niels Wittich, with Herbie Blash as a permanent advisor.

 Safety car 
In the event of an incident that risks the safety of competitors or trackside race marshals, race officials may choose to deploy the safety car. This in effect suspends the race, with drivers following the safety car around the track at its speed in race order, with overtaking not permitted. Cars that have been lapped may, during the safety car period and depending on circumstances permitted by the race director, be allowed to un-lap themselves in order to ensure a smoother restart and to avoid blue flags being immediately thrown upon the resumption of the race with many of the cars in very close proximity to each other. The safety car circulates until the danger is cleared; after it comes in, the race restarts with a "rolling start". Pit stops are permitted under the safety car. Since 2000, the main safety car driver has been German ex-racing driver Bernd Mayländer. On the lap in which the safety car returns to the pits, the leading car takes over the role of the safety car until the timing line. After crossing this line, drivers are allowed to start racing for track position once more. Mercedes-Benz supplies Mercedes-AMG models to Formula One to use as the safety cars. From 2021 onwards, Aston Martin supplies the Vantage to Formula One to use as the safety car, sharing the duty with Mercedes-Benz.

 Flags 

Flags specifications and usage are prescribed by Appendix H of the FIA's International Sporting Code.
The format of the race has changed little through Formula One's history. The main changes have revolved around what is allowed at pit stops. In the early days of Grand Prix racing, a driver would be allowed to continue a race in their teammate's car should theirs develop a problem – in the modern era, cars are so carefully fitted to drivers that this has become impossible. In recent years, the emphasis has been on changing refuelling and tyre change regulations. 
Since the 2010 season, refuelling – which was reintroduced in 1994 – has not been allowed, to encourage less tactical racing following safety concerns. The rule requiring both compounds of tyre to be used during the race was introduced in 2007, again to encourage racing on the track. The safety car is another relatively recent innovation that reduced the need to deploy the red flag, allowing races to be completed on time for a growing international live television audience.

 Points system 

A driver must finish within the top ten to receive a point for setting the fastest lap of the race. If the driver who set the fastest lap finishes outside of the top ten, then the point for fastest lap will not be awarded for that race.
Various systems for awarding championship points have been used since 1950. The current system, in place since 2010, awards the top ten cars points in the Drivers' and Constructors' Championships, with the winner receiving 25 points. All points won at each race are added up, and the driver and constructor with the most points at the end of the season are crowned World Champions. Regardless of whether a driver stays with the same team throughout the season, or switches teams, all points earned by them count for the Drivers' Championship.A driver must be classified in order to receive points, as of 2022, a driver must complete at least 90% of the race distance in order to receive points. Therefore, it is possible for a driver to receive points even if they retired before the end of the race.From some time between the 1977 and 1980 seasons to the end of the 2021 season if less than 75% of the race laps were completed by the winner, then only half of the points listed in the table were awarded to the drivers and constructors. This has happened on only five occasions in the history of the championship, and it had a notable influence on the final standing of the 1984 season. The last occurrence was at the 2021 Belgian Grand Prix when the race was called off after just three laps behind a safety car due to torrential rain. The half points rule was replaced by a distance-dependent gradual scale system for 2022.

 Constructors 

A Formula One constructor is the entity credited for designing the chassis and the engine. If both are designed by the same company, that company receives sole credit as the constructor (e.g., Ferrari). If they are designed by different companies, both are credited, and the name of the chassis designer is placed before that of the engine designer (e.g., McLaren-Mercedes). All constructors are scored individually, even if they share either chassis or engine with another constructor (e.g., Williams-Ford, Williams-Honda in 1983).Since 1981, Formula One teams have been required to build the chassis in which they compete, and consequently the distinction between the terms "team" and "constructor" became less pronounced, though engines may still be produced by a different entity. This requirement distinguishes the sport from series such as the IndyCar Series which allows teams to purchase chassis, and "spec series" such as Formula 2 which require all cars be kept to an identical specification. It also effectively prohibits privateers, which were common even in Formula One well into the 1970s.
The sport's debut season, 1950, saw eighteen teams compete, but due to high costs, many dropped out quickly. In fact, such was the scarcity of competitive cars for much of the first decade of Formula One that Formula Two cars were admitted to fill the grids. Ferrari is the oldest Formula One team, the only still-active team which competed in 1950.

Early manufacturer involvement came in the form of a "factory team" or "works team" (that is, one owned and staffed by a major car company), such as those of Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, or Renault. Ferrari holds the record for having won the most Constructors' Championships (sixteen).
Companies such as Climax, Repco, Cosworth, Hart, Judd and Supertec, which had no direct team affiliation, often sold engines to teams that could not afford to manufacture them. In the early years, independently owned Formula One teams sometimes also built their engines, though this became less common with the increased involvement of major car manufacturers such as BMW, Ferrari, Honda, Mercedes-Benz, Renault, and Toyota, whose large budgets rendered privately built engines less competitive. Cosworth was the last independent engine supplier. It is estimated the major teams spend between €100 and €200 million ($125–$225 million) per year per manufacturer on engines alone.In the 2007 season, for the first time since the 1981 rule, two teams used chassis built by other teams. Super Aguri started the season using a modified Honda Racing RA106 chassis (used by Honda the previous year), while Scuderia Toro Rosso used the same chassis used by the parent Red Bull Racing team, which was formally designed by a separate subsidiary. The usage of these loopholes was ended for 2010 with the publication of new technical regulations, which require each constructor to own the intellectual property rights to their chassis, The regulations continue to allow a team to subcontract the design and construction of the chassis to a third-party, an option used by the HRT team in 2010 and Haas currently.
Although teams rarely disclose information about their budgets, it is estimated they range from US$66 million to US$400 million each.Entering a new team in the Formula One World Championship requires a $200 million up-front payment to the FIA, which is then shared equally among the existing teams. As a consequence, constructors desiring to enter Formula One often prefer to buy an existing team: BAR's purchase of Tyrrell and Midland's purchase of Jordan allowed both of these teams to sidestep the large deposit and secure the benefits the team already had, such as TV revenue.
Seven out of the ten teams competing in Formula One are based close to London in an area centred around Oxford. Ferrari have both their chassis and engine assembly in Maranello, Italy. The AlphaTauri team are based close to Ferrari in Faenza, whilst the Alfa Romeo team are based near Zurich in Switzerland.

 Drivers 

Every team in Formula One must run two cars in every session in a Grand Prix weekend, and every team may use up to four drivers in a season. A team may also run two additional drivers in Free Practice sessions, which are often used to test potential new drivers for a career as a Formula One driver or gain experienced drivers to evaluate the car. Most drivers are contracted for at least the duration of a season, with driver changes taking place in-between seasons, in comparison to early years when drivers often competed on an ad hoc basis from race to race. Each competitor must be in the possession of a FIA Super Licence to compete in a Grand Prix, which is issued to drivers who have met the criteria of success in junior motorsport categories and having achieved 300 kilometres (190 mi) of running in a Formula One car. Drivers may also be issued a Super Licence by the World Motor Sport Council if they fail to meet the criteria. Although most drivers earn their seat on ability, commercial considerations also come into play with teams having to satisfy sponsors and financial demands.
Teams also contract test and reserve drivers to stand in for regular drivers when necessary and develop the team's car; although with the reduction on testing the reserve drivers' role mainly takes places on a simulator, such as rFactor Pro, which is used by most of the F1 teams.Each driver chooses an unassigned number from 2 to 99 (excluding 17 which was retired following the death of Jules Bianchi) upon entering Formula One and keeps that number during their time in the series. The number one is reserved for the reigning Drivers' Champion, who retains their previous number and may choose to use it instead of the number one. At the onset of the championship, numbers were allocated by race organisers on an ad hoc basis from race to race.Permanent numbers were introduced in 1973 to take effect in 1974, when teams were allocated numbers in ascending order based on the Constructors' Championship standings at the end of the 1973 season. The teams would hold those numbers from season to season with the exception of the team with the World Drivers' Champion, which would swap its numbers with the one and two of the previous champion's team. New entrants were allocated spare numbers, with the exception of the number 13 which had been unused since 1976.As teams kept their numbers for long periods of time, car numbers became associated with a team, such as Ferrari's 27 and 28. A different system was used from 1996 to 2013: at the start of each season, the current Drivers' Champion was designated number one, their teammate number two, and the rest of the teams assigned ascending numbers according to previous season's Constructors' Championship order.As of the conclusion of the 2022 Championship, a total of 34 separate drivers have won the World Drivers' Championship, with Michael Schumacher and Lewis Hamilton holding the record for most championships with seven. Lewis Hamilton achieved the most race wins, too, in 2020. Jochen Rindt is the only posthumous World Champion, after his points total was not surpassed despite his fatal accident at the 1970 Italian Grand Prix, with 4 races still remaining in the season. Drivers from the United Kingdom have been the most successful in the sport, with 18 championships among 10 drivers, and 308 wins.

 Feeder series 
Most F1 drivers start in kart racing competitions, and then come up through traditional European single-seater series like Formula Ford and Formula Renault to Formula 3, and finally the GP2 Series. GP2 started in 2005, replacing Formula 3000, which itself had replaced Formula Two as the last major stepping-stone into F1. GP2 was rebranded as the FIA Formula 2 Championship in 2017. Most champions from this level graduate into F1, but 2006 GP2 champion Lewis Hamilton became the first F2, F3000 or GP2 champion to win the Formula One drivers' title in 2008.Drivers are not required to have competed at this level before entering Formula One. British F3 has supplied many F1 drivers, with champions, including Nigel Mansell, Ayrton Senna and Mika Häkkinen having moved straight from that series to Formula One, and Max Verstappen made his F1 debut following a single season in European F3. More rarely a driver may be picked from an even lower level, as was the case with 2007 World Champion Kimi Räikkönen, who went straight from Formula Renault to F1.American open-wheel car racing has also contributed to the Formula One grid. CART champions Mario Andretti and Jacques Villeneuve became F1 World Champions, while Juan Pablo Montoya won seven races in F1. Other CART (also known as ChampCar) champions, like Michael Andretti and Alessandro Zanardi won no races in F1. Other drivers have taken different paths to F1; Damon Hill raced motorbikes, and Michael Schumacher raced in sports cars, albeit after climbing through the junior single-seater ranks. Former F1 driver Paul di Resta raced in DTM until he was signed with Force India in 2011.

 Grands Prix 

The number of Grands Prix held in a season has varied over the years. The inaugural 1950 world championship season comprised only seven races, while the 2019 season contained 21 races. There were no more than 11 Grands Prix per season during the early decades of the championship, although a large number of non-championship Formula One events also took place. The number of Grands Prix increased to an average of 16 to 17 by the late 1970s, while non-championship events ended in 1983. More Grands Prix began to be held in the 2000s, and recent seasons have seen an average of 19 races. In 2021 and 2022, the calendar peaked at 22 events, the highest number of world championship races in one season.Six of the original seven races took place in Europe; the only non-European race that counted towards the World Championship in 1950 was the Indianapolis 500, which was held to different regulations and later replaced by the United States Grand Prix. The F1 championship gradually expanded to other non-European countries. Argentina hosted the first South American Grand Prix in 1953, and Morocco hosted the first African World Championship race in 1958. Asia and Oceania followed (Japan in 1976 and Australia in 1985), and the first race in the Middle East was held in 2004. The 19 races of the 2014 season were spread over every populated continent except for Africa, with 10 Grands Prix held outside Europe.
Some of the Grands Prix pre-date the formation of the World Championship, such as the French Grand Prix and were incorporated into the championship as Formula One races in 1950. The British and Italian Grands Prix are the only events to have been held every Formula One season; other long-running races include the Belgian, German, and French Grands Prix. The Monaco Grand Prix was first held in 1929 and has run continuously since 1955 (with the exception of 2020) and is widely considered to be one of the most important and prestigious automobile races in the world.All Grands Prix have traditionally been run during the day, until the inaugural Singapore Grand Prix hosted the first Formula One night race in 2008, which was followed by the day–night Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in 2009 and the Bahrain Grand Prix which converted to a night race in 2014. Other Grands Prix in Asia have had their start times adjusted to benefit the European television audience.

 Returning additions (2008–present) 
Bold denotes the Grands Prix scheduled as part of the 2023 season.

European Grand Prix at Valencia Street Circuit (2008–2012)
United States Grand Prix at Circuit of the Americas (2012–2019, 2021–present)
Austrian Grand Prix at Red Bull Ring (2014–present)
Mexican Grand Prix at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez (2015–2019); renamed Mexico City Grand Prix (2021–present)
European Grand Prix at Baku City Circuit (2016; renamed the Azerbaijan Grand Prix for 2017–2019, 2021–present)
French Grand Prix at Circuit Paul Ricard (2018–2019, 2021–2022)
Portuguese Grand Prix at Algarve International Circuit (2020–2021)
Imola Circuit with the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix (2020–present; previously hosted the Italian Grand Prix and the San Marino Grand Prix)
Dutch Grand Prix at Circuit Zandvoort (2021–present)

 New Locations Initiative (2008–present) 
Bold denotes the Grands Prix scheduled as part of the 2023 season.
Since 2008, the Formula One Group has been targeting new "destination cities" to expand its global reach, with the aim to produce races from countries that have not previously been involved in the sport. This initiative started with the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix.

 Circuits 

Formula One races must be held on grade one tracks, the highest grade-rating issued by the FIA for tracks.A typical circuit features a stretch of straight road on which the starting grid is situated. The pit lane, where the drivers stop for tyres, aerodynamic adjustments and minor repairs (such as changing the car's nose due to front wing damage) during the race, retirements from the race, and where the teams work on the cars before the race, is normally located next to the starting grid. The layout of the rest of the circuit varies widely, although in most cases the circuit runs in a clockwise direction. Those few circuits that run anticlockwise (and therefore have predominantly left-handed corners) can cause drivers neck problems due to the enormous lateral forces generated by F1 cars pulling their heads in the opposite direction to normal. A single race requires hotel rooms to accommodate at least 5,000 visitors.Most of the circuits currently in use are specially constructed for competition. The current street circuits are Monaco, Melbourne, Singapore, Baku, Miami, Jeddah, and Las Vegas although races in other urban locations come and go (Detroit, for example) and proposals for such races. The glamour and history of the Monaco race are the primary reasons why the circuit is still in use, even though it does not meet the strict safety requirements imposed on other tracks. Three-time World champion Nelson Piquet famously described racing in Monaco as "like riding a bicycle around your living room".Circuit design to protect the safety of drivers is becoming increasingly sophisticated, as exemplified by the Bahrain International Circuit, added in 2004 and designed – like most of F1's new circuits – by Hermann Tilke. Several of the new circuits in F1, especially those designed by Tilke, have been criticised as lacking the "flow" of such classics as Spa-Francorchamps and Imola. His redesign of the Hockenheim circuit in Germany for example, while providing more capacity for grandstands and eliminating extremely long and dangerous straights, has been frowned upon by many who argue that part of the character of the Hockenheim circuits was the long and blinding straights into dark forest sections. These newer circuits, however, are generally agreed to meet the safety standards of modern Formula One better than the older ones.
The Circuit of the Americas in Austin, the Sochi Autodrom in Sochi and the Baku City Circuit in Azerbaijan have all been introduced as brand new tracks since 2012. In 2020, Algarve International Circuit debuted on the F1 calendar as the venue of the Portuguese Grand Prix, with the country having last hosted a race in 1996. In 2021, Circuit Zandvoort returned to the F1 calendar as the Dutch Grand Prix, having last hosted a race in 1985. The Las Vegas Grand Prix entered the sport in 2023.

 Cars and technology 

Modern Formula One cars are mid-engined, hybrid, semi-open cockpit, open-wheel single-seaters. The chassis is made largely of carbon-fibre composites, rendering it light but extremely stiff and strong. The whole car, including the driver but not fuel, weighs only 795 kg (1,753 lb) – the minimum weight set by the regulations. If the construction of the car is lighter than the minimum, it can be ballasted up to add the necessary weight. The race teams take advantage of this by placing this ballast at the extreme bottom of the chassis, thereby locating the centre of gravity as low as possible in order to improve handling and weight transfer.The cornering speed of Formula One cars is largely determined by the aerodynamic downforce that they generate, which pushes the car down onto the track. This is provided by "wings" mounted at the front and rear of the vehicle, and by ground effect created by low air pressure under the flat bottom of the car. The aerodynamic design of the cars is very heavily constrained to limit performance. The previous generation of cars sported a large number of small winglets, "barge boards", and turning vanes designed to closely control the flow of the air over, under, and around the car.
The other major factor controlling the cornering speed of the cars is the design of the tyres. From 1998 to 2008, the tyres in Formula One were not "slicks" (tyres with no tread pattern) as in most other circuit racing series. Instead, each tyre had four large circumferential grooves on its surface designed to limit the cornering speed of the cars. Slick tyres returned to Formula One in the 2009 season. Suspension is double wishbone or multilink front and rear, with pushrod operated springs and dampers on the chassis – one exception being that of the 2009 specification Red Bull Racing car (RB5) which used pullrod suspension at the rear, the first car to do so since the Minardi PS01 in 2001. Ferrari used a pullrod suspension at both the front and rear in their 2012 car. Both Ferrari (F138) and McLaren (MP4-28) of the 2013 season used a pullrod suspension at both the front and the rear. In 2022, McLaren (MCL36) and Red Bull Racing (RB18) switched to a pullrod front suspension and push rod rear suspension.Carbon-carbon disc brakes are used for reduced weight and increased frictional performance. These provide a very high level of braking performance and are usually the element that provokes the greatest reaction from drivers new to the formula.
In 2022, the technical regulations changed considerably in order to reduce the turbulence (commonly referred to as "dirty air") produced by the aerodynamics of the car. This includes a redesigned front and rear wing, larger wheels with a lower tyre profile, wheel covers, small winglets, the banning of barge boards, and the reintroduction of Ground effect downforce production. These have been changed to promote racing, meaning cars lose less downforce when following another car. It allows cars to follow another at a much closer distance, without extending the gap due to the turbulent air. (See 2022 Formula One World Championship Technical regulations)
Formula One cars must have four wheels made of the same metallic material, which must be one of two magnesium alloys specified by the FIA. Magnesium alloy wheels made by forging are used to achieve maximum unsprung rotating weight reduction. As of 2022, the wheels are covered with "spec" (Standardised) Wheel Covers, the wheel diameter has increased from 13 inches to 18 inches (reducing the "tyre profile"), and small winglets have been placed over the front tyres.
Starting with the 2014 Formula 1 season, the engines have changed from a 2.4-litre naturally aspirated V8 to turbocharged 1.6-litre V6 "power-units". These get a significant amount of their power from electric motors. In addition, they include a lot of energy recovery technology. Engines run on unleaded fuel closely resembling publicly available petrol. The oil which lubricates and protects the engine from overheating is very similar in viscosity to water. The 2006 generation of engines spun up to 20,000 rpm and produced over 580 kW (780 bhp). For 2007, engines were restricted to 19,000 rpm with limited development areas allowed, following the engine specification freeze since the end of 2006. For the 2009 Formula One season the engines were further restricted to 18,000 rpm.A wide variety of technologies – including active suspension are banned under the current regulations. Despite this the current generation of cars can reach speeds in excess of 350 km/h (220 mph) at some circuits. The highest straight line speed recorded during a Grand Prix was 372.6 km/h (231.5 mph), set by Juan Pablo Montoya during the 2005 Italian Grand Prix. A BAR-Honda Formula One car, running with minimum downforce on a runway in the Mojave Desert achieved a top speed of 415 km/h (258 mph) in 2006. According to Honda, the car fully met the FIA Formula One regulations.Even with the limitations on aerodynamics, at 160 km/h (99 mph) aerodynamically generated downforce is equal to the weight of the car, and the oft-repeated claim that Formula One cars create enough downforce to "drive on the ceiling", while possible in principle, has never been put to the test. Downforce of 2.5 times the car's weight can be achieved at full speed. The downforce means that the cars can achieve a lateral force with a magnitude of up to 3.5 times that of the force of gravity (3.5g) in cornering. Consequently, the driver's head is pulled sideways with a force equivalent to the weight of 20 kg in corners. Such high lateral forces are enough to make breathing difficult and the drivers need supreme concentration and fitness to maintain their focus for the one to two hours that it takes to complete the race. A high-performance road car like the Enzo Ferrari only achieves around 1g.As of 2019, each team may have no more than two cars available for use at any time. Each driver may use no more than four engines during a championship season unless they drive for more than one team. If more engines are used, they drop ten places on the starting grid of the event at which an additional engine is used. The only exception is where the engine is provided by a manufacturer or supplier taking part in its first championship season, in which case up to five may be used by a driver. Each driver may use no more than one gearbox for six consecutive events; every unscheduled gearbox change requires the driver to drop five places on the grid unless they failed to finish the previous race due to reasons beyond the team's control.As of 2019, each driver is limited to three power units per season, before incurring grid penalties.

 Revenue and profits 
In March 2007, F1 Racing published its annual estimates of spending by Formula One teams. The total spending of all eleven teams in 2006 was estimated at $2.9 billion US. This was broken down as follows: Toyota $418.5 million, Ferrari $406.5 m, McLaren $402 m, Honda $380.5 m, BMW Sauber $355 m, Renault $324 m, Red Bull $252 m, Williams $195.5 m, Midland F1/Spyker-MF1 $120 m, Toro Rosso $75 m, and Super Aguri $57 million.
Costs vary greatly from team to team. Honda, Toyota, McLaren-Mercedes, and Ferrari were estimated to have spent approximately $200 million on engines in 2006, Renault spent approximately $125 million and Cosworth's 2006 V8 was developed for $15 million. In contrast to the 2006 season on which these figures are based, the 2007 sporting regulations banned all performance-related engine development.Formula One teams pay entry fees of $500,000, plus $5,000 per point scored the previous year or $6,000 per point for the winner of the Constructors' Championship. Formula One drivers pay a FIA Super Licence fee, which in 2013 was €10,000 plus €1,000 per point.There have been controversies with the way profits are shared among the teams. The smaller teams have complained that the profits are unevenly shared, favouring established top teams. In September 2015, Force India and Sauber officially lodged a complaint with the European Union against Formula One questioning the governance and stating that the system of dividing revenues and determining the rules is unfair and unlawful.The cost of building a brand-new permanent circuit can be up to hundreds of millions of dollars, while the cost of converting a public road, such as Albert Park, into a temporary circuit is much less. Permanent circuits, however, can generate revenue all year round from leasing the track for private races and other races, such as MotoGP. The Shanghai International Circuit cost over $300 million and the Istanbul Park circuit cost $150 million to build.A number of Formula One drivers earn the highest salary of any drivers in auto racing. The highest-paid driver in 2021 is Lewis Hamilton, who received $55 million in salary from Mercedes AMG Petronas F1 – a record for any driver. The very top Formula One drivers get paid more than IndyCar or NASCAR drivers; however, the earnings immediately fall off after the top three F1 drivers, and the majority of NASCAR racers will make more money than their F1 counterparts. Most top IndyCar drivers are paid around a tenth of their Formula One counterparts.In the second quarter of 2020, Formula One reported a loss revenue of $122 million and an income of $24 million. This was a result of the delay of the racing championship start as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The company grossed revenues of $620 million for the same quarter the previous year.

 Future 
The expense of Formula One has seen the FIA and the Formula One Commission attempt to create new regulations to lower the costs for a team to compete in the sport.Following their purchase of the commercial rights to the sport in 2017, Liberty Media announced their vision for the future of Formula One at the 2018 Bahrain Grand Prix. The proposal identified five key areas, including streamlining the governance of the sport, emphasising cost-effectiveness, maintaining the sport's relevance to road cars and encouraging new manufacturers to enter the championship whilst enabling them to be competitive. Liberty cited 2021 as their target date as it coincided with the need to renew commercial agreements with the teams and the end of the seven-year cycle of engine development that started in 2014.
On 19 August 2020, it was announced that all 10 teams had signed the new Concorde Agreement. This came into effect at the start of the 2021 season and changed how prize money and TV revenue is distributed.

 Responsibility towards the environment 

Formula One has launched a plan to become carbon neutral by 2030. By 2025, all events should become "sustainable", including eliminating single-use plastics and ensuring all waste is reused, recycled or composted.A report conducted by Formula One estimated that the series was responsible for 256,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions in the 2019 season, finding that 45% of emissions were from logistics and only 0.7% were from emissions from the cars themselves.In January 2020, FIA and Formula One signed the United Nations "Sports for Climate Action" framework. After the signing was announced, FIA President Jean Todt said: "As an international Federation comprising 244 members in 140 countries and the leader in motor sport and mobility development, we are fully committed to global environmental protection. The signing of this UN Sports for Climate Action Framework reinforces the momentum that has been growing in our Federation for many years. Since the introduction of the hybrid power unit in F1 to the creation of the Environment and Sustainability Commission, the entire FIA community has been investing time, energy and financial resources to the benefit of environmental innovations. We aim to inspire greater awareness and best practice in sustainability motor sport standards."From the 2021–22 season, all cars will increase the bio-component of their fuel, using E10 fuel, rather than the 5.75% of ethanol currently used. This percentage is expected to grow again in the future. In December 2020, the FIA claimed that it had developed a fuel with 100% sustainability, to be used in Formula One from either 2025 or 2026, when new engine regulations come into force.

 Responsibility towards social inequities in the sport 
Prior to the beginning of the 2020 Formula One World Championship, F1 announced and launched the #WeRaceAsOne initiative. The initiative primarily focuses on visible displays of solidarity in the fight against racism on Grand Prix Weekends, as well as the creation of a Formula 1 Task Force that will "listen to people from across the paddock [...] and make conclusions on the actions required to improve the diversity and opportunity in Formula 1 at all levels". The move spurs from the growing questions about racism and global inequalities perpetuated by the sport. The 70-year history of the World Championship has been dominated by European and white drivers, with the first (and only) black driver, Lewis Hamilton, participating in the world championship since 2007.In addition to organization-wide measures, individual teams have also acknowledged deficiencies in the sport's cultural and political activism. During the 2020 season, the Mercedes-AMG Petronas F1 Team conducted a study of its racial composition and found that approximately 95% of its workforce was white. Due to the results of the study, the team changed the car's livery to promote anti-racism messages and also launched the Accelerate 25 programme. The program vows that approximately 25% of all new hires to the team will come from underrepresented minorities in the sport until 2025.The 20 drivers on the grid have also stood in solidarity on multiple occasions in the fight against racism both on and off the track. Following the murder of George Floyd in the summer of 2020, all twenty drivers wore "End Racism" shirts and took part in an organised anti-racism protest during the pre-race formalities. In the year since, Lewis Hamilton has remained vocal in his pre-race attire, with other drivers occasionally wearing change-demanding clothing.

 Media coverage 

Formula One can be seen live, or tape delayed in almost every country and territory and attracts one of the largest global television audiences. The 2008 season attracted a global audience of 600 million people per race. The cumulative television audience was calculated to be 54 billion for the 2001 season, broadcast to 200 territories.During the early 1990s, Formula One Group created a number of trademarks, an official logo, an official TV graphics package and in 2003, an official website for the sport in an attempt to give it a corporate identity.
TV stations all take what is known as the "World Feed", either produced historically by the "host broadcaster" or by Formula One Management (FOM). The host broadcaster either had one feed for all, or two separate feeds – a feed for local viewers and a feed for international viewers. The one size fits all approach meant that there was bias to a certain team or driver during the event, which led to viewers missing out on more important action and incidents, while the two-feed approach meant that replays (for when returning from an ad break) and local bias action could be overlaid on the local feed while the international feed was left unaffected.
The only station that differed from this set up was "DF1" (re-branded to "Premiere" then to "Sky Deutschland") – a German channel which offers all sessions live and interactive, with features such as the onboard and pit-lane channels. This service was purchased by Bernie Ecclestone at the end of 1996 and became F1 Digital Plus, which was made more widely available around Europe until the end of 2002, when the cost of the digital interactive service was thought too much.
On 12 January 2011, F1 announced that it would adopt the HD format for the 2011 season.It was announced on 29 July 2011, that Sky Sports and the BBC would team up to show the races in F1 from 2012 to 2018. Sky launched a dedicated channel, Sky Sports F1 which covered all races live without commercial interruption as well as live practice and qualifying sessions, along with F1 programming, including interviews, archive action and magazine shows. In 2012 the BBC broadcast live coverage of half of the races in the season. The BBC ended its television contract after the 2015 season, three years earlier than planned. The free-to-air TV rights were picked up by Channel 4 until the end of the 2018 season. Sky Sports F1 coverage remained unaffected and BBC Radio 5 Live and 5 Sports Extra coverage was extended until 2021. As of 2022, BBC Radio 5 Live and 5 Sports Extra has rights to such coverage until 2024.While Sky Sports and Channel 4 are the two major broadcasters of Formula 1, other countries show Formula One races. Many use commentary from either Sky Sports or Channel 4. In most of Asia (excluding China), the two main broadcasters of Formula one includes the Fox network and Star Sports (in India). In the United States, ESPN holds the official rights to broadcast the sport while ABC also holds free-to-air rights for some races under the ESPN on ABC banner. In Germany, Austria and Switzerland, the two main broadcasters are RTL Germany and n-TV. In China, there are multiple channels that broadcast Formula One which include CCTV, Tencent, Guangdong TV and Shanghai TV. Currently in France, the only channel that broadcasts Formula one is the pay TV channel Canal+, having renewed its broadcasting rights until 2024.The official Formula One website has live timing charts that can be used during the race to follow the leaderboard in real time. An official application has been available for the Apple App Store since 2009, and on Google Play since 2011, that shows users a real-time feed of driver positions, timing and commentary. On 26 November 2017 Formula One unveiled a new logo, which replaced the previous "flying one" in use since 1993.In March 2018, FOM announced the launch of F1 TV, an over-the-top (OTT) streaming platform that lets viewers watch multiple simultaneous video feeds and timing screens in addition to traditional directed race footage and commentary.

 Distinction between Formula One and World Championship races 
Currently, the terms "Formula One race" and "World Championship race" are effectively synonymous. Since 1984, every Formula One race has counted towards the World Championship, and every World Championship race has been run to Formula One regulations. However, the two terms are not interchangeable.

The first Formula One race was held in 1946, whereas the World Championship did not start until 1950.
In the 1950s and 1960s, there were many Formula One races that did not count for the World Championship (e.g., in 1950, a total of twenty-two Formula One races were held, of which only six counted towards the World Championship). The number of non-championship Formula One events decreased throughout the 1970s and 1980s, to the point where the last non-championship Formula One race was the 1983 Race of Champions.
The World Championship was not always exclusively composed of Formula One events:
The World Championship was originally established as the "World Championship for Drivers", i.e., without the term "Formula One" in the title. It only officially became the FIA Formula One World Championship in 1981.
From 1950 to 1960, the Indianapolis 500 race counted towards the World Championship. This race was run to American Automobile Association, and later United States Automobile Club, Championship Car regulations, rather than to Formula One regulations. Only one of the World Championship regulars, Alberto Ascari in 1952, started at Indianapolis during this period.
From 1952 to 1953, all races counting towards the World Championship (except the Indianapolis 500) were run to Formula Two regulations. Formula One was not changed to Formula Two during this period; the Formula One regulations remained the same, and numerous non-championship Formula One races were staged during this time.The distinction is most relevant when considering career summaries and all-time lists. For example, in the List of Formula One drivers, Clemente Biondetti is shown with a single race against his name. Biondetti actually competed in four Formula One races in 1950, but only one of these counted for the World Championship.
In the earlier history of Formula One, many races took place outside the World Championship, and local championships run to Formula One regulations also occurred. These events often took place on circuits that were not always suitable for the World Championship and featured local cars and drivers as well as those competing in the championship.

 European non-championship racing 
In the early years of Formula One, before the world championship was established, there were around twenty races held from late Spring to early Autumn in Europe, although not all of these were considered significant. Most competitive cars came from Italy, particularly Alfa Romeo. After the start of the world championship, these non-championship races continued. In the 1950s and 1960s, there were many Formula One races which did not count for the World Championship; in 1950 a total of twenty-two Formula One races were held, of which only six counted towards the World Championship. In 1952 and 1953, when the world championship was run to Formula Two regulations, non-championship events were the only Formula One races that took place.
Some races, particularly in the UK, including the Race of Champions, Oulton Park International Gold Cup and the International Trophy, were attended by the majority of the world championship contenders. Other smaller events were regularly held in locations not part of the championship, such as the Syracuse and Danish Grands Prix, although these only attracted a small amount of the championship teams and relied on private entries and lower Formula cars to make up the grid. These became less common through the 1970s and 1983 saw the last non-championship Formula One race; the 1983 Race of Champions at Brands Hatch, won by reigning World Champion Keke Rosberg in a Williams-Cosworth in a close fight with American Danny Sullivan.

 South African Formula One championship 

South Africa's flourishing domestic Formula One championship ran from 1960 through to 1975. The frontrunning cars in the series were recently retired from the world championship although there was also a healthy selection of locally built or modified machines. 

 British Formula One Championship 

The DFV helped in making the UK domestic Formula One championship possible between 1978 and 1980. As in South Africa a decade before, second hand cars from manufacturers like Lotus and Fittipaldi Automotive were the order of the day, although some, such as the March 781, were built specifically for the series. In 1980, the series saw South African Desiré Wilson become the only woman to win a Formula One race when she triumphed at Brands Hatch in a Wolf WR3.

 See also 
Formula One video games

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 

 External links 
Official website 
 Media related to Formula One at Wikimedia Commons

Pornography in Pakistan
Pornography in Pakistan is subject to several legal provisions. The Government of Pakistan has placed ban on internet websites containing such material since November 2011. Major pornography website are already barred in Pakistan. In 2016, it was reported that government of Pakistan ordered Internet Service Providers (ISPs) in Pakistan to block more than 400,000 websites which contained pornographic content. Later in 2019, around 800,000 additional website containing pornographic content were banned by the Pakistan Telecom Authority on the order of government of Pakistan.

 History 
Until September 2011, Internet pornography was accessible and pornography was widely accessed with no policy towards censorship. Men often visited Internet cafes to pay for and watch pornography. However, in November 2011, the Pakistan Telecommunications Authority's (PTA) decided to start blocking pornographic websites.In September 2011, a hacker claiming to be from Pakistan defaced the official website of the Supreme Court of Pakistan as a means to raise attention and call on the Chief Justice to permanently ban and block access to pornographic content on the Internet in the country. In October 2011, the website of the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA) was also defaced by the same hacker, with similar demands where the hacker demanded a blanket ban on all websites containing explicit material.In November 2011, the PTA announced that it was in the process of banning the 1,000 most-frequented pornographic websites in Pakistan. The measure was taken to curb pornography. A report in 2012 said that, with many porn websites banned in the country, a few people were turning to purchasing pornographic DVDs in places such as Karachi's Rainbow Centre, which has long been the largest hub of video piracy and CD distribution in Pakistan.

 Child pornography 
Child pornography is illegal in Pakistan. Culprits found involved in child pornography and child sexual abuse will be subject to 7 years in prison and a fine of US$7,000 as per the Pakistani laws. The punishment was later increased to 14 years to 20 years in prison and a fine of 1 million Rupees. Pakistan also has cyber unit to curb child pornography within the country. The unit has a team of 40 members and one director-level official, who will be independent to investigate the matter and the unit is integrated with the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) and Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA).Before introducing its own laws regarding the child pornography, Pakistan had ratified the Optional Protocol to the UNCRC on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography.Federal Investigation Agency, cyber-crime chief has said, "Child pornography is a business  . . with those involved in the crime linked to international child pornography rings." On 18 July 2019, around 2,384 websites containing child pornographic content were blocked by Pakistan Telecom Authority (PTA). Chairman of Pakistan Telecom Authorities, Aamir Azim Bajwa, stated that Pakistan was in touch with the Interpol to ban obscene material related to children. He said that the authorities did not find any evidence to suggest that these materials are being uploaded in Pakistan and people in Pakistan are viewing such content through VPN (virtual private network). The chairman further stated that PTA has blocked around 11,000 proxies and are working on methods to supervise VPN.

 See also 
Censorship in Pakistan
Dance bar
Internet censorship in Pakistan
Internet in Pakistan
Kasur child sexual abuse scandal
Mujra
Nautch
Prostitution in colonial India
Prostitution in Pakistan
Tawaif

 References 

Brendan Allen
Brendan Cody Allen (born December 28, 1995) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). A professional since 2015, he has also competed for the Legacy Fighting Alliance, where he is the former Middleweight Champion. As of January 16, 2024, he is #7 in the UFC middleweight rankings.

 Background 
Allen was born to Michelle Allen and James Allen of Louisiana. Allen has an older brother, James Jr. Brendan started training in Brazilian jiu-jitsu when he was 13 after watching a jiu-jitsu class with his brother. In high school Allen started competing in Mississippi after he had some training in wrestling and boxing. Allen attended university at Southeastern Louisiana University, majoring in criminal justice. He later joined Clementi's Gladiator Academy to train in mixed martial arts. After winning the IMMAF 2015 Amateur Middleweight Championship, Allen turned to compete in professional MMA.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
Allen started his professional MMA career in 2015 and fought under various promotions in the South. He was the Legacy Fighting Alliance middleweight champion twice, defeating Tim Hiley and Moses Murrietta at LFA 50 and LFA 61, respectively.

 Dana White's Contender Series 
Allen appeared in Dana White's Contender Series 20 on July 16, 2019, facing Aaron Jeffery. He won the fight via a submission in the first round. With this win, he was awarded a UFC contract.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
In his UFC debut, Allen was scheduled to face Eric Spicely on October 18, 2019, at UFC on ESPN: Reyes vs. Weidman. However, Spicely was forced to withdraw from the event due to an undisclosed reason. Allen instead faced Kevin Holland. He won the fight via a submission in round two.Allen's next fight came on February 29, 2020, facing Tom Breese at UFC Fight Night: Benavidez vs. Figueiredo. He won the fight by TKO in the first round.Allan was scheduled to face Ian Heinisch on June 27, 2020, at UFC on ESPN: Poirier vs. Hooker. However, Heinisch pulled out of the match up in mid-June citing an injury and was replaced by promotional newcomer Kyle Daukaus. He won the fight via unanimous decision.The bout between Heinisch and Allen was rescheduled again on November 7, 2020, at UFC on ESPN: Santos vs. Teixeira. On the day of the event, the UFC announced the bout was once again canceled due to Heinisch tested  positive for COVID-19.Allen faced Sean Strickland on November 14, 2020, at UFC Fight Night: Felder vs. dos Anjos. He lost the fight via technical knockout.Allen faced Karl Roberson on April 24, 2021, at UFC 261. He won the bout via ankle hook submission at the end of the first round.Replacing injured Anthony Hernandez, Allen faced Punahele Soriano on July 24, 2021, at UFC on ESPN: Sandhagen vs. Dillashaw. Allen won the fight via unanimous decision.Allen was scheduled to face Brad Tavares on December 4, 2021, at UFC on ESPN: Font vs. Aldo. Tavares pulled out in mid November and was replaced by Roman Dolidze. In turn Dolidze was forced to pull from the bout due to complications in his recovery from COVID-19 and he was replaced by Chris Curtis. Allen lost the fight via technical knockout in round two.Allen faced Sam Alvey, replacing Phil Hawes, on February 5, 2022, at UFC Fight Night 200. He won the fight via rear-naked choke submission in the second round.Allen faced Jacob Malkoun on June 11, 2022, at UFC 275. He won the bout via unanimous decision.Allen faced Krzysztof Jotko on October 1, 2022, at UFC Fight Night: Dern vs. Yan. He won the bout at the end of the first round, submitting Jotko via rear-naked choke. This win earned him the Performance of the Night award.Allen faced André Muniz on February 25, 2023, at UFC Fight Night 220. He won the fight via a rear-naked choke submission in round three. This win earned him the Performance of the Night bonus.Allen was scheduled to face Jack Hermansson on June 3, 2023, at UFC on ESPN 46. However, Hermansson withdrew in late April due to an undisclosed injury and the bout was cancelled.Allen faced Bruno Silva  on June 24, 2023 at UFC on ABC 5. He won the bout in the first round via a rear-naked choke submission.Allen faced Paul Craig on November 18, 2023, at UFC Fight Night 232. He won the fight via a rear-naked choke submission in the third round. With this win, he earned a Performance of the Night award.Allen is scheduled to face Marvin Vettori on April 6, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 242.

 Championships and accomplishments 
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (Three times) vs. Krzysztof Jotko, André Muniz & Paul Craig
Second most submissions in UFC Middleweight division history (6)
Tied (Charles Oliveira) for third longest submission streak in UFC history (4)
Tied (Charles Oliveira & Renato Moicano) for third most rear-naked submissions in UFC history (6)
Legacy Fighting Alliance
LFA Middleweight Champion (Two times) vs. Tim Hiley and Moses Murrietta.
International Mixed Martial Arts Federation  (IMMAF)
IMMAF 2015 Amateur Middleweight Champion

 Personal life 
Allen and his wife Suzette had their first daughter in December 2019.

 Mixed martial arts record 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 
Brendan Allen at UFC
Professional MMA record for Brendan Allen from Sherdog

Barbara Montagu
Lady Barbara Montague (ca. 1722 – August 1765) was a British philanthropist and charity worker, who sponsored programs to assist primarily poor women. As an unmarried woman, and due to illness unable to live with family, she created an alternate family situation that allowed her independence. Joining a community of women in Bath, the group pooled their resources to provide support for each other and others in their community. Upon her death, she left bequests to continue providing for those who had been important in caring for her in her lifetime.

 Early life 
Lady Barbara Montague, known as "Lady Bab" was born around 1722 to George Montagu, 1st Earl of Halifax and Lady Mary Lumley, the daughter of Richard Lumley, 1st Earl of Scarbrough. Her parents had six daughters, and one son, who would become George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax, after changing his surname when he married the heiress Anne Richards, a legatee of Sir Thomas Dunk. Upon their father's death, each of his daughters was apportioned £5,000. Lady Bab's income was placed in an annuity giving her an annual income of around £100.

 Later life 
Though unacceptable for unmarried women to live alone in the period, Lady Bab, who suffered from a serious heart condition, was unsuited for marriage, or taking residence with any of her sisters, as she could not bear the hectic pace of court life.
In 1748 Montagu met Sarah Scott, an English novelist and translator, who was the daughter of Elizabeth (née Drake) and Matthew Robinson, both from distinguished Yorkshire families. One of twelve children, Sarah was close to her sister Elizabeth Montagu, a leader of the Blue Stockings Society, when they were growing up. But, after Sarah's severe bout with smallpox in 1741, she was deemed no longer a suitable catch for marriage and instead sought solace in writing. The two women, unable to find a place in the patriarchal society, forged a household together in Bath among a community of women who found themselves in similar circumstances.Lady Bab was involved in charitable works, such as creating educational cards to sell with the proceeds dedicated to assist a poor neighbor. The cards contained geographical, historical, and mathematical facts and were used as flash cards. She was also involved in a scheme, which she encouraged Sarah to join, to have poor women knit mittens, that they then sold to their circle of friends. Montagu inspired her companion's dedication to charity and Sarah began holding Sunday school classes for children. When Scott married in 1751, it was understood that Lady Bab was to be part of the household. In less than a year, Sarah's father and brother removed her from her marital home and the two women rejoined the community in Bath. The separation agreement left Sarah with only a small allowance, as her husband returned only a portion of her dowry, making the pooling of the women's resources a necessity.Among the women in their community, which included Elizabeth Cutts, Sarah Fielding and possibly Jane Collier, was an agreement that they would support each other psychologically and financially, so that they did not become dependent on others. They encouraged each other to publish, to raise funds to complete charitable works. For example, Lady Bab paid for the publishing of a book, The Histories of Some of the Penitents in the Magdalen House, as Supposed to Be Related by Themselves which was printed anonymously in 1759 so that its royalties might support the author. The book deals with penitent prostitutes and the preface, written by Lady Bab, defends the benefits of charity. They organized a small industrial school to teach basic skills to poor girls, as well as a few boys. In 1763, Lady Barbara gained a pension of £300, significantly improving their circumstances.

 Death and legacy 
Montagu died in August 1765 and was buried in the Church of St Mary, Charlcombe. Per instructions in her will, she returned the £100 annuity her brother had given her in her lifetime. She left over £1,000 to two of her sisters, various members of their community, servants, students she was assisting with education, with the bulk of her estate going to Scott, outright—stating that should Scott remarry, the monies could not come under the control of a spouse. Scott lived for thirty years after the death of Montagu, benefiting from her largess and adhering to the charitable principles they had established together.

 References 

 Citations 

 Bibliography 
Elliott, Dorice Williams (2002). The Angel Out of the House: Philanthropy and Gender in Nineteenth-Century England. Charlottesville, Virginia: University of Virginia Press. ISBN 978-0-8139-2088-7.
Ibbetson, Julius Caesar (1793). A picturesque guide to Bath, Bristol hot-wells, the river Avon, and the adjacent country. London, England: Hookham & Carpenter.
Ogborn, Miles (1998). Spaces of Modernity: London's Geographies, 1680–1780. London, England: Guilford Press. p. 53. ISBN 978-1-57230-365-2.
Rizzo, Betty (2008). Companions Without Vows: Relationships Among Eighteenth-Century British Women. Athens, Georgia: University of Georgia Press. ISBN 978-0-8203-3218-5.

 External links 
"Lady Barbara Montagu [née Montagu] [montabarba024386]". Electronic Enlightenment Biographical Dictionary. 2009. doi:10.13051/ee:bio/montabarba024386. (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)

Rabies
Rabies is a viral disease that causes encephalitis in humans and other mammals. It was historically referred to as hydrophobia ("fear of water") due to the symptom of panic when presented with liquids to drink. Early symptoms can include fever and abnormal sensations at the site of exposure. These symptoms are followed by one or more of the following symptoms: nausea, vomiting, violent movements, uncontrolled excitement, fear of water, an inability to move parts of the body, confusion, and loss of consciousness. Once symptoms appear, the result is virtually always death, regardless of treatment. The time period between contracting the disease and the start of symptoms is usually one to three months but can vary from less than one week to more than one year. The time depends on the distance the virus must travel along peripheral nerves to reach the central nervous system.Rabies is caused by lyssaviruses, including the rabies virus and Australian bat lyssavirus. It is spread when an infected animal bites or scratches a human or other animals. Saliva from an infected animal can also transmit rabies if the saliva comes into contact with the eyes, mouth, or nose. Globally, dogs are the most common animal involved. In countries where dogs commonly have the disease, more than 99% of rabies cases are the direct result of dog bites. In the Americas, bat bites are the most common source of rabies infections in humans, and less than 5% of cases are from dogs. Rodents are very rarely infected with rabies. The disease can be diagnosed only after the start of symptoms.Animal control and vaccination programs have decreased the risk of rabies from dogs in a number of regions of the world. Immunizing people before they are exposed is recommended for those at high risk, including those who work with bats or who spend prolonged periods in areas of the world where rabies is common. In people who have been exposed to rabies, the rabies vaccine and sometimes rabies immunoglobulin are effective in preventing the disease if the person receives the treatment before the start of rabies symptoms. Washing bites and scratches for 15 minutes with soap and water, povidone-iodine, or detergent may reduce the number of viral particles and may be somewhat effective at preventing transmission. As of 2016, only fourteen people were documented to have survived a rabies infection after showing symptoms. However, research conducted in 2010 among a population of people in Peru with a self-reported history of one or more bites from vampire bats (commonly infected with rabies), found that out of 73 individuals reporting previous bat bites, seven people had rabies virus-neutralizing antibodies (rVNA). Since only one member of this group reported prior vaccination for rabies, the findings of the research suggest previously undocumented cases of infection and viral replication followed by an abortive infection. This could indicate that people may have an exposure to the virus without treatment and develop natural antibodies as a result.
Rabies causes about 59,000 deaths worldwide per year, about 40% of which are in children under the age of 15. More than 95% of human deaths from rabies occur in Africa and Asia. Rabies is present in more than 150 countries and on all continents but Antarctica. More than 3 billion people live in regions of the world where rabies occurs. A number of countries, including Australia and Japan, as well as much of Western Europe, do not have rabies among dogs. Many Pacific islands do not have rabies at all. It is classified as a neglected tropical disease.

 Etymology 
The name rabies is derived from the Latin rabies, "madness". This, in turn, may be related to the Sanskrit rabhas, "to rage". The Greeks derived the word lyssa, from lud or "violent"; this root is used in the genus name of the rabies virus, Lyssavirus.

 Signs and symptoms 
The period between infection and the first symptoms (incubation period) is typically one to three months in humans. This period may be as short as four days or longer than six years, depending on the location and severity of the wound and the amount of virus introduced. Initial symptoms of rabies are often nonspecific such as fever and headache. As rabies progresses and causes inflammation of the brain and meninges, symptoms can include slight or partial paralysis, anxiety, insomnia, confusion, agitation, abnormal behavior, paranoia, terror, and hallucinations. The person may also have fear of water.The symptoms eventually progress to delirium, and coma. Death usually occurs two to ten days after first symptoms. Survival is almost unknown once symptoms have presented, even with intensive care.
Rabies has also occasionally been referred to as hydrophobia ("fear of water") throughout its history. It refers to a set of symptoms in the later stages of an infection in which the person has difficulty swallowing, shows panic when presented with liquids to drink, and cannot quench their thirst. Saliva production is greatly increased, and attempts to drink, or even the intention or suggestion of drinking, may cause excruciatingly painful spasms of the muscles in the throat and larynx. Since the infected individual cannot swallow saliva and water, the virus has a much higher chance of being transmitted, because it multiplies and accumulates in the salivary glands and is transmitted through biting.Hydrophobia is commonly associated with furious rabies, which affects 80% of rabies-infected people. This form of rabies causes irrational aggression in the host, which aids in the spreading of the virus through animal bites; a "foaming at the mouth" effect, caused by the accumulation of saliva, is also commonly associated with rabies in the public perception and in popular culture. The remaining 20% may experience a paralytic form of rabies that is marked by muscle weakness, loss of sensation, and paralysis; this form of rabies does not usually cause fear of water.

 Cause 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
Rabies is caused by a number of lyssaviruses including the rabies virus and Australian bat lyssavirus. Duvenhage lyssavirus may cause a rabies-like infection.The rabies virus is the type species of the Lyssavirus genus, in the family Rhabdoviridae, order Mononegavirales. Lyssavirions have helical symmetry, with a length of about 180 nm and a cross-section of about 75 nm. These virions are enveloped and have a single-stranded RNA genome with negative sense. The genetic information is packed as a ribonucleoprotein complex in which RNA is tightly bound by the viral nucleoprotein. The RNA genome of the virus encodes five genes whose order is highly conserved: nucleoprotein (N), phosphoprotein (P), matrix protein (M), glycoprotein (G), and the viral RNA polymerase (L).To enter cells, trimeric spikes on the exterior of the membrane of the virus interact with a specific cell receptor, the most likely one being the acetylcholine receptor. The cellular membrane pinches in a procession known as pinocytosis and allows entry of the virus into the cell by way of an endosome. The virus then uses the acidic environment, which is necessary, of that endosome and binds to its membrane simultaneously, releasing its five proteins and single-strand RNA into the cytoplasm.Once within a muscle or nerve cell, the virus undergoes replication. The L protein then transcribes five mRNA strands and a positive strand of RNA all from the original negative strand RNA using free nucleotides in the cytoplasm. These five mRNA strands are then translated into their corresponding proteins (P, L, N, G and M proteins) at free ribosomes in the cytoplasm. Some proteins require post-translational modifications. For example, the G protein travels through the rough endoplasmic reticulum, where it undergoes further folding, and is then transported to the Golgi apparatus, where a sugar group is added to it (glycosylation).When there are enough viral proteins, the viral polymerase will begin to synthesize new negative strands of RNA from the template of the positive-strand RNA. These negative strands will then form complexes with the N, P, L and M proteins and then travel to the inner membrane of the cell, where a G protein has embedded itself in the membrane. The G protein then coils around the N-P-L-M complex of proteins taking some of the host cell membrane with it, which will form the new outer envelope of the virus particle. The virus then buds from the cell.From the point of entry, the virus is neurotropic, traveling along the neural pathways into the central nervous system. The virus usually first infects muscle cells close to the site of infection, where they are able to replicate without being 'noticed' by the host's immune system. Once enough virus has been replicated, they begin to bind to acetylcholine receptors at the neuromuscular junction. The virus then travels through the nerve cell axon via retrograde transport, as its P protein interacts with dynein, a protein present in the cytoplasm of nerve cells. Once the virus reaches the cell body it travels rapidly to the central nervous system (CNS), replicating in motor neurons and eventually reaching the brain. After the brain is infected, the virus travels centrifugally to the peripheral and autonomic nervous systems, eventually migrating to the salivary glands, where it is ready to be transmitted to the next host.: 317 

 Transmission 
All warm-blooded species, including humans, may become infected with the rabies virus and develop symptoms. Birds were first artificially infected with rabies in 1884; however, infected birds are largely, if not wholly, asymptomatic, and recover. Other bird species have been known to develop rabies antibodies, a sign of infection, after feeding on rabies-infected mammals.The virus has also adapted to grow in cells of cold-blooded vertebrates. Most animals can be infected by the virus and can transmit the disease to humans. Worldwide, about 99% of human rabies cases come from domestic dogs. Other sources of rabies in humans include bats, monkeys, raccoons, foxes, skunks, cattle, wolves, coyotes, cats, and mongooses (normally either the small Asian mongoose or the yellow mongoose).Rabies may also spread through exposure to infected bears, domestic farm animals, groundhogs, weasels, and other wild carnivorans. However, lagomorphs, such as hares and rabbits, and small rodents, such as chipmunks, gerbils, guinea pigs, hamsters, mice, rats, and squirrels, are almost never found to be infected with rabies and are not known to transmit rabies to humans. Bites from mice, rats, or squirrels rarely require rabies prevention because these rodents are typically killed by any encounter with a larger, rabid animal, and would, therefore, not be carriers. The Virginia opossum (a marsupial, unlike the other mammals named in this paragraph, which are all eutherians/placental), has a lower internal body temperature than the rabies virus prefers and therefore is resistant but not immune to rabies. Marsupials, along with monotremes (platypuses and echidnas), typically have lower body temperatures than similarly sized eutherians.The virus is usually present in the nerves and saliva of a symptomatic rabid animal. The route of infection is usually, but not always, by a bite. In many cases, the infected animal is exceptionally aggressive, may attack without provocation, and exhibits otherwise uncharacteristic behavior. This is an example of a viral pathogen modifying the behavior of its host to facilitate its transmission to other hosts. After a typical human infection by bite, the virus enters the peripheral nervous system. It then travels retrograde along the efferent nerves toward the central nervous system. During this phase, the virus cannot be easily detected within the host, and vaccination may still confer cell-mediated immunity to prevent symptomatic rabies. When the virus reaches the brain, it rapidly causes encephalitis, the prodromal phase, which is the beginning of the symptoms. Once the patient becomes symptomatic, treatment is almost never effective and mortality is over 99%. Rabies may also inflame the spinal cord, producing transverse myelitis.Although it is theoretically possible for rabies-infected humans to transmit it to others by biting or otherwise, no such cases have ever been documented, because infected humans are usually hospitalized and necessary precautions taken. Casual contact, such as touching a person with rabies or contact with non-infectious fluid or tissue (urine, blood, feces), does not constitute an exposure and does not require post-exposure prophylaxis. But as the virus is present in sperm and vaginal secretions, it might be possible for rabies to spread through sex. There are only a small number of recorded cases of human-to-human transmission of rabies, and all occurred through organ transplants, most frequently with corneal transplantation, from infected donors.

 Diagnosis 
Rabies can be difficult to diagnose because, in the early stages, it is easily confused with other diseases or even with a simple aggressive temperament. The reference method for diagnosing rabies is the fluorescent antibody test (FAT), an immunohistochemistry procedure, which is recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO). The FAT relies on the ability of a detector molecule (usually fluorescein isothiocyanate) coupled with a rabies-specific antibody, forming a conjugate, to bind to and allow the visualisation of rabies antigen using fluorescent microscopy techniques. Microscopic analysis of samples is the only direct method that allows for the identification of rabies virus-specific antigen in a short time and at a reduced cost, irrespective of geographical origin and status of the host. It has to be regarded as the first step in diagnostic procedures for all laboratories. Autolysed samples can, however, reduce the sensitivity and specificity of the FAT. The RT PCR assays proved to be a sensitive and specific tool for routine diagnostic purposes, particularly in decomposed samples or archival specimens. The diagnosis can be reliably made from brain samples taken after death. The diagnosis can also be made from saliva, urine, and cerebrospinal fluid samples, but this is not as sensitive or reliable as brain samples. Cerebral inclusion bodies called Negri bodies are 100% diagnostic for rabies infection but are found in only about 80% of cases. If possible, the animal from which the bite was received should also be examined for rabies.Some light microscopy techniques may also be used to diagnose rabies at a tenth of the cost of traditional fluorescence microscopy techniques, allowing identification of the disease in less-developed countries. A test for rabies, known as LN34, is easier to run on a dead animal's brain and might help determine who does and does not need post-exposure prevention. The test was developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in 2018.The differential diagnosis in a case of suspected human rabies may initially include any cause of encephalitis, in particular infection with viruses such as herpesviruses, enteroviruses, and arboviruses such as West Nile virus. The most important viruses to rule out are herpes simplex virus type one, varicella zoster virus, and (less commonly) enteroviruses, including coxsackieviruses, echoviruses, polioviruses, and human enteroviruses 68 to 71.New causes of viral encephalitis are also possible, as was evidenced by the 1999 outbreak in Malaysia of 300 cases of encephalitis with a mortality rate of 40% caused by Nipah virus, a newly recognized paramyxovirus. Likewise, well-known viruses may be introduced into new locales, as is illustrated by the outbreak of encephalitis due to West Nile virus in the eastern United States.

 Prevention 

Almost all human exposure to rabies was fatal until a vaccine was developed in 1885 by Louis Pasteur and Émile Roux. Their original vaccine was harvested from infected rabbits, from which the virus in the nerve tissue was weakened by allowing it to dry for five to ten days. Similar nerve tissue-derived vaccines are still used in some countries, as they are much cheaper than modern cell culture vaccines.The human diploid cell rabies vaccine was started in 1967. Less expensive purified chicken embryo cell vaccine and purified vero cell rabies vaccine are now available. A recombinant vaccine called V-RG has been used in Belgium, France, Germany, and the United States to prevent outbreaks of rabies in undomesticated animals. Immunization before exposure has been used in both human and nonhuman populations, where, as in many jurisdictions, domesticated animals are required to be vaccinated.
The Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services Communicable Disease Surveillance 2007 Annual Report states the following can help reduce the risk of contracting rabies:
Vaccinating dogs, cats, and ferrets against rabies
Keeping pets under supervision
Not handling wild animals or strays
Contacting an animal control officer upon observing a wild animal or a stray, especially if the animal is acting strangely
If bitten by an animal, washing the wound with soap and water for 10 to 15 minutes and contacting a healthcare provider to determine if post-exposure prophylaxis is required28 September is World Rabies Day, which promotes the information, prevention, and elimination of the disease.In Asia and in parts of the Americas and Africa, dogs remain the principal host. Mandatory vaccination of animals is less effective in rural areas. Especially in developing countries, pets may not be privately kept and their destruction may be unacceptable. Oral vaccines can be safely distributed in baits, a practice that has successfully reduced rabies in rural areas of Canada, France, and the United States. In Montreal, Quebec, Canada, baits are successfully used on raccoons in the Mount-Royal Park area. Vaccination campaigns may be expensive, but cost-benefit analysis suggests baits may be a cost-effective method of control. In Ontario, a dramatic drop in rabies was recorded when an aerial bait-vaccination campaign was launched.The number of recorded human deaths from rabies in the United States has dropped from 100 or more annually in the early 20th century to one or two per year due to widespread vaccination of domestic dogs and cats and the development of human vaccines and immunoglobulin treatments. Most deaths now result from bat bites, which may go unnoticed by the victim and hence untreated.

 Treatment 

 After exposure 
Treatment after exposure can prevent the disease if given within 10 days. The rabies vaccine is 100% effective if given before symptoms of rabies appear. Every year, more than 15 million people get vaccinated after potential exposure. While this works well, the cost is significant. In the US it is recommended people receive one dose of human rabies immunoglobulin (HRIG) and four doses of rabies vaccine over a 14-day period. HRIG is expensive and makes up most of the cost of post-exposure treatment, ranging as high as several thousand dollars. In the UK, one dose of HRIG costs the National Health Service £1,000, although this is not flagged as a "high-cost medication". A full course of vaccine costs £120–180. As much as possible of HRIG should be injected around the bites, with the remainder being given by deep intramuscular injection at a site distant from the vaccination site.People who have previously been vaccinated against rabies do not need to receive the immunoglobulin—only the postexposure vaccinations on days 0 and 3. The side effects of modern cell-based vaccines are similar to the side effects of flu shots. The old nerve-tissue-based vaccination required multiple injections into the abdomen with a large needle but is inexpensive. It is being phased out and replaced by affordable World Health Organization intradermal-vaccination regimens. In children less than a year old, the lateral thigh is recommended. Thoroughly washing the wound as soon as possible with soap and water for approximately five minutes is effective in reducing the number of viral particles. Povidone-iodine or alcohol is then recommended to reduce the virus further.Awakening to find a bat in the room, or finding a bat in the room of a previously unattended child or mentally disabled or intoxicated person, is an indication for post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP). The recommendation for the precautionary use of PEP in bat encounters where no contact is recognized has been questioned in the medical literature, based on a cost–benefit analysis. However, a 2002 study has supported the protocol of precautionary administration of PEP where a child or mentally compromised individual has been alone with a bat, especially in sleep areas, where a bite or exposure may occur with the victim being unaware.

 After onset 
Once rabies develops, death almost certainly follows. Palliative care in a hospital setting is recommended with administration of large doses of pain medication, and sedatives in preference to physical restraint. Ice fragments can be given by mouth for thirst, but there is no good evidence intravenous hydration is of benefit.A treatment known as the Milwaukee protocol, which involves putting a person into a chemically induced coma and using antiviral medications, has been proposed but subsequently found not to be useful. It initially came into use in 2003, following Jeanna Giese, a teenage girl from Wisconsin, becoming the first person known to have survived rabies without preventive treatments before symptom onset. While this treatment has been tried multiple times since, there have been no further cases of survival. The protocol has since been assessed as an ineffective treatment with concerns related to the costs and ethics of its use.

 Prognosis 
Vaccination after exposure, PEP, is highly successful in preventing rabies. In unvaccinated humans, rabies is almost certainly fatal after neurological symptoms have developed.

 Epidemiology 

In 2010, an estimated 26,000 people died from rabies, down from 54,000 in 1990. The majority of the deaths occurred in Asia and Africa. As of 2015, India (approximately 20,847), followed by China (approximately 6,000) and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (5,600), had the most cases. A 2015 collaboration between the World Health Organization, World Organization of Animal Health (OIE), Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nation (FAO), and Global Alliance for Rabies Control has a goal of eliminating deaths from rabies by 2030.

 India 
India has the highest rate of human rabies in the world, primarily because of stray dogs, whose number has greatly increased since a 2001 law forbade the killing of dogs. Effective control and treatment of rabies in India is hindered by a form of mass hysteria known as puppy pregnancy syndrome (PPS). Dog bite victims with PPS, male as well as female, become convinced that puppies are growing inside them, and often seek help from faith healers rather than medical services. An estimated 20,000 people die every year from rabies in India, more than a third of the global total.

 Australia 
Australia has an official rabies-free status, although Australian bat lyssavirus (ABLV), discovered in 1996, is a rabies-causing virus related to the rabies virus prevalent in Australian native bat populations.

 United States 
Canine-specific rabies has been eradicated in the United States, but rabies is common among wild animals, and an average of 100 dogs become infected from other wildlife each year.Due to high public awareness of the virus, efforts at vaccination of domestic animals and curtailment of feral populations, and availability of postexposure prophylaxis, incidence of rabies in humans is very rare in the United States. From 1960 to 2018, a total of 125 human rabies cases were reported in the United States; 36 (28%) were attributed to dog bites during international travel. Among the 89 infections acquired in the United States, 62 (70%) were attributed to bats. The most recent rabies death in the United States was in November 2021, where a Texas child was bitten by a bat in late August 2021 but his parents failed to get him treatment. He died less than three months later.

 Europe 
Either no or very few cases of rabies are reported each year in Europe; cases are contracted both during travel and in Europe.In Switzerland the disease was virtually eliminated after scientists placed chicken heads laced with live attenuated vaccine in the Swiss Alps. Foxes, proven to be the main source of rabies in the country, ate the chicken heads and became immunized.Italy, after being declared rabies-free from 1997 to 2008, has witnessed a reemergence of the disease in wild animals in the Triveneto regions (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Veneto and Friuli Venezia Giulia), due to the spreading of an epidemic in the Balkans that also affected Austria. An extensive wild animal vaccination campaign eliminated the virus from Italy again, and it regained the rabies-free country status in 2013, the last reported case of rabies being reported in a red fox in early 2011.The United Kingdom has been free of rabies since the early 20th century except for a rabies-like virus (EBLV-2) in a few Daubenton's bats. There has been one fatal case of EBLV-2 transmission to a human. There have been four deaths from rabies, transmitted abroad by dog bites, since 2000. The last infection in the UK occurred in 1922, and the last death from indigenous rabies was in 1902.Sweden and mainland Norway have been free of rabies since 1886. Bat rabies antibodies (but not the virus) have been found in bats. On Svalbard, animals can cross the arctic ice from Greenland or Russia.

 Mexico 
Mexico was certified by the World Health Organization as being free of dog-transmitted rabies in 2019 because no case of dog-human transmission had been recorded in two years.

 History 
Rabies has been known since around 2000 BC. The first written record of rabies is in the Mesopotamian Codex of Eshnunna (c. 1930 BC), which dictates that the owner of a dog showing symptoms of rabies should take preventive measures against bites. If another person were bitten by a rabid dog and later died, the owner was heavily fined.In Ancient Greece, rabies was supposed to be caused by Lyssa, the spirit of mad rage.Ineffective folk remedies abounded in the medical literature of the ancient world. The physician Scribonius Largus prescribed a poultice of cloth and hyena skin; Antaeus recommended a preparation made from the skull of a hanged man.Rabies appears to have originated in the Old World, the first epizootic in the New World occurring in Boston in 1768.Rabies was considered a scourge for its prevalence in the 19th century. In France and Belgium, where Saint Hubert was venerated, the "St Hubert's Key" was heated and applied to cauterize the wound. By an application of magical thinking, dogs were branded with the key in hopes of protecting them from rabies.
It was not uncommon for a person bitten by a dog merely suspected of being rabid to commit suicide or to be killed by others.In ancient times the attachment of the tongue (the lingual frenulum, a mucous membrane) was cut and removed, as this was where rabies was thought to originate. This practice ceased with the discovery of the actual cause of rabies. Louis Pasteur's 1885 nerve tissue vaccine was successful, and was progressively improved to reduce often severe side-effects.In modern times, the fear of rabies has not diminished, and the disease and its symptoms, particularly agitation, have served as an inspiration for several works of zombie or similarly themed fiction, often portraying rabies as having mutated into a stronger virus which fills humans with murderous rage or incurable illness, bringing about a devastating, widespread pandemic.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Other animals 

Rabies is infectious to mammals; three stages of central nervous system infection are recognized. The clinical course is often shorter in animals than in humans, but result in similar symptoms and almost always death. The first stage is a one- to three-day period characterized by behavioral changes and is known as the prodromal stage. The second is the excitative stage, which lasts three to four days. This stage is often known as "furious rabies" for the tendency of the affected animal to be hyper-reactive to external stimuli and bite or attack anything near. In some cases, animals skip the excitative stage and develop paralysis, as in the third phase; the paralytic phase. This stage develops due to damage to motor neurons. Incoordination is seen, owing to rear limb paralysis, and drooling and difficulty swallowing is caused by paralysis of facial and throat muscles. Death is usually caused by respiratory arrest.

 See also 
Eradication of infectious diseases
Madstone (folklore)
Rabies in Haiti

 References 

 Further reading 
Pankhurst, Richard. "The history and traditional treatment of rabies in Ethiopia." Medical History 14, no. 4 (1970): 378–389.

 External links 

Rabies at Curlie
"Rabies". Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Retrieved 12 August 2012.
"Rhabdoviridae". Virus Pathogen Database and Analysis Resource (ViPR).
"OIE's Rabies Portal". Archived from the original on 13 August 2020.
Karuturi S (20 June 2009). "Videos of Aerophobia and Hydrophobia in a suspected Rabies case". Doctors Hangout. Archived from the original on 2 April 2016.
"Rabies virus". NCBI Taxonomy Browser. 11292.

Pati Regency
Pati Regency (Javanese: Pathi, ꦥꦛꦶ) is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the northeastern region of Central Java Province, on the island of Java in Indonesia. The regency covers an area of 1,503.68 km2, on the coast of the Java Sea. It had a population of 1,193,202 at the 2010 Census and 1,324,188 at the 2020 Census, comprising 660,484 males and 663,704 females; the official estimate as of mid-2022 was 1,361,068 (comprising 676,192 males and 684,876 females). The administrative capital of Pati Regency is the town of Pati.

 Administrative districts 
The Regency comprises twenty-one districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census, together with the official estimates as of mid-2022. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages in each district (totaling 401 rural desa and 5 urban kelurahan - the latter all in Pati town district), and its postcode.

Note: (a) comprises 5 urban kelurahan (Pati Wetan, Pati Kidul, Pati Lor, Parenggan and Kalidoro) and 24 rural desa.

 Tourism 

 Natural tourism 
Pati has a natural tourist attractions, namely:

Arga Enchantment, in Beketel Kayen Village
Lake Terpus Beketel, in Beketel Kayen Village
Grenjengan Sewu Waterfall, in Jrahi Village
Rainfowl Waterfall, in Sukolilo Village
Grenjengan Seno Waterfall, in Payak, Cluwak, Pati
Wareh Cave, in Kedumulyo Kayen Village
Pancur Cave, in Jimbaran Kayen Village
Lotus Swamp in Pengging Wangi, Kasiyan
Klating Waterfall, in the village of Mojoagung / dukuh Klating
Bukit Pandang Ki Santa Mulya, in Durensawit Kayen Village
Seloromo Reservoir, in Gembong Village
Plorodan Semar Waterfall, in Sumbersari, Kayen

 Historical tour 
Pati has historical sights, namely:

Mosque Agung Pati, in the village of Puri
Majapahit Gate, in Muktiharjo / Rendole Village
Petilasan Syech Jangkung, in the village of kayen
Genuk Kemiri (Raden Kembang Joyo Relics), in Hamlet Kemiri, Kalidoro Village

 Family tour 
Pati has tourist attractions for families, namely:
Family tour:

Juwana Water Fantasy, in Bumimulyo Village
Juwana Byar-Byur Water Park, in Winong Village
Sendang Tirta Marta Sani, in Tamansari Village
TPA Pati Zoo, in Banyuurip Village

 Religious tourism 
Pati has pilgrimage places, namely:

Tomb of Nyai Ageng Ngerang, in Tambakromo Village
Tomb of Sheikh Jangkung (Saridin), Landoh Village
Tomb of Mbah Tabek Merto, in Prawoto Village
Tomb of Sheikh Ahmad Mutamakkin, in Kajen Village
Tomb of KH. Abdullah Salam (Mbah Dullah), in Kajen Village
Tomb of KH. Sahal Mahfudz, in Kajen Village
Tomb of KH. Suyuthi Abdul Qadir, in Guyangan Village, Trangkil
Tomb of Sunan Ngerang (Guru Sunan Muria), in Hamlet Ngerang, Trimulyo Village
the tomb of Sunan Makhdum (Sayyid Abdurrahman Al-Makhdum) The leader of Walisongo I, in Parenggan Village, Pati Kota
Tomb of Syeh Ronggo Kusumo, in Ngemplak Kidul Village, Margoyoso
Tomb of Sunan Prawoto (King of the Fourth Demak Kingdom), in Prawoto Village
Tomb of Bandung Bondowoso Ratu Pengging,
Tomb of King Prabu Dhling, in Hamlet Mlawat Baleadi
Tomb of Mahapatih Batik Madrim, in Kedung Winong Village

 Shopping tour 
Pati has a special tourist attractions shopping, namely:

Ada Swalayan
Luwes Mall
Galaxy Swalayan
Plasa pati
Salsa Pati
Borobudur Plaza pati
Plaza Puri
Surya baru Swalayan
Pati Trade center
Pasar Pargola (Pasar Pragolo) Mall and Resto, di Margorejo
Plaza juwana
Laris Toserba
Pati Town Square
Lippo Plaza Juwana
Juwana Mega Plaza
Kajar Trade Center
Pasar Seleko Pati
Pengging Wangi Trade Center
Pengging Wangi Square

 Potency 
In addition to the famous Bandeng Presto/Bandung Juwana, Pati is one of the two largest mangosteen producing districts in Central Java besides Cilacap.

Cashew Industrial Center, in Margorejo village.
Mangosteen Center, in Jepalo and Gunungsari Villages
Brass Craft, in Juwana Village
Cow milk business, in Sukoharjo Village
Salt Industry, in District Batangan
Trangkil Sugar Factory, in Trangkil Village
New Pakis Sugar Factory, in Pakis village
Cassava kripik with various flavours, in Banyuurip village
Kapuk randu Industry, in Karaban Village, Gabus District.
The center of rice and green beans, in Jambean Kidul Village, Margorejo Pati.
Coffee Plantation, in Jrahi Village, Gunungwungkal and Sitiluhur
Tapioca Flour Industry, in Ngemplak Village, Margoyoso
Batik Bakaran Industrial Fabrics, in Bakaran Village, Juwana
Brick Industry, in Trangkil Village
Shrimp paste Industry, in Juwana Village, Margoyoso and Tayu

 Achieved Achievement Pati 
Regency of starch is not only famous as mina tani earth city, on the other hand Pati also has many achievements that have been achieved because of performance and effort from government, also Pati own community which have work ethic and ability that rarely known by people around. Achievements achieved by Pati include:

Langse village, Margorejo sub-district, was chosen to represent Pati Regency to become Energy Self-Reliance Village of Central Java Province. Reactor "Submarine" thus the name of the installation of waste processing equipment rabbit, goat and others - the bio-gas and fertilizer plants produced by local residents.
Starch Entrance 13 districts in Indonesia that have 100% Apply Siskudes. Pati District three times consecutively get Unqualified Opinion (WTP) from the Audit Agency (BPK) Representative of Central Java Province.
Student of Melati Alfatannafiah from Muhammadiyah Elementary School Representing Indonesia to International Mathematics Competition appointed by Director General of Primary and Secondary Education of Kemendikbud RI to represent Indonesia in Bulgarian International Mathematics Competition (BIMC) competition in Burgas, Bulgaria.

 Education 

 SMA / SMK 
SMA / SMK in Pati Regency is as follows:

MA Abadiyah, in Gabus District
MA Al-Hikmah, in Margoyoso District
MA Al-Ikhlas, in Tlogowungu District
MA As-Salamah, in Pati District
MA Bustanul Ulum, in Wedarijaksa District
MA Darul Falah, in Cluwak District
MA Darul Ulum, in Jaken District
MA Darul Ulum, in Tlogowungu District
MA I'anatut Tholibin, in Margoyoso District
MA Ihya'ul Ulum, in Wedarijaksa District
MA Khoiriyah, in Margoyoso District
MA Khoiriyah, in Gembong District
MA Khoiriyatul Ulum, in Trangkil District
Ma Madarijul Huda, in Dukuhseti District
MA Manabi'ul Falah, in Margoyoso District
MA Manahijul Hyda, in Dukuhseti
MA Manba'ul Ulum, in Pati District
MA Matholi’ul Falah, in Margoyoso District
Matholi’ul Falah, in Juwana District
Matholi’ul Huda, in Pucakwangi District
Matholi’ul Huda, in Trangkil District
MA Miftahul Falah, in Talun Kayen
MA Miftahul Huda, in Tayu District
MA Miftahul Ulum, in Tambakromo
MA Miftahul Ulum, in Trimulyo Kayen
MA Miftahut Thulab, in Sukolilo District
MA Misbahul Ulum, in Pasucen Trangkil
MA Mujahidin, in Gembong
MA Muwahidin, in Gembong
MA Negeri 1 Pati, in Margorejo
MA Negeri 2 Pati, in Kecamatan Tayu
MA NU Bageng, in Gembong
MA Nurul Hikmah Banyuurip, in Banyu urip Village
MA Nurul Quran, in Pucakwangi District
MA PGIP Hadiwijaya, in Margoyoso
MA PPKP Darul Ma’la, in Winong District
MA Raudlotusy Syubban, in Winong District
MA Raudlotut Tholibin, in Tayu District
MA Salafiyah, in Tlogowungu
MA Salafiyah, in Margoyoso
MA Silahul Ulum, in Trangkil
MA Sirojul Anam, in Tayu District
Sirojul Huda, in Kayen District
MA Sultan Agungm in Sukolilo District
MA Sunan Muria, in Cluwak
MA Sunan Prawoto, in Sukolilo District
MA Tarbiyatul Banin, in Winong District
MA Tarbiyatul Banin Banat, di Dukuhseti
MA Tarbiyatul Islamiyah, in Pucakwangi District
MA Thoriqotul Ulum, in Wedarijaksa
MA Walisongo, in Kayen District
SMA Bokpri 1,in Pati
SMA Bokpri 3,in Dukuhseti
SMA Cadangan, in Pati
SMA Dharma Putra, in Pati
SMA Islam Raudlotul Falah, in Gembong
SMA Islam Tuan Sokolangu, di Gabus
SMA IT Yaumi Fatimah, in Pati
SMA Joyo Kusumo, in Pasuruhan Kayen Village
SMA Kesuma, in Margoyoso
SMA Muhammadiyah 01,in Kecamatan Pati
SMA Muhammadiyah 02,in Sukolilo District
SMA Muhammadiyah 03,in Sukolilo District
SMA Muria, in Margorejo
SMA Nasional, in Pati District
SMA PGRI 1, in Pati
SMA PGRI 2, in Kayen
SMA PGRI 3, in Tayu
SMA Rifaiyah, in Kayen District
SMA Taman Madya, in Juwana District
SMA Wahid Hasyim, in Pati
SMA Yos Soedarso, in Pati
SMAN 1 Batangan, in Batangan
SMAN 1 Jakenan, in Jakenan District
SMA 1 Juwana, in Juwana District
SMAN 1 Kayen, in Kayen
SMAN 1 Pati, in Pati
SMAN 1 Tayu, in Tayu
SMAN 2 Pati, in Pati District
SMAN 3 Pati, in Pati
SMK Al Falah, in Winong District
SMK An Najah, in Kayen District
SMK Assalamah, in Pati
SMK Bahtera, in Pati
SMK Bani Muslim, in Pati
SMK Bina Tunas Bangsa, in Juwana District
SMK Cordova, in Kajen Village
SMK Farming, in Tlogowungu
SMK Gajah Mada 01,in Margoyoso District
SMK Gajah Mada 02, in Pati
SMK Kesuma, in Margoyoso
SMK Mambaul Huda, in Dukuh Seti
SMK Muhammadiyah 01, in Pati
SMK Muhammadiyah 02, in Tayu
SMK Nahdlotul Ulama, in Gembong
SMK Nasional, in Pati
SMK Pelayaran, in Tayu
SMK Permata Nusantara, Jl. Raya Gabus Pati, KM 0,5 Gabus
SMK Salafiyah Margoyoso, in Desa Kajen
SMK Taruna Bangsa, in Gabus
SMK Telkom Terpadu AKN Marzuqi, in Pati District
SMK Tunas Harapan, in Pati
SMKN  1 Pati, in Pati
SMKN 2 Pati, in Pati
SMKN 3 Pati, in Pati
SMK Sultan Agung, in Sukolilo

 College / University 
Universities / Colleges in Pati Regency are among others as follows :

Sekolah Tinggi Agama Islam Pati (STAIP) Address: Jl Kampus Raya No. 5 Margorejo Pati Jateng
College of Informatics and Computer Management (STIMIK) AKI Pati, Address: Jl Kamandowo Number 13 Pati
Christian Religion College (STAKWW) Pati, Address: Jl P Diponegoro Number 33 Pati
Mathali'ul Falah Islamic College (STAIMAFA) Pati, Address: Jalan Raya Pati-Tayu Km 20 Kelurahan Purworejo District Margoyoso Pati
Midwifery Academy (Akbid) Bakti Utama Pati, Address: Jalan Ki Ageng Selo Number 15, Blaru, Pati, Central Java
Midwifery Academy (Akbid) Duta Dharma Pati, Address: Jalan Panglima Sudirman Number 1B Pati, Central Java
Akademi Keperawatan (Akper) Pragola Pati, Address: Jalan Banyu Urip Raya Number 26A, Margorejo, Pati
Agricultural Academy Pragola Pati, Address: Jalan Rendole Number 1 Pati
Open University (UT) Pati, Address: Jalan Raya Semarang-Kendal Km 14,5 Mangkang Wetan, Semarang

 Radio and TV Broadcasting Institutions 

 Radio 
list of Radio in Pati is as follows:

Radio Suara Pati FM Jl. P. Tombronegoro No.1 Pati
Pt. Radio BOSWIN/ Radio Boswin FM Jl. Pati-Gabus No.1 Pati
PT. Radio HARBOS / Radio Harbos FM Jl. Raya Pati-Gabus No. 1A
PT. Radio Pati Adi Suara/ Radio PAS FM Jl. P. Sudirman Km 3 Pati
PT.RADIO SESANTI MANDIRI/ Radio POP FM Jl Banyuurip Km 3 Margorejo, Pati
PT. RADIO PRAGOLA/ Radio BEST FM Jl Banyuurip Km 3 Margorejo, Pati
PT.RADIO PESANTENAN/ Radio PST FM Jl. Syeh Jangkung No.164 Pati
Radio Swara Juana Sakti FM Jl. Sunan Ngerang No. 2A Juwana
Radio Foster FM Jl. RA Kartini No.03
Radio  ISMA  FM KH. Mansyur Ds. Kauman Rt 01/02 Pati
Radio Komunitas Kristen Elshaday Radio Komunitas Kristen Elshaday
PT. Radio Cendekia Winong/ Radio Cendekia FM Jl. Raya Jakenan- Winong Km. 05 Pati
PT. Radio Ndholo Kusumo/ Radio Ndholo Kusumo FM Ds. Margoyoso RT.02 Rw. II Kec.

 TV 
List of TVs in Pati include the following:

Kartika TV Jl. Dr Wahidin Ruko Salza No. 15-16 Pati
TV Simpanglima address Perum Gunung Bedah Jl. P Sudirman Km.5 Pati
PT. Merdeka Sarana Media / SM TV address Jl. Raya Pati-Kudus Km. 4  Pati
Kudus Televisi Indonesia address GriAlamat Griya Kencana 2 jl. Gaharu raya no. 48 kel. Sidokerto Pati
ANTV Pati  address Pati
Viva Sport    Indonesia 1 address Pati
TV One Pati address Jl. Dr. Susanto 98 Parenggan Pati
Lingkar TV address Jl. Dr Wahidin No. 2 Pati Lor Kec. Kota Pati Kab. Pati

 Health 

 Hospital 
RS Kristen Tayu
RSUD RAA Soewondo
RS Keluarga Sehat Hospital (KSH)
RS Mitra Bangsa
RS Fastabiq
RSB Harapan
RSB Asifa
RS Paru-paru
RS Islam Pati
RS Assuyuthiyyah Guyangan
RSU Kayen
RS Internasional Pengging Wangi (Tahap perencanaan)

 Clinic 
Klinik Sejahtera
BKIA Bhayangkari
Klinik Keluarga Sehat

 Puskesmas 
SUKOLILO I 	  jl. Raya. Sukolilo, Kec.Sukolilo
SUKOLILO II	  Sunan Prawoto, Kec.Sukolilo
KAYEN		  Pati Purwadadi, Kec.Kayen
TAMBAKROMO	  Jl. Raya Gabus Kayen, Kec.Tambakromo
WINONG I	  Jl. Raya Winong, Kec.Winong
WINONG II	  Danyang Mulyo, Kec.Winong
PUNCAKWANGI I	  Ds. Puntadewa, Kec. Puncakwangi
PUNCAKWANGI II  Ds. Tegalwero, Kec.Pucakwangi
JAKEN		  Jaken Jakenan, Kec.Jaken
BATANGAN	  Juana Rembang, Kec.Batangan
JUWANA	  Kihajar Dewantara, Kec.Juwana
JAKENAN	  Ds. Dukuhmulyo, Kec. Jakenan
PATI I	  Jl. Supriyadi No. 51, Kec. Pati
PATI II	  Jl. Raya Pati Tayu, Kec. Pati
GABUS I	  Ds. Gabus Tlogo Ayu, Kec.Gabus
GABUS II	  Pati Kayen, Kec.Gabus
MARGOREJO	  Jl. Raya Pati Kudus, Kec. Margorejo
GEMBONG	  Jl. Raya Gembong, Kec.Gembong
TLOGOWUNGU	  Jl. Raya Patitlogowungu 61, Kec.Tlogowungu
WEDARIJAKSA I	  Ds. Wedarijaksa, Kec. Wedarijaksa
WEDARIJAKSA II  Ds. Sidoarjo, Kec.Wedarijaksa
TRANGKIL	  Ds. Trangkil, Kec. Trangkil
MARGOYOSO I	  Jl. Kyai Cebolang No. 16, Kec.Margoyoso
MARGOYOSO II	  Jl. Raya Pati Tayu, Kec.Margoyoso
GUNUNG WUNGKAL  Tayu Gunung Wungkal, Kec. Gunungwungkal
CLUWAK	  Ds. Plaosan, Kec. Cluwak
TAYU I	  Jl. Sudirman 17, Kec.Tayu
TAYU II	  Ds. Pundenrejo, Kec.Tayu
DUKUHSETI	  Ds. Alas Dowo, Kec.Dukuhseti

 References 
2. Kabupaten Pati Dalam Angka 2017

Elysium
Elysium (, ), otherwise known as the Elysian Fields (Ancient Greek: Ἠλύσιον πεδίον, Ēlýsion pedíon) or Elysian Plains, is a conception of the afterlife that developed over time and was maintained by some Greek religious and philosophical sects and cults. It was initially separated from the Greek underworld – the realm of Hades. Only mortals related to the gods and other heroes could be admitted past the river Styx. Later, the conception of who could enter was expanded to include those chosen by the gods, the righteous, and the heroic. They would remain at the Elysian Fields after death, to live a blessed and happy afterlife, and indulge in whatever enjoyment they had enjoyed in life.The Elysian Fields were, according to Homer, located on the western edge of the Earth by the stream of Okeanos. In the time of the Greek poet Hesiod, Elysium would also be known as the "Fortunate Isles", or the "Isles (or Islands) of the Blessed", located in the western ocean at the end of the earth. The Isles of the Blessed would be reduced to a single island by the Theban poet Pindar, describing it as having shady parks, with residents indulging in athletic and musical pastimes.The ruler of Elysium varies from author to author: Pindar and Hesiod name Cronus as the ruler, while the poet Homer in the Odyssey describes fair-haired Rhadamanthus dwelling there. "The Isle of the Blessed" is also featured in the 2nd-century comedic novel A True Story by Lucian of Samosata.

 Classical literature 
In Homer's Odyssey, Elysium is described as a paradise:

to the Elysian plain...where life is easiest for men. No snow is there, nor heavy storm, nor ever rain, but ever does Ocean send up blasts of the shrill-blowing West Wind that they may give cooling to men.
Etymology:
According to Eustathius of Thessalonica the word Elysium (Ἠλύσιον) derives from ἀλυουσας (ἀλύω, to be deeply stirred from joy) or from ἀλύτως, synonymous of ἀφθάρτως (ἄφθαρτος, incorruptible), referring to souls' life in this place. Another suggestion is from ελυθ-, ἔρχομαι (to come).The Greek poet Hesiod refers to the "Isles of the Blest" in his didactic poem Works and Days. In his book Greek Religion, Walter Burkert notes the connection with the motif of far-off Dilmun: "Thus Achilles is transported to the White Isle and becomes the Ruler of the Black Sea, and Diomedes becomes the divine lord of an Adriatic island".
And they live untouched by sorrow in the islands of the blessed along the shore of deep-swirling Ocean, happy heroes for whom the grain-giving earth bears honey-sweet fruit flourishing thrice a year, far from the deathless gods, and Cronos rules over them
Writing in the 5th century BCE, Pindar's Odes describes the reward waiting for those living a righteous life:

The good receive a life free from toil, not scraping with the strength of their arms the earth, nor the water of the sea, for the sake of a poor sustenance. But in the presence of the honored gods, those who gladly kept their oaths enjoy a life without tears, while the others undergo a toil that is unbearable to look at. Those who have persevered three times, on either side, to keep their souls free from all wrongdoing, follow Zeus' road to the end, to the tower of Cronus, where ocean breezes blow around the island of the blessed, and flowers of gold are blazing, some from splendid trees on land, while water nurtures others. With these wreaths and garlands of flowers they entwine their hands according to the righteous counsels of Rhadamanthys, whom the great father, the husband of Rhea whose throne is above all others, keeps close beside him as his partner
In Virgil's Aeneid, Aeneas, like Heracles and Odysseus before him, travels to the underworld. Virgil describes those who will travel to Elysium, and those who will travel to Tartarus:

Night speeds by, And we, Aeneas, lose it in lamenting. Here comes the place where cleaves our way in twain. Thy road, the right, toward Pluto's dwelling goes, And leads us to Elysium. But the left Speeds sinful souls to doom, and is their path To Tartarus th' accurst.
Virgil goes on to describe an encounter in Elysium between Aeneas and his father Anchises. Virgil's Elysium knows perpetual spring and shady groves, with its own sun and lit by its own stars: solemque suum, sua sidera norunt.

In no fix'd place the happy souls reside. In groves we live, and lie on mossy beds, By crystal streams, that murmur thro' the meads: But pass yon easy hill, and thence descend; The path conducts you to your journey's end.” This said, he led them up the mountain's brow, And shews them all the shining fields below. They wind the hill, and thro' the blissful meadows go. 
In the Greek historian Plutarch's Life of Sertorius, Elysium is described as:

These are two in number, separated by a very narrow strait; they are ten thousand furlongs distant from Africa, and are called the Islands of the Blest. They enjoy moderate rains at long intervals, and winds which for the most part are soft and precipitate dews, so that the islands not only have a rich soil which is excellent for plowing and planting, but also produce a natural fruit that is plentiful and wholesome enough to feed, without toil or trouble, a leisured folk. Moreover, an air that is salubrious, owing to the climate and the moderate changes in the seasons, prevails on the islands. For the north and east winds which blow out from our part of the world plunge into fathomless space, and, owing to the distance, dissipate themselves and lose their power before they reach the islands; while the south and west winds that envelope the islands sometimes bring in their train soft and intermittent showers, but for the most part cool them with moist breezes and gently nourish the soil. Therefore a firm belief has made its way, even to the Barbarians, that here is the Elysian Field and the abode of the blessed, of which Homer sang. 
Diodorus, in his first book, suggested that the Elysian fields which were much celebrated in ancient Greek poetry, corresponded to the beautiful plains in the neighborhood of Memphis which contained the tombs of that capital city of Egypt. He further intimated that the Greek prophet Orpheus composed his fables about the afterlife when he traveled to Egypt and saw the customs of the Egyptians regarding the rites of the dead.

 Post-classical literature 
Elysium as a pagan expression for paradise would eventually pass into usage by early Christian writers.
In Dante's epic The Divine Comedy, Elysium is mentioned as the abode of the blessed in the lower world; mentioned in connection with the meeting of Aeneas with the shade of Anchises in the Elysian Fields.
With such affection did Anchises' shade reach out, if our greatest muse is owed belief, when in Elysium he knew his son.
In the Renaissance, the heroic population of the Elysian Fields tended to outshine its formerly dreary pagan reputation; the Elysian Fields borrowed some of the bright allure of paradise. In Paris, the Champs-Élysées retain their name of the Elysian Fields, first applied in the late 16th century to a formerly rural outlier beyond the formal parterre gardens behind the royal French palace of the Tuileries.
After the Renaissance, an even cheerier Elysium evolved for some poets. Sometimes it is imagined as a place where heroes have continued their interests from their lives. Others suppose it is a location filled with feasting, sport, song; Joy is the "daughter of Elysium" in Friedrich Schiller's "Ode to Joy". The poet Heinrich Heine explicitly parodied Schiller's sentiment in referring to the Jewish Sabbath food cholent as the "daughter of Elysium" in his poem "Princess Shabbat".Christian and classical attitudes to the afterlife are contrasted by Christopher Marlowe's Doctor Faustus saying, "This word 'damnation' terrifies not me, For I confound hell in elysium."In Shakespeare's Twelfth Night when Viola says "My brother he is in Elysium", she and Elizabethan audiences understood this as Paradise. In Mozart's The Magic Flute Papageno compares being in Elysium to winning his ideal woman: "Des Lebens als Weiser mich freun, Und wie im Elysium sein."  ("Enjoy life as a wiseman, And feel like I'm in Elysium.")
Miguel de Cervantes' Don Quixote describes Dulcinea del Toboso as "beauty superhuman, since all the impossible and fanciful attributes of beauty which the poets apply to their ladies are verified in her; for her hairs are gold, her forehead Elysian fields".
In John Ford's 1633 tragedy 'Tis Pity She's a Whore Giovanni seals his requited love for his sister Annabella, stating "And I'de not change it for the best to come: A life of pleasure in Elyzium".

 Modern influence 
The term and concept of Elysium has had influence in modern popular culture; references to Elysium can be found in literature, art, film, and music. Examples include the New Orleans neighborhood of Elysian Fields in Tennessee Williams' A Streetcar Named Desire as the déclassé purgatory where Blanche Dubois lives with Stanley and Stella Kowalski. New Orleans' Elysian Fields also provides the second-act setting of Elmer Rice's The Adding Machine and the musical adaptation. In his poem "Middlesex", John Betjeman describes how a few hedges "Keep alive our lost Elysium – rural Middlesex again". In his poem An Old Haunt, Hugh McFadden sets an Elysian scene in Dublin's St. Stephen's Green park "Very slowly solitude slips round me in St. Stephen's Green. I rest: see pale salmon clouds blossom. I'm back in the fields of Elysium". In Spring and All, William Carlos Williams describes a dying woman's "elysian slobber/upon/the folded handkerchief".
The Champs-Élysées in Paris is French for "Elysian Fields". The nearby Élysée Palace houses the President of the French Republic, for which reason "l'Élysée" frequently appears as a metonym for the French presidency, similar to how "the White House" can metonymically refer to the American presidency. Elysium and Elysian are also used for numerous other names all over the world - examples include Elysian Fields, Hoboken, New Jersey; Elysian Park, Los Angeles; Elysian Valley, Los Angeles, California; Elysian, Minnesota; Elysian Fields, Texas; and the Elysian Clinic in São Paulo, Brazil.
In Siegfried Sassoon's Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man, Sassoon writes "The air was Elysian with early summer". Its use in this context could be prolepsis, as the British countryside he is describing would become the burial ground of his dead comrades and heroes from World War I.
Elysium is referenced in the Schiller poem which inspired Beethoven's "Ode to Joy" (9th symphony, 4th movement) - notably in the excerpt used as the European Anthem. Elysium is also referenced in Mozart's opera Die Zauberflöte (The Magic Flute). It is in Act II when Papageno is feeling very melancholy because he does not have a sweetheart or wife and he is drunk singing the song "Ein Mädchen oder Weibchen" (A Girl or a Wife).
The 2012 opera "Dolls of New Albion", written by Paul Shapera, and its sequels, reference Elysium as an afterlife somewhat accessible to the living, though the living in Elysium are hunted by horrid creatures who guard Elysium.

 Books 
In David Gemmell's Parmennion series (Lion of Macedon and Dark Prince) and his Troy trilogy, his characters refer to Elysium as the "Hall of Heroes". 
In Masami Kurumada's mythologically themed Saint Seiya comic books, the Elysium is the setting of the final chapters of the Hades arc. In it, the Saints, the warriors of Athena's army, traverse the Underworld to defeat its ruler, the ruthless Hades and rescue their kidnapped goddess. The Saints discover that the only way to kill Hades is to destroy his true body, which has rested in Elysium since the ages of myth. The Saints then invade Elysium, which Kurumada depicts as described in Greek mythology, and carry on their mission after a difficult battle with the deity.
In the novel, This Ruler, the story takes place at Elysium Hills High School. It is a reference to the mythology that surrounds American education and in particular high school. It also alludes to the teenagers, in the book, being Greek heroes.

 Film and television 
For example, Elysium is briefly mentioned in Ridley Scott's film Gladiator, wherein the general Maximus addresses his troops thus: "If you find yourself alone, riding in the green fields with the sun on your face, do not be troubled. For you are in Elysium, and you're already dead!" In Hercules: The Legendary Journeys and its spin-off Xena: Warrior Princess, the actual Elysian Fields appears several times as a happy afterlife, with the families of the title characters dwelling there; Heaven appears as a separate location in the same universe. The name Elysium was used in a Star Trek novel, Before Dishonor, as the name of the fourth moon of Pluto.
The 2013 dystopian film Elysium, starring Matt Damon used the name Elysium to describe the orbital space station of luxury that the rich live on in contrast to the ravaged Earth that the poor live on.In Season 5 Episode 8 of House of Cards, a secret society for powerful men is named “Elysian Fields”.

 Video games 
Elysium is the name of the setting from the 1997 video game Mega Man Legends and its sequel where its a gigantic space colony that homes the last vestiges of humanity and most of the events of the story either occur or revolve around.
In the 2017 video game Xenoblade Chronicles 2, Elysium is presented as the location in the land of Alrest, shown as a paradise with lush green fields overlooking a small town. In the final chapter of the game, Elysium is revealed to be the name of a space habitat. The characters later discover Earth and name it Elysium.
Elysium appears in the Fate of Atlantis DLC of the 2018 video game, Assassin's Creed Odyssey. In the first part of this DLC, The Fields of Elysium, the misthios travels to Elysium which is ruled by members of the precursor civilisation known as the Isu which were then worshipped as the gods of the Greek pantheon.In the 2019 video game Disco Elysium, Elysium is the name of the world featured in the game.
In the 2020 video game Hades, Elysium is the third of four levels (known as biomes) that the protagonist, Zagreus, must traverse in his attempts to escape the Underworld. In the game, Elysium is an ethereal realm where Zagreus defeats the spirits of dead warriors, who endlessly fight one another for glory. The exit to Elysium is guarded by a team composed of Theseus, King of Athens, and the Minotaur, known in the game as "Asterius, Bull of Minos," who together serve as the biome's final boss.
The Shadowlands expansion of World of Warcraft in 2020 has a zone called Bastion, which is themed around Elysium and afterlife.
In 2021, the video game Honkai Impact 3rd added a roguelike gameplay mode called Elysian Realm. The player follows the character of Raiden Mei as she visits the Realm, known as the underworld where the memories of the last thirteen Flame-Chasers of the Previous Era rest.

 Music 
Elysian fields are mentioned in "West of the Fields", a song on R.E.M.'s debut album Murmur (1983).British gothic rock band Fields of the Nephilim named their 1990 album Elizium.
The soundtrack of the 2000 film Gladiator features the song "Elysium" by Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard. 
"Elysium (I Go Crazy)" is a 2006 song by the British electronic dance music group Ultrabeat and Glasgow-born Scottish DJ and music producer Scott Alexander Brown.
Elysium was the name of a melodic death metal band from Wrocław, Poland.
Released in 2012, Elysium is the title of the eleventh studio album by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys.
In 2014 American death metal band Incantation released their ninth studio album Dirges of Elysium.
The 2023 album Heavener by American metalcore band Invent Animate features a song titled "Elysium".

 Honours 
Elysian Beach in Antarctica and Elysium Mons on Mars are named after the Elysian Fields, as is the aforementioned avenue des Champs-Élysées.

 See also 

Aaru
Asphodel Meadows
Tartarus
Elysium (Dungeons & Dragons)
Fólkvangr
Gimlé
Heaven
Locus amoenus
The Golden Bough (mythology)
Utopia
Valinor

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Elysium at Wikimedia Commons
"Elysium" . Encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. VIII (9th ed.). 1878. p. 156.

Erasmus James
Erasmus James (born November 4, 1982) is a former American football defensive end.  He played college football at University of Wisconsin, and earned consensus All-American honors.  He was selected by the Minnesota Vikings 18th overall in the 2005 NFL Draft, and played professionally for the Vikings and the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL).

 Early years 
James was born in Basseterre, Saint Kitts and Nevis.  He attended McArthur High School in Hollywood, Florida, and was a standout for the McArthur Mustangs high school football and basketball teams.  Despite not playing football until his senior year, he posted 14 quarterback sacks, and 53 tackles (23 for losses) in his only season.

 College career 
James attended the University of Wisconsin in Madison, and played for the Wisconsin Badgers football team from 2001 to 2004.  He played on the defensive line alongside teammate Anttaj Hawthorne and Jonathan Clinkscale.  He finished his career with 124 tackles (25.5 for losses), 18 sacks, 28 quarterback hurries, seven forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries, and six pass deflections.  James was nicknamed "the Eraser" for his ability to sack opposing quarterbacks.  He was a first-team All-Big Ten selection and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American following his senior season in 2004.

 Professional career 
325-pound bench press. 600-pound squat.

 Minnesota Vikings 
James was selected by the Minnesota Vikings in the first round with the 18th overall pick in the 2005 NFL Draft. During his rookie year, he compiled 28 total tackles and four sacks.  James missed most of the 2006 and 2007 seasons with injuries.  The Vikings made their intentions clear to waive James on May 23, 2008, but later rescinded the waiver after the Washington Redskins offered a conditional 2009 seventh-round draft choice.  He finished his injury-plagued career with the Vikings with 37 tackles and 5 sacks.

 Washington Redskins 
On May 27, 2008, the Vikings agreed to trade James to the Washington Redskins for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2009 NFL Draft. He appeared in five games for the Redskins in 2008 but did not record any statistics and was eventually waived on December 9, 2008.

 NFL statistics 

 Personal life 
James currently resides in Albuquerque, New Mexico.

 References 

 External links 
Minnesota Vikings bio
Washington Redskins bio

KFRE-TV
KFRE-TV (channel 59) is a television station licensed to Sanger, California, United States, serving the Fresno area as an affiliate of The CW. It is owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group alongside Visalia-licensed Fox affiliate KMPH-TV (channel 26). The two stations share studios on McKinley Avenue in eastern Fresno; KFRE-TV's transmitter is located on Bear Mountain (near Meadow Lakes).

 History 

 Early years 
The station first signed on the air on July 17, 1985, as KMSG-TV; it originally operated as a religious independent mostly with shows like The PTL Club, The 700 Club, Richard Roberts, Jimmy Swaggart, and others as well as Home Shopping Network programming during the overnight hours. This station signed on just as KAIL (then on channel 53, now on channel 7) was evolving from religious to more of a general entertainment format. By 1987, the station evolved into a Spanish-language format during the afternoon and evening hours, and English-language religious programs for about eight hours a day each morning. The station's Spanish programming was sourced from NetSpan, the second Spanish-language television network to launch in the United States (after the Spanish International Network, now Univision); NetSpan was relaunched as Telemundo in 1987. By 1989, the station gradually dropped its inventory of English-language religious programs, and exclusively affiliated with Telemundo.

 WB affiliation 
In 2000, KNSO (channel 51, then an affiliate of The WB) signed a deal to become the Fresno market's new Telemundo affiliate; as a result, Pappas Telecasting terminated a local marketing agreement (LMA) between KNSO and Fox affiliate KMPH (channel 26). On January 1, 2001, the LMA with KMPH was transferred to KMSG, which also resulted in the WB affiliation moving to the station from KNSO (becoming the network's third affiliate in the market; The WB's original Fresno affiliate was Clovis-based KGMC (channel 43), which was with the network from its launch in 1995 until 1997); channel 59 also changed its call letters to KFRE-TV (the KFRE calls were originally used in the market on what is now ABC owned-and-operated station KFSN-TV (channel 30) from 1956 to 1971). With the affiliation switch, the station changed its on-air branding to "WB 59".
Pappas Telecasting purchased KFRE outright in 2002, creating the first television duopoly in the market with KMPH. In 2003, KFRE acquired the rights to Fox's FoxBox (later 4Kids TV) children's program block from KMPH, airing the block normally aired on Saturdays on a tape delay on Sunday mornings (this resulted in KFRE carrying children's blocks from two major networks, as it already carried The WB's Kids' WB block). The station continued to carry 4Kids TV until the block was discontinued by Fox in December 2008 due to a dispute with the block's lessee 4Kids Entertainment; KFRE-TV now airs Fox's Saturday morning infomercial block Weekend Marketplace, in 4Kids TV's former Sunday morning timeslot on the station.

 CW affiliation 
On January 24, 2006, the Warner Bros. unit of Time Warner and CBS Corporation announced that the two companies would shut down The WB and UPN and combine the networks' respective programming to create a new "fifth" network called The CW. KFRE became the market's CW affiliate when the network launched on September 18, 2006.

On May 10, 2008, thirteen Pappas stations, including KFRE, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. As a result of the bankruptcy, Pappas Telecasting Companies was given until February 15, 2009, to sell these stations to other owners. On January 16, 2009, Pappas announced that most of the stations, including KFRE, would be purchased by New World TV Group, after the sale received United States bankruptcy court approval; the stations would eventually come under the Titan TV Broadcast Group banner. Titan announced the sale of KFRE-TV, KMPH-TV and most of the company's other stations to the Sinclair Broadcast Group on June 3, 2013. The Federal Communications Commission approved the sale on September 19, and the sale was finalized on October 3.KFRE-TV has been digital-only since June 12, 2009.KFRE-TV began airing programming from the American Sports Network syndication package of sports on August 30, 2014, but does not carry its successor channel, Stadium; it is instead seen on KMPH's .5 subchannel.

 Programming 
KFRE formerly served as the local television broadcaster of Fresno State Bulldogs sporting events until 2008, when the rights moved to then-MyNetworkTV affiliate KAIL (channel 53, now a TCT O&O on channel 7). The station was also the local holder of television rights to San Francisco Giants baseball games until the 2007 season; in 2008, the Giants telecasts also moved to KAIL. In 2008, the station held the local rights to Oakland Athletics baseball telecasts, which were produced by regional sports network Comcast SportsNet Bay Area before moving exclusively to Comcast SportsNet California in 2009. Since 2014, KFRE has aired pre-season San Francisco 49ers football games.

 Newscasts 
On January 10, 2006, sister station KMPH-TV began producing a half-hour 11 p.m. newscast for KFRE-TV; the nightly program was anchored by Allison Ruddell on Monday through Friday nights and Derrol Nail on Saturdays and Sundays. The program was unable to compete with the longer established 11 p.m. newscasts on KFSN-TV, NBC affiliate KSEE (channel 24) and KGPE (channel 47), and was canceled on February 5, 2007, due to low ratings. Ruddell was reassigned to anchor KMPH's 11:30 a.m. newscast, before leaving the station in July 2007; Nail, meanwhile, left channel 26 in January 2008. The station currently airs a rebroadcast of KMPH's prime time newscast, the Ten O'Clock News, each weeknight at 1:30 a.m.

 Technical information 

 Subchannels 
The station's ATSC 1.0 channels are carried on the multiplexed signals of other Fresno television stations:

 ATSC 3.0 lighthouse 

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Yaw Darko Asare
Yaw Darko Asare is a Ghanaian jurist and an active justice of the Supreme Court of Ghana.

 Early life and education 
Asare was born on 22 August 1963, in Akropong-Akwapim. He received his Ordinary Level Certificate from Okuapeman Senior High School in 1980 and his Advanced Level Certificate from Aggrey Memorial A.M.E. Zion Senior High School in 1982. He then pursued a Bachelor of Arts in law from the University of Ghana, which he obtained in 1986. He furthered his studies at the Ghana School of Law, where he earned his Professional Certificate in Law in 1986 and was called to the bar in 1988.In 1995, Asare obtained a post-graduate degree in International Maritime Law from the International Maritime Law Institute in Malta. Additionally, in 1997, he completed a Certificate of Training in Legislative Drafting from Tulane University in the US, and in 1998, he received a Certificate of Training on Port Management, Operations, and Administration from Galilee College, Israel.

 Career 
From 1989 to 1990, Asare served as a Teaching and Research Assistant at the University of Ghana, Faculty of Law, during his National Service. He then continued his National Service at the Ghana Ports and Harbours Authority from 1990 to 1991 and held the position of Senior Legal Officer at the Authority from 1993 to 2002.Afterwards, he established the Beulah Chambers in 2002, where he served as the head until 2019. He then took up the position as a Justice on the Court of Appeal on 17 December 2019. He is also a Guest Lecturer at the University of Ghana, School of Law.Throughout his career, Asare has held various leadership positions, including being a member of committees tasked with training court registrars on appeal record preparation and monitoring in September 2023 and drafting practice directions on Adoption of Proceedings in Part Heard Trials in August 2023. He has also served as a resource person for the Judicial Training Institute for the 14th Maritime Law seminar for Judges of Superior Courts of Ghana. In September 2022, he acted as a trainer for the Centre for Maritime Law and Security (CEMLAWS) Africa, facilitating a seminar for the Judicial Service, Navy, and Ghana Bar Association. The seminar focused on topics such as Ship Arrest, Maritime Liens, Judicial Sale, and Determination of Priorities. Additionally, the Nominee held the position of vice president at the Tema branch of the Ghana Bar Association.Asare has actively engaged in various workshops and conferences. Notable events include a Judicial Service-sponsored Seminar on Public Land Protection and a virtual Seminar on International Trade Law in June 2021. The nominee also participated in a Judicial Service-sponsored virtual seminar addressing international commercial arbitration in July 2021.

 Supreme Court appointment 

 Nomination 
Based on the advice of the Judicial Council in consultation with the Council of State under Article 144(2) of the Constitution of Ghana in July 2023, the president of Ghana, Nana Akufo-Addo, nominated Asare together with two other judges (Anthony Henry Kwofie and Richard Adjei-Frimpong) for the Supreme Court of Ghana. These nominated judges were to replace former Chief Justice, Justice Kwasi Anin-Yeboah, Justice Nene Abayateye Ofoe Amegatcher, and Justice Jones Victor Mawulorm Dotse, who had all retired in 2023 after attaining the retirement age of 70 years. Through a letter dated 11 October ctober 2023, these nominations were announced in parliament by the deputy speaker of parliament. The nominees were then referred to the appointments committee for consideration in November 2023.

 Vetting and approval 
Asare was subsequently vetted on 20 December 2023 by the appointments committee of Parliament. During his vetting, he was questioned on various issues concerning the judiciary in Ghana. He believed that the perception of corruption in the judiciary was more prevalent than actual corruption. During his vetting process, he attributed this perception to a lack of understanding among the public about legal procedures. Asare cited a personal experience where a foreign client pursued a case in Ghana despite his advice against it, leading to a Supreme Court dismissal. He expressed concern that people often attribute unfavourable outcomes to corruption rather than legal complexities.Asare acknowledged the existence of individuals who attempt to influence judges by offering bribes, creating a perception of corruption. However, he defended the integrity of the judges he has encountered during his four years on the bench, stating that the majority are highly reputable. While acknowledging the possibility of a few corrupt individuals, he emphasised the judiciary's commitment to addressing such issues. He, together with the two other nominees, were unanimously approved by Parliament on 23 December 2023. Members of both the Minority and Majority sides expressed their unanimous consent. Speaker of Parliament Alban Bagbin commended the President for the nominations and praised the judges for their impressive qualifications and experience. Bagbin expressed confidence in their ability to serve Ghana with distinction and uphold the integrity of the Supreme Court.

 Swearing-in 
He was sworn into office by President Akufo-Addo on 3 January 2024. Akufo-Addo, in his congratulatory message, tasked him and his colleagues with the responsibility of upholding the country's 1992 constitution. He emphasised that they had successfully met the rigorous criteria outlined in Article 128, Clause 4 of the Constitution, demonstrating independence of spirit, high moral character, proven integrity, and impartiality of mind necessary for the position.

 Personal life 
Outside of his professional life, Asare enjoys watching football, listening to gospel music, reading, and engaging in physical workouts.

 References 

British Post Office scandal
The British Post Office scandal or Horizon scandal involved faulty accounting software, provided by Fujitsu and known as Horizon, creating false shortfalls in the accounts of thousands of subpostmasters, leading to what prime minister Rishi Sunak has described as "one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our nation's history". Between 1999 and 2015, over 900 subpostmasters were convicted of theft, fraud and false accounting based on faulty Horizon data, with about 700 of these prosecutions carried out by the Post Office. Other subpostmasters were prosecuted but not convicted, forced to cover Horizon shortfalls with their own money, or had their contracts terminated. The court cases, criminal convictions, imprisonments, loss of livelihoods and homes, debts and bankruptcies, took a heavy toll on the victims and their families, leading to stress, illness, divorce and, in at least four cases, suicide.
Although many subpostmasters had reported problems with the new software, the Post Office had insisted that Horizon was robust and failed to disclose its knowledge of faults in the system while securing convictions. 
In May 2009, Computer Weekly broke the story about problems with Horizon, and in September 2009 subpostmaster Alan Bates launched the Justice for Subpostmasters Alliance (JFSA). In 2012, following pressure from campaigners and a number of Members of Parliament, led by James Arbuthnot, the Post Office appointed forensic accountants from the firm Second Sight to conduct an investigation into Horizon. Second Sight concluded that Horizon contained faults that could result in accounting discrepancies, but the Post Office nevertheless insisted that there were no systemic problems with the software. 
In 2017, 555 subpostmasters led by Bates brought a group action in the High Court against the Post Office. After the judge ruled in 2019 that the subpostmasters' contracts with the Post Office were unfair and that Horizon contained bugs, errors and defects, the case was settled out of court for £58 million, which left the claimants with about £20,000 each after legal costs. The government later agreed to supplement their awards. The judge's rulings in the case paved the way for subpostmasters to challenge their convictions in the courts and led to the prime minister Boris Johnson's announcement in February 2020 that the government would establish an independent inquiry into the scandal. The Post Office Horizon IT Inquiry was set up later that year, and was converted into a statutory public inquiry in June 2021. 
Courts began to quash convictions from December 2020. By February 2024, 100 of the subpostmasters' convictions had been overturned in court. In January 2024 plans for a blanket exoneration were announced by the government. Those wrongfully convicted became eligible for compensation from the Post Office, as did more than 2,750 subpostmasters who had been affected by the scandal but had not received criminal convictions. By January 2024, the Post Office had paid out £153 million to claimants, with 64% of all those affected by the scandal having received full and final compensation.
A four-part television drama, Mr Bates vs the Post Office, was broadcast on ITV in January 2024, after which the scandal became a major news story and political issue. The same month, Sunak announced that the government would introduce legislation to exonerate wrongly convicted subpostmasters. As of January 2024, most of those wrongly convicted are still waiting to have their convictions overturned, the public inquiry is ongoing, and the Metropolitan Police is investigating individuals from the Post Office and its software provider, Fujitsu.

 Post Office 
Maine Articles:  Royal Mail, General Post Office and Post Office Ltd.
Post Office Ltd, along with the Royal Mail delivery service, were formerly part of the General Post Office, tracing its origins back to 1516.  It became a statutory corporation after the passage of the Post Office Act 1969,  A gradual business restructuring process had started in 1969 and was completed in 2012   During that time Post Office Ltd. became and has remained a single share government owned entity with government represented at board level. The possibility of future mutualisation was created in the 2011 Postal Services Act .The then minister had written: “I want clear progress to have been made towards mutualisation of the Post Office by the end of this parliament.” Mutualisation diid not then happen.In July 2023, Parliament debated Post Office management culture.  The then government representative, Tom Cooper a senior civil servant, had been heavily criticised.and had resigned following a scandal concerning Post Office bonuses and slow disclosure of documents to the Horizon Inquiry.  "That is not a great look for the Government and it raises real questions about the governance of Post Office Ltd." said Marion Fellows MP Marina Hyde, writing in July 2023 said "It remains something of a downer that the most widespread injustice in British legal history doesn’t get the full-spectrum fever coverage that is lavished on more frivolous news – but then, the forces formerly known as The Man have always wanted this one covered up. .....Wyn Williams’s long-awaited and tirelessly fought-for inquiry is hearing evidence, except on the days it can’t, because the Post Office is continually failing to hand over evidence."  On 27 January 2024 Post Office chairman Henry Staunton was dismissed by Business Secretary Kemi Badenoch, who said that his departure was about more than just the Horizon scandal, but concerned the governance of the Post Office more generally.
On 27 January 2024 Post Office chairman Henry Staunton was dismissed by Business Secretary Kemi Badenoch, who said that his departure was about more than just the Horizon scandal, but concerned the governance of the Post Office more generally.In February 2024 it was reported that the government is to meet representatives of post office operators to discuss the possibility of handing them ownership of the Post Office.

 Horizon IT system 
The Horizon accounting system was developed by ICL Pathway, owned by the Japanese company Fujitsu. In 1999, the Post Office started to roll out the new software to its branches and sub-post offices, the latter managed by subpostmasters on a self-employed basis under contracts with the Post Office.

 Installation and roll-out 
Horizon is the outcome of the Pathway project, and a procurement process that commenced in August 1994, and was announced by social security minister Peter Lilley at the 1995 Conservative Party conference. The original goal was to computerise the payment of benefits at post offices, replacing Girocheques and paper benefit books with swipe cards. It was thought this would reduce benefit fraud by £150 million per year, at the same time as improving efficiency at post office counters, increasing footfall at small branches and enabling them to offer new services. The £1.5 billion project was funded by the private finance initiative; the successful bidder would develop the system and train some 70,000 Post Office staff and subpostmasters to use it, and recover its costs from transaction-based charges.The contract to create the system for the Post Office and the Benefits Agency was awarded in May 1996 to ICL Pathway Limited, a subsidiary created for the purpose in 1995 by British computer company ICL, which was itself majority-owned by Fujitsu of Japan. Fujitsu's British headquarters is in Bracknell, Berkshire.By 1998, the Pathway project was two years behind schedule, costs had increased, and there were concerns that magnetic swipe cards were becoming obsolete. Labour had come into power in 1997 and Stephen Byers, one of the responsible government ministers, later called the working relationships between the contracted parties "dysfunctional". The government considered cancellation, but Fujitsu pressured the government to sign off on the IT system and after lengthy negotiation it was agreed in May 1999 that the Department of Social Security would withdraw and the benefit payment card would be abandoned. The project continued with a reduced scope under the Horizon name at a cost of up to £900 million, in order to replace the paper-based system used in post offices.A precursor of the Horizon system had been rolled out to 300 post offices in 1995. At least two subpostmasters using the system were accused of fraud, but protests that the accounting problems were a "glitch in the system" were ignored. In 1999, the Post Office commenced the national roll-out of Horizon, which reached 10,000 branches by August 2000, and over 13,000 by 2001. By 2013, Horizon was used by at least 11,500 branches and was processing some six million transactions every day. It cost over £1 billion to install and eventually affected 18,000 post offices throughout the UK.On 8 April 2021, after the software problems had caused a scandal, Post Office chief executive Nick Read announced that the Horizon system would be replaced by a new IT system that would be "more user-friendly, easier to adapt for new products and services, and cloud-based to ensure easy maintenance and ready interoperability with other systems", and presented a plan to share Post Office profits with postmasters.

 Problems with the software 
Subpostmasters, who are self-employed and run branch post offices under contract to the Post Office, began to report balancing errors to the Post Office within weeks of the Horizon system being installed, via the helpline the subpostmasters were instructed to use. The Post Office denied the subpostmasters' reports of faults in the system, insisted that the subpostmasters make up any shortfall of money, and in many cases untruthfully denied that any other subpostmasters had reported problems. In 2000, there were six shortfall convictions that relied on Horizon data. Forty-one subpostmasters were prosecuted in 2001, and sixty-four in 2002. In all, between 1999 and 2015, about 4,000 subpostmasters were accused of financial wrongdoing, with over 900 of them being convicted. The Post Office conducted about 900 prosecutions resulting in 700 of those convictions and 236 people going to prison. In May 2002, shopkeeper Baljit Sethi raised concerns with the press that there were errors in Horizon, after his wife Anjana was notified that her subpostmaster contract would be terminated. The Post Office responded that it "totally refuted" that the system was faulty, and that it had "sent experts... to check it twice".In around 2000, problems with the system were reported by Alan Bates, the subpostmaster at Craig-y-Don from March 1998 until November 2003. In 2003, Bates had his contract as subpostmaster terminated when he refused to comply with Post Office policy. He reported his concerns to Computer Weekly in 2004; sufficient evidence had been gathered by 2009 to publish. A campaign group, Justice for Subpostmasters Alliance (JFSA), was formed by Bates and others in September 2009. By 2012, concern in the media, and amongst a number of members of parliament, had grown. As a result, an independent investigative firm, Second Sight, was commissioned by the Post Office to conduct an independent inquiry in 2012. During this period the chief executives of Royal Mail Group were John Roberts, Adam Crozier and Moya Greene, and then Paula Vennells, who became chief executive of Post Office Limited when it separated from Royal Mail in 2012.

 Second Sight reports 
Second Sight issued an Interim Report on 8 July 2013, a briefing report (part one) on 25 July 2014, a briefing report (part two, version one) on 21 August 2014, and a briefing report (part two, version two) on 9 April 2015.In 2020, Vennells, who stood down from her Post Office role in 2019, said of the 2013 report that "it concluded, while it had not found evidence of system-wide problems with the Horizon software, there were specific areas where Post Office should consider its procedures and operational support for sub-postmasters". Ron Warmington of Second Sight had said in 2019 "if the Post Office Board had believed ... and acted on ... what Second Sight reported ... instead of being led by the nose by its own middle management and in-house and external legal advisors, huge amounts of money, and human suffering, would have been avoided". In July 2013, Second Sight issued an interim report and the Post Office admitted that software defects with Horizon had indeed occurred, but said that nevertheless the system was robust. The review concluded that in 2011 and 2012 the Post Office had discovered two defects which had caused discrepancies at 76 Post Office branches, with the largest shortfall being £9,800 and the largest surplus being £7,044. The BBC reported that the Post Office later made good those losses and the subpostmasters were not held liable. More than 150 subpostmasters continued to raise problems with the system, which they said had, in error, put them in debt by as much as tens of thousands of pounds, and that in some cases they had lost their contracts or gone to prison. In 2019, Warmington said:
the Post Office has improperly enriched itself, through the decades, with funds that have passed through its own suspense accounts. Had its own staff more diligently investigated in order to establish who were the rightful owners of those funds, they would have been returned to them, whether they were Post Office's customers or its Subpostmasters. When is the Post Office going to return the funds that, in effect, belonged to its Subpostmasters? ... It also seems to be clear now that some of those funds could have been generated by Horizon itself, or by errors made by the Post Office's own staff, or by those of Fujitsu. They weren't "real" losses at all. They were phantom discrepancies.
Second Sight's report of 9 April 2015, titled Initial Complaint Review and Mediation Scheme and marked as confidential, states that it was first appointed by the Post Office at the request of members of parliament in July 2012. Undertakings were given by the Post Office to satisfy MPs that Second Sight would be able to conduct an independent investigation. The report described the Horizon system as, in some cases, "not fit for purpose". Its lead investigator said that there were about 12,000 communication failures every year, with software defects at 76 branches and old and unreliable hardware. The system had, according to the report, not been tracking money from lottery terminals, Vehicle Excise Duty payments or cash machine transactions – and the initial Post Office investigation had not looked for the cause of the errors, instead accusing the subpostmasters of theft. The report was dismissed by the Post Office. In September 2014 it was leaked to the BBC. The BBC's article on the report also said that training on the system was not good enough, that "equipment was outdated", and that "power cuts and communication problems made things worse".In March 2015, Private Eye magazine reported that the Post Office had ordered Second Sight to end its investigation just one day before the report was due to be published, and to destroy all the paperwork that it had not handed over. The Post Office then thwarted the independent committee set up to oversee the investigation, as well as the mediation scheme for subpostmasters, and published a report which cleared itself of any wrongdoing. Of the 136 cases, 56 had been closed, and the Post Office would put the rest forward for mediation, unless a court ruling prevented them from doing so. After ending the inquiry, the Post Office said that there were no wide-scale problems, and that:
This has been an exhaustive and informative process that has confirmed that there are no system-wide problems with our computer system and associated processes. We will now look to resolve the final outstanding cases as quickly as possible.
The Post Office then went into mediation with some of the affected subpostmasters. By December 2014 MPs had criticised it for the handling of the subpostmasters' claims, and 140 of those affected had withdrawn their support for the Post Office-run mediation scheme. 144 MPs had been contacted by subpostmasters about the issue, and James Arbuthnot, the MP leading on the matter, accused the organisation of rejecting 90% of applications for mediation. The Post Office said that the claims by Arbuthnot were "regrettable and surprising". Arbuthnot further said that the Post Office had been "duplicitous", and said that:
I do not want to build up hopes that the other methods are going to be more successful than the current ones, so I will not be specific – but it will involve legal and political campaigns.
In February 2015, Computerworld UK, a trade magazine for IT managers, reported that the Post Office was obstructing the investigation by refusing to hand over key files to Second Sight. Angela van den Bogerd of Post Office Ltd said in the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee hearing of 3 February 2015 that the Post Office has “been working with Second Sight over the last few weeks on what we agreed at the outset. We have been providing the information", but the lead investigator for Second Sight, when asked by Adrian Bailey MP if that were the case, said "No, it is not", as he had not been given access to prosecution files, which he needed to back up his suspicions that Post Office Ltd had brought cases against subpostmasters with "inadequate investigation and inadequate evidence". He said that these files were still outstanding 18 months after they had been requested.

 Court cases 
The Post Office and Crown Prosecution Service proceeded against subpostmasters and some post office workers in criminal prosecutions in magistrates' courts and the Crown Court, and with civil actions. At the time of the prosecutions, the Post Office had no different standing in law from that of any other private prosecutor in the British legal system. It acted as a private prosecutor in England and Wales. In Scotland, it reported allegations of crime to a procurator fiscal, and in Northern Ireland to the Public Prosecution Service. The Post Office's unique position, with a history as a prosecutor going back to 1683, gave the Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC) the greatest cause for concern upon its referral to the Court of Appeal; historically, Royal Mail had been a public authority.The Post Office is not a typical private prosecutor. The Private Prosecutors' Association questioned whether the Post Office was conducting private prosecutions at all and was in fact a "publicly-owned entity and a public prosecutor" during the relevant period. The CCRC, in its written submission to the Commons Select Committee, questioned whether any organisation with the Post Office's combined status, as victim, investigator and prosecutor, would be able to take decisions on investigations and disclosure "appropriately free from conflict of interest and conscious or unconscious bias". Counsel for the defence in the case of Misra raised issues of insufficient disclosure and conflict of interest.Paul Marshall, counsel to three appellants in the case of Hamilton (until forced to resign from the case by an allegation by the Post Office of contempt, or information to the court indicating contempt, or breach of disclosure terms), in written evidence to the parliamentary Justice Committee, rejected the notion of the private nature of the prosecutions as the single cause of the scandal. The Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission has written to some 73 subpostmasters who may have been wrongly prosecuted and/or convicted. Marshall postulated four inter-related causes:
Legal – legislative failure.
Legal – court/judicial failure.: 133 
Post Office mendacity/opportunism.
Failure in Post Office corporate governance.Once the Post Office had a criminal conviction, it would attempt to secure a Proceeds of Crime Act order against convicted subpostmasters, allowing it to seize their assets. According to press reports, these actions caused the loss of dozens of jobs, bankruptcy, divorce, prison sentences and at least four suicides.As the mediation process broke down, the subpostmasters began to consult and combine their efforts into legal action. The action taken against the Post Office took the form first of group litigation in the name of Bates and others, a civil action in the High Court by some 555 people. There were six 'lead claimants', and 23 'common issues' were identified and agreed to enable the court to examine the 555 cases. The case was settled mid-trial by consent and without judgment as to costs; Post Office costs have been estimated as £100m and the subpostmasters' as £47m. The Post Office agreed to pay the subpostmasters £58 million, but after legal costs the claimants were left with £12 million to share. During the trial, which had been divided into six sub-trials, those acting for the Post Office attempted to persuade the judge to recuse himself. This was later described by Richard Moorhead, Professor of Law and Professional Ethics, University of Exeter Law School, as a "highly suspect tactical manoeuvre". Joshua Rozenberg said "Surely the Post Office was right to take the very best advice it could on such an important issue? It might have been expensive but it could have saved public money in the long run." Nick Wallis, commenting on the two very senior lawyers who had advised the Post Office Board on the strategy, described it as "misuse (of) a very serious instrument designed to aid fairness as a weapon purely for their wealthy client's benefit."   At the Horizon inquiry, a former Post Office manager admitted that the ultimately lost case was seen by the Post Office as a way of "killing off" challenges to the Horizon system. A barrister involved on the Bates case said "It is obvious that the Post Office had a strategy to withhold material until they were forced to produce it. This caused delay, disruption and ran up costs. We only received significant documents after a battle and were left with little time to review them, sometimes just days before a witness was cross-examined. It was exasperating". The linked appeal cases, first of R v Christoper Trousdale & Others in the Crown Court, and then of Hamilton and Others in the Court of Appeal, (Criminal Division) followed. In the Trousdale and Hamilton appeals, the findings in the civil case (Bates) were used in support.
Further cases since the Hamilton appeal have been heard and further appeals and civil claims are expected. The Financial Times headlined an article "sub-postmasters set to file UK lawsuits for malicious prosecution". The CCRC is calling on more subpostmasters to come forward to have their convictions reviewed and, as of April 2023, 86 people have had their convictions quashed.

 Magistrates' courts 
Magistrates' courts are not courts of record. An appeal against a conviction in a magistrates' court is to the Crown Court by way of a rehearing, or by way of case stated (but only where the appeal raises a point of law) to a Divisional Court of the High Court. As of July 2021, the number of convictions obtained by the Post Office, directly or via public prosecution in magistrates' courts, is unknown or unpublished. On 30 June 2021, the Post Office issued a statement setting out its position in respect  of convictions in the Magistrates' Courts.The Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC) has posthumously referred the convictions of two former Post Office workers to the Crown Court – the first such referral in its history. The commission has statutory powers to refer Crown Court cases to the Court of Appeal, but not from the magistrates' to the Crown Court.
Peter Huxham pleaded guilty to fraud by misrepresentation in 2010 at Torquay magistrates' court. He was sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment. He died in 2020 and his son applied to have his case reviewed by the CCRC in 2021.
Roderick Dundee pleaded guilty to false accounting at Cambridge magistrates' court in 2005 and was given a community punishment order of 240 hours. He applied to the CCRC in 2020 but died the following year. His daughter has pursued the application on his behalf.

 Crown Court 

 R v Christopher Trousdale & Others – December 2020 
The first subpostmaster appeals against convictions were at Southwark Crown Court before circuit judge Taylor, sitting as a deputy judge of the High Court. The cases were from magistrates' court convictions in London, Luton, Basingstoke, Oxford, Burton-upon-Trent and Scarborough between 2004 and 2012. "The Post Office is currently reviewing around 800 prosecutions made between 1999 and 2014, where Horizon data was used in evidence." The six appealed against their convictions. The appeals were unopposed; the respondent, the Post Office, offered no evidence, the appeals were allowed and not guilty verdicts were entered. Little if any mention was made of the distinction between unsafe convictions and prosecutions that should not have been brought.This case was heard before submissions about ultra vires or wrongful prosecutions were made in Hamilton & Others. Just three months later, it was known publicly that these submissions were to be made and that the Post Office intended to oppose them in Hamilton. Five of the six appellants were represented by counsel – one was unrepresented and had been advised by the court that she need not attend. Costs were awarded to the appellants. At the end of the hearing the judge said, "I am sure that all of the appellants are grateful for the approach that the Post Office has taken finally to this matter and that it can be put to rest for them."

 R v Seema Misra – October 2010 
Seema Misra was prosecuted at Guildford Crown Court and sent to prison. In written evidence to Parliament's Justice Committee, the barrister who had started her representation at her appeal in the Hamilton case said, that at "Mrs Misra's criminal trial, on ... three separate occasions, the defence applied to three separate judges to have the prosecution stopped on the basis that the disclosure given by the Post Office was woefully inadequate and the prosecution an abuse of process..." The submissions at Guildford Crown Court were dismissed and Misra was charged with one count of theft, to which she pleaded not guilty, and six of false accounting to which she pleaded guilty.
In a further application, during the trial, that the trial be stopped, K. Hadrill, for Misra, said of the prosecution's expert witness, "He operates under a restriction because he is an employee of Fujitsu who are under contract to the Post Office and he can only comply with his contractual terms as best he can and there is no suggestion his integrity is anywhere at fault as to what he is permitted to do, bearing in mind this is a Post Office prosecution. I don't go behind that but it is not an independent prosecution at arm's reach from the loser company and Mr Jenkins, so we have to have concerns as to the quality of his evidence and the best he has done in regard to the restrictions he operates under." The application was again unsuccessful. The prosecution told the jury, "In a Post Office case it is a Post Office investigator who conducts the interview because of course they are familiar with Post Office procedures in a way a Police Officer would not necessarily be."Misra, recalling the moment when she was sentenced to 15 months in prison in 2010, said, "It's hard to say but I think that if I had not been pregnant, I would have killed myself."

 High Court 

 Post Office Ltd v Castleton – January 2006 
This was a civil case in which the Post Office sued Lee Castleton. The case was heard before judge Richard Havery in December 2006 and January 2007. The defendant represented himself and counterclaimed damages in the sum of £11,250 on the ground that the Post Office wrongfully determined the contract as a subpostmaster following his suspension. The judge found for the Post Office on the claim for £25,858.95. He found the deficiencies were real, the business was not properly managed and that Castleton was therefore in breach of his contract with the Post Office. "Moreover, the losses must have been caused by his own error or that of his assistants. The counterclaim was dismissed." Unable to afford the losses and the £321,000 in legal costs, Castleton declared himself bankrupt.The Post Office knew Castleton would not be able to pay if he lost but that the state-owned company wanted to "show the world" it would defend the Horizon system. Lawyers for the Post Office opted not to tell a subpostmaster about thousands of issues raised about the Horizon IT system. The Post Office pursued him through a week-long trial which resulted in his bankruptcy. As the case continued the motivation of the Post Office changed. It was less about making an example of Castleton and more about sending a message that they were willing to defend the Fujitsu Horizon system. Asked by counsel for the inquiry, 'Looking back, do you think the brinkmanship and the tactics were appropriate?' Stephen Dilley replied 'Yes.' Asked if he could and should have made wider disclosure, Dilley responded 'No'.

 Bates & Others v Post Office Ltd 
On 22 March 2017, Senior Master Fontaine made a group litigation order with the approval of the President of the Queen's Bench of the High Court and, on 31 March, the then Mr Justice Fraser was nominated managing judge in Bates & Others v Post Office Ltd, brought by 555 claimants. At the start of the proceedings, the Post Office unsuccessfully opposed the making or the existence of a group litigation order. The Post Office had set up a litigation sub-committee, attended on 24 April 2019 by Tim Parker, Tom Cooper, (director of UK Government Investments), David Cavender, Alisdair Cameron, Ben Foat, staff from Womble Bond Dickinson and from Herbert Smith Freehills. There was an unsuccessful application by the Post Office that the judge recuse himself, an appeal, and two separate submissions described by judges as attempts to put the courts in terrorem. At the Judgment No. 6 the judge said:
The recusal application was issued the day after Mr Godeseth's cross-examination had made it clear, not only that this remote access existed, but after he was taken in careful cross-examination through specific examples of Fujitsu personnel manipulating branch accounts, and leading to discrepancies in branch accounts. I am aware that criticism of the Post Office and Fujitsu in this respect may prove to be controversial, as earlier criticism of certain aspects of the Post Office's case in Judgment (No. 3) was not well received by it. However, if criticism is justified, I consider it would be detrimental to proper resolution of the group litigation if that criticism were to be withheld simply because it might lead to a further negative reaction by the Post Office. It is also an inherent part of the judicial function in any litigation to make findings, which may include criticisms where justified, that may be contrary to a litigant's own view of the merits of their case. Some litigants are so convinced of the righteousness of their own position that they consistently refuse to accept any possible view of the litigation other than their own. Such a blinkered view is rarely helpful, and would be particularly unhelpful from a publicly owned institution.
The subpostmasters were financed by a litigation fund, Therium. The high cost of High Court battles means that some cases may not make it to court without them. The matter ended by consent when the Post Office agreed to pay costs of £58 million, without admitting liability, and compensation was therefore not awarded. Of that payment, £46 million went to the financial backers.Paula Vennells, the then-Post Office chief executive, in December 2019, after Post Office Ltd conceded the court cases, apologised to workers affected by the scandal, saying: "I am truly sorry we were unable to find both a solution and a resolution outside of litigation and for the distress this caused." Her letter to the Energy and Industrial Strategy Select Committee says "The message that the Board and I were consistently given by Fujitsu, from the highest levels of the company, was that while, like any IT system, Horizon was not perfect and had a limited life-span, it was fundamentally sound" (Answer 11). She said "I raised this question repeatedly, both internally and with Fujitsu, and was always given the same answer: that it was not possible for branch records to be altered remotely without the subpostmaster's knowledge. Indeed, I remember being told by Fujitsu's then CEO when I raised it with him that the system was 'like Fort Knox'" (Answer 54).The extent to which the government was aware of the Post Office's approach to its defence was questioned during the parliamentary debate on 19 March 2020. David Jones MP said, "Of course the Post Office has a non-executive director appointed by the Government. One must assume that that non-executive director is reporting to Ministers." Kevin Jones MP replied, "If I had been the Minister, I would have had that person in and scrutinised what was going on ... That would certainly have applied in the past few months, given the hundreds of millions of pounds that have been spent defending the indefensible." Bambos Charalambous MP said, "The Post Office seemed to have unlimited funds at its disposal to fight this action, ... The Post Office is an arm's length organisation, but there seems to be no accountability ..." Chi Onwurah MP said, "Its only shareholder is the Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, so more should have been done to address the scandal before it was allowed to fester to this extent."Arbuthnot, sitting in the House of Lords as Baron Arbuthnot of Edrom, in a written question asked, "... whether the Accounting Officer with responsibility for the Post Office has played any role in advising ministers on the Government's policy in relation to ... (3) the sub-postmasters' litigation against the Post Office".During the case, six separate judgments were handed down:

 Judgment No 1 Applications to alter timetable – November 2017 
Referring to costs and delay, the judge said, "Fitting hearings around their availability has all the disadvantages of doing an intricate jigsaw puzzle, with none of the fun associated with that activity."

 Judgment No 2 Application to strike out evidence – October 2018 
This decision followed a case management hearing and dismissed an application to strike out roughly one-quarter of the lead claimants' evidence – more than 160 paragraphs. Mr Justice Fraser said "The application by the defendant to strike out this evidence appears to be an attempt to hollow out the Lead Claimants' case to the very barest of bones (to mix metaphors), if not beyond, and to keep evidence with which the defendant does not agree from being aired at all." The judge commented that adverse publicity for Post Office was not a matter of concern for the court if the evidence was relevant and admissible. He also warned against the aggressive conduct of litigation, particularly in a group action of this nature. The application was dismissed.

 Judgment No 3 Common Issues – March 2019 

The subpostmasters and the Post Office had identified 23 issues relating to the contractual relationship between them and about which they disagreed. The judge made findings on each so that obligations under all iterations of the contracts would be settled, both retrospectively and prospectively. Of the 23 issues, 16 were decided in the subpostmasters' favour. The parties agreed that broadly the claimants were more successful.: 33&34  Issue 1 was later described by the judge as important. He found subpostmasters' contracts are relational contracts. "This means that the Post Office is not entitled to act in a way that would be considered commercially unacceptable by reasonable and honest people."In court, Fraser criticised testimony given by Post Office witnesses. The judge said Angela van den Bogerd (Head of Partnerships, Post Office) "did not give me frank evidence, and sought to obfuscate matters, and mislead me." Fraser commented on the evidence given by Stephen Parker, Head of Post Office Application Support, Fujitsu:

I do not consider that Mr Parker was interested in accuracy in any of his evidential exercises. ... I do not consider his evidence in his witness statements to have been remotely accurate, even though he stoutly maintained that it was.: par. 495–498 
Of the evidence of one Post Office witness, the judge said, "The Post Office appears, at least at times, to conduct itself as though it is answerable only to itself. The statement that it is prepared to preserve documents – as though that were a concession – and the obdurate to accept the relevance of plainly important documents, and to refuse to produce them, is extremely worrying.": 523  Fraser said in the Horizon Issues trial,: 64.2 
the possibility of future (as opposed to current) criminal prosecutions, or the potentially criminal impact upon individual subpostmasters, did more than hover in the background to the Horizon Issues trial. Some claimants who gave evidence in this trial were expressly accused by the Post Office of criminal offences in cross-examination in this trial, something which had also occurred in the Common Issues trial.
When the judgment was delivered, the Post Office said it would appeal. On 23 May, the judge refused the Post Office permission to appeal and set out his reasons on 17 June. The Post Office applied for permission to appeal that refusal. During the Horizon Issues evidence, just as the judge returned to court for the final afternoon, Joshua Rozenberg reported, "he was told that the Post Office had served an application for his recusal ... Counsel representing Post Office on the Horizon issues had apparently not seen it. He made no mention of it that morning".

 Judgment No 4 Application for recusal – April 2019 
The Post Office brought in Lord Grabiner to make an application to Fraser that he recuse himself. Grabiner is widely described as a 'legal heavyweight'. Statements supporting the recusal application alleged that paragraphs 22 to 25 of Judgment No 3 were findings, or observations that fell outside the scope of the Common Issues trial. Paragraph 24 of that judgment gave the clear impression that the judge has already formed a firm view on these matters that will prevent him from taking an impartial view when they are revisited at subsequent trials.: 17, 18  The statement further alleged that the judgment contained critical invective directed at the Post Office and that parts harshly criticised the Post Office's witnesses on irrelevant matters. The subpostmasters argued that the Post Office was insufficiently specific and the judge required the Post Office to identify the relevant paragraphs of Judgment No 3. In response, the Post Office cited 110 paragraphs.: 116 The recusal application was dismissed on two grounds, no bias, and waiver due to delay by the Post Office. Lord Grabiner had been asked to explain the delay in making the application. He replied "It was made at board level within the client and it also involved the need for me to be got up to speed from a standing start. And I am not the only judicial figure or barrister that has looked at this with a view to reaching that conclusion. It has also been looked at by another very senior person before the decision was taken to make this application. The delay, such as it is, is very, very tiny".: 279  This submission was rejected.: 280  The judge decided the issue of waiver as a result of the delay in making the application for recusal.

Even if I had found that there were grounds of apparent bias on the face of Judgment No. 3, I would not have recused myself. This is because of the fact that the Post Office waited until almost two weeks after it had received Judgment No. 3 before it did anything in respect of making an application to recuse.: 274 
The recusal application was opposed by the subpostmasters: 24  and dismissed by the judge.: 289 

 Judgment No 5 Common Issues costs – June 2019 
The issuing by the Post Office of the recusal application on 21 March 2019 caused significant disruption to the Horizon Issues trial which had started on 11 March 2019, and to the Group Litigation as a whole. The subpostmasters applied for the costs of that application; the Post Office sought that the judge reserve costs, in the following terms:
the court can't be sure that things will happen in the future that will affect and alter its view about incidence of costs. It simply cannot do so. If it does so now, in my submission as a matter of principle, that would evidence a predetermination or would go towards suggesting the court has reached a view about matters as to how things are going to pan out in the future.
The judge was troubled by this submission. Inherent was a veiled or implied threat that the Post Office will say that the overall outcome of the litigation, or other future issues, has been decided. The Post Office was attempting to put the court in terrorem again. After asserting no predecision he said, "I do nonetheless consider that it is appropriate that I consider whether to make a costs order now ..." After considering cases cited, the application by the Post Office to reserve costs was dismissed. "The claimants would not be on an equal footing with the Post Office, a publicly funded body, if I reserved the costs of the Common Issues trial until the very end of the litigation ... I do not however consider that the presence of litigation funding should sway this decision one way or the other. I agree with Mr Cavender that the presence of such funding should not put a claimant in a better position vis-à-vis the correct stage in litigation at which costs should be addressed, compared to a non-funded party. However, regardless of who is funding litigation, a funder or an individual litigant, cash flow is a relevant consideration for most litigants. It is a consideration that might weigh less heavily upon publicly funded bodies such as the Post Office, but even such entities are likely to be concerned to some extent with cash flow." Of the subpostmasters' submissions that their award of costs should not be reduced, the court rejected them.

 Judgment No 6 Horizon issues – December 2019 
This judgment concerns the operation and functionality of the Horizon system itself. The hearings took place in March, April, June and July 2019. The hearings were interrupted by the Post Office's application for the judge to recuse, to appeal his refusal to recuse (judgment 4), and his judgment 3. The judgment was published in December 2019. Twenty-nine bugs, errors and defects were identified and analysed. Witnesses for the subpostmasters and for the Post Office submitted statements and gave oral evidence. Documents that had been submitted, and further documents, the submission of which had been resisted were, after argument and rulings, submitted. These included the 'Known Error Logs' and the 'PEAKs', a browser-based software incident and problem management system used by Fujitsu for the Post Office account. Permission, for two IT experts to be called, one for the claimants (Jason Coyne) and one for the Post Office (Robert Worden): par.6 The important judgment was about whether the Horizon computer system worked and was "robust", which the Post Office said it was.  Again, the judge found overwhelmingly in favour of the subpostmasters and that the original version of Horizon was "not robust" and, as to the later version, "its robustness was questionable, and did not justify the confidence placed in it by the Post Office in terms of its accuracy."During this trial, the Post Office issued an application that the judge recuse himself. That led first to Fraser's Judgment No. 4, and then to an application for permission to appeal that judgment. The applications and the appeal failed but caused considerable delay.: par.5–7 

 Court of Appeal (civil) 

 Permission to appeal Judgment No 3 – November 2019 
Lord Justice Coulson refused permission to appeal judgment No 3 and handed down his written reasons on 22 November. Before dealing with the 26 grounds that formed the basis of the application the judge set out a number of reasons that he felt militated against granting the Post Office permission to appeal. In short, the judge said:

The trial was long and complex – 6 weeks – 60 lever arch files – 20 witnesses of fact. The judgment is 320 pages and 1,122 paragraphs long. No judge will ever know more about this case generally, and the Common Issues specifically, than Fraser.
The oral hearing of the permission-to-appeal application had demonstrated the danger that consideration of one issue opened up another, and another until the trial is re-fought. That is manifestly not in the interests of justice.
Many of the Post Office's challenges are challenges to the findings of fact made by Fraser. Challenges to such findings of fact are not open to an appellant in the position of the Post Office. Fraser's conclusions of law were so entangled with his findings of fact that Coulson considered it neither just, nor practicable to endeavour to separate them out.
The Post Office made sweeping statements of the judgment which were demonstrably wrong. The Post Office takes findings "either wholly out of context, misstated, or otherwise not correctly summarised".
Fraser dealt comprehensively with why he refused permission to appeal in his separate judgment of 17 June 2019 which itself runs to 91 paragraphs, and Coulson said that he agreed with Fraser's detailed reasons for refusing the application to appeal.
The Post Office's approach in this application was, as Fraser correctly labelled it "attritional". The most obvious example is the Post Office's anxiety to state what they do not like about a particular proposal from the subpostmasters or the consequential finding by Fraser, without providing any practical alternative. None of this engenders any confidence in the underlying merits or prospects of success of the Post Office's application for permission to appeal.
There is no greater or wider right to permission to appeal just because this is group litigation; indeed, from the point of view of practical justice the opposite may well be the case. In any event, the subpostmasters' contract was no longer in use.
This application is founded on the premise that the nation's most trusted brand was not obliged to treat their subpostmasters with good faith, and instead entitled to treat them in capricious or arbitrary ways which would not be unfamiliar to a mid-Victorian factory-owner (the Post Office's right to terminate contracts arbitrarily and the subpostmasters alleged strict liability to the Post Office for errors made by the Post Office's own computer system, being just two of many examples). Given the unique relationship that the Post Office has with its subpostmasters, that position was a startling starting point for any consideration of these grounds of appeal.The application was refused.

 Permission to appeal Judgment No 4 – May 2019 
Lord Justice Coulson refused the Post Office permission to appeal the refusal to recuse. Coulson said that the subpostmasters had submitted "that the strike-out application arose because the PO wished to adduce extensive factual evidence in their favour but objected to any evidence to the contrary from the SPMs [subpostmasters]. As they put it 'the Post Office wanted the case decided all one way'. There remains a distinct flavour of that approach within the recusal application." "The application by the defendant to strike out this evidence appears to be an attempt to hollow out the Lead Claimants' case to the very barest of bones (to mix metaphors), if not beyond, and to keep evidence with which the defendant does not agree from being aired at all." Counsel for the subpostmasters, in a written submission that was quoted and accepted by the judge, said the application "appears to be an attempt by Post Office to secure an advantage at the Common Issues Trial by selectively tailoring the evidence which the Court is to consider."Of the submission by Lord Grabiner, that he was not the only judicial figure or barrister who had looked at the decision to seek recusal, Coulson said at paragraph 48: "Such a comment, presumably made in terrorem, should not have been made at least without proper explanation of its relevance." In her legal analysis of the case Kate Beaumont said, "Recusal applications are extremely serious. They are not a tactic to be strategically deployed by a losing party." She quotes Coulson as saying "Without making any finding, he stated that he at least understood the claimants' submission that the recusal application and the permission to appeal application were made in an attempt to de-rail the litigation as a whole."The application was refused.

 Court of Appeal (criminal) 
In December 2019, Mr Justice Fraser stated that he had concerns regarding the veracity of evidence given by Fujitsu employees to other courts about the known existence of bugs, errors and defects in the Horizon system. In March 2020, the Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC) referred for appeal the convictions of 39 Post Office applicants. The commission said it would be referring all those cases which involve convictions for theft, fraud and false accounting, on the basis that each prosecution amounted to an abuse of process. In May 2020, the CCRC referred a further eight such convictions, bringing the total to 47. In January 2021, the CCRC decided to refer a further four convictions, bringing the total to 51. In May 2021, Helen Pitcher, chair of the commission, told MPs that the organisation was 'not adequately resourced' if 200 cases were to be brought forward for review. She told the justice committee that a shortage of case review managers would take months to address, and that talks were ongoing with the Ministry of Justice about extending funding.

 Hamilton & Others and Post Office Ltd – April 2021 
In April 2021, after an appeal before three judges, Lord Justice Holroyde, Mr Justice Picken and Mrs Justice Farbey, thirty-nine of the convicted former postmasters had their convictions quashed, with a further twenty-two cases still being investigated by the Criminal Cases Review Commission. The case was heard over four days in March 2021. The forty-two appellants were represented by seven teams of barristers; the Post Office representatives were led by Brian Altman QC.At the commencement of the case, three of the applicant subpostmasters were represented by Paul Marshall and Flora Page, his junior. In December 2020, Marshall and Page resigned from the case under threat from the court of contempt proceedings. That threat was lifted at a hearing in April 2021 before Lord Justice Fulford. It was Marshall and Page who led the charge on the critical second limb of the appeal, that it was an "affront to the public conscience for the appellants to face prosecution.": 17 Forty-two historical convictions of dishonesty were referred by the Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC) to the Court of Appeal. "The CCRC referred the cases because it considered that two cogent lines of argument in relation to abuse of process were available to each appellant: first, that the reliability of Horizon data was essential to the prosecution and conviction, and it was not possible for the trial process to be fair; and secondly, that it was an affront to the public conscience for the appellant to face criminal proceedings." Each of the forty-two cases was considered individually. Of the forty-two, just two had previously appealed, unsuccessfully.
The Post Office accepted Fraser's findings of the unreliability of the Horizon systems and, in some cases, of inadequate investigation, and/or of insufficient disclosure. In these cases, the Post Office did not resist the appeal on Ground 1 but it would oppose Ground 2. The Post Office divided the appellants into three groups; A, 4 cases where it asserted that both categories 1 and 2 abuse of process applied, group B, 35 cases where category 1 applied, but not category 2, and group C, where neither category applied. The Post Office would not seek a retrial of any appellant whose appeal is allowed.
The Attorney General instructed counsel as advocate to the court, Marshall and Page were succeeded by L. Busch and S. Fowles, and the court addressed "the issue of whether an appellant whose appeal was not resisted by the Post Office on Ground 1 was entitled to argue Ground 2.": 79  All counsel at the December hearing agreed that no appellant is entitled as of right to argue Ground 2. An earlier written submission to the contrary was not pursued. Busch and Fowles went on to argue that "... the court must act judicially. It would be wrong in principle for the court to permit the respondent (the Post Office) effectively to preclude argument on Ground 2 by its concession that Ground 1 is not opposed. ... The appellants have suffered very severely as a consequence of their prosecutions, and a finding in their favour on Ground 1 alone would not fully vindicate them. ... She (Busch) pointed out that there has been an important disclosure since the Commission referred the cases, and submitted that the public interest required consideration of the complete picture."For the other applicants, it was submitted all were concerned about delay; only three of the whole group had actively sought to argue Ground 2 ... appellants would be content to have their appeals allowed on Ground 1 alone ... however, appellants do contend that Ground 2 is made out in their cases ... if the court concluded that argument should be heard on Ground 2, they would wish their submissions on Ground 2 heard.The court ordered that, "... in the exercise of the court's discretion we would permit argument on Ground 2 by any appellant who wished to advance it. In the event, each appellant did wish to do so." The court set out its reasoning and highlighted four factors of particular importance:
abuse of court process is an important matter to the parties and the public, notwithstanding that the appellants had not previously applied for leave to appeal.
Ground 1 presupposes that there should be a prosecution. The public may legitimately feel ... that a finding in the appellant's favour on Ground 2 adds materially to a finding in his or her favour on Ground 1. ... If in fact an appellant should never have been prosecuted at all, ... the court should make that determination.
We are ... satisfied that case management can avoid any risk of these appeals becoming an open-ended exercise in finding facts.
Fourthly, we do not accept the submissions that consideration of Ground 2 will cause undue delay in the determination of these appeals.At the April hearings, after considering the submissions of the subpostmasters and the Post Office, the court stated, "In those circumstances, we are satisfied that a fair trial was not possible in any of the 'Horizon cases' and that Ground 1 accordingly succeeds in each of those cases.": 126  The court then set out its reasoning in respect of Ground 2. In short, the court decided that Ground 2 succeeds in each of the "Horizon cases".: 127–138 By 2 February 2024, 100 Horizon convictions had been overturned. The number of those affected by other types of abuse by the Post Office, torts, breach of contract, coercion etc., has not been tabulated or published. The prosecutions, civil actions, and extortions resulted in criminal convictions, false confessions, imprisonments, defamation, loss of livelihood, bankruptcy, divorce, and suicide.In September 2020, the Post Office declared it would not oppose 44 postmasters' appeals against conviction, but it unsuccessfully opposed their appeals against improper prosecution. In December 2020, six summary jurisdiction convictions were quashed, and in April 2021 the Court of Appeal quashed a further 39 convictions. The court found that the Post Office had acted in such a way as to subvert the integrity of the criminal justice system and public confidence in it. The prosecutions were found to be an abuse of process and an affront to the conscience of the court. By this relatively rare finding the appellants were completely exonerated.: 137  The BBC called the convictions "the UK's most widespread miscarriage of justice".

 Felstead & Others and Post Office Ltd – April 2021 
At paragraphs 79 and 80 of the substantive Hamilton judgment, the court referred to a directions hearing on 18 November. That hearing led to further hearings in November, December, and January. The court addressed three issues:

information from Brian Altman, counsel for Post Office, alleging potential contempt of court by Page, junior counsel for three appellants (all in group B), by improper disclosure of the 'Clarke advice';
"the issue of whether an appellant whose appeal was not resisted by POL on Ground 1 was entitled to argue Ground 2;": 79 
an application by journalist Nick Wallis for the release of the 'Clarke advice'. Wallis' application failed.Altman's information to the court on 19 November led to hearings on 3 December 10 December and 15 January before the present court, and to Marshall and Page resigning from the case. On 3 December, Altman said, "I am confident that the court understands why we brought these matters to the court's attention. ... For the avoidance of any doubt, I should like to make clear that the Post Office has not made application for anyone's committal for contempt. ... We have sought to assist the court as we were invited to do," referring to signed undertakings, "... the court suggested that all legal representatives sign an express undertaking not to use disclosed material other than for the proper conduct of these proceedings." Lord Justice Holroyde interjected, "I thought you suggested that," and Altman replied, "Ultimately, my Lord, I think it was at the suggestion of the court but that is what has happened and that is what has been done.": 137–141 The court issued a brief judgment. "... we direct that the question of whether any contempt proceedings are to be initiated against Mr Marshall and/or Miss Page and, if so, whether by the Post Office or by the Court of its own initiative, must be adjourned for consideration after the appeals have been concluded. ... we direct that all further hearings must be before a different constitution." On 15 January 2021, the court set out its reasons. It led to Marshall and Page facing the possibility of an action against them, either by the court or by the Post Office, for contempt of court. By 4 December, barristers Paul Marshall and Fiona Page had resigned from the Hamilton case. Marshall had written two letters to the court. Of the second, Nick Wallis said, "It makes for troubling reading." In April 2021, the matter came before Lord Justice Fulford, Mrs Justice Cutts and Mr Justice Saini when it was declared no further action to be taken. Mr Marshall said "the threat of contempt proceedings from the outset was seriously questionable as a matter of law".

 The Clarke advice 
The 'Clarke Advice' consists of two pieces of advice to the Post Office in 2013 by Simon Clarke, a barrister engaged by Cartwright King (CK), a solicitors' firm instructed by the Post Office in relation to the Post Office prosecutions. In the first advice, written in July 2013, Clarke reminded the Post Office of their obligations as a prosecutor regarding disclosure and of the duties of an expert witness and expressed a view that several trials had been misled as to the reliability of the Horizon system. He said that Fujitsu employee Gareth Jenkins, even though he was aware of bugs in the system, had given expert evidence to the court attesting to Horizon's accuracy.: 81–90  This advice prompted Cartwright King carry out the "CK Sift Review", which was then reviewed by Altman for the Post Office. The sift review "raised the prospect of at least 26 potential miscarriages of justice and caused the immediate cessation of four prosecutions. It was concluded in 2014." The second piece of advice was written in August 2013, after Clarke became aware that the Post Office had given instructions to shred minutes of a conference call about Horizon bugs, and again reminded the Post Office of prosecution disclosure obligations.: 81–90 The Clarke advice was disclosed in the Hamilton appeals in November 2020 by the Post Office amongst a bundle of post prosecution disclosures.: 81–90  It was described by Lord Falconer of Thoroton, former head of the judiciary, as a likely "smoking gun".In November 2020 Fiona Page and Paul Marshall, barristers representing three subpostmasters in the Hamilton appeals, were accused of contempt of court by the Post Office after they sent a copy of the Clarke advice to a journalist and the Metropolitan Police. Page and Marshall resigned from the case; they were later cleared of any contempt of court.

 Compensation 
Eligibility for compensation depends on the circumstances of an individual's case. There are three main schemes, for groups of victims who had different experiences of the scandal. As of 11 January 2024, approximately £153 million had been paid to over 2,700 claimants across these three schemes, with 64% of all those affected by the scandal having received full and final compensation. It is estimated that more than 4,000 people have been told they are eligible for compensation.The Horizon shortfall scheme, originally named the historic shortfall scheme, was established by the agreement between the Post Office and the 555 subpostmasters in Bates & Others v Post Office Ltd. It was designed to compensate subpostmasters who had lost money due to shortfalls caused by Horizon, but had not taken part in the group action and had not been convicted. The scheme is administered by the Post Office. By 15 January 2024 the scheme had received 2,753 eligible claims and paid out £93 million to over 2,172 claimants.In December 2019, at about the time of the high court verdict in Bates & Others v Post Office, the government decided this group could not apply for compensation through the historical shortfall scheme. The details of the settlement between the subpostmasters and the Post Office were not made public until August 2020. In February 2022, MPs from parliament’s Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) committee expressed concerns about the time taken to make settlements to former Post Office operators who were wrongfully convicted as a result of errors in the company’s computer accounting system and warned that compensation needed to be concluded urgently, as many of those affected by the long-running scandal are elderly, some having died while awaiting redress, while others remained at risk of losing their homes.In April 2021, Nick Read, Post Office chief executive, urged the government to provide funding for compensation, saying "The Post Office simply does not have the financial resources to provide meaningful compensation." Shortly afterward, the government promised "fair and speedy" pay-outs for the 555 victims of the Horizon IT scandal who had been excluded from the Post Office's compensation scheme.In July 2021, the government announced that subpostmasters wrongly convicted of offences would get interim compensation of up to £100,000.On 22 March 2022, a government scheme was launched to compensate the 555 subpostmasters at the same level of compensation as subpostmasters who had had their convictions overturned..In December 2022, the Horizon Inquiry heard that postmasters made bankrupt after being wrongly prosecuted were receiving a fraction of what they were due. One applicant ran a successful postmaster business for 20 years before his life was ruined by a false conviction which led to his mental health deteriorating and his being unable to pay his mortgage. In another case, a victim’s award of £25,000 was reduced to £4,500 after deductions paid to the official receiver. It appears that the shortfall scheme takes no account of whether the root cause of the bankruptcy was or may have been generated by the Horizon software. Tim Moloney said "Compensation is intended to put the claimant in the position they would have been if they had not been adversely affected… many of the debts accrued by these people which led to bankruptcy were caused by the shortfalls [wrongly flagged up by Horizon]". The compensation award is then "swallowed up" by legal obligations to repay debts.In September 2023, the government announced that subpostmasters who have had their convictions on the basis of Horizon evidence overturned would be offered compensation of £600,000 in full and final settlement of their claim. In March 2023, The Law Society Gazette had stated "Journalist Nick Wallis, who wrote The Great Post Office Scandal, tweeted today that 27 claimants who would have qualified for the group litigation scheme have died waiting for compensation."  In January 2024, postal affairs minister Kevin Hollinrake told the Commons the families of the 60 people who died before receiving any compensation will be able to apply for compensation in their place.

 Post Office Horizon IT Inquiry 
On 26 February 2020, Prime Minister Boris Johnson committed to hold an independent inquiry. Evidence about the case was also heard by parliament's Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee on 10 March 2020. On 19 March 2020, in a debate in the House of Commons, Kevan Jones MP criticised former Post Office CEO, Paula Vennells, for her role in the scandal. Arbuthnot said in November 2019:
My own suggestion is that the government should clear out the entirety of the board and senior management of the Post Office and start again, perhaps with the assistance of consultancy services from Second Sight, who know where the bodies are buried.
In a written ministerial statement on 10 June 2020, Paul Scully, Minister for Small Business, Consumers and Labour Markets, announced the scope of the independent review into the Post Office Horizon IT system and trials. Of the review's terms of reference, Lord Arbuthnot said in the House of Lords chamber on 6 October, "Yet the Government are expressly excluding from the scope of their inquiry the Post Office Ltd prosecution function, the Horizon group damages settlement and the conduct of current or future litigation. ... why have the Government excluded these most important things?" The minister replied that the settlement agreed in December was full and final and therefore excluded from the scope of the inquiry ... the Post Office is not conducting any private prosecutions and has no plans to do so ... only the courts can decide on criminal matters, such as whether to overturn the postmasters' convictions, so it would not be appropriate for the inquiry to look at these questions, especially when the court process is still ongoing.The non-statutory inquiry, now titled The Post Office Horizon IT Inquiry by the government and led by Sir Wyn Williams, began work in autumn 2020 and issued a call for evidence on 1 December 2020. The first public hearing session took place on 15 January 2021. The Justice For Subpostmasters Alliance (JFSA) refused to take part in the inquiry, described it as a whitewash and called for a full public inquiry.Neil Hudgell, of solicitors for subpostmasters said, "Now Post Office officials must face criminal investigation for maliciously ruining lives by prosecuting innocent people in pursuit of profits," and called for the prime minister to convene a judge-led inquiry. After the subpostmasters' successful appeals on both grounds 1 and 2 abuse of process, in an article headed "Calls grow for SRA and police to investigate Post Office lawyers", Hudgell is quoted as saying the Post Office engaged in "legal gymnastics to seek to persuade the court away from finding a clear systematic abuse of process of the criminal law." In the same article, Richard Moorhead said "the SRA and BSB should investigate whether anyone should be held to account amid professional concerns about who was responsible for disclosure issues." Solicitors for subpostmasters wrote to the government (DBEIS) asking it to re-establish the inquiry on a statutory footing and to consult again on the terms of reference. "The department should be called as witnesses under oath, not have effective control of the inquiry," ... "The Post Office wrongly prosecuted so many upstanding pillars of the community and its owners want to mark (their) own homework – that is unconscionable."On 19 May 2021, the government announced that an extended, statutory inquiry into the computer scandal would deliver its conclusions in autumn 2022. Witnesses could now be compelled to give evidence. Scully said he and Sir Wyn had agreed that the context of the events had changed after convictions were quashed and hundreds more were expected to follow. Boris Johnson said:
We must stand with postmasters to get to the bottom of what went wrong in the Post Office Horizon IT dispute. I heard first-hand the irreparable impact it has had on their lives. That's why, in light of the recent Court of Appeal judgment, we're stepping up our independent inquiry by putting it on a statutory footing, so we can get the answers they deserve.
On 19 May 2021, Wyn Williams said that in the following weeks, the inquiry would produce a statement of approach and that, in September 2021, a further statement of approach would set out all relevant details.On 28 July, the government (DBEIS) issued its fourth statement of approach, which included the inquiry terms of reference. After setting out preliminary and organisational matters – the appointment of solicitors and counsel to the inquiry, establishment of a website and of premises, etc., – the statement set out terms of reference, in essence:

A: Understand and acknowledge what went wrong and key lessons that must be learned.
B: Obtain all available relevant evidence from the Post Office, Fujitsu, BEIS and UKGI to establish the failings of Horizon and the Post Office's use of information from Horizon.
C: Assess whether the Post Office has learned and has delivered or made good progress on the changes necessary.
D: Assess whether the commitments made by Post Office Ltd have been properly delivered.
E: Assess whether processes and information provided by the Post Office to postmasters are sufficient.
F: Examine the historical and current governance and whistleblowing controls are now sufficient to ensure that these failures do not happen again."The Inquiry will consider only those matters set out in the preceding sections A-F. The Inquiry will not consider any issue which is outside the scope of the powers conferred upon the Inquiry by the Inquiries Act 2005. The Horizon group damages settlement (albeit the Inquiry may examine the events leading to the settlement), and/or the engagement or findings of any other supervisory or complaints mechanisms, including in the public sector, are outside the Inquiry's scope."
During the non-statutory inquiry, two public hearings were held in early 2021. A preliminary hearing on the provisional List of Issues was held on 8 November 2021. The Human Impact Hearings opened on 14 February 2022, at Juxon House, in the City of London. The Phase Two hearings, covering the Horizon IT System procurement, design, pilot, roll out and modifications, started in October 2022. They were streamed online, as are the later phases of the inquiry. That body also investigated whether the Post Office and ICL's owner, Fujitsu, knew about the faults.
Richard Moorhead made written and oral submissions to the Williams inquiry. Moorhead, in an oral submission to the Williams inquiry, said:If I can end by putting the case metaphorically for a moment. Considering the Horizon saga without considering the lawyering, and without lifting professional privilege, would be a bit like considering Watergate without considering the White House Tapes. Essential, telling, [and] perhaps vital information will be missing. The abuse of power, the injustice, who did it and why, will not be properly understood. Sir, you must, to discharge the Inquiry's remit, you must do the equivalent of listening to the tapes.
Immediately after the November hearing, Williams said he would ask Post Office Limited, IT supplier Fujitsu, the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy and the UK government to waive privilege in respect of material relevant to the inquiry's terms of reference, and he set a deadline for response. On 16 November, Wyn Williams reported that all four parties had responded within the timescale specified and added "The response of POL, on any view, goes a very long way towards meeting the request I made of them. It is clear to me that in respect of many of the most crucial lines of investigation for the Inquiry POL has waived legal professional privilege." The Post Office published its response to the request on 15 November 2021. Government (BEIS) said that it was its "firm position that the inquiry should not be obstructed by the assertion of legal privilege", but the government-owned Post Office was more cautious. It agreed to a limited waiver over relevant material but would maintain privilege over documents relevant to ongoing litigation/remediation activities. The Post Office maintained privilege over documents relevant to the ongoing group litigation claim in the Employment Tribunal. It maintained privilege over legal advice related to the Historical Shortfall Scheme and to current and anticipated claims from individuals whose criminal convictions have been or will be quashed. This could have wide-reaching ramifications for the inquiry; if advice is withheld on the basis that it is relevant to current and anticipated claims from those who have had their convictions quashed, this may lead to gaps in the inquiry.On 13 February 2022, in a report prior to the start of the Wyn Williams hearings, the BBC quoted a prosecuted, jailed and subsequently cleared subpostmaster: "I want someone else to be charged and jailed like I was." This request was later repeated by several other subpostmasters.The inquiry issued an interim report on 17 July 2023. The recommendations were as follows:
The Horizon Compensation Advisory Board (HCAB) should not be prevented from monitoring individual cases
HCAB shall produce written reports in respect of each of their meetings
Membership of HCAB should be increased to ensure that it has sufficient capacity
The government should within 28 days seek directions under section 306 of the Insolvency Act 1986 to ensure that compensation payable to bankrupt claimants is not diverted to insolvency practitioners
The government should publish proposals for ensuring that applicants to all schemes are treated equally and fairly
The government should ensure that legislation is enacted to allow compensation under group litigation orders to be made to applicants after midnight on 7 August 2024
No applications for compensation to the Horizon Shortfall Scheme should be entertained after such date as agreed by the ministerThe government accepted the recommendations in full or in part on 26 October 2023.

 Criminal investigation 
When handing down the Horizon issues judgment in December 2019, Fraser said he had passed a file to the Director of Public Prosecutions relating to evidence given by Fujitsu employees in actions brought by the Post Office. In January 2020, at the request of the Director of Public Prosecutions, the Metropolitan Police initiated a criminal investigation into potential offences of perjury and perverting the course of justice during the investigations and prosecutions carried out by the Post Office. Two former Fujitsu expert witnesses were interviewed under caution. The Metropolitan Police confirmed in January 2024 that they were investigating possible additional offences of fraud in relation to "monies recovered from sub-postmasters as a result of prosecutions or civil actions"; as of January 2024, there had been no arrests.

 Call for reform on digital evidence 
In May 2021, the British Computer Society, a professional body for those working in IT in the UK, called for reconsideration of courts' default presumption that computer data is correct.The presumption that computer evidence is correct is based on a naïve and simplistic understanding of software systems. Large systems are complex and lay people cannot discern whether these systems are reliable or be confident that they can spot errors as they happen. It is difficult even for experts to judge the reliability of systems or detect any but the simplest errors.If the legal system and wider society are to have any confidence in computer evidence the providers of such evidence must be able to demonstrate that they are managing their systems responsibly. This was not the case at the Post Office and Fujitsu. Horizon was not subjected to a full, rigorous system audit. In 2010, senior Post Office management took a decision that Horizon would not be subjected to an independent review because:

If one were commissioned – any investigation would need to be disclosed in court. Although we would be doing the review to comfort others, any perception that POL doubts its own systems would mean that all criminal prosecutions would have to be stayed. It would also beg a question for the Court of Appeal over past prosecutions and imprisonments.
No independent review was conducted until Second Sight was commissioned in 2012, and the contract was terminated abruptly. The Post Office have not offered any evidence that their own internal auditors conducted an appropriate system audit.

 Proposed legislation 

On 10 January 2024 Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announced the government's intention to introduce legislation to exonerate wrongly convicted Post Office branch managers and said there would be a "new upfront payment of £75,000 for some of those affected". However, the new legislation will aim to ensure that any subpostmaster guilty of criminal wrongdoing is still subject to prosecution. Kevin Hollinrake, the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Enterprise, Markets and Small Business, said that all those claiming compensation would have to sign a "statement of truth" to confirm they had not committed the crimes of which they were accused. He explained "Anyone subsequently found to have signed such a statement untruthfully will be putting themselves at risk of prosecution or fraud." Between 1999 and 2015, more than 900 subpostmasters had been prosecuted based on faulty information provided by Horizon, with 700 of those prosecutions brought by the Post Office. By mid-January 2024, 95 of those convictions had been overturned.The BBC described the proposal as 'unprecedented', with a number of possible problems that might make implementation difficult.

 Media 

 Investigative reporting 
A Computer Weekly article in July 2013 listed over 300 articles on the scandal published by the magazine, since it first broke the story in May 2009 with seven case studies. This first article was read by a Welsh BBC reporter, and in May 2009 BBC Wales went on to report that "an investigation by a respected technical journal ... appeared to be calling into question the integrity of the Post Office Horizon system". On 8 September 2009, the jailing of Anglesea subpostmaster Noel Thomas was covered on the S4C current-affairs programme Taro Naw, making the claims of problems with Horizon, and interviewing Alan Bates, Lee Castleton and Jo Hamilton, who had featured in the Computer Weekly article. The programme also uncovered a further nine subpostmasters who had been affected.In November 2010, the husband of Surrey subpostmistress Seema Misra, who had been jailed while pregnant, spoke to Nick Wallis, then the presenter of the breakfast programme on BBC Radio Surrey, who after some research and discovering the prior mentions, used his contacts to get the issue reported on 7 February 2011 on both BBC Radio Surrey, and regional BBC One television current affairs programme Inside Out. Wallis also shared his information with Private Eye magazine, which ran many articles on the scandal, starting in September 2011. A former Fujitsu employee saw the BBC South report and decided to blow the whistle to the JFSA, and later to BBC Panorama.Starting in 2012, other BBC news and current affairs programmes and national newspapers began to cover the scandal, with the Daily Mail in 2015 publishing a double-page spread entitled "Decent lives destroyed by the Post Office".From 2018, former BBC journalist Nick Wallis, following on from his work on Panorama and in Private Eye, started reporting the trial on a specially-set up journalism blog, postofficetrial.com, having raised £9,000 through crowd-funding.In 2020, Private Eye published online a special report co-authored by Richard Brooks and Nick Wallis titled "Justice Lost In The Post". A BBC Radio 4 series about the scandal, The Great Post Office Trial, presented by Nick Wallis and produced by Whistledown Productions, was named "Best News and Factual Radio Programme" in 2020 by the Voice of the Listener & Viewer, and won two gold awards in the 2021 New York Festivals Radio Awards. In November 2021 a book, The Great Post Office Scandal, written by Nick Wallis, was published by Bath Publishing.

 Dramatisation 
A four-part television drama, Mr Bates vs the Post Office, starring Toby Jones as Alan Bates, was broadcast on ITV from 1 January 2024. The drama brought the scandal to the centre of public and political attention. During the period of broadcast, an additional fifty victims contacted lawyers, five of whom seek to get criminal convictions quashed. As of 9 January, it was reported that over a hundred further potential victims had contacted lawyers following the broadcast.Following the broadcast, a petition to strip Vennells of her CBE passed one million signatures. On 9 January 2024, she announced that she would hand back her CBE. However, this will have no formal effect as only the monarch, on the advice of the Honours Forfeiture Committee, can revoke honours.

 See also 
Bates v Post Office Ltd (No 3)
Dutch childcare benefits scandal
Robodebt scheme

 References 

 Bibliography 
Wallis, Nick (2021a). The Great Post Office Scandal (1st ed.). Bath Publishing. ISBN 978-1-9163023-8-9.
Jôb, Aled Gwyn (2023). Llythyr Noel (in Welsh). Gwasg y Bwthyn Cyf. ISBN 978-1913996758.
Jôb, Aled Gwyn (2023a). The Stamp of Innocence. Troubador. ISBN 978-1805143024.

 External links 

 Official 
Post Office Horizon Inquiry – official website
"Post Office Mediation sub-committee". UK Parliament. Archived from the original on 15 December 2019.
"Hamilton & others -v- Post Office Limited". United Kingdom Judiciary. 23 April 2021. – Official finding of the April 2021 appeals, and summary
Timeline of key events in the Horizon scandal and Other pages on the Post Office Corporate site

 Media 
Trouble at the Post Office, BBC Panorama programme, broadcast 17 August 2015
Second Class Citizens: The Post Office IT Scandal, File on 4: BBC Radio 4 documentary, broadcast 16 February 2020
The Great Post Office Trial, BBC Radio 4 documentary series, broadcast 25 May – 5 June 2020
Scandal at the Post Office, BBC Panorama programme, broadcast 8 June 2020
A First Class Scandal, File on 4: BBC Radio 4 documentary, broadcast 15 February 2022
The Post Office Scandal, BBC Panorama programme, broadcast 25 April 2022
Investigating the Post Office Scandal, podcasts by Rebecca Thomson and Nick Wallis, 2022–23

Edwin J. Anderson
Edwin John Anderson (1902 – 1987) was an American businessman and sports executive who held various positions with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL) for nearly 40 years. Anderson is best remembered as the team's president from 1949 to 1960 and general manager from 1958 to 1966.
During Anderson's tenure as a top team executive the Lions won three World Championships — 1952, 1953, and 1957.

 Biography 

 Early years 
Edwin J. Anderson was born August 3, 1902, in Rockford, Illinois. 
He attended Beloit College, from which he graduated in 1927, and where he met his future wife, the former Isabel Bort. The pair were married at the end of March 1928 and initially made their home in Vincennes, Indiana, where Anderson worked as advertising manager of a newspaper.

 Business career 
The Andersons moved to Peoria, Illinois, in 1931 after Anderson became an advertising manager for Altorfer Bros. Company. In 1937, Anderson became the general sales manager for James Barclay and Company.The following year he joined the Goebel Brewing Company as vice president and general sales manager. He was promoted to president of Goebel Brewing in 1941, still only 38 years old, and remained in that role until 1958 when he resigned to focus on his duties with the Lions.Active in volunteer work, Anderson was the chairman of the 1945 Detroit Community Fund and president of the Children's Hospital of Detroit for three years. He was also a member of the board of directors of Lumberman's Mutual Casualty Company and the American Motorist Insurance Company.

 Detroit Lions 
Anderson was a member of the Detroit Football Company – a group of more than 140 Detroit business leaders led by D. Lyle Fife that purchased the money-losing Lions from Fred L. Mandel Jr. on January 16, 1948. Fife resigned as president during the 1949 season and Anderson was chosen to succeed him. Under Anderson's leadership, the Lions' financial fortunes were turned around, with the team making money for the first time in 1951. The team would go on to win three NFL championships and four division titles under Anderson's watch.In 1958, Anderson assumed the role of general manager after Nick Kerbawy left to take the same job with the Detroit Pistons of National Basketball Association.In 1961, Anderson resigned as president after a group of Football Company stockholders, led by Fife, attempted to remove him. William Clay Ford Sr., an Anderson supporter, was selected to take the wheel as president, with Anderson allowed to remain as general manager. This internal struggle ended in 1963 when Ford purchased the team from the other shareholders.In 1964, Russ Thomas took over football operations for the Lions, with Anderson remaining with the team as a vice president.Although effectively out of power with the Lions after 1972, Anderson was a leading force advocating for the team's move from Tiger Stadium to the Pontiac Silverdome in 1975.

 Death and legacy 
Anderson remained with the Lions until his death on February 5, 1987.After his death, Anderson was eulogized in print by Detroit sportswriter George Puskas, who recalled: "Good ol' Andy — few really understood him; fewer still bothered to try. At one and the same time, he was the most successful and most criticized sports boss Detroit has produced. He seemed to invite it. He had an aristocratic bearing in a blue-collar town and it was his lot — his job — to be blamed for everything and credited for little, even as his team won three world championships in six years, in 1952, '53, and '57. Fans loved to hate him. So did some of his players."

 References 

Midtown (band)
Midtown is an American pop-punk band from New Brunswick, New Jersey. Midtown was formed in November 1998 by three Rutgers University students, but quickly became a quartet.  The group released three full-length studio albums and three extended plays before disbanding in 2005. In early 2014, Midtown reunited to play three shows, the first as a secret show at The Knitting Factory in Brooklyn, and the two remaining at the Skate And Surf Festival. They reunited for more shows in 2022 as openers on My Chemical Romance's reunion tour.Midtown have cited numerous bands and artists as influences, including the Get Up Kids, the Promise Ring, Lifetime, Jets to Brazil, Kid Dynamite, Weezer, Lagwagon, Pavement, and Elvis Costello.

 History 
Midtown was formed in 1998 by Rutgers University students Gabe Saporta (vocals/bass), Rob Hitt (drums), and Tyler Rann (guitar/vocals).  The group added Heath Saraceno on guitar/vocals, and used its roots in the New Jersey punk scene to develop a sound that combined elements of pop-punk and punk rock. Midtown began recording shortly after its formation. The band's first EP, The Sacrifice of Life, was released by Pinball Records in 1999, followed by a debut album, Save the World, Lose the Girl, released in early 2000 by the American independent record label Drive-Thru Records. The band was then upstreamed to major label MCA Records for its following album, Living Well Is the Best Revenge (2002).
Midtown's next album, Forget What You Know (2004), was produced while the band was not under contract with a record label and was later picked up by Columbia Records. This was the band's final studio album; they disbanded shortly after its release in 2005. Former frontman Gabe Saporta then became the lead singer of the alternative dance/synthpop band Cobra Starship, which disbanded in November 2015. Former guitarist Heath Saraceno joined the band Senses Fail in 2005 but decided to leave them in 2009 to pursue personal endeavors. Tyler Rann went on to sing for Band of Thieves with some friends but eventually left the music business and now works in the fashion/clothing industry.

 Brief reunions 
On February 17, 2014, Gabriel Saporta announced that Midtown has reunited and performed at the Skate and Surf Festival. On March 9, 2022, My Chemical Romance announced that Midtown would be a supporting act for the US leg of their reunion tour in fall 2022. As well as doing their own headlining shows for their 2022 Resurrection Tour, along with playing at the 2023 Adjacent beach festival in Atlantic City, New Jersey

 Members 
Gabe Saporta – lead vocals, bass guitar (1998–2005, 2014, 2022-Present)
Tyler Rann – vocals, guitars (1998–2005, 2014, 2022-Present)
Heath Saraceno – vocals, guitars (1998–2005, 2014, 2022-Present)
Rob Hitt – drums, percussion (1998–2005, 2014, 2022-Present)
Benjamin Litchman – bass guitar (2023-Present)

 Discography 
Studio albums

Save the World, Lose the Girl (2000)
Living Well Is the Best Revenge (2002)
Forget What You Know (2004)EPs

The Sacrifice of Life (1999)
Donots vs. Midtown Split 7" (2000)
Millencolin/Midtown Split (2001)
New.Old.Rare. (2002)
We’re Too Old To Write New Songs, So Here’s Some Old Songs We Didn’t Write (2023)Compilation appearances

Rock Music: A Tribute to Weezer (2002; "Susanne" by Weezer)
Picking Up the Pieces (2003; acoustic version of "Living in Spite")
Liberation (Songs to Benefit PETA) (2003; "This House Is Not a Home")
Punk Goes Acoustic (2003; acoustic version of "Knew It All Along")
Punk Goes 80s (2005; cover of "Your Love" by The Outfield)

 Post-Midtown projects 
Cobra Starship became the new project of Midtown's bassist and lead singer, Gabe Saporta. Their first single, "Bring It (Snakes on a Plane)", was featured on the soundtrack for the movie Snakes on a Plane. Their first album, While the City Sleeps, We Rule the Streets came out October 2006, their second album ¡Viva La Cobra! came out on October 23, 2007, their third album, Hot Mess, came out on August 11, 2009, and their fourth album, Night Shades, came out on August 29, 2011. The band ultimately broke up on November 10, 2015.
Heath Saraceno played guitar and shared vocal duties in the New Jersey-based rock band Senses Fail until leaving the band after the 2009 Warped Tour. He and Senses Fail drummer, Dan Trapp, have a side-project called The Jettonnes.
Rob Hitt works for Crush Management and also has a record label, I Surrender Records. He shares the label with friend, Ted DiBiase, and has signed I Am The Avalanche, Four Year Strong, Valencia, and Dragonette.
Tyler Rann works in the fashion/clothing industry.

 References 

Alex Matos
Alex Matos (born 3 October 2004) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder or forward for Championship club Huddersfield Town, on loan from Premier League side Chelsea.

 Club career 
Born in Bedford, Matos started his career with Kempston Colts, later joining Luton Town at under-9 level, before joining Norwich City in 2016. Matos can play in attacking midfield, either wing or as a striker. He became a regular for Norwich’s Under-18s during the 2022–23 season. He also made his debut for the Under-21s and scored three goals in the Premier League 2 for the latter.On 1 July 2023, Matos signed for Premier League side Chelsea. The transfer was reported as a free transfer with add-ons.On 2 October 2023, a day before his 19th birthday, Matos made his professional debut in the Premier League match against Fulham. He came off the bench in stoppage time, replacing Enzo Fernández in a 2–0 away victory.On 4 January 2024, Matos signed for Championship club Huddersfield Town on loan until the end of the season.

 International career 
Matos is of Ghanaian descent. He has represented England at under-15 level.

 Career statistics 

 Club 
As of match played 4 November 2023

 References 

Syeda Saira Mohsin
Syeda Saira Mohsin (born 10 September 1960) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and former Member of Parliament in Bangladesh.

 Career 
Mohsin was nominated by Bangladesh Awami League to contest the by-election to Moulvibazar-3 constituency in Rajnagar Upazila and Moulvibazar Sadar Upazila of Moulvibazar District. The seat had fallen vacant after the death of her husband, Syed Mohsin Ali, on 14 September 2015. The nomination was approved by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. She won the election uncontested after Bangladesh Election Commission scrapped the candidacy of all her opponents. She was sworn into office by the Speaker of the Parliament Shirin Sharmin Chaudhury on 7 December 2015.

 Personal life 
Mohsin was married to Bangladesh Awami League politician Syed Mohsin Ali. Her husband was the Minister of Social Welfare. Her husband died on 14 September 2015. In 2017, she received the Independence Day Award on behalf of her late husband who received it posthumously for his role in the Bangladesh Liberation war.

 References 

Mark Crispin
Mark Reed Crispin (July 19, 1956 in Camden, New Jersey – December 28, 2012 in Poulsbo, Washington) is best known as the father of the Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), having invented it in 1985 during his time at the Stanford Knowledge Systems Laboratory. He is the author or co-author of numerous RFCs and was the principal author of UW IMAP, one of the reference implementations of the IMAP4rev1 protocol described in RFC 3501. He also designed the MIX mail storage format.
Crispin earned a B.S. in Technology and Society from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1977.

 Career 
From 1977 to 1988, he was a Systems Programmer at Stanford University. He developed the first production PDP-10 96-bit leader ARPANET Network Control Program (NCP) for the WAITS operating system, and wrote or rewrote most of the WAITS ARPAnet protocol suite. Prior to that time most systems only supported the original 32-bit leader. During that time, he wrote the infamous RFC 748, the only document specifically marked in the RFC index with note date of issue; and a series of Telnet implementations for the Incompatible Timesharing System, WAITS, and TOPS-20 operating systems whose escape behavior was playfully immortalized by Guy Steele in the April 1984 Communications of the ACM as The Telnet Song.In the early 1980s, shortly after becoming the Systems Programmer for the Stanford Computer Science Department's TOPS-20 system, he became interested in electronic mail software and systems; thereafter this became his primary focus. He became the principal developer of the TOPS-20 mailsystem, and reportedly was still running TOPS-20 systems at his residence in 2009. It was at Stanford, in the 1985–88 period, that IMAP was first developed.
From 1988 to 2008, he was a Software Engineer at the University of Washington, where much of the work in developing and popularizing IMAP and building what became UW IMAP was done. He forked UW IMAP into Panda IMAP in May 2008.
While working at UW, Mark was one of the creators of the simple and portable Unix email program Pine, launched in March 1992.In 2005, he wrote RFC 4042, his second April Fools' Day RFC describing UTF-9 and UTF-18, encodings of Unicode optimized for the PDP-10.
In August 2008, Crispin joined Messaging Architects as a Senior Software Engineer. At Messaging Architects, he wrote an entirely new IMAP server based upon a distributed mail store, and extended the MIX format to support stubbing (via a mechanism called virtual mailboxes) and metadata.

 Death 
On 19 November 2012, it was announced that Crispin was terminally ill and in hospice care, and he died on December 28, 2012.In April 2013, Crispin was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Alumni Award in Science and Technology by his alma mater, Stevens Institute of Technology.

 See also 
List of programmers

 References 

 External links 
Mark Crispin (personal home World Wide Web page), Panda, archived from the original on 2006-09-11.

Amenemhat III
See Amenemhat, for other individuals with this name.Amenemhat III (Ancient Egyptian: Ỉmn-m-hꜣt meaning 'Amun is at the forefront'), also known as Amenemhet III, was a pharaoh of ancient Egypt and the sixth king of the Twelfth Dynasty of the Middle Kingdom. He was elevated to throne as co-regent by his father Senusret III, with whom he shared the throne as the active king for twenty years. During his reign, Egypt attained its cultural and economic zenith of the Middle Kingdom.
The aggressive military and domestic policies of Senusret III, which re-subjugated Nubia and wrested power from the nomarchs, allowed Amenemhat III to inherit a stable and peaceful Egypt. He directed his efforts towards an extensive building program with particular focus on Faiyum. Here he dedicated a temple to Sobek, a chapel to Renenutet, erected two colossal statues of himself in Biahmu, and contributed to excavation of Lake Moeris. He built for himself two pyramids at Dahshur and Hawara, becoming the first pharaoh since Sneferu in the Fourth Dynasty to build more than one. Near to his Hawara pyramid is a pyramid for his daughter Neferuptah. To acquire resources for the building program, Amenemhat III exploited the quarries of Egypt and the Sinai for turquoise and copper. Other exploited sites includes the schist quarries at Wadi Hammamat, amethyst from Wadi el-Hudi, fine limestone from Tura, alabaster from Hatnub, red granite from Aswan, and diorite from Nubia. A large corpus of inscriptions attest to the activities at these sites, particularly at Serabit el-Khadim. There is scant evidence of military expeditions during his reign, though a small one is attested at Kumma in his ninth regnal year. He also sent a handful of expeditions to Punt.
Amenemhat III reigned for at least 45 years, though a papyrus fragment from El-Lahun mentioning a 46th year probably dates to his reign as well. Toward the end of his reign he instituted a co-regency with Amenemhat IV, as recorded in a rock inscription from Semna in Nubia, which equates regnal year 1 of Amenemhat IV to regnal year 44 or 46–48 of Amenemhat III. Sobekneferu later succeeded Amenemhat IV as the last ruler of the Twelfth Dynasty.

 Sources 

 Contemporaneous sources 
There are a variety of contemporary sources attesting to the reign of Amenemhat III. Chief among these are the collection of inscriptions left at mining sites throughout Egypt, Nubia, and the Sinai peninsula. His activities in the Sinai are particularly well attested to, spanning regnal years 2 to 45. It is notable though, that the overwhelming majority of these inscriptions originate outside Egypt. He is also well attested to through his statuary with approximately 80 works attributed to him, his building program, particularly concentrated around Faiyum, and the two pyramids that he had built. The Rhind Mathematical Papyrus – one of a limited set of evidence attesting to Egyptian knowledge of mathematics – is also thought to have been originally composed during Amenemhat III's time.

 Historical sources 
The Karnak king list from the Festival Hall of Thutmose III (c. 1479–1425 BC) has a lacuna of two entries between Amenemhat II and Amenemhat IV, though three kings are known to have reigned during this period – Senusret II, Senusret III, and Amenemhat III. In the Abydos king list from the temple of Seti I (c. 1290–1279 BC) in Abydos, Amenemhat III is attested by his praenomen Ni-maat-re in the sixty-fourth entry. His praenomen also occupies the sixty-fourth entry in the king list at the temple of Ramesses II (c. 1279–1213 BC) in Abydos. In the Saqqara Tablet from the tomb of the chief lector priest and chief of works Tjuneroy, Amenemhat III's praenomen occupies the twentieth entry. The Turin Canon has a lacuna in the mid-Twelfth Dynasty preserving no names and only partial reign lengths. The twenty-fifth entry of the fifth column corresponding to Amenemhat III preserves only a regnal length of 40+x years. The entries of his presumed children and immediate successors – Amenemhat IV and Sobekneferu – are near-wholly intact preserving their praenomen and reign lengths.Amenemhat III is also mentioned in Manetho's Aegyptiaca, originally composed circa the 3rd century BC, tentatively dated to the reign of Ptolemy II. The original work is no longer extant, but has persisted through the writings of Josephus, Africanus, Eusebius, and Syncellus. He is accorded a reign of 8 years under the name Λαχάρης (romanized Lacharês / Lamarês) by both Africanus and Eusebius. Syncellus accords him a reign of 43 years under the name Μάρης (romanized Marês) as the thirty-fifth king of Thebes.

 Family 

Amenemhat III was the son of Senusret III, his predecessor on the throne. There is no explicit testimony to this filial relationship, however, the inference can be made from their co-regency. The identity of his mother is unknown. He had several sisters – Menet, Mereret, Senetsenbetes, Sithathor, and a partially known Khnemet-.Two of Amenemhat III's wives are known, Aat and Khenemetneferhedjet III, who were both buried in his Pyramid at Dahshur. Hetepti – the mother of Amenemhat IV – might be another wife. He had one confirmed daughter, Neferuptah, who appears to have been groomed as his successor, owing to her name being enclosed in cartouche. The Egyptologists Aidan Dodson and Dyan Hilton indicate that Neferuptah was originally buried at Amenemhat III's second pyramid at Hawara but was eventually moved to her own pyramid after an early death. The Egyptologist Wolfram Grajetzki contradicts this stating that she was never buried in Hawara, but had possibly outlived her father and was buried elsewhere as a result. Two other children, both of whom reigned as king, are also attributed to Amenemhat III: a son, Amenemhat IV and a daughter, Sobekneferu. It has also been suggested that Amenemhat IV may instead have been a grandson. Evidence of burials of three other princesses – Hathorhotep, Nubhotep, and Sithathor – were found at the Dahshur complex, but it is not clear whether these princesses were Amenemhat III's daughters as the complex was used for royal burials throughout the Thirteenth Dynasty.

 Reign 

 Chronology 
The relative chronology of rulers in the Twelfth Dynasty is considered settled. The Ramesside king lists and the Turin Canon are a significant source in determining the relative chronology of the rulers. The Turin Canon has a lacuna of four lines between Amenemhat I and Amenemhat IV, recording only partial regnal lengths for the four kings – 10+x, 19, 30+x, and 40+x years respectively. The king lists of Seti I and Ramesses II at Abydos and the Saqqara tablet each list Amenemhat III with Senusret III – whose praenomen is Kha-kau-re – as his predecessor and Amenemhat IV – whose praenomen is Maa-kheru-re – as his successor. Instead Egyptological debate has centred on the existence of co-regencies.

 Co-regency 
In his twentieth regnal year, Senusret III elevated his son Amenemhat III to the status of co-regent. The co-regency seems to be established from several indicators, though not all scholars agree and some instead argue for sole reigns for both kings. For the following twenty years, Senusret III and Amenemhat III shared the throne, with Amenemhat III taking the active role as king. It is assumed that Amenemhat III took the primary role as the regnal dates roll over from year 19 of Senusret III to year 1 of Amenemhat III. His reign is attested for at least 45 years, though a papyrus fragment from El-Lahun mentioning 'regnal year 46, month 1 of akhet, day 22' probably dates to his rule as well, since the village was founded by Amenemhat III's grandfather, Senusret II, and no other Twelfth Dynasty ruler after Senusret II reigned for more than 40 years. The highest date might be found on a bowl from Elephantine bearing regnal year 46, month 3 of peret. This attribution is favoured by the Egyptologist Cornelius von Pilgrim, but rejected by the Egyptologist Wolfram Grajetzki who places it in the early Middle Kingdom. In his 30th regnal year, Amenemhat III celebrated his Sed festival which is mentioned in several inscriptions. His reign ends with a brief co-regency with his successor Amenemhat IV. This is evidenced from a rock inscription at Semna which equates regnal year 1 of Amenemhat IV with regnal year 44 or perhaps 46–48 of Amenemhat III.These two kings – Senusret III and Amenemhat III – presided over the golden age of the Middle Kingdom. Senusret III had pursued aggressive military action to curb incursions from tribes people from Nubia. These campaigns were conducted across several years and were brutal against the native populations, including slaughter of men, enslavement of women and children, and the burning of fields. He also sent a military expedition into Syria-Palestine, enemies of Egypt since the reign of Senusret I. His internal policies targeted the increasing power of provincial governors, transferring power back to the reigning monarch. It is disputed whether he dismantled the nomarchical system. Senusret III also formed the basis for the legendary character Sesostris described by Manetho and Herodotus. As a consequence of Senusret III's administrative and military policies, Amenemhat III inherited a peaceful and stable Egypt, which reached its cultural and economic zenith under his direction.

 Military campaigns 
There is very little evidence for military expeditions during Amenemhat III's reign. One rock inscription records a small mission in regnal year nine. It was found in Nubia, near the fortress of Kumma. The short text reports that a military mission was guided by the mouth of Nekhen Zamonth who states that he went north with a small troop and that there were no deaths on the return south. There is a stela dated to regnal 33 that was discovered at Kerma, south of the Third Cataract, discussing the construction of a wall, though this stela must have originated elsewhere as Kerma was beyond Egypt's control at this time.

 Mining expeditions 

Exploitation of the quarries of Egypt and the Sinai for turquoise and copper peaked during his reign. A collection of more than 50 texts were inscribed at Serabit el-Khadim, Wadi Maghara, and Wadi Nasb. The efforts here were so extensive that near-permanent settlements formed around them. The quarries at Wadi Hammamat (schist), Wadi el-Hudi (amethyst), Tura (limestone), Hatnub (alabaster), Aswan (red granite) and throughout Nubia (diorite) were all also exploited. These all translated into an extensive building program, particularly in the development of Faiyum.

 Sinai peninsula 
Amenemhat III's activities in the Sinai peninsula are well-attested. There were expeditions to Wadi Maghara in regnal years 2, 30, and 41–43, with one further expedition in an indiscernible 20 + x year. The temple of Hathor was decorated during the expedition in year 2, which is also the only expedition for which the mining of copper is attested. A related inscription found in Ayn Soukhna suggests that the mission originated from Memphis and perhaps crossed the Red Sea to the peninsula by boat. A single expedition in Wadi Nasb is attested to his 20th regnal year. Between 18 and 20 expeditions to Serabit el-Khadim have been attested to Amenemhat III's reign: in years 2, 4–8, 13, 15, 20, 23, 25, 27, 30, 38, 40, 44, possibly also 18, 29, and 45, alongside a 10 + x and x + 17 years, and there are many inscriptions whose date is indeterminable.

 Egypt 
One inscription dating to year 43 of Amenemhat III's reign comes from Tura and refers to the quarrying of limestone there for a mortuary temple, either that at Dahshur or Hawara. A stela retrieved from the massif of Gebel Zeit, 50 km (31 mi) south of Ras Ghareb, on the Red Sea coast shows activity at the Galena mines there. The stela bears a partial date suggesting that it was inscribed after regnal year 10.Several expeditions to Wadi Hammamat where schist was quarried were recorded. These date to regnal years 2, 3, 19, 20 and 33. Three inscriptions from year 19 note the workforce of labourers and soldiers employed and the outcome of the efforts resulting in ten 2.6 m (8.5 ft) tall seated statues of the king being made. The statues were destined for the Labyrinth at Hawara. A few expeditions were sent to Wadi el-Hudi, south-east of Aswan, at the southern border of Egypt, where amethyst was collected. These enterprises date to regnal years 1, 11, 20, and 28. An expedition was also sent to Wadi Abu Agag, near Aswan, in regnal year 13.

 Nubia 
North-west of Abu Simbel and west of Lake Nasser lie the quarries of Gebel el-Asr in Lower Nubia. The site is best known as the source of diorite for six of Khafre's seated statues. The locale was also a source of gneiss and chalcedony in the Middle Kingdom. The Chalcedony deposits are also known as 'stela ridge' as it was a place where commemorative stelae and votive offerings were left. Nine of these commemorative objects date to the reign of Amenemhat III, specifically regnal years 2 and 4.

 Trade expeditions 
A stela was discovered at Mersa on the Red Sea coast, by Rosanna Pirelli in 2005 that detailed an expedition to Punt during the reign of Amenemhat III. The expedition was organized by chief steward Senbef. Under his direction, two contingents were formed. The first was led by an Amenhotep and bound for Punt to acquire incense. The second led by a Nebesu was sent to the mines referred to as Bia-Punt to procure exotic metals. There were a total of between two and five expeditions organized during Amenemhat III's rule. Two of the stelae recovered from the site are dated indicating activity there in his 23rd and 41st regnal years.

 Building program 
Amenemhat III's building program included monuments in Khatana, Tell el-Yahudiyya, and Bubastis. At Bubastis, Amenemhat III probably built a palace which hosts relief art containing his name. Of note is a relief that depicts Amenemhat III officiating his sed-festival. Further works include the enlargement of the temples to Hathor at Serabit el-Khadim and Ptah in Memphis, the construction of a temple in Quban, and the reinforcement of fortresses at Semna. At Elephantine a fragment of stela bearing a building inscription was found dated to his regnal year 44. A very similar inscription from possibly the same year was found at Elkab, which indicates the extension of a defensive wall built by Senusret II. Another find at Elephantine was a door lintel of the Eleventh Dynasty, where Amenemhat III added an inscription dated to his regnal year 34. Inscriptions with the king's name have also been uncovered at Lisht, Memphis, and Heracleopolis and statues of the king were found in Thebes. No site, however, received as much attention as Faiyum, with which Amenemhat III is most closely associated.In Faiyum, Amenemhat built a huge temple dedicated to Sobek at Kiman Faras. He dedicated a chapel to Renenutet at Medinet Madi. This small temple with three chapels is the best preserved of his temple works. It was built toward the end of his reign and completed by his successor, Amenemhat IV. In Biahmu, he built a massive structure with two colossal 12 m (39 ft) tall seated quartzite statues of himself. These face Lake Moeris, for which he is credited with excavating, although how much of this work was conducted by Amenemhat III is unknown. The work on Lake Moeris had been inaugurated by Senusret II to link the Faiyum Depression with Bahr Yussef. This project reclaimed land downstream at the edges of Lake Moeris allowing it to be farmed. A naturally formed valley 16 km (9.9 mi) long and 1.5 km (0.93 mi) wide was converted into a canal to link the depression with Bahr Yussef. The canal was cut to a depth of 5 m (16 ft) and given sloped banks at a ratio of 1:10 and an average inclination of 0.01° along its length. It is known as Mer-Wer or the Great Canal. The area continued to be used until 230 BC when the Lahun branch of the Nile silted up. Amenemhat III kept close watch on the inundation levels of the Nile, as demonstrated by inscriptions left at Kumma and Semna. The Nile level peaked in his regnal year 30 at 5.1 m (17 ft), but was followed by a dramatic decline so that it measured 0.5 m (1.6 ft) by regnal year 40. The most enduring of his works are the two pyramids that he built for himself, the first king since Sneferu in the Fourth Dynasty to build more than one. His pyramids are in Dahshur and Hawara.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Pyramids 

 Dahshur 

The construction of the pyramid at Dahshur, the 'Black Pyramid' (Egyptian language: Sḫm Ỉmn-m-hꜣt meaning 'Amenemhat is Mighty' or Nfr Ỉmn-m-hꜣt meaning 'Amenemhat is Beautiful'/'Perfect One of Amenemhat') began in the first year of Amenemhat III's reign. The pyramid core was constructed entirely of mudbrick and stabilized through the building of a stepped core rather than with a stone framework. The structure was then encased by 5 m (16 ft; 9.5 cu) thick, fine white Tura limestone blocks held together by wooden dove-tail pegs. The pyramid was given a base length of 105 metres (344 ft; 200 cu) that was inclined towards the apex at between 54°30′ to 57°15′50″ reaching a height of 75 m (246 ft; 143 cu) for a total volume of 274,625 m3 (9,698,300 cu ft). The apogee of the structure was crowned, seemingly, by a grey granite pyramidion 1.3 m (4.3 ft) high. This now resides in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo, catalogued as JE 35133. The pyramidion had a band of hieroglyphic text running on all four of its sides. That the name of Amun has been erased on the pyramidion can only be the result of Akhenaten's proscription against the god.
In front of the pyramid, lay a mortuary temple of simple design comprising an offering hall and an open columned courtyard. Surrounding the complex were two mudbrick enclosing walls. From the mortuary temple an open, mudbrick walled causeway led to the valley temple. Beneath the pyramid was built a substructure with an intricate series of passages and chambers, with burial chambers for the king and two queens. The two queens, Aat and an unidentified queen, were buried here and their remains were recovered from their chambers. The king, though, was not buried here. Shortly after the completion of the pyramid superstructure, in around Amenemhat III's 15th regnal year, the substructure began to buckle with cracks appearing inside as a result of groundwater seepage. Rushed efforts were made to prevent the structure collapsing, which were successful, but just as Sneferu had decided to do with his Bent Pyramid, Amenemhat III chose to build a new one.

 Hawara 
The second pyramid is at Hawara (Egyptian language: Uncertain, possibly ꜥnḫ Ỉmn-m-hꜣt 'Amenemhat Lives'), in the Faiyum Oasis. This pyramid project was begun around Amenemhat III's 15th regnal year, after problems with the Dahshur pyramid persisted. The choice of Hawara suggests that the cultivation of Faiyum was complete and that Amenemhat III was diverting resources to that area. The pyramid had a core constructed entirely of mudbrick encased in fine white Tura limestone. The pyramid had a base length of between 102 m (335 ft; 195 cu) and 105 m (344 ft; 200 cu) with a shallower inclination of between 48° and 52° up to a peak height 58 m (190 ft; 111 cu) for a total volume of 200,158 m3 (7,068,500 cu ft). The shallower inclination angle was a step taken to guard against the threat of a collapse and avoid a repeat of the failure at Dahshur. Inside the substructure, builders took further precautions, such as lining chamber pits with limestone. The burial chamber was chiselled out of a single quartzite block measuring 7 m (23 ft) by 2.5 m (8.2 ft) by 1.83 m (6.0 ft) and weighing over 100 t (110 short tons).Before the pyramid lay a mortuary temple, that has been identified as "the Labyrinth" which Classical travellers such as Herodotus and Strabo referred to and which was said to have inspired the 'Labyrinth of Minos'. The temple was destroyed in antiquity and can only be partially reconstructed. Its floorplan covered an estimated 28,000 m2 (300,000 sq ft). According to Strabo's account, the temple contained as many rooms as there were nomes in Egypt, while Herodotus wrote about being led 'from courtyards into rooms, rooms into galleries, galleries into more rooms, thence into more courtyards'. A limestone statue of Sobek and another of Hathor were discovered here as were two granite shrines each containing two statues of Amenemhat III. A north-south oriented perimeter wall enclosed the entire complex which thus measured 385 m (1,263 ft) by 158 m (518 ft). The causeway has been identified near the south-west corner of the complex, but neither it nor the valley temple have been investigated.

 Neferuptah 
The pyramid of Neferuptah was built 2 km (1.2 mi) south-east of Amenemhat III's Hawara pyramid. It was excavated by Nagib Farag and Zaky Iskander in 1956. The superstructure of the pyramid is near completely lost and the substructure was found full of groundwater, but her burial was otherwise undisturbed including both her sarcophagus and funerary equipment.

 Sculpture 
Amenemhat III and Sensuret III are the best attested rulers of the Middle Kingdom by number of statues, with about 80 statues that can be assigned to the former. The sculpture of Amenemhat III continued the tradition of Senusret III, though it pursued a more natural and expressive physiognomy, while retaining an idealized image. A wide range of stones were used for the sculpture of the king, include white limestone, obsidian, chalcedony and copper alloy. Furthermore, the king introduced new and re-interpreted types of sculptures, many of which were inspired by far older works. Two broad facial types can be assigned to Amenemhat III. An expressive style in which the face of the king has its musculature, bone structure, and furrows clearly marked. This style is evidently inspired by the sculpture of Senusret III. A humanized style in which the face is simplified with few or no folds or furrows and averse to sharp transitions between features. These have a generally softer, more youthful expression.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Officials 
The vizier Kheti (H̱ty) held office around year 29 of Amenemhat III's reign, as is attested on a papyrus from el-Lahun. The papyrus is a business document authored by the vizier in his office discussing payment of two brothers named Ahy-seneb (Ỉhy-snb) for their services. At that time one brother, Ahy-seneb Ankh-ren (ꜥnḫ-rn), was an 'assistant to the treasurer', yet on a later papyrus containing his will, dated to year 44 of Amenemhat III's reign, he had become the 'director of works'. This latter papyrus contains two dates: year 44, month II of Shemu, day 13 and year 2, month II of Akhet, day 18. The latter date refers to the reign of either Amenemhat IV or Sobekneferu. There is one other hieratic text and also a limestone table on which Ahy-seneb Ankh-ren is attested. The other brother, Ahy-seneb Wah (Wꜣḥ), was a wab-priest and 'superintendent of priestly orders of Sepdu, lord of the East'.A further vizier datable to the reign was Ameny (Ỉmny). Ameny is attested on two rock inscriptions from Aswan. The first found by Flinders Petrie on the road between Philae and Aswan, and the second found by Jacques de Morgan on the right bank of the river nile between Bar and Aswan. The inscriptions bear the names of his family members, including his wife Sehotepibre Nehy (Sḥtp-ỉb-rꜥ Nḥy) who is also attested on a stela in Copenhagen National Museum.Khnumhotep (H̱nmw-ḥtp) was an official that held office for at least three decades from Senusret II's first regnal year through to Amenemhat III's reign. At the beginning of Senusret II's reign he was a chamberlain, but by the end of his life he held both the office of vizier and chief steward. His tomb in Dahshur also attests to many other titles including 'high official', 'royal seal-bearer', 'chief lector-priest', 'master of secrets', and 'overseer of the city'.The treasurer Ikhernofret (Y-ẖr-nfrt) was still in office in the early years of the king's reign, as is demonstrated by a funerary stela in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. This official is among the best attested for the Middle Kingdom, though there is little known of his family. His funerary stela is dated to Amenemhat III's first regnal year and bears his name along with three of his titles: 'sealbearer of the King of Lower Egypt', 'sole friend of the king', and 'treasurer'. The treasurer is mentioned on the funerary stela of an Ameny (Ỉmny) 'chief of staff of the bureau of the vizier'. The latter part of the stela tells of the attendance of Ikhernofret and Sasetet (Sꜣ-sṯt) at a feast in Abydos at the instruction of Senusret III after a campaign against Nubia in his regnal year 19. Ameny is also mentioned on the 'stela of Sasetet' dating to the first year of Amenemhat III, where he still held the same position. Sasetet holds the title 'chief of staff of the bureau of the treasurer' in that stela.Another treasurer under Amenemhat III is Senusretankh (S-n-wsrt-ꜥnḫ), who is known from his recently uncovered mastaba at Dahshur, near the pyramid of Senusret III. The surviving fragments of a red granite offering table recovered from the tomb bear the birth and throne names of Amenemhat III. The table further bears numerous other epithets and titles with which the owner connects himself to the king.Another chief steward, Senbef (Snb=f) is known from an expedition stela found at Mersa and from a papyrus document. The stela contains an image of Amenemhat III presenting offerings to the god Min. Behind the king stands another official, Nebsu (Nbsw) the 'Overseer of the Cabinet of the Head of the South', effectively meaning that he was the head of a workforce. Beneath the image are inscriptions recording two expeditions to Punt alongside the names of the expedition leaders. The leads of the two expeditions are Nebsu himself and his brother Amenhotep (Ỉmn-htp), holding the title of 'scribe in charge of the seal of the treasury'.

 See also 
List of pharaohs

 Notes 

 References 

 Bibliography 

 External links 

Amenemhat (III) Nimaatre
The Pyramid of Amenemhet III from Talking Pyramids

List of awards and nominations received by The Simpsons
The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom that debuted on December 17, 1989, on the Fox network. The show is the longest-running prime time scripted television series in the United States. It has won many different awards, including 36
Emmy awards, 34 Annie Awards, nine Environmental Media Awards, twelve Writers Guild of America Awards, six Genesis Awards, eight People's Choice Awards, three British Comedy Awards, among other awards. Episodes of the show have won 12 Emmys in the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming less than One Hour) category. However, The Simpsons has never been nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series, although the show was submitted in the category in 1993 and 1994. James L. Brooks, an executive producer on the show, won twelve Emmys for The Simpsons as well as ten for other shows and holds the record for most Primetime Emmys won by a single person, with 22, The Simpsons was the first animated series to be given a Peabody Award, won a second Peabody in 2020, and in 2000 the Simpson family was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. As of 2022, The Simpsons have received a total of 100 Emmy nominations.
The Simpsons Movie, released in 2007, was nominated for several major awards, including a Golden Globe Award, while The Longest Daycare, a short film released in 2012, became the franchise's first production to be nominated for an Academy Award.
The Simpsons also holds two world records from the Guinness World Records: Longest-Running Primetime Animated Television Series and Most Guest Stars Featured in a Television Series.

 Awards for The Simpsons 

 Annie Awards 
First awarded in 1972, the Annie Awards are given exclusively to animated programs. The Simpsons has won 34 Annies, including 12 straight in the Best Animated Television Production category and winning in 2015 and 2016 for Best General Audience Animated TV/Broadcast Production.

 denotes nominated works with awards pending presentation and announcement

 British Comedy Awards 
The Simpsons has won three British Comedy Awards. Matt Groening also won a special award for Outstanding Contribution to Comedy in 2004.

 Primetime Emmy Awards 
The Simpsons has won 36 Primetime Emmy Awards in four categories, but has been nominated for 78 awards in nine different categories. Two of these nominations were for "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire", which was nominated in 1990 as a separate cartoon because officially it is considered a TV special and not a part of the series, however it is included in these statistics. The show's best year was 1992, when it won six Emmys, all for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance. Until 2009, the Outstanding Voice-Over Performance Emmy was awarded by a committee, so there were no nominations.The Simpsons has been nominated for Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming less than One Hour) every year except 1993, 1994 and 2014. 1993 marked the first year that the producers of The Simpsons did not submit episodes for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming less than One Hour) Primetime Emmy Award. Prior to 1993, the series had only been allowed to compete in the animation category, but in early 1993 the rules were changed so that animated television shows would be able to submit nominations in the Outstanding Comedy Series category. The producers submitted "A Streetcar Named Marge" and "Mr. Plow" but the Emmy voters were hesitant to pit cartoons against live action programs, and The Simpsons did not receive a nomination. Several critics saw the show's failure to gain a nomination as one of the biggest snubs for that year. The Simpsons' crew again submitted episodes for "Outstanding Comedy Series" the next season, but these again were not nominated. Since then, the show has submitted episodes in the animation category.

 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming less than One Hour) 

 Outstanding Voice-Over Performance 

In 2014, the award was split into two different categories, Outstanding Character Voice-Over Performance and Outstanding Narrator.  Nominations and wins in 2014 and after are in the Character Voice-Over category.

 Outstanding Music and Lyrics 

 Outstanding Music Composition for a Series (Dramatic Underscore) 

 Outstanding Music Direction 

 Outstanding Main Title Theme Music 

 Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy Series or a Special 

 Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series (Half-Hour) and Animation 

 Outstanding Editing for a Miniseries or a Special 

 Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation 

 Environmental Media Awards 
The Simpsons has won nine Environmental Media Awards. All of the wins and most of their nominations were in the Best Television Episodic Comedy category, including 2016 for "Teenage Mutant Milk-Caused Hurdles" but the series received a nomination for the Turner Award in 2005, which is given to "the scripted, primetime television episode that best deals with the issue of population growth and responsibility".

 Genesis Awards 
The Genesis Awards are given out annually by the Humane Society of the United States "to the news and entertainment media for shining that spotlight into the darkest corners of animal abuse and exploitation."

 Golden Reel Awards 
The Golden Reel Awards are presented annually by the Motion Picture Sound Editors. The Simpsons has been nominated in the Best Sound Editing in Television Animation – Music category five times. In 1998, the show was nominated for Best Sound Editing – Television Animated Specials, and won.

 People's Choice Awards 

 Writers Guild of America Awards 
The Simpsons has won thirteen Writers Guild of America Awards. The Animation category was introduced in 2003, and although the Futurama episode "Godfellas" won it in 2003, The Simpsons began to dominate the category, winning the award from 2004 to 2010 and 2012 to 2015, receiving a total of 57 nominations in the category. In 2008, three of the series' writers received a nomination for Video game writing. In 2009, the writers received their first nomination in the comedy series category. In 2011, the show's writers received two nominations in the category, and lost the award to Futurama's "The Prisoner of Benda". In 2012 the show received four nominations, and Joel H. Cohen won his second WGA award for "Homer the Father". In 2013 the show received three nominations, and Jeff Westbrook won his third WGA award for "Ned 'n' Edna's Blend Agenda".  In 2014 the show received three nominations and Joel H. Cohen won his third WGA award for "A Test Before Trying".  In 2015 Brian Kelley won for "Brick Like Me".  In 2019 Stephanie Gillis won for "Bart’s Not Dead". In 2020 Dan Vebber won for "Thanksgiving of Horror".  In 2005 Don Payne won the Paul Selvin Award for "Fraudcast News".
In 2006, long time writers Al Jean and Mike Reiss were given the Animation Writers Caucus Animation Award which is given to writers that "advanced the literature of animation in film and/or television through the years and who has made outstanding contributions to the profession of the animation writer." In 2010 long-time writer Mike Scully received this award, and in 2012 series creator Matt Groening received the award.  In 2013, series co-developer and long-time Executive Producer Sam Simon received this honor.

 Animation 

 Comedy series 

 Paul Selvin award 

 Video game writing 

 Other awards 
In 1997, The Simpsons became the first animated series to win a Peabody Award, and won it "for providing exceptional animation and stinging social satire, both commodities which are in extremely short supply in television today." In 2020 The Simpsons won a Peabody Institutional Award.  In 2000, The Simpsons were given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. This applies to The Simpsons in person, not the series. The star is located at 7021 Hollywood Blvd.The Simpsons has never won a Golden Globe Award, but was nominated in 2002 in the Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy category, which it would lose to Curb Your Enthusiasm. In 1998, the series was nominated for a British Academy Television Awards in the Best International Programme Or Series category, but would lose to The Larry Sanders Show. In 1996, the "Homer³" segment of "Treehouse of Horror VI" was awarded the Ottawa International Animation Festival grand prize.

 Awards for The Simpsons Movie 
The Simpsons Movie was released on July 27, 2007, and has been a financial success, grossing over $500,000,000 worldwide.

 Awards for The Longest Daycare 
The Longest Daycare is a 3D, short film starring Maggie Simpson, which was shown prior to screenings of Ice Age: Continental Drift, on July 13, 2012, in the United States.

 References 
General"Primetime Emmy Awards Advanced Search". Emmys.org. Archived from the original on April 3, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2007.
"Awards for "The Simpsons"". Internet Movie Database. Retrieved October 17, 2007.Specific

 External links 
"Awards for "The Simpsons"". Internet Movie Database.
"Awards for "The Simpsons Movie"". Internet Movie Database.

Interstate 73
Interstate 73 (I-73) is a north–south Interstate Highway, located within the US state of North Carolina. Currently, there is one continuous section of I-73, totaling 93.5 miles (150.5 km), first traversing the U.S. Route 220 (US 220) freeway 70 miles (110 km) from Ellerbe, North Carolina, to I-85 in Greensboro, North Carolina, then along the southwestern segment of the Greensboro Outer Loop 12 miles (19 km) from US 220 to Bryan Boulevard, then 9.5 miles (15.3 km) along a freeway from Bryan Boulevard west then north to US 220 near Summerfield, North Carolina.I-73 was planned to be a much longer corridor, defined by various federal laws to run from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, to Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. North Carolina continues to build sections of the route, while South Carolina plans to start in 2024. However, once active projects are completed, it will only run from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina to Roanoke, Virginia, where it will end at I-81. Michigan is not planning to build the interstate as they abandoned the I-73 project after June 12, 2001, diverting the funds to safety improvement projects along the corridor instead. Ohio does not plan to build any part of the highway because the I-73 corridor in that state is already served by existing freeways or four-lane highways that will eventually be upgraded to freeways. However, there has been a renewed push for the extension of I-73 corridor within the state. West Virginia is building its section, mostly along US 52, as a four-lane divided highway, but not meeting the Interstate Highway standards, and Virginia does not plan to fund the construction of the interstate in the foreseeable future.
Associated with these plans are those for the extension of I-74 from Cincinnati to Myrtle Beach, with several highway overlaps contemplated.

 Route description 

 North Carolina 

As of 2024, I-73 begins south of Ellerbe, in concurrency with I-74 and U.S. Highway 220 (US 220), to north of Asheboro. I-73 and I-74 travel north through northern Richmond County and into eastern Montgomery County. In Montgomery County, the Interstates pass between the county's eastern border and the Uwharrie National Forest. The freeway enters Randolph County and passes just west of Asheboro. In Randleman, I-74 splits northwest toward High Point and Winston-Salem. North of the I-74 split, I-73 passes over Randleman Lake, a reservoir formed by the blocking of the Deep River and passes into Guilford County. Entering Greensboro, it ends its concurrency with US 220 as it goes northwest along the Greensboro Urban Loop with US 421 after a brief parallel with I-85. At its connection with I-40, US 421 continues north (or geographically west) with I-40 to Winston-Salem, while I-73 continues and I-840 begins. At the Bryan Boulevard exit, I-73 separates from I-840, the latter continuing northeast along the loop. Meanwhile, I-73 turns westward, passing Piedmont Triad International Airport and continuing until it crosses NC 68. The road then resumes its northward direction, stretching eight miles (13 km) before reconverging with US 220 near the Haw River. It then proceeds four miles (6.4 km) further north along a newly widened stretch of US 220 to another interchange with NC 68 which was completed in December 2017 but not signed as I-73 until March 2018.

 History 
In 1979, K.A. Ammar, a businessperson from Bluefield, West Virginia, started the Bluefield-to-Huntington Highway Association in order to widen US 52, a very dangerous two-lane road used to transport coal from mines to barges on the Ohio River. With coal employment in decline and the desire to bring in other businesses, Ammar worked to get the road improved. In 1989, Bluefield State College Professor John Sage learned of plans to add more Interstate Highways. Ammar and Sage came up with the idea for a road that would be called I-73, to run from Detroit, Michigan, to Charleston, South Carolina. Ammar and others promoted the idea to the people of Portsmouth, Ohio, and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.In 1991, as Congress worked on reauthorization of the Surface Transportation Act, the people from West Virginia worked to get I-73 approved; the highway would run alongside US 52. The influential Robert Byrd, at the time West Virginia's senior senator, chaired the Senate Appropriations Committee, but even Byrd said funding for such a highway would be hard to find. In North Carolina, Marc Bush of the Greensboro Area Chamber of Commerce admitted the plan would benefit his area but said it was not a priority.The Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (ISTEA) defined High Priority Corridor 5, the "I-73/74 North–South Corridor" from Charleston, South Carolina, through Winston-Salem, North Carolina, to Portsmouth, Ohio, to Cincinnati, Ohio, and Detroit, Michigan. This would provide for a single corridor from Charleston, splitting at Portsmouth, with I-74 turning west to its current east end in Cincinnati, and I-73 continuing north to Detroit.
In North Carolina, any new construction would require more money than the state had available, but Walter C. Sprouse Jr., executive director of the Randolph County Economic Development Corporation, pointed out that most of the route of I-73 included roads already scheduled for improvements that would make them good enough for interstate designation. A connector between I-77 and US 52 at Mount Airy was planned, and US 52 from Mount Airy to Winston-Salem and US 311 from Winston-Salem to High Point were four-lane divided highways. A US 311 bypass of High Point was planned, which would eventually connect to US 220 at Randleman. I-73 would follow US 220 to Rockingham. Another possibility was following I-40 from Winston-Salem to Greensboro. Congestion on US 52 in Winston-Salem was anticipated to be an issue. The route through High Point was approved in May 1993.However, by November of that year, an organization called Job Link, made up of business leaders from northern North Carolina and southern Virginia, wanted a major highway to connect Roanoke with the Greensboro area. It could be I-73, the group said, but did not have to be. In April 1995, John Warner, who chaired the Senate subcommittee that would select the route of I-73, announced his support for the Job Link proposal. This distressed Winston-Salem officials who were counting on I-73, though Greensboro had never publicly sought the road. But an aide to US Senator Lauch Faircloth said the 1991 law authorizing I-73 required the road to go through Winston-Salem. Faircloth got around this requirement, though, by asking Warner to call the highway to Winston-Salem I-74. In May, Warner announced plans to propose legislation that made the plan for two Interstates official.The National Highway System Designation Act of 1995 added a branch from Toledo, Ohio, to Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, via the US 223 and US 127 corridors. (At the time, US 127 north of Lansing was part of US 27.) It also gave details for the alignments in West Virginia, Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. I-73 and I-74 were to split near Bluefield, joining again between Randleman and Rockingham; both would end at Charleston. The American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) approved the sections of I-73 and I-74 south of I-81 in Virginia (with I-74 to end at I-73 near Myrtle Beach) on July 25, 1996, allowing for them to be marked once built to Interstate standards and connected to other Interstate Highways. The final major change came with the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century of 1998 (TEA-21), when both routes were truncated to Georgetown, South Carolina.
North Carolina took the lead in signing highways as I-73 following AASHTO's approval and since has finished and approved construction projects to build new sections of the Interstate Highway. As of 2018, the route is signed along 101.1 miles (162.7 km) of freeway from the intersection of US 220 and NC 68 north of Greensboro to three miles (4.8 km) south of Ellerbe and an additional nine miles (14 km) is complete but not signed south of Rockingham. The only other progress in building I-73 can be seen in Virginia and South Carolina. In 2005, Virginia completed an environmental impact statement (EIS) for its recommended route for I-73 from I-81 in Roanoke to the North Carolina border. The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) approved the EIS report in April 2007. Virginia can now go ahead to draw up plans to construct the highway and proceed to build it once funds are obtained. South Carolina also has shown recent interest in building its section of I-73 with a corridor selected for the route from I-95 to Myrtle Beach in 2006 and a final decision on how the highway should be routed north of I-95 to the North Carolina border in July 2007. In January 2006, the South Carolina state legislature introduced bills to construct I-73 as a toll highway. It is hoped a guaranteed stream of revenue will allow it to build its section of I-73 within 10 years. The FHWA approved South Carolina's proposal on August 10, 2007.On January 9, 2019, it was announced that the North Carolina Department of Transportation's (NCDOT) State Transportation Improvement Program for 2020 to 2029 included connecting I-73 with US 74 six years sooner than planned. A $146.1-million contract was awarded for the 7.2 miles (11.6 km) of four-lane freeway with "substantial completion" by late 2023.Ohio and Michigan both abandoned further environmental studies on their portions of I-73. Most of the I-73 corridor in both of these states follows existing freeways or highways scheduled to be upgraded to freeways under plans that predate I-73.

 Future 

 South Carolina 

I-73 and I-74 both will begin at Myrtle Beach. I-73 splits to the northwest to Rockingham, North Carolina.
Future I-73 will traverse northeastern South Carolina, from the Grand Strand to Bennettsville. The current alignment will replace South Carolina Highway 22 (SC 22) and run parallel north of US 501 and SC 38. In June 2017, the US Army Corps of Engineers approved permits required to build I-73. Now funding needs to be acquired, which may make I-73 a toll road in South Carolina.On May 30, 2006, the South Carolina Department of Transportation (SCDOT) announced its preferred routing of I-73 between Myrtle Beach and I-95. I-73 will begin where SC 22 starts at US 17 near Briarcliffe Acres. It will then proceed northwesterly, crossing the proposed routing of I-74 (currently SC 31, the Carolina Bays Parkway). After passing Conway, I-73 will leave SC 22 at a new interchange to be constructed two miles (3.2 km) west of US 701 and will then use a new highway to be built between SC 22 and SC 917 north of Cool Spring. I-73 will then use an upgraded SC 917 to cross the Little Pee Dee River. It will then proceed on a new freeway alignment between SC 917 and I-95 that would have an interchange with US 76 west of Mullins and then would proceed northwesterly to an exit with US 501 near Latta, passing that city to the south before intersecting I-95 near SC 38. After crossing I-95, I-73 will use the chosen middle route, one of six potential alternative corridors that were studied all of which roughly paralleling SC 38 to proceed further north to the North Carolina state line. These alternative corridors were formally announced to the public on September 7, 2006, at a meeting in Bennettsville. The number of possible routes was reduced to three, and a final decision on the preferred northern route was announced on July 19, 2007. The central route caused the least disruption to homes, farms, and wetlands. NCDOT and SCDOT previously agreed to an I-73 corridor crossing the state line along SC 38 and NC 38 near Hamlet, North Carolina, on February 11, 2005. Previously, I-73 had been planned to cross the state line further west, near US 1 south of Rockingham, North Carolina.In February 2008, the record of decision (ROD) for the final EIS for the section of I-73 from I-95 to SC 22 was signed. An October 22, 2008, ceremony marked the signing of the ROD for the section from near Hamlet to I-95.On November 7, 2011, Myrtle Beach city council member Wayne Gray asked area elected officials to consider using Road Improvement and Development Effort (RIDE) funds to pay for a portion of I-73.In June 2012, Miley and Associates of Columbia recommended improvements to SC 38 and US 501 to create the Grand Strand Expressway (GSX), a position long held by the Coastal Conservation League, which asked for the study. South Carolina Representative Alan D. Clemmons, head of the National I-73 Corridor Association, said such a plan had been considered but was not likely. Nancy Cave of the Coastal Conservation League reiterated support for upgrading SC 38 and US 501, along with US 521 and SC 9, after results of a new study were presented at an August 1, 2012, meeting of the Myrtle Beach Area Chamber of Commerce. The study claimed that 90,000 people could leave the area 10 hours faster in an evacuation with I-73 and Southern Evacuation Lifeline (SELL) both in place.The "I-73 Intermediate Traffic and Revenue Study" by C&M Associates, dated February 2016, was to be presented to state transportation officials March 24, 2016 and included upgrades to SC 22. RIDE III, if approved by voters, would also provide funding for the Southern Evacuation Lifeline, a proposed 28-mile (45 km) limited-access highway which would start at the western terminus of SC 22 with US 501 and allow a more direct route west from the southern Strand, while simultaneously, along with SC 22, completing a beltway around the Myrtle Beach area. Voters subsequently approved RIDE III in November 2016.Interest in I-73 was renewed in early 2021 due in part to the announcement of the American Jobs Plan. Two years later in September 2023, SCDOT announced that Phase I of the project, which would connect I-95 in Dillon County to US 501 south of Latta, would be "shovel ready" by the new year. They also announced that had begun right-of-way purchasing within Horry County from the Little Pee Dee River to the eventual connecting point for I-73 and SC 22.

 Virginia 

Future I-73 is planned to connect Martinsville and Roanoke, then head west to Blacksburg before entering West Virginia.
In Virginia, I-73 will continue north from the state line parallel to the US 220 corridor all the way to Roanoke. US 220 is currently a rural four-lane highway with many safety issues. As such, Virginia has decided to have I-73 immediately diverge from US 220 upon entering the state from North Carolina and travel around the east side of Martinsville, with US 220 as a freeway around the west side of Martinsville. The two will meet briefly south of Rocky Mount. I-73 will continue its northbound journey paralleling US 220 to the east until they converge south of Roanoke. At that point, I-73 and US 220 will run concurrently to I-581, which I-73 will follow to I-81. Signs that say "Future I-73 Corridor" can be found along I-581.If I-73 is extended northward, from Roanoke, it will turn southwest on I-81, running concurrently to east of Blacksburg and then using the Virginia Smart Road to Blacksburg. The rest of the way to West Virginia will be an upgrade of US 460, Corridor Q of the Appalachian Development Highway System.
The Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) has ran studies on this corridor, but its construction now has very low priority compared to other projects in the state. Additionally, funding for the route was used for other more urgent projects.

 West Virginia 

Future I-73 is planned to enter, from Virginia, near Bluefield and then go northwesterly along the King Coal Highway to Huntington.
I-73 will continue next to US 460 (Corridor Q) from the Virginia state line west to Bluefield. There it will join with I-74, which splits from I-77 just across the border from Virginia. For the rest of its path through West Virginia, from Bluefield to Huntington and Ohio, I-73 will follow US 52, which is currently being upgraded to a four-lane divided highway as the King Coal Highway to Williamson and the Tolsia Highway the rest of the way to Huntington. This section has been sporadically marked as the Future I-73/I-74 Corridor with signs but is not being built to Interstate standards.

 Ohio 

Future I-73 is planned to parallel US 52 to Portsmouth, then north with US 23 through Columbus and Toledo.
In Ohio, I-73 was planned to parallel US 52 to Portsmouth. A four-lane controlled highway known as the Portsmouth Bypass was under construction. When completed in 2019, this bypass runs from US 52 to US 23, along State Route 823 (SR 823) just north of Lucasville. I-73 and I-74 would continue north to SR 32, where I-74 would split from I-73, and I-73 would head north along US 23 the rest of the way through Columbus to Toledo and the Michigan state line. The part from Portsmouth to Columbus is Corridor C of the Appalachian Development Highway System. In Columbus, I-73 would most likely follow SR 315 through Columbus. In Toledo, I-73 would likely follow I-280's alignment and likely route along I-475 before branching off with US 23 into Michigan. However, routes in the Columbus and Toledo areas have not yet been officially determined. Ohio has abandoned further study of the I-73 corridor, since the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT) plans to eventually upgrade the US 23/US 52 corridor from Toledo to Portsmouth to a freeway. Nonetheless, the option to designate the corridor as I-73 once all upgrades are complete remains open, contingent upon what happens with the connecting route in West Virginia.On February 5, 2009, the Governor Ted Strickland proposed allowing tolls to be collected on newly built sections of highway. One of the proposed routes includes the Columbus–Toledo corridor, which is currently served by US 23 as an expressway largely without limited access.
A new project has been initiated by ODOT to complete a study of the US 23 corridor between the village of Waldo and I-270. The goal of this project is to create a free-flow connection between Columbus and Toledo. Some of the alternatives to be explored include upgrading the existing alignment or creating new corridors to US 33 to the west or I-71 to the east of the current corridor. There are no plans to sign this as an Interstate Highway at this time. However, there has a renewed push for the extension of both I-73 and I-74 in the state since 2022.

 Michigan 

Future I-73 was planned to go northwesterly to Jackson then go north with US 127 to Grayling. From there, the corridor would have continued along I-75 to Sault Ste. Marie.
The original defined alignment of I-73 would have run along I-75 to Detroit. However, Congress amended that definition in 1995 to have a branch along the US 223 corridor to south of Jackson and the US 127 corridor north to I-75 near Grayling. From Grayling, it would have used I-75 to Sault Ste. Marie. Except south of Jackson, where the existing highways are two-lane roads and a section of road north of Lansing where the freeway reverts to a divided highway, this corridor is mostly a rural four-lane freeway. The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) included using the US 223 corridor as one of its three options to build I-73 in 2000. The others included using the US 127 corridor all the way into Ohio with a connection to the Ohio Turnpike or using US 127 south and a new freeway connection to US 223 at Adrian. MDOT abandoned further study of I-73 after June 12, 2001, diverting remaining funding to safety improvement projects along the corridor. The department stated there was a "lack of need" for sections of the proposed freeway, and the project website was closed down in 2002. According to press reports in 2011, a group advocating on behalf of the freeway was working to revive the I-73 project in Michigan. According to an MDOT spokesperson, "to my knowledge, we're not taking that issue up again". The Lenawee County Road Commission is not interested in the freeway, and, according to the president of the Adrian Area Chamber of Commerce, "there seems to be little chance of having an I-73 link between Toledo and Jackson built in the foreseeable future."

 See also 
 U.S. Roads portal

 References 

 External links 

High Priority Corridors @ AARoads.com: Interstate 73/74 (Corridor 5) Archived September 24, 2010, at the Wayback Machine
Interstate 73 Environmental Impact Study (South Carolina)
The South Carolina I-73 Story
I-73/74 in North Carolina
NCRoads.com: I-73
The Ohio Interstate 73 Page
National I-73/74/75 Corridor Association

Regional parks of New Zealand
Regional parks of New Zealand are protected areas administered by regional councils, the top tier of local government. Regional parks are found across five regions of New Zealand: the Auckland Region, Waikato Region, Bay of Plenty Region, Wellington Region and Canterbury Region. Regional parks in the Auckland and Waikato regions are administered by the Auckland Council, while parks in other areas are administered by regional councils: the Bay of Plenty Regional Council, Greater Wellington Regional Council, and Canterbury Regional Council.

 History 
Regional parks in New Zealand are large open spaces typically outside the metropolitan boundaries of cities; larger than city parks and smaller than the National parks of New Zealand. The first regional park in New Zealand was the Waitākere Ranges Regional Park, which was established in 1964 when the Centennial Memorial Park of the Waitākere Ranges had its administration transferred from Auckland City Council to the Auckland Regional Authority. The first park purchased and established by the Auckland Regional Authority was Wenderholm Regional Park in 1965.East Harbour Regional Park, managed by the Greater Wellington Regional Council, was the first regional park established in the Wellington Region in 1979.The Local Government Act 2002 empowered other local government authorities outside of Auckland and Wellington to establish regional parks. The first of these was the Papamoa Hills Regional Park in the Bay of Plenty Region, established in 2004. The first regional park in the Canterbury Region was the Waimakariri River Regional Park, established in 2006/In November 2010, local government reforms merged the different local government authorities of Auckland into a single unitary authority, the Auckland Council. During this process, areas of Franklin District and Manukau City were reassigned to the Waikato Region, including areas which included regional parks. Because of this, three regional parks are found in the northern Waikato, which are administered by the Auckland Council.

 List of regional parks 
This table lists current regional parks from north to south.

 List of regional council administered areas 
This table lists areas administered under regional park systems or by regional councils, from north to south.

 See also 
Protected areas of New Zealand
Conservation in New Zealand
Forest parks of New Zealand
National parks of New Zealand

 Notes 

 References 

Miss Supranational Nicaragua
Miss Supranational Nicaragua formerly known as Miss Nicaragua Supranational is a national beauty pageant in Nicaragua that celebrates the beauty of women across the country. The pageant was formerly under the Miss Mundo Nicaragua organization just in 2013. Since 2014 until 2022 Nicaragua did not compete in the international pageant. When a new organization got the franchise for Nicaragua in Miss Supranational in 2023 the 1st runner up of Miss Nicaragua 2021 Katherine Burgos was appointent to represent the country in Poland. 
In 2024 the Miss Supranational Nicaragua celebrates the first edition of the pageant including delegates from Managua, Jinotega, Chontales and others departments in the country. The reining Miss Supranational Nicaragua 2024 is Elena Etienne from Chontales she will represent Nicaragua at Miss Supranational 2024 in Poland.

 Titleholders 

 International representatives 

 Miss Supranational 

 See also 
Miss Nicaragua
Miss Mundo Nicaragua

 External links 
Official page

Kaaren Ragland
Kaaren Ragland is the founder of the group The Sounds of The Supremes.

 Biography 
Kaaren Ragland was born in Richmond, Virginia.  She attended the Northfield School in Massachusetts, Brown University (BA) and studied acting at Boston University’s School of Fine Arts (MFA) where she also took classes in the Music Department.  Ragland's later education included a JD from UCLA. She states that her mother, a well known Virginia educator, always stressed the importance of a well-rounded education.

 Career 
Ragland appeared in the National Touring production of "Eubie" with Cab Calloway, and in productions of "Little Shop of Horrors" and "Balm in Gilead" in Los Angeles. 
In 1977, last original and founding member Mary Wilson decided to disband The Supremes and forge a solo career. Wilson hired Ragland for concert tours in the United Kingdom, Europe, South East Asia and Australia.
Late in 1989, Ragland formed a group called "The Sounds of the Supremes" with whom she has appeared in over 70 countries around the world in both Concert and Charity events. Wilson attempted to prevent her using the name "The Sounds of the Supremes” in a court action in 1996. The lawsuit was filed against Lynda Laurence, Scherrie Payne, Ragland, and Hollis Paysuer, who were using the Supremes name. In 1999, Wilson lost the lawsuit against the group after suing Ragland, Laurence, Payne, and Paysuer for using the Supremes name.

 'Sounds of the Supremes' Personnel 
Kaaren Ragland, Althea Burkhalter, Angel Rose
Former members: Roberta Freeman, Van Jewel, Wendy Smith, Hollis Payseur, Kathy Merrick, Amy Keys

 Albums 
Live At The Highclere Castle (2007)

1.  Symphony
2.  You Keep Me Hanging On
3.  Where Did Our Love Go
4.  Love Child
5.  Love Is Here And Now You're Gone
6.  Reflections
7.  Stoned Love
8.  "You Can't Hurry Love"
9.  Come See About Me
10. Back In My Arms Again
11. Baby Love
12. Love Is Like an Itching in My Heart
13. Stop In The Name Of Love
14. Someday We'll Be Together
15. "I Hear a Symphony"
16. Symphony Reprise

 References 

 External links 
Supremes drama continues as Dreamgirls opening nears - Memphis Tri-State Defender

List of legendary creatures from China
The following is a list of legendary creatures recorded from Chinese mythology (中國神話动物清单).

 A 
Ao, a mythological tortoise.
Ao Guang, the Dragon King of the East Sea.
Azure Dragon, a dragon that represents the cardinal point East and Spring. 

 B 
Bai Ze, a cow-like monster with a human head, six horns and nine eyes.
Baihu
Bai Suzhen
Bailongma
Bashe, a python-like snake that ate elephants.
Bixi, a dragon with the shell of a turtle.
Birds in Chinese mythology
Black Tortoise, a turtle that represents the cardinal point North and Winter.Bovidae in Chinese mythology

 C 
Canshen
Chi (mythology), a hornless dragon.
Chinese guardian lions, traditional architectural ornaments.Chinese dragon
Chituma, steed of General Lü Bu.
Chiwen, a dragon that protects against fires, floods, and typhoons.
Crane in Chinese mythology

 D 
Denglong, a mythical creature that acts as messenger between heaven and earth.
Dilong
Dog in Chinese mythology
Dragon (zodiac)
Dragon King
Dragon turtle, mythical creature with head of a dragon and body of a tortoise which symbolises courage, power, and success.

 F 
Feng (mythology), an edible monster that resembles a two-eyed lump of meat and magically grows back as fast as it is eaten.
Fenghuang, Chinese phoenixFeilian, god of the wind who is a winged dragon with the head of a deer and tail of a snake.
Feilong, winged legendary creature that flies among clouds.
Fish in Chinese mythology
Four Perils
Four Symbols, four legendary animals that represent the points of the compass.
Fox spirit, a famous mythological fox-like creature with nine tails, known as the Kumiho in Korea and Kitsune in Japan.Fuzhu, a Chinese deer with four horns, possessing a gentle countenance, a likeness to be clean, and usually appears during periods of flood.
Fuzanglong, the dragon of hidden treasures.

 H 
Hong (rainbow-dragon), two headed rainbow serpent.
Huli jing, see Fox Spirit.
Hundun
Huodou, a huge black dog that emits fire from its mouth.

 J 
Jiangshi, a hopping zombie.
Jiaolong, a hornless scaled dragon.
Jin Chan, a prosperity toad.
Jingwei, a bird who is determined to dry up the sea. It was morphed from a girl who drowned in the sea.
Jiufeng, an earlier version of the Fenghuang.
Jinnalaluo, divine creatures with human bodies and animal heads.
Jueyuan (mythology), creatures that look similar to monkeys.

 K 
Kalaviṅka, creatures with a human head and a bird's torso, with long flowing tail.
Kui (Chinese mythology)

 L 
Lake Tianchi Monster
Linggui, a spirit turtle, chief of all shelled creatures.
Longma, a winged horse with dragon scales.
Longmu
Luan (mythology), a bird which carries a shield and tramples on snakes while wearing one on its breast.
Luduan, a deer with green coat, horse tail, and one horn which can travel 18,000 li in a single day and speaks all world languages.
Lushu, a white headed horse with markings on its body like a tiger, a red tail, and a neigh like people singing folk songs.

 M 
Mo (Chinese zoology)
Mogwai (Chinese culture), evil spirits who reproduces during mating seasons triggered by the coming of rain.
Moon rabbit, a mythical figure who is a companion of Chang'E and pounds the Elixir of Life constantly for her.

 N 
Nian, a beast related to the Chinese New Year.
Nine-headed Bird, see Jiufeng and Fenghuang.
Nine sons of the Dragon

 O 
Ox-Head and Horse-Face, two guardians of the underworld.

 P 
Panhu, a dog who transformed into a man.
Panlong (mythology), an aquatic dragon.
Peng (mythology), a mystical giant bird of the ocean.
Penghou, a tree spirit.
Pixiu, strong winged lions that protect Fengshui practitioners.
Pig dragon
Pulao (dragon)

 Q 
Qilin, a hooved dragon-like creature with antlers and the body of an ox, deer, or horse.
Qianlima, a winged horse that can run a thousand miles at a step.Qingniao, messenger birds of the Queen Mother of the West.
Qiongqi, a winged tiger, one of the Four Perils.
Qiulong

 R 
Ruishi, Chinese guardian lions.

 S 
Shen (clam-monster)
Shenlong, a dragon who is the master of storms and also a bringer of rain.
Shennong
Shōjō
Sky Fox (mythology), a golden Hulijing that has reached 1000 years of age.

 T 
Taotie, a fiendish creature known for its greediness.
Tenghuang, a fox with horns on its back or a horse-like creature.
Teng (mythology), a flying dragon.
Three-legged crowThree Corpses
Tiangou, a dog which eats the moon, resulting in an eclipse.
Tianma, a heavenly horse.Tianlong
Tiger in Chinese culture

 W 
Wangliang
White Tiger (mythology), a white tiger which symbolises the direction West and the season autumn.
Winged unicorn

 X 
Xiangliu, venomous nine-headed snake-like monster that brings floods and destruction.
Xiao (mythology), name for multiple types of mythical creatures.
Xiaotianquan, a mythological dog.
Xiezhi, a creature which symbolises justice.
Xingtian

 Y 
Yaoguai
Yinglong
Yeren

 Z 
Zhenniao, a legendary bird with poisonous feathers.
Zhulong (mythology), a giant red solar dragon and god.
Zhuque, a Vermilion Bird, one of the Four Symbols of the Chinese constellations.
Zouyu

 See also 
List of Chinese mythology
Chinese deities
Chinese gods and immortals
Chinese mythology
Korean mythology
List of legendary creatures from Japan

Pörner Group
The Pörner Group is an Austrian technology orientated, engineering and contracting company working on projects for the process industry. The headquarters are situated in Vienna, Austria. The group of companies specialises in various engineering industries such as oil refineries, chemical plants, petrochemical plants, gas plants, power generation, industrial production and the pharmaceutical industry. The organization is made up of a network of several medium-sized companies in these industries. 
The Pörner Group offers technologies to the world market and supplies complete process plants for: bitumen (Biturox), solvent deasphalting (SDA Plus), dewaxing and deoiling (Dewaxing / Deoiling), spray micronization (Micronization) as well as BTX aromatics extraction (Aromex) and formaldehyde and derivates. Climate-friendly technologies are also provided, such as: Bio-Silicates from rice hulls (Pörner Bio-Silicates), Pörner Bitumen Packing System and Power-to-X (PtX) and Fisch-Tropsch processes for PtX.

 History 
The Pörner Group was founded by Kurt Thomas Pörner, Who began the Pörner Technical Bureau in 1972. The company grew from there, opening its first subsidiary in Linz in 1975. In the 1970s Pörner Ingenieurgesellschaft mbH, situated in Vienna Austria, acquired the rights to license the Biturox® process for upgrading bitumen by means of selective air oxidation developed by the Austrian oil company OMV. Pörner licensed its first Biturox® plant to NIOC Isfahan in Iran.In parallel with the rapid growth of the industry in Europe and worldwide, in the 1980s the Pörner Group expanded and realized several larger projects for refineries as well as for environmental facilities.
In 1992 the Pörner Group opened its first foreign subsidiary in Grimma, Germany  which specialises in process plants for the chemical industry. Shortly thereafter another Austrian subsidiary in Kundl, Tyrol was founded to supply the pharmaceutical industry, energy supply and industrial building services in the area.
In 2003 the Pörner group acquired 100% shares in EDL Anlagenbau Gesellschaft, a Leipzig, Germany based company. EDL specializes in refinery, chemical, petrochemical and gas sector clients. In 2019, EDL Anlagenbau Gesellschaft also signed a cooperation agreement for a study. This study, done in cooperation with the Rotterdam The Hague Innovation Airport aims to develop a demonstration plant that produces renewable jet fuel from air. It will use Climeworks’ direct air capture technology.In 2005 the Pörner Bitumen Packing System was launched and earned the Pörner Group the Austrian State Prize for Consulting. The system allows bitumen to be packed and transported by alternative means, namely in cold state, rather than the traditional way of long distance bulk transportation(see Asphalt).Gazintek was the next acquisition for the Pörner Group, with the company buying 70% of the shares in 2005 and the remainder in 2007. Gazintek is mainly focused on providing detailed engineering services for the gas industry. Gazintek does business with European and Russian companies who have worldwide interests including Africa and Asia.
The Pörner group also has a subsidiary in Romania, focusing on engineering of process plants to service the refineries in the area.
In 2012 Pörner celebrated its 40th anniversary and their subsidiary, EDL celebrated its 20th anniversary.
In the fall of 2014, a representative office in Moscow was opened.
In 2015 Pörner Ingenieurgesellschaft received the nomination of the State Award "Engineering Consulting 2015" for the project "Clean Air for Siberia: Planning a desulfurization plant for Norilsk Nickel". In the same year Pörner developed its own modern concept "Anlagenbau 4.0" for the best possible project realisation.In 2016 Pörner granted its 50th Biturox® license worldwide. The bitumen oxidation technology Biturox® was licensed to HPCL-Mittal Energy Limited (HMEL) in India. In March 2016, OOO "Pörner Group Russia” has officially become an independent subsidiary of the Pörner Group in Moscow.In 2018 Pörner opened a representative office in Burghausen, Germany. On March 1, 2020, a new competence center ‘Pörner Water′ was created in Vienna head office.

 Subsidiaries 
Pörner Ingenieurgesellschaft Vienna (Austria)
Pörner Linz (Austria)
Pörner Kundl (Austria)
EDL Leipzig (Germany)
EDL Cologne (Germany)
Pörner Grimma (Germany)
Pörner Romania
Gazintek (Ukraine)
OOO Pörner Group Russia
Pörner Burghausen (Germany)

 References 

Rebecca Romney
Rebecca Romney (died 1644) was a London based investor.

 Family background 
She was a daughter of Robert Taylor, a London merchant, and Elizabeth, daughter of Hugh Hatton of Cheshire. Robert Taylor was Sheriff of London with the haberdasher John Garrard in 1593. After his death, Elizabeth married James Danvers of London.

 Marriage and widowhood 
Rebecca married the London haberdasher and merchant adventurer Sir William Romney of Ironmonger Lane (died 1611). He was a governor of the English East India Company. His family was from Tetbury, where his executors founded a school. The phrasing of his will shows that he was a committed Puritan.An edition of Paul Baynes's A helpe to true happinesse includes a dedication to "the Lady Rebecca Romeny" from her "loving Nephew. E. C.", Ezekiel Charke. Baynes's Christian Letters were similarly dedicated by Charke to Elizabeth, Lady Lennard, a daughter of the Lord Mayor of London, Stephen Slaney, and Mary, Lady Weld, widow of the Lord Mayor, Sir Humphrey Weld, acquaintances of Charke who were probably well known to Lady Romney. Charke's wife Margaret was a daughter of Richard Hooker.Henry Hudson named the "Romney Islands" near Cape Smith north of Mosquito Bay (Nunavut) after her or her husband. After the death of her husband, Rebecca, Lady Romney, was named among the "Merchants Discoverers of the North-West Passage" in a charter granted to that company by James VI and I on 26 July 1612. Prince Henry was "Supreme Protector" of the Company of Discoverers, according to the grant made to the investors, including Lady Romney, in July 1612. The grant narrates the sixth voyage of the partnership, when Henry Hudson sailed in search of a passage by the North-West of America to the "Sea of Suz" or South Sea to China, Japan, and the Philippines.Rebecca Romney was the "Lady Rommeny" of "Fishmonger Lane" (sic) involved with George Abercromby, a gentleman of the queen's robes, and the goldsmith George Heriot, in pawning one of the jewels of Anne of Denmark in March 1613 for £1,200.  Anonymous city investors petitioned Anne of Denmark in 1610 to intercede with James VI and I to fund the search for a northern passage to China and Japan. Anne of Denmark has been linked with voyages of discovery and investment in voyages by aristocratic women in her close circle, while Romney had her own connections with commerce in the city.Rebecca Romney, as a philanthropist, founded four exhibitions (scholarships) for the sons of haberdashers in 1629, two at Emmanuel College, Cambridge and two at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge. She also loaned money to the Virginia Company, and this has been connected with a charitable initiative to send to send poor children from London to the colony.

 Family 
Her children included:
Joseph Romney (died 1646)
William Romney, who married Margaret Bowater
Daniel Romney (died 1635)
Susanna Romney, who married Sir Francis Carew (died 1649) of Beddington and Walton-on-the-Hill
Elizabeth Romney, who married Sir John Wild or Weld of Willey, Shropshire, and was the mother of John Weld MP.

 References 

Grande Odalisque
Grande Odalisque, also known as Une Odalisque or La Grande Odalisque, is an oil painting of 1814 by Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres depicting an odalisque, or concubine. Ingres' contemporaries considered the work to signify Ingres' break from Neoclassicism, indicating a shift toward exotic Romanticism.
Grande Odalisque received heavy criticism when it was first shown, and is renowned for the elongated proportions and lack of anatomical realism. The painting is currently owned by the Louvre Museum in Paris, which purchased the work in 1899.

 History 
The painting was commissioned by Napoleon Bonaparte's sister, Queen Caroline Murat of Naples, and was finished in 1814. Ingres drew upon works such as Dresden Venus by Giorgione, and Titian's Venus of Urbino as inspiration for his reclining nude figure, though the actual pose of a reclining figure looking back over her shoulder is directly drawn from the 1800 Portrait of Madame Récamier by Jacques-Louis David.

Ingres portrays a concubine in languid pose as seen from behind with distorted proportions. The small head, elongated limbs, and cool color scheme all reveal influences from Mannerists such as Parmigianino, whose Madonna with the Long Neck was also famous for anatomical distortion.
This eclectic mix of styles, combining classical form with Romantic themes, prompted harsh criticism when it was first shown in 1814. Critics viewed Ingres as a rebel against the contemporary style of form and content. When the painting was first shown in the Salon of 1819, one critic remarked that the work had "neither bones nor muscle, neither blood, nor life, nor relief, indeed nothing that constitutes imitation". This echoed the general view that Ingres had disregarded anatomical realism. Ingres instead favored long lines to convey curvature and sensuality, as well as abundant, even light to tone down the volume. Ingres continued to be criticized for his work until the mid-1820s.

 Anatomy 
Stemming from the initial criticism the painting received, the figure in Grande Odalisque is thought to be drawn with "two or three vertebrae too many." Critics at the time believed the elongations to be errors on the part of Ingres, but recent studies show the elongations to have been deliberate distortions. Measurements taken on the proportions of real women showed that Ingres's figure was drawn with a curvature of the spine and rotation of the pelvis impossible to replicate. It also showed the left arm of the odalisque is shorter than the right. The study concluded that the figure was longer by five instead of two or three vertebrae and that the excess affected the lengths of the pelvis and lower back instead of merely the lumbar region.Another interpretation of this painting suggests that since the duty of some concubines was merely to satisfy the carnal pleasures of the sultan, this elongation of her pelvic area may have been a symbolic distortion by Ingres. While this may represent sensuous feminine beauty, her gaze, on the other hand, has been said to "[reflect] a complex psychological make-up" or "[betray] no feeling". In addition, the distance between her gaze and her pelvic region may be a physical representation of the depth of thought and complex emotions of a woman's thoughts and feelings.

 In other works 
French painter Jules Flandrin made a copy of La Grande Odalisque in 1903 which is exhibited at the Ingres Museum in Montauban, France.
In 1964, French artist Martial Raysse, in his series Made in Japan, reframed La Grande Odalisque to make a portrait in the style of American pop art. This pastiche, through the inclusion of junk jewelry, relegates The Odalisque to the rank of a consumer product. 
In 1985, peruvian painter Herman Braun-Vega brought La Grande Odalisque in the middle of the country. In the shade of trees, she finds herself offered to the curiosity of Peruvian children. The title of this painting Pourquoi pas eux?(Why not them?) indicates that this is an advocacy for the popularization of culture ("This boy who touches the knee of Ingres's nude, touches Western culture even if he is not aware of it." Herman Braun-Vega). In 2010, he did it again with his painting La ronde au crépuscule au bord du pacifique, where La Grande Odalisque is relocated to the seaside, featuring, in addition to characters from Peruvian daily reality, nudes by Matisse and Picasso. 
La Grande Odalisque was appropriated by the feminist art group Guerrilla Girls for their first color poster and most iconic image. The 1989 Metropolitan Museum poster gave Ingres's odalisque a gorilla mask and posed the question "Do women have to be naked to get into the Met. Museum?". The poster used data from the group's first "weenie count" and drew attention to the overwhelming number of female nudes counted in the Modern Art sections of The Met. The poster was rejected by the Public Art Fund in New York and was run in advertising space on New York City buses until the bus company cancelled the lease arguing that the image was "too suggestive and that the figure appeared to have more than a fan in her hand." La Grande Odalisque is also referenced in the lyrics to "Pretension/Repulsion" by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers from their 2009 album Journal for Plague Lovers. The songs lyrics were written by the band's former lyricist Richey Edwards before his disappearance in 1995. According to the Manics' vocalist, James Dean Bradfield, the song's lyrics deal with "the idealisation of beauty, or what is ugliness".

 See also 
List of paintings by Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to La Grande Odalisque at Wikimedia Commons

Sumitomo Realty & Development
Sumitomo Realty & Development Co., Ltd. is a Japanese real estate development company headquartered in Shinjuku, Tokyo. It is a member of the Sumitomo Group.
It is one of the three largest real estate developers in Japan, alongside Mitsubishi Estate and Mitsui Fudosan. As of 2018, it has the second-largest real estate portfolio in Japan (after Mitsubishi), with a total value of 5.7 trillion yen.

 History 
The company was founded as Izumi Real Estate Co., Ltd. in 1949 following the dissolution of the Sumitomo conglomerate. It adopted its current name in 1957.From the early 1960s, Sumitomo was active in developing and selling condominium properties.Sumitomo Realty held its initial public offering on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges in 1970.The company's first high-rise project was the Shinjuku Sumitomo Building, completed in 1974. This building became the company's head office. At the time of its completion, it was the tallest building in Tokyo (but was overtaken by the nearby Shinjuku Mitsui Building several months later), and its elevators were the fastest in the world.Sumitomo entered the real estate leasing and brokerage businesses in the late 1970s; commercial and residential leasing now accounts for the majority of its income.The company's headquarters moved to the 30-story Shinjuku NS Building (a Sumitomo-developed property) in 1982.Sumitomo actively invested in California and Hawaii real estate during the 1970s. In 1987, Sumitomo acquired the Tishman Building at 666 Fifth Avenue in New York City, which it sold at a loss in 1998. In 1989, Sumitomo acquired the JW Marriott hotel in Century City, Los Angeles for $85 million. Sumitomo also set up subsidiaries in Washington, D.C. and Sydney during the 1980s.In the mid-1990s, Sumitomo began a home renovation and remodeling business known as Shinchiku Sokkurisan.Historically, Sumitomo has followed a policy of never selling the properties that it develops.

 Notable properties 

 Office towers 
Sumitomo owns around 220 office buildings in Tokyo, most of which are located in the city's seven central wards. Its largest developments include:

Shinjuku Sumitomo Building (1974)
Shinjuku NS Building (1982)
Izumi Garden Tower (2002)
Shinjuku Oak City (2003)
Tokyo Shiodome Building (2004)
City Tower Takanawa (2004)
Shinjuku Grand Tower (2011)
Tokyo Nihombashi Tower (2015)
Roppongi Grand Tower (2016)

 Hotels 
Sumitomo Realty operates the Hotel Villa Fontaine chain, which has a total of 15 properties in Japan (Tokyo, Kobe and Osaka).

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Nongbua Pitchaya F.C.
Nongbua Pitchaya Football Club (Thai: สโมสรฟุตบอลหนองบัว พิชญ) is a Thai professional football club based in Nong Bua Lamphu province. The club participates in Thai League 2, the second tier of Thai football league system.
The club was founded in Mueang Nong Bua Lam Phu district, Nong Bua Lamphu province in 2010. They played their home matches at Nong Bua Lamphu Province Stadium. They were first entered to the Thai football league system in 2010, competes in Thai Division 2 League (North Eastern Region), the third tier of Thai football league.
In 2017 the club were first promoted to the Thai League 2, after winning 2016 Regional League Division 2.

The club has won the 2020–21 Thai League 2 thus seeing them promoted to the 2021–22 Thai League 1 season for the first time in their history.

 History 

 The beginning and professionalism at the club 
The club was formed by Sports Association of Nong Bua Lamphu Province in 2010; Watchara Leeprasert mayor of Nong Bua Lamphu became the first club chairman, Suthin Srithong was the first coach and Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) was the club sponsor.
The club entered Thai Division 2 League (North Eastern Region) 2010 season, the third tier of Thai football league system with the name EGAT Nongbua Lamphu United and received the nickname Phu Phan Kham Thunder.
On 14 February 2010, the club played their first ever game against Udon Thani F.C. at Institute of Physical Education Udon Thani Stadium, which ended in a 0–1 win.
After the end of 2010 season Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) not renew a sponsorship agreement, the club changed their badge and name to Nongbua Lamphu F.C. in 2011 season and received the new nickname Electric eel.
The club have first-ever match in the Thai League Cup on 18 May 2011 and lost to Yasothon United 7–4 in first qualifying round (northeastern region), in the league they finished twelfth on the table.
In 2012 season they have a financial problems and not have a sponsorship but still finished twelfth again, during the 2013 season, a dismal run of form saw the team go down to the bottom of the league table with only 24 points from 30 games, they lost 14 games, won only 4 games and finished fifteenth on the table. Because of a lack of liquidity the club was forced to search for new owners.
During the 2014 season Suthep Poomongkolsuriya, owner of Pitchayabundit College, a private university in Nong Bua Lamphu completed his takeover of the club, and the club finished twelfth in 2014 season.

 2015–present –  First title and the Pitchaya stadium 
In 2015 season the club changed their badge and name to Nongbua Pitchaya F.C., the new chairman made the club more liquid and gave more transfer-wage budgets. The club had their first-ever match in the Thai FA Cup on 24 June 2015; in the second round and they drew against Kamphaengphet F.C. 1–1, before losing in a penalty shoot-out. In the league they finished eighth in Division 2 northeastern region.
In 2016 season the club relocated from the northeastern to the northern region and qualify to the second round in Thai League Cup and Thai FA Cup , the club made a good performance in northern region including a 5–0 win over Phetchabun and lost only 3 games. They qualified to Division 2 Champions League round as winner of northern region zone.
In the Champions League round they qualified to semi-final, but following the death of King Bhumibol Adulyadej the Football Association of Thailand cancelled the remaining match on 14 October 2016. To find 3 of 4 teams to promoted to Thai League 2 made by draw lots, and the club was promoted after the drawing of lots with Kasetsart and Trat.
The Gamecocks continued to grow as a sports club and also began acquiring more assets. Nongbua Pitchaya's first football stadium started construction in 2019 and started to be used for the Thai League 2 in 2020.Nongbua won the M150 Championship in March 2021, earning them promotion to Thai League 1 for the first time in their history.

 Academies 
Nongbua Pitchaya opened its first academies in 2016. The club is one of the leading youth football development academies in Northeast Thailand same level as Buriram United academies – The club's youth team Under-13 and Under-15 are the Northeastern Upper reginal winners of Thailand Youth League in 2017-18 and 2018-19 season. The club also sends youth teams to compete in the country's major youth football events, such as the cp-meiji cup held in Buriram province.  The club's youth team performed well in CP-meiji Cup U-14 International Champions, in 2018 semi-final round beat Aspire Academy. The achievements in the development of the youth academy of Nongbua Pitchaya in the country causing football players to join the Thai national youth team such as Thawatchai Aocharod.The Academy coaches are supported by the club to send professional coaching lessons according to the Asian Football Confederation curriculum to develop the potential of the instructors to acquire knowledge subjects under the concept of Pitchaya academies by playing developed under the name "Nong Bua Lona" style that focuses on - agility, movement, effective passing of the ball. In 2019, the Academy of Nong Bua Pichaya has more than 200 children, divided into 9 generations according to age (11–19 years), whose production begins to bloom in the third year of the academy.

 Affiliated clubs 

 Shonan Bellmare (2022–present)Nongbua Pitchaya have entered a ground breaking alliance with Japanese club Shonan Bellmare in 2022. This agreement to be of benefit to both clubs through the exchange of young players and coaching staff, shared knowledge on technical–training methods and playing friendly matches together.Nongbua Pitchaya youth teams was invited to join the competition "Copa Belmare International tournament" held in Japan that Shonan Bellmare hold this tournament every year.

 Stadium and locations 
Nongbua Pitchaya's first football stadium was built in 2019 was called Pitchaya stadium.

 Season-by-season record 

 Current squad 
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

Note 1: The official club website lists the supporters as player 12th man.

 List of Managerial history 

 Honours 

 Domestic leagues 
Thai League 2:
Winner: 2020–21
Regional League Northern Division
Winner : 2016

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Nongbua Pitchaya F.C. on Facebook

2024 ASB Classic – Men's singles
Alejandro Tabilo defeated Taro Daniel in the final, 6–2, 7–5 to win the men's singles tennis title at the 2024 ASB Classic. It was his first ATP Tour title, and he became the first qualifer to win an ATP Tour title since Juan Manuel Cerúndolo in 2021. Richard Gasquet was the defending champion, but lost in the first round to Arthur Fils.

 Seeds 
The top four seeds received a bye into the second round. 

 Draw 

 Key 

 Finals 

 Top half 

 Bottom half 

 Qualifying 

 Seeds 

 Qualifiers 

 Qualifying draw 

 First qualifier 

 Second qualifier 

 Third qualifier 

 Fourth qualifier 

 References 

 External links 
Main draw
Qualifying draw

Grammy Award for Producer of the Year, Classical
The Grammy Award for Producer of the Year, Classical is an honor presented to record producers for quality classical music productions at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".Originally known as the Grammy Award for Classical Producer of the Year, the award was first presented to James Mallinson at the 22nd Grammy Awards (1980). The name remained unchanged until 1998, when the category became known as Producer of the Year, Classical. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented to album producers "whose recordings, released for the first time during the eligibility year, represent consistently outstanding creativity in the production of classical recordings". Producers must have produced at least 51% playing time on three separately released recordings (only one of which can be an opera released in DVD format). Producers may submit content as a team only if they worked together exclusively during the period of eligibility.Anthony Tommasini, music critic for The New York Times, asserted that "In the struggling field of classical recording, it's the producers who take the real risks and make things happen." The honor is presented alongside the award for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical.
As of 2023, David Frost, Steven Epstein, Robert Woods and Judith Sherman share the record for most wins, with seven each. while James Mallinson has been presented the award three times. Two-time recipients include Joanna Nickrenz (once alongside Marc Aubort). Elaine Martone received the honor in 2007. David Frost is the son of Thomas Frost, who received an award in the same category in 1987.

 Recipients 
^[I]  Each year is linked to the article about the Grammy Awards held that year.

 See also 
American classical music
List of Grammy Award categories

 References 

 External links 
Official site of the Grammy Awards

Henry Cuellar
Enrique Roberto "Henry" Cuellar ( KWAY-ar; born September 19, 1955) is an American attorney and politician serving as the U.S. representative for Texas's 28th congressional district since 2005. He is a member of the Democratic Party. His district extends from the Rio Grande to San Antonio's suburbs.
Cuellar served in the Texas House of Representatives for 14 years, from 1987 to 2001, and briefly served as the Texas Secretary of State in 2001, making him, as of 2022, the most recent Democrat to have held a statewide office in Texas.
Cuellar was first elected to Congress in 2004, after defeating incumbent Ciro Rodriguez in a primary challenge. He is considered a leading centrist within the House Democratic Caucus. He has since been comfortably reelected in every general election while surviving a number of competitive primary races, most notably in 2020 and 2022.

 Early life and education 
Cuellar was born in Laredo, the county seat of Webb County in South Texas, where he has resided most of his life. Both of his parents were Mexican American.
His father, Martin Siller Cuellar Sr. (1926–2019), was born in Tamaulipas, Mexico and immigrated to the United States. His mother was the former Odilia Perez (1928–2015), a native of Zapata, Texas.Cuellar attended Buenos Aires Elementary School, where he became an avid reader and graduated in 1973 from J. W. Nixon High School. He received an associate of arts degree from Laredo Community College, then known as Laredo Junior College, where he would later teach courses in government.
He then attended the Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University and graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in foreign service. He also earned a Master of Arts in international trade from Texas A&M International University, a Juris Doctor (JD) from the University of Texas School of Law and a PhD from the University of Texas at Austin.As of 2023, he is finishing a master's in defense and strategic studies from Naval War College.

 Early career 
In 1981, Cuellar opened his own law firm in Laredo and became a licensed customs broker in 1983. From 1984 to 1986 he taught at Texas A&M International University as an adjunct professor of international commercial law.

 Texas House of Representatives 
Cuellar was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1987 to 2001, representing most of Laredo. During his 14 years as a state representative, he served in leadership positions on the House Appropriations, Higher Education, and Calendar committees. He also served on several national legislative committees dealing with state budgets, the U.S.–Mexico border and international trade.

 Texas Secretary of State 
In 2001, Governor Rick Perry appointed Cuellar to be secretary of state of Texas. He served in the office for just over nine months until his resignation, after which Geoff Connor held the position in an acting capacity. As of 2023, Cuellar is the last Democrat to have served in the role.
During his short time as Texas Secretary of State, Cuellar issued an opinion that, while not legally binding, argued that home-rule cities in the state of Texas could not adopt ranked-choice voting for their elections under the Texas Constitution. That opinion has been the primary basis for the city of Austin ignoring the passage of the city's 2021 Proposition E, which would have adopted ranked-choice voting in Austin.

 U.S. House of Representatives 

 Elections 

 2002 

In 2002, Cuellar was the Democratic nominee for the House of Representatives in Texas's 23rd congressional district. He lost to five-term incumbent Republican Henry Bonilla 52%–47% in the closest race Bonilla had faced up to that point.

 2004 

Cuellar spent much of early 2003 preparing for a rematch against Bonilla. However, redistricting shifted most of Laredo, which had been the heart of the 23rd since its creation in 1966, into the 28th district, represented by Ciro Rodriguez. Cuellar challenged Rodriguez, a former friend, for the nomination winning by 58 votes.The Washington Post described the campaign as "nasty". The initial count gave Rodriguez a 145-vote lead, but after a recount Cuellar led by 58 votes. Cuellar's victory was one of only two primary upsets of incumbents from either party in the entire country.
The 28th district was far more Democratic than the 23rd making him heavily favored in the general election. In November, he defeated the Republican by a 20-point margin, becoming the first Laredoan in over 20 years elected to represent the 28th district.
Cuellar's election to the House in 2004 was a standout for Democrats in a year in which Republicans otherwise gained seats in Texas's House delegation.

 2006 

On March 7, 2006, Cuellar again defeated Rodriguez in the Democratic primary with 52% of the vote in a three-way race. No Republican filed.
On June 29, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the Texas Legislature had violated Latino voters' rights when it shifted most of Laredo out of the 23rd and replaced it with heavily Republican San Antonio suburbs. As a result, nearly every congressional district from El Paso to San Antonio had to be redrawn, and the primary results for these districts were invalidated. A court drew a new map in which all of Laredo was moved into the 28th district while the south San Antonio area was moved to the 23rd. An election open to all candidates with a runoff if no candidate won 50% was scheduled for the date of the general election, November 7, 2006.
In the general election on November 7, 2006, Cuellar had no Republican opposition. He handily defeated Ron Avery of McQueeney, the chairman of the conservative Constitution Party in Guadalupe County, and Democrat Frank Enriquez, a McAllen trial attorney, with nearly 68% of the vote.

 2008 

Cuellar was unopposed in the Democratic primary on March 4, 2008. In the general election, he outran President Barack Obama, winning nearly 70% of the vote to win reelection while the president won 56% in the district.

 2010 

Cuellar was unopposed for the Democratic nomination in 2010 and won reelection in the general election.

 2012 

Cuellar was opposed in the November 6 general election by Republican and Libertarian Party candidates.Guadalupe County, a Republican stronghold that usually opposed Cuellar for reelection, was removed from the reconfigured 28th district.Cuellar defeated the Republican, 112,262 votes (68%) to 49,095 votes (30%). Hisel took 2% of the vote, and a Green Party candidate received the remaining 1%.

 2014 

Cuellar was unopposed in the Democratic primary and faced no Republican opposition in 2014.

 2016 

Cuellar won a rematch in the March 1, 2016, Democratic primary with former Republican congressional candidate William R. Hayward, who switched parties to run again for the House. Cuellar received 49,962 votes (89.8%) to Hayward's 5,682 (10.2%). Cuellar then defeated Republican Zeffen Patrick Hardin in the November 8 general election, 122,086 (66.2%) to 57,740 (31.3%). Green Party nominee Michael D. Cary received 4,616 votes (2.5%).

 2018 

In 2018, Cuellar was unopposed in the Democratic primary. He won 84.4% (117,178 votes) in the general election.

 2020 

On January 11, 2019, the progressive organization Justice Democrats, which supported U.S. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's successful 2018 primary campaign in New York City, announced that it was seeking a primary challenger against Cuellar in the Democratic primary scheduled for March 4, 2020. On July 13, 2019, the Justice Democrats organization announced its support for Jessica Cisneros, a 26-year-old immigration and human rights attorney from Laredo who had announced a primary campaign against Cuellar. Cuellar defeated Cisneros 51.8% to 48.2% in the primary. He won the general election in November with 58.3% of the vote, defeating Republican nominee Sandra Whitten and Libertarian nominee Bekah Congdon.

 2022 

Cuellar finished first with a plurality in the Democratic primary, tallying 23,552 votes, 48.4%, over Cisneros, who received 22,745 votes, 46.9%. Cuellar and Cisneros qualified for the May runoff while a third candidate, Tannya Benavides, was eliminated after getting 2,289 votes (4.7%).During the runoff, Cuellar faced renewed scrutiny over an incident in 2018 where he fired a pregnant staffer who had requested parental leave and subsequently suffered a miscarriage, and according to court documents, subsequently urged other staffers to help him discredit her.On June 7, trailing by 281 votes in the runoff, Cisneros requested a recount to be conducted by the Texas Democratic Party. Cuellar extended his lead to a 289-vote margin during the recount. The Associated Press called the race on June 21, 2022. Cuellar went on to easily win reelection against the Republican nominee.

 2024 
Cuellar, who has yet to draw any challenges for the 2024 election, has touted support from key party leaders; the endorsements were seen as a move to head off a primary challenge against him.Leaders endorsing him for 2024 included Democratic Leader Hakeem Jeffries, Whip Katherine Clark, and Democratic Caucus Chair Pete Aguilar. Former Speaker Nancy Pelosi, former Majority Leader Steny Hoyer and Assistant Democratic Leader Jim Clyburn also endorsed Cuellar.

 Committee assignments 
Committee on AppropriationsSubcommittee on Homeland Security (Ranking Member)
Subcommittee on Defense
Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies

 Caucus memberships 
Blue Dog Coalition
New Democrat Coalition
Afterschool Caucuses
Congressional Hispanic Caucus
United States Congressional International Conservation Caucus (Co-chair)
U.S.-Japan Caucus

 Political positions 
Cuellar has described himself as a "moderate-centrist" or conservative Democrat. During the 117th Congress, he voted with the Democratic caucus 96.8% of the time.During the Trump administration, Cuellar voted with the Democratic majority 87.9% of the time, while voting with Trump's stance 40.6% of the time. Cuellar was ranked the 6th-most bipartisan member of the House of Representatives in the first session of the 117th United States Congress by the Lugar Center and McCourt School of Public Policy. He is one of two members belonging to the fiscally-conservative Blue Dog Democratic Coalition in the Texas congressional delegation.As of August 2023, Cuellar had voted in line with Joe Biden's stated position 96% of the time.Cuellar voted to provide Israel with support following 2023 Hamas attack on Israel.

 Immigration 
In 2011, Cuellar authored and co-sponsored legislation seeking to honor slain ICE agent Jaime Zapata. Billed as a border security bill, it would increase cooperation among state, local, and federal law enforcement agencies during investigations of human and drug smuggling from Mexico.In 2013, in a statement with House colleagues Beto O'Rourke and Filemon Vela Jr., Cuellar renewed his opposition to a border fence along the Rio Grande between the U.S. and Mexico. He denounced inclusion in the Senate immigration bill of an amendment sponsored by Senators Bob Corker and John Hoeven that called for 700 additional miles of border fencing, calling the fence an antiquated solution to a modern problem. The fence, he said, ignores the economic ties between the two nations, which reached $500 billion in 2012.Cuellar was one of three Democrats to vote for Kate's Law, which expands maximum sentences for immigrants who reenter the U.S. after being deported. He supported legislation to strip federal funding for jurisdictions that have sanctuary policies in place.

 2008 primary 
On June 15, 2007, Cuellar endorsed then U.S. Senator Hillary Clinton for president in 2008. He said, "Senator Clinton is the only candidate with the experience and toughness to hit the ground running on her first day in the White House." In 2007, he held a fundraiser for Clinton in Laredo that raised over $200,000 and was attended by former President Bill Clinton.

 Abortion 
Cuellar opposes abortion. He expressed concerns that the Senate health care bill allowed federal funding for abortion. He has voted for a ban on abortion after 20 weeks.In 2021, he was the only Democrat to vote against the Women's Health Protection Act, which aims to preserve access to abortion nationwide. The Act was proposed in response to the Texas Heartbeat Act which bans abortion after 6 weeks in Texas.

 Appropriations 
Cuellar is the only Texas Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee and is prolific in using his perch to deliver federal funds to his district. In 2011, he delivered federal funding to open a Veterans Administration outpatient clinic operated jointly with UT Health San Antonio in Laredo, Texas. At the time, the mayor declared that the project "would not have been possible" without the Congressman's support.In 2020, Cuellar secured $1.2 million in federal funding to support efforts to fight COVID-19 in Webb County.

 Affordable Care Act 
He also supported the Affordable Health Care for America Act, which narrowly passed the House.
On March 21, 2010, Cuellar voted for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which passed the House by a vote of 219–212.

 Bipartisan Infrastructure Deal 
Cuellar was instrumental in shepherding through passage of the bipartisan infrastructure deal in 2021. He was one of nine Moderate Democrats who threatened to boycott a procedural vote unless House leadership first allowed a vote on President Biden's Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. The effort was successful and resulted in the successful passage of the $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill. The win has been called a historic win for President Biden.

 Earmarks 
Cuellar supported the return of earmarks to Congress and has used his position on Appropriations to become one of the 20 top earmarkers in Congress.

 Environmental issues 
On June 26, 2009, Cuellar voted with the House majority to pass the American Clean Energy and Security Act, also known as the cap and trade bill.

 FBI investigation 
On January 19, 2022, the FBI obtained a search warrant for Cuellar's Laredo residence and campaign office as part of a federal probe relating to Azerbaijan. A federal grand jury also issued subpoenas for records related to Cuellar, his wife, and at least one campaign staffer related to the matter. Cuellar has taken interest in Azerbaijan and co-chairs the Congressional Azerbaijan Caucus.Cuellar's lawyer has maintained that Cuellar is innocent and is not a target of the investigation and the FBI has made no statement on the point. In response, party leaders including Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi reaffirmed their support for Cuellar. No arrests have been made in the case and the FBI has not indicated Cuellar is a person of interest. Cuellar, who handily won reelection following the incident, is not believed to be the subject of the investigation.

 Marijuana 
In 2020, Cuellar was one of six House Democrats to vote against the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement (MORE) Act, which aimed to legalize cannabis at the federal level. In 2014, he voted for a Republican measure blocking the implementation of a Washington, D.C., decriminalization law.Cuellar is an opponent of the Rohrabacher–Farr amendment which would limit the enforcement of the federal law criminalizing marijuana in states that have legalized medical cannabis.

 PRO Act 
Cuellar voted against the Protecting the Right to Organize (PRO) Act in 2021 and 2022.

 Perceptics 
Cuellar has supported automated license plate recognition federal contractor Perceptics and has been linked to lobbying on behalf of the firm by Podesta Group. Perceptics CEO John Dalton called him a "friendly congressman" for Perceptics.

 Russian Invasion of Ukraine 
Cuellar supports US support for Ukraine in the wake of Russia's invasion. In the wake of news that the Iranian regime was supplying drones to Russia to use in the war, Cuellar led a bipartisan letter calling for the Biden administration to cripple Iran's access to technology so that American-made technology isn't used to feed Russia's war.

 San Antonio to Monterrey Rail 
Cuellar is a leading proponent for the proposed expansion of passenger rail from San Antonio, Texas to Monterrey, Mexico, a project he has advocated for since 2008. He spearheaded support for feasibility studies by both the United States and Mexican governments on the proposal and has sought federal funding to supplement private funds in a public-private partnership. An agreement has been signed between United States and Mexican officials to explore the proposal.The project is supported by Samuel García, governor of Nuevo León state where Monterrey is located. The governor visited Washington, DC in 2021 on a trip hosted by Cuellar's office to build support for the proposal link. The train's route would connect San Antonio to Monterrey in 2 hours, with a stop in Laredo, within Cuellar's district.

 Trump Impeachment 
On December 18, 2019, Cuellar voted in favor of both articles of impeachment against Trump.Following the January 6, 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol by Trump supporters, Cuellar called for a second impeachment of Donald Trump. At the subsequent trial, on January 13, he voted in favor of impeachment.

 Personal life 
Cuellar was one of eight children. His father was an immigrant migrant worker. A brother, Martin Cuellar, serves as Sheriff in Webb County. A sister, Rosie Cuellar, is the municipal judge in Rio Bravo.He and his wife, Imelda, have two daughters. In 2014, Cuellar portrayed George Washington during the annual Washington's Birthday Celebration in Laredo.Cuellar is Roman Catholic.On October 2, 2023, at around 9:30.p.m. ET, Cuellar was held at gunpoint and carjacked by three robbers outside of his Washington D.C. apartment residence. The suspects stole Cuellar's vehicle as well as his luggage, though the car and all of his belongings were recovered by law enforcement a few hours later.  Cuellar was reportedly unharmed. A police investigation is ongoing.

 See also 
List of Hispanic and Latino Americans in the United States Congress

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Congressman Henry Cuellar official U.S. House website
Henry Cuellar for Congress
Henry Cuellar at Curlie
Appearances on C-SPANBiography at the Biographical Directory of the United States Congress
Financial information (federal office) at the Federal Election Commission
Profile at Vote Smart

Cook Partisan Voting Index
The Cook Partisan Voting Index, abbreviated PVI or CPVI, is a measurement of how partisan a United States congressional district or state is. This partisanship is indicated as lean towards either the Republican Party or the Democratic Party, compared to the nation as a whole, based on how that district or state voted in the previous two presidential elections.

 History 
The Partisan Voting Index was developed in 1997 by Charlie Cook of The Cook Political Report, in conjunction with Clark Bensen and his political statistical analysis firm, Polidata, "as a means of providing a more accurate picture of the competitiveness". It is based on the methodology introduced by Rob Richie of the Center for Voting and Democracy (now FairVote for the Center's July 1997 Monopoly Politics report.The Cook Political Report has since released new PVI scores every two years. In 2021, the newsletter ended its relationship with Polidata and instead used Dave Leip's Atlas of U.S. Presidential Elections to calculate 2020's results. The most recent iteration is the 2022 Cook Partisan Voting Index, which was released with an updated formula for calculating PVI values.

 Calculation and format 
The index looks at how every congressional district voted in the past two presidential elections combined and compares it to the national average. The Cook PVI is displayed as a letter, a plus sign, and a number, with the letter (either a D for Democratic or an R for Republican) indicating the party that won the district and the number showing how many percentage points above the national average it received. In 2022, the formula was updated to weigh the most recent presidential election more heavily than the prior election.

 By congressional district 
The PVIs for congressional districts are calculated based on the 2016 and 2020 presidential elections. With a PVI of R+1, Michigan's 8th congressional district was determined to be the median congressional district, meaning that exactly 217 districts are more Democratic and 217 are more Republican than this district. As of 2022, in the House, there are 222 districts more Republican than the national average, and 206 districts more Democratic than the national average.  The number of swing seats, defined as those between D+5 and R+5, is 82.

 By state 
The PVIs for states are calculated based on the results of the U.S. presidential elections in 2016 and 2020. The table below reflects the current state of Congress and governors, based on the most recent election results.

 See also 
Political party strength in U.S. states
Psephology, the statistical analysis of elections
Two-party-preferred vote

 References 

 External links 
The Cook Political Report

Books Through Bars
Books Through Bars is an American organization that works to provide quality reading material to prisoners in Pennsylvania and surrounding states. New Society Publishers of Philadelphia founded Books Through Bars in 1990. Books Through Bars was separately incorporated as a nonprofit organization on March 19, 2001. There are approximately 30 similar, but unaffiliated, organizations throughout the United States.
Because prisoners in American prisons are not able to receive books from sources other than recognized publishers, bookstores, or other legitimate distributors, those without the financial resources to buy books have very limited access to them. Prison libraries are not being funded, in part because reading material is widely seen as irrelevant to a "mostly uneducated and indeed largely illiterate prison population". 
New Society Publishers began its program after it began receiving letters from indigent prisoners, and provides donated books to individual prisoners, prison libraries, and halfway houses. 
The organization distributes several hundred packages per month. It also sponsors regular public events relating to issues such as human rights, the war on drugs, and prison reform.
Books Through Bars is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, formally organized as a collective and run by nine core members plus about twenty volunteers, and it is supported by grants from charitable organizations. Books Through Bars is entirely run and operated by unpaid volunteers.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
"Building Blocks". Philadelphia City Paper. January 18, 1996. Archived from the original on April 14, 2005.
New Society Publishers

Jassa Dhillon
Jaspal Singh Dhillon known professionally as Jassa Dhillon is an Indian singer, rapper and songwriter associated with the Punjabi music. His song "Talja" has featured on the UK Asian Music Chart and also the Global YouTube weekly chart. Dhillon started his career along with his labelmate Gur Sidhu under label 'Brown Town Music'.

 Early life and education 
Dhillon was born 7 November 1999 in Assandh, in the Karnal district, Haryana, to Ranbir Singh Dhillon and Harjinder Kaur. He is a Dhillon Jat Sikh. He graduated from JPS Academy.

 Music career 
Dhillon works in a variety of music styles, including Punjabi, Pop, Bhangra, Romantic and Hip Hop. Dhillon was launched by Nav Sandhu with "Pyar Bolda," a single released in October 2019 under banner of Brown Town Music. In December 2019, his song "Jhanjhar" was released under the label of Brown Town Music. In January he announced his debut album "Above All" with Gur Sidhu as music producer on the album. In February, he released the first single from album AboveAll" named "Raule", which later appeared on YouTube's weekly Global Music Chart. Dhillon also become one of the most-listened-to artists in Punjab. In 2021, he released his album Above All. The album was critically successful containing singles "Talja", "Love Like Me", "1 on 1", "Bhalwani Gedi", etc. The song "Talja" from album featured on the UK Asian Music Chart. The album proved to be breakthrough in Jassa's career.

 Discography 

 Studio albums 

 Extended plays 

 Singles discography 

 As lead artist 

 As featured artist 

 Film Soundtracks 

 Songwriting discography 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Jassa Dhillon on Instagram
Jassa Dhillon on Facebook
Jassa Dhillon at IMDb

Yambaó
Yambaó (also known as Cry of the Bewitched) is a 1957 Mexican-Cuban drama film directed by Alfredo B. Crevenna and starring Ninón Sevilla.

 In other media 
On June 27, 2014, Yambaó was released as a VOD title by RiffTrax.

 Plot 
The story takes place in Cuba in 1850, in the era of the Atlantic slave trade. In a sugar cane plantation, Captain Jorge (Ramón Gay) and his wife, Beatriz (Rosa Elena Durgel) live happily and are expecting a child. Their slaves live at quiet peace with them but are not above being punished for their disobedience. One night, as the full moon appears, the sound of drums rises in the air. Yambao (Ninón Sevilla), the granddaughter of a witch named Caridad (Fedora Capdevila) supposedly murdered 15 years ago, has reappeared. The plantation slaves are superstitious and fear her, believing she will place curses on them as her grandmother supposedly did. Yambao's arrival coincides with a new outbreak of black vomit that had not occurred on the plantation for decades, and is now attributed to her using black magic. Though Yambao is not really evil, Caridad constantly pressures her to take revenge on the plantation.
Jorge, who normally stays out of the traditions and customs of his slaves, discovers that they want to sacrifice Yambao and intervenes. Yambao swears eternal gratitude for the gesture but also starts to fall for him. Caridad sees this as an opportunity and weaves it into her plan for revenge. Yambao decides to perform a magic ritual of Santeria over Jorge to make him love her. Her magic spell coincides with Jorge contracting the disease and falling ill. The only medical doctors in the area are themselves ill and cannot come to treat Jorge's critical condition. Yambao offers to cure him in gratitude for saving her life and is permitted to try despite some initial protest from his slaves. The prolonged contact with Jorge cements Yambao's feelings for him and is reciprocated when he recovers, which leads her to believe her love spell worked.
For several weeks Jorge is infatuated with Yambao, forgetting his wife, his plantation and shirking all his duties. However, when Jorge is informed that his wife is about to give birth, he rushes to her side and clears all thoughts of lust and infidelity from his mind. Yambao, heartbroken and jealous, is advised by Caridad to kill Beatriz and her child to get back at Jorge. Yambao takes a dagger and rushes towards the plantation, eventually cornering Beatriz and her child. But before she can complete her crime, Caridad is discovered by the foreman of the plantation and swiftly killed with a machete. Yambao shudders momentarily as Caridad's evil influence fades away and then comes to her senses. Realizing what she was about to do, she flees in horror and promises not to cause any more harm. Caridad's body is then subject to a funeral ceremony with exotic rituals which Jorge attends. As the ceremony nears its climax, Yambao is possessed by Caridad's spirit and rushes over to Jorge in an attempt to stab him. Yambao, however, cannot bring herself to do it and instead runs to the edge of a nearby stone gorge and hurls herself into it. The film ends with Jorge cradling her corpse as a handful of his slaves quietly look on.

 Production 
Yambao was a co-production between Mexico and Cuba and was shot entirely in Cuba. Yambao is played by the Cuban dancer Ninon Sevilla, who had a long career in the Cinema of Mexico of the 1940s and 50s, particularly in the subgenre known as the Rumberas film. The Mexican actors Ramon Gay and Rosa Elena Durgel interpreted the characters of Jorge and his wife Beatriz. Yambaó was released in black and white for the Latin American market, and in color with a dubbed English track in the American market under the title Cry of the Bewitched.

 Reception and legacy 
It was nominated for three Ariel Awards winning two for Best Cinematography and Sound Recording.It was the first Mexican film that openly referenced the Afro-Cuban culture, particularly magical and religious rituals, such as Santeria.

 Cast 
Ninón Sevilla as Yambaó
Ramón Gay as Jorge
Rosa Elena Durgel as Beatriz
Fedora Capdevila as Caridad
Olga Guillot as Singer slave
Martha Jean-Claude as Singer in Sacrifice

 References 

 External links 
Yambaó at IMDb 
Yambaó on FilmAffinity
RiffTrax preview on official YouTube channel

Nationwide opinion polling for the 2024 United States presidential election
This is a list of nationwide public opinion polls that were conducted relating to the general election for the 2024 United States presidential election. The people named in the polls are declared candidates or have received media speculation about their possible candidacy.

 Polling aggregations 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. vs. Cornel West 

 Joe Biden vs. Nikki Haley 

 Kamala Harris vs. Donald Trump 

 National poll results 

 Declared candidates 
The following head-to-head polls feature individuals who have both officially declared their candidacies outside of exploratory committees and pending announcements.

 Joe Biden vs Donald Trump (2024) 

 Joe Biden vs Donald Trump (2023) 

 Joe Biden vs Donald Trump (2021–2022) 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs. Cornel West 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs Robert F. Kennedy Jr. vs Cornel West 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs Robert F. Kennedy Jr. vs Cornel West vs. Jill Stein 

 Joe Biden vs. Nikki Haley 

 Potential candidates 
The following nationwide polls feature at least one individual who is not a candidate for president, nor have they declined the possibility of a future campaign.

 Joe Biden vs. Liz Cheney 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump with Liz Cheney as an independent 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump with Joe Manchin as an independent 

 Joe Biden vs. Ron DeSantis with Joe Manchin as an independent 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. with Joe Manchin as an independent 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs. Cornel West with Joe Manchin as No Labels Party 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. vs. Joe Manchin as an independent vs. Jill Stein 

 Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump vs. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. vs. Cornel West vs. Joe Manchin as No Labels vs. Jill Stein 

 Hypothetical polling 
The following nationwide polls feature at least one individual who has publicly denied interest in running for president or has withdrawn from the race, as well as unnamed "generic" candidates.

 See also 
2024 United States elections
Statewide opinion polling for the 2024 United States presidential election
2024 United States gubernatorial elections
2024 United States House of Representatives elections
2024 United States Senate elections

 Notes 

 External links 
Polling Report

Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom is a 2023 American superhero film based on the DC character Aquaman. Produced by DC Studios, Atomic Monster, the Safran Company, and Domain Entertainment, and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, it is the sequel to Aquaman (2018), and the 15th and final film in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The film was directed by James Wan from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick, and stars Jason Momoa as Arthur Curry / Aquaman, alongside Patrick Wilson, Amber Heard, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Randall Park, Dolph Lundgren, Temuera Morrison, Martin Short, and Nicole Kidman. In the film, Arthur must work with his half-brother Orm (Wilson) to prevent Black Manta (Abdul-Mateen II) from killing his family and using the cursed Black Trident to overheat the world while searching for the lost seventh kingdom of the seas.
Momoa pitched a story for an Aquaman sequel during production of the first film. Wan did not want to rush a sequel but agreed in January 2019 to oversee development. Johnson-McGoldrick signed on to return as screenwriter a month later, and Wan was confirmed to be returning as director in August 2020. He said the film would expand on Aquaman's worldbuilding, have a more serious tone, and feature themes such as climate change. It is a buddy comedy between Aquaman and Orm, and was inspired by the Silver Age of Comic Books with a retro science fiction vibe similar to the works of animator Ray Harryhausen and the horror films of the 1960s, specifically Planet of the Vampires (1965). Wan announced the sequel's title in June 2021, ahead of the start of filming at the end of the month. Filming concluded in January 2022, taking place in the United Kingdom, Hawaii, Los Angeles, and New Jersey, with additional filming in New Zealand.
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom premiered at a fan event at the Grove, Los Angeles on December 19, 2023, and was released in the United States on December 22. The film received generally negative reviews from critics and has grossed $423 million worldwide.

 Plot 
Four years after becoming king of Atlantis, Arthur Curry has married Mera and had a son, Arthur Jr., while splitting his life between land and sea. Meanwhile, David Kane / Black Manta continues to seek revenge against Arthur for his father's death, working with marine biologist Stephen Shin to find Atlantean artifacts. When Shin accidentally discovers a cavern in Antarctica, Manta finds a Black Trident that possesses him, its creator promising to give him the power to destroy Arthur.
Five months later, Manta attacks Atlantis and breaks into its Orichalcum reserves to steal them to power his Atlantean machines that are ancient but are of unknown design to modern Atlanteans. They are caught midway and chased by Atlantean forces, with Mera injured in the ensuing battle. Arthur learns that this usage of Orichalcum, which emits high quantities of greenhouse gases, has not only raised planetary temperatures and caused extreme weather and ocean acidification but nearly caused a planetary extinction in the past when used by an ancient Atlantean kingdom. To learn where Manta is hiding, Arthur breaks his half-brother Orm out of prison, and they visit a pirate haven called the Sunken Citadel, meeting Kingfish to learn of Manta's whereabouts. The information they obtain leads them to a volcanic island in the South Pacific, where they battle Manta's forces after getting themselves through flora and fauna mutated by the Orichalcum. There, Orm comes into contact with the Black Trident, which shows him visions of its provenance. Orm learns the trident was created by Kordax, the brother of King Atlan and ruler of the lost kingdom of Necrus. Kordax was imprisoned with blood magic following a failed attempt to usurp the throne. Realizing the blood of any of Atlan's descendants could release Kordax; the pair learn that Manta has kidnapped Arthur Jr. The Atlanteans, with Shin's help, determine that Necrus' prison is located in Antarctica.
In Necrus, Arthur fights Manta and is almost killed before Mera arrives and saves him. Manta throws the Black Trident at Mera, but Orm catches it before it strikes her. The spirit of Kordax leaves Manta for Orm, who proceeds to fight Arthur and uses Arthur's blood to free Kordax. Arthur convinces his brother to give up his hatred for him, allowing him to destroy both Kordax and the Black Trident. With Kordax's magic vanishing, Necrus starts to collapse. Manta refuses Arthur's help and allows himself to fall into a fissure. The Atlanteans and Shin escape to safety and decide that Orm has redeemed himself. They plan to inform Atlantis that Orm died on the condition that he remains hidden, vacating to the surface world. Believing the unification of the underwater kingdoms and the surface world is necessary to prevent further damage to the oceans, Arthur reveals Atlantis' existence through an announcement at the United Nations and declares his intentions of making the kingdom a member state.

 Cast 
Jason Momoa as Arthur Curry / Aquaman:The half-Atlantean, half-human king of Atlantis who can swim at supersonic speeds and summon and command aquatic life, and is the father of Arthur Jr. with Mera. Producer Peter Safran called Arthur the "ultimate outsider", explaining he "doesn't believe he's part of the surface world or Atlantis" and he never felt he belonged in either worlds. Director James Wan said the film was a true continuation of the character's story from the first film Aquaman (2018), explaining that Arthur is forced to juggle his duties as the king of Atlantis with his role as a father while protecting both his family and kingdom. Safran said the heart of the story was that Arthur is a superhero who is both human and a superhuman involved in an epic battle with high stakes. Wan felt including Arthur Jr. in the film was a natural extension of the first film and contrasted Arthur's role as king with the juxtaposition of his domestic responsibilities as a father.
Patrick Wilson as Orm Marius:Arthur's Atlantean half-brother and the former king of Atlantis who is stripped of his title as the Ocean Master and imprisoned in the Sahara desert by the Deserter tribe without water to limit his power for murdering the Fisherman King in the first film, and initially has a disheveled appearance with long hair and a beard. He is freed from prison and recruited by Arthur to find and defeat Black Manta.
Amber Heard as Mera:The queen of Atlantis and former princess of Xebel, Arthur's wife and mother of Arthur Jr., and King Nereus' daughter who can control water. The character is injured early in the film and recovers for much of its events, before joining Aquaman, Orm, and Atlanna in their journey to defeat Black Manta. Several of Heard's scenes were cut during reshoots.
Yahya Abdul-Mateen II as David Kane / Black Manta:A ruthless pirate and high-seas mercenary who uses an Atlantean armored suit and wields the powerful Black Trident, seeking to kill Arthur and his family as revenge for the death of his father. Wan said Black Manta's love for his father and need to avenge his death take a darker turn in the film, with the character becoming more powerful. The director had planned while working on the first film to have Black Manta, who he described as having been a "glorified side character", return as the main antagonist in its sequel, opting to establish his conflictive relationship with Arthur to give him a bigger role in this film. Black Manta seeks to obtain blood from a descendant of the Atlantean king Atlan to free the Black Trident's creator Kordax from his imprisonment in the lost kingdom of Necrus, and commands an army of undead warriors from Necrus using the Black Trident which possesses him. Wan said Black Manta's suit, which forgoes the all-black power suit from the first film for a design that was remade in all-silver and more accurate to the comics' version, as well as his ship and technology, were inspired by the aesthetic of the Silver Age Aquaman comics and Ivan Reis's The New 52 comics.
Randall Park as Dr. Stephen Shin: A marine biologist obsessed with finding Atlantis who works for Black Manta after rescuing him in the first film.
Dolph Lundgren as Nereus: The king of Xebel and Mera's father. Lundgren had a larger role in the original version of the film which he said was reduced during reshoots.
Temuera Morrison as Thomas Curry: Arthur's father who works as a lighthouse keeper at Amnesty Bay.
Martin Short as the voice of Kingfish:A gigantic fish and the confident ruler of the Sunken Citadel, an underwater pirate haven, who Arthur and Orm visit to locate Black Manta. He has a smarmy and cocky voice and behaves like a classical Roman emperor with an extravagant surrounding and lady servants, and is guarded by hammerhead shark bodyguards.
Nicole Kidman as Atlanna:Arthur and Orm's mother and the former queen of Atlantis. Atlanna's role as Arthur's advisor on how the underwater world works was able to be expanded upon given the absence of Nuidis Vulko, who served in that role in the first film and is revealed to have been killed off-screen due to a plague indirectly caused by Black Manta's actions in this film and humanity's pollution from the land affecting the oceans.Also appearing are Vincent Regan as Atlan, the first king of Atlantis; Jani Zhao as Stingray, a loyal member of Black Manta's crew; Indya Moore as Karshon, an Atlantean and the leader of the High Council of the Seven Kingdoms who serves as a political barrier for Arthur by opposing his desire to reveal Atlantis to the human world. The character is not depicted as a shark-like character as she is in the comics; and Pilou Asbæk as Kordax, Atlan's brother who was the creator of the cursed Black Trident and the undead king of the lost kingdom of Necrus, also called the Black City, whose evil spirit possesses Black Manta. This version of Kordax is a composite character of the comics' version and Orin, which was the name of Atlan's brother and Aquaman in some iterations of the comics. Arthur and Mera's son Arthur Jr., who has similar water-based abilities as his parents, is portrayed by various babies including Tyler Burger, Maddox Cruz-Porter, River Ao Moemoea Green, Nikau Keats Green, Bodhi McCabe, Elliot Oben-Pepra, Lucian Oben-Pepra, Arthur Rowe-Mayer, and Noah Rowe-Mayer. Natalia Safran, wife of producer Peter Safran, makes a cameo appearance as a member of the High Council, while archive footage of Michael Beach as Black Manta's father Jesse Kane from the first film is featured.Also returning from the first film are John Rhys-Davies as the voice of the Brine King; as well as the giant seahorse Storm, Arthur's steed; and the octopus T.O.P.O., which stands for "Tactical Observation and Pursuit Operative", who is a tactical covert operative for Atlantis that aids Arthur in freeing Orm and on their quest, in addition to playing several instruments, such as the drums. Wan said T.O.P.O., who was created through visual effects, was a "real character" in the film after briefly appearing in the first film, with an actor occasionally standing in for T.O.P.O. with a stick puppet for Momoa to act against. The director described the character and Arthur as having a fun slightly antagonistic relationship, while Momoa said T.O.P.O. added a lot of comedy which complemented Arthur being "very salty".

 Production 

 Development 
During the production of Aquaman (2018), star Jason Momoa developed a story pitch for a sequel that he gave to Warner Bros. Pictures Group chairman Toby Emmerich and producer Peter Safran. In October 2018, before the film's release, Momoa said he would be more involved in the development of a potential sequel and expected filming to begin in 2019. Director James Wan said there were several storylines that could spin out from Aquaman, with that film introducing seven underwater kingdoms that had yet to be fully explored. Momoa and his producing partner Brian Mendoza wrote a 50-page treatment for the sequel, which Warner Bros. bought but did not entirely follow, and the actor was paid $15 million for his involvement. Emmerich had enough confidence in box office projections for the film by early December to begin discussing a sequel. By the end of January 2019, when Aquaman was set to become the highest-grossing film based on a single DC Comics character, Warner Bros. was in negotiations with Wan to oversee the development and writing of a sequel with the potential to return as director. Geoff Boucher of Deadline Hollywood noted that Wan had been very protective of sequels to his previous films Insidious (2010) and The Conjuring (2013), and was "deeply invested" in the worldbuilding of Aquaman. Wan had previously compared the world of Aquaman to other fictional worlds such as Middle-earth, the Star Wars galaxy, and the Wizarding World.In early February 2019, Warner Bros. hired Noah Gardner and Aidan Fitzgerald to write the script for a "horror-tinged" Aquaman spin-off film titled The Trench, based on one of the kingdoms introduced in the first film. It was expected to have a smaller budget and not feature the main cast of Aquaman, with Wan and Safran producing. Borys Kit of The Hollywood Reporter reported then that there had not yet been serious discussions about a direct sequel to Aquaman between the studio, Wan, and Momoa, due to them wanting to have a "breather" first, but several days later he reported that active development on a sequel was getting underway with the first film's co-writer, and frequent Wan collaborator, David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick signing on to write the screenplay. Wan and Safran were producing the sequel, though it was still unclear if Wan would direct it. At the end of February, Warner Bros. scheduled Aquaman 2 for release on December 16, 2022. The next month, Safran explained that he and Wan did not want to rush a sequel, and Warner Bros. had been supportive of that which is why the film's release was scheduled for four years after the first film. He added that they were approaching the Aquaman franchise in a similar way to The Conjuring Universe, with spin-offs like The Trench exploring stories about the underwater kingdoms alongside the "mothership" films starring Aquaman. Safran said Wan knew "the architecture, the armory, the military, the look, the feel, the general vibe" of each of the seven kingdoms and wanted to explore them all in future projects.In July 2019, Wan was set to direct the film Malignant (2021) before beginning work on Aquaman 2. Patrick Wilson said in November that he had discussed plans for the sequel with Wan and indicated that he would be reprising his role as Orm Marius / Ocean Master from the first film. A month later, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II confirmed that he was returning as David Kane / Black Manta, and was looking to flesh out the character. Johnson-McGoldrick stated in March 2020 that the sequel would not be based on a specific comic book, but was taking inspiration from the Aquaman stories of the Silver Age of Comic Books that featured Black Manta as the villain. Wan was confirmed to be directing the sequel at the virtual DC FanDome event in August, when he said it would be more serious than the first film and feature themes that were more relevant to the real world, such as climate change. He said the creatives were not afraid to address it in a big way through the film, and cited the Aquaman character being environmentally conscious in the comic books as someone who fights to keep the ocean clean. He also affirmed that the film would still remain a "fun action-fantasy movie". Momoa said a scene was featured in the film in which Aquaman addresses the United Nations on climate change, with the actor having also done so at the UN's Ocean Conference. Wan added that it would include more worldbuilding and exploration of the underwater kingdoms, and would feature some horror elements similar to the Trench sequence in the first film. Being able to expand on the worldbuilding of the first film was one of the key reasons that Wan chose to direct the sequel, along with Johnson-McGoldrick's script which Wan felt had a "really cool story to bring all these characters back, and then growing them in a big way". Safran felt embracing the mythic nature of the Aquaman character and pairing that with the film's worldbuilding and visual storytelling made the film compelling, and he and Momoa both believed the film's humor exceeded that of the first film, while Wan said Aquaman was at the center of the film with his charm and humor.Amber Heard debunked rumors in November 2020 that she would not be reprising her role as Mera from the first film following allegations of domestic abuse made against her by her ex-husband Johnny Depp. That month, a petition to have Heard fired from the franchise received more than 1.5 million signatures, and came after Warner Bros. removed Depp from Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore (2022) when allegations made by The Sun that Depp abused Heard were ruled to be "substantially true" in a defamation lawsuit filed by Depp against The Sun. Safran said they never considered making the film without Heard and would not react to the "pure fan pressure" of the petition and other social media conversations. However, Heard later stated, during a defamation trial brought against her by Depp over a column in The Washington Post, that "they didn't want to include" her in the film, and that she had to fight to keep her part. She claimed that revisions were made to the script that reduced her role to a "very pared down version", including removing action sequences for her character, and she was unable to renegotiate her option contract that stipulated she would earn $2 million for the sequel, which was double what she made for the first film. By that point, in May 2022, the petition to have Heard removed from the film had received more than four million signatures.DC Films president and executive producer Walter Hamada testified during the trial that the studio did consider recasting Mera, but this was due to concerns over Heard's lack of chemistry with Momoa rather than the abuse allegations. Tatiana Siegel at Variety also reported that Heard had been "nearly fired" from the sequel after the first film's release due to these concerns after having performed a chemistry test with Momoa for the first film, but these plans were abandoned after her ex-boyfriend Elon Musk intervened. Documents released from the defamation trial described a hostile on-set experience from Heard's perspective allegedly caused by Momoa wanting the actress to be removed from the film and her feeling unsupported by Wan, although a DC spokesperson refuted these claims, calling the production a positive and collaborative experience. Hamada added that it was the studio's philosophy to "hold people to their options" and not to renegotiate contracts, and said the size of Heard's role had not changed during development of the sequel, explaining that the film was always intended to be a "buddy comedy" that focused on the relationship between Aquaman and Orm, which Safran compared to that of Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy's characters in the film 48 Hrs. (1982). Wan later said the film was written as a "bromance action-adventure" story focused on that relationship with the two brothers "overcoming their differences to save the world", compared to the first film which focused on Aquaman's relationship with Mera. The defamation trial's jury found that Heard's Washington Post column had damaged Depp's career and she was ordered to pay him compensation. Social media responses to the trial also heavily favored Depp over Heard, with several memes and videos "mocking her testimony". In June 2022, reports emerged that Heard had been fired from the film following the trial, but these were also debunked. Heard ultimately appeared for around 20 minutes in the film, with two of her scenes–a fight sequence with Black Manta and a love scene with Momoa–reportedly cut during production. Actor Dolph Lundgren, who portrays Mera's father Nereus, later said that he and Heard had larger roles in the original script and cut but that the studio decided to reshoot much of the footage to rebuild the film with a slightly different storyline, resulting in their roles being reduced. Several commentators noted that many of Heard's scenes were cut and that the remaining scenes appeared to be clunky and awkward.

 Pre-production 
Dolph Lundgren said in February 2021 that he was reprising his role as Nereus in the sequel, with filming expected to begin later that year in London. A month later, the planned start date for filming was revealed to be in June, though there was potential for this to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Richard Sale was also revealed to be serving as the costume designer, after previously serving as an assistant costume designer on DC's Wonder Woman 1984 (2020). IWC Schaffhausen created red and blue glowing Super-LumiNova prop watches for the film, which were worn by Abdul-Mateen II and Randall Park. In April, Warner Bros. and DC announced that development on The Trench was no longer moving forward, with the studios not having room for the spin-off on their slate of films and believing Aquaman 2 to be enough of an expansion of the franchise for the time being; Wan later revealed that The Trench had been the working title and a misdirect for a planned Black Manta film. Later that month, Pilou Asbæk entered talks to join the film's cast. Momoa said in May that he would begin filming in July, and Wan announced a month later that the sequel was titled Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom, with Temuera Morrison confirming his return as Aquaman's father Thomas Curry. Willem Dafoe was also reported to be reprising his role as Nuidis Vulko from the first film, but he ultimately did not appear, which Wan attributed to scheduling conflicts. The director felt that Vulko's absence allowed for Atlanna's role to be expanded as her son's advisor on how the underwater world works.

 Filming 
Principal photography began at Warner Bros. Studios, Leavesden in Watford on June 28, 2021, using five stages, the studio backlot, and an external tank. Filming occurred under the working title Necrus, a reference to the lost underwater kingdom of Necrus, which debuted in Aquaman #30 from 1966 as an unstable underwater city, also known as "the Black City", rivaling Atlantis that cannot be in the same location twice and originated from an alien satellite. Commentators felt this working title implied Necrus would be featured in the film, which was later confirmed. Wan said designing the lost kingdom of Necrus was fun, detailing it as a society with various vehicles and weapons, such as the one-man operated machines called the Octobots that move in-and-out of water which Orm encounters. He was inspired for the kingdom's design by the Aquaman comics from the Silver Age of Comic Books in the 1960s and their retro vibe. Wan felt Antarctica and its landscape were familiar while remaining largely unvisited by much of the world, which allowed him to explore a heightened version of it in the lost kingdom. For the lost kingdom, the creatives incorporated ancient Atlantean technology that was more advanced than typical modern technology used by humans and incorporated it in the uniforms and weapons of Black Manta's crew, his colossal submarine, and the Octobots. The kingdom featured a retro sci-fi look similar to what the Silver Age comics in the 1950s believed the future would have looked like, evoking a different age but with a modern spin.Many of the crew members returned from the first film, including Don Burgess as the cinematographer and Bill Brzeski as production designer, with the latter serving alongside Sahby Mehalla. The special effects and visual effects crew invented new technology and VFX rigs for the underwater scenes in the film so it would be easier for the actors to shoot their scenes, with 100 cameras capturing the performances and action scenes, which was then applied to 3D versions of the actors. This new setup came after Wan found the rigging system used on the first film to be complex and it caused physical pain for the actors with its equipment, and Wan found the new setup to be more versatile and safe. Wan said the creatives wanted the sequel to provide a more immersive and exciting experience for audiences while expanding the story and characters, and explained that the depiction of Atlantis in the film was expanded upon from the first film by providing the city depths, residential areas, and an area inspired by Times Square, while also exploring some of its politics. Atlantis was also given more color and vibrancy. Safran felt the different look and feel of Atlantis was still anchored in what audiences liked from the first film while still feeling fresh and new, highlighting Wan's ability to capture the fantasy and colors of the new worlds being explored. To create the various underwater worlds and creatures, Wan and the creatives transitioned away from the blue screen method used on the first film, and instead used new technology called Eyeline Studio, which saw the actors in circular booths surrounded by 136 cameras, which producer Rob Cowan said changed the creative and practical methods of shooting the film.In August 2021, Wan said the sequel was strongly influenced by the film Planet of the Vampires (1965), as well as "old-school Euro-horror" and the stop motion monsters created by animator Ray Harryhausen. He said the film had a "very retro" look similar to the horror films of the 1960s, and featured unsettling mechanical creatures which had an "old-school sci-fi and horror" feeling, which was connected to Black Manta's role in the film. Brzeski compared the film to Harryhausen's work on the films The 7th Voyage of Sinbad (1958) and Jason and the Argonauts (1963) for being a fantastical adventure with a "great quest and monsters", such as the Deserter tribe which are located in the Sahara desert and evolved into vampiric creatures by relying on blood for moisture, while incorporating issues modern audiences could relate to. Wilson said they pushed the fight scenes and stunts further than the first film in addition to exploring the characters' relationships. He also revealed that the character T.O.P.O., an octopus playing drums, appears in the film. Wan said that, following the positive reception to T.O.P.O.'s brief appearance in the first film, he and Johnson-McGoldrick decided to give the character a significant role in the sequel, and believed the inclusion of T.O.P.O. and other creatures from the Aquaman comics allowed audiences to know they were embracing the character's fictional world.Location shooting took place at Saunton Sands beach, Devon, in early September, and at Piccadilly in the City of Westminster, London. Later that month, Asbæk's casting was confirmed, portraying King Atlan's brother Kordax; Randall Park was revealed to be returning from the first film as Dr. Stephen Shin; Vincent Regan had been cast as the ancient king Atlan, replacing Graham McTavish who briefly portrayed the character in the first film; Jani Zhao was set to portray Stingray, an original character for the film, in her first English-language feature role; and Indya Moore was revealed to be portraying Karshon in the sequel. After shooting 95 percent of the film in the United Kingdom, production moved to Hawaii until December 9, for on-location shooting. Filming also occurred in Jersey City, New Jersey that year. Nicole Kidman was confirmed to have reprised her role as Aquaman's mother Atlanna shortly after that. Filming then moved to Los Angeles, and officially wrapped on January 12, 2022, in Malibu. Filming was completed on time and under budget, and reportedly needed around a week of reshoots.

 Post-production 
Warner Bros. adjusted its release schedule in March 2022 due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the workload of visual effects vendors. Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom was moved to March 17, 2023, and The Flash was also moved from 2022 to 2023, to allow time for their visual effects work to be completed, while Shazam! Fury of the Gods was moved up to this film's previous release date because it would be ready for release earlier. Wan said he was thankful for this delay as it allowed more time for work on the visual effects and the new technology for it, which he called groundbreaking. Wilson said they used new VFX techniques for The Lost Kingdom and The Flash. Wan said that while he loved the Christmas release timeframe for the film, the film would not have made its prior release date. He had also been working on his director's cut at this time. In June 2022, the final writing credits were revealed: Johnson-McGoldrick received screenplay credit, while the duos of Wan and Johnson-McGoldrick, and Momoa and his producing partner Thomas Pa'a Sibbett received story credit.Momoa revealed in July 2022 that Ben Affleck was reprising his DC Extended Universe (DCEU) role of Bruce Wayne / Batman for reshoots on the Warner Bros. backlot in Burbank, California. Aaron Couch of The Hollywood Reporter reported soon after that Michael Keaton had filmed a scene as his version of Bruce Wayne / Batman from Tim Burton's Batman (1989) and Batman Returns (1992). Keaton's version was set to be introduced to the DCEU in The Flash before that film's release was pushed to after Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom's. The scene reportedly confused audiences during test screenings, and Couch felt this was why Affleck joined the reshoots. The film was tested at this time and received mixed results, which continued after it was recut in mid-2022, prompting a new cut to be made. The next month, after Warner Bros.' parent company WarnerMedia merged with Discovery, Inc. to form Warner Bros. Discovery earlier that year, the studio delayed the film to December 25, 2023, to help spread out the marketing and distribution costs for its feature films. This pushed the film's release to after the planned release of The Flash, which meant there was potential for Keaton's version of Batman to appear in the film instead of Affleck's. In October, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Keaton's cameo had potentially been cut. Around that time, Warner Bros. film chairs Michael De Luca and Pamela Abdy told Wan to reduce the budget for reshoots, as the film's budget had reached $205 million during production. By mid-November, Safran had been "fixing" the film, after he had become the co-CEO of the newly formed DC Studios with James Gunn, who had provided notes on the film by the following month. Momoa said in January 2023 that he had shot scenes with a couple of actors as Batman, but was unsure which would be included in the final cut.In April 2023, the film's release date was moved up five days earlier to December 20, 2023. Between mid-2022 and the start of 2023, two sets of reshoots took place following several test screenings, with De Luca and Abdy involved in editing the film. After further test screenings in early 2023, Gunn then consulted on the film. Those reshoots concluded right before the 2023 Writers Guild of America strike began that May, and the studios approached a third set of reshoots, which increased the film's budget, to occur in New Zealand over five days in mid-June with Momoa and Wilson, and was completed in four days. By then, both Affleck and Keaton were excluded from the latest cut of the film due to Gunn and Safran's plans to reboot the DCEU into their new franchise the DC Universe (DCU); neither actor appeared in the final version of the film. Following the reshoots, the film's budget ultimately reached $215 million. Around that time, Wan said he had to make some adjustments during production as it had been challenging to keep track of the different versions of the DCEU while remaining mindful of other plans for the franchise, but was fortunate that the Aquaman films were "far removed" from the rest of the DCEU films and characters. In September, Wan said the film would not be connected to any previous DCEU films as he was uncertain if it was going to be released before or after The Flash. He explained that he had directed a relatively small amount of additional photography, which he described as a routine part of the production process, due to some actors being unavailable during some parts of principal photography. The following month, the film was delayed two days to December 22, 2023. In November, Warner Bros. signed a new multi-year co-financing deal with Domain Capital for their theatrical films, including The Lost Kingdom, through that company's $700 million fund for media and entertainment.Kirk Morri returned as the editor from the first film, and Nick Davis served as the visual effects supervisor, having previously worked on The Dark Knight (2008). Nearly each frame in the film featured visual effects, which were provided by Cinesite, DNEG, Industrial Light & Magic (ILM), Moving Picture Company (MPC), Scanline VFX, and Rodeo FX.

 Music 
Rupert Gregson-Williams revealed in August 2021 that he was returning to compose the score for the sequel after doing so for the first film and DC's Wonder Woman (2017). The song "Deep End" was performed by X Ambassadors and released as a single on November 17, 2023. The soundtrack album for Gregson-Williams' score was released by WaterTower Music on December 22.

 Marketing 
Wan and Wilson teased plans for the film in a panel at the virtual DC FanDome event in August 2020. A year later, at DC FanDome 2021, concept art and behind-the-scenes footage from filming were revealed. In February 2022, the first footage from the film was released as part of a teaser for Warner Bros.' 2022 slate of DC films, which also included The Batman, Black Adam, and The Flash (before Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom and The Flash were delayed to 2023 in the following month). Wan promoted the film at Warner Bros.' CinemaCon panel in April 2022, showing a recorded message of Momoa as well as some brief footage from the film. He then revealed more concept art for the film when its release date was delayed in August. The first trailer was showcased during Warner Bros.' CinemaCon panel in April 2023, showing the "bromance" between Arthur and Orm among other footage. Steve Weintraub at Collider said the footage looked "absolutely massive in scale" and featured several action sequences. The first theatrical trailer was released on September 14, 2023. The cast were not able to participate in marketing during the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike, until the strike's conclusion in November. IWC Schaffhausen, in collaboration with Warner Bros. Pictures, released an Aquatimer Perpetual Calendar Digital Date-Month diving watch, inspired by the watches worn by Abdul-Mateen II and Park in the film.

 Release 

 Theatrical 
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom premiered on December 19, 2023, at a fan event screening at the Grove at Farmers Market in Los Angeles. This was noted by Borys Kit of The Hollywood Reporter for not having a red carpet event and after party, with Wan and Momoa attending after a series of blue carpet photo calls and small-scale fan events in London, Beijing, and Los Angeles. The film was released in China on December 20, and in the United States on December 22, in IMAX, 3D, and 4DX, among other premium large formats (PLFs). It was originally set for release on December 16, 2022, but was moved to March 17, 2023, when Warner Bros. adjusted its release schedule due to the COVID-19 pandemic's impact on the workload of visual effects vendors. It was then moved to December 25, 2023, when Warner Bros. Discovery was trying to spread out marketing and distribution costs, before moving forward to December 20, and then pushed back by two days to December 22.

 Home media 
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom was released by Warner Bros. Home Entertainment on digital download on January 23, 2024, and is scheduled to be released on Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray, and DVD on March 12. It includes behind-the-scenes featurettes, as well as the special feature Atlantean Blood is Thicker Than Water exploring Aquaman and Orm's dynamic on the former two versions, and the original motion comic Aquaman: Through Fire and Water on premium digital versions.

 Reception 

 Box office 
As of February 5, 2024, Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom has grossed $120.8 million in the United States and Canada, and $303 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $423.8 million.In the United States and Canada, Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom was released alongside Migration, Anyone but You and The Iron Claw, and was projected to gross around $40 million in its four-day opening weekend. The film earned $13.7 million on its first day, including $4.5 million from Thursday night previews. It went on to have a traditional opening weekend of $27.7 million, the fourth-lowest of the DCEU, and the second-lowest among those films unaffected by the COVID-19 pandemic. It then made $10.6 million on Christmas Day, for a four-day total of $38.3 million. In its second weekend the film made $19.5 million, a drop of 30%, finishing second at the box office behind Wonka. The film earned $10.6 million and $5.3 million in the following two weekends, finishing in third and sixth, respectively. Aidan Kelly of Collider estimated that the film needed to earn $305–355 million worldwide to break even, while /Film's Hannah Shaw-Williams thought it was "unlikely" that the film would break even during its theatrical run after surpassing a worldwide gross of $400 million.

 Critical response 
The film received negative reviews from critics. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 34% of 201 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 4.9/10. The website's consensus reads: "Jason Momoa remains a capable and committed leading man, but even DC diehards may feel that Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom sticks to familiar waters." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 42 out of 100, based on 43 critics, indicating "mixed or average" reviews. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale, tied with Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and The Flash for the lowest of the DCEU, while PostTrak reported 69% of filmgoers gave it a positive score, with 50% saying they would definitely recommend the film.Initial reviews, described as largely negative, praised the chemistry between Momoa and Wilson, despite the overall disappointment with the film's content and execution. Both Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian and The Independent's Claire Loughrey provided a one-star rating for the film. Bradshaw compared the humor to Taika Waititi's Marvel films Thor: Ragnarok (2017) and Thor: Love and Thunder (2022) and felt Aquaman's role as a father was a derivative trope "used as a tired reliability short-cut by Hollywood". He also lamented Randall Park's role in the film, feeling it was "entirely wasted", and expressed ambivalent feelings about the cast performances. Meanwhile, Loughrey labelled the film as being an "entry in the rogues' gallery of brainless franchise films", opining that Wan might have incorporated elements from his planned project The Trench into the project. She was surprised the film's themes was about climate change and thought Mera's role was "faux-feminist" and narratively contrived, noting Amber Heard's legal controversies. Furthermore, she also called the set pieces "derivative" and thought the humor negatively impacted the film's emotional moments. Giving a two-star review, writer Nicholas Barber of the BBC began by expressing his views that Aquaman's box office revenue was the primary reason for this film's existence. However, he praised the performances of Wilson, Momoa, and Abdul-Mateen, and was not impacted by the omission of Amber Heard's scenes, which he thought was edited. He felt the film never "attempts anything original or honest" and disliked the editing as he perceived his viewing experience as "rush[ing] through every potentially major event in a blur of montages and voiceovers". David Fear of Rolling Stone felt it functioned a standalone film and was separate from the DCEU, but disliked the tone and visual effects. Fear also called the storytelling "curiously thin" and was mixed on its commentary regarding climate change, but appreciated Momoa's performance and adequately concluded the DCEU. CNN's Brian Lowry negatively compared it to Wonder Woman 1984 (2020) and felt the lack of a new antagonist was to its detriment, calling David Kane a "one-note villain". He enjoyed Momoa's performance and thought it contributed to the film's "fun", but also was not interested in Curry and Orm's relationship as it "wades through too many clunky moments to reach the few good ones".Wan's direction was commended by Alissa Wilkinson in The New York Times and Phil Owen in GameSpot, with Wilkinson crediting him with creating a film "beyond the paint-by-numbers superhero movies we've been watching for decades now". Wilkinson also enjoyed the political commentary, as she felt certain elements were metaphors to authoritarianism and fascism. She primarily enjoyed Wilson's performance and Orm's character development compared to Aquaman, but felt certain plot elements and the humor became repetitive and boring. Owen commended the production values but felt it lacked "substance" and was "empty-headed", going on to give the film an 8 out of 10. The A.V. Club's Matthew Jackson gave it a B grade, enthusiastically enjoying the film's depiction of Orm and Arthur's relationship, calling that "formula ... absolute gold, both on a set piece and a character level". However, Jackson opined the narrative contained too much and disliked the plotting, but still felt it could effectively tell a cohesive narrative and enjoyed his overall viewing experience. Tara McNamara of Common Sense Media gave it three out of five stars, writing: "This action fantasy is best described as 'dumb fun'; you can't help but enjoy yourself, even if you feel brain cells dripping out of your ear." Fred Topel from United Press International highlighted the themes of brothers having conflicts and the environmental messaging of the film, and that the irreverent humor made the film's convoluted plot fun and enjoyable.

 Accolades 
At the 49th People's Choice Awards, Momoa was nominated for the Action Movie Star of the Year. The film was nominated for Outstanding Animated Character in a Photoreal Feature at the 22nd Visual Effects Society Awards for the character T.O.P.O. the Octopus.

 Future 
In December 2022, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Warner Bros. was considering ending the Aquaman film series and recasting Momoa as the character Lobo following Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom. In January 2023, Momoa stated that he would "always be Aquaman", but felt that he could also portray other characters. Later that month, DC Studios co-CEOs Gunn and Safran said there was potential for Momoa to reprise his role in the DCU, but a decision on Aquaman had not been made. No actor would be playing multiple characters, so if they did cast Momoa as Lobo he would not portray Aquaman in the DCU. Gunn confirmed that Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom, alongside The Flash, would lead into the DCU's first film Superman: Legacy (2025). Safran expressed interest in continuing to work with Momoa, either within the world of Aquaman or finding another character. He explained that they set a high bar for casting, and felt that Momoa's Aquaman was a perfect casting.In September 2023, Gunn clarified that any DC media released before the first projects for the DCU in 2024 would not be canon to that franchise, leading commentators to question the possibility of a potential continuation moving forward. Wan said The Lost Kingdom would help set up a sequel and expressed interest in directing it after a long break. The following month, Variety reported that none of the main cast members from Zack Snyder's DCEU films would reprise their roles in the DCU, including Momoa as Aquaman. However, Momoa had reportedly been in talks to portray Lobo in either Superman: Legacy or a solo film for the character.Ahead of The Lost Kingdom's release in December 2023, Momoa said it could be his last time portraying Aquaman, explaining that if the film was received well by audiences that a sequel could be possible, but he felt it was "not looking too good" for him reprising the role. The actor said he had a lot of ideas for the character, and indicated that a younger character, such as Aquaman's son Arthur Jr., could be featured in a potential third Aquaman film. He also said that he would not be replaced with a different actor as Aquaman. Safran said at that time that Momoa would "always have a home at DC" and that "we'll see what happens with him beyond" this film.

 See also 
List of underwater science fiction works

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Official website  (Archived January 10, 2024, at the Wayback Machine)
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom at WarnerBros.com
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom at DC.com
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom at IMDb 
Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom at AllMovie

Freddie Fox (actor)
Frederick Samson Robert Morice Fox (born 5 April 1989) is an English film and stage actor. His prominent screen performances include roles as singer Marilyn in the BBC's Boy George biopic Worried About the Boy (2010), Freddie Baxter in series Cucumber (2015) and Banana (2015), and Jeremy Bamber in White House Farm (2020).
His many notable theatre credits include starring as Simon Bliss in Hay Fever (2012) at the Noël Coward Theatre; as Oscar Wilde's young lover Lord Alfred "Bosie" Douglas in The Judas Kiss (2012–2013) at the Hampstead Theatre, during a UK tour, and in a West End transfer; as Romeo in Romeo and Juliet (2015) at the Sheffield Crucible and in Kenneth Branagh's 2016 production at the Garrick Theatre; as Tristan Tzara in Travesties (2016–2017) at the Menier Chocolate Factory and Apollo Theatre; as Lord Goring in An Ideal Husband (2018) at the Vaudeville Theatre; and as Edmond Rostand in Edmond de Bergerac (2019) at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre and during a UK tour.
Fox appeared on the big screen in The Three Musketeers (2011), The Riot Club (2014), Pride (2014), Victor Frankenstein (2015), King Arthur: Legend of the Sword (2017), Black '47 (2018) and Fanny Lye Deliver'd (2019).

 Early life and education 

Frederick Samson Robert Morice Fox was born on 5 April 1989 in Hammersmith, London. He was raised between London and the family home in Kimmeridge Bay, Dorset and was surrounded by actors and writers from a young age.He is the son of actress Joanna David (née Joanna Elizabeth Hacking) and actor Edward Fox. He is the younger brother of actress Emilia Fox and the half-brother of Lucy Arabella Preston (the Viscountess Gormanston), the grandson of actress Angela Worthington Fox and theatrical agent Robin Fox, and the great-grandson of the playwright Frederick Lonsdale. He is the nephew of producer Robert Fox and actor James Fox, and a cousin to actors Laurence, Jack and Lydia Fox. He was named after Fred Zinnemann, who directed his father in The Day of the Jackal, and after his great-great grandfather Victorian industrialist Samson Fox, who invented the corrugated boiler flue and built Harrogate's former Kursaal now known as the Royal Hall. Asked if he believes in his acting gene, he said, "I used not to until my sister Milly was on the BBC's Who Do You Think You Are?" where they discovered the thespian thread goes back 100 years.From 1994 to 2002, Fox was educated at Arnold House School, a preparatory school for boys in the St John's Wood area of London, where he was head boy. He was prefect during secondary school at Bryanston School, a boarding school in Dorset where he perfected his elocution and overcame fairly serious dyslexia. During his time there, he portrayed a headmaster in A Risky Business, a play written especially for him by a classics master.He then attended the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London and graduated in 2010. His drama teachers praised his talent for acting.

 Career 

 Beginnings 
Fox's first screen appearance was at age seven as an extra in the 1997 TV adaptation of Rebecca. In 2009, he appeared in St Trinian's 2: The Legend of Fritton's Gold as head boy and in Agatha Christie's Marple as Tom Savage. In 2010, he starred as Jamie in the musical The Last Five Years at the Silk Street Theatre and, after a sell-out success, at the Barbican Pit Theatre.

 2010–2015: Worried About the Boy, Cucumber, Banana 
Fox starred in his first breakthrough role as the androgynous 1980s pop star Marilyn in Worried About The Boy based on the life of the singer Boy George. He appeared as Peter Scabius in Any Human Heart and as Guy Wells in Rosamunde Pilcher's Shades of Love. He played cleft-palated Camille Chandebise in A Flea in Her Ear at The Old Vic, Tony Davenport in the stage play revival of Cause Célèbre at The Old Vic, and Ratallack in The Shadow Line.
His international film debut came through his role as King Louis XIII of France in The Three Musketeers (2011). In 2012, he played the title role in The Mystery of Edwin Drood. He appeared in Lewis as Sebastian Dromgoole and in Tom Stoppard's critically acclaimed period drama Parade's End as Edward Wannop. He then played Simon Bliss in Hay Fever at the Noël Coward Theatre and made an early career impact as Oscar Wilde's young lover Lord Alfred "Bosie" Douglas in The Judas Kiss (2012–2013) at the Hampstead Theatre, during a UK tour, and in its West End transfer. Fox voiced Prince Louis of Battenberg in Margy Kinmonth's Royal Paintbox with HRH The Prince of Wales featuring the artworks of the British royal family across centuries. He also starred as Sandy Irvine in Words of Everest.
In Lone Scherfig's The Riot Club (2014) Fox played James Leighton-Masters, the outgoing president of the ten-member elite Oxford University club. Based on Laura Wade's hit play Posh, it tackles class and social structure as a commentary on the Bullingdon Club. He appeared as Jeff Cole in the critically acclaimed historical comedy-drama Pride and starred in Anthony Fabian's Freeze-Frame (2014) commissioned by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office to promote collaboration between China and UK's film industries.In 2015, he played the breakout 'bisexual nympho' Freddie Baxter in the Channel 4 hit series Cucumber, a role which he reprised in E4's Banana, and appeared as himself in Tofu. Both Cucumber and Banana were nominated for the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding TV Movie or Limited Series in 2016. i-D said of Fox, "you can't deny he's a connoisseur at picking the parts which have maximum impact." Fox then played the wealthy aristocrat Finnegan, the benefactor of the title character's Prometheus creation in Victor Frankenstein.

 2015–2017: Romeo and Juliet, Travesties, Dennis and Gnasher: Unleashed! 
In June 2016, he was announced as third prize winner at the 2015 Ian Charleson Awards, having played the role of Romeo in Romeo and Juliet (2015) to great acclaim at the Sheffield Crucible. His proficiency with the role led him to be called into service again as Romeo in Kenneth Branagh's 2016 production at the Garrick Theatre on short notice when the preceding Romeo and his understudy were both injured. With just a 2-day rehearsal after he was cast, Fox took over the role on 26 July and performed it until the end of the play's run on 13 August, garnering rave reviews and impressing cast and crew. He then starred in The Northleach Horror as the maverick scientist Whitsuntide and led the cast of A Midsummer Night's Dream at Southwark Playhouse as Nick Bottom / Demetrius.He performed as poet Tristan Tzara, one of the founders and central figures of the Dada movement, in Tom Stoppard's Travesties from September until November 2016 at the Menier Chocolate Factory, the play being listed in The Arts Desk's Best of 2016: Theatre. The following year, it ran for a West End revival from February to April 2017 at the Apollo Theatre to widespread acclaim, subsequently earning Fox nominations at the Laurence Olivier Awards for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and the WhatsOnStage Awards for Best Supporting Actor in a Play.He then voiced Dennis in hit computer-animated series Dennis & Gnasher: Unleashed!, in its launch becoming the highest-rated animated show on CBBC for 6 to 12 year olds and one of the top 10 shows for kids across all channels. Its first season received nominations at the 2018 British Animation Awards as Best Children's Series, the 2019 Kidscreen Awards as Best Animated Series, and the 2018 International Emmy Kids Awards in the Animation category. He then appeared as Rubio in King Arthur: Legend of the Sword (2017) directed by Guy Ritchie. Fox played key scenes as Mr. Sloane in Joe Orton Laid Bare, voiced a character/s in Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2, and voiced Corvin in Xenoblade Chronicles 2.

 2018–2019: The Ice King, An Ideal Husband, Hero, Edmond de Bergerac, Fanny Lye Deliver'd 
In February 2018, Fox starred as the British Commander Pope in Black '47, Ireland's first historical film on the Great Famine of 1847. Released in the same month at the CPH:DOX to great acclaim was James Erskine's The Ice King narrated by Fox which profiles the life of John Curry who revolutionised ice skating from a dated sport into an exalted art form and became the first openly gay Olympian when homosexuality was still illegal. Little White Lies remarks, "Fox affects Curry's distinctive accent with remarkable accuracy." In An Ideal Husband, which ran from May to July 2018 at the Vaudeville Theatre to critical acclaim, Freddie starred with his father Edward for the first time playing fictional father and son the Earl of Caversham and Lord Goring. According to Financial Times, Freddie "effortlessly delivers that mix of insouciance and gravity" and, for The Telegraph,"embodies the Wildean spirit of modernity".In the same year was his directorial debut through the short film Hero (2018), which he co-wrote and co-produced, centred on an isolated young boy and a decaying old film star brought together by their shared love of the silver screen. It premiered in August at the Rhode Island International Film Festival where he won the Grand Prize (Short) for Directorial Discovery Award. It was subsequently selected at the Kerry Film Festival and the Linea d'Ombra Film Festival, and released on Amazon UK and ITunes in multiple countries in November 2019.In 2019, he headlined the English production of Edmond de Bergerac playing the titular role playwright Edmond Rostand at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre before touring the UK to great acclaim. The Guardian raved that as Edmond, Fox is "by turns a jangle of nerves, a lead weight of despondency and a blaze of success." Fox then voiced Captain Holly in Watership Down and played the characters Jokannen, Dorian Gray, and Lord Goring in The Importance of Being Oscar. He starred as Detective Sargeant Wilbur Strauss in the highly rated Victorian comedy Year of the Rabbit, which he described as his "first real comedy show" and "a total lesson in improvised and situational comedy" that he had never had before. He also rendered dramatic performances in "The Class Ceiling" episode of Novels That Shaped Our World. Thomas Clay's Fanny Lye Deliver'd then premiered to positive reviews as a new cult classic set in 1657 Shropshire where Fox played Thomas Ashbury. The Independent said that he "gives Thomas a flash of predatory charisma,"  and according to The Irish News, "preaches 'perfect libertinism' in captivating sermons".

 2020–present: White House Farm 
At the start of 2020, Fox delivered a persuasive performance in his role as the convicted mass murderer Jeremy Bamber in the ITV crime drama White House Farm based on the White House Farm murders in August 1985. In preparation, he created a psychology as convincing and enigmatic as the character should be "to leave the viewer asking questions". The London Evening Standard praised Fox's "ambiguous, wide-eyed look that hovers between angelic and devious, that it's hard to know whether to feel sympathy or suspicion." The Times remarked that he managed to be both "revealing and inscrutable, which can't be easy." The series won as Best New Drama at the 2020 TV Choice Awards leading to its international release on HBO Max in September 2020 and on Netflix in February 2021. Subsequently, he appeared on his co-star Cressida Bonas' podcast Fear Itself, where he expressed his fear of not reaching his full potential.In the same year, Fox guest-starred as the alcoholic busker Miles Stevens in McDonald & Dodds and as King Hugo of Sweden in Hulu's critically acclaimed comedy-drama series The Great (2020). He reprised his voice-over role as Dennis in the second season of Dennis & Gnasher: Unleashed! from which select episodes were condensed into the film Dennis and Gnasher: Unleashed! On the Big Screen. He then portrayed Margaret Thatcher's son Mark Thatcher in season 4 of the award-winning Netflix historical drama series The Crown (2020).In 2021, Fox opened The Golden Era of Broadway episode of The Theatre Channel, singing an arrangement of "Willkommen" and "Money" from Cabaret, and starred as Tony Kroesig, a Bullingdon club member and aristocrat banker turned politician, in The Pursuit of Love.
In April 2023, it was announced that Fox had been cast as Ser Gwayne Hightower in the second season of House of the Dragon.

 Philanthropy 
Fox is a patron of the St Giles Trust and Future 5 — a campaign by Prostate Cancer Research Centre. He is also an honorary vice president of the Story of Christmas Appeal. In March 2015, he became the face of Live Below The Line. An avid runner himself, he supported the St James's Place Foundation Triathlon and Duathlon in 2016 which raised £1.3m for Hope and Homes for Children. He was involved with the charity when he visited orphanages in Rwanda in 2015 and in Uganda in 2018 which he wrote about in a two-part blog entry, "Love is Everything—Freddie Fox in Uganda". He is a frequent supporter and reader at fundraising activities and charity events of The Poetry Hour, Breast Cancer Now, the Brain Tumour Research Campaign, The Story of Christmas Appeal, and The National Brain Appeal among others. In 2020, he participated in a charity reading of Tom Stoppard's The Real Inspector Hound that was produced by Lockdown Theatre in association with The Royal Theatrical Fund. In 2021, he performed with Alfie Boe on a global livestream concert, Alfie Boe & Friends Live At The Savoy "Lockdown Edition",  which sold tickets to donate to Hospitality Action and the Connection at St. Martin's.

 Public image 
Fox is described by The Guardian as "deliciously debonair" and "at age 23, is all responsive intelligence and poised charm and is unguarded – as people happy in their own skins often are." "He is almost tyrannically polite and charming," says The Telegraph, and, "raised in a pack of upper-class thespians, his every utterance comes as a measured, um-less paragraph." Often branded as an acting royalty, he comes from a family whose decades-long performances formed a dynasty which he now fronts as the latest scion. Amidst inevitable assumptions, he clarifies that though his parents' ties may have opened doors to agents, it is "not a masonic back door to every job".Another Magazine remarked that at the age of 23, Fox "has surprisingly well-formed opinions on men's style." According to The Gentleman's Journal, whose cover he headlined on their Autumn 2014 issue, Fox "continues to impress commentators with his suave, dandy-esque style." He was featured in The Chap's Summer 2018 edition in what the magazine boasts of as their best edition, saying that "no previous issue has so comprehensively gathered so many vital strands of 'anarcho-dandyism'". Fox launched the opening of White Shirt Week in St James's, London in 2013. His commentary on the role his costume played in The Riot Club was featured on Financial Times.Averse to social media, he said that he keeps a boundary while talking about things he is interested in to preserve his mystery as an actor "so that there's still an element of surprise about where characters come from."

 Personal life 
Fox dated Tamzin Merchant, his co-star in The Mystery of Edwin Drood, for two years until September 2013. In June 2020, it was reported that he was dating Sex Education star Tanya Reynolds, whom he met in 2016 during production of Fanny Lye Deliver'd. While promoting Cucumber in 2015, Fox stated that he hopes to "fall in love with another person, as opposed to a sex" and expounded further in 2020 saying that "being able to say that you have a more rounded experience as a human being, whether it be through sexuality, or whatever, is now perceived as a real advantage".

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Theatre 

 Web 

 Directed film 

 Concert performance 

 Video games 

 Radio and audio 
Since 2010, Freddie Fox has voiced characters in numerous radio productions of the BBC.

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 

Freddie Fox at IMDb

List of people from Lyon County, Kansas
The following is a list of people from Lyon County, Kansas.  Inclusion on the list should be reserved for notable people past and present who have resided in the county, either in cities or rural areas.

 List of people from Lyon County, Kansas 

 Academics 
Frank A. Beach, ethologist, best known as co-author of the 1951 book Patterns of Sexual Behavior
Carl Salser, former Dean of the College of Education at Oregon State University

 Arts and communication 
Don Coldsmith, author of primarily Western fiction
Melora Creager, formerly cellist and lead singer and chief composer of the trio Rasputina
R. Lee Ermey, actor
Thelma Hill, silent film star
Evan Lindquist, artist, printmaker, and Artist Laureate of the State of Arkansas
Keith Waldrop, author
William Allen White, publisher
William Lindsay White, publisher

 Athletics 

 American football 
See also List of Emporia State Hornets head football coachesHorace Botsford, college football coach 1901-1903
Henry Brock, college football coach
Harold Elliott, college football coach
Jim Everett, NFL quarterback
Homer Woodson Hargiss, college football coach
Lem Harkey, San Francisco 49ers
Fred Honhart, college football coach
Jerry Kill, college football coach
John Lamb, first coach of the Emporia State Hornets football team
Leon Lett, professional football player with the Dallas Cowboys
Manny Matsakis, college football coach
H. D. McChesney, college football coach
Paul Samson, American football
Owen Samuels, college football coach
Bob Seaman, college football coach; became head coach after Wichita State University football team plane crash
Norman Sterry, college football player
Fran Welch, college football coach
Dave Wiemers, college football coach
Fred Williams, college football coach

 Auto racing 
Clint Bowyer, NASCAR driver

 Baseball 
Ross Grimsley, baseball player

 Basketball 
Dean Smith, college basketball coach

 Golf 
J. L. Lewis, professional golfer

 Clergy 
Bob Mize, Bishop of Damaraland from 1960

 Infamous 
Mark Essex, spree killer who killed 9 people, including 5 police officers, and wounded 13 others in New Orleans on December 31, 1972 and January 7, 1973

 Military 
James Harbord, Lieutenant General in the United States Army
Grant F. Timmerman, U.S. Marine posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor during World War II

 Politicians 
Jim Barnett, politician
Don Hill, politician
Jeff Longbine, politician
Peggy Mast, Kansas politician
Bob Price, politician from Texas
Edward Herbert Rees, teacher and member of the United States House of Representatives
Roy Wilford Riegle, Probate Judge, Senate Member, Masonic Society Grand Master
Louise Porter, Kansas State Senator

 Other 
Alvin M. Johnston, test pilot
Maud Wagner, the first female tattoo artist in the U.S.

 See also 
Lists of people from Kansas

 References 

Albury
Albury (; Wiradjuri: Bungambrawatha) is a major regional city that is located in the   Murray region of New South Wales, Australia. It is located on the Hume Highway and the northern side of the Murray River. Albury is the seat of local government for the council area which also bears the city's name – the City of Albury. It is on the Victoria–New South Wales border.
Albury has an urban population of 53,677 and is separated from its twin city in Victoria, Wodonga, by the Murray River. Together, the two cities form an urban area with a population of 97,793 in 2021. It is 554 kilometres (344 mi) from the state capital Sydney and 326 kilometres (203 mi) from the Victorian capital Melbourne.
Said to be named after a village in England, United Kingdom, Albury developed as a major transport link between New South Wales and Victoria and was proclaimed a city in 1946.

 History 
The Wiradjuri people were the first known humans to occupy the area, (Wiradjuri northern dialect pronunciation [wiraːjd̪uːraj]) or Wirraayjuurray people (Wiradjuri southern dialect pronunciation [wiraːjɟuːraj]) are a group of Indigenous Australian Aboriginal people that were united by a common language, strong ties of kinship and survived as skilled hunter–fisher–gatherers in family groups or clans scattered throughout central New South Wales.
In the 21st century, major Wiradjuri groups live in Condobolin, Peak Hill, Narrandera and Griffith. There are significant populations at Wagga Wagga and Leeton and smaller groups at West Wyalong, Parkes, Dubbo, Forbes, Cootamundra, Cowra and Young.

 European exploration 
The explorers Hume and Hovell arrived at what their maps called 'Crossing Point', but is now known as the Murray River at Albury, on 16 November 1824. They named the river the Hume River, after Hume's father, and the next day inscribed a tree by the river bank before continuing their journey south to Westernport in Victoria. In 1830, explorer Captain Charles Sturt discovered the Hume River downstream at its junction with the Murrumbidgee River. Not realising it was the same river, he named it the Murray River. Both names persisted for some time, Hume falling into disuse eventually in favour of Murray. The Aboriginal name for the river was Millewa. A crossing place for the Murray became popular close to where Hovell inscribed the tree. In summer it was usually possible to cross the river by foot.

 British settlement 
Among the first squatters to follow in the steps of the explorers and settle in the district were William Wyse and Charles Ebden.
The first European buildings erected at the crossing place were a provisions store and some small huts. A survey for a town was commissioned in 1838 by Assistant Surveyor Thomas Townsend who mapped out Wodonga Place (the present Wodonga Place) as the western boundary, Hume Street as the northern boundary, Kiewa Street to the east and Nurigong Street to the south, with Townsend Street being the only other north–south road, and Ebden and Hovell Streets being the two other east–west roads. Townsend proposed the settlement be named 'Bungambrawatha ', the Aboriginal name for the area, but when his plan was eventually approved and published in the Government Gazette on 13 April 1839 the name had been changed to Albury.Albury is said to be named after a village in Kent, England which it apparently resembled, though that referenced publication seems incorrect since there is no Albury in Kent. More  plausible is Albury in adjacent Surrey, straddling the Tillingbourne river and a significant 18th century site of mills and industry.

 Frontier town 
By 1847 the Albury settlement included two public houses and a handful of huts, a police barracks and a blacksmiths. A log punt established in 1844 serviced the crossing of the Murray River. Albury Post Office opened on 1 April 1843, closed in 1845, then reopened in the township on 1 February 1847.In 1851, with the separation of Victoria from New South Wales, and the border falling on the Murray River, Albury found itself a frontier town. With an increase in commerce with Melbourne, the first bridge was built in 1860 to the design of surveyor William Snell Chauncy. Albury at this time became a customs post between the two colonies as New South Wales held a protectionist stance after gaining its constitution in 1856.
Albury was at this time starting to grow substantially with German speaking immigrants using the area to grow grapes for wine. By the 1870s a butter factory was established, flour mill, wineries and locally brewed cider and soft drinks were available.
The railway line from Sydney arrived at Albury in 1881 (see Transport-Rail below). A temporary wooden railway bridge joined the line to the Victorian network in 1883. New South Wales and Victoria had different track gauges until 1962, when the first train ran direct from Sydney to Melbourne. The two states could not initially agree which should be the transfer point so they had an expensive and attractive iron lattice bridge sent from Scotland which accommodated both gauges.
There was a school operating at Albury in 1848, catering for 13 private students. The following year the first National School opened on the corner of Dean and Kiewa Streets, with 73 students enrolled. In 1862 a new school was built in Olive Street on land which is now part of Albury Public School. The city's first mayor, James Fallon, was an innovator of the Public School, funding a demonstration High School to be built on Kiewa Streets. Albury High School opened in Kiewa Street in 1927.

 20th-century city 
The Royal Commission on Sites for the Seat of Government of the Commonwealth report of 1903 recommended Albury (along with Tumut) as the preferred candidate for the national capital, though the proposal met staunch opposition from residents. At a public meeting, just one member of parliament voted in favour of Albury – Isaac Isaacs, member for Indi. The lack of support for other places ultimately led to the selection of Canberra as the preferred site.
In 1934, a Douglas DC-2 airliner of KLM (the "Uiver"), a competitor in the MacRobertson Trophy Air Race (also known as the London to Melbourne Air Race), made an emergency night landing at the town's racecourse after becoming lost during severe thunderstorms. After signalling by Morse code A-L-B-U-R-Y to the lost aircrew by using the entire town's public lighting system, the "Uiver" was guided in to land safely. The makeshift runway at the racecourse was illuminated by the headlights of cars belonging to local residents who had responded to a special news bulletin on ABC radio station 2CO. After refuelling the next day, many local volunteers helped pull the stranded aircraft out of the mud and the aircraft was able to take off and continue to Melbourne where it won first prize in the race's handicap category and was second overall.Albury and Wodonga played a military role in World War II with the establishment of ordnance bases at Bandiana and Bonegilla. Proclaimed a city in 1946, Albury played a role in the post-war immigration to Australia with the establishment nearby of Australia's first migrant centre, the Bonegilla Migrant Reception and Training Centre in 1947.
Albury's proximity to Wodonga has spurred several efforts to achieve some kind of municipal governmental union (see Albury-Wodonga). In 1973, Albury-Wodonga was selected as the primary focus of the Whitlam federal government's scheme to redirect the uncontrolled growth of Australia's large coastal cities (Sydney and Melbourne in particular) by encouraging decentralisation. Grand plans were made to turn Albury-Wodonga into a major inland city and large areas of the surrounding farmland were compulsorily purchased by the government. Some industries were enticed to move there, and a certain amount of population movement resulted. However, the current urban population is approximately 92,200.

 Population 
According to the 2021 census of Population, there were 53,677 people in the Albury part of the Albury – Wodonga Urban Centre.

Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 2.9% of the population.
81.2% of people were born in Australia. The next most common countries of birth were England 1.9%, India 1.2%, New Zealand 1.0%, Philippines 0.6% and Bhutan 0.6%.
86.0% of people only spoke English at home. Other languages spoken at home included Nepali 1.1%, Punjabi 0.6%, Mandarin 0.3%, Greek 0.3% and Hindi 0.3%.
The most common responses for religion were No Religion 27.7%, Catholic 25.4% and Anglican 16.7%.

 Geography 
Albury is situated above the river flats of the Murray River, in the foothills of the Great Dividing Range. At the city's airport, Albury is 164 metres (538 ft) above sea level.

 Climate 
Albury has a warm, temperate climate, with cool, damp winters and very warm to hot, mostly dry, summers. Under the Köppen climate classification, Albury has a humid subtropical climate (Cfa), but would have tendencies of a Mediterranean climate (Csa) as well.In high summer, the mean daily maximum temperature is 31 °C (88 °F) with low humidity; however, this is subject to substantial daily variation. An average of 17 days with a maximum above 35 °C (95 °F) occur in this summer period. Mean mid winter maxima are 12 °C (54 °F) with many cloudy days, and is likewise the wettest season. Albury gets approximately 20 days per year featuring minima of below freezing, although the cloud cover tends to limit frost. Sleet may occur during the winter months, but settling snowfalls are very rare. The highest temperature recorded at Albury was 46.1 °C on 4 January 2020, and the lowest temperature was −4.0 °C recorded on 8 August 1994 (both at the Airport AWS station).Albury's mean annual rainfall is 699.1 millimetres (27.52 in), which is more than Melbourne but less than Sydney. Rainfall peaks distinctly in the winter months with a high mean of 75.9 mm (2.99 in) in July and August; comparing with the February low of 42.1 mm (1.66 in). Albury has quite a high evaporation rate in summer, giving the environment a more arid look compared to drier cities like Melbourne (although Albury in winter has a much greener look). The city enjoys a high amount of sunshine, getting around 108 days of clear skies annually (with the grand majority in summer and early autumn)—The sunniest month is January, with 14.6 clear days (and 7.7 cloudy days); and the cloudiest month is July, with 17.5 cloudy days (and only 3.9 clear days). Albury has cloudier winters than Melbourne, however is considerably sunnier in the warmer months. Albury also has cloudier winters than Hobart, despite the great difference in latitude.

 Albury Airport AWS (1993–2022) 
The airport is a more sheltered site than the reservoir, generally attaining greater maximum temperatures but also lower minima. Rainfall is lower across the board.

 Governance 

Albury is the largest city in the Federal electorate of Farrer, whose current representative is Sussan Ley of the Liberal Party. The previous Federal MP was Tim Fischer, who was leader of the National Party and Deputy Prime Minister of Australia. In State politics, the Electoral district of Albury is currently represented by Justin Clancy, also of the Liberal Party. The member for Albury between 1932 and 1946, Alexander Mair, was the Premier of New South Wales from 1939 to 1941.Local government is the responsibility of the Albury City Council, whose area of responsibility has gradually been enlarged to cover new housing estates on the city's fringes. Amanda Duncan-Strelec became Albury's first female Mayor in 1995, serving for one year. The current Mayor of Albury is Kylie King.Albury has a longstanding connection to conservative politics. Following the first convention in Canberra to form the Liberal Party of Australia, delegates, including Sir Robert Menzies, met for a second conference in Albury at Mate's Department Store between 14 and 16 December 1944. The delegates agreed on the structure of the party organisation, adopted a provisional constitution and appointed a federal executive until one could be formally elected.

 City and suburbs 

The city has a number of suburbs.

Central Albury comprises the central business district (CBD) and lies between the railway line, the Murray River and Monument Hill. Much commercial activity is concentrated here, with Dean Street forming the axis of the main shopping and office district. A cultural precinct is centred on QEII Square, which includes the Albury Library Museum, Murray Art Museum Albury (MAMA), Albury Entertainment Centre and Convention Centre, and the Murray Conservatorium. In the same block are the Post Office, Police Station and Courthouse, and St Matthew's Anglican Church (which was rebuilt after being destroyed by fire in 1990). The Albury City Council offices are located on Kiewa Street.
Forrest Hill lies directly north west and covers the saddle between Monument Hill and Nail Can Hill.  West over the ridge lies West Albury. West Albury is primarily a residential area, but it is home to the First World War Memorial (locally known as the Monument), Riverwood Retirement Village, Albury Wodonga Private Hospital (which lies on the corner of Pemberton Street and the Riverina Highway), and the Albury sewage treatment plant. All of West Albury was once wetland and bush. The only remnant of this is Horseshoe Lagoon to the south-west of the suburb, which has been declared a Wildlife Refuge by NSW Parks & Wildlife and incorporated into the Wonga Wetlands.  To the north-west of West Albury is Pemberton Park.

East Albury lies east of the railway line/freeway from the CBD and houses now cover the eastern hill alongside the Albury Base Hospital, while the flat land directly north of it is covered by parkland, housing and light industry, and a retail park including Harvey Norman and Spotlight franchises, as well as the city airport. The Mungabareena Reserve lies on the Murray south of the airport, and is considered an Aboriginal cultural site of some significance. Mungabareena means "place of plenty talk" in the Wiradjuri language.South Albury is a mix of residential and industrial areas, with the floodplains south of the railway line and freeway still used for farming and grazing. Flood mitigation works in the 1990s have dramatically reduced the risk of flooding in this area.
North Albury was covered by orchards and vineyards in the first half of the 20th century, and a swamp existed where James Fallon High School now stands. After the World War II, housing development in the area increased and Waugh Road was extended from David Street to the "Five Ways" intersection at Union Road, which ascribes the border between North Albury and Lavington. The locality of Glenroy is adjacent to North Albury, west of the Bungambrawartha Creek, and housing was developed here in the 1970s, including a significant Housing Commission public housing estate.

Lavington is the largest suburb of Albury, and the only suburb which has its own postcode (2641, as opposed to 2640 for the balance of Albury). The suburb was originally named Black Range in the 1850s and 1860s, before being renamed Lavington in 1910. Originally within the boundaries of Hume Shire, it was absorbed into the City of Albury Local Government Area in the 1950s. Housing and commercial development has continued from that point until this day. Prior to 2007, the Hume Highway – passed north-east through the suburb, with Urana Road passing north-west through the suburb from the "Five Ways" road junction. In 2007, an internal bypass of the Hume Freeway was opened, with the former name of the Hume Highway section officially reverting to the commonly used "Wagga Road". The suburb of Lavington also includes the localities of Springdale Heights, Hamilton Valley and Norris Park. Albury's lawn cemetery and crematorium lies at the western end of Union Road.

Thurgoona, to the east of Lavington, was established as a new residential suburb by the Albury Wodonga Development Corporation in the 1970s. In the 1990s a new campus of Charles Sturt University was established here, as was an office of the Murray Darling Freshwater Research Centre. A major golf club (Thurgoona Country Club Resort) is also situated in this suburb.Further outlying localities include Splitters Creek – a small residential/farming community to the west, Ettamogah (home of the Ettamogah Pub), Bowna and Table Top to the north, and Wirlinga and Lake Hume village to the east. Howlong (20 km west) and Jindera (16 km north) are the closest towns outside the Albury city area, and act as commuter dormitories as well as service centres for the local rural industries.
Albury's houses and buildings are numbered using a special system introduced in 1920.  The centre of the city, which is defined as the intersection of Dean and Olive Streets, is numbered 500, and all other houses are numbered depending on whether they are north, south, east or west of the centre.

 Lake Hume 
Lake Hume is situated on the Murray River 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) upstream of Albury. The Hume Dam (colloquially termed the Weir locally) wall construction took 17 years, from 1919 to 1936. A hydro-electric power plant supplies 60 MW of power to the state grid. When full, the lake covers 80 square kilometres (31 sq mi).

The lake was created for irrigation purposes and has caused significant changes to the flow patterns and ecology of the Murray River. Before the construction of the Hume Weir, flows in normal (non-drought) years were low in summer and autumn (though still significant overall), rising in winter due to seasonal rainfall and reaching a flood-peak in late spring due to snow-melt in the Murray and its tributaries' alpine headwaters. The flow is now effectively reversed, with low flows in winter and sustained, relatively high flows in late spring, summer and early autumn to meet irrigation demands, although the spring flood peak has been virtually eliminated. The water released from the base of the Hume Weir is unnaturally cold, at least 10 °C (18 °F) colder than it naturally should be. This flow reversal, temperature depression, and removal of the spring flood peak, has led to the drying out and loss of many billabongs and has harmed the populations of native fish of the Murray River such as the iconic Murray Cod.

 Flora and fauna 
Several threatened species can be found in Albury, including the Sloane's froglet, Regent Honeyeater, and Squirrel Glider (Petaurus norfolcensis).

 Transport 

 Road 
Situated on the Hume Highway, Albury is a major transit point for interstate commerce. In March 2007, Albury city centre was bypassed by a new section of the Hume Freeway. The city centre bypass includes the new Spirit of Progress Bridge over the Murray River, and cost $518 million, the most expensive road project built in rural Australia at that time.Creation of the lake resulting from construction of the Hume Dam from 1915 onward necessitated a 30 km deviation of the Hume Highway. The Highway originally ran east out of Albury, along what is now the Riverina Highway, then turned north through Thurgoona via today’s Table Top Rd then Old Sydney Road, then crossed Bowna Creek to follow Plunkett Rd to Bowna. The deviation, opened in 1933, follows the first 9 km of the Wagga Road, then crossed the railway and ran to Bells Road before turning east then southeast to Bowna. Most of this route, although now duplicated, remains as part of the Hume Highway, other than the 2009 Yellow Creek deviation.
The other minor highways which connect to Albury are the Riverina Highway, which runs west through Berrigan to Deniliquin and east to Lake Hume; and the Olympic Highway which diverges north from the Hume 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) north of Albury, and runs across the South Western Slopes via Wagga Wagga, Cootamundra and Young to terminate at the Mid-Western Highway at Cowra.
In 1888, the Smollett Street wrought iron arch bridge was constructed over Bungambrawatha Creek. Smollet Street was extended westward through the botanical gardens to give direct access from Albury railway station to Howlong Road by a straight street. The bridge is near the botanic gardens and the local swimming pool. The bridge is a rare example of a metal arch bridge in New South Wales, and is the oldest of only two such bridges in New South Wales, the other being the Sydney Harbour Bridge.

 Rail 
Albury railway station is on the main Sydney-Melbourne railway line. Originally, New South Wales and Victoria had different track gauges, which meant that all travellers in either direction had to change trains at Albury. To accommodate this, a very long railway platform was needed; the 450-metre (1,480 ft) long covered platform is one of the longest in Australia. The broad gauge section of track between Seymour and Albury has now been converted to standard gauge; there is no longer a break-of-gauge at Albury station. The station is served by a three daily V/Line train services from Melbourne (terminating at Albury) and the NSW TrainLink Melbourne-Sydney XPT service, which runs twice daily in each direction.
In 1873, the 5-foot-3-inch (1.60 m) broad gauge railway line from Melbourne reached the township of Belvoir/Wodonga. In 1881, the New South Wales 4-foot-8.5-inch (1.435 m) standard gauge railway line reached Albury, with a railway bridge joining the two colonies in 1883. Albury became the stop over, where passengers on the Melbourne-Sydney journey changed trains until 1962, when a standard gauge track was opened between the two capitals. After World War II, in an attempt to overcome the difference in gauges and speed up traffic, a bogie exchange device lifted freight wagons and carriages allowing workers to refit rolling stock with different gauged wheel-sets.
The break of railway gauge at Albury was a major impediment to Australia's war effort and infrastructure during both World Wars, as every soldier, every item of equipment, and all supplies had to be off-loaded from the broad gauge and reloaded onto a standard gauge railway wagon on the opposite side of the platform. In his book Tramps Abroad, writer Mark Twain in 1895 wrote of the break of gauge at Albury and changing trains: ""Now comes a singular thing, the oddest thing, the strangest thing, the most unaccountable marvel that Australia can show. At the frontier between NSW and Victoria our multitude of passengers were routed out of their snug beds by lantern light in the morning in the biting cold to change cars. Think of the paralysis of intellect that gave that idea birth, imagine the boulder it emerged from, on some petrified legislator's shoulders."During World War II military armouries and warehouses were established in the vicinity of Albury at Bonegilla, Wirlinga and Bandiana. Similar stores were also established at Tocumwal and Oaklands. The conversion of the broad gauge track to a second standard gauge track, between Seymour and Albury, was substantially completed in 2011. The railway station and its associated yards are listed on both the Australian National Heritage List and the New South Wales State Heritage Register.

 Air 
Albury Airport, owned and operated by the City of Albury, is the second busiest regional airport in New South Wales with around 280,000 passenger movements per year. The airport, 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of the city centre, has scheduled daily flights to Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane through commercial carriers.  The road leading from Albury Airport to the city was renamed Borella Road in 1979, in honour of Victoria Cross recipient Albert Chalmers Borella, who was buried at Albury.

 Public transport and cycling 
Local public transport is provided exclusively by private bus operators, Martin's Albury and Dysons who run day time bus services. The overwhelming majority of local transport is by private car, however traffic is generally moderate. The opening of the Hume Freeway bypass on 4 March 2007, has greatly eased previous traffic congestion on the Lincoln Causeway, allowing vastly better flow between Albury and Wodonga.
There is a good network of bicycle paths in the city, including one to the outlying suburb of Thurgoona and across the state border to Wodonga. A new program has built many more bike tracks, including one from the riverside parks to Wonga Wetlands.

 Industry 
Albury serves as an administrative centre for the agricultural communities around the area, and the city is the home of the Norske Skog newsprint paper mill which processes the pine logs planted in the mountains to the east, a major processing centre of the Australian Taxation Office, and many other smaller secondary industries. Other large employers are: The Commercial Club Albury and Hume Bank.

One of Albury's major employers was DSI Holdings. Originally the Kaitlers Road facility was opened as an expansion for Borg-Warner in 1971, manufacturing gearboxes for various manufacturers including Ford, Holden and even Maserati. At its peak in 1982 it employed 1251 people. The ownership of the plant changed several times – it was sold in 1987 to Nylex. It was sold again in 2002 to ION Ltd but the company collapsed in 2004 with debt to creditors of $550 million. Due to a failed deal with Holden the workforce was reduced to 750 people. Chinese car manufacturer Geely Group then purchased the bankrupt DSI company for $48 million in March 2009 and the plant then exported automatic transmissions to Geely, Ssangyong and Mahindra. In 2014 DSI Holdings closed the Lavington factory resulting in the loss of the remaining 142 jobs.The Australian pizza chain Eagle Boys was founded in Albury but ceased operations in 2017 when it was purchased by Pizza Hut.
The Hume Power Station is a hydro-electric power station located at the Hume Dam on the Murray River, near Albury. The power station is operated by Eraring Energy and has two 29 MW turbines.

 Tourism 
The region surrounding Albury provides a variety of tourist attractions, including the wine region centred on Rutherglen, the historic goldfield towns of Beechworth and Yackandandah, boating, fishing and canoe hire on the many rivers and lakes, including Lake Hume, the forests and mountains of the Great Dividing Range and slightly further afield the snowfields Falls Creek and Mount Hotham.
Within the city of Albury itself, Monument Hill, at the western end of the CBD is the location of the city's distinctive First World War Memorial and provides a good view of the city. Wonga Wetlands, 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) west of the city and adjacent to the River Murray is a key feature of Albury's use of treated wastewater and consists of a series of lagoons and billabongs. Wonga Wetlands boasts more than 150 species of birdlife and is home to the Aquatic Environment Education Centre.
The Hume and Hovell Walking Track, that begins in Yass and follows the route of explorers Hamilton Hume and William Hovell on their 1824 expedition to Port Phillip, ends at the Hovell Tree in South Albury.

 Education 
Albury is home to one of the campuses of Charles Sturt University. The original Albury campus was located in the northern part of the CBD between Kiewa and David streets. Charles Sturt University relocated to a new purpose-built campus at Thurgoona in 2009. CSU offers courses in Arts, Business, Education and Science.

The Albury-Wodonga campus of La Trobe University is also a large and growing educational institution with several thousand undergraduates and postgraduates in its two colleges. Degrees in Business, Arts, Science, Bioscience, Nursing, and various Allied Health disciplines, are available. Riverina Institute of TAFE operates a campus in Albury. There is also a campus of the UNSW Rural Clinical School of Medicine adjacent to the Albury Base Hospital.
Albury is home to nine public primary schools (Albury Public School, Albury North Public School, Albury West Public School, Glenroy Public School, Hume Public School, Lavington Public School, Lavington East Public School, Springdale Heights Public School, and Thurgoona Public School) and three public high schools (Albury High School, James Fallon High School and Murray High School). Several non-government high schools operate in the area including Trinity Anglican College, Xavier High School, The Scots School Albury, Border Christian College, Aspect Riverina school, and St Paul's College. The city is the base for NSW Department of Education South West Riverina regional office.

 Culture 
HotHouse Theatre is Albury's only professional theatre company, previously known as the  Murray River Performance Group which formed in 1979. It spawned The Flying Fruit Fly Circus in 1979, and these days conducts many productions through the HotHouse Theatre located on Gateway Island between Albury and Wodonga, though still in Victoria rather than New South Wales.
Albury is home to a large number of amateur theatre companies presenting productions ranging from plays in intimate settings to major musicals in the Albury Entertainment Centre and Shakespeare and other events in the Albury Botanic Gardens.  The oldest theatre company in Albury is the Albury Wodonga Theatre Company  and its associated youth theatre company BYTESized Productions often presenting shows in its small theatre in Olive St, South Albury .  Other companies and organisations producing theatre in Albury Wodonga are Livid Productions, The Other Theatre Company, Revolution Theatre, and Centre Stage Event Company.

Jazz Albury Wodonga also regularly hosts national and international artists at the Jazz Basement which is located on Gateway Island.
Touring productions and major music acts often perform at the Albury Entertainment Centre.Regent Cinemas on Dean Street have operated since 1929.In 2015 Murray Art Museum Albury (MAMA) was opened, formerly known as Albury Regional Arts Centre. The art museum has 10 galleries with double the space of the former art centre. Canvas Eatery is also attached to MAMA, facing onto Queen Elizabeth II Square.In 2003, a sister city relationship with Nanping in north western Fujian province, China, was formalised.

 Media 

 Print 
Albury serves as a regional media centre. A daily tabloid owned by Nine Entertainment, The Border Mail, is printed in, and has offices in, Wodonga.
There was a free monthly independent community newspaper, The Situation, which launched in Albury–Wodonga in 2013. Later it expanded into other Victorian communities in the north and north-east such as Benalla, Echuca–Moama, Seymour, Shepparton and Wangaratta. It shut down in 2019.

 Television 
Albury has access to all major TV networks, with channels available including Seven, WIN Television (an affiliate of the Nine Network), Southern Cross 10 (an affiliate of Network 10), as well as the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) and the Special Broadcasting Service, more commonly known as SBS.
Of the three main commercial networks, Seven airs a half-hour local news bulletin at 6 pm each weeknight, produced from a newsroom in the city but broadcast from studios in Canberra.Southern Cross 10 airs the Victorian edition of 10 News First from Melbourne each weeknight at 5 pm, featuring opt-outs for Albury–Wodonga, Echuca–Moama, Shepparton, Wangaratta, Border, Goulburn Valley, North and North East.
WIN Television broadcasts a half-hour state-wide regional WIN News bulletin each weeknight at 5:30 pm, produced from studios in Wollongong. Previously a local edition was produced by WIN until the closure of its Albury newsroom in June 2019.On 5 May 2011, analogue television transmissions ceased in most areas of regional Victoria and some border regions including Albury–Wodonga. All local free-to-air television services are now broadcasting in digital transmission only. This was done as part of the Federal Government's plan for Digital terrestrial television in Australia where all analogue transmission systems are gradually turned off and replaced with modern DVB-T transmission systems.

 Radio 
There are three commercial radio stations in Albury – 2AY on 1494 AM, Triple M The Border on 105.7 FM and Hit The Border on 104.9 FM. Hit 104.9 The Border's south eastern network is programmed out of the Albury/Wodonga Hub, going to centres in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia. Broadcasting out of the same building is Triple M 105.7 The Border, which is also networked to local stations around the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia.
Albury/Wodonga is one radio market, thus advertisements are directed to both sides of the border. The Albury/Wodonga market underwent significant change in 2005 when Macquarie Southern Cross Media bought 105.7 The River from RG Capital, and 2AY and Star FM from DMG Radio Australia. Due to cross-media ownership laws preventing the ownership of more than two stations in one market, Macquarie was required to sell one of these stations and in September 2005 sold 2AY to the Ace Radio network. 2AY takes much of its daytime and evening programming from 3AW in Melbourne. The ABC produces breakfast and morning radio programs through its local radio network, from the studios of ABC Goulburn Murray, 106.5 FM, located in Wodonga. Most of the rest its programming content is delivered from Melbourne. The ABC also has local transmitters for ABC Radio National, 990 AM; ABC News Radio, 100.9 FM; ABC Classic, 104.1 FM and Triple J, 103.3 FM
There is also a community radio station known as 2REM 107.3 FM. The Albury Wodonga Community Radio station broadcasts a large number of speciality programs including those for the retiree, racing enthusiast, ethnic and Aboriginal communities and a range of musical styles including underground and independent artists from 8:00 pm onwards. 2GHR 96.7 FM is another community radio station that plays classic hits. Oak 101.3 FM (from Wangaratta) can be heard clearly across the region. KIX 801 AM (on the narrowcast band) plays country music. Sky Radio is a sports and racing station which can be heard on 99.3 FM
In addition, the area is serviced by SBS Radio and Niche Radio, which provide national multicutural stations. SBS Radio 1 is available on 1701 AM, SBS Radio 2 is available on 89.5 FM, while Niche Radio broadcasts on 87.6 FM. 2APH 101.7 FM is a reading for the print handicapped station. TAFE FM is Wodonga's broadcasting and training station on  88.4 that also serves the area. Albury-Wodonga Christian Broadcasters transmits as 98.5 The Light. Other religious stations include Faith FM which broadcasts on 88.0 and Vision Christian Radio that airs on 1611 AM. The dance music station Raw FM airs on 107.9

 Sport 
Despite being located in New South Wales, Albury is a stronghold of Australian rules. There are five Australian rules clubs in Albury, the Albury Football Club, the Lavington Panthers Football Club, the Murray Magpies Football Club, the North Albury Football Club, and the Thurgoona Football Club. Albury, Lavington Panthers and North Albury compete in the Ovens & Murray Football League (OMFNL), while the Murray Magpies compete in the Hume Football League and Thurgoona compete in the Tallangatta & District Football League. The OMFNL is one of the strongest regional leagues in the nation, with the Grand Final regularly drawing 15,000 spectators. Many players from Albury have moved on to play in the Australian Football League, including Haydn Bunton Senior, who won three Brownlow Medals and was an inaugural legend of the Australian Football Hall of Fame; Fitzroy 1936 Brownlow medallist Denis "Dinny" Ryan; and South Melbourne Brownlow medallist Fred Goldsmith.Soccer is also a popular code with more than 2,500 players registered from twelve local clubs (six from Albury) competing in the Albury Wodonga Football Association. Clubs have teams from U10s through to Senior Men and Women and play on Sundays with MiniRoos providing Football for ages 4–12 on Saturdays. Since 2016, Murray United Football Club, a team encompassing Albury, Wodonga and the wider region, has been competing in the National Premier Leagues Victoria, the highest level of Football in the area. On 9 February 2014, Melbourne City (then known as Melbourne Heart) triumphed 2–1 against Perth Glory in scorching conditions, where the temperature got as high as 41 °C, at the Lavington Sports Ground.
Albury has a strong rugby league community, with three senior teams based in the city, the Albury Thunder, Border Bears and CSU Mud Dogs. The Thunder compete in the strong, Riverina-based Group 9 Rugby League competition, while the Bears and Mud Dogs compete in the Goulburn Murray Rugby League run under the banner of the Victorian Rugby League. Albury Thunder Juniors is one of the largest junior rugby league clubs outside of metropolitan areas, offering rugby league and league tag to the Border's young men and women from 5 years to 16 years. Albury has produced many great rugby league players, with the two most famous exports being former Canberra and Penrith flyer Adrian Purtell and Australian fullback Dylan Edwards.
The Albury-Wodonga Steamers are the local rugby union club, playing in the Southern Inland Rugby Union competition. The Steamers have produced several players for the Australian Rugby Union National Talent Squad.
Cricket is the most popular summer sport in the region, with the local Cricket Albury Wodonga competition administered by Country Cricket New South Wales. In the 1992 Cricket World Cup, the Lavington Sports Ground hosted Albury's only international cricket match. It was a One Day International in which Zimbabwe defeated England in the biggest upset of the tournament. Albury also regularly hosts Big Bash League matches in both the pre-season and regular season, often involving the Sydney Thunder and Melbourne Stars.
The Albury Wodonga Bandits compete in the South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL) East Conference of the Australian Basketball Association (ABA), playing their home games at the Lauren Jackson Sports Centre (previously known as the Albury Sports Stadium). The Lady Bandits joined the women's SEABL in 2006.
The Albury Gold Cup horse race is the major autumn event for the district. In 2005, it attracted a record crowd in excess of 18,600 racegoers.Albury has lately become a stronghold of junior hockey, boasting one of the few synthetic fields in the area. The town also has the Albury Grass Tennis Courts. Supercars Championship team Brad Jones Racing is based in Albury, making it the only team in the championship to have its workshop in New South Wales.
Albury is the birthplace of controversial former tennis player Margaret Court, winner of 62 Women's Grand Slam titles including eleven Australian titles, four Grand Slam singles titles played in one year (1970), four mixed doubles titles with Ken Fletcher in 1963 and many other titles around the world. WNBA MVP winner Lauren Jackson, NRL Player Adrian Purtell, and test cricketer Steve Rixon are among other champion sports people from the area.

 Notable crime 
Albury's most notorious crime is also one of Australia's most famous, the 'Pyjama Girl Murder' in 1934. Other notable crimes include the murders of Bronwynne Richardson who was abducted on Smollett Street on 12 October 1973. Her body was found in Horseshoe Lagoon two days later. The case has never been solved despite a coronial inquest in 2011 which resulted in an arrest. In another case, on 23 March 1996, Kim Meredith was murdered in Macauley Street while walking from Sodens Hotel to the Termo Hotel. A memorial to Kim was later placed in Queen Elizabeth II Square by the citizens of Albury.

 Heritage listings 
The following buildings, structures, and ephemera in Albury are listed in various heritage registers:

 Notable people 

Saw (franchise)
Saw is a horror media franchise created by Australian film makers James Wan and Leigh Whannell, which began with the eponymous 2004 film and quickly became a worldwide pop culture phenomenon. The franchise has expanded into various films and other media, including a television series, video games, comic books, music, theme park attractions, and merchandising including toys, masks, and clothing. Saw is the fifth  highest-grossing horror film franchise.
The series revolves around the fictional serial killer John "Jigsaw" Kramer and his apprentices. Kramer was introduced briefly in Saw and developed in more detail in the subsequent films. Rather than killing his victims outright, he traps them in life-threatening situations that he refers to as "tests" or "games" to test their will to survive through physical or psychological torture, believing that if they survive, they will be "rehabilitated".
In 2003, Wan and Whannell made a short film to help pitch a potential feature film concept, after having the original script written for several years. After numerous unsuccessful attempts to receive funding in their home country of Australia, Wan and Whannell traveled to the United States, after several producers expressed interest in the project. It was ultimately successful, and, in 2004, the first installment debuted at the Sundance Film Festival and was released theatrically that October by Lionsgate. After its immensely successful opening weekend, the first of many sequels was immediately green-lit. Five directors have worked on the series: James Wan, Darren Lynn Bousman, David Hackl, Kevin Greutert and The Spierig Brothers; while Whannell, Bousman, Patrick Melton, Marcus Dunstan, Josh Stolberg, and Peter Goldfinger have written the screenplays. From 2004 to 2010, each film was released on the Friday before Halloween. Both creators remain with the franchise as executive producers.
The film series has been a box office success, grossing more than $1 billion from box office and retail sales. The first, second, third, sixth, and ninth film received mixed reviews, while the fourth, fifth, seventh, and eighth film received negative reviews. The tenth film received generally positive reviews from critics, becoming the first film in the franchise to do so. An eleventh film is in development and is expected to be released in September 2024.

 Films 

 Future 
In September 2023, producers Mark Burg and Oren Koules stated there are tentative plans for future installments in the Saw film series, dependent on the reception and success of Saw X. Later that month, Stolberg announced that there are active plans for an eleventh installment. Both Burg and Koules stated that the mid-credits scene of Saw X is intended to set up a future film which will again include the character Mark Hoffman. The character Cecilia was intentionally left alive for a possible sequel to expand her character upon. The following month, Greutert told The Hollywood Reporter that, "there are so many directions we could go, but for me, there's no obvious one coming out of this film. I really wanted it to feel like a kind of final send-off for the Jigsaw character, but never say never".In December, Lionsgate confirmed Saw XI on their Instagram account, with a release date of September 27, 2024. Producer Oren Koules has stated the upcoming film will likely be a direct sequel to Saw X. Kevin Greutert will return as the director for this film.

 Short films 

Saw, often referred to as Saw 0.5, is a 2003 short film that served as a promotional tool in pitching a feature-length version to Lionsgate. It is included on the second disc of the uncut DVD release of Saw. It has also been released alone, and on the Saw Trilogy DVD containing Saw Uncut Edition, Saw II Special Edition, and Saw III Director's Cut, packaged with a limited-edition 3D puppet-head box version of Billy the Puppet.
A mockumentary short film, Full Disclosure Report, was released in 2005 as part of the Saw: Uncut DVD-release. The story takes place between the first and second films and features reporters trying to figure out who Jigsaw is and discussing his victims. The short film marks the first appearance of detective Eric Matthews, before his appearance in Saw II.Another mockumentary short film, The Scott Tibbs Documentary, was released in 2006 as part of the Saw II: Unrated Special Edition DVD-release. The story takes place between the second and third films, where Adam Stanheight's friend Scott Tibbs, leader of the rock band "Wrath of the God", is filming a documentary about Jigsaw and his victims.Saw: Rebirth is originally a comic book released by IDW in 2005 and tells the story of the events that spurred the transformation of John Kramer into Jigsaw. Later, it was released as a short film in the form of a motion comic on the original Saw II website.

 Television 
In April 2021, Lionsgate Television chairman Kevin Beggs announced in an interview with Deadline Hollywood that Lionsgate TV is in early talks on a television series adaptation/continuation of the film Spiral.

 Recurring cast and characters 

 Additional crew and production details 

 Production 

 Story overview 
The series takes place primarily in an unnamed city in the United States. Flashbacks from Saw IV reveal the roots of the series, presenting John Kramer as a successful civil engineer and devoted husband to his wife Jill Tuck, who opened a rehab clinic for drug addicts. Jill lost her unborn baby, Gideon, due to the unwitting actions of a drug addict named Cecil, who fled the scene. Saw VI later showed that another drug addict, Amanda Young, had been with Cecil on the night that he unwittingly caused Gideon's death, unbeknownst to John or Jill. Grieving the loss of his child, John distanced himself from his friends and wife.
John and Jill eventually drifted apart and divorced. John found himself trapped by his own complacency until he was diagnosed with inoperable cancer. Extremely bitter over his squandered life and the loss of his unborn son, he began observing the lives of others and became even more depressed as he saw them squandering the gift of life that he had just been denied. He approached an insurance executive named William Easton, asking for coverage for an experimental cancer treatment, but was denied. Flashbacks from Saw II show that, after surviving a suicide attempt where he drove his car off a cliff, John was "reborn", and nurtured the idea that the only way for someone to change is for them to change themselves. Then, in Saw IV flashbacks, he designed the first trap and test for Cecil, and decided to use the rest of his existence to design more of these "tests" or "games" as a form of "instant rehabilitation" that would change the world "one person at a time". John was soon given the nickname "The Jigsaw Killer" (or "Jigsaw"), because he removed a puzzle piece-shaped chunk of flesh from those who did not escape his traps. John stated that this name was given to him by the media, and that the cut piece of flesh represented that the victims were missing what he called the "survival instinct".
Few of John's victims can survive his brutal mechanical traps, which are often ironically symbolic representations of problems in the victim's life and require them to undergo severe physical and/or psychological torture to escape. 
Jigsaw depicts one of John's very first games, which never became public. The only survivor is Logan Nelson, the man who accidentally mislabeled John's x-rays, causing his cancer to go undiagnosed until it was too late. Believing Logan should not die over an honest mistake, John saves him before he is killed by one of the traps, and recruits him as his first apprentice. Logan helps John build several traps for future games, but for unknown reasons seemed to part ways with John by the events of Saw VI, since he was not mentioned in John's will or seen in any capacity.
In Saw V, police lieutenant Mark Hoffman's ties with John are revealed in a series of flashbacks. During John's first years of activity, Hoffman's sister was murdered by her boyfriend, Seth Baxter. Seth is sentenced to life imprisonment; however, a technicality allows him to go free after only five years. Hoffman then kills him in an inescapable trap designed to resemble a Jigsaw trap; everyone then believes that Jigsaw was behind the killing. John then kidnaps Hoffman and blackmails him into becoming his apprentice in his "rehabilitation" methods. Though initially forced to help, Hoffman later becomes a willing apprentice, and helps set up most of John's tests.
After beating her test, Amanda Young becomes the first publicly-known survivor of a Jigsaw game. She comes to see John as a hero who changed her life for the better; and, on John's request, becomes his protégée and next apprentice. John shows her rehabilitation to Jill, who becomes aware of his traps and becomes somewhat of an accomplice as well.
In Saw, John chains the man who diagnosed his cancer, Dr. Lawrence Gordon, in a dilapidated industrial washroom with Adam Stanheight, a photographer who has been tailing the doctor, believing he is cheating on his wife. Lawrence has instructions to kill Adam by six o'clock or his wife and daughter will be killed. Flashbacks show Detectives David Tapp and Steven Sing, who suspect Lawrence of being Jigsaw, following a trail of clues from other Jigsaw traps. Steven's death from a shotgun trap after saving a victim causes David to obsess over catching Jigsaw. Later, he chases Zep Hindle, who monitors Adam and Lawrence's tests, and is shot in the chest. Eventually, Lawrence saws off his own foot to escape, leaving Adam in the bathroom while Lawrence tries to save his family and get help for Adam. It is later seen in Saw 3D that Lawrence found a steaming hot pipe and cauterized his wound, stopping the bleeding and ultimately surviving the trap. John catches up with Lawrence and makes him his next apprentice, a fact he hides from his other accomplices. Flashbacks from Saw III show that Amanda kidnapped Adam and later returned to suffocate him as an act of "mercy killing".

Saw X takes place between the events of Saw and Saw II, and sees John traveling to Mexico in hopes that a Norwegian cancer treatment will cure him. However, when the operation is proven to be a scam, John, with the help of Amanda and Hoffman, kidnaps those responsible and subjects them to his traps, ultimately ending with the death of all but Dr. Cecilia Pederson. 
Saw II begins with the police tracking a severely weakened John to his lair. However, another test is in place, as he and Amanda have kidnapped the son of Detective Eric Matthews and trapped him and a group of seven convicts, previously framed by Eric, in a house that is slowly being filled with sarin gas, with Amanda among them. He will trade Daniel Matthews' life for Eric's time, conversing with him until the game is concluded. Eric loses his patience and assaults John, forcing him to take him to the house, only to discover that the video feed from inside the house had been pre-recorded; the events in it actually took place much earlier. Eric's son was locked in a safe in John's warehouse and kept alive with an oxygen tank. Eric is knocked unconscious by a masked figure and wakes up imprisoned in the bathroom from Saw, which is part of the house's foundation. Amanda reveals herself to Eric as John's protégée before leaving him to die. In a flashback from Saw III, Eric manages to escape the bathroom by breaking his foot. He confronts and beats Amanda, demanding to know where his son is. Amanda fights him off and leaves him for dead. A flashback from Saw IV shows Hoffman later dragging Eric to a prison cell, keeping him alive for a future game.
The events of Saw III and Saw IV occur concurrently. Saw III begins with John, weakened and near death, confined to a makeshift hospital bed. Amanda has taken over his work, designing traps of her own; however, these traps are inescapable, as Amanda is convinced that John's traps have no effect and that people don't change. A kidnapped doctor is forced to keep John alive while another test is performed on Jeff Denlon, a man obsessed with vengeance against the drunk driver who killed his son. John, unwilling to allow a murderer to continue his legacy, designs a test for Amanda as well; she ultimately fails, resulting in the deaths of herself, John, Lynn, and Jeff. Saw IV, meanwhile, revolves around tests meant for Officer Daniel Rigg, which are overseen by Hoffman, who masquerades as a participant in the game. Rigg fails his test, resulting in the death of Eric Matthews. Rigg is left to bleed to death by Hoffman, who later discovers the bodies of John and Amanda. When an autopsy is performed on John, a cassette tape coated in wax is found in his stomach; the tape informs Hoffman that he is wrong to think that it is all over just because John is dead, and he should not expect to go untested.
The events of Saw V show Hoffman's first solo test: Five people connected to a disastrous fire that killed several others are put into four interconnected tests of teamwork, killing off one person in each trap. The two remaining test subjects realize at the final trap that each previous trap was meant to be completed by each of the five people doing a small part, rather than killing one person per trap. With this knowledge, they work together and barely manage to escape. They are found alive by Special Agent Dan Erickson. Meanwhile, Hoffman has set up FBI Agent Peter Strahm to appear to be Jigsaw's accomplice, while Strahm pursues Hoffman and is eventually killed due to his inability to follow Hoffman's rules, leaving Hoffman free to continue Jigsaw's "work".
Saw VI begins with Hoffman setting up a game as per John's instructions left in a box for Jill during Saw V. This game centers on health insurance executive William Easton, who oversees a team responsible for rejecting two-thirds of all insurance claims. As William progresses through four tests, he saves as many people as he can and learns the error of his ways, which inherently "kill" the rejected. His last test is a test of forgiveness by the family of Harold Abbott, whom William refused a claim. Harold's son ultimately chooses to kill William with hydrofluoric acid. Meanwhile, Agent Erickson and the previously thought-dead Agent Lindsey Perez search for Agent Strahm with Hoffman's assistance. Finding irregularities in previous murder scenes, Perez and Erickson discover Hoffman's identity, but he kills them before they can go public with it. Hoffman travels back to the site of Easton's tests, where Jill attacks him to obey John's final request. She leaves him in a new trap John has left behind and does not leave a key for him to free himself. He is able to manipulate the trap and escapes wounded.
Saw 3D picks up with Jill and Hoffman battling for control of John's legacy. As Jill enters protective custody and makes Hoffman's identity public, Hoffman sets up a new game involving skinheads to find a way to Jill. Meanwhile, Bobby Dagen, a fraud who has written a book about escaping a Jigsaw trap he never experienced, is captured and forced to confront people who knew that he lied about being in a trap. Three of Bobby's friends die and his test concludes with him being forced to re-enact the trap he claimed to have escaped. He fails, causing the death of his wife. Meanwhile, Hoffman has posed as a corpse and killed several officers to infiltrate the police station. He finds and kills Jill using the reverse bear trap. Hoffman attempts to leave town but is captured by Dr. Lawrence Gordon and his accomplices, then placed in the bathroom from the first film. John is revealed to have saved Lawrence after his game and, in return, Lawrence helped him with subsequent traps. Lawrence leaves Hoffman shackled in the bathroom to die.
The present-day portion of Jigsaw takes place roughly ten years after John's death in Saw III. When a new Jigsaw game leaves several people dead, the police come to believe that either John has been resurrected, or a Jigsaw copycat is involved. It is eventually revealed that Logan Nelson is the new Jigsaw Killer, and that he recreated the game he was once part of using new victims. At the end of the film, Logan abducts corrupt detective Brad Halloran and kills him as revenge for him being indirectly responsible for the death of Logan's wife. Having successfully framed Halloran as the killer, Logan escapes and is free to continue Jigsaw's work.
Spiral takes place an unknown amount of time after John's death, as another Jigsaw copycat creates their own games to punish corrupt police officers and detectives. The case is investigated by Detective Zeke Banks, who eventually discovers that his new partner, Detective William Schenk, is the killer. Schenk kidnaps Banks' father Marcus, who is largely responsible for the corruption in the police department, and reveals that his own father was killed by a dirty cop and that he hopes to recruit Banks as a partner in cleansing the department of corruption. Banks is then forced to choose between killing Schenk or saving his father; he manages to rescue Marcus, but Schenk calls a SWAT team and makes it appear that Marcus is the aggressor and is holding a gun. Schenk then escapes as the SWAT team restrains Banks and shoots Marcus to death.

 Recurring elements 
Billy

Billy is a puppet resembling a ventriloquist's dummy, sometimes seen riding a tricycle, that has appeared throughout the films and has become a type of mascot for the series. It is used by the Jigsaw Killer to communicate with his victims by delivering televised messages or occasionally in person to describe details of the sadistic traps and the means by which the victims could survive. Viewers have sometimes incorrectly identified the puppet itself as Jigsaw, because of its presence and connection to the killer.
Age and use of the puppet over the course of the films necessitated its reconstruction. According to James Wan, the original puppet's face for Saw involved clay, papier-mâché, and black ping-pong balls with the irises painted in for the eyes, but in later films more sophisticated construction included waterjet-cut foam for the body and remote-controlled animatronics.The endurance and popularity of the franchise has resulted in the production of Billy merchandise, as well as references in other media and its use in promotions for the films.
"Hello Zepp"

"Hello Zepp" is a piece of instrumental music that was originally composed by Charlie Clouser for the first film in the series. In Saw, the implied villain, Zep Hindle, is revealed to actually be a victim of the Jigsaw Killer. (The character's name in the script is spelled "Zep", whereas the music titles are spelled "Zepp" as a reference to the popular '80s band Zapp.) As the series continued, the piece was reused in every film as a leitmotif, often being renamed and remixed to accommodate the changing situations and characters. The music was used in every Saw ending, usually during the revealing of plot revelations and twists which Saw films often use and it serves as the main theme tune for the whole films.
Traps
An important component of each film is the variety of (usually mechanical in form) traps Jigsaw and his apprentices use on their captives to communicate his message.
According to David Hackl, all of the traps are real objects, and not CGI. They were designed to look horrific but ultimately be safe for the actors in them. Writer Marcus Dunstan said: "It's built to function there on the day", and added: "It works. So if there's a scalping chair—there really was a chair with working gears to grind and pull your scalp back." The most potentially dangerous item was a "water box" used in Saw V, in which one of the actors (Scott Patterson, as Peter Strahm) had to keep his head submerged as long as possible. Another element of the traps is that Hackl desired a specific look of rust and menace, but he also wanted them to have a type of beauty about them.

 Reception 

 Box office performance 
Saw grossed $18.2 million its opening weekend and had become Lionsgate's second-best opening, after Fahrenheit 9/11's $23.9 million (2004). Saw went on to gross $103 million worldwide, and is the third-lowest-grossing film in the series after Jigsaw and Saw VI. At the time, it became the most profitable horror film after Scream (1996). It is the seventh-highest-grossing Halloween opening weekend. Saw II opened at number one with $31.7 million, and set a Lionsgate Halloween opening-weekend record and is also the third-highest-grossing Halloween opener. It became at the time, the widest release in Lionsgate history and one of the best opening weekends for a horror sequel. It is Lionsgate's fourth-highest-grossing film in the United States and Canada. Saw III placed first by grossing $33.6 million its opening weekend, making it the biggest Halloween debut ever and at the time, Lionsgate's highest-opening weekend. It is the highest-grossing film in the series worldwide. It has the highest-grossing weekend in the series and also Lionsgate's fifth-highest-grossing film in the United States and Canada.Saw IV premiered at number one with $32.1 million making it the second-best Halloween weekend opener. In Saw V's opening weekend it placed second, being beat by High School Musical 3: Senior Year, and made $30.1 million. It is Lionsgate's tenth-highest-grossing film. Saw VI opened in second place behind Paranormal Activity to $14.1 million, which is the lowest of all the Saw films worldwide. It is also the lowest-grossing film in the series. Saw 3D placed first grossing $22.5 million its opening weekend, with 92% of tickets coming from more than 2,100 3D-equipped locations. It had the fifth-best opening weekend in the Saw series. It is the most successful film in the franchise since Saw IV. In the United States and Canada, Jigsaw was released alongside Thank You for Your Service and Suburbicon, and is projected to gross around $20 million from 2,941 theaters in its opening weekend. It made $1.6 million from Thursday night previews at 2,400 theaters, just below the $1.7 million Saw 3D made from midnight screenings seven years prior, and $7.2 million on its first day. It went on to open to $16.64 million, finishing first at the box office but marking the second lowest debut of the franchise. In its second weekend the film dropped 61% to $6.56 million, finishing third behind newcomers Thor: Ragnarok and A Bad Moms Christmas. In its third weekend, the film dropped another 47% and made $3.43 million, finishing fifth.
The Saw series, when compared to the other top-grossing American horror series—A Nightmare on Elm Street, Child's Play, Friday the 13th, Halloween, Scream, and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre—and adjusting for 2023 inflation, is the fifth highest grossing series with $688.3 million. Halloween is the highest-grossing horror series in the United States at approximately $1.09 billion, with Friday the 13th in second at $908.4 million, The Nightmare on Elm Street series is in third with $793.5 million. The Scream film series is in fourth place with $779.5 million. The Texas Chainsaw Massacre series is in sixth with $459.7 million, and the Child's Play film series rounding out the list with $305.2 million.The box office numbers, unadjusted for inflation are as follows:

 Critical and public response 
On IGN's list of the top twenty-five film franchises of all time, the Saw series ranked as 25th. Rotten Tomatoes ranked the series as the 7th-best horror franchise of all time.

 Other media 

 Video games 
Japanese video game company Konami currently owns the rights to the Saw interactive video game property. Konami stated in mid-2009 that they wanted to make Saw a series of video games to supplement the films. They also wish to make Saw their next big survival horror franchise next to their other property, Silent Hill. They stated that because Saw focuses on visual intensity and Silent Hill focuses on psychological terror, both could exist in the video game industry without directly competing against each other.The first game in the series, Saw, set between the first and second film in the series, was initially released on October 6, 2009, with a sequel Saw II: Flesh & Blood, released on October 19, 2010, for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, ten days before the release of the seventh film, Saw 3D.David Tapp and Amanda Young were released as part of the downloadable Saw Chapter for the video game Dead by Daylight.A bundle featuring an operator dressed up as Billy the Puppet was released in Call of Duty: Warzone and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare as part of the Haunting of Verdansk Halloween event.
In October 2021, Twisted Productions co-founders Burg and Koules confirmed a third Saw video game was in development for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.

 Comic books 
Saw: Rebirth, a comic book prequel to the original film released to promote Saw II. Its canonicity was later contradicted by events in Saw IV. It is, however, the first canonical appearance of Jigsaw's wife, Jill, who was later introduced into the film series in Saw III and established still-canonical elements of Jigsaw's backstory (an engineer who is dying from brain cancer).

 Theme park attractions 
"Saw – The Ride" is a Gerstlauer Euro-Fighter roller coaster themed around the franchise, which opened on March 13, 2009, at Thorpe Park in the United Kingdom. It features an enclosed dark ride section with special effects, before traveling outside and climbing a 100-foot vertical lift hill into a steep 100-degree beyond-vertical drop passing under large rotating saw blades.
Thorpe Park opened a temporary Saw attraction called "Saw – Movie Bites" for their 2009 Fright Nights event.
Thorpe Park added a permanent, year-round live action horror maze themed around the Saw movies. Named "Saw: Alive", it opened at the start of the 2010 season, and featured six scenes representing one iconic trap from each movie to date, but is no longer a permanent year-round attraction, and it only operated during Thorpe Park's Halloween event called Fright Nights. Until the mazes final year, in 2018, the park announced that it would close permanently and not return for the 2019 event.
"Saw: Game Over" was a 2009 horror maze made by Universal Studios for Halloween Horror Nights, based on characters, traps and scenes from the films. At the Universal Studios Hollywood rendition of Horror Nights it was titled Saw: Game Over, while at the Universal Studios Florida rendition, it was simply titled Saw.
"Saw", a themed haunted house, operated during the month of October at Fright Dome, Circus Circus Las Vegas. It featured interactive, handcrafted replicas of the "games" set by Jigsaw. It was introduced in 2009 and partnered with Lionsgate and Twisted Pictures.
In 2018, a themed escape room called "Saw Escape Las Vegas" was made by the creators of Fright Dome. It is officially licensed by LionsGate and is also located in the city of Las Vegas in Nevada, USA as the name suggests.
In 2010, "Halloween Fright Nights" at Warner Bros. Movie World featured a maze created by Sudden Impact Entertainment, featuring characters, traps and scenes from the films. The maze was simply titled "Saw Maze".
"Saw Haunted Attraction" was a maze at the Brea Plaza Shopping Center in 2008 created by Sinister Pointe Haunted Attractions.
"SAWMANIA" was a fan event in New York. Eventgoers were able to meet actors and directors, and view props used in the films.

 Merchandising 
Merchandising includes Billy the Puppet dolls, Jigsaw figurines and costumes, and Pig mask figurines and masks.

 See also 
Extreme cinema

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Official website 
Saw at IMDb

2022 Sport Club Internacional season
The 2022 season was Sport Club Internacional's 112th season in existence. As well as the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the club competed in the Copa do Brasil, the Campeonato Gaúcho and the Copa Sudamericana.
Internacional started the season under coach 'Cacique' Medina, but soon found itself in a bad situation after a sub-par performance in the Campeonato Gaúcho, being knocked out by rivals Gremio thanks to a 3–0 home defeat in the knockout round which the team was unable to turn around even after winning at the Arena do Grêmio in the 2nd leg.
Moreover, Inter managed to suffer one of the worst defeats of its history after being knocked out in the First Round of the Copa do Brasil to a 2–0 defeat to minnows Globo FC, pilling pressure on the team and Medina. The Uruguayan was sacked after a 1–1 draw at Beira-Rio vs Guaireña, prompting the hiring of veteran and Rio Grande do Sul-born Mano Menezes.
Under Menezes, the Colorado slowly managed to find consistency, also greatly after the signings of players like Wanderson, Carlos De Pena, Vitão, Renê, Gabriel, Pedro Henrique and Alan Patrick. Inter qualified to the Sudamericana quarterfinals, a campaign highlighted by a comeback vs Colo Colo with a big 4–1 win at Beira-Rio, but was eliminated on its home soil to Melgar on penalties.
Internacional soon piled good results in the Brasileirão and was constantly on the races for the top spot, but was unable to reach eventual champions Palmeiras and found themselves Serie A runner-ups once again, the fifth time it happened in the 21st century.

 First team 
As of 13 November 2022Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Reserve squad 
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Transfers 

 In 

 Out 

 Competitions 

 Overview 

 Campeonato Gaúcho 

 League table 

 Matches 

 Knockout stage 

 Semi-finals 

 Copa Sudamericana 

 Round of 16 

The draw for the round of 16 was held on 27 May 2022.

 Quarter-finals 

 Serie A 

 League table 

 Results summary 

 Results by round 

 Matches 
The league fixtures were announced on 2 February 2022.

 Copa do Brasil 

 First round 

 Statistics 
Player with no appearances not included on list. Matches played as a sub in parentheses.
 Denotes a player that did not end the season at the club // ** Retired from football

As of As of 13 November 2022

 Goalscorers 

 Assists 

 References 

 External links 
Official website

List of American heiresses
This is a non-exhaustive list of some American socialites, from before the Gilded Age to the end of the 20th century, who married into the European titled nobility, peerage, or royalty. The titles in this list are all mentioned or translated into English.

 Before 1865 
Elizabeth Barbé-Marbois, Marquise de Barbé-Marbois [1817] (née Elizabeth Moore) on 17 June 1784
Gertrude Buller, Lady Buller [1808] (née Gertrude Van Cortlandt) on 15 May 1790
Martha Hottinguer, Baroness Hottinguer [1810] (née Martha Eliza Redwood) on 24 August 1793
The Hon. Mrs Robert Kennedy (née Jane Macomb) on 22 March 1794
Doña Sarah McKean Armitage de Martínez de Irujo Tacón, Marquise de Casa Irujo [1803] (née Sarah McKean) on 10 April 1798
Ann Baring, Lady Baring [1810] and Baroness Ashburton [1835] (née Ann Louisa Bingham) on 23 August 1798
Maria de Tilly, Countess de Tilly (née Maria Matilda Bingham, younger sister of Ann Bingham) on 11 April 1799, later Maria du Blaisel, Marquise du Blaisel (previously Maria Baring) on 17 April 1826
Louisa Hervey-Bathurst, Lady Hervey-Bathurst [1818] (née Louisa Catherine Caton) on 24 April 1817, later Louisa D'Arcy-Osborne, Duchess of Leeds on 24 April 1828
Eliza, Countess von Rumpff (née Eliza Astor) on 25 October 1825
Marianne Wellesley, Marchioness Wellesley (née Marianne Caton, previously Patterson, elder sister of Louisa Caton) on 29 October 1825
Catherine Murat, Princess Murat and Princess of Naples (née Catherine Daingerfield Willis, previously Gray) on 12 July 1826
Jane Lampson, Lady Lampson (née Jane Walter Sibley) in 1827
Caroline Murat, Princess Murat and Princess of Pontecorvo (née Caroline Georgina Fraser) on 18 August 1831
Baroness Camille de Varaigne (née Mary Jauncey Thorne) on 28 March 1832
Elizabeth Stafford-Jerningham, Baroness Stafford (née Elizabeth Caton, younger sister of Marianne Caton) on 26 May 1836
Baroness Paul Daniel Gonzalve Grand d'Hauteville (née Ellen Sears) on 22 August 1837
Jane de Pierres, Baroness de Pierres (née Jane Mary Thorne, sister of Mary Thorne) on 7 June 1842
Adeline de La Valette, Marquise de La Valette (née Adeline Fowle, previously Welles) in 1842
Countess Amédée d'Audebert de Férussac (née Alice Adele Thorne, younger sister of Mary and Jane Thorne) on 27 August 1845
Countess Ferdinand de Lasteyrie (née Martha Washington Seabrook) on 30 May 1846
Countess Konstantin von Buxhoeveden (née Caroline McKnight) in 1847
Mary Cunard, Lady Cunard (née Mary Bache McEvers) in May 1849
Mary Blanc, Baroness Blanc (née Mary Elizabeth Gebhard) on 29 April 1852
Baroness Bernhard von Beust (née Sidonie Peters) in 1853
Baroness August von Wächter-Lautenbach (née Josephine Lee, elder sister of Mary Esther Lee) on 19 December 1855
Mary Dubois, Viscountess de Courval (née Mary Ray) on 2 July 1856
Baroness Ancelis de Vaugrigneuse (née Sarah Morris Stout) on 7 October 1857
Mary Fairfax, Lady Fairfax of Cameron (née Mary Brown Kirby) on 8 October 1857
Emily de Ganay, Marquise de Ganay (née Emily Ridgway) on 8 March 1858
Baroness Theodorus van Limburg (née Isabella "Belle" Cass) on 23 August 1858
Florence Eardley, Lady Eardley (née Emily Florence Magee) on 12 December 1859
Countess Harald Theodor Karl Gregor Moltke-Hvitfeldt (née Annie Hutton) in 1860
Countess Paul de Cadoine de Gabriac (née Florence Phalen) on 23 May 1861
Eliza Gavotti Verospi, Marquise Gavotti Verospi (née Eliza "Lizzie" Davis, younger sister of Mathilde "Tilly" Davis) on 10 October 1861
Princess Felix of Salm-Salm (née Agnes Elisabeth Winona Leclerc Joy) on 30 August 1862
Countess Paul von Hatzfeldt zu Wildenburg (née Helene Moulton) on 4 November 1863
Helen Scarlett, Baroness Abinger (née Helen Magruder) on 23 December 1863
Matilda Burnett, Lady Burnett (née Matilda Josephine Murphy) on 23 May 1864
Mathilde d'Erlanger, Baroness d'Erlanger (née Marguerite Mathilde Slidell) on 3 October 1864
Princess Frederick of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg, Princess of Noer (née Mary Esther Lee) on 3 November 1864, later Countess Alfred von Waldersee on 14 April 1874
Countess Carl Gustaf von Rosen (née Ella Carlton Moore) on 10 November 1864

 From 1865 to 1965 
After the beginning of the Reconstruction Era and the Gilded Age (at the end of the American Civil War on 9 May 1865):

The Hon. Mrs Ralph Harbord (née Elizabeth Pole Schenley) on 5 September 1865
Mary Virginia de Giverville, Countess of Giverville (née Mary Virginia Kingsbury) on 26 October 1865
Countess Charles-Aimery de Narbonne-Lara (née Catherine "Kate" Phalen) on 11 January 1866
Mathilde Lante Montefeltro della Rovere, Duchess di Bomarzo and Princess di Belmonte (née Mathilde "Tilly" Davis) on 28 April 1866
Elizabeth de Talleyrand-Périgord, Marquise de Talleyrand (née Elizabeth Beers-Curtis) on 18 March 1867
Anna Perrelli Tomacelli Filomarino, Princess di Boiano and Duchess di Monasterace (née Nina "Anna" Christina Haight) on 30 April 1868
Melissa Reade, Lady Reade (née Melissa Ray) on 4 June 1868
Elise, Countess of Edla (née Elise "Elisa" Friedericke Hensler) on 10 June 1869
Mary Elizabeth Brancaccio, Princess Brancaccio, Princess di Triggiano and Duchess di Lustra (née Mary Elizabeth Hickson Field) on 3 March 1870
Romaine, Baroness von Overbeck (née Romaine Madeleine Vinton Goddard) on 16 March 1870
Countess Maximilian Ernst Maria Esterházy zu Galántha und Forchtenstein (née Sarah Virginia Carroll, previously Griffin) on 6 June 1870
Eleanor Cenci, Princess di Vicovaro  (née Eleanor Spencer) on 25 June 1870
Princess Alexander zu Lynar (née May Amelia Parsons) on 10 May 1871
Countess Alfons de Diesbach (née Meta McCall) on 19 September 1871
Juliet Carington, Lady Carington (née Juliet Warden) on 23 September 1871
The Hon. Mrs Henry Wodehouse on 25 June 1872, then Mary Paget, Marchioness of Anglesey and Countess of Uxbridge on 26 June 1880 (née Mary "Minna" Livingstone King)
Marie de Grasse Evans, Lady Evans (née Marie de Grasse Stevens, previously Van Wart) on 31 July 1872
Constance Gianotti, Countess Gianotti (née Constance Elizabeth Kinney) on 21 August 1872
Marie Rosine de Serre, Countess de Saint-Roman (née Marie Rosine Slidell) on 30 September 1872
Countess Hans Lothar von Schweinitz (née Anna Jay) on 18 October 1872
Baroness Frédéric Grand d'Hauteville (née Susan Watts Macomb) in 1872
Baroness Adolph von Roques (née Caroline Holbrook, previously Du Barry) in 1872
Augusta Pellew, Viscountess Exmouth (née Augusta Jay) on 14 May 1873
Nora Blanc de Lanautte, Viscountess d'Hauterive (née Nora Davis, younger sister of Mathilde and Eliza Davis) on 15 October 1873
Lady Randolph Spencer-Churchill (née Jennie Jerome, aka the first American dollar princess) on 15 April 1874
Eliza Graham, Lady Graham of Esk (née Elizabeth "Eliza" Jane Burns) on 1 August 1874
Baroness Carl Nils Daniel de Bildt (née Lilian Augusta "Angelika" Stuart Moore) on 30 September 1874
Mary Elizabeth de Choiseul-Praslin, Duchess de Praslin (née Mary Elizabeth "Nellie" Forbes) on 17 December 1874
Marquise Simone Peruzzi de' Medici (née Edith Marion Story) on 9 February 1875
Alice Chapelle de Jumilhac, Duchess de Richelieu on 27 February 1875, then The Princess of Monaco on 30 October 1889 (née Alice Heine)
Sarita Le Peletier, Countess d'Aunay (née Sarita Kimball Berdan) on 3 March 1875
Margaret, Lady de Stuers on 20 April 1875, then Countess Eliot Zborowski, Countess de Montsaulnin on 7 March 1892 (née Margaret Laura Astor Carey)
Jane Molesworth, Lady Molesworth (née Jane Graham Frost) on 3 June 1875
Consuelo Montagu, Duchess of Manchester (née María Francisca de la Consolación "Consuelo" Yznaga) on 22 May 1876
Elizabeth Harcourt, Lady Harcourt (née Elizabeth Cabot Motley, previously Ives) on 2 December 1876
Countess Eberhard von Linden (née Isabella Andrews) on 2 December 1876
The Hon. Mrs Thomas George Grosvenor (née Sophia Williams) on 24 April 1877
Marquise Manfredi Lanza di Mercato Bianco (née Clara Hammond, aka Clara Lanza) on 10 May 1877
Countess Goffredo Guglielmo Galli (née Clara Roberts) on 9 June 1877
Caroline Caldeira Leitão Pinto de Albuquerque, Countess da Borralha (née Caroline Hildegarde Orne) on 12 September 1877
Antoinette Charette de La Contrie, Baroness de Charette (née Antoinette Van Leer Polk) on 1 December 1877
Mary Paget, Lady Paget (née Mary "Minnie" Fiske Stevens) on 27 July 1878
Edith Playfair, Baroness Playfair [1892] (née Edith Russell) on 3 October 1878
The Hon. Mrs Octavius Henry Lambart (née Hannah Sarah Howard) on 15 October 1878
Isabella Eugénie Reubsaet, Duchess di Camposelice [1881] (née Isabella Eugénie Boyer, previously Singer) on 8 January 1879
Ada Telfener, Countess Telfener (née Ada Hungerford) on 15 March 1879
Mary Cary, Viscountess Falkland (née Mary Reade) on 25 September 1879
Katharine Norton, Baroness Grantley (née Katharine Buckner McVickar, previously Norton) on 5 November 1879
Laura d'Avenel, Viscountess d'Avenel (née Laura Jane Delancey Meinell) in April 1880
Ellen Magawly Cerati, Countess Magawly di Calry (née Ellen Falkenburg Abbott) on 12 August 1880
The Hon. Mrs James Roche (née Frances Ellen Work) on 22 September 1880
Maria Anna Lobo da Silveira, Marquise de Alvito and Countess de Oriola (née Maria Anna Christ, previously Berna) on 18 December 1880
Florence Fermor-Hesketh, Lady Fermor-Hesketh (née Florence Emily Sharon) on 22 December 1880
Natica Lister-Kaye, Lady Lister-Kaye (née María de la Natividad "Natica" Yznaga) on 5 December 1881
Kate Perceval, Countess of Egmont (née Kate Howell) in 1881
Medora Manca-Amat de Vallombrosa, Marquise de Morès et de Montemaggiore (née Medora Marie von Hoffmann) on 15 February 1882
Margaret Waterlow, Lady Waterlow (née Margaret Hamilton) on 28 March 1882
Baroness Edmund Wucherer von Huldenfeld (née Margaret Plater Price) on 20 July 1882
Baroness Gábor Bornemisza de Kászon et Impérfalva (née Mathilde Louise Price) on 16 May 1883
The Hon. Mrs Hugh Oliver Northcote (née Edith Fish) on 6 June 1883
Anita Wolseley, Lady Wolseley (née Anita Theresa Murphy) on 17 July 1883
Julia Paget, Lady Paget (née Julia Norrie Moke) on 19 July 1883
Leonie Leslie, Lady Leslie (née Leonie Blanche Jerome) on 2 October 1884
The Hon. Mrs Charles Maule Ramsay (née Martha Estelle Garrison) on 28 May 1885
Josephine Ruspoli, Princess di Poggio Suasa (née Josephine Mary Beers-Curtis) on 18 June 1885
Daisy Balluet d'Estournelles de Constant, Baroness de Constant de Rebecque (née Margaret "Daisy" Sedgwick Berend) on 25 June 1885
Frances Venables-Vernon, Baroness Vernon (née Frances Margaret Lawrance) on 14 July 1885
Tennessee Cook, Lady Cook and Viscountess de Monserrate (née Tennessee Celeste Claflin) on 15 October 1885
Marquise Carlo Vetti Torrigiani (née Nancy McClellan Fry) in 1885
Norma de Suarez d'Aulan, Marquise d'Aulan (née Norma Christmas) on 17 March 1886
Baroness Louis de La Grange (née Anita Maria Carroll) on 14 October 1886
Countess Jean de Kergorlay (née Mary Louisa Carroll) on 3 December 1886
The Hon. Mrs Walter Yarde-Buller (née Leilah Kirkham, previously Blair) in 1886
Adele de Talleyrand-Périgord, Duchess of Dino (née Adele Livingston Sampson, previously Stevens) on 25 January 1887
Ellen Butler, Marchioness of Ormonde (née Ellen Sprague Stager) on 8 March 1887
Princess Louis de Scey-Montbéliard on 27 July 1887, then Princess Edmond de Polignac on 15 December 1893 (née Winnaretta Eugenie Singer)
Countess Detalmo Savorgnan di Brazzà (née Cora Ann Slocomb) on 18 October 1887
Baroness Ludovic Moncheur (née Mary Daisy Holman) on 26 October 1887
Laura Haldane-Duncan, Countess of Camperdown (née Laura Dove, previously Blanchard) on 4 February 1888
Marquise Paolo d'Adda Salvaterra on 7 February 1888, then Countess Horace de Choiseul-Praslin on 25 May 1906 (née Mary Hooper)
Isabelle-Blanche Decazes de Glücksbierg, Duchess Decazes and Duchess af Glücksbierg (née Isabelle Blanche Singer) on 28 April 1888
Louisa Walpole, Countess of Orford (née Louisa Melissa Corbin) on 17 May 1888
Lily Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough on 29 June 1888, then Lady William Beresford on 30 April 1895 (née Jane Lilian "Lily" Warren Price, previously Hamersley)
Leila Herbert, Lady Herbert (née Leila "Belle" Wilson) on 27 November 1888
Helen Duncan, Lady Duncan (née Helen Julia Pfizer) in 1888
Doña María Luisa La Farge Binsse de Saint-Victor de Ágreda May, Countess de Casa de Ágreda (née Marie Louise La Farge, previously Lorillard, aka Countess de Agreda) on 4 February 1889
Elizabeth Smith-Barry, Baroness Barrymore (née Elizabeth Wadsworth, previously Post) on 28 February 1889
Jeanie Naylor-Leyland, Lady Naylor-Leyland (née Jeanie Willson Chamberlain) on 14 September 1889
Princess Franz von Hatzfeldt zu Wildenburg (née Clara Elizabeth Prentice-Huntington) on 28 October 1889
Caroline Fitzmaurice, Baroness Fitzmaurice (née Caroline Fitzgerald) on 23 November 1889
Sarah, Baroness Halkett (née Sarah Maria Phelps Stokes) on 11 February 1890
Countess Maximilian Albrecht zu Pappenheim (née Mary Wister Wheeler) on 29 April 1890
Josephine Boyle, Countess of Cork and Orrery (née Josephine Catherine Hale) on 30 April 1890
Clara de Riquet, Princess de Caraman-Chimay (née Clara Ward) on 19 May 1890
Baroness Moritz Curt von Zedtwitz (née Mary Elizabeth "Lina" Breckinridge Caldwell) in June 1890
Countess Charles de Galliffet on 15 November 1890, then Countess Maurice des Monstiers de Mérinville on 28 July 1914 (née Frances Stevens)
Helene Leigh, Baroness Leigh (née Frances Helene Forbes Beckwith) on 29 November 1890
Princess Friedrich Wilhelm von Ardeck, Princess von Ardeck on 17 December 1890, then Baroness József Döry de Jobaháza on 4 February 1904 (née Anne Hollingsworth Price)
Marcelite Le Tonnelier, Marquise de Breteuil (née Marcelite "Lita" Garner) on 3 March 1891
Countess Hermann Alexander de Pourtalès (née Helen "Hélène" Barbey) on 25 April 1891
Florence Gordon-Cumming, Lady Gordon-Cumming (née Florence Garner) on 10 June 1891
Mary Gough-Calthorpe, Baroness Calthorpe (née Mary Burrows) on 22 July 1891
Baroness Maximilian von Berg (née Sallie Mae Price) on 22 October 1891
Countess Micislas Orlowski (née Mabel Ledyard Stevens) on 28 December 1891
Emma Seillière, Baroness Seillière (née Emma Riley, previously Livermore) on 22 April 1892
Countess Johannes von Francken-Sierstorpff (née Mary Carpenter Knowlton) on 27 April 1892
The Hon. Mrs Francis Anson (née Caroline Cleveland) on 15 June 1892
Elizabeth Eaton, Baroness Cheylesmore (née Elizabeth Richardson French) on 14 July 1892
Amy Home-Speirs, Lady Home (née Amy Eliza Green) on 30 August 1892
Antoinette Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, Lady Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone (née Antoinette Pinchot) on 21 December 1892
Mary Caroline Grey-Egerton, Lady Grey-Egerton (née Mary Caroline "May" Campbell Cuyler) on 4 January 1893
Cornelia Craven, Countess of Craven (née Cornelia Martin) on 18 April 1893
Flora Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood, Marchioness of Dufferin and Ava on 16 October 1893, then Flora Curzon, Countess Howe in December 1919 (née Florence "Flora" Hamilton Davis)
Adele Capell, Countess of Essex (née Adele Beach Grant) on 14 December 1893
Virginia Coventry, Viscountess Deerhurst (née Virginia Lee Daniel, aka Virginia Bonynge) on 10 March 1894
Countess Georg Erdődy de Monyorókerék et Monoszló (née Julia Scott) on 30 April 1894
Elizabeth Poniatowski, Princess Poniatowski, Princess di Monte Rotondo (née Elizabeth Helen Sperry) on 6 October 1894
Princess Sergei Belosselsky-Belozersky (née Susan Tucker Whittier) on 23 October 1894
Lady Francis Pelham-Clinton-Hope (née Mary Augusta "May" Yohé, aka the first American stage princess) on 27 November 1894
The Hon. Mrs Bertrand Russell (née Alys Whitall Pearsall Smith) on 13 December 1894
Countess Boni de Castellane on 4 March 1895, then Anna de Talleyrand-Périgord, Duchess de Sagan on 7 July 1908 (née Anna Gould)
Maud Cunard, Lady Cunard (née Maud Alice Burke) on 18 April 1895
Mary Curzon, Marchioness Curzon of Kedleston, Vicereine of India (née Mary Victoria Leiter) on 22 April 1895
Lady Sholto George Douglas (née Loretta Mooney, aka Loretta Addis) on 31 May 1895
Leonora Bennet, Countess of Tankerville (née Leonora Sophia Van Marter) on 23 October 1895
Countess Maximilien de Foras (née Marie Delphine Meredith Read) on 5 November 1895
Consuelo Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough (née Consuelo Vanderbilt) on 6 November 1895
Cara Broughton, Baroness Fairhaven (née Cara Leland Rogers, previously Duff) on 12 November 1895
Margaret Pineton de Chambrun, Marquise de Chambrun (née Margaret Rives Nichols) on 12 December 1895
Countess Béla Mária Rudolf Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő (née Mabel Elizabeth Wright, previously Yznaga) on 26 December 1895
Amy Parker, Lady Parker [1902] (née Amy VanTine) in December 1895
Princess Pierre Troubetzkoy (née Amélie Louise Rives, previously Chanler) on 18 February 1896
Countess Conrad de Buisseret Steenbecque de Blarenghien (née Caroline Sherman Story) on 17 August 1896
Mary Gwendolin des Montiers-Mérinville, Marquise des Monstiers-Mérinville (née Mary Gwendolin "Mamie" Byrd Caldwell) on 19 October 1896
Viscountess Léon Frédéric de Janzé (née Marguerite "Moya" Hennessy) on 11 January 1897
Baroness Clemens August von Ketteler (née Matilda "Maud" Cass Ledyard) on 24 February 1897
Countess Manfred von Matuschka (née  Helen "Ella" Holbrook Walker) on 16 June 1897, then Princess della Torre e Tasso and Duchess of Castel Duino (previously Hyde) in May 1932
Countess Arthur de Gabriac (née Fanny Fithian) on 27 October 1897
Cora Byng, Countess of Strafford (née Cora Smith, previously Colgate) on 6 December 1898
Baroness Adolf Johann von Brüning (née Marion "Maria" Hubbard Treat, previously McKay, aka Countess Maria von Bruening) on 18 April 1899
Princess Franz Seraph Maria Joseph Nepomuk von Auersperg (née Florence Elsworth Hazard) on 14 June 1899
Mary Harcourt, Viscountess Harcourt (née Mary Ethel Burns) on 1 July 1899
Princess Mikhail Cantacuzène, Countess Speransky (née Julia Dent Grant) on 24 September 1899
Pauline, Baroness von Bush (née Clara Pauline Joran, aka Baroness de Bush) on 6 December 1899
The Hon. Mrs Charles John Coventry (née Lily Whitehouse) on 16 January 1900
Marian Hottinguer, Baroness Hottinguer (née Marian Hall Munroe) on 23 January 1900
The Hon. Mrs Archibald Lionel Lindesay-Bethune (née Ethel Tucker) on 31 January 1900
Edith Vessicchio, Countess di Castelmenardo (née Edith Marie Van Buren, aka Countess de Castelmenardo) on 7 July 1900
Helena Montagu, Duchess of Manchester on 14 November 1900, then Helena Keith-Falconer, Countess of Kintore on 23 November 1937 (née Helena Zimmerman)
Gertrude Forbes-Robertson, Lady Forbes-Robertson [1913] (née May Gertrude Dermot, aka Gertrude Elliott) in 1900
Countess Aldebert de Chambrun (née Clara Eleanor Longworth) on 19 February 1901
Ethel Beatty, Countess Beatty [1919] (née Ethel Newcomb Field, previously Tree) on 22 May 1901
The Hon. Mrs William Arthur de la Poer Horsley-Beresford (née Florence Miller) on 17 June 1901
Countess Franz-Joseph Larisch von Moennich (née Mary "Marie" Satterfield) on 27 June 1901
Maria Rospigliosi, Princess Rospigliosi and Duchess di Zagarolo (née Marie "Maria" Jennings Reid, previously Parkhurst) on 26 August 1901
Countess Boson de Talleyrand-Périgord, Duchess de Valençay  (née Helen Stuyvesant Morton) on 5 October 1901
Princess Jean Ghika (née Hazel Marie Singer) on 19 December 1901
Elena Hely-Hutchinson, Countess of Donoughmore (née Elena Maria Grace) on 21 December 1901
Patricia Lockhart-Ross, Lady Lockhart-Ross (née Patricia Burnley Ellison) in 1901
Baroness Ludovic Moncheur (née Charlotte "Carlota" Clayton) on 15 January 1902
Wilhelmina Burrell, Lady Burrell (née Wilhelmina Louisa Winans) on 11 February 1902
Countess Hugo von und zu Lerchenfeld auf Köfering und Schönberg (née Ethel Louise Wyman) on 24 September 1902
Countess Paul Raoul de Sauvan d'Aramon (née Henrietta "Rita" Bell) on 24 September 1902
The Hon. Mrs Walter Patrick Lindsay (née Ruth Henderson) on 26 November 1902
The Hon. Mrs Cecil Baring (née Maude Louise Lorillard, previously Tailer) in November 1902
Baroness André Poupart de Neuflize (née Eveline "Eva" Barbey) on 10 February 1903
Alice Seymour, Countess of Yarmouth (née Alice Cornelia Thaw) on 27 April 1903
Harriet della Gherardesca, Countess della Gherardesca (née Harriet Richmond Taylor) on 20 May 1903
Romaine Monson, Baroness Monson (née Romaine Stone, previously Turnure) on 1 July 1903
Baroness Constantin Johan Edvard Axel Ramsay (née Frances Whitehouse) on 7 July 1903
Lilian Bagot, Baroness Bagot (née Lilian Marie May) on 25 July 1903
Mary Innes-Ker, Duchess of Roxburghe (née Mary "May" Goelet) on 10 November 1903
Countess Riccardo Fabbricotti (née Cornelia Roosevelt Scovel) on 25 November 1903
Countess Odon de Lubersac (née Constance Livermore, aka Constance Livermore-Seillière) on 26 January 1904
Countess Alexander von Beroldingen (née Margot Marie Stone) on 3 February 1904
Countess Josef Gizycki (née Eleanor Josephine Medill "Cissy" Patterson) on 14 April 1904
Countess Louis de Gontaut-Biron (née Martha "Marthe" Leishman) on 27 June 1904
Countess Gaston de Breteuil (née Edythe Scott Grant) on 18 July 1904
Marion Bateman-Hanbury, Baroness Bateman (née Marion Alice Graham, previously Knapp) on 23 July 1904
Baroness Reinhart Bachofen von Echt (née Alice Pfizer) on 5 September 1904
Countess Camille de Borchgrave d'Altena (née Ruth Reilly Snyder) on 22 September 1904
Edith Dusmet de Smours, Marquise Dusmet de Smours (née Edith Oliver) on 22 October 1904
Margaret Howard, Countess of Suffolk (née Margaret "Daisy" Hyde Leiter) on 26 December 1904
Alice Lowther, Lady Lowther (née Alice Blight) on 28 February 1905
Anna St Clair-Erskine, Countess of Rosslyn (née Anna Robinson) on 21 March 1905
Beatrice de Galard de Béarn, Princess de Béarn et de Chalais (née Beatrice Winans) on 24 June 1905
The Hon. Mrs Frederick Edward Guest (née Amy Phipps) on 28 June 1905
The Hon. Mrs Lionel George William Guest (née Flora Bigelow, previously Dodge) on 6 July 1905
Alberta Montagu, Countess of Sandwich (née Alberta Sturges) on 25 July 1905
The Hon. Mrs Alexander FitzRoy St Clair-Erskine (née Winifrede Baker) on 28 October 1905
Countess Carl von Holnstein aus Bayern (née Mildred Harrison) on 16 November 1905
Eloise Heathcote-Drummond-Willoughby, Countess of Ancaster (née Eloise Lawrence Breese) on 6 December 1905
Frances Baring, Baroness Ashburton (née Frances Donnelly, aka Frances Belmont) on 19 February 1906
Nancy Astor, Viscountess Astor (née Nancy Witcher Langhorne, previously Shaw) on 3 May 1906
The Hon. Mrs Lionel John Olive Lambart (née Adelaide Douglas Randolph) on 8 May 1906
Mary Falle, Baroness Portsea (née Mary Greene Hubbard Sturgis, previously Seymour) on 18 July 1906
Isabella Geddes, Baroness Geddes [1942] (née Isabella Gamble Ross) on 8 September 1906
Clara Green-Price, Lady Green-Price (née Clara Lucile Potter) on 24 November 1906
The Hon. Mrs Murrough O'Brien (née Marguerite Lewis) on 21 November 1906
Hermione Law, Baroness Ellenborough (née Hermione Octavia Croghan Schenley) on 19 December 1906
Madeleine d'Andigné, Marquise d'Andigné (née Madeleine Ives Goddard) on 29 December 1906
Countess Carl Poul Oscar Moltke (née Cornelia Van Rensselaer Thayer) on 29 June 1907
Baroness Maximilian Konrad von Romberg (née Antoinette MacDonough Converse) in July 1907
Mary Elsie Torlonia, Princess di Civitella-Cesi (née Mary Elsie Moore) on 15 August 1907
Lady Alastair Robert Innes-Ker (née Anne Breese) on 10 October 1907
Amy Harrington, Lady Harrington (née Amy McMillan) on 13 October 1907
The Hon. Mrs Henry Thomas Coventry (née Edith Kip, previously McCreery) on 3 December 1907
Baroness Leo de Graffenried (née Irma Stern) on 10 December 1907
Countess László Széchenyi de Sárvár-Felsővidék (née Gladys Moore Vanderbilt) on 27 January 1908
Florence Grosvenor, Baroness Ebury (née Florence Padelford) on 1 February 1908
Theodora d'Albert, Duchess of Chaulnes (née Theodora Mary Shonts) on 16 February 1908
Countess Rudolph Festetics de Tolna (née Alice Ney Wetherbee) on 24 February 1908
Baroness Johann Friedrich von Hiller (née Emily Bronaugh Barney) on 6 June 1908
Jean Ward, Lady Ward (née Jean Templeton Reid) on 23 June 1908
Elizabeth de Queirós de Almeida e Vasconcelos, Countess de Santa Eulalia (née Sarah Elizabeth Shindler, previously Stetson) on 23 July 1908
Baroness Curt Loeffelholz von Colberg (née Ione "Iona" Wilhelmina Sutton Pickhardt, previously Shope) in 1908
Beatrice Forbes, Countess of Granard (née Beatrice Mills) on 14 January 1909
Countess Hermann von Seherr-Thoss (née Margaret Muriel White) on 29 April 1909
Josephine del Drago dei Principi del Drago, Marquise di Riofreddo (née Josephine Kleiner, previously Schmid, aka Princess del Drago) on 22 May 1909
Beatrice Theodoli, Marquise Theodoli di San Vito (née Beatrice Thaw) on 4 June 1909
Hazel Lavery, Lady Lavery [1918] (née Hazel Martyn, previously Trudeau) on 21 July 1909
Florence Fermor-Hesketh, Baroness Hesketh (née Florence Louise Breckinridge) on 9 September 1909
Princess Miguel of Braganza (née Anita Rhinelander Stewart) on 15 September 1909
Susanne Charette de La Contrie, Marquise de Charette and Baroness de La Contrie (née Susanne Henning) on 11 November 1909
Olive Greville, Baroness Greville (née Olive Grace, previously Kerr) on 24 November 1909
Irene, Viscountess de Beughem de Houtem (née Irone "Irene" Hare) on 5 December 1909
Ellen Hood, Lady Hood (née Ellen Touzalin, previously Nickerson) on 19 January 1910
Countess Antal Sigray (née Harriot Holmes "Hattie" Daly) on 29 March 1910
Baroness Ferdinand Carl von Stumm (née Constance Hoyt) on 30 March 1910
Margaretta Finch-Hatton, Countess of Winchilsea and Nottingham (née Margaretta Armstrong Drexel) on 8 June 1910
Mildred Acheson, Countess of Gosford (née Caroline Mildred Carter) on 21 June 1910
Helen Eliot, Countess of St Germans (née Helen Agnes Post) on 22 June 1910
Princess Albrecht Radziwiłł (née Dorothy Evelyn "Dolly" Deacon) on 5 July 1910
Countess Pierre-Joseph de Salviac de Viel-Castel (née Annah Dillon Ripley) on 15 October 1910
Jane Vavasseur Fisher, Baroness Fisher (née Jane Morgan) on 22 November 1910
Lucie de Choiseul-Praslin, Duchess de Praslin (née Lucie Marie Tate, previously Paine) on 28 November 1910
Alys Bingham, Lady Bingham (née Alys Elizabeth Carr, previously Chauncey) on 3 February 1911
Helen Beresford, Baroness Decies (née Helen Vivien Gould) on 7 February 1911
Lady George Hugo Cholmondeley (née Clara Elizabeth Taylor, previously Stirling) on 7 March 1911
Duchess Henry Borwin zu Mecklenburg (née Elizabeth Tibbits Pratt, previously De Gasquet-James) on 15 June 1911
Princess Victor von Thurn und Taxis (née Lida Eleanor Nicolls, previously Fitzgerald) on 1 November 1911
Mildred Stonor, Baroness Camoys (née Mildred Constance Sherman) on 25 November 1911
Baroness Hardouin de Reinach-Werth (née Diana Morgan Hill) on 6 December 1911
Marguerite Caetani, Princess di Bassiano and Duchess di Sermoneta (née Marguerite Chapin) in 1911
Countess Anton Apponyi de Nagy-Appony (née Kate "Kitty" Nelke) on 3 June 1912
The Hon. Mrs Alfred Anson (née Lela Amelia Alexander, previously Emery) on 1 July 1912
Antoinette Brett, Viscountess Esher (née Antoinette Heckscher) on 1 October 1912
Constance de Lasteyrie du Saillant, Marquise de Lasteyrie du Saillant (née Constance Whitney Warren) on 19 December 1912
Margaret Vanneck, Baroness Huntingfield (née Margaret Eleanor Crosby) on 21 December 1912
Princess Michel Murat (née Helena McDonald Stallo) on 6 February 1913
Elinor Chapelle de Jumilhac, Duchess de Richelieu (née Elinor Douglas Wise) on 8 February 1913
Princess Daria Karageorgevich (née Myra Abigail "Abbie" Pankhurst, previously Pratt) on 11 June 1913
Princess Aymon de Faucigny-Lucinge (née Carolyn Salome Foster, previously Stickney) on 2 July 1913
Nancy, Duchess of Croÿ (née Nancy Louise Leishman) on 24 October 1913
Countess Paul Cornet de Ways-Ruart (née Gladys Villiers McMillan) on 18 February 1914
Mae Wellesley, Countess Cowley (née Mae Josephine Callicott, aka Mae Pickard or May Picard) on 23 February 1914
Countess Armand de Jumilhac (née Ethel Lynde Barbey, previously Norrie) on 13 June 1914
Laura Rospigliosi, Princess Rospigliosi (née Laura McDonald Stallo) on 30 June 1914
Countess Gyula Apponyi de Nagy-Appony (née Gladys Virginia Steuart) on 29 July 1914
Julia Greg, Lady Greg (née Julia Fairchild Schreiner) in 1914
Elizabeth, Baroness von Barchfeld (née Elizabeth Reid Rogers) on 14 January 1915
Princess Ludovico Pignatelli d'Aragon (née Ruth Morgan Waters) on 4 May 1915
Nobile Miriam Caracciolo dei Duchi di Melito (née Miriam Terry Crosby, aka Countess Miriam Caracciolo di Melito) on 3 June 1915
Eleanor Methuen, Baroness Methuen (née Eleanor "Norah" Hennessy) on 6 July 1915
Countess Roger de Périgny (née Frances Evelyn "Fannie" Bostwick, previously Francis) on 17 August 1915
Emily de La Grange, Baroness de La Grange (née Emily Eleanor Sloane) on 15 September 1915
Duchess Henry Borwin zu Mecklenburg (née Natalie "Lily" Oelrichs, previously Martin) in 1915
Ida Minotto, Countess Minotto (née Ida May Swift) on 15 January 1916
Countess Fal de Saint-Phalle (née Marie Guidet Abeel Duryee) on 9 May 1916
Grace Sandilands, Lady Torphichen (née Grace Douglass Pierce) on 3 June 1916
Princess Andrea Boncompagni-Ludovisi-Rondinelli-Vitelli, Marquise di Bucine (née Margaret Preston Draper) on 25 October 1916Princess Alfred zu Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst (née Catherine Britton) on 14 December 1916
Grace Curzon, Marchioness Curzon of Kedleston (née Grace Elvina Hinds, previously Duggan) on 2 January 1917
Princess Houreddin Vlora (née Helen Margaret Kelly, previously Thomas) on 20 June 1917
Peggy Brodrick, Viscountess Dunsford (née Margaret "Peggy" Rush) on 23 June 1917
Eva Gourgaud, Baroness Gourgaud (née Eva Buckingham Gebhard) on 25 September 1917
Baroness Friedrich von und zu Weichs zur Wenne (née Vernal Edna Andrews, aka Fern Andra) on 28 September 1917
Nina de Polignac, Marquise de Polignac (née Nina Floyd Crosby, previously Eustis) on 24 October 1917
Princess Afonso of Braganza, Duchess of Porto (née Nevada Stoody, aka Nevada Stoody Hayes, previously Van Volkenburgh) on 23 November 1917
Countess André de Limur (née Ethel Mary Crocker) on 27 March 1918
Baroness Alfred de Ropp (née Olivia Pillsbury) on 12 March 1919
Princess Dmitri Golitsyn (née Frances Simpson Stevens) on 19 April 1919
Ava Lister, Baroness Ribblesdale (née Ava Lowle Willing, previously Astor) on 5 June 1919
Countess Mario Panciera di Zoppola (née Edith Mary "Tookie" Mortimer) on 21 June 1919
Baroness Emile de Cartier de Marchienne (née Marie Emery Dow, previously Cary) on 16 July 1919
Countess Eugeniusz Dąmbski on 5 November 1919, then Princess Serge Mdivani on 14 May 1927 (née Apolonia Chałupiec, aka Pola Negri)
Princess Marie-André Poniatowski (née Frances Alice Willing Lawrance) on 27 December 1919
Princess Anastasia of Greece and Denmark (née Nonie "Nancy" May Stewart, previously Leeds) on 1 January 1920
Countess Alexandre de Saint-Phalle (née Helene Georgia Harper) on 6 April 1920
Mary Wallop, Viscountess Lymington (née Mary Lawrence Post) on 31 July 1920
Ruth de Villiers, Viscountess du Terrage (née Ruth King) on 4 November 1920
Eleanor Stuart, Countess Castle Stewart (née Eleanor May Guggenheim) on 16 December 1920
Gladys Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough (née Gladys Marie Deacon) on 25 June 1921
Princess Mikhail Cantacuzène, Countess Speransky (née Clarissa Pelham Curtis) on 26 June 1921
Edith Paget, Baroness Queenborough (née Edith Starr Miller) on 19 July 1921
Alice de Janzé, Countess de Janzé (née Alice Silverthorne) on 21 September 1921
Evelyn de Crussol, Duchess de Crussol (née Evelyn Anne Gordon) on 10 October 1921
Countess Paul Pálffy ab Erdöd (née Dorothy Evelyn "Dolly" Deacon, previously Radziwiłł) on 15 January 1922
Countess Anastasy Vonsyatsky (née Marion Buckingham Ream) on 4 February 1922
Catherine Herbert, Countess of Carnarvon (née Anne Catherine Tredick Wendell) on 17 July 1922
Margaret Dukes, Lady Dukes (née Margaret Stuyvesant Rutherfurd, previously Mills) in October 1922, then Princess Charles Murat on 5 July 1929
Kathleen Feilding, Countess of Denbigh (née Kathleen Emmet) on 12 February 1923
Gwendolin Edmonstone, Lady Edmonstone (née Gwendolin Marshall Field) on 5 April 1923
Countess Carlo Dentice di Frasso (née Dorothy Caldwell Taylor, previously Grahame-White) on 9 July 1923
Jessica Carnegie, Countess of Northesk (née Jessica Ruth Brown, previously Reinhard) on 19 July 1923
Countess Roger de Périgny (née Margaret Copley Thaw, previously Carnegie) on 12 November 1923
Countess Ludwig von Salm-Hoogstraeten (née Mary Millicent Abigail Rogers) on 8 January 1924
Iris Origo, Marquise di Val d'Orcia (née Iris Margaret Cutting) on 4 March 1924
The Hon. Mrs John Francis Amherst Cecil (née Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt) on 29 April 1924
Princess Viggo of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, Countess af Rosenborg (née Eleanor Margaret Green) on 10 June 1924
Barbara Stuart, Countess of Moray (née Barbara Murray) on 21 June 1924
Elizabeth Lindsay, Lady Lindsay (née Elizabeth Sherman Hoyt) on 14 July 1924
Valérie Pozzo di Borgo, Duchess Pozzo di Borgo (née Valerie "Valérie" Norrie) on 21 July 1924
Princess Obolensky-Neledinsky-Meletzky on 24 July 1924, then Ava Hofmann, Edle von Hofmannsthal on 21 January 1933 (née Ava Alice Muriel Astor)
Countess Pierre de Jumilhac (née Constance Crowninshield Coolidge, previously Atherton) on 11 October 1924
Philippa Stewart, Countess of Galloway (née Philippa Fendall Wendell) on 14 October 1924
Margaret Caracciolo, Princess di Castagneto and Duchess di Melito (née Margaret Clarke) on 8 January 1925
Gloria Le Bailly de La Falaise, Marquise de La Coudraye (née Gloria May Josephine Swanson, previously Somborn) on 28 January 1925
Countess Raoul de Roussy de Sales (née Reine Marie Tracy, previously Stewart) on 5 February 1925
Katherine James, Baroness Northbourne (née Katherine Louise Nickerson) on 4 March 1925
Kay Bourbon del Monte, Princess di San Faustino (née Katherine "Kay" Linn Sage) on 30 March 1925
Baroness Roland de Graffenried de Villars (née Dorothy Gould) on 5 May 1925
Princess Guido Pignatelli (née Constance Grenelle Wilcox) on 28 August 1925
Princess Eduard Josef von Lobkowicz (née Anita Hegeler Lihme, aka Princess Edward Joseph de Lobkowicz) on 29 August 1925
Princess Mstislav Galitzine, Countess Ostermann (née Amy "Aimée" Isabella Crocker, previously Miskinoff) on 22 September 1925
Nobile Marion Dusmet de Smours dei Duchi Dusmet de Smours (née Marion "Polly" Hubbard Powers) on 30 September 1925
Baroness Jean de Lustrac (née Helen Reid) on 24 November 1925
Elsie Mendl, Lady Mendl (née Ella "Elsie" Anderson De Wolfe) on 10 March 1926
Thelma Furness, Viscountess Furness (née Thelma Morgan, previously Converse) on 27 June 1926
Princess David Mdivani (née Marie Adrienne Koenig, aka Mae Murray) on 27 June 1926
Marian Chigi Albani della Rovere, Princess Chigi Albani della Rovere (née Marian Berry) on 16 July 1926
Princess Romanovskaya-Ilyinskaya on 21 November 1926, then Princess Dimitri Djordjadze in March 1937 (née Anna Audrey Emery)
Princess Levan Melikov (née Rosalie Hooker, previously Dixon, aka Princess Melikov de Somhetie) in 1926
Countess Gaston de Galard de Béarn, Countess de Béarn (née Monica Maude Avery) on 25 April 1927
Countess André-Marie de Saint-Phalle (née Jeanne Jacqueline Harper) on 7 June 1927
Doña Margaret Strong Rockefeller de Cuevas Bartholín, Marquise de Piedrablanca de Guana, aka Marquise de Cuevas (née Margaret Rockefeller Strong) on 3 August 1927
Princess Balthazar Gyalma Odescalchi (née Elaine Wilhelmine Daniels Willcox) on 30 September 1927
Baroness Maximilian Edmund von Romberg (née Emily Purdon Hall) on 14 April 1928
Nobile Marie Sommaripa dei Signori di Paro e Andro (née Marie Seton) on 11 August 1928
Countess Paul Pálffy ab Erdöd (née Eleanor Jenckes Roelker, previously Tweed) on 25 August 1928
Princess Charles-Philippe d'Orléans, Duchess of Nemours (née Marguerite Watson) on 24 September 1928
Beatrice Acheson, Countess of Gosford (née Beatrice Claflin, previously Breese) on 1 October 1928
Countess Folke Bernadotte, Countess af Wisborg (née Estelle Romaine Manville) on 1 December 1928
The Hon. Mrs Michael Simon Scott (née Ruth Brady) on 31 December 1928
Princess Heinrich Reuss zu Köstritz (née Allene Tew, previously Burchard) on 10 April 1929, then Countess Pavel Kotzebue on 4 March 1936
Countess Cyril Tolstoy (née Gwendolyn Currie, previously Seyburn) on 15 June 1929
Caroline Nicolis, Countess di Robilant e Cereaglio (née Caroline Kent) on 1 October 1929
Baroness James-Ferdinand Baeyens (née Mary Cecelia "Cecilia" Clark) on 16 October 1929
Genevieve de Janzé, Countess de Janzé (née Genevieve Willinger, previously Ryan) on 9 January 1930
Marion Butler, Countess of Carrick (née Marion Caher Donoghue, previously Edwards) on 14 August 1930, then Marion Cavendish, Baroness Chesham on 20 October 1938
The Hon. Mrs Andrew Nicholas Armstrong Vanneck (née Louise Hollingsworth Morris Clews) on 1 September 1930, then Louise Campbell, Duchess of Argyll on 23 November 1935
Princess Serge Mdivani (née Mamie Harris, aka Mary McCormic, previously Rankin) on 27 April 1931
Princess Johannes von Liechtenstein (née Aleene McFarland) on 29 July 1931
Constance Le Bailly de La Falaise, Marquise de La Coudraye (née Constance Campbell Bennett, previously Plant) on 22 November 1931
Countess Giovanni Guido Carlo Cardelli (née Jacqueline Melanie Stewart) on 23 November 1931
Marian Rospigliosi, Princess Rospigliosi and Duchess di Zagarolo (née Marian Adair Snowden) on 27 November 1931
Renee Carafa, Duchess d'Andria e Castel del Monte (née Renee Thornton, previously Hageman) on 27 January 1932
Katherine Runciman, Viscountess Runciman of Doxford (née Katherine Schuyler Garrison) on 11 April 1932
Lady Charles Cavendish (née Adele Marie Austerlitz, aka Adele Astaire) on 9 May 1932
Elizabeth Prescott, Lady Prescott (née Elizabeth Hughes Melcer) on 12 November 1932
Isabel, Countess von Ostheim (née Isabel Neilson) on 28 November 1932
Lillie Apuzzo di Portanova, Baroness di Portanova (née Lillie Cranz Cullen) on 16 December 1932
Mary Elsie Wellesley, Countess Cowley (née Mary Elsie May, previously Himes) on 18 June 1933
Princess Alexis Mdivani (née Barbara Woolworth Hutton) on 22 June 1933, then Countess Kurt von Haugwitz-Reventlow on 14 May 1935, then Princess Igor Troubetzkoy (previously Grant) on 1 April 1947, then Baroness Gottfried von Cramm (previously Rubirosa) in November 1955
Janet Caravita, Princess di Sirignano (née Janet Elizabeth Snowden) in August 1933
Countess Franz Ferdinand von Colloredo-Mannsfeld (née Mabel Bayard Bradley) on 3 October 1933
Helen de Goyon, Duchess de Feltre (née Helen Seton) on 21 October 1933
Countess Antoine Sala (née Laura Bache Kayser, previously Bayer) in 1933
Nancy Wyndham-Quin, Countess of Dunraven and Mount-Earl (née Nancy Yuille) on 7 March 1934
Carroll Tennyson, Baroness Tennyson (née Carroll Elting, previously Donner) on 14 April 1934
Elizabeth de la Poer Beresford, Baroness Decies (née Elizabeth Wharton Drexel, previously Lehr) on 25 May 1936
Princess Serge Wolkonsky (née Mary Walker Fearn, previously French) on 8 July 1936
Sallie Ponsonby, Baroness Sysonby (née Sallie Whitney Sanford) on 2 October 1936
Geraldine Lindsay-Hogg, Lady Lindsay-Hogg (née Geraldine Mary Fitzgerald) on 18 November 1936
Princess Guido Pignatelli (née Henrietta Guerard Pollitzer, previously Hartford) on 25 April 1937
Wallis Windsor, Duchess of Windsor (née Bessie Wallis Warfield, previously Simpson) on 3 June 1937
Virginia Child-Villiers, Countess of Jersey (née Virginia Cherrill, previously Grant) on 30 July 1937
Rozell Empain, Baroness Empain (née Rozell Rowland) on 4 November 1937
Barbara Petty-Fitzmaurice, Marchioness of Lansdowne (née Barbara Dempsey Chase) on 18 March 1938
Princess Artchil Gourielli-Tchkonia (née Chaya Rubinstein, aka Helena Rubinstein, previously Titus) in June 1938
Lela de Talleyrand-Périgord, Duchess de Talleyrand and Duchess di Dino (née Lela Alexander Emery, previously Mackintosh) on 30 August 1938
Countess Lorenzo Paolozzi (née Alice "Alicia" Orpha Spaulding) on 30 October 1938
Princess Alexis Obolensky (née Jane Wheeler Irby) on 6 January 1939
The Hon. Mrs Cecil Howard (née Frances Dean, aka Frances Drake) on 12 February 1939
Princess Kirill Scherbatoff (née Adelaide Sedgwick, previously Munroe) on 27 April 1939
Vera Swettenham, Lady Swettenham (née Vera Seton Gordon, previously Guthrie) on 22 June 1939
Countess Oleg Cassini Loiewski (née Gene Eliza Tierney) on 1 June 1941
Princess Vladimir Eristavi-Tchitcherine (née Lucy Cotton, previously Magraw) on 15 June 1941
Josephine Molyneux, Countess of Sefton (née Josephine Armstrong, previously Gwynne) on 9 December 1941
Princess Serge Troubetzkoy (née Dorothy Livingston Ulrich) on 25 December 1941
Princess Serge Gagarin (née Frances "Patty" Wickham Moore) on 22 September 1942
Oona Chaplin, Lady Chaplin [1975] (née Oona O'Neill) on 16 June 1943
Princess Serge Belosselsky-Belozersky (née Florence Crane, previously Robinson) on 27 October 1943
Kathleen Cavendish, Marchioness of Hartington (née Kathleen Agnes "Kick" Kennedy) on 6 May 1944
Princess Johannes von Liechtenstein (née Jean Ann French) on 27 August 1945
Aimee Corsini dei Principi Corsini, Marquise di Lajatico (née Aimee Gaillard Russell) on 26 November 1945
Carolyn de Crussol, Duchess d'Uzès (née Carolyn Baily Brown) on 18 July 1946
Susan Russell, Viscountess Amberley (née Susan Doniphan Lindsay) on 28 August 1946
Princess Dominik Rainer Radziwiłł (née Lida Lacey Bloodgood) on 8 January 1947
Doña María Aline Griffith Dexter de Figueroa Perez de Guzmán el Bueno, Countess de Quintanilla and Countess de Romanones (née Aline Griffith) on 26 June 1947
Countess Rodolfo Crespi (née Consuelo Pauline O'Brien O'Connor) on 22 January 1948
Countess Bernard d'Harcourt (née Zina Rachevsky) on 4 November 1948
The Hon. Mrs Bartholomew Pleydell-Bouverie (née Katharine Bradley Tod, previously Martin) on 22 January 1949
Caroline Benn, Viscountess Stansgate (née Caroline Middleton DeCamp) on 17 June 1949
Princess Ivan Obolensky (née Claire Elizabeth McGinnis) on 10 October 1949
Princess Ferdinand von Liechtenstein (née Dorothy Haydel, previously Oelrichs) on 21 August 1950
Countess Édouard Decazes de Glücksbierg (née Caroline Triplett Taliaferro Scott) on 4 November 1950
Mildred Capell, Countess of Essex (née Zara Mildred Carlson) on 10 December 1950
Princess Alexander zu Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst (née Patricia Anne "Honeychile" Wilder, previously Cernadas) on 21 May 1951
Princess Edmond Poniatowski (née Anne "Frances" "Nancy" Darwin Goodrich) on 1 May 1952
Virginia Ogilvy, Countess of Airlie (née Virginia Fortune Ryan) on 23 October 1952
Princess Alexis Obolensky (née Katherine Taylor "Kappy" Pearce, previously Gennett) on 22 November 1952
Edith Russell, Countess Russell (née Edith Finch) on 15 December 1952
Baroness Robert Silvercruys (née Rosemary Turner, previously McMahon) on 28 September 1953
Baroness Philippe de Rothschild (née Pauline Fairfax Potter, previously Leser) on 8 April 1954
Countess Albrecht von Bismarck-Schönhausen (née Mona Travis Strader, aka Mona Bismarck, previously Williams) on 5 January 1955
The Princess of Monaco (née Grace Patricia Kelly) on 19 April 1956
Princess Alfred von Auersperg (née Martha Sharp Crawford, aka "Sunny" von Bülow) on 20 July 1957
The Hon. Mrs Anthony George Lowther (née Lavinia Joyce) on 22 July 1958
Nobile Catherine Cordero dei Marchesi di Montezemolo (née Catherine Bradley Murray) in 1958
Princess Stanisław Albrecht Radziwiłł (née Caroline Lee Bouvier, previously Canfield) on 19 March 1959
Evelyn Sassoon, Lady Sassoon (née Maude Evelyn "Barnsie" Barnes) on 1 April 1959
Princess Charles d'Arenberg (née Margaret Wright "Peggy" Bedford, previously Bancroft) on 29 December 1960, then Duchess d'Uzès on 12 July 1968
Princess Andrew Romanov (née Kathleen Norris, previously Roberts) on 21 March 1961
Countess Guy-Philippe Lannes de Montebello (née Edith Bradford Myles) on 24 June 1961
Princess Nikita Romanov (née Janet Schonwald) on 14 July 1961
Countess Friedrich Karl von Schönborn-Buchheim (née Edith Carpenter Macy) on 30 July 1961
Nancy Keith, Lady Keith (née Mary Raye Gross, aka  Nancy "Slim" Keith, previously Hayward) in 1962
Nancy Lowther, Countess of Lonsdale (née Nancy Ruth Cobbs, previously Stephenson) on 6 March 1963

 After 1965 
No hereditary peerages have been created in the UK since Baron Margadale on 1 January 1965.

Lady Charles Spencer-Churchill (née Gillian Spreckels Fuller) on 30 July 1965
Mary Harmsworth, Viscountess Rothermere (née Mary Murchison, previously Ohrstrom) on 28 March 1966
Countess Jean-François de Chambrun (née Josalee Douglas) on 3 May 1966
Amanda Borghese, Princess di Sant'Angelo e di San Polo and Duchess di Bomarzo (née Amanda Lewis, aka Amanda Leigh) in July 1966
Countess Augusto Gregorini di Savignano di Romagna (née Barbara Goldbach, aka Barbara Bach) in 1966, later Barbara Starkey, Lady Starkey on 27 April 1981
Baroness Otto von Hoffmann (née Barbara Kingsbury, aka Barbara Carrera) in 1966
Marina Berry, Viscountess Camrose (née Marina Beatrice Sulzberger) on 4 January 1967
Princess Charles of Luxembourg (née Joan Douglas Dillon, previously Moseley) on 1 March 1967, later Joan de Noailles, Duchess of Mouchy on 3 August 1978
Eliza Moore, Viscountess Moore (née Eliza Winn Lloyd) on 15 May 1968
Elizabeth Montagu, Duchess of Manchester (née Elizabeth Fullerton, previously Crocker) on 7 February 1969
Linda McCartney, Lady McCartney [1997] (née Linda Louise Eastman, previously See) on 12 March 1969
Pamela Ormsby-Gore, Baroness Harlech (née Pamela Colin) on 11 December 1969
Baroness Donald von Wiedenmann (née Ellen Naomi Cohen, aka Cass Elliot, previously Hendricks) on 12 July 1971
Countess Edmond de La Haye Jousselin (née Anne Guestier Manice) on 28 October 1972
Dorothy Weir, Viscountess Weir (née Dorothy Dear, previously Hutton) on 3 March 1973
Victoria de Rothschild, Lady de Rothschild (née Victoria Lou Schott) on 1 July 1973
Catherine de Castelbajac, Marquise de Castelbajac (née Katherine "Catherine" "Kate" Lee Chambers) on 5 April 1979
Countess Thierry de Ganay (née Frances Akin Spence) on 14 July 1981
Baroness Arnaud de Rosnay (née Jenna Severson) on 12 September 1981, later Countess Emmanuel de Buretel de Chassey on 29 August 1993
Mary Eccles, Viscountess Eccles (née Mary Morley Crapo, previously Hyde) on 26 September 1984
Frau Martin von Haselberg (née Bette Midler) on 16 December 1984
Jamie Haden-Guest, Baroness Haden-Guest (née Jamie Lee Curtis) on 18 December 1984
Monica Neumann von Héthárs, Frau von Héthárs (née Monica Ann Ford, aka Baroness Monica von Neumann) in 1985
Diane Thatcher, Lady Thatcher [1990] (née Diane Burgdorf) on 14 February 1987
Countess Carl-Eduard von Bismarck-Schönhausen (née Laura Elena Martínez Herring, aka Laura Harring) on 27 February 1987
Countess Anton-Wolfgang von Faber-Castell (née Mary Elizabeth Hogan) on 12 December 1987
Princess Andrew Romanov (née Inez Bachelin, previously Storer) on 17 December 1987
Countess Géza von Habsburg (née Elizabeth Jane Kunstadter) on 4 January 1992
Countess Alexandre de Lesseps (née LuAnn Nadeau) on 16 March 1993
Countess Patrick Houitte de La Chesnais (née Stefanie Zofya Paul, aka Stefanie Powers, previously Lockwood) on 1 April 1993
Princess Julie of Nassau (née Julia "Julie" Elizabeth Houston Ongaro) on 29 January 1994
Princess Alexander-Georg Auersperg (née Nancy Louise Weinberg) on 10 June 1995
Marie-Chantal, Crown Princess of Greece (née Marie-Chantal Claire Miller) on 1 July 1995
Princess Alexander von Fürstenberg (née Alexandra Natasha Miller) on 28 October 1995

 Fictional American heiresses 
Alexis Colby, Fallon Carrington Colby, Amanda Carrington, Krystle Carrington, and Dominique Deveraux in the TV series Dynasty
Pamela "Pam" Barnes Ewing, April Stevens Ewing, Ann Ewing, Sue Ellen Ewing, Valene Ewing, and Lucy Ewing in the TV series Dallas
Constance Weldon Carlyle in the primetime TV soap opera Flamingo Road
Angela Channing in the primetime TV soap opera Falcon Crest
Sue Ellen Mischke in the sitcom Seinfeld
Mary Beth in the TV series Desperate Housewives
Stephanie Forrester, Pamela Douglas, Felicia Forrester, Stephanie "Steffy" Forrester, Phoebe Forrester, Brooke Logan, Taylor Hayes, Darla Forrester, Caroline Spencer, and Caroline Spencer Forrester in the TV soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful
Mackenzie Browning, Gloria Abbott Bardwell, Jill Foster Abbott, Victoria Newman, Cassie Newman, Abby Newman, Summer Newman, Colleen Carlton, Faith Newman, Ashley Abbott, Katherine "Katie" Newman, and Katherine Chancellor in the TV soap opera The Young and the Restless
Victoria Lord, Meredith Lord, Tina Lord, Megan Gordon, Jessica Buchanan, Natalie Buchanan, Sarah Roberts, Starr Manning, Dorian Lord, Blair Cramer, Kelly Cramer, Adriana Cramer, Cassie Callison, and Langston Wilde in the TV soap opera One Life to Live
Claire Meade and Alexis Meade in the American dramedy series Ugly Betty
Cora Crawley, Countess of Grantham in the British period drama TV series Downton Abbey
London Tipton in the American sitcom The Suite Life of Zack & Cody
Serena van der Woodsen in the TV series Gossip Girl

 See also 
Born Rich, 2003 documentary created by Jamie Johnson
The Duke's Children, 1879 novel by Anthony Trollope
The Golden Bowl, 1904 novel by Henry James

 Footnotes 

 References 

 Sources 
Paul Theroff's Online Gotha
California Digital Newspaper Collection
D. C. O'Driscoll
The Heirs of Europe
Almanach de Gotha
Burke's Peerage
Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage
Society at Home and Abroad

 Further reading 
Depew, Chauncey M. Titled Americans: A List of American Ladies who Have Married Foreigners of Rank. New York (1890)
MacColl, Gail and Wallace, Carol McD. To Marry an English Lord: Tales of Wealth and Marriage, Sex and Snobbery in the Gilded Age. Workman Publishing Company (2012)

Mike Petersen (basketball)
Mike Petersen (born April 18, 1958) is a former head coach for the Atlanta Dream in 2021. Before joining the Women's National Basketball Association, Petersen coached five women's college basketball teams between the 1980s to 2010s. While Petersen coached the Wake Forest Demon Deacons women's basketball team for eight years, his players competed in the 2005 Women's National Invitation Tournament and reached the third round. Additional teams he coached were for Gonzaga, New Mexico State, TCU and North Texas. Overall, Petersen had 341 wins and 311 losses in the NCAA.
In men's college basketball, Petersen was an assistant coach for Northwest Christian College, Oregon and Minnesota. During the late 2010s, he was part of the National Basketball Association as a scout for the New Orleans Pelicans. Petersen moved to the WNBA in 2017 when he became an assistant coach for the Atlanta Dream. After being selected as interim head coach in May 2021 for the Dream, Petersen ended his position in July 2021 due to his personal health. Following his 6 wins and 13 losses, Petersen stayed with the Dream as an advisor.

 Early life and education 
Petersen was born in Eureka, California on April 18, 1958. While attending high school, Petersen was on the baseball and basketball teams. From 1976 to 1980, Petersen played basketball for two years at College of the Redwoods before playing an additional two years at Northwest Christian College.At Redwoods, Petersen was the team's captain for a season before he left for Northwest Christian. During his playing career at Northwest Christian, Petersen held the points per game season record in 1980 and was named the Most Valuable Player for the college that year. Petersen remained at Northwest Christian until he completed his biblical studies program in 1983.

 Career 

 1980s to mid 2000s 
While at Northwest Christian, Petersen was an assistant coach for their men's basketball team from 1980 to 1983. He continued his assistant coach experience with the
Oregon Ducks women's basketball for two years. As the head coach of the Gonzaga Bulldogs women's basketball between 1985 and 1989, Petersen's team first played in the NAIA. Following their move to the NCAA Division I in 1987, Petersen and Gonzaga was first in the 1988 West Coast Athletic Conference.Upon ending his tenure with Gonzaga in 1989, Petersen had 65 wins and 48 losses. After Petersen left Gonzaga in order to become an assistant coach for the men's basketball team at Butler University, he was chosen as an assistant coach with Oregon in June 1989. From 1989 to 1992, Petersen was an assistant coach on the Oregon Ducks men's basketball team. A month after joining the New Mexico State Roadrunners women's basketball team as an assistant coach, Petersen became their head coach in September 1992.While with New Mexico State until 1996, the school reached the semifinals at the Big West Conference women's basketball tournament four times. Petersen and his team finished in sixth at the 1994 National Women's Invitational Tournament. As a Women's National Invitation Tournament competitor, Petersen and New Mexico State reached the first round of the 1995 preseason event. Petersen had 81 wins and 38 losses with New Mexico State.In 1996, Petersen joined the TCU Lady Frogs women's basketball team as their head coach. As a WAC women's basketball tournament competitor, TCU were quarter-finalists in 1999. Petersen had 42 wins and 41 losses as their head coach. That year, Petersen joined the Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team as an assistant coach. After becoming an associate head coach for the team in 2000, Petersen remained with Minnesota until 2004.

 Mid 2000s to 2020s 
In 2004, Petersen became head coach of the Wake Forest Demon Deacons women's basketball team. At the 2005 Women's National Invitation Tournament, Wake Forest reached the third round. They were also semifinalists at the 2012 ACC women's basketball tournament. Petersen had 125 wins and 123 losses after ending his position that year.In April 2012, Petersen replaced Karen Aston as the head coach of the North Texas Mean Green women's basketball team. At the 2013 Sun Belt Conference women's basketball tournament, the school played one game. That year, North Texas joined the Conference USA. The team played one game at the 2014 Conference USA women's basketball tournament. Petersen had 28 wins and 61 losses with North Texas when his position ended in 2015.During the late 2010s, Petersen was a National Basketball Association scout as part of the New Orleans Pelicans before joining the Atlanta Dream in 2017. With the Women's National Basketball Association team, Petersen started out as an assistant coach before he was named the Dream's interim head coach in May 2021. During the 2021 WNBA season, Petersen had 6 wins and 13 losses before ending his coaching position in July 2021 due to his personal health. After being replaced by Darius Taylor, it was announced that Petersen would remain with the Dream as an advisor.

 Head coaching record 

 WNBA 

 College 

 Honors and personal life 
Petersen became part of a hall of fame for Northwest Christian College in 2007. He is married and has two children.

 References 

Liu Yuning
Liu Yuning (simplified Chinese: 刘宇宁; traditional Chinese: 劉宇寧; pinyin: Liú Yǔníng; born 8 January 1990) is a Chinese singer, actor, and the lead singer of Modern Brothers. In 2018, Liu rose to stardom by his covers on platforms YY's Live Streaming and Douyin, and released his debut single "Imagination" on September 15, 2018. He released his debut studio album Ten in 2019, and held his first concert tour Growing Storm in 2020. Forbes China listed Liu on their 30 Under 30 Asia list in 2019. His debut album won the "Media Recommended Album" award at the 2020 Chinese Top Ten Music Awards, and his second extended play Listen•Ning (2020–21) won the "Most Popular EP" award in 2021 Chinese Top Ten Music Awards. Besides singing, he also gained recognition as an actor through his roles in television series.

 Early life 
Liu Yuning was born in Dandong, Liaoning Province. His father passed away when he was 4 years old. He's been living separately from his mother since childhood and grew up under his grandparents' care. From a young age, Liu developed a passion for music, but his family's financial situation prevented him from pursuing formal music education or lessons. Despite facing these constraints, his love for music persisted.
Liu graduated from Dandong Vocational-Technical Secondary School where he received professional training as a chef. He admitted he doesn't like to cook but chose to learn the skill so he could make a living early on and support his grandparents. His career as a chef came to an end due to a sudden pneumothorax. After recovering, Liu worked as a waiter at restaurants until he got promoted to manager. He also worked as a server at bath houses and sales associate at fashion stores. Unwilling to abandon his initial dream of pursuing music, Liu used his first month's salary as a chef to buy a guitar. He began his musical journey as a singer at local bars. Subsequently, he formed the rock band Modern Brothers with his best friends.

 Career 

 Pre-2018 
In 2010, Liu took part in Hunan Television's Super Boy, but was eliminated in the audition stage and failed to advance.In 2013, he went back to take part in the same competition but got eliminated again in the second round of auditions.
In 2014, Liu formed Modern Brothers band with A Zhuo and Da Fei, and joined the YY's live streaming platform in March 2015 where they covered dozens of songs.
In 2016, he starred in the web film Class 952 produced by YY.
In 2017 he moved his band's live streaming stage from indoors to outdoors, to a historical street market in his hometown, Dandong.

 2018 
Liu Yuning and the Modern Brothers band had a phenomenal rise to stardom after 3 years of live streaming (singing) on the YY platform. It was after his post of short singing videos on Douyin in June 2018 which resulted to Liu gaining more fans for his unique guttural singing voice. Liu and his band were invited to various television shows to perform. In July and August 2018, Liu was invited to a number of television shows includes Hunan Television's Day Day Up and CCTV3's Setting Out for Happiness, but his first professional music stage performance was Jiangsu Television's Finding Gold Song.On August 17, Liu and Modern Brothers held their first offline singing club event at the exhibition center of Guangzhou Central Station.Liu landed his first drama acting role in the TV Series Hot-Blooded Youth starring Huang Zitao and Zhang Xueying which was filmed from early September and aired in the later part of 2019.
On September 15, Liu officially debuted as a solo singer with the release of his first solo single "Imagination."
On October 19, he attended Zhejiang Television's Autumn Gala with his Modern Brothers band. In November, he participated in Jiangsu Television's Mask Singer. On Dec 31, he attended Jiangsu Television's 2019 New Year Concert.
Liu Yuning also sang OSTs for various films and TV series that year. Among them, the popular ones are "Toast the wine" (让酒) for Tomb of the sea (沙海) and the theme song for Jia Zhangke's film Ash Is Purest White.

 2019–present 
In January 2019, Liu Yuning was voted the "National recommended singer" to be a contestant as the challenger singer in Hunan Television's singing competition Singer 2019.
On March 25, 2019, Liu won the Best New Artist and the Internet Influence Honor awards at the Chinese Top Ten Music Awards. His "Toast the Wine" was also awarded the Media Recommended OST. In March 2019, Liu participated as regular member in Hunan TV's variety show Our Brilliant Masters.
In October 2019, Liu participated as a regular member in Shanghai TV's music show Our Song 2019. As one of the eight young singers, he teamed up with older generation singer Richie Jen.Liu and Modern Brothers also held their first concert tour in 5 cities from August to November 2019 (the last stop, planned to be held on February 14, 2020, in Wuhan, was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic).In December 2019, Liu released his first solo studio album "Ten" (十).In July 2020, Liu brought his new single "Talking about Love" (你说爱情啊) to the stage of Chinese Top Ten Music Awards, he also won the All-rounded Artist of the Year award, the People's Choice Singer Award, and the Media Recommended Album for his first studio album "Ten" (十).In early 2021, Liu and Modern Brothers' 5 years contract with YY ended. They chose to leave the company, and Liu created his own artist studio with a few staffs to manage his solo works. Liu also released more than 30 OSTs for various TV series, movies, documentaries, and video games, including "Heavenly Questions" (天问) for the popular TV series Word of Honor, which won 3 consecutive top hits in Uni Music chart. In March 21, "Magical Surprise" (奇妙的惊喜), the new theme song Liu sang for the 5th anniversary of Shanghai Disneyland was released. Liu is the first Chinese pop singer to sing a Chinese theme song for Disney. Liu also sang the character song for Wei Wuxian in the Anime series Mo Dao Zu Shi.
In October 2021, Liu returned as a regular member in Shanghai TV's music show Our Song 2021. He teamed up with Penny Tai.In November 2021, Liu again won the All-rounded Artist of the Year award, the Internet Influential Male Singer award, and the Most Popular EP award for his second EP "Listen∙Ning" at the Chinese Top Ten Music Awards.
In summer of 2022, the theme song "Looking for you" for popular TV series "Love Between Fairy and Devil" won him 4 consecutive champions in TenCent Music Billboard.
Besides his music career, he gains growing recognition for acting through dramas. His popular roles include "Hei Yanjing" in TV series "Ultimate Note", Hao Du in TV series "the Long Ballad", and Bai Choufei in drama "Heroes". 
Even though he has debuted as a singer and actor, Liu still does regular livestream on his Weibo page that can lasts 2 ~ 5 hours. He mentioned that livestream is a bridge for him to sing and communicate with his fans. He mostly does live performances without his band members too as they're now focusing on family business, but the group hasn't disbanded and they're still close to each other, hence his self-introduction will always be "Modern Brother's Liu Yuning."

 Personal life 
On March 27, 2023, paparazzi and blogger YangYang broke the news that Liu had been married in April 2012, got divorced in December 2013, and has a daughter. Within two hours, Liu, who was still in hair and costume for drama filming, opened a live broadcast and stated, "I, Liu Yuning, was married once; of course I am now divorced, and I have no children." He explained that he hasn't been in contact with his ex-wife and expressed extreme remorse for disrupting her life. Liu also scolded the paparazzi for exposing the pictures of his ex-wife and her little child, who is not related to him, to the public eye, calling the act inhumane. He said his past marriage isn't something hidden because there's no secrecy in the entertainment industry. However, he didn't believe it was necessary to bring it up to the public since it happened long before his debut. With his current status as a celebrity, he thought disclosing this information wouldn't bring any good to his ex-wife. He announced his intention to take legal action to restore justice for her.

 Discography 

 Studio Album 

 Extended play 

 Solo Single 

 Collaboration Single 

 Single 

 Cover Rendition 

 Original Soundtrack (OSTs) 

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television series 

 Animation 

 Variety Show 

 Concert tours 

 2019 Modern Brothers Concert Tour "Growing Storm" 
Originally scheduled for 7 shows, on January 22, 2020, Liu Yuning announced on his personal Weibo that the concert in Wuhan will be postponed due to severe COVID-19 epidemic and to ensure everyone's health and safety. The rescheduled performance time will be notified separately. Tickets sold remains valid after postponement and rescheduling. 

 Awards and nominations 

 Music 

 Film and television 

 Miscellaneous 

 Endorsements and Ambassadorships 

 References 

 External links 
Liu Yuning on Weibo (in Chinese)

Pornchai Mongkhonvanit
Pornchai Mongkhonvanit (Thai: พรชัย มงคลวนิช) is the president of Siam University and the President Emeritus of the International Association of University Presidents. Concurrently, he is also the chair person of the advisory board of the Association of Universities in Asia and the Pacific, as well as a member of the administrative board of the International Association of Universities. He is also a former president of the Association of Private Higher Education Institutions of Thailand and former president of the Thailand chapter of Phi Delta Kappa honors society. 

 Education 
He holds a Master of Business Administration in finance, investment, and banking from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, a Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering from Kasetsart University. He received a degree from National Defense College, and has studied at the graduate school of education, Institute of Educational Management, Harvard University.

 Awards 
He is the recipient of numerous honors including: The Medals of Honors of the International Association of University Presidents, The Medal of Honors from Kyung Hee University and Soka University. He was the recipient of Doctor of Educational Management, honoris causa from Angeles University Foundation and Doctor of Management, honoris causa from Philippine Women's University. In 2011, the University of the Cordilleras conferred him honorary degree of Doctor of Humanities. He received distinguished alumni award from Kasetsart University and Saint Gabriel's College as well as being listed as a notable alumnus in the field of Education from University of Wisconsin–Madison. He is an honorary professor at the Autonomous University of Guadalajara and Guizhou University. 

 Personal life 
Pornchai is married to Chollada Jungprasert, a scholar in the field of Hotel Studies and Tourism. They have three children.

 References 

Daniel Wilson (bishop)
Daniel Wilson (2 July 1778 – 2 January 1858) was an English Bishop of Calcutta.

 Early life 
Born in Spitalfields, London, he was the son of the silk manufacturer Stephen Wilson and his wife Ann Collett West. He was apprenticed to his uncle William Wilson in 1791.Wilson was persuaded by John Eyre and John Newton to become a minister. They were associates of his maternal grandfather Daniel West, as were Thomas Wilson his first cousin and his father Thomas, Samuel Brewer, Thomas Haweis, and George Whitefield. He matriculated at St Edmund Hall, Oxford in 1798, and graduated B.A. in 1802, M.A. in 1804. He was ordained in 1801 and became curate to Richard Cecil at Chobham and Bisley.

 Evangelical priest 
Wilson developed into a strong preacher, associated with the Clapham Sect of evangelical Anglicans. He was tutor or vice-principal of St Edmund Hall, and minister of Worton, Oxfordshire, 1807 to 1812; assistant curate at St John's Chapel, Bedford Row, Bloomsbury, 1808 to 1812 (where Richard Cecil had earlier been incumbent); sole minister there, 1812 to 1824; and vicar of St Mary's Church, Islington, 1824 to 1832.
Wilson founded the Islington Clerical Conference in 1827 in his library. In 1831, Wilson was one of the founders of the Lord's Day Observance Society.

 In India 
In 1832 Wilson was awarded a D.D. by diploma by the University of Oxford. That year he was consecrated Bishop of Calcutta and first Metropolitan of India and Ceylon. He founded an English church at Rangoon, Ceylon, in 1855 and St Paul's Cathedral, Calcutta (consecrated 1847). He was an indefatigable worker and as bishop was noted for fidelity and firmness. He also founded Dhaka College on 18 July 1841. It was completed in 1846 with the aid of the Bishop of Calcutta.
In 1835, Wilson was noted for calling India's caste system "a cancer".
Wilson died in Calcutta in 1858 and is buried in St. Paul's Cathedral, Kolkata.

 Works 
Numerous sermons published separately and in collections
The Evidences of Christianity, . . . a Course of Lectures (2 vols., London, 1828–1830)
Bishop Wilson's Journal Letters, addressed to his Family the first Nine Years of his Indian Episcopacy (1863; edited by his son Daniel Wilson, Vicar of Islington)
The Divine Authority and Perpetual Obligation of the Lord's Day, asserted in seven sermons (London, 1831) (in print, from Day One)

 Family 
In 1803 Wilson married Ann Wilson (died 1827), daughter of William Wilson, a cousin. Of their six children, three died young.When Wilson left for India, his son Daniel Frederick Wilson, then aged 27, took over as Vicar of Islington and served there for over 40 years. Another son became a missionary to indigenous Canadians in the Diocese of Algoma in the Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario. His daughter was fostered by Anne Woodrooffe.

 References 

 Further reading 
The Life of The Right Rev. Daniel Wilson, D.D., Late Lord Bishop of Calcutta and Metropolitan of India  by Josiah Bateman, 2 vols, London, 1860 volume 1 volume 2
History of the Church Missionary Society by Eugene Stock, London, 1899.
MacAulay, in Life and Letters of Lord Macaulay appears to suggest that there was a life written by Wilson's successor at Bedford Row, Baptist Wriothesley Noel (see [1] Archived 13 March 2005 at the Wayback Machine), but this seems not to be listed at [2].

 External links 
Bishop Wilson and the Origins of Dalit Liberation
St Paul's Cathedral, Calcutta
Rev E F Wilson (grandson) family history page
British History Online A History of the County of Middlesex: Volume 8: Islington and Stoke Newington parishes page on Churches
St Mary's, Islington, official history pageAttribution

Initial text of article from The New Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia of Religious Knowledge, edited for style, and with additions [3]

Dalton School
The Dalton School, originally the Children's University School, is a private, coeducational college preparatory school in New York City and a member of both the Ivy Preparatory School League and the New York Interschool. The school is located in four buildings within the Upper East Side of Manhattan. In the 2023-24 academic year, tuition rates totaled $61,120.

 History 
The Dalton School, originally called the Children's University School, was founded by Helen Parkhurst in 1919. Parkhurst's "Dalton Plan", to which the school still adheres, reflected the progressive education movement that had begun in the late 19th century.After experimentation in her own one-room school with Maria Montessori, Helen Parkhurst visited other progressive schools in Europe including Bedales School and its founder and headmaster John Haden Badley in England. She developed what she termed the Dalton Plan, which called for teachers and students to work together toward individualized goals. The Laboratory Plan was first put into effect as an experiment in the high school of Dalton, Massachusetts, in 1916. The estate of her benefactor Josephine Porter Boardman, was also near the town of Dalton and from this beginning the Laboratory Plan and school eventually took their names.: 15f In 1919, Helen Parkhurst relocated to New York City, where she opened her first school on West 74th Street. Larger facilities soon became necessary; the Lower School was moved to West 72nd Street, and the High School opened in the autumn of 1929 in the current building at 108 East 89th Street. Eleanor Roosevelt admired the work of Helen Parkhurst and played an important role in expanding the population and resources of the school by promoting a merger between the Todhunter School for girls (founded by Winifred Todhunter) and Dalton in 1939.Enlarged and modified through the years, Dalton still celebrates many traditions like lighting candles before winter break and holding a Greek Festival. Academically, the school still subscribes to the Dalton Plan, which Parkhurst helped to create. Over the years, the Dalton Plan has been adopted by schools around the world, including schools in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Chile, the Czech Republic, Hong Kong, Japan, and the Netherlands.

 Admission 
Admission to Dalton was according to the following criteria. For kindergarten to third grade, admission is based on school records, ERB testing, and interview. For grades 4–12, admission is based on school records, writing samples, an interview, and standardized testing (e.g., the Independent School Entrance Examination and the Secondary School Admission Test). Candidates receive notification of acceptance, rejection, or wait list in February. As of early 2013, the overall acceptance rate for grades K–12 at Dalton was reported by Peterson's to be 14%.Parental anxiety created by the highly competitive admission process was the subject of press coverage from 1999 to 2001.Long seen as a bastion of privilege, Dalton's efforts to broaden its mandate for diversity have met with some difficulty. In 2010, a financial aid budget of $6.5 million supported an outreach program for socio-economic diversity at the school. As of 2008 students of color made up 38% of the Dalton First Program. In the 2008–2009 school year, the kindergarten was composed of 44% children of color. Articles in The New York Times and The Atlantic have described difficulties experienced by some African-American children at the school.American Promise was a PBS documentary that followed two African American students who enrolled at Dalton as kindergartners and the challenges they faced due to Dalton's lack of diversity. In 2020, Dalton found itself in controversy during the broader diversity, equity, and inclusion movement that followed the murder of George Floyd. The discussions continued into the following school year and resulted in the departure of school head Jim Best.

 Notable people 
AlumniRonnie Abrams, US judge
Dan Barber, chef
Tony Blinken, current U.S. Secretary of State
Montgomery Clift, actor
Anderson Cooper, journalist
Rachel Covey, actress
Claire Danes, actress
Blu DeTiger, musician
Edward Downes, musicologist and radio quizmaster
Naomi Ekperigin, writer and comedian
Edgar de Evia, photographer
Samuel R. Delany, writer
Maxim Dlugy, chess grandmaster
Shaun Donovan, former U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and Director of the Office of Management and Budget
Noah Emmerich, actor
Mark Feuerstein, actor
Frances FitzGerald, journalist
Barrett Foa, actor
Helen Frankenthaler, painter
Laura Geller, rabbi
Alexis Glick, television personality
Sam Gold, theater artist
Carol Grace, actress
Jennifer Grey, actress
Jefferson Y. Han, research scientist
Hannah Higgins, writer
Marni Hodgkin, editor
A. J. Jacobs, journalist
Jason Jorjani, writer
Max Joseph, filmmaker
Brooks Kerr, jazz pianist
Rachel Kovner, United States federal judge
Dylan Lauren, businesswoman
Steve Lemme, actor
Joshua Katz, classicist
Sean Lennon, musician
Andrew Levitas, painter and sculptor
J. Kenji López-Alt, chef and food writer
Jenny Lumet, actress and #MeToo activist
Mary Stuart Masterson, actress
Helly Nahmad, art dealer
Jennifer O'Neill, actress
Morgan Pehme, filmmaker, journalist
Tracy Pollan, actress
Dara Resnik, screenwriter and producer
Simon Rich, writer
James B. Rosenwald III, entrepreneur
Matthew Ross, film director, screenwriter, journalist
Marco Roth, editor and founder of N+1 magazine
Melissa Russo, journalist
Eric Schlosser, journalist
Wallace Shawn, actor, playwright
Marian Seldes, actress
Fazal Sheikh, photographer
Christian Slater, actor
Jill Stuart, fashion designer
Emma Sulkowicz, performance artist
Veronica Vasicka, record label founder and DJ
Josh Waitzkin, chess player
Dean Wareham, musician
Julie Warner, actress
Bokeem Woodbine, actor
David Yassky, Director, New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission.
Matt Yglesias, writer
Andrew Zimmern, chef
Vanessa Grigoriadis, journalist
Marina Squerciati, actressHead of SchoolJosé Manuel De Jesús became Head of School in 2022. Former Head of School Jim Best resigned in 2021 after 16 years at the school.

FacultyDonald Barr, headmaster c. 1964–74
Joe Frank, taught literature and philosophy 1965–1975; radio performer, writer.
Rhys Caparn, art instructor 1946–1972
Jeffrey Epstein, taught 1974–76. Financier; convicted sexual predator
Yves Volel, taught c. 1968–85. Lawyer, activist, assassinated while running for Haitian presidency

 See also 
History of education in New York City

 References 

 Further reading 
Semel, Susan F. "Dalton Plan" in Historical Dictionary of Women’s Education in the United States, ed. by Linda Eisenmann (1998) pp 111–113.
Semel, Susan F. The Dalton School: The Transformation of a Progressive School (1992).

 External links 
Official website

Jessica (given name)
Jessica (originally Iessica, also Jesica, Jesika, Jessicah, Jessika, or Jessikah) is a female given name.
The oldest written record of the name with its current spelling is found as the name of the Shakespearean character Jessica, from the play The Merchant of Venice. The name may have been an Anglicisation of the biblical Iscah (from Hebrew: יִסְכָּה, romanized: yiskā́), the name of a daughter of Haran briefly mentioned in the Book of Genesis 11:29. Iscah was rendered "Iesca" (Jeska) in the Matthew Bible version available in Shakespeare's day."Jessica" was the first- or second-most popular female baby name in the United States from 1981 to 1998 before falling out of the Top 20 in 2004. It also rose to No. 1 in England and Wales in 2005, dropping to No. 3 in 2006. Common nicknames of the name Jessica include "Jess", "Jessi" and "Jessie".

 People with the given name 

 People with the middle name 
Chika Jessica (born 1988), Indonesian actress
Sarah Jessica Parker (born 1965), American actress, model, singer and producer

 Fictional characters 

 See also 
All pages with titles beginning with Jessica
Jessie (disambiguation)
Jess (disambiguation)
Baby Jessica case
Jessica's Law
Jessica (instrumental)

 References 

2022 Superettan
The 2022 Superettan was part of the 2022 Swedish football season, and the 23rd season of Superettan, Sweden's second-tier football division in its current format. A total of 16 teams contested the league.

 Teams 
A total of 16 teams contest the league. The top three teams qualify directly for promotion to Allsvenskan, the fourth will enter a play-off for the chance of promotion. The three bottom teams are automatically relegated, while the 13th place team will compete in a play-off to determine whether they are relegated.

 New teams 
Promoted from the 2021 Ettan
IF Brommapojkarna – Winner Ettan Norra
Utsiktens BK – Winner Ettan Södra
Dalkurd FF – Runner-up Ettan Norra — Promoted by winning play-off over GAIS
Skövde AIK – Runner-up Ettan Södra — Promoted by winning play-off over Akropolis IFRelegated from the 2021 Allsvenskan
Östersunds FK
Örebro SK
Halmstads BK — Relegated by losing play-off to Helsingborgs IF

 Stadiums and locations 

 League table 

 Relegation play-offs 
The 13th-placed and 14th-placed teams of Superettan met the two runners-up from 2022 Ettan (Norra and Södra) in two-legged ties on a home-and-away basis with the teams from Superettan finishing at home.

Örgryte IS won 4–3 on aggregate.

Östersunds FK won 3–1 on aggregate.

 Positions by round 

 Placement Progression 

 Results by round 

 Results 

 Season statistics 

 Hat-tricks 
Notes4 Player scored 4 goals(H) – Home team(A) – Away team

 Discipline 

 Player 
Most yellow cards: 12 
Karl Bohm (Utsikten)Most red cards: 1

Daniel Ask (Västerås SK)
Niclas Bergmark (Örebro)
Jesper Brandt (Utsikten)
Abdelkarim Mammar Chaouche (Eskilstuna)
Sebastian Crona (Jönköping)
Fabio Dixon (Dalkurd)
Erik Hedenquist (Landskrona)
Koen Kostons (Dalkurd)
Vladislav Kreida (Skövde)
Jake Larsson (Örebro)
Sigitas Olberkis (Dalkurd)
Ivo Pękalski (Norrby)
Nsima Peter (Utsikten)
Jonathan Quintero (Utsikten)
York Rafael (Eskilstuna)
Pontus Rödin (Brage)

 Club 
Most yellow cards: 36
ÖstersundMost red cards: 3
Dalkurd
Utsikten

 References 

 External links 
Swedish Football Association – Superettan

Copied content from 2021 Superettan; see that page's history for attribution

Evening Shade
Evening Shade is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from September 21, 1990, to May 23, 1994. The series stars Burt Reynolds as Woodrow "Wood" Newton, an ex-professional football player for the Pittsburgh Steelers, who returns to rural Evening Shade, Arkansas, to coach a high-school football team with a long losing streak. Reynolds personally requested to use the Steelers as his character's former team because he was a fan.The general theme of the show is the appeal of small-town life. Episodes often ended with a closing narration by Ossie Davis, as his character Ponder Blue, summing up the events of the episode, always closing with "... in a place called Evening Shade." The opening segment included clips from around Arkansas, including the famous McClard's Bar-B-Q, which is situated on Albert Pike Boulevard and South Patterson Street in Hot Springs National Park.

 Summary 
A former pro football player for the Pittsburgh Steelers who quit due to injury, Wood Newton has settled down to a quiet life in Arkansas as the coach of the Evening Shade High School football team, which is notorious for its long losing streak.
Wood and his wife Ava, whom he married when she was only 18 (a frequently voiced grievance made by her father Evan Evans, owner of the local newspaper) are devoted to each other despite their age difference. Ava is an ambitious, successful practicing lawyer who in the first season is elected District Attorney while pregnant with their fourth (unintended) child, Emily, who is born in the first season finale. Among Wood and Ava's closest friends are the somewhat-older town doctor Harlan Eldridge and his trusting wife Merleen, who always believes the best of people.
The show's plots focus on the various difficulties that Wood faces in living a very different life than he ever expected, as well as the obvious family pressures of two jobs and four children. Additional tensions come from Ava's aunt Frieda, Evan's perennially discontented sister, who especially disapproves when Evan begins dating town stripper Fontana Beausoleil, who discovers in season two that she is the long-lost daughter Merleen gave up for adoption when she was 15. Evan and Fontana get married in a three-part episode in season two and have a child in season three.
The show also gets mileage out of the incongruity of the decidedly unathletic, but well-meaning assistant coach Herman Stiles, the best the school's budget can afford. During the first season, he catches the eye of Evening Shade High's prim and proper principal, Margaret Fouch, and they start dating.
On July 12 and 19, 1993, CBS aired two parts of an hour-long pilot, Harlan & Merleen, as a proposed spin-off of the series. The pilot had the Eldridges open their home to young pregnant women who needed help (one of whom was played by Leah Remini). The pilot did not achieve series status.

 Characters 

 Main 
Woodrow "Wood" Newton (Burt Reynolds)
Ava Evans Newton (Marilu Henner)
Evan Evans (Hal Holbrook)
Ponder Blue (Ossie Davis)
Dr. Harlan Eldridge (Charles Durning)
Herman Stiles (Michael Jeter)
Taylor Newton (Jay R. Ferguson)
Molly Newton (Melissa Renée Martin, season 1), (Candace Hutson, seasons 2-4)
Will Newton (Jacob Parker)
Nub Oliver (Charlie Dell)
Frieda Evans (Elizabeth Ashley)
Merleen Eldridge (Ann Wedgeworth)
Fontana Beausoleil (Linda Gehringer)
Margaret Fouch (Ann Hearn)

 Recurring 
Dorothy (Jane Abbott)
Virgil (Burton Gilliam)
Andrew Phillpot (David A. R. White), Taylor's best friend
Neal "Thor" Heck (Pepper Sweeney, 1991–93)
Aimee Thompson (Hilary Swank, 1991–92), (Ari Meyers, 1992–93), Taylor's girlfriend
Irma Wallingsford (Alice Ghostley, 1992–94)
Daisy (Leah Remini, 1993), Taylor's girlfriend after his break-up with Aimee, a New York transplant
Wanda (Wanda Jones, 1993–94), waitress at Blue's Bar-B-Que Villa
Emily Newton (Alexa PenaVega, 1993–94), Ava and Wood's youngest child, who appears as a 5-year-old in the final season

 Episode list 

 Production 
The show's production company, Mozark Productions, was a joint venture by creator Linda Bloodworth-Thomason of Missouri and her husband, Arkansas native, Harry Thomason, which concurrently produced another successful show set in the South, Designing Women. Hal Holbrook's Designing Women character was killed off to free the actor to star in the newer program. The series was produced in association with CBS Productions, Burt Reynolds Productions, and MTM Enterprises. CBS retained full ownership of the series while MTM syndicated the series in the United States.

 Release 

 Home media 
On July 15, 2008, CBS DVD/Paramount Home Entertainment released the first season on DVD, albeit with redone music and editing.On April 12, 2019, Visual Entertainment released the complete series on DVD in Region 1 for the first time.

 Reception 
The series enjoyed strong ratings during its entire run, hitting its peak in season two with a number 15 Nielsen ranking. At the time, this was a notably higher position than The Cosby Show, which had recently fallen from a five-year streak as TV's number-one program. Evening Shade was still a top-30 performer, after CBS cancelled the series in May 1994. Skyrocketing production costs, mainly attributed to the large salaries of the show's top-caliber, all-star cast, were the primary reason given for the cancellation (which was confirmed by Marilu Henner in her September 1994 appearance on Charlie Rose). However, some have speculated that the show's ending was a decision made by Reynolds, rather than CBS, as his recent marriage troubles with Loni Anderson (from whom he was divorced in 1993) were thought to have affected his work.
After its cancellation, reruns of Evening Shade were picked up by The Family Channel, which were also edited considerably from their original broadcast versions.

 Nielsen ratings 

 References 

 External links 
Evening Shade at IMDb

List of The Lego Movie (franchise) characters
This is a list of characters from The Lego Movie franchise produced by Warner Animation Group and The Lego Group, which consists of the animated films (and LEGO sets from that film), 4D film and TV series: The Lego Movie (2014), The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure (2016), and The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part (2019) as well as its spin-offs The Lego Batman Movie (2017), The Lego Ninjago Movie (2017), and Unikitty! (2017–2020), and the video games.

 Introduced in The Lego Movie and The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part 

 Emmet Brickowski 

Emmet Brickowski is the main protagonist of The Lego Movie. He is a construction worker chosen to find the Piece of Resistance to save the Lego worlds as "The Special" and stop the evil Lord Business. He wears an orange construction vest with blue sleeves. 
In the second film he appears exactly the same except his outfit (mainly the printing) is all ripped out, he maintains his livelihood and is unaffected by the aftermath of the Duplo invasion unlike everyone else in Bricksburg (now called "Apocalypseburg"). After Lucy and his friends were captured by General Mayhem for a ceremony, Emmet uses his Master Builder skills to build his house into a spaceship in order to save them, along his travels he meets a space adventurer name Rex Dangervest, a so called "Master Breaker" who helps him rescue his friends and teaching him how to be tough like him. Upon destroying the ceremony, it is revealed that Rex is actually Emmet from a alternate timeline who became bitter for being abandoned and went back in time to convert Emmet into himself and cause "Armamageddon". He then sends Emmet under a dryer to complete his transformation but resisted, with the help of Lucy and the rest of Apocalypseburg and Systar System working together, Rex is erased from existence and Emmet and Lucy reunite to create their new home of "Syspocalypstar".

 Wyldstyle 
Lucy / Wyldstyle (voiced by Elizabeth Banks) is a female Master Builder who rescues Emmet from the Melting Chamber, she wears a black jacket with pink and blue paint lines. She previously was Batman's girlfriend, however after Emmet saves the world, she leaves Batman and becomes Emmet's new girlfriend.
In the second film, Lucy inadvertently provokes the transition from Bricksburg to Apocalypseburg. In the five years that had passed, she has lost all hope things can still be awesome after Taco Tuesday. However, a cheery Emmet always buys her and himself two overpriced coffees every morning and meets up with her. Then, he shows her around a dream house he built. However, she wants Emmet to be tough like everyone else. Sweet Mayhem arrives and abducts her along with Batman, Benny, MetalBeard, and Unikitty. They are taken to the Systar System ruled by Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi. Lucy resists while the others are tempted into staying. She escapes and meets up with Emmet and rugged adventurer Rex Dangervest. They crash a wedding between Wa'Nabi and Batman. Mayhem reveals that Benny, MetalBeard, Batman and Unikitty were not brainwashed and the Systar System was not evil- and it becomes clear Rex is the real bad guy. Rex manipulates Emmet into thinking Lucy is brainwashed while she tries to open her heart to him by exposing her true self and regretting for asking Emmet to change. He causes Armamageddon (they end up in a storage container while Emmet is abducted by Rex). Eventually, everyone escapes and Lucy saves Emmet from his fate on Undar in the Dryar System. Since Rex is a future Emmet who got stuck on Undar for years, and Lucy saves him, Rex ceases to exist. She reconstructs the dream house and reveals to Emmet she wasn't always dark and brooding. She was once a girly-girl with colorful hair and had exactly the same personality as Emmet. In addition, she was an artist behind Emmet's favorite song "Everything Is Awesome", much to Emmet's surprise.In Lego Dimensions, Wyldstyle teams up with the "real" Lego Batman and Gandalf to save the other dimensions from Lord Vortech.

 Lord Business 
President Business / Lord Business (voiced by Will Ferrell in The Lego Movie and The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Keith Ferguson in The Lego Movie Videogame, Nolan North in Lego Dimensions) is the main antagonist of The Lego Movie. He is the president of the Octan Corporation and the Lego World. When President Business is not doing his job as a president, he is a despicable villain named Lord Business who wants to freeze the Lego World with Kragle, because he finds the Master Builders' creations combined with his too confusing. In his Lord Business form, President Business wears a fire-spurting helmet, a long cape (which looks like a business tie from behind), and extending leg attachments that light up in the middle. With some persuasion from Emmet, Lord Business caps the Kragle and makes amends by spreading the antidote for Kragle. Lord Business was also present when aliens from the planet Duplo show up to destroy everyone.
Lord Business appears as a boss in Lego Dimensions in the second level “Meltdown at Sector 7-G”, and is one of the many villains hired by the main antagonist Lord Vortech. After Batman, Wyldstyle and Gandalf leave The Wizard of Oz’s world, they're sucked into Springfield from The Simpsons. When they make it there however, Lord Business's Micro Managers and Robo SWAT are attacking the city while Lord Business tries getting to the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant to obtain the relic of the Inanimate Carbon Rod, which in the Lego multiverse is one of the 15 Foundation Elements, while his Micro Managers kidnap Homer Simpson. He is defeated by the heroes, but gets away with the Inanimate Carbon Rod.
Lord Business has a minor role in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part. After the Duplo Invasion, Business flees Bricksburg to play golf and isn't seen again until the end of the film where his hair is accidentally set alight by Benny and he falls into a firework store.In The Lego Movie 2 Videogame, Business initially returns to his former reputation to take over Bricksburg, but changes his heart again when his robots program themselves to go against him.

 Batman 
Bruce Wayne / Batman (voiced by Will Arnett in The Lego Movie, The Lego Batman Movie, The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Lego Dimensions, Unikitty!, and Jim Meskimen in The Lego Movie Videogame) is a DC Comics superhero from Gotham City. Batman is a secondary character in The Lego Movie and the main protagonist of The Lego Batman Movie.
In The Lego Movie, he is a Master Builder and Wyldstyle's boyfriend, who helps Emmet save the Lego World. At the end of the movie, Batman gives Wyldstyle his blessing to be Emmet's girlfriend.
In Lego Dimensions, there are two types of Batman: The Lego Movie Batman, as Lucy's ex-boyfriend, and another Lego Batman who is the "real" Batman. In the game's first cutscene, when the two Batmans meet each other, they have a brief argument about who is the real Batman before the real Batman takes Lucy with him to save the multiverse. When the Lego Batman Movie Story Pack came out, the Lego Movie version of Batman becomes a playable character in all six The Lego Batman Movie levels and could be played permanently if the player obtains The Lego Batman Movie World's Red Brick, "Always Batman". 
In The Lego Batman Movie, as the main protagonist, he is depicted as an arrogant, selfish and sarcastic person like in the original movie, and teams up with his adopted son Richard "Dick" Grayson, his butler Alfred and the new Commissioner of Gotham City (and his crush) Barbara Gordon to stop his greatest nemesis Joker.In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, he develops a crush on Queen Watevra Wa-Nabi after being among those abducted by General Sweet Mayhem and decides to take her hand in marriage even though he has no interest of being a husband at first.

 MetalBeard 
MetalBeard (voiced by Nick Offerman in The Lego Movie, The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure and Lego Dimensions, Roger L. Jackson in The Lego Movie Videogame) is a large, bionic makeshift robot pirate and a member of the Master Builders. His appearances are not accurate to the Lego sets such as MetalBeard's Duel (which resembles the original but lacks detailed designs) and MetalBeard's Sea Cow.
MetalBeard originally had a normal pirate body, which he lost in a mission to the Octan Tower. He later rescued Emmet, Wyldstyle, Batman, Vitruvius, Princess Unikitty and Benny after the destruction of Unikitty's kingdom, Cloud Cuckoo Land.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, it is shown MetalBeard can transform other forms, including a bike, to fight off the Duplo Invasion. After the Duplo Invasion, his body was destroyed and he has to use his treasure chest to move around. However, at the end of the film, his body was rebuilt from some instruments.In Lego Dimensions, MetalBeard was pulled into a vortex and captured by Lord Vortech as he had one of the twelve Foundation Elements (his Treasure Chest). His body (along with the bodies of Robin and Frodo Baggins) later becomes part of Vortech's minion, the Tri.

 Princess Unikitty 

Unikitty (voiced by Alison Brie) is half unicorn and half anime kitten and Master Builder who is the ruler of the secret sky location called Cloud Cuckoo Land, where there are no rules or unhappy things. She is cute, positive, and pink, but also turns red and orange when she gets angry.
She was first seen welcoming Emmet, Wyldstyle, Vitruvius and Batman to Cloud Cuckoo Land on and attends the meeting of the Master Builders. She was devastated when the Super Secret Police destroyed Cloud Cuckoo Land and is comforted by Emmet.There is also an animated spin-off series centered around the character, named Unikitty!, produced for Cartoon Network. In this show, Princess Unikitty is the ruler of the Unikingdom and has a little brother named Prince Puppycorn.
She makes a silent cameo appearance in The Lego Ninjago Movie.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Unikitty is shown to be Emmet and Lucy's pet cat and is shown to grow to a full-sized version of herself called Ultrakatty due to holding on to her rage from the Duplo invasion. Unikitty was captured along with Lucy, Batman, Benny and MetalBeard. She was one of Batman's best men (despite the fact that she is female) at his and Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi's wedding.

 Benny 
Benny (voiced by Charlie Day in The Lego Movie, The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure and Lego Dimensions, Mark Silverman in The Lego Movie Videogame) is a blue "1980-something space guy" with a damaged space helmet and worn-off chest printing who loves to build blue classic-style Lego spaceships. He's also a Master Builder and helps Emmet to save the Lego World.
While attending a meeting with the Master Builders at Cloud Cuckoo Land, Benny was among those who join Emmet in the escape from the Super Secret Police. Both times in Cloud Cuckoo Land and on MetalBeard's ship, he tried to build a spaceship only to have his plans cancelled. During the escape from the Octan Tower upon Bad Cop approving the idea, Benny is finally able to make a spaceship which the others use to make their way back to Bricksburg.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Benny loses his right arm in the invasion of Bricksburg and is given a metallic one. He was captured with Lucy, Batman, Unikitty, and MetalBeard and taken to another planet where he met other spacemen. When the characters in  The Lego Movie 2  sing "Everything's Not Awesome" in the storage bin, Benny, among those who have mature feelings, expresses his new found interest in Radiohead. By the end of the film, Benny exchanges helmets with General Sweet Mayhem and accidentally sets President Business' hair on fire.

 Bad Cop / Good Cop 
Bad Cop / Good Cop (voiced by Liam Neeson in The Lego Movie, Bradley Pierce in The Lego Movie Videogame) is a police officer with a double-sided head (a fairly common feature in Lego minifigures) and is named after the good cop, bad cop interrogation method. One face is the bad one, which is mostly shown with Lord Business and when he questions people, while the other one is good, kind, and friendly. Besides being the son of Ma Cop and Pa Cop, Bad Cop/Good Cop is the leader of the Super Secret Police and works for Lord Business to find the Special. He also throws multiple chairs out of frustration in the first movie.
He first appears as he interrogates Emmet about the Master Builders and fed up with Emmet's refusal to admit anything, sends Emmet to the Melting Chamber. When Wyldstyle frees Emmet, Bad Cop and his forces pursue them to one of the secret tunnels. During a meeting with Lord Business, Bad Cop/Good Cop is introduced to a prototype of the Kraglized weapon that he is going to use on Taco Tuesday. Lord Business tests Bad Cop's faithfulness and loyalty by requesting him to test it on his parents. However, both his faces get into an argument and eventually he turns into Good Cop, with his conscience rendering him unable to "Kraglise" his parents. Realizing Good Cop is taking over, Lord Business uses nail polish remover and a q-tip to erase Good Cop's face, thereby enabling Bad Cop to do the job to the horror of his parents. Bad Cop later helps the Master Builders escape and uses a marker to draw a scribble face to replace the Good Cop face he lost. After the Kragle is disarmed, Bad Cop/Good Cop is reunited with his parents.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Bad Cop is a security guard for Apocalypseburg and has no dialogue. His name is changed to Scribble Cop since his face has been scribbled on to replace the one he lost in the first film.

 Vitruvius 
Vitruvius (voiced by Morgan Freeman in The Lego Movie, Josh Robert Thompson in The Lego Movie Videogame) is a blind old wizard and a teacher of Wyldstyle. Vitruvius is one of the most important members of the Master Builders and the one who believes that Emmet will save the world. He wields a green staff that looks like a bent eaten lollipop (yet it's not bent in Lego form).
In one of his earlier encounters with Lord Business, Vitruvius was blinded by him and made up a prophecy of the Special. During the confrontation in the Octan Tower's Think Tank, Vitruvius is beheaded by Lord Business using a penny on him. Upon his death, Vitruvius returns as a ghost that helps Emmet learn his destiny. Vitruvius' ghost is later present when the aliens from the planet Duplo show up with plans to destroy everyone.
Vitruvius's ghost does not appear in the second film other than in the backstory when the Duplo Aliens take over Bricksburg, he was only seen at the opening where MetalBeard mistakenly hits him.

 The Man Upstairs 
The Man Upstairs (portrayed by Will Ferrell) is an unnamed adult Lego collector and the father of Finn who appears in the live-action part of the film. He comes home from work and chastises his son for "ruining" the set by creating variations of different playsets while stating that he left the child blocks for him and his sister to use. With every Krazy Glue in his possession, "The Man Upstairs" proceeds to permanently rebuild and glue his perceived perfect creations together. Eventually, he finds that Finn based Lord Business off of him and joins Finn into removing the Krazy Glue from him. Upon being called up to Taco Tuesday by Finn's mom, "The Man Upstairs" tells Finn that he will now allow his younger sister to play with them. This resulted in aliens from the planet Duplo beaming down and announcing their plans to destroy them.
Aside from flashbacks from the first film, "The Man Upstairs" does not appear on-screen in the second film. However, a photo of him and his family on a log flume ride can be seen in his daughter Bianca's bedroom. His voice is heard when Finn and Bianca's mother talks to them about putting the Legos into storage as he tells them to listen to what their mother said. "The Man Upstairs" is later heard at the end of the movie asking "Honey, where are my pants?" in a reference to the sitcom from the first movie.

 Finn 
Finn (portrayed by Jadon Sand in The Lego Movie and The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Graham Miller as a younger kid in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part) is a boy who is the son of "The Man Upstairs". He created the world of Lego, all the events and the characters, including Emmet.

 Mom 
Mom (voiced by Amanda Farinos in The Lego Movie, portrayed by Maya Rudolph in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part) is the unnamed wife of The Man Upstairs and the mother of Finn and Bianca.
Her voice is heard in The Lego Movie when she tells her husband and son that the tacos are ready.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, she is fully seen where she has brown hair. A recurring gag in the film is when she steps on Lego pieces with her foot causing her to scream "Ayeeee!" due to her being barefoot at the time. She even says that the pain is close to the pain she had during childbirth. The mother is the source of the "Armamageddon" (Our Mama Gets In) in which she is tired of Finn and Bianca fighting over their LEGOs and nearly has their figures all shut up in storage. This started "Armamageddon" which Rex Dangervest took advantage of. After Rex is defeated and Finn and Bianca reconcile, their mom watches them play with their father's Lego sets until she hears her husband asking her where his pants are.

 Ma Cop and Pa Cop 
Ma Cop and Pa Cop (voiced by Melissa Sturm and Liam Neeson) are police officers who are the parents of Bad Cop/Good Cop. Lord Business brought them in as a demonstration to Bad Cop on the Kragle weapon that he will be using on Taco Tuesday. When Good Cop refuses to use the weapon on them, Lord Business erased his Good Cop face much to the horror of his parents. Bad Cop then uses the Kragle weapon on them. By the end of the movie, Ma Cop and Pa Cop are freed from the Kragle and reunited with their son.

 Star Wars characters 
The following characters from Star Wars appear in the first film:

 Han Solo 
Han Solo (voiced by Keith Ferguson) appears from nowhere in the Millennium Falcon when Emmet and the Master Builders are arguing about where to get a hyperdrive from in order to invade Lord Business' tower. He complains to Chewbacca about their hyperdrive malfunctioning and they should not be in the "loser system" that the Lego characters are in. However, Lando Calrissian points out that Wyldstyle is a pretty girl, and it is clear Lando has fallen for her.
Batman engages in a brief chat with Wyldstyle, and suddenly uses a grapple cable to jump onto the Falcon, attempting to socialise with the 20th Century Studios Star Wars cast members. This leaves Wyldstyle heartbroken and Emmet disappointed. Just as they discuss about Batman being "blind" and "a bad partner", the Dark Knight suddenly reappears behind Emmet with the hyperdrive. Benny then asks "...But won't they know their hyperdrive is missing?".
The scene then shows the recreation of a scene from The Empire Strikes Back, which was released on May 21, 1980, where the 20th Century Studios Star Wars characters are escaping from an asteroid with a Space Slug. Han tells Chewie to "hit the hyperdrive", but the spaceship fails. The Space Slug then emerges and swallows the Falcon.

 Lando Calrissian 
Lando Calrissian (voiced by Billy Dee Williams) is a friend of Han Solo. He is present with Han on the Millennium Falcon. Williams reprises his role from the 20th Century Studios Star Wars films. He briefly flirts with Wyldstyle, which prompts her to remark that she has a boyfriend (Batman).

 C-3PO 
C-3PO (voiced by Anthony Daniels) is a droid. He is present with Han on the Millennium Falcon and states to him that they are late to a party. Daniels also reprises his role.

 Chewbacca 
Chewbacca is a Wookiee who is the partner of Han Solo. He is present with Han on the Millennium Falcon, brandishing a chicken leg.

 Master Builders 
The Master Builders are a group of Lego minifigures that can build things without instructions. It is shown that the Master Builders meet in the "Dog" part of Cloud Cuckoo Land to discuss various issues. Their creative ways caused Lord Business to form the Super Secret Police to hunt them down where they are placed in the Octan Tower's Think Tank.

 Superman 
Clark Kent / Superman (voiced by Channing Tatum in The Lego Movie, The Lego Batman Movie and The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Nolan North in Lego Dimensions) is a DC Comics superhero, member of the Justice League, and Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, Superman is shown to be annoyed by Green Lantern and was among the Master Builders that attend the meeting in Cloud Cuckoo Land. During the attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land, Superman took down one of the Super Secret Police's vehicles before being immobilized by a wad of gum leading to his capture.
In The Lego Batman Movie, he and Batman are shown to have a hostile relationship similar to how they started out in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice during one confrontation with Joker. Superman appears on the news program "Metropolis in Focus" where he has just sent General Zod to the Phantom Zone. When interviewed by Reporter Pippa, Superman describes the Phantom Zone to hold the universe's worst villains, which inspires the Joker for his plans with the Phantom Zone Projector. Superman is seen hosting the 57th Annual Justice League Anniversary Party at the Fortress of Solitude, which he neglected to invite Batman to and had to come up with various cover-ups to explain why Batman did not get an invitation.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Superman and the rest of the Justice League go out to save the world from The Duplo invasion, but fails to return five years later. Later, it is revealed that Superman and the others members are in Harmony Town on another planet in the Systar Galaxy. Emmet encounters him using the alias of Sillyman where he has been brainwashed by Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi.

 Wonder Woman 
Diana Prince / Wonder Woman (voiced by Cobie Smulders) is a DC Comics superhero, member of the Justice League, and Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, Wonder Woman is among the Master Builders that attend the meeting in Cloud Cuckoo Land. During the Super Secret Police's attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land, Wonder Woman's Invisible Jet is destroyed. She is among the Master Builders that are captured.
In The Lego Batman Movie, Wonder Woman is seen attending the 57th Annual Justice League Anniversary Party at the Fortress of Solitude where she has no dialogue.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Wonder Woman and the rest of the Justice League go out to save the world from The Duplo invasion, but fails to return 5 years later. Later it is revealed that Wonder Woman and the other members of the Justice League are in Harmony Town on another planet brainwashed by Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi. Also, a mini-doll of Wonder Woman's Lego DC Super Hero Girls counterpart (voiced by Margot Rubin) and a Duplo version of Wonder Woman from Lego Duplo make minor appearances as citizens of Harmony Town. The mini-doll version was riding a two-person bicycle with Wonder Woman while the Duplo version was riding a normal bicycle.

 Aquaman 
Arthur Curry / Aquaman (voiced by Jason Momoa) is a DC Comics superhero, member of the Justice League, and a Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, Aquaman was seen at the end in the background as Bad Cop/Good Cop reunites with his parents.
In The Lego Batman Movie, Aquaman was among the DC heroes who were dancing at the 57th annual Justice League anniversary party.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Aquaman (who resembles the Jason Momoa version) and the rest of the Justice League go out to save the world from the Duplo invasion, but fails to return 5 years later. Later, it is revealed that Aquaman and the other members are in Harmony Town on another planet where they were brainwashed by Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi. Aquaman informs Superman, Green Lantern, and Lex Luthor that General Zod made guacamole. Another version of Aquaman appears in the film called "Rip-off Aquaman" as he appears with Larry Poppins.
Momoa reprises his role from the DC Extended Universe.

 Green Lantern 
Hal Jordan / Green Lantern (voiced by Jonah Hill) is a DC Comics superhero, member of the Justice League, and Master Builder who is a nuisance to Superman.
In The Lego Movie, Green Lantern is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land and tries to interact with Superman. During the attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land, Green Lantern tries to get Superman out of the wad of gum he's trapped in which doesn't work and leads to both of them getting captured by the Super Secret Police, to which Superman comments "I super hate you!" He later appears in a cell next to the Man of Steel after both get taken to the Think Tank, and the latter asks somebody for some Kryptonite, presumably so he can commit suicide.
In The Lego Batman Movie, Green Lantern was seen at the 57th Annual Justice League Anniversary Party at the Fortress of Solitude. When Superman claims to Batman that there must've been a problem with the E-Mails as a cover-up for why Batman wasn't invited to the 57th Annual Justice League Anniversary Party, Green Lantern states that he sometimes never gets Superman's E-Mails for years.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Green Lantern and the rest of the Justice League go out to save the world from The Duplo invasion, but fails to return 5 years later. Later, it is revealed that Green Lantern and the others members are in Harmony Town on another planet where they were brainwashed by Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi.

 The Flash 
Barry Allen / The Flash (voiced by Adam DeVine in The Lego Batman Movie) is a DC Comics superhero, member of the Justice League and Master Builder who possesses superhuman reflexes and reaction time.
In The Lego Movie, he was part of MetalBeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower, which led to his capture. He is later seen at the end of the movie with the other DC Comics superheroes.
In The Lego Batman Movie, Flash is seen attending the 57th Annual Justice League Anniversary Party and asks Batman to take a picture of the whole Justice League. This leaves Batman disappointed because he wasn't in the picture despite being a member.
Flash makes a cameo appearance in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, but has no dialogue.

 2002 NBA All Stars 
The 2002 NBA All-Stars are basketball players that are Master Builders that consist of a Lego caricature of Shaquille O'Neal (voiced by Himself) and two unnamed basketball players.
In The Lego Movie, the 2002 NBA All-Stars were among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. During the attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land, the 2002 NBA All-Stars alongside two Spacemen and the Swamp Creature try to use a catapult on the vehicles of the Super Secret Police to no avail as the vehicles are all Kraglized. They are captured by the Super Secret Police.

 Abraham Lincoln 
Abraham Lincoln (voiced by Will Forte) is the 16th President of the United States and a Master Builder who rides in a rocket version of his armchair with a footrest that is similar to the one seen in the statue of him.
In The Lego Movie, Abraham Lincoln was among the Master Builders that meet at Cloud Cuckoo Land. When the Master Builders were displeased that Emmet hasn't learned any Master Builder skills yet, Abraham Lincoln quotes "A house divided against itself would be better than this." Abraham Lincoln then rides his rocket armchair away from the dog. During the battle of Bricksburg, Abraham Lincoln is shown riding into battle while giving Michelangelo Buonaroti and William Shakespeare a ride.
In The Lego Movie Videogame, Abraham Lincoln is seen during the attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land where Emmet helps to fix his rocket armchair.
In a promo for the DVD release of The Lego Movie, Abraham Lincoln was paired up with Michelangelo Buonaroti in a buddy cop project called "Time Cops."
Abraham Lincoln makes an appearance in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, still using his rocket armchair to fight against the Duplo Invasion. When Armamageddon starts, Abraham Lincoln states that he's got tickets to the theater tonight.

 Gandalf the Grey 
Gandalf the Grey (voiced by Todd Hanson) is a wizard from Middle-earth who is one of the Master Builders.
In The Lego Movie, Gandalf is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. When Gandalf asks Vitruvius to have Emmet stand forward, Vitruvius mistakes him for Albus Dumbledore much to the annoyance of both wizards. When it was revealed that Emmet doesn't know any Master Builder skills, Gandalf scolds Emmet and calls him a "butt", something that Dumbledore agrees with, when Emmet says a sentence ending with "but." During the attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land, Gandalf is among the Master Builders that hear about the tracker on Emmet's leg and claims that he led the Super Secret Police right to them. He is among the Master Builders that are captured. Following the Kragle being capped by the Piece of Resistance, Gandalf and Albus Dumbledore toss the Deep Sea Diver up and down.
In The Lego Movie Videogame, Gandalf and the Magician help Emmet and Princess Unikitty fight Lord Business' giant robot.
In Lego Dimensions, Gandalf (who is from the Lego The Lord of the Rings universe) teams up with Wyldstyle and the "real" Batman to save the other dimensions from Lord Vortech.
Gandalf has a minor appearance in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part in Emmet's dream. When Wyldstyle, Batman, MetalBeard, Unikitty, and Benny get abducted by General Sweet Mayhem, Gandalf states that it has become pointless to rescue them since the Justice League is still missing and the characters from Marvel Comics aren't answering the phone. He is later seen when Emmet's dream starts coming true whereas he shouts "IT'S ARMAMAGEDDON!".

 Albus Dumbledore 
Albus Dumbledore is a wizard who is the headmaster of Hogwarts and a Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, Albus Dumbledore is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. When Gandalf asks Vitruvius to have Emmet stand forward, Vitruvius mistakes him for Albus Dumbledore much to the annoyance of both wizards. When it was revealed that Emmet doesn't know any Master Builder skills and he tried to make an attempt at a motivated speech, Gandalf and Dumbledore quote to Emmet that he's the but when he quoted "but". He is among the Master Builders that are captured. Following the Kragle being capped by the Piece of Resistance, Albus Dumbledore and Gandalf toss the Deep Sea Diver up and down.

 Michelangelo Buonarroti 
Michelangelo Buonarroti is an artist and sculptor that is one of the Master Builders.
In The Lego Movie, Michelangelo is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land where he was seen working on a sculpture. During the fight in Bricksburg, Michelangelo and William Shakespeare are showing riding with Abraham Lincoln on his rocket chair.

 William Shakespeare 
William Shakespeare (voiced by Jorma Taccone) is a poet, playwright, and actor who is one of the Master Builders.
In The Lego Movie, William Shakespeare is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. When it was discovered that Emmet has not learned any Master Builder skills yet, William Shakespeare considered him "rubbish." During the attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land, William Shakespeare is among the Master Builders that are apprehended by the Super Secret Police. During the fight in Bricksburg, William Shakespeare and Michelangelo Buonaroti are shown riding with Abraham Lincoln on his rocket chair.

 Blaze Firefighter 
Blaze Firefighter is a firefighter and Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, Blaze is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. Blaze was later seen during the battle in Bricksburg where he is operating a mech that was created from a fire engine.

 Cardio Carrie 
Cardio Carrie is a fitness instructor and Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie she is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 El Macho Wrestler 
El Macho Wrestler is a masked wrestler and Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, he is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 Gallant Guards 
The Gallant Guards are inhabitants of Middle Zealand where some of them are Master Builders, they are recycled from the Lion Knights from Lego Castle.
In The Lego Movie, the Gallant Guards that are Master Builders are among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. Some other Gallant Guards were shown listening to a medieval messenger reading Wyldstyle's message to everyone to stand up to Lord Business' forces.

 Gordon Zola 
Gordon Zola is a chef from Bricksburg and a Master Builder.
Outside of his Bricksburg appearances in The Lego Movie, Gordon Zola is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. His name is a play on the word gorgonzola, a type of cheese.

 Hank Haystack 
Hank Haystack is a farmer and Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, he is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 Marsha: Queen of the Mermaids 
Marsha: Queen of the Mermaids is a mermaid queen and Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, Marsha is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land where Vitruvius referred to her as "Mermaid Lady". During the attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land, Marsha is the first person to notice the tracker that Bad Cop secretly placed on Emmet.
Marsha has a cameo in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part fighting against the Duplo invasion.

 Panda Guy 
Panda Guy is a man in a giant panda suit that is a Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, Panda Guy is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. During the battle in Bricksburg, he is seen helping a Yeti fight a Micro Manager.
Panda Guy also made an appearance in The Lego Ninjago Movie when Robin Roberts was announcing birthday dates.
Panda Guy makes a cameo appearance in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part fighting against the Duplo Invasion.

 Sir Stackabrick 
Sir Stackabrick is a knight from Middle Zealand and a Master Builder.
In The Lego Movie, Sir Stackabrick is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. During the attack on Cloud Cuckoo Land, Sir Stackabrick is the one who identifies the tracker that Bad Cop secretly placed on Emmet.

 Calvary Guard 
A Calvary Guard is a Master Builder and is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 Conductor Charlie 
Conductor Charlie is a train conductor from Lego World City. In The Lego Movie, Conductor Charlie is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 Ghost 
The Ghost is a Master Builder who is based on the classic variant. In The Lego Movie, the Ghost is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 Johnny Thunder 
Johnny Thunder is an adventurer from Lego Adventurers. In The Lego Movie, he is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. When the Super Secret Police attack Cloud Cuckoo Land, Johnny Thunder gets trampled by the "Orb of Titleist" alongside the Island Warrior and a Yeti.

 Lady Pirate 
Lady Pirate is a female pirate from Lego Pirates. In The Lego Movie, she and a generic pirate are seen as part of Metalbeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower. The Lady Pirate and the generic pirate are also revealed to be Metalbeard's parents in the "Ma and Pa" Emmet Awards contest.

 Michelangelo 
Michelangelo is a mutated ninja turtle from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. He was seen three times in The Lego Movie. The first time was when he was part of Metalbeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower. The second time was when he was among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land where he was seen in the same area as Michelangelo Buonarroti. And the third was when he was forced to come up with instructions for a stereo system for the TAKOS while trapped in the Think Tank.

 Milhouse Van Houten 
Milhouse Van Houten is a friend of Bart Simpson from The Simpsons, which was released by 20th Century Fox Television. In The Lego Movie, Milhouse was among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 Red Classic Spaceman 
The Red Classic Spaceman is a 1980's spaceman in a red spacesuit from Lego Space. In The Lego Movie, one Red Classic Spaceman is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land while another one is seen in a space set.

 Speed Racer 
Speed Racer is the famed race-car champion from Lego Speed Racer. In The Lego Movie, Speed Racer was seen as part of Metalbeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower.

 Swamp Creature 
The Swamp Creature (voiced by Todd Hanson in The Lego Movie and The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Seth Green in The Lego Batman Movie) is a gill-man from Lego Monster Fighters. In The Lego Movie, the Swamp Creature is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. After Emmet's failed attempt at an inspirational speech, which causes the Master Builders to boo at him, the Swamp Creature asked "This is supposed to make us feel better?" In the second film, the Swamp Creature is seen when General Sweet Mayhem arrives in Apocalypseburg.
In The Lego Batman Movie, a different Swamp Creature is among the inmates of the Phantom Zone. When Joker describes himself to the inmates, the Swamp Creature called Joker boring.

 Texas Cowboy 
The Texas Cowboy is a Master Builder from the Old West. He is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 Traffic Enforcer 
The Traffic Enforcer is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 Trucker Guy 
The Trucker Guy is a Master Builder. He is first seen in a flashback when Wyldstyle talks about the Master Builders to Emmet. The Trucker Guy is later seen among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.

 White Classic Spaceman 
The White Classic Spaceman is a 1980's spaceman in a white spacesuit from Lego Space. In The Lego Movie, one White Classic Spaceman is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land while another one is seen in a space set.

 Appearing from Lego Minifigures 
The following Master Builders appear from the Lego Minifigures theme:

Artist – The Artist is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. A different Artist appears in The Lego Ninjago Movie as a citizen of Ninjago City where he is among its civilians in awe over Meowthra before fleeing in terror.
Caveman – The Caveman was depicted as a Master Builder in The Lego Movie Videogame.
Circus Clown – The Circus Clown is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. During this time, he and the Lizard Man are shown painting Batman's face. In addition, the Circus Clown is shown to come from a Lego Universe location called Clown Town.
Cyclops – The Cyclops appears in a stop-motion video created by fans on ReBrick.
Deep Sea Diver – The Deep Sea Diver is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. Following the Kragle being capped by the Piece of Resistance, the Deep Sea Diver was shown being tossed up and down by Albus Dumbledore and Gandalf.
Demolition Dummy – The Demolition Dummy is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Disco Dude – The Disco Dude was seen as part of Metalbeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower.
Egyptian Queen (voiced by Emily Nordwind) – The Egyptian Queen is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. She was referred to by Vitruvius as "Cleopatra" in the part where she is shown trying to get an asp away from her. The Egyptian Queen is often shown in scenes with the Lady Robot. The Egyptian Queen appears in the second film.
Forestman – The Forestman is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. He was referred to by Vitruvius as "Robin Hood".
Gangster – The Gangster is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Hazmat Guy – The Hazmat Guy is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. Unlike his Minifigure, he was sporting a yellow hazmat suit.
Island Warrior – The Island Warrior is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. When the Super Secret Police attack Cloud Cuckoo Land, the Island Warrior gets trampled by the "Orb of Titleist" alongside Johnny Thunder and a Yeti.
Lady Liberty – Lady Liberty is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Lady Robot – A female robot who is the only robot so far that is a Master Builder. She is often shown in scenes with the Egyptian Queen.
Lizard Man – A man in a lizard suit. He is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. During this time, he and the Circus Clown are shown painting Batman's face. In the second film, Lizard Man is seen dancing in Harmony Town.
Magician – The Magician was seen as part of MetalBeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower and later appeared among the Master Builders meeting in Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Medusa (voiced by Lauren White) – Medusa was seen as part of MetalBeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower. In The Lego Batman Movie, a different Medusa is seen among the inmates of the Phantom Zone.
Mime – The Mime was seen as part of MetalBeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower.
Mummy – A Mummy is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Pirate Captain – The Pirate Captain is seen in Wyldstyle's flashback where she explains about the Master Builders.
Policeman – The Policeman is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Punk Rocker – The Punk Rocker is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Rapper – The Rapper was seen in Wyldstyle's flashback among the Master Builders in Bricksburg that are apprehended by the Super Secret Police.
Ringmaster – The Ringmaster was seen as part of MetalBeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower.
Sleepyhead – The Sleepyhead is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. In The Lego Ninjago Movie, a Sleepyhead is among the citizens of Ninjago City that evacuate by boat.
Surgeon – The Surgeon is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. This Surgeon is male opposed to the Minifigure that is female.
Tribal Chief – While one Tribal Chief was among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land, another Tribal Chief was briefly seen in Flatbush Gulch's saloon in The Old West where he tried to hit Emmet with a hammer.
Vampire – The Vampire was among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land and was referred to by Vitruvius as "Nice Vampire." He was incorrectly labeled as "Lord Vampyre" in The Lego Movie Videogame.
Witch – The Witch was seen as part of MetalBeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower.
Yeti – The Yeti is among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land. When the Super Secret Police attack Cloud Cuckoo Land, the Yeti gets trampled by the "Orb of Titleist" alongside Johnny Thunder and the Island Warrior. During the battle in Bricksburg, the Yeti is seen helping the Panda Guy fight a Micro Manager.
Zookeeper – The Zookeeper was seen in a flashback where Wyldstyle was talking about the Master Builders, being part of Metalbeard's earlier attack on the Octan Tower, and high fiving Speed Racer following the Kragle being disabled by the Piece of Resistance. In The Lego Ninjago Movie, a Zookeeper was among the Ninjago City citizens that are in awe of Meowthra before fleeing in terror.

 Super Secret Police 
The Super Secret police are Lord Business' personal law enforcement group. Under the leadership of Bad Cop, they are sent by Lord Business to hunt down the Master Builders.

 Velma Staplebot 
Velma Staplebot (voiced by Kelly Lafferty) is a robot who is Lord Business' overbearing personal assistant.

 Sheriff Not-a-Robot 
Sheriff Not-a-Robot (voiced by Jorma Taccone) is a robotic sheriff who is a member of the Super Secret Police and the head of its branch in The Old West.

 Deputron 
Deputron is a robotic deputy who is a member of the Super Secret Police's branch in The Old West.

 Calamity Drone 
Calamity Drone is a female robot who is a member of the Super Secret Police's branch in The Old West.
Her name is a parody of Calamity Jane.

 Wiley Fusebot 
Wiley Fusebot is a prospector-resembling robot who is the demolitions expert of the Super Secret Police's branch in The Old West.

 Radio DJ Robot 
The Radio DJ Robot is a robotic DJ who is used by Lord Business to play the song "Everything is Awesome" on the radio over and over again.

 Foot Soldiers 
The following are foot soldiers for the Super Secret Police:

Micro Managers (voiced by Doug Nicholas) – The Micro Managers are cube-shaped robots that are used to control the citizens and prepare them to be Kraglized. They appear different in the Lego sets with 11 variants of them while the game (which is accurate to the film with an extra eye to use as a laser) and Lego Dimensions created 3 different versions.
Robo Crocodiles – The Robo Crocodiles are robotic crocodiles that are used by the Super Secret Police.
Robo Feds (voiced by David Burrows) – The Robo Feds are business suit-wearing office robots.
Robo Pilots – The Robo Pilots are the robotic pilots for the Super Secret Police.
Robo SWATs (voiced by David Burrows) – The Robo SWATS are the common foot soldiers of the Super Secret Police. There were some Robo SWATs that were seen wearing hazmat suits.
Skeletrons (voiced by David Burrows) – The Skeletrons are robotic skeletons that are the personal minions and bodyguards of Lord Business.

 Bricksburg citizens 
Bricksburg is the city where Emmet is from. In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Bricksburg has been renamed Apocalypseburg in its post-apocalyptic condition in the aftermath of the Duplo invasion. Bricksburg was later restored as Syspocalypstar when Finn and Bianca unite Bricksburg and the Systar System.
Besides Emmet, among the citizens of Bricksburg are:

Blacktron Fan – Blacktron Fan is a Bricksburg inhabitant who is a fan of Blacktron.
Bricksburg Construction Crew – The construction worker crew, which Emmet works for, that is tasked with eliminating old buildings and replacing them with new buildings.
Frank the Foreman (voiced by Keegan-Michael Key in The Lego Movie, Roger Craig Smith in Lego Dimensions) – The construction foreman of the construction crew.
Barry (voiced by Jake Johnson) – A construction worker.
Fred – A demolitions expert.
Gail (voiced by Melissa Sturm in The Lego Movie, Jessica DiCicco in The Lego Movie Videogame, Tara Strong in Lego Dimensions) – A female construction worker. A running gag is that she tends to forget who Emmet is.
Randy (voiced by Robbie Daymond in The Lego Movie Videogame) – A construction worker.
Wally (voiced by Dave Franco) – A construction worker. He resembles Rod Stanchion from LEGO City Undercover.
Dr. McScrubs – A doctor who works in Bricksburg.
Executive Ellen – An executive of a company in Bricksburg.
Fabu-Fan – A woman who is a fan of Fabuland.
Garbage Man Dan – A garbageman who lives in Bricksburg and works with Garbage Man Grant. His headpiece is a recycled version of an Elite Police Officer from Lego City Police.
Garbage Man Grant – A garbageman who lives in Bricksburg and works with Garbage Man Dan.
Ice Cream Jo – A female ice cream vendor.
Ice Cream Mike – An ice cream vendor.
Kebab Bob – A kebab vendor.
Larry the Barista (voiced by Chris McKay) – A barista who sells overpriced coffee at his coffeehouse. He tells the Super Secret Police what he knows about Emmet while telling them the price of the coffee they purchased. During the battle in Bricksburg, Larry finds his creativity after Wyldstyle's speech and builds a machine out of his coffeehouse to attack the Micro Managers. He appears with an apocalyptic makeover in the second film where he states that they don't do decaf.
Plumber Joe (voiced by Chris Romano) – Plumber Joe is a plumber that lives in Bricksburg.
Alfie the Apprentice – Alfie is an apprentice plumber to Plumber Joe.
Sherry Scratchen-Post (voiced by Charity James in Lego Dimensions, Mike Mitchell in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part) – Mrs. Scratchen-Post is a cat lady who is one of Emmet's neighbors.
Sherry Scratchen-Post's Cats – A group of cats belonging to Mrs Scratchen-Post. The cats seen in the first movie are Jasmine, Dexter, Angie, Loki, Bad Leroy, Fluffy, Fluffy Junior, Fluffy Senior, and Jeff. In the second movie, some new cats are shown with Jeff that consist of Deathface, Scarfield, Metalscratch, Laserbeam, Fingernail, and Tox.
Surfer Dave (voiced by Doug Nicholas in The Lego Movie and The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part) – A surfer based on the Surfer from Series 2 of Lego Minifigures. When he was interviewed by the Super Secret Police, he stated that he had no idea who Emmet is despite Emmet saying hi to him. He changed his name to "Chainsaw Dave" in the second film, referring to his chainsaw he uses to cut up his surfboards to use as firewood, never being able to surf again because of the drought in Appocalypseburg after the Duplo Invasion. In the event of Armamageddon, he changes his name to "Purgatory Dave" right before he descends into the Bin of Storage.
Taco Tuesday Guy – A taco vendor who makes the tastiest tacos in Bricksburg.
Sharkira – A female Apocalypseburg citizen who wears a black helmet with a shark mouth on the visor.
Maddox – A male Apocalypseburg resident who holds a spear.
Sewer Babies (voiced by Liam Knight) – A gang of Apocalypseburg babies who live in the sewers.
Mo-Hawk – A female Apocalypseburg citizen.
Fuse – An Apocalypseburg resident who wears a welder's mask and has a workshop.
Roxxi – An aggressive-looking Apocalypseburg citizen.

 The Old West citizens 
The Old West is a location that is home to every cowboy and tribal natives minifigure.
It does not appear in the second film, but it is reused in the video game adaptation of the first one and second one.
Among the citizens of The Old West are:

Bandito – A Bandito is seen as a patron at Flatbush Gulch's saloon. His head is a recycled version of Dewey Cheatham from Lego Western.
Cowboy Harry – A cowboy who is seen in his hot tub when Emmet and Wyldstyle first arrived in Flatbush Gulch.
Odd Ollie – A bandit. He is referred to as "Bandit" in the handheld version of The Lego Movie Videogame.
Prospector – An unnamed prospector. He asked Odd if he thinks zeppelins are bad investments.
Rootbeer Belle – Rootbeer Belle is a worker at Flatbush Gulch's saloon. During Wyldstyle's speech, she and Sudds Backwash find the inspiration to create a battle craft out of parts of the saloon in order to fight the Micro Managers.
Saloon Waitress – An unnamed waitress at Flatbush Gulch's saloon.
Sudds Backwash – Sudds Backwash is a bartender at Flatbush Gulch's saloon. During Wyldstyle's speech, he and Rootbeer Belle find the inspiration to create a battle craft out of parts of the saloon in order to fight the Micro Managers.
Tomahawk – A native warrior.
Wild Will – An outlaw. He is referred to as "Outlaw" in the handheld version of The Lego Movie Videogame.

 Larry the "Where Are My Pants?" Guy 
Larry (voiced by Craig Berry) is an actor who stars in the Octan Corporation's TV series "Where Are My Pants?", which is the favorite show of Emmet and the citizens of Bricksburg. His character tends to misplace his pants with them ending up in odd places which leads to him asking his wife the titular question.
Larry's question in the TV series was referenced in the second film when "The Man Upstairs" asks his wife the titular question, revealing that these real life situations are the basis for the sit-com.

 Sharon Shoehorn 
Sharon Shoehorn is an actress who portrays the wife of Larry's character in "Where Are My Pants?"

 The Duplo Aliens 
The Duplo Aliens (voiced by Sawyer Jones, Liam Knight, Cora Miller, Graham Miller, Emmett Mitchell, and Ollie Mitchell) are a race of giant aliens made of Duplo blocks that come from the planet Duplo. As a result of "The Man Upstairs" allowing his younger daughter Bianca to play with him and Finn, the Duplo Aliens arrive with the lead Duplo Alien announcing their plans to destroy everyone before the film ends in a cliffhanger.
In the second film, the Duplo Aliens' attack turned Bricksburg into Apocalypseburg. However, it is also revealed in the second film is that they only wanted to join Bricksburg but had communication problems. In addition, their planet is located below the planet where Harmony Town is. In the second films sets and videogame, they are made out of Lego parts to resemble Duplo rather than the actual product.

 Bianca 
Bianca (portrayed by Brooklynn Prince) is the younger sister of Finn. She is invited to play with him and her father in the basement. As a result of Bianca being invited by her father to join, Bricksburg is invaded by aliens from the planet Duplo.
In the second film, Bianca is the one who created the Systar System which conflicts with Finn's Lego works. Their feud caused their mom to order them to put away the Legos which brought "Armamageddon" to the Lego Universe. After Rex Dangervest was defeated, Finn and Bianca make up and made a compromise to combine Apocalypseburg and the Systar System which pleases their Mom.

 Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi 
Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi (voiced by Tiffany Haddish) is the shapeshifting alien queen of the Systar System, able to turn into multiple objects. Her name is a pun on the common phrase "whatever I wanna be", possibly referencing her shapeshifting abilities.
Her apparent goal was to follow the Duplo Aliens' path in conquering the Lego Universe. Queen Watevra Wa-Nabi was thought to despise Master Builders like Business used to. However, it is eventually revealed that she intended to create peace between Bricksburg and the Systar System, but had poor communication skills which made the Master Builders think that she was evil and go against her. In addition, she develops a crush on Batman and plans to marry him. When General Sweet Mayhem brought Wyldstyle, Batman, MetalBeard, Unikitty, and Benny to her palace, Queen Wa'Nabi was first seen in horse form due to her just finishing a visit to the planet Anthropomorphia. It is revealed at the wedding that Wa'Nabi's original form was the heart that Emmet built for the Duplo Aliens in his attempt to create peace. In the real world, the heart was built by Finn and he gave it to Bianca telling her "it can be whatever you want it to be." After hearing Emmet's speech, Finn rebuilds the heart for Bianca, thus reviving Wa'Nabi.

 General Sweet Mayhem 
General Sweet Mayhem (voiced by Stephanie Beatriz in the film, Carla Tassara in The Lego Movie 2 Videogame) is the general of the army of the Systar System in outer space who wears a helmet to disguise her voice and is loyal to Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi. She kidnaps Wyldstyle, Batman, Unikitty, Benny and MetalBeard, under Queen Wa'Nabi's orders. Emmet tries to save his friends by trying to convince Mayhem to take him instead, but she doesn't after her scanner shows that Emmet is still a non-special person despite all of his accomplishments near the end of the first film. Wyldstyle faces off against General Mayhem where her helmet gets removed. She did state to Wyldstyle about Queen Wa'Nabi's motives where Wyldstyle states that she has bad communication skills. When Apocalypseburg and the Systar System were merged after Armamageddon was thwarted, General Mayhem allows Benny to try on her helmet.
Without her helmet, she has pink skin with blue pigtail hair and has magenta and turquoise eyes.
Sweet Mayhem's design is based on the design of the mini-doll characters in girl-oriented Lego sets.

 Rex Dangervest 
Rex "Radical Emmet Xtreme" Macheteninjastar Dangervest (voiced by Chris Pratt in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, and A. J. LoCascio in The Lego Movie 2 Videogame) is a space-traveling galaxy-defending archaeologist, cowboy, raptor-trainer and the main antagonist of The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part. As his character implies, he is a spoof combination of Pratt's Peter Quill / Star-Lord, Owen Grady and Joshua Faraday roles from the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Jurassic World series and The Magnificent Seven (2016) respectively. His mention of being an "archaeologist" is based on rumours that Pratt could play a future Indiana Jones. A Master Breaker, Rex teaches Emmet how to be "tough" like him, and also "helps" Emmet save his friends, despite his warning to Emmet that almost nobody, not even a professional Master Builder, stands a chance against Wa'Nabi.
He is later revealed to be a nihilistic, embittered version of Emmet from the future who seeks to trigger the occurrence of Armamageddon, keeping him in existence, while locking the Lego and Duplo figures in eternal storage, as revenge for being left alone. His time machine was made out of parts of Doc Brown's DeLorean, Bill and Ted's phone booth, the TARDIS, "H.G. Wells' bicycle thing", "whatever Skynet is using," and a certain hot tub. After Armamageddon is thwarted and Rex's time machine is destroyed, Rex's future is rewritten as he fades away. He calls his fate "Back to the Future-ing" (although it also alludes to Star-Lord's being wiped from existence in Avengers: Infinity War) and shows redemption but states, "No regrets" except for not trademarking this same line.

 Rex's Velociraptors 
Rex gathers many Velociraptors from prehistoric times in his time-travelling ship. They are spoofs of Owen Grady's raptors from Jurassic World. Their names include:

Ripley – A Velociraptor who is named after Ellen Ripley from the 20th Century Fox Alien franchise.
Connor – A Velociraptor who is named after both Sarah and John Connor from Paramount Pictures’ Terminator franchise.
The Other One - A raptor presumably referring to the main raptor antagonist in Jurassic Park, which is called "The Big One".
Quaid – A Velociraptor who is named after Douglas Quaid from Total Recall.
Cobra - A raptor named after Lieutenant Marion Cobretti, whose codename is "Cobra", in the movie of the same name.
Rocky - A raptor named after Rocky Balboa, a boxer in the franchise of the same name.When Emmet and Rex arrive in Harmony Town and the "Catchy Song" plays, the Velociraptors become affected by it. After Armamageddon is thwarted and Rex vanishes upon his future being rewritten, the Velociraptors are shown with Sherry Scratchen-Post and her cats emerging from the sewers.

 Lex Luthor 
Lex Luthor (voiced by Ike Barinholtz) is the archenemy of Superman, CEO of LexCorp and a Master Builder. He is seen being arrested by the Justice League and held in a cell on their ship. Lex Luthor is taken with the Justice League to fight the Duplo Invasion. After the Justice League is captured by Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi, Lex is also captured. He is seen working as Superman's butler on a planet in the Systar System.

 Bruce Willis 
A Lego caricature of Bruce Willis (voiced by himself) is encountered by Wyldstyle during her time in the Systar System. He is first seen in the Palace of Infinite Reflections having a drink while enjoying a spa.
He is later seen crawling around in air vents with a lighter in his hand where he encounters Wyldstyle. Emmet and Rex later encounter Bruce in the same air vents which Wyldstyle hears through her headphones.

 Systar System inhabitants 
The Systar System is the galaxy-dimension in the Legoverse where Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi, General Sweet Mayhem and the Duplo Aliens live. It is named after "sister", particularly Finn's sister Bianca who created this Lego dimension from her creations in the real world.
There is a variety of obscure characters and creatures who call this place home. Besides Wa'Nabi and Mayhem, among the inhabitants of the Systar System are:

Amber – Amber is one of the citizens of the Systar System who is the singer and dancer of the Pop-Up Party Bus under the stage name Melody.
Archimedes – A brick-built cat who works at the spa in the Palace of Infinite Reflection on Planet Sparkle.
Balthazar (voiced by Noel Fielding) – Balthazar is an attractive, sparkly-faced teenage vampire mini-doll who meditates the Systar System's visitors on the planet Sparkle. He is an expert on meditation, but is also a DJ in his spare time where he even plays the "Catchy Song." Balthazar is a nod to Edward Cullen from The Twilight Saga
Banarnar (voiced by Ben Schwartz) – Banarnar is one of Queen Watevra Wa-Nabi's servants. As his name implies, he is a banana who at most times accidentally slips into an unintentional split, which results in getting teased by Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi. He loses his peel during Armamageddon. When Apocalypseburg and the Systar System were merged, Banarnar is shown getting a tattoo.
Candy Rapper – A singer from the Systar System. She was featured in the LEGO Movie 2 minifigure series.
Catherine Cat - An anthropomorphic cat from Fabuland who is part of Queen Wa'Nabi's council.
Celeste – Celeste is a female vampire who works at the spa in the Palace of Infinite Reflection with Balthazar on Planet Sparkle.
Chad (voiced by Chris Miller) – Chad is one of the citizens of the Systar System who is the DJ of the Pop-Up Party Bus under the stage name Tempo.
Chocolate Bar (voiced by Chris Miller) – Chocolate Bar is one of the citizens of the Systar System who is obviously a talking chocolate bar.
Dr. Dog - An anthropomorphic dog physician from Fabuland. He was present at the wedding of Batman and Queen Wa'Nabi.
Eight (voiced by Mike Mitchell) – Eight is an octopus who does massages and works at the spa in the Palace of Infinite Reflection on Planet Sparkle.
Fabuland Figure Bulldog 6 - An anthropomorphic bulldog. He was present at the wedding of Batman and Queen Wa'Nabi.
Flaminga – A flamingo who works at the spa in the Palace of Infinite Reflection on the planet Sparkle and does massages.
Ice Cream Cone (voiced by Richard Ayoade) – Ice Cream Cone is one of Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi servants who is obviously a talking ice cream. He serves as Queen Wa'Nabi's right-hand character. A running gag is that he tends to close out certain discussions between Batman and Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi so that they can focus on what comes next.
Hearts (voiced by Sawyer Jones and Liam Knight) – They are adorable, pink hearts who are actually bombs that detonate when they say "HELLO!"
Kitty Pop – A cat-themed singer from the Systar System (in a similar vein to Josie and the Pussycats). She was featured in the LEGO Movie 2 minifigure series.
Plantimals (voiced by Chris Miller) – A race of plant-like creatures that live in the jungles near Harmony Town.
Royal guards (voiced by Mike Mitchell – The royal guards work for Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi where they protect her and help secure vital information.
Stars (voiced by Sawyer Jones, Liam Knight, and Cora Miller) – They are cute, little stars who are sometimes seen to be vomiting glitter. They are not accurate to the film in Lego sets such as there faces are not square pieces.
Susan (voiced by Margot Rubin) – Susan is a mini-doll who is one of Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi's servants. When the main characters first encounter her, they mistake her for Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi who is actually the horse she is sitting on.
Zebe (voiced by Jimmy O. Yang) – Zebe is a brick-built lavender and black zebra who is one of the citizens of the Systar System. He drives a party bus.
Zen Bunny – Zen Bunny is a brick-built rabbit who teaches relaxation at the Palace of Infinite Reflection on Planet Sparkle.

 Harmony Town inhabitants 
Harmony Town is one of the locations in the Systar System and is located above Planet Duplo. Among its known inhabitants are:

Chicken Suit Guy – A man dressed in a chicken suit that lives peacefully in Harmony Town with other minifigures and mini-dolls.
Crayon Girl – A female dressed up as a purple crayon who inhabits Harmony Town. She was in the LEGO Movie 2 minifigures series.
Fox Girl – A female dressed in a fox suit who lives in Harmony Town.
Giraffe Man – Giraffe Man is a man dressed in a giraffe suit who lives in Harmony Town. In the LEGO Movie 2 minifigures series, Giraffe Man was featured.
Hot Dog Man – A man who dresses in a hot dog suit.
Hula Lula – A lady who lives in Harmony Town. She was featured in the LEGO Movie 2 minifigure series.
Paper Boy (voiced by Chris Miller) – A paper boy who throws a newspaper that Emmet catches revealing Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi's upcoming matrimony.
Watermelon Dude – A male dressed up as a watermelon who lives in Harmony Town. In the LEGO Movie 2 minifigures series, Watermelon Man was featured.

 Dorothy Gale 
Dorothy Gale is the main character of The Wizard of Oz. She and her Oz friends appear dancing to the song Catchy Song in Harmony Town.
She was also in The LEGO Movie 2 minifigure series.

 Toto 
Toto is a small, grey dog owned by Dorothy. He was in The LEGO Movie 2 minifigure series as an accessory for Dorothy.

 Scarecrow 
Scarecrow is a main character from The Wizard of Oz who dreams of having a brain. In the film, Emmet and Rex encounter him, Dorothy, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion in Harmony Town.
He was in The LEGO Movie 2 minifigure series.
He was also a character in Lego Dimensions (not in his Lego Movie 2 version, but in his original version) who was kidnapped by Lord Vortech. Before being kidnapped he was mistaken by Batman for the DC Comics character of the same name.

 Tin Man 
Tin Man is a main character from The Wizard of Oz and somehow he found his way to Harmony Town. He is a wood-cutter made out of tin who rusts easily when exposed to water and he dreams of having a real heart. Tin Man also attended the wedding of Queen Watevra Wa’Nabi.
He was in The LEGO Movie 2 minifigure series.

 Cowardly Lion 
Cowardly Lion is a main character from The Wizard of Oz who alongside his friends end up in Harmony Town. He dreams to obtain courage. He was in The LEGO Movie 2 minifigure series.

 Duplo Foreman 
This Duplo alien controlled the building site where the DUPLO people where transporting bricks for the wedding.

 Gary Payton 
A Lego caricature of Gary Payton (voiced by Himself) was seen in Apocalypseburg. Emmet tries to enlist him to help rescue his friends from General Sweet Mayhem to no avail.

 Sheryl Swoopes 
A Lego caricature of Sheryl Swoopes (voiced by Herself) was seen in Apocalypseburg. Emmet tries to enlist her to help rescue his friends from General Sweet Mayhem to no avail.

 Velma Dinkley 
Velma Dinkley (voiced by Trisha Gum) is a character from Scooby-Doo. She is the brains of the team Mystery Incorporated. After his friends are taken by General Sweet Mayhem, Emmet tries to enlist Velma to help rescue them to no avail.

 Larry Poppins 
Larry Poppins (voiced by Jorma Taccone) is a male counterpart of Mary Poppins. He has a flowery hat and holds an umbrella. Larry believes that a spoonful of salt makes the medicine go down which is a spoof on Mary Poppins's famous song "A Spoonful of Sugar."

 Marie Curie 
A Lego caricature of Marie Curie was seen attending the wedding of Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi.

 Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
A Lego caricature of Ruth Bader Ginsburg was seen attending the wedding of Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi.

 Benny's Space Squad 
Benny's Space Squad is a squad of astronauts who are led by Benny. He thought he had lost them in the Bricksburg invasion, but they were actually captured and taken to the Systar System.

Jenny – Jenny is a white-suited astronaut who is a recruit of Benny's squad who was captured and imprisoned in the Systar System.
Kenny – Kenny is a yellow-suited astronaut who is a recruit of Benny's squad who was captured and imprisoned in the Systar System.
Lenny – Lenny is a pink-suited astronaut who is a recruit of Benny's squad who was captured and imprisoned in the Systar System.
Denny — Denny is a red-Suited astronaut who is a recruit of Benny's squad who was captured and imprisoned in the Systar System. He was the only recruit not to appear in the set.

 Introduced in The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure 

 Risky Business 
Risky Business (voiced by Patton Oswalt) is the main antagonist of The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure. He is Lord Business' older brother (as shown by his similar, yet grey, hairstyle) and he makes an unlicensed theme park called "Brick World".
His plan is to take The Lego Movie characters (except Batman and Vitruvius' ghost) to make his own show, hopefully succeeding where his little brother failed. Upon his defeat, Risky Business tries to get away only to run into the police where they arrest him for illegally making "Brick World".

 Risky Business' Robots 
Risky Business' Robots (voiced by David Burrows) are the robots created by Risky Business in The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure. He entrusts them with giving out the hypnotic passes to Emmet, Wyldstyle, Benny, Unikitty and MetalBeard.

 Man of the Audience 
Man of the Audience (voiced by Rob Schrab) is a person watching The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure. After Unikitty, Benny and Metalbeard get unhypnotized, Emmet confronts him on why he didn't help.

 Police Man 
Police Man (voiced by Adam Pava) is an unnamed police officer in The Lego Movie: 4D – A New Adventure who catches Risky Business and arrests him after he illegally makes "Brick World".

 Introduced in The Lego Batman Movie 

 Robin 
Dick Grayson / Robin (voiced by Michael Cera in The Lego Batman Movie, Robbie Daymond in Lego Dimensions) is an optimistic and joyful kid who admires Batman. When he is accidentally adopted by Batman's alter ego Bruce Wayne and becomes his sidekick, he gets "double the happiness".While Robin doesn't appear in the TV series Unikitty!, the character is alluded, as Unikitty's friends disguise themselves as Robins in the episode BatKitty.

 Batgirl 
Barbara Gordon / Batgirl (voiced by Rosario Dawson in The Lego Batman Movie and Lego Dimensions) is the daughter of Commissioner Jim Gordon. She had cleaned up Gotham City's sister city of Blüdhaven by being both accurate and compassionate. When she becomes police commissioner following her father's retirement, she wants to make changes in Gotham City and teamwork with Batman.While Batgirl doesn't appear in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, it is implied by Batman that they ultimately didn't become a couple.

 Alfred 
Alfred Pennyworth (voiced by Ralph Fiennes in The Lego Batman Movie, The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part and Lego Dimensions) is Bruce Wayne / Batman's butler and wants to help him face his fear of a part of a family again.Alfred also appears in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, helping Batman protect the citizens of Bricksburg as a Master Builder.

 Batcomputer 
The Batcomputer (voiced by Siri) is Batman's supercomputer that resides in the Batcave.

 Gotham City citizens 
Gotham City is a city where Batman lives and is the main setting of The Lego Batman Movie. The following are inhabitants of Gotham City:

 Commissioner Gordon 
Commissioner Jim Gordon (voiced by Héctor Elizondo) is the police commissioner of the Gotham City Police Department and the father of Barbara Gordon.He and the police department arrive outside the location where Joker was going to set off his bomb. After Batman thwarts this plot, Commissioner Jim Gordon is shown hosting his retirement party with everyone in attendance as Commissioner Gordon passes his position over to Barbara. It is mentioned that Jim Gordon will be leaving to go on a jungle safari.

 Chief O'Hara 
Chief O'Hara (voiced by Lauren White) is the police chief of the Gotham City Police Department, she is a genderswapped version of Miles O'Hara from the 1966 series.
During Joker's bomb threat in Gotham City, Chief O'Hara is ordered by Commissioner Gordon to light the Bat-Signal and accompanies Commissioner Gordon to confront Joker and those involved. After Batman thwarts Joker's plot and Commissioner Gordon retires, Chief O'Hara follows the orders given to her by his daughter Barbara.

 Mayor McCaskill 
Mayor McCaskill (voiced by Mariah Carey) is the Mayor of Gotham City.At the time of Joker's bomb threat, Mayor McCaskill is lowered to a pile that the cars of the villain surround. Joker was caught by surprise when he finds out that Mayor McCaskill is actually Batman in disguise. Mayor McCaskill is later seen at Commissioner Gordon's retirement party. When the villains with Joker attack, Barbara Gordon has Chief O'Hara get Mayor McCaskill to safety.

 Other Gotham City civilians 
Aaron Cash – A security guard at Arkham Asylum with a prosthetic hand who originates from the Arkham game series.
Anchorman Phil (voiced by David Burrows) – An anchorman in Gotham City.
Captain Dale (voiced by Todd Hanson) – The co-pilot of the airplane that Joker hijacks. When Pilot Bill asked what happened to Dale, Joker quoted that "Captain Dale had to bail."
Pilot Bill (voiced by Chris McKay) – The pilot of the airplane that Joker hijacks. He isn't frighted by Joker's hijacking because of his claim that Batman will stop him again. In addition, Pilot Bill doesn't know the other villains that are associated with Joker to which Joker quoted that they're real and it's "worth the Google."
Reporter Pippa (voiced by Laura Kightlinger) – A reporter who hosts "Metropolis in Focus" where she interviews Superman about his fight with General Zod and what he knows about the Phantom Zone.

 Phyllis 
Phyllis (voiced by Ellie Kemper in The Lego Batman Movie, Grey Griffin in Lego Dimensions) is the gatekeeper of the Phantom Zone who resembles a classic Lego brick. When someone is sent into the Phantom Zone, she will review their actions.

 Justice League 
The Justice League is a superhero group from DC Comics. They are seen at the 57th Annual Justice League Anniversary Party at the Fortress of Solitude which Batman was not invited to. There is no indication on if any of them are Master Builders or not. Besides Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Flash and Aquaman, among the members of the Justice League are:

 Apache Chief 
Apache Chief is an Apache superhero who can grow in size.

 Black Canary 
Dinah Lance / Black Canary is a superhero with a "canary cry."

 Black Vulcan 
Black Vulcan is a superhero who can manipulate electricity.

 Cyborg 
Victor Stone / Cyborg (voiced by Arif S. Kinchen in the second video game) is a cyborg-themed superhero, a member of the Teen Titans and a member of the current Justice League lineup.
Cyborg makes a non-speaking appearance in The Lego Batman Movie dancing at the annual 57th Justice League party.
Cyborg also makes a cameo appearance in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part going with the Justice League to fight off the Duplo Invasion.

 El Dorado 
El Dorado is a Hispanic superhero who has super-strength and also sports telepathy, teleportation, and the conjuration of illusions and physical inanimate objects.

 Green Arrow 
Oliver Queen / Green Arrow is an archery-themed superhero from Star City.

 Hawkman 
Carter Hall / Hawkman is a hawk-themed superhero from Midway City.

 Hawkgirl 
Shiera Hall / Hawkgirl is a hawk-themed superheroine from Midway City and the partner of Hawkman.

 Martian Manhunter 
J'onn J'onnz / Martian Manhunter is a shapeshifting Green Martian.

 Samurai 
Toshio Eto / Samurai is a Japanese superhero who can manipulate wind, turn invisible, manipulate fire, and cast illusions.

 Wonder Dog 
Wonder Dog is a dog that is associated with the Justice League. He was seen as the DJ at the 57th Annual Justice League Anniversary Party.

 Wonder Twins 
The Wonder Twins consist of Zan and Jayna, two twins from the planet Exxor who use their rings to turn into different things like Zan turning into any form of water and Jayna turning into an animal.

 Gleek 
Gleek is an Exxorian Monkey and the pet of the Wonder Twins.

 Batman Rogues' Gallery 
There are different villains in Gotham City that Batman fights. Some of the villains are:

 The Joker 
The Joker (voiced by Zach Galifianakis in The Lego Batman Movie, André Sogliuzzo in Lego Dimensions) is the "Clown Prince of Crime". He wants to make Batman admit that he is his greatest enemy. His latest scheme to rule Gotham City was to team up with Batman's gallery of villains and threaten to bomb the nuclear power plant, which would sink Gotham into the Infinite Abyss of Nothingness. But as that plan was foiled by the Caped Crusader, he now wants to release the Phantom Zone's greatest criminals in the universe to take over the city.

 Harley Quinn 
Harleen Quinzel / Harley Quinn (voiced by Jenny Slate in The Lego Batman Movie, Margot Rubin in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, Tara Strong in Lego Dimensions) is Joker's partner in crime and girlfriend. She helps him whenever he has a plan.She appears in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part where she is listed as a Master Builder. Her appearance is similar to the depiction of Harley Quinn that is seen in Suicide Squad. When Emmet is looking for help to rescue his friends from General Sweet Mayhem, Harley Quinn stated that any plans to rescue them from the aliens would be a "suicide mission."

 The Penguin 
Oswald Cobblepot / The Penguin (voiced by John Venzon) is a tuxedo-wearing supervillain that uses trick umbrellas and robotic penguins.His sickly appearance, outfit (mainly the spotted tie and fluffy coat), pointed teeth and army of weaponized penguins are based on Danny DeVito's depiction of the character in Batman Returns.

 The Riddler 
Edward Nygma / The Riddler (voiced by Conan O'Brien in The Lego Batman Movie, Roger Craig Smith in Lego Dimensions) is a supervillain who is obsessed with riddles. He was one of the villains invading the Gotham Energy facility. While he was on the road, Riddler placed a giant question mark in front of an unsuspecting driver called Jeff. After Jeff stopped his car, Riddler tore his left arm off with his cane, leaving the car to be hit by a truck that Captain Boomerang and Two-Face had hijacked. He later invades Commissioner Gordon's retirement party with the other villains, but Joker has them all surrender to the police. Confused, Riddler asks "Riddle me this, what just happened?" He later breaks out of Arkham Asylum and teams up with Batman to save the city from the Phantom Zone inmates that Joker released and keep Gotham City from coming apart over the void.

 Catwoman 
Selina Kyle / Catwoman (voiced by Zoë Kravitz in The Lego Batman Movie, Grey Griffin in Lego Dimensions) is a cat-themed cat burglar.

 Two-Face 
Harvey Dent / Two-Face (voiced by Billy Dee Williams in The Lego Batman Movie, Imari Williams in Lego Dimensions) is a disfigured supervillain with a split personality who makes decisions by flipping a double-sided coin.This version of Two-Face is based on Billy Dee Williams' depiction of the character from Batman.

 Scarecrow 
Jonathan Crane / Scarecrow (voiced by Jason Mantzoukas) is a scarecrow-themed supervillain who specializes in fear toxins. At the start of the attack on the Gotham Energy facility where Joker was placing a bomb there, Scarecrow breathed fear gas onto a gate guard while posing as a pizza deliveryman. He is defeated by Batman and escape alongside the others. In the following day, Scarecrow invades the city's winter gala party with the rest of Gotham's villains. He and the rest of them are apprehended by the police when Joker persuaded them to surrender. Later, along with the other city's villains, Scarecrow is recruited by Batman and his allies to work together to send back the escaped villains into the Phantom Zone and save Gotham City. Once Gotham is saved, Batman allows Scarecrow and the rest of his rogues gallery to escape.

 Poison Ivy 
Pamela Isley / Poison Ivy (voiced by Riki Lindhome) is a plant-themed supervillain that can control plants and poison her victims with a kiss.

 Mr. Freeze 
Victor Fries / Mr. Freeze (voiced by David Burrows) is a freeze gun-wielding supervillain that wears a refrigerated suit that enables him to survive in temperatures about −50 degrees. In this film, he rides around in a 15 ft. exo-suit that has its own freeze gun.

 Bane 
Bane (voiced by Doug Benson) is a supervillain that gets stronger with a chemical called Venom.His fur trench coat and voice is based on Tom Hardy's depiction of the character in The Dark Knight Rises.

 Killer Croc 
Waylon Jones / Killer Croc (voiced by Matt Villa) is a mutated humanoid crocodile-themed supervillain.

 Clayface 
Basil Karlo / Clayface (voiced by Kate Micucci) is a gigantic shapeshifting supervillain with a pliable clay-like body which he can morph his limbs into weapons.

 Additional Batman villains 
The rest of the Batman villains listed here appear with minor roles.

Calculator – A calculator-themed supervillain that can project hard light constructs from his keypad.
Calendar Man – A calendar-themed supervillain who mostly commits crimes during holidays or significant dates.
Captain Boomerang – A boomerang-wielding enemy of the Flash.
Catman – Another cat-themed supervillain.
Clock King – A clock-themed supervillain and enemy of Green Arrow.
Condiment King – A supervillain with a condiment arsenal. This version is based on the Condiment King from Batman: The Animated Series.
Crazy Quilt – A colorful supervillain who went insane from a procedure which makes him only see bright colors.
Doctor Phosphorus – A supervillain that is surrounded by fire that shows his skeleton.
Egghead – A criminal mastermind with an egg-shaped head.
Eraser – A pencil-themed supervillain that can rub out anything with his helmet.
Gentleman Ghost – A ghostly gentleman supervillain and enemy of Hawkman.
Hugo Strange – A mad scientist who obsesses over finding out Batman's identity through the use of hypnosis and his Monster Men.
The Kabuki Twins – Twin Japanese kabuki warriors from The Batman.
Killer Moth – A moth-themed supervillain.
King Tut – A deluded pharaoh-themed supervillain who believes that he is the reincarnation of the famed ruler of Ancient Egypt.
Kite Man – A kite-themed supervillain.
Magpie – A female supervillain who is obsessed with shiny objects.
Man-Bat – A mutated humanoid bat supervillain.
March Harriet – A female supervillain who is patterned after the March Hare, she occasionally affiliates herself with the Mad Hatter.
Mime – A mime-themed supervillain that is equipped with shock gloves.
Mutant Leader – A villain from The Dark Knight Returns who is the leader of a gang called the Mutants.
Orca (voiced by Laura Kightlinger) – a killer whale-themed supervillain.
Polka-Dot Man – A polka dot-motive supervillain.
Red Hood – A supervillain in a red-domed helmet.
Tarantula – A female spider-themed supervillain and enemy of Nightwing.
Zebra-Man – A striped villain in a mohawk with power over diamagnetism.
Zodiac Master – A zodiac-themed villain who creates predictions for other criminals.

 Phantom Zone Inmates 
In the Lego universe, the Phantom Zone is used to imprison the most dangerous villains of the Lego universe with some of the DC Comics ones being the major ones. The Phantom Zone inmates that Joker allies with have been sorted in the cast list as "The Ubers." Besides a Swamp Creature and Medusa, among the known inmates are:

 Agent Smith 
Agent Smith (voiced by Christopher Corey Smith in Lego Dimensions) is a program turned virus from The Matrix franchise, he is accompanied by his horde of duplicates that he assimilated into his likeness.

 Bruce 
Bruce is the man-eating great white shark from Jaws.

 Daleks 
The Daleks are a race of robotic aliens from Doctor Who who are bent on exterimenting all life to become "the supreme beings" of the universe. Although they are depicted with the brilliant colours of the 2010 New Paradigm Daleks (debuting in the episode "Victory of the Daleks"), their shapes seem to resemble those of the classic 1963 Skaro Daleks (debuting in the serial The Daleks).

 Dinosaurs 
The Dinosaurs are prehistoric reptiles genetically cloned in the Jurassic Park movies, they mainly consist of a Tyrannosaurus rex and a pack of Velociraptors, but unlike in the original film have the ability to speak.

 Evil Mummy 
The Evil Mummy is a mummy from Lego Monster Fighters that is a servant of Lord Vampyre.

 Gremlins 
The Gremlins are a race of small scaly green creatures from the Gremlins franchise that create a path of mayhem and destruction, one of them is called Stripe (as recognized by his white mohawk) who acts as their pack leader.

 King Kong 
King Kong (voiced by Seth Green) is a giant gorilla that comes from Skull Island that has a habit of climbing tall buildings. During Joker's campaign to take over Gotham City, King Kong destroys one of the skyscrapers that Batman and the others hide in. King Kong is later defeated and sent back to the Phantom Zone.

 The Kraken 
The Kraken (vocal effects provided by Frank Welker in Lego Dimensions) is a giant sea monster from the Clash of the Titans franchise. During the attack on Gotham City, the Kraken tries to shoot down the Batwing and accidentally hits Sauron. The Kraken is equally shocked at what happened to Sauron like the other Phantom Zone villains and slips away stating "nothing to see here". The Kraken was later defeated by Mr. Freeze and Clayface and later sent back to the Phantom Zone.

 Lord Vampyre 
Lord Vampyre is a vampire from Lego Monster Fighters who wanted to eclipse the Sun forever to take over the world.

 Lord Voldemort 
Lord Voldemort (voiced by Eddie Izzard in The Lego Batman Movie, Liam O'Brien in Lego Dimensions) is an evil wizard who is the leader of the Death Eaters. He is among the Phantom Zone inhabitants that assists Joker in his attack on Gotham City. During the fight against Batman, Robin, Batgirl, Alfred Pennyworth, and Gotham City's native villains, Voldemort is defeated by Batgirl and Catwoman where he is the first villain sent back to the Phantom Zone.

 Sauron 
Sauron (voiced by Jemaine Clement) is a Dark Lord that comes from Middle-earth. In this film, he is depicted in his tower design. Sauron causes mayhem in the city by spreading lava and supports the takeover by being able to find anyone anywhere. He is accidentally destroyed by fire blast from the Kraken. The other villains are horrified by this and the Joker cries out Sauron's name in anguish as he mourns his dead friend. The Kraken who is equally shocked by what he did to Sauron and quietly slips away stating "nothing to see here."

 Wicked Witch of the West 
The Wicked Witch of the West (voiced by Riki Lindhome) is an evil witch from the Land of Oz, she is assisted by her army of bird-winged Flying Monkeys.

 General Zod 
General Zod is a Kryptonian from Krypton and an enemy of Superman. He was seen in archive footage on "Metropolis in Focus" being defeated by Superman and banished to the Phantom Zone. General Zod was not seen when Joker arrives in the Phantom Zone, but was seen with Joker and the Phantom Zone inmates surrounding Batman in Wayne Manor.
In The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part, it was mentioned by Aquaman that General Zod is in Harmony Town and had just made a leaf walk.
His appearance is based on Terence Stamp's portrayal of the character in Superman and Superman II.

 Skeleton Warriors 
The Skeleton Warriors are Skeletons from Jason and the Argonauts. Numerous Skeletons attacked the Batwing.

 Introduced in The Lego Ninjago Movie 

 Lloyd 
Lloyd Garmadon / Green Ninja (voiced by Dave Franco) is the main character and protagonist of The Lego Ninjago Movie. He is the leader of the Secret Ninja Force who goes under the alias The Green Ninja. He is the son of Misako and the evil Lord Garmadon.
Lloyd Garmadon was previously seen in The Lego Movie among the Master Builders that meet in Cloud Cuckoo Land where Vitruvius referred to him as the Green Ninja.

 Kai 
Kai / Fire Ninja (voiced by Michael Peña) is the outgoing and enthusiastic Red Ninja of Fire. He is fiercely loyal to his fellow ninjas, particularly Lloyd and his sister Nya. His vehicle is a humanoid mech with flamethrower arms known as the Fire Mech.

 Cole 
Cole / Earth Ninja (voiced by Fred Armisen) is the music-loving Black Ninja of Earth. His vehicle is a mech supported by one wheel and armed with powerful weaponized speakers known as the Quake Mech.

 Jay 
Jay / Lightning Ninja (voiced by Kumail Nanjiani) is the nervous Blue Ninja of Lightning. He comes from a close family and tries to make Lloyd feel better as a result. Jay harbors a crush for Nya, but he is interrupted every time he gets the courage to tell her his feelings for her. His vehicle is an aerial vehicle known as the Lightning Jet.

 Zane 
Zane / Ice Ninja (voiced by Zach Woods) is an intelligent, logical and methodical android who is the White Ninja of Ice. His vehicle is a tank armed with a freeze ray known as the Ice Tank.

 Nya 
Nya / Water Ninja (voiced by Abbi Jacobson) is the strong-willed, confident and motivated Ninja of Water and Kai's sister. Her mech is a robotic spider-like mech known as the Water Strider. By the end of the film, Koko and Nya opened a school to teach former shark generals life skills.

 Master Wu 
Master Wu (voiced by Jackie Chan) is the wise-cracking master and mentor of the six ninjas. He hopes for them to rely less on their mechs and more on themselves and each other.
In The Master short film, Master Wu tries using his super sweet moves to throw red bricks on the wall to spell out "The Master", but he keeps being interrupted by a chicken.

 Lord Garmadon 
Lord Garmadon (voiced by Justin Theroux) is an evil warlord who is the father of Lloyd Garmadon and the brother of Master Wu. He leads an army of aquatic-themed villains known as the Shark Army. He is impatient, impulsive and self-absorbed.

 Misako Garmadon 
Misako "Koko" Garmadon / Lady Iron Dragon (voiced by Olivia Munn) is Lloyd's compassionate mother and Garmadon's ex-wife. She fell in love with Garmadon on a battlefield due to them both being somewhat warlords, and they eventually married. Though she eventually realized the she did not want her son to have a warlord's life. As a result, Misako left him and took Lloyd with in hopes of giving him a normal life. She is nicknamed Koko by Garmadon. By the end of the film, Koko and Nya opened a school to teach former shark generals life skills.

 Shark Army 
The Shark Army is an army of sea creature-themed soldiers that work for Lord Garmadon. Most of its members wear masks that are similar to sea creatures. Any general that disappoints Lord Garmadon or angers him literally gets fired and is ejected from his volcano lair by being shot out of the volcano and the next general will become the General No. 1. Among its members are:

General Olivia (voiced by Ali Wong) – The fish-themed general of Garmadon's Shark Army. She was the successor of the original General No. 1. Due to the lack of progress of the Shark Army finding the Ninjas and Master Wu, Lord Garmadon fired her. General Olivia led the other fired generals in a plan to get revenge on Lord Garmadon. By the end of the film, Olivia and the other fired generals attend a school opened by Koko and Nya to learn life skills.
General Omar (voiced by Todd Hansen) – The shark-themed general of Garmadon's Shark Army. He was among the generals who were fired by Lord Garmadon.
General Jollty (voiced by Doug Nicholas) – The jellyfish-themed general of Garmadon's Shark Army. He is a version of Shark Army Jelly that wears a general outfit.
General Bob – A shark-themed general of Garmadon's Shark Army who was among the generals that were fired by Lord Garmadon. After Lord Garmadon and Lloyd were captured by the fired generals, Lord Garmadon tried to order them to release them as Bob quotes "I can't hear you." Another fired general states that Bob literally can't hear because the result of him being shot out of Lord Garmadon's volcano disabled his eardrums.
Private Puffer – A pufferfish-themed private of Garmadon's Shark Army in an orange pufferfish helmet.
Crusher – A lobster-themed member of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Crusty – A lobster-themed member of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Great White – A great white shark-themed member of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Hammer Head – A hammerhead shark-themed member of Garmadon's Shark Army. His Minifigure head is a reused version of Karlof's head.
Puffer – A pufferfish-themed member of Garmadon's Shark Army in a gray jumpsuit/armor.
Angler General – An anglerfish-themed general of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Puffer General – A pufferfish-themed general of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Narwhal Soldier – A narwhal-themed soldier of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Shark Army Angler – The anglerfish-themed foot soldiers of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Shark Army Gunner – The foot soldiers of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Shark Army Jelly – The jellyfish-themed foot soldiers of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Shark Army Octopus – The octopus-themed foot soldiers of Garmadon's Shark Army.
Shark Army Thug – The foot soldiers of Garmadon's Shark Army.

 IT Nerds 
The IT Nerds were a group of people who designed Lord Garmadon's vehicles.

Asimov (voiced by Vanara Taing) – Asimov had balding hair and wore a white jacket.
Terri (voiced by Charlyne Yi) – Terri had a brown Afro and wore a Hawaiian shirt under her white jacket.
GPL Tech – GPL Tech held a laptop and had a Batman top on. She was included in the LEGO Ninjago Movie minifigure series.

 Fuchsia Ninja 
Fuchsia Ninja (voiced by David Burrows) is a ninja who has the "element of surprise." When Lloyd asks why he can't be the one with the "element of surprise", Master Wu states that the Fuchsia Ninja has it as the Fuchsia Ninja suddenly appears and surprises them.

 Chad the Cheerleader 
Chad (voiced by Randall Park) is a male cheerleader at Ninjago High School. When he and some cheerleaders created a cheer titled "Boo Lloyd" because of his father's actions, Lloyd sarcastically replied that they have a No. 1 hit on their hands, but they take it seriously and soon sang it on the radio which later produced a remix. During the confrontation with Meowthra, Chad was among the Ninjago City civilians who saw Lloyd Garmadon unmask himself and were surprised at it.

 Maggie the Cheerleader 
Maggie (voiced by Retta) is a female cheerleader at Ninjago High School who is friends with Chad.

 Mrs. Laudita 
Mrs. Laudita (voiced by Laura Kightlinger) is a teacher at Ninjago High School. When Lord Garmadon attacks, the Ninjas had to be asked to have a bathroom pass so that they can secretly leave to fight Garmadon. She corrects the term "Can I have a bathroom pass?" with "May I" before telling 
them to go.

 N-POP Girl 
The N-POP Girl is a small child who lived in Ninjago City. She wore a pink, white and yellow dress which had Unikitty on and held a pink teddy bear.

 Gong Guitar Rocker 
The Gong Guitar Rocker is bearded man who plays guitar. He has a red T-shirt with a skull on it and lives in Ninjago City.

 Sushi Chef 
This Sushi Chef was seen at the end of the movie to be making sushi for Lloyd and Garmadon.

 Mayor of Ninjago 
The Mayor of Ninjago (voiced by Constance Wu) is the unnamed mayor of Ninjago City.

 Snake Army 
An army of humanoid snakes that appeared in Garmadon's flashback, originally they were going to reside in the Jungle of Lost Souls when Lloyd and Master Wu fight them across a bridge, they are inspired by the Serpentine from the original series.

 Skeleton Army 
An army of animated skeletons led by Garmadon that appeared in his flashback of how he met Koko, they are inspired by the Skulkin from the original series.

 Michael Strahan 
A Lego caricature of Michael Strahan (voiced by Himself) is a known media personality and former member of the New York Giants. He and Robin Roberts do reports on the heroic activities of the ninjas and Lord Garmadon's attacks on "Good Morning Ninjago."
In the UK version, he is replaced by a Lego caricature of Ben Shephard (voiced by Himself).

 Robin Roberts 
A Lego caricature of Robin Roberts (voiced by Herself) is a known newscaster. She and Michael Strahan do reports on the heroic activities of the ninjas and Lord Garmadon's attacks on "Good Morning Ninjago."
In the UK version, she is replaced by a Lego caricature of Kate Garraway (voiced by Herself).

 Mr. Liu 
Mr. Liu (portrayed by Jackie Chan) is a shopkeeper that appears in the film's live-action sequence. He tells a young boy about Ninjago. After the story has ended, Mr. Liu plans to train the boy in the art of the ninja.

 Meowthra 
Meowthra (portrayed by Pearl and Ruby) is a live-action cat. It was attracted to Ninjago when Lloyd Garmadon used the forbidden Ultimate Weapon (which is a laser pointer) where it starts causing havoc by destroying Ninjago to get to the laser. Garmadon later tries to control Meowthra with the Ultimate Ultimate Weapon (which consists of some trinkets), but Meowthra eats Garmadon instead. Lloyd later confronts Meowthra and tells Garmadon he forgives him and that he's sorry. Garmadon cries tears of fire, which causes Meowthra to spit him out. In the aftermath of the battle, Meowthra becomes the mascot of Ninjago.

 Introduced in Unikitty! 

 Puppycorn 
Puppycorn (voiced by Grey Griffin) is Unikitty's younger brother and the rightful Prince of Unikingdom. Whereas she is shown to be a unicorn/cat hybrid, her brother is hybrid between a unicorn and a dog. Although he tends to be dim-witted, he usually means very well.
He makes a non-speaking cameo in The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part during Queen Watevra Wa-Nabi's "Not Evil" song sequence.

 Hawkodile 
Hawkodile (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) is a hawk/crocodile who is Unikitty's trusty bodyguard. Hawkodile also has a rival called Eagleator (voiced by Keith Ferguson), an eagle/alligator hybrid and his former best friend, who wants to beat him and take his shades after they were awarded to Hawkodile by their martial arts mentor instead of him.

 Dr. Fox 
Dr. Fox (voiced by Kate Micucci) is the residential scientist of the castle and Hawkodile's love interest.

 Richard 
Richard (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) is a 1x3 grey Lego Brick, who's Unikitty's royal adviser and the castle caretaker that speaks with a dull monotone voice.

 Master Frown 
Master Frown (voiced by Eric Bauza) is the main villain of the series and the nemesis of Unikitty who comes from Frown Town which is on the other side of the Unikingdom. He is one of the Doom Lords, a group of villains that spread pain and misery throughout the world. In the series finale, he betrays the Doom Lords after realizing they were never his friends and he, with Unikitty and the rest of the gang, form the Friendship Circle, which is a heart that turns into a beam that shoots Master Doom.

 Brock 
Brock (voiced by H. Michael Croner) is a close friend, roommate, and assistant to Master Frown. Brock would often hang around his apartment playing video games than help Master Frown with his plots. The only time he gets angry is when Master Frown neglects his part of the chores.

 Doom Lords 
The Doom Lords are a group of villainous individuals that Master Frown is a part of that make their lair in a tall building in Frown Town. They are the overarching antagonists of the series.

Master Doom (voiced by Grey Griffin) – Master Doom is the leader of the Doom Lords. She has a tendency to chastise Master Frown for his various failures and appears menacing to the other Doom Lords. She seems to possess heterochromia.
Master Papercuts – Master Papercuts is a member of the Doom Lords. He is the butt of the jokes and claims to do a better job than Master Frown.
Master Malice – A member of the Doom Lords with large green horns.
Master Hazard (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) – A member of the Doom Lords with a fiery head and bat-like wings. He once burned down the Candy Corn Kingdom.
Master Misery (voiced by Tara Strong) – A member of the Doom Lords with an olive-green diamond-shaped face and dark blue hair obscuring the eyes.
Master Fear (voiced by Eric Bauza) – A member of the Doom Lords with a light blue water drop-shaped face and hollow eye sockets.
Master Pain (voiced by Grey Griffin) – A female member of the Doom Lords with a noh mask-like face.
Master Plague – A member of the Doom Lords with a green bird-like head and large eyes.

 Unikingdom inhabitants 
The following characters are citizens of the Unikingdom:

Alert Siren (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) – A siren attached to a pole that notifies the Unikingdom when danger is approaching.
Beatsby – A boombox with tiny-rounded arms and legs. His toy counterpart has no arms and legs.
Beau (voiced by Tara Strong) – A rectangular creature with short legs and armless hands.
Bim-Bom Liebowitz (voiced by H. Michael Croner when speaking, Roger Craig Smith when coughing) – An anthropomorphic green garbage bag.
Brennan Gerry – An ice cream cone who works as Unikingdom's residential ice cream vendor.
Burger Person (voiced by Tara Strong) – A cheeseburger citizen of Unikingdom who dislikes being eaten.
Buzz – A creature with a blue square head and a yellow rectangular body who moves around on a skateboard.
Cloudbarry – A cloud citizen of the Unikingdom. He is spelled "Cloud Berry" in the toyline.
Connected Citizens – A duo that consists of a lime slope with arms and a rectangle with legs.
Craig (voiced by Tara Strong) – A female moose farmer that grows pizza and other foods on her farm.
Crazy Chicken – A chicken crafted out of a single brick.
Dainty (voiced by Grey Griffin) – A circular-headed citizen with rectangular arms.
Diane – A circular creature with folding arms and a suction cup for legs.
Dino Dude (voiced by Grey Griffin in 2017–2018, Eric Bauza in 2018) – An Australian-accented Tyrannosaurus with wheels instead of legs.
Eagleator (voiced by Keith Ferguson) – Hawkodile's former best friend and arch rival.
FeeBee (voiced by Grey Griffin) – A flower/bumblebee creature who runs "FeeBee's Flower Shop."
Gizmo – A robotic creature with antennae, pincers for hands, and wheels for legs. He also has a yellow variant.
Glandrea – A double-tiered citizen whose top part resembles a hill and boot-shaped feet.
Hominid – A genderless alien that moves around in a UFO.
Kickflip (voiced by Tara Strong in most episodes, Grey Griffin in "Little Prince Puppycorn") – A skateboard-riding square.
Kite Trio – A trio of living kites.
Bee Kite (voiced by Grey Griffin) – A bumblebee kite.
Kate Kite (voiced by Tara Strong) – A female red kite with a necktie-like tail.
Octo Kite (voiced by Grey Griffin) – A purple octopus kite with four arms.
Ladybug – An unnamed ladybug who Puppycorn tends to trip over.
M'Ladybug (voiced by Tara Strong) – A ladybug with a purple shell.
Old Timey Mustache Man (voiced by Eric Bauza) – A lime disc-headed gentleman with a handlebar mustache who resides in Unikingdom.
Penny – A green creature in full gray-armor who works at the Unikingdom's Toy Zone.
Q.T. (voiced by Tara Strong) – A pink oval-headed citizen of Unikingdom.
Rascal (voiced by Kate Micucci) – An orange cylinder with rectangular arms.
Sebastian – Rascal's pet lizard.
Really Old Edith (voiced by Grey Griffin) – A hunched over figure who is one of the oldest citizens of the Unikingdom.
Rock Guy – A seemingly-inanimate rock that is Puppycorn's friend.
Ryott (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) – A green square frog who screams instead of speaking.
Score Creeper (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) – A hooded shadowy figure who traps Unikitty and her friends in various type of games.
Slobodan (voiced by Tara Strong) – A cylinder-shaped citizen of Unikingdom with boot-shaped feet.
Sssnake (voiced by H. Michael Croner) – A snake in a bowler hat made up of rectangles with a triangle-tipped tail.
Squarebear – A brown bear with a rectangular body, slope-shaped ears, and rectangular feet. There is also a pink variant of Squarebear.
Stellacopter – A purple creature with round hands that wears a fez that has a helicopter-like blade on it.
Stocko (voiced by Kate Miccuci) – A teal rectangle with arms and a bowler hat.
Ted Butter (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) – A duck-like citizen with a vertical rectangle head.
Theodore (voiced by Roger Craig Smith) – A brown bear with a smooth voice, a square head, long arms, and short legs.
Tigerlope – A tiger/antelope creature.
Toaster and Toast (voiced by Roger Craig Smith and H. Michael Croner) – A duo that consists of a toaster and a toast with arms that rides in him. They are sometimes referred to as the "Toast Bros."
Trevor – A cat-like creature with flower petals surrounding his head.

 See also 
The Lego Movie (Lego theme)
The Lego Batman Movie (Lego theme)
The Lego Ninjago Movie (Lego theme)
Lego Unikitty!
Lego Minifigures (theme)
Lego Batman
Lego Super Heroes
Lego Ninjago
Lego The Lord of the Rings
Lego Harry Potter

 References 

 External links 
Official The Lego Movie website at Lego.com
Official The Lego Movie 2 website at Lego.com
Official Lego Batman Movie website at Lego.com
Official Lego Ninjago website at Lego.com

The Black Echo
The Black Echo is the 1992 debut novel by American crime author Michael Connelly. It is the first book in Connelly's series centered on Los Angeles Police Department homicide detective Harry Bosch. The book won the Mystery Writers of America Edgar Award for "Best First Novel" in 1992.

 Explanation of the title 
Bosch served in the Vietnam War as a "tunnel rat" (nicknamed Hara Kiri Bosch) with the 1st Infantry Division — a specialized soldier whose job it was to go into the maze of tunnels used as barracks, hospitals, and on some occasions, morgues, by the Vietcong and North Vietnamese Army. "The black echo" was a catchphrase developed by Bosch and several other soldiers in his unit, referring to the unique atmosphere of fear and uncertainty they experienced underground.

 Plot Summary 
After serving in Vietnam, Bosch became an LAPD detective advancing to the Robbery-Homicide Division.  However, after killing the main suspect in the "Dollmaker" serial killings, Bosch was demoted to the Hollywood Division's homicide bureau, where he sometimes partners with Detective Jerry Edgar.
Bosch's interest is sparked by the death of Billy Meadows, a fellow tunnel rat from the war who Bosch was friendly with.  Based on his military history, Bosch suspects that his death may be connected to a spectacular bank robbery that occurred the previous month, in which the thieves used tunnels.  Because bank robbery is a federal crime, he approaches the FBI's Los Angeles office and is introduced to Special Agent-In-Charge John Rourke and his subordinate, Agent Eleanor Wish.  Conceding that Bosch may have useful insight into the case, Rourke invites Bosch and Wish to temporarily partner up, with Bosch's superiors' reluctant agreement.  Bosch and Wish grow closer and eventually become lovers.
Bosch and Wish track Meadows's recent movements to "Charlie Company", a halfway house for traumatized Vietnam veterans, from which two other members of Meadows's old company have recently gone missing.  They also discover a connection with two Vietnamese expatriates who were high-ranking police officials in Saigon, who emigrated to the United States shortly before the end of the war.  An associate of Wish's (implied to be an officer of the CIA) tells Bosch and Wish that, in exchange for their help during the war, the U.S. government helped the Vietnamese policemen to convert their assets into diamonds (now worth several million dollars) and helped them emigrate.  Bosch guesses that the diamonds were being kept in safe deposit boxes in at least two locations, and the thieves are now targeting the second one, which they identify by following the second Vietnamese man, Tranh.
Rourke organizes a surveillance team and SWAT unit to discreetly watch the second vault location in Beverly Hills.  Unfortunately, two Internal Affairs detectives who have been following Bosch mistake his surveillance for complicity in the robbery, and insist on opening the vault, interrupting the thieves in the process.  One of the detectives is shot dead and the other is put into a coma.  Bosch fires at the two thieves and follows them down into their tunnel, but is wounded in the shoulder by the thieves' mastermind: Rourke, who was a MP officer in Vietnam who worked with the government to convert the diamonds and assist with the emigration.  Meadows was killed because he couldn't resist pawning a jade bracelet that was taken during the first heist.  Now Rourke's other accomplices have been killed, and he is about to kill Harry, when he is shot dead by Wish, who followed Bosch down.
While recovering in the hospital, Bosch remembers Rourke saying something about his "share" of the heist being bigger thanks to the deaths of his two accomplices, but he didn't say he was keeping everything, meaning he had at least one other accomplice who is still at large.  Bosch confronts Wish, who admits to being the accomplice.
Wish always believed her older brother was killed in Vietnam, until the Memorial in Washington, D.C. was unveiled and his name was not listed on it.  When her parents refused to tell her the truth, she investigated on her own and found that he returned to the United States on leave and was killed in Los Angeles.  He had stumbled onto Rourke's scheme to convert the diamonds and planned to demand a cut, only Rourke killed him.  Wish didn't want any share of the heist, she only wanted revenge on Rourke and the others.  When she discovered Rourke was also in the FBI, she maneuvered herself into the Los Angeles office and subtly influenced him into planning the heist (since Wish is her married name, Rourke never realized whose sister she was).  Wish pleads with Bosch that no one was supposed to get hurt, she only wanted to give Rourke and the others a "taste" of the ultimate score, before sending them to prison for the rest of their lives.  She also swears that their affair was not part of her plan, and her affection for him is real.
Wish tells Bosch that he doesn't have enough evidence for her to be convicted; he tells her she's right, but he gives her an ultimatum: turn herself in and confess, or he will share the details with the Vietnamese men, who will come after her on their own terms.  When she asks why, he says that someone has to answer for "Sharkey", a teenaged informant who assisted their early investigation but, thanks to her, was identified by Rourke and killed.  She agrees, and later, a prosecutor from the U.S. Attorney's Office meets with Bosch to confirm the particulars of Wish's confession, and to confide that she will probably serve no more than thirty months in prison, since she did not carry out any of the murders herself.  As a farewell gift, Wish sends Bosch her print of Edward Hopper's Nighthawks which he was admiring in her home, and he identifies with the man sitting at the extreme left of the painting, alone.

 Adaptation 
Season 3 of the Amazon series Bosch is loosely adapted from this novel. After Harry captures a suspect, Detective Bosch tells him, "I'm going to make sure you live the rest of your life in the black echo."

 Awards 
The Black Echo won the 1993 Edgar Award for "Best First Novel" and was also nominated for the Anthony Award in the same category and the Dilys Award for "Best Novel".

 References 

Lafayette G. Pool
Lafayette Green Pool (July 23, 1919 – May 30, 1991) was an American tank-crew and tank-platoon commander in World War II and is widely recognized as the US tank ace of aces, credited with 12 confirmed tank kills and 258 total armored vehicle and self-propelled gun kills, over 1,000 German soldiers killed and 250 more taken as prisoners of war, accomplished in only 81 days of action from June 27 to September 19, 1944, using three different Shermans. He received many medals and decorations, including the Distinguished Service Cross, the Legion of Merit, the Silver Star, the Purple Heart, the Belgian fourragère, and the French Legion of Honour.

 Early life 
Lafayette Green Pool was born in Odem, Texas, on July 23, 1919. He had a twin brother, John Thomas, (who served in the Navy during World War II) and a sister, Tennie Mae. Lafayette attended high school in Taft, Texas, graduating in 1938; he later attended Texas College of Arts and Industries in Kingsville, Texas, studying engineering and participated very successfully in amateur boxing. Pool left college after one year when he was inducted into the military in the summer of 1941.

 World War II service 
Pool was drafted into the United States Army on June 14, 1941, from Fort Sam Houston in his native Texas and assigned to the new 3rd Armored Division. Pool married Evelyn Wright while on leave in December 1942. While undergoing training at the Desert Training Center and Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania, Pool was noted as a very aggressive sergeant, always wanting the best from his men; he even refused a commission as an officer so he could remain close to the front. Pool was promoted to staff sergeant and deployed overseas with the 3rd Armored Division in September 1943.

Pool served with the 3rd Platoon of Company I, 32nd Armored Regiment, 3rd Armored Division, in France between June and September 1944. He successively commanded three Sherman tanks; an M4A1, and two M4A1(76)Ws, all of which bore the nickname "IN THE MOOD" (they were not suffixed with a letter or Roman numeral). He kept the same crew throughout the majority of the war. Corporal Wilbert "Red" Richards was the driver, Private First Class Bertrand "School Boy" Close the assistant driver and bow gunner, Corporal Willis "Ground Hog" Oller the gunner, and Technician Fifth Grade Delbert "Jailbird" Boggs the loader.Pool's first tank, an M4A1, lasted from June 23 until June 29, when Combat Command A (CCA) attacked for the first time at Villiers-Fossard. It was hit by a Panzerfaust, forcing Pool and his crew to bail out of the stricken tank. His second tank, his first M4A1(76)W, lasted from around July 1 to August 17, when he was leading CCA in clearing remaining German forces from the village of Fromental. This tank was knocked out by friendly fire from a Lockheed P-38 Lightning. His third and last tank, another M4A1(76)W, was destroyed on the night of September 19, 1944, while CCA was attempting to penetrate the Siegfried Line at Münsterbusch, southeast of Aachen, Germany. The tank was hit by an ambushing Panther, and while Pool's driver was trying to back his damaged Sherman up, the Panther hit it a second time. Positioned precariously on the edge of a ditch, the tank was tipped over by the second round. The round killed Pool's replacement gunner, Private First Class Paul Kenneth King, (Corporal Oller had been temporarily transferred back to the United States) and threw Pool out of the commander's hatch, severely injuring him in the leg with shrapnel. The leg was so badly mangled that it later had to be amputated eight inches (20 cm) above the knee. As a result, Pool would not return to amateur boxing after the war.

 Honors and awards 

 Later life and death 
After 22 months of rehabilitation and being fitted with a prosthesis, Pool opened a filling station and garage at his home in Sinton, Texas, followed by several other businesses, before he re-enlisted in the Army and went into the Transportation Corps. With the intervention of General Roderick R. Allen, he finally managed to "come home" to the 3rd Armored Division in 1948, where he became an instructor in automotive mechanics.He retired from the U.S. Army on September 19, 1960, with the rank of Chief Warrant Officer Two at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. Afterwards he went to business college, followed by a job as a preacher for $25.00 a week. He also coached Little League Baseball.Pool died in his sleep on May 30, 1991, in Killeen, Texas, at the age of 71. He is interred at Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery in San Antonio, Texas. He was survived by his wife Evelyn, four sons and four daughters. 
His son, Captain Jerry Lynn Pool, Sr., was declared missing in action during the Vietnam War in 1970. According to the U.S. Army, on March 24, 1970, Captain Pool was a team leader in the 5th Special Forces Group, and was being extracted by a Bell UH-1 Iroquois helicopter from 14 miles inside Ratanakiri province in Cambodia. As the helicopter began its ascent, it was hit by enemy fire, exploded, and crashed, killing Pool and six other soldiers instantly. Pool's remains were recovered on April 12, 1995, and identified on June 20, 2001. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

 See also 
Sydney Valpy Radley-Walters – tanker ace of aces for the World War II Western Front Allies
Tank ace

 References 

 External links 
Enlistment records of Lafayette G. Pool

Taylour Stevens
Taylour Stevens (born August 31, 2000) is a Canadian curler from Chester, Nova Scotia. She is currently the alternate on Team Heather Smith. In 2022, she skipped her team to victory at the 2022 Canadian Junior Curling Championships.

 Career 
Stevens was a member of the Cally Moore rink which represented Nova Scotia at the 2019 Canada Winter Games. They finished the round robin in fourth with a 6–4 record, qualifying them for the playoff round. They defeated Saskatchewan's Skylar Ackerman in the quarterfinals before being eliminated by eventual winners Ontario in the semifinal. They were able to pick up the bronze medal by defeating New Brunswick's Erica Cluff. This same team represented Nova Scotia later that year at the 2019 Canadian U18 Curling Championships but failed to advance to the knockout round after a 2–4 round robin record.
Stevens won the Nova Scotia Junior Women's Championship in 2020 skipping her own team with Lindsey Burgess, Kate Callaghan and Cate Fitzgerald. The team went undefeated throughout the tournament and defeated Stevens' former teammate Moore in the final. At nationals, Stevens skipped her team to an impressive 8–2 record throughout pool play, clinching them a playoff berth. Things wouldn't go their way in the semifinal however, losing to Alberta's Abby Marks in an extra end.
Lindsey Burgess aged out of juniors following the 2019–20 season, so the team brought on Lauren Ferguson as their new third for the abbreviated 2020–21 season. They only played in one event, finishing 1–2 at The Curling Store Cashspiel. Kate Callaghan then aged out of juniors and was replaced by Alison Umlah at the second position. The Stevens rink was chosen to represent Nova Scotia at the 2021 World Junior Qualification Event for the chance to represent Canada at the 2022 World Junior Curling Championships. Through the round robin, Stevens led Nova Scotia to a 4–1 record and then defeated Manitoba's Meghan Walter in the quarterfinal. They then lost to eventual champions Northern Ontario's Isabelle Ladouceur 6–3 in the semifinal. In December 2021, the team played in the 2022 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts where they finished in third place with a 4–3 record. Team Stevens was again chosen to represent Nova Scotia at the 2022 Canadian Junior Curling Championships following the cancellation of the provincial playdowns. There, Stevens led her team to an undefeated 8–0 round robin record to qualify for the playoffs. They then beat Alberta's Claire Booth in the semifinal to qualify for the final against Ontario's Emily Deschenes. Tied in the tenth end, Stevens made an open hit to secure the victory for her team 7–5. Because of her age, Stevens was ineligible to play as a junior during the 2022–23 season. Her team recruited Emily Deschenes, who they beat in the 2022 Canadian junior final, to replace Stevens as skip for the season. Stevens remained with the team in a support role and playing as alternate in womens events. The team represented Canada at the 2023 World Junior B Curling Championship in Lohja, Finland and went undefeated beating Scotland's Fay Henderson in the Final winning gold and qualifying for the 2023 World Junior Curling Championship in Fussen, Germany.

 Personal life 
Stevens is currently a commerce student at Saint Mary's University.

 Teams 

 References 

 External links 

2022 Tampines Rovers FC season
The 2022 season is Tampines Rovers's 27th season at the top level of Singapore football and 77th year in existence as a football club. The club will also compete in the Singapore League Cup, the Singapore Cup, and the AFC Cup. 

 Squad 

 Singapore Premier League 
As of Oct 21, 2021

 U21 
As of Oct 2, 2021

 U17 
As of Oct 2, 2021

 Women (JSSL Tampines) 
As of Oct 2, 2021Signed for 2023 Season

 Coaching staff 

 Transfers 

 In 
Pre-season

Mid-season

 Loan Return 
Pre-season

Note 1: 

 Out 
Pre-season

 Loan Out 
Mid-season

 Extension and retained 

Note 1: Shah Shahiran currently with Young Lions due to his NS commitments.

 Friendlies 

 Pre-season 
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 In-season 
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 Team statistics 

 Appearances and goals 
19 Nov 2022

 Competitions 

 Overview 
Results summary (SPL)

 Singapore Premier League 

  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 AFC Cup 

  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 Group stage 

 Singapore Cup 

  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 Group 

 Semi-final 

Tampines Rovers won 9-1 on aggregate.

 Final 

 Competition (U21) 

 Stage 1 

  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 League table 

 Stage 2 

 League table 

 Competition (U17) 

 U17 League 
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

League table

 Competition (Women) 
Women's National League

 Group 
(Played under name of JSSL FC) 
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

League table

 Semi-final 

 Final 

 See also 
2012 Tampines Rovers FC season
2013 Tampines Rovers FC season
2014 Tampines Rovers FC season
2015 Tampines Rovers FC season
2016 Tampines Rovers FC season
2017 Tampines Rovers FC season
2018 Tampines Rovers FC season
2019 Tampines Rovers FC season
2020 Tampines Rovers FC season
2021 Tampines Rovers FC season

 Notes 

 References 

Owana Salazar
Owana Kaʻōhelelani Mahealani-Rose Salazar (born October 30, 1953) is an American musician and activist. She is thought to be the only female steel guitar player in Hawaiʻi trained by Jerry Byrd.A descendant of Robert William Wilcox and Theresa Laʻanui, Salazar has been involved in Hawaiian sovereignty issues for many years.

 Birth, family and early life 
Owana Kaʻohelelani Mahealani-Rose Salazar was born in October 1953. Her parents were Helena Kalokuokamaile Wilcox and Henry Mario Salazar.Salazar was the only girl in a family of five. "Our family discussions were vast... about many of our ancestors, about their roles in Hawaiiʻs history, about the crown lands, about Robert Wilcox, about Princess Theresa going to Washington, about Princess Elizabeth going to Washington to petition Congress to survey the crown lands."Salazar was raised on the island of Oahu and graduated from Kamehameha Schools, where she sang with the Concert Glee Club, and the University of Hawaii, where she learned Kihoʻalu (slack key guitar). Salazar studied hula with the Kumu Hula, Hoʻakalei Kamauʻu, Hoʻoulu Richards and Winona Beamer. In addition to studying traditional western music theory, studied voice with Elizabeth Cole, and studied piano, string methods, guitar, Javanese dance and gamelan as well as continuing to study hula.

 Music career 
At the start of her public career, Salazar performed with Hawaiian headliners such as Don Ho Ohta-San, Ed Kenney and Charles K.L. Davis. She was introduced to the world of Kihoʻalu  by friend Nelson Hiu. Combining music theory with her repertoire of Hawaiian songs and slack key, Salazar developed her playing skills with help from her professors and other fellow musicians such as George Kuo, Bla Pahinui, Cyril Pahinui, Dennis Kamakahi, George Kahumoku Jr. and Sonny Chillingworth. Other musical influences include Joni Mitchell, Johnny Mathis, Connie Francis, Stevie Wonder, Genoa Keawe, Gabby Pahinui, Lena Machado, and Marvin Gaye.Her first recording in 1986, Owana and Kaʻipo, In Kona was nominated in the category of Most Promising Artist in the Na Hoku Hanohano Awards, a Hawaiian music industry salute. The following year, her second recording, Owana, was a final ballot nominee for Contemporary Hawaiian Album of the Year and Female Vocalist of the Year. Pupukea describes the characteristics of the ocean on the North Shore of Oʻahu. Kula Morning takes you upcountry Maui, gazing from mountain to the sea. "Na Wai" is a playful poetic expression of love's experiences, full of Hawaiian kaona (hidden meanings). "Kalamaula" celebrates the early homesteading movement of the Hawaiian people. "Silhouette Hula" is a hapa haole piece, recalling the early jazz years of Hawaiian music.
For most of the 1980s, Salazar sang Hawaiian classics with the Royal Hawaiian Band and performed at venues in Waikiki and Japan. Jerry Byrd accepted Salazar as his student for formal study of Hawaiian steel guitar. Eventually, she received a full scholarship from the Hawaiian Steel Guitar Association.  In 1992, she became Byrd's only female graduate and has been called Hawaii's preeminent female steel guitarist. Besides Hawaii, Salazar has also performed in Tahiti, New Zealand, Australia, and the Americas. In January 2000, she became the first woman to tour with the Hawaiian Slack Key Festival along with George Kahumoku, Jr., Keoki Kahumoku and Daniel Ho.

 Discography (partial) 
"Owana and Ka'ipo IN KONA" (1986), Nominated: Most Promising Artist of the Year.
Owana (1987), Nominated: Female Vocalist of the Year; Contemporary Hawaiian Album of the Year.
Wahine Slack n’ Steel (2003), Winner: Contemporary Hawaiian Album of the Year. Nominated: Female Vocalist of the Year; Album of the Year.
Hula Jazz (2005), Winner: Jazz Album of the Year; Nominated: Female Vocalist of the Year; Album of the Year; Song of the Year
Hawaiian Slack Key Masters: Volume III, Winner: Grammy Award for Best Hawaiian Music Album
Hawaiian Slack Key Masters: Volume IV, Winner: Grammy Award for Best Hawaiian Music Album

 Cultural and sovereignty involvement 
Salazar was initiated into the Daughters and Sons of Hawaiian Warriors, Mamakakaua, a lineage society of descendants of Hawaii's ruling chiefs. She served as family liaison to the Mayor's Office of Culture and the Arts for two years, with the goal of planning, commissioning and unveiling a life-size bronze statue of her great-grandfather Robert William Wilcox. His statue was installed at Wilcox Park in downtown Honolulu, on the corner of King and Fort Street.

 Claim to the throne of the Hawaiian Kingdom 
Salazar rejects the legality of the 1898 annexation of Hawaii by the United States, and as such believes the Hawaiian Kingdom still legally exists. Dismissing the succession right of Abigail Kinoiki Kekaulike Kawānanakoa, Salazar maintains that her own immediate family are rightful rulers of the kingdom, as well as being the legal holders of the former Hawaiian crown lands. This claim is based on descent from King Keōua (d.ca. 1750s/60s) via a niece of Elizabeth Kekaʻaniau (d. 1928), one of 15 children of high aliʻi status attending the Chief's Children's School in 1844 who appear on a list, endorsed by Kamehameha III. However, genealogist Edith McKenzie stated that of those eligible to be rulers, "Everyone on the Chiefs Children's School list was eligible to rule, but it was required that those who did had to be considered and approved by the House of Nobles. Only Kamehameha IV and Emma Rooke ever were."

 Honours 

 Dynastic Orders 

 Foreign Royal Houses 
 Dame Grand Cordon of the Royal and Hashemite Order of the Pearl
 Medal of Honor (Special Class) of the Association of Monarchic Autarchs of Portugal

 Family tree 

 References 

 External links 

YouTube – Owana Kaʻōhelelani Kahekili Mahaelani-Rose Salazar. Willie K, "Knight Comander of the Royal Order of the Crown"
Keouanui.org

PowerPC 970
The PowerPC 970, PowerPC 970FX, and PowerPC 970MP are 64-bit PowerPC CPUs from IBM introduced in 2002.  Apple branded the 970 as PowerPC G5 for its Power Mac G5.
Having created the PowerPC architecture in the early 1990s via the AIM alliance, the 970 family was created through a further collaboration between IBM and Apple. The project was codenamed GP-UL or Giga Processor Ultra Light, where Giga Processor is the codename for the POWER4 from which the core was derived. When Apple introduced the Power Mac G5, it stated that this was a five-year collaborative effort, with multi-generation roadmap. This forecast however was short-lived when Apple later had to retract its promise to deliver a 3 GHz processor only one year after its introduction. IBM was also unable to reduce power consumption to levels necessary for laptop computers. Ultimately, Apple only used three variants of the processor.
IBM's JS20/JS21 blade modules and some low-end workstations and System p servers are based on the PowerPC 970. It is also used in some high end embedded systems like Mercury's Momentum XSA-200. IBM is also licensing the PowerPC 970 core for use in custom applications.

 Design 
The PowerPC 970 is a single core derivative of the POWER4 and can process both 32-bit and 64-bit PowerPC instructions natively. It has a hardware prefetch unit and a three way branch prediction unit.
Like the POWER4, the front-end is nine stages long. The PowerPC 970 can fetch and decode up to eight instructions, dispatch up to five to reserve stations, issue up to eight to the execution units and retire up to five per cycle. The execution pipelines were lengthened compared to the POWER4 to achieve higher IPC. It has eight execution units: two arithmetic logic units (ALUs), two double-precision floating-point units, two load/store units and two AltiVec units.One of the AltiVec units executes integer and floating-point instructions, and the other only permute instructions. The latter has three subunits for simple integer, complex integer and floating-point instructions. These units have pipelines of varying lengths: 10 stages for simple integer and permute instructions, 13 stages for complex integer instructions and 16 stage for floating-point instructions.The processor has two unidirectional 32-bit double data rate (DDR) buses (one for reads, the other for writes) to the system controller chip (northbridge) running at one quarter of the processor core speed. The buses also carry addresses and control signals in addition to data so only a percentage of the peak bandwidth can be realized (6.4 GB/s at 450 MHz). As the buses are unidirectional, each direction can realize only half the aggregate bandwidth, or 3.2 GB/s.

 Generations 
All generations of 970 processors were manufactured in IBM's East Fishkill plant in New York on a white ceramic substrate that was typical for IBM's high end processors of the era.

 PowerPC 970 
The PowerPC 970 was announced by IBM in October 2002. It was released in Apple Computer's Power Mac G5 in June 2003. Like its naming convention of G3 and G4, Apple branded the PowerPC 970 based products as G5, for the fifth generation of PowerPC. IBM released its first PowerPC 970 blade servers, the BladeCenter JS20, in November 2003.
The PowerPC 970 has 512 KB of full-speed L2 cache and clock speeds from 1.6 to 2.0 GHz. The front side bus runs at half the processor's clock speed.

 PowerPC 970FX 
The PowerPC 970FX has a 90 nm manufacturing process and has a maximum power rating of 11 watts at 149 degrees Fahrenheit (65 °C) while clocked at 1 GHz and a maximum of 48 watts at 2 GHz.It has 10 functional units –  2 Fixed-Point Units, 2 Load/Store Units, 2 Floating Point Units, 1 Branch Unit, 1 SIMD ALU unit, 1 SIMD Permute unit, and 1 Condition Register.  It supports up to 215 instructions in-flight: 16 in the Instruction Fetch Unit, 67 in the Instruction Decode Unit, 100 in the Functional Units, and 32 in the Store Queue.  It has 64 KBytes of directly mapped Instruction Cache and 32 KBytes of D-Cache.Apple released 970FX-powered machines throughout 2004: the Xserve G5 in January, the Power Mac G5 in June, and the iMac G5 in August. The Power Mac introduced a top clock speed of 2.5 GHz while liquid-cooled (eventually reaching as high as 2.7 GHz in April 2005). The iMac ran the front side bus at a third of the clock speed.
Market demand was intense for a faster laptop CPU than the G4, but Apple never delivered a G5 series CPU in PowerBook laptops. The original 970 uses far too much power and was never seriously viewed as a candidate for a portable computer. The 970FX reduced thermal design power (TDP) to about 30 W at 1.5 GHz, which led many users to believe a PowerBook G5 might be possible. However, several obstacles prevented even the 970FX from being used in this application. At 1.5 GHz, the G5 was not substantially faster than the 1.5 and 1.67 GHz G4 processors, which Apple used in PowerBooks instead. Furthermore, the northbridge chips available to interface the 970FX to memory and other devices were not designed for portable computers, and consumed too much power. Finally, the 970FX had inadequate power saving features for a portable CPU. Its minimum (idle) power was much too high, which would have led to poor battery life figures in a notebook computer.

 PowerPC 970MP 
IBM announced the PowerPC 970MP, codenamed "Antares", on July 7, 2005, at the Power Everywhere forum in Tokyo. The 970MP is a dual-core derivative of the 970FX with clock speeds between 1.2 and 2.5 GHz, and a maximum power usage of 75 W at 1.8 GHz and 100 W at 2.0 GHz. Each core has 1 MB of L2 cache, twice that of the 970FX. Like the 970FX, this chip was produced at the 90 nm process. When one of the cores is idle, it will enter a "doze" state and shut down. The 970MP also includes partitioning and virtualization features.The PowerPC 970MP replaced the PowerPC 970FX in Apple's high-end Power Mac G5 computers, while the iMac G5 and the legacy PCI-X Power Mac G5 continued to use the PowerPC 970FX processor. The PowerPC 970MP is used in IBM's JS21 blade modules, IBM Intellistation POWER 185 workstation and YDL PowerStation by Fixstars Solutions (Yellow Dog Linux (YDL) PowerStation).
Due to high power requirements, IBM discontinued units above 2.0 GHz.

 Northbridges 
Two dedicated northbridges for PowerPC 970-based computers were manufactured by IBM:

CPC925 –  Designed by Apple and called the U3 or the U3H (which supports ECC memory). It is capable of supporting up to two PowerPC 970s or PowerPC 970FXs and has two 550 MHz unidirectional processor buses, a 400 MHz DDR memory controller, x8 AGP and a 400 MHz 16-bit HyperTransport tunnel. It fabricated on a 130 nm process. Additionally, there was an unreleased U3Lite northbridge in development for the PowerBook G5, which never made it to market.
CPC945 –  Designed by IBM and called U4 by Apple, it is capable of supporting two PowerPC 970MPs and has two 625 MHz unidirectional processor buses, two memory controllers that support up to 64 GB of 533 MHz DDR2 SDRAM with ECC capability and has a x16 PCIe lane and an 800 MHz 16-bit HyperTransport tunnel. It is fabricated on a 90 nm process.A CPC965 northbridge was canceled. Slated for release in 2007, it was to be a uniprocessor-only northbridge. Its features were a 533 MHz DDR2 controller that supported up to 8 GB ECC memory, a 8x PCIe bus, integrated four-port Gigabit Ethernet with IPv4 TCP/UDP offloading, USB 2.0 ports, a Flash-interface. The northbridge contains an integrated PowerPC 405 core to provide system management and configuration capabilities.

 Buses 
IBM uses its proprietary Elastic Interface (EI) bus in the modules.

 See also 
Supercomputers using the PowerPC 970:
System X
Some previous models of supercomputers in the Spanish Supercomputing Network used PowerPC processors, such as Magerit version 1 and Marenostrum version 2.
List of Macintosh models grouped by CPU type

 References 

 Further reading 
"IBM's PPC970 Becomes Apple's G5". (July 7, 2003). Microprocessor Report.
"IBM Takes the Lead". (February 9, 2004). Microprocessor Report.
"IBM's Double-Shot of PowerPC". (November 7, 2005). Microprocessor Report.

 External links 
Ars Technica article, part I
Ars Technica article, part II
IBM PowerPC 970FX RISC Microprocessor User's Manual
Understanding 64-bit PowerPC architecture
ISSCC 2006: IBM PowerPC 970MP
IBM Documentation: PowerPC 9XX Microprocessors

Aðalvík
Aðalvík is a bay located in the southwest part of Hornstrandir on Iceland. The bay splits into three main locations, the former fishing villages of Látrar (120 inhabitants in 1920) and Sæból (80 inhabitants in 1900) and Miðvík. All of the settlements were abandoned in the middle of the 20th century. The last inhabitants moved from Látrum and Sæból in October 1952. In Sæból and on the mountain above it, named Darri, the British occupation force built a military base during World War II, which remains can still be seen, including remains of anti-aircraft guns, buildings, roads and railway tracks. In Látrar and on Straumnesfjall, the United States Air Force built a radar station named Straumnes Air Station. An airstrip was also built just outside the village. Jakobína Sigurðardóttir wrote the poem Hugsað til Hornstranda to protest the military activity there.

 References 

Sanitary sewer overflow
Sanitary sewer overflow (SSO) is a condition in which untreated sewage is discharged from a sanitary sewer into the environment prior to reaching sewage treatment facilities. When caused by rainfall it is also known as wet weather overflow. Causes of sanitary sewer overflows include: Blockage of sewer lines, infiltration/Inflow of excessive stormwater into sewer lines during heavy rainfall, malfunction of pumping station lifts or electrical power failure, broken sewer lines. Prevention of such overflow events involves regular maintenance and timely upgrades of infrastructure.
SSOs can cause gastrointestinal illnesses (waterborne diseases), beach closures and restrictions on fish and shellfish consumption.

 Magnitude of the problem 
Developed countries such as the United States, Canada, most Western European nations (e.g. Italy and France), Australia, Singapore, South Korea and Japan are struggling with public health problems of SSO prevention. The magnitude of the problem is much greater in most developing countries.

 United States 
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) estimates that at least 23,000 to 75,000 SSO events occur in the United States each year. EPA estimated that upgrading every municipal treatment and collection system to reduce the frequency of overflow events to no more than once every five years would cost about $88 billion as of 2004. This cost would be in addition to approximately $10 billion already invested. Although the volume of untreated sewage discharged to the environment is less than 0.01 percent of all treated sewage in the United States, the total volume amounts to several billion gallons per annum and accounts for thousands of cases of gastrointestinal illness each year.: Ch. 6 

 Worldwide perspective 
Developed European countries and Japan have similar or somewhat larger percentages of SSO events compared to the U.S.In developing countries, most wastewater is still not treated when discharged into the environment. The People's Republic of China discharged about 55 percent of all sewage without treatment of any type, as of 2001. In a relatively developed Middle Eastern country such as Iran, the majority of Tehran's population has totally untreated sewage injected to the city’s groundwater. In Venezuela, a below-average country in South America with respect to wastewater treatment, 97 percent of the country’s sewage is discharged untreated into the environment.In many countries there are obligations to measure and report SSO occurrence using real-time telemetry to warn the public, bathers and shellfishery operators.

 Causes 

 Engineering aspects 
Sewers that were built in the early stages of urbanization were usually built before sewage treatment was implemented. Early sewers were simple drainage systems to remove surface runoff with any waste material it might contain. These drainage systems became combined sewers when sewage from kitchens, baths, and toilets was added; and the discharge became offensive.  Early sewage treatment plants were built to treat the sewage during dry weather; but it was infeasible to treat the larger volume of mixed sewage and precipitation runoff from combined sewers during wet weather. Some cities built sanitary sewers to keep sewage from being mixed with surface runoff so the sewage could be efficiently treated during both wet and dry weather. (About 860 communities in the U.S. continue to use combined sewers.)

 Blockages 
Decentralized failures in dry weather mainly occur from collection sewer line blockages, which can arise from a debris clog or tree root intrusion into the line itself. Approximately half of SSOs in the United States are caused by blockage.: p. 4–26  Grease is the blocking agent in approximately half of U.S. SSOs attributed to blockage, and solid debris is the blocking agent for another 25 percent. Roots are a contributing factor in approximately one-quarter of United States SSOs attributed to blockage. Grease deposits are caused by cooking fats liquified with hot water for discharge to sanitary sewers. These fats congeal as solid deposits in the cooler sewer. Solid debris includes soiled clothing, diapers, and sanitary napkins flushed down the toilet rather than being put in a waste bin.: p. 4–28 Many U.S. municipalities require restaurants and food processing businesses to use grease interceptors and regulate the disposal of fats, oil and grease in the sewer system.One of the main problems of a decentralized line failure is the difficulty of defining the location of overflow, since a typical urban system contains thousands of miles of collection pipes, and the central treatment plant has no way of communicating with all the lines, unless expensive monitoring equipment has been installed. Companies in the UK have widely deployed bulk dielectric transducers suspended in the sewers to detect high levels and to report the events back over fixed wireless data networks. In certain locations this practice has permitted the reduction of pollution events by up to 60 percent.Dry weather blockage is less likely within combined sewers; because combined sewers designed for the additional volume of surface runoff are much larger than sanitary sewers. Combined sewer storm water regulators may be vulnerable to blockage by debris, but overflow from such blockage typically enters the diversion outfall to avoid flooding private or public property.

 Infiltration/inflow 
Approximately one-quarter of United States SSOs occur during heavy rainfall events, which can cause inflow of stormwater into sanitary sewers through damage, improper connections, or flooding buildings and lift stations in low-lying areas of the collection system. The combined flow of sewage and stormwater exceeds the capacity of the sanitary sewer system and sewage is released into homes, businesses and streets.: p. 4–26  This circumstance is most prevalent in older cities whose subsurface infrastructure is quite old; Paris, London, Stockholm, New York City, Washington, DC, and Oakland, California are typical examples of such locations. Inflow into the sanitary lines can be caused by tree root rupture of subsurface lines or by mechanical fracture due to age and overpressure from trucks and buildings.

 Malfunctions 
Another mode of system failure can include power outages, which may disable lift station pumps and cause sewage overflow from the lift station wet well. Lift station mechanical or power failure causes approximately ten percent of United States SSOs. This type of discharge is uncommon from combined sewers, because the combined volume of sewage and storm water discourages use of lift stations. Broken sewer lines are responsible for approximately ten percent of U.S. SSOs.: p. 4–27 Power failure, human error, or mechanical failure may cause similar discharge of untreated or partially treated sewage from a sewage treatment plant; but this is typically regarded as a sewage treatment plant malfunction rather than a sanitary sewer overflow. Sewage treatment plants may be designed to capture overflow from malfunctioning units and discharge it to alternative treatment facilities.  Flooding of private or public property is typically avoided by discharging the overflow to an outfall designed for discharge of treated sewage.: p. ES–3 

 Human health and ecological consequences 
Human health impacts include significant numbers of gastrointestinal illness each year, although death from one overflow event is uncommon. Additional human impacts include beach closures, swimming restrictions and prohibition of the consumption of certain aquatic animals (particularly certain molluscs) after overflow events. Ecological consequences include fish kills, harm to plankton and other aquatic microflora and microfauna. Turbidity increase and dissolved oxygen decrease in receiving waters can lead to accentuated effects beyond the obvious pathogenic induced damage to aquatic ecosystems. It is possible that higher life forms such as marine mammals can be affected since certain seals and sea lions are known to experience peaks in pathogenic harm.

 Mitigation techniques 

The concept of SSO containment valves has been pioneered in the UK and they are installed to mitigate dry spills, by correlating rainfall data with SSO spill activity.

 History 
Since medieval times rulers have been aware of the impact of raw sewage improperly discharged to the environment. Before treatment systems existed in 16th century England, King Henry VIII decreed that sewage troughs should be kept flowing so that they would not stagnate in London prior to reaching the River Thames (London sewer system).In the 19th century, sewage treatment plants were first developed and installed in the U.S. and parts of Europe, and the concept of SSO was identified. SSOs were not recognized as a widespread environmental problem until the rise of environmental awareness in the 1960s. Around that time government agencies in the U.S. began identifying locations and frequencies of SSOs in a systematic way. Local governments heard complaints of citizens, and beach closure protocols were systematised to reduce risks to public health.
After passage of the Clean Water Act in 1972, the U.S. spent billions of dollars on upgrades to sewage treatment plants, with some associated repairs and improvements to the associated collection systems, where the overflows occur. EPA continues to provide funding for low-interest loans to communities for addressing SSO problems, through the Clean Water State Revolving Fund.In the 1990s Japan, the UK and a number of other European countries began earnest investigation of some of their countries’ overflow issues.

 See also 
Fatberg (sewer blockage)
Water pollution

 References 

 External links 
Technical reports and additional SSO resources - EPA

Porn and Chicken
Porn and Chicken is a production and DJ group consisting of Dom Brown, Orville Kline, Stevic Mac, and Ammo.

 Career 
Porn and Chicken was originally a weekly-party event regularly at Evil Olive, a dance club in Chicago, Illinois, featuring emcee Dom Brown (founder) and resident DJs Orville Kline, PHIVES and The Sleepers. Around the year 2010, the group was started at a bar called Risque Cafe in Wrigleyville. The name Porn and Chicken, originally "Beer. Chicken. Porn.", originated from the regular activity of eating chicken and drinking beer at the bar in an erotic environment, where Brown eventually hired DJs to form the group. The bar was shut down for capacity, and Brown and his associates were fined multiple times before they moved to another bar where they were shut down again. They eventually moved to Evil Olive and became successful in creating their brand as, and transforming from a party into, artists. The original line up of Porn and Chicken consisted of Brown, Mandi, The Sleepers and Kline.In 2012, the group collaborated with Adult Swim cartoonist Homeless Cop who made a Porn and Chicken cartoon. In 2014, Porn and Chicken released the songs, "Let it Bleed" featuring Justin Tranter of Semi Precious Weapons, and "Leap Frog" featuring Kryoman. They also remixed the Missy Elliott song "Lose Control". In 2016, they released the songs "All Hell Broke Loose" and "Snapchat That Booty Clap".

 References 

List of Welsh people
This is a list of Welsh people (Welsh: rhestr Cymry); an ethnic group and nation associated with Wales.
Historian John Davies argues that the origin of the Welsh nation can be traced to the late 4th and early 5th centuries, following the Roman departure from Britain, although Brythonic or other Celtic languages seem to have been spoken in Wales since much earlier.This list is for people of Welsh heritage and descent, and for those otherwise perceived as Welsh; through either birth or adoption. Only those meeting notability criteria are included. A few people appear in more than one section of the list.

 Actors 

 Architects 

 Artists 

 Designers 

 Entrepreneurs 

 Explorers 
Perce Blackborow (1896–1949)
John Evans (1770–1799)
George Everest (1790–1866)
Henry Morton Stanley (1841–1904)

 Film directors 

 Humourists 

 Inventors 

 Journalists and broadcasters 

 Military men and women 

 Models 

 Monarchs and princes 

 Musicians 

 Bands 

 Philanthropists 

 Philosophers 

 Politicians 

 Religious figures 

 Scientists 

 Sports people 

 Athletes 

 Badminton 
Martyn Lewis (born 1982)
Kelly Morgan (born 1975)
Richard Vaughan (born 1978)

 Baseball players 
Jimmy Austin (1879–1965)
Ted Lewis (1872–1936)
Peter Morris (1854–1884)

 Basketball players 
Tal Dunne (born 1987), Welsh-born Israeli professional basketball player for Israeli team Ironi Nes Ziona

 British baseball players 
Ted Peterson (1916–2005)
George Whitcombe (1902–1986)

 Bowls 
Janet Ackland
Fred Leamon (1919–1981)
Fred Parfitt (1869–1953)
Robert Weale (born 1963)

 Boxers 

 Cricketers 

 Cyclists 

 Equestrians 
David Broome (born 1940)
David Harrison (born 1972)
Geoff Lewis (born 1935)
Richard Meade (born 1936)

 Footballers 

 Golfers 

 Field hockey 
Sarah Thomas (born 1981), Olympic bronze medallist

 Motor sports 

 Rowers 
Katrina Jacks (c. 1986–2010)
Tom James (born 1984)
Tom Lucy (born 1988)

 Rugby players 

 Snooker players 

 Sport shooters 

 Surfers 

 Swimmers 

 Weightlifters 
David Morgan (born 1964), three times Olympian, three times masters world champion and holder of three world records

 Wrestlers 

 Trade union leaders 

 Writers 
For Welsh writers, see:

List of Welsh writers
List of Welsh language authors
List of Welsh language poets (6th century to c.1600)
List of Welsh women writers

 Other notables 

 See also 

 References 

 External links 
Famous Welsh People on the Welsh Icons Site
Famous Welsh Sports People on the Welsh Icons Site
Famous Welsh Actors
Famous Welsh Musicians
Famous Welsh Writers
Famous Welsh Artists
Famous Welsh Scientists
Famous Welsh Businessmen
Famous Welsh In Myth and Historical
Famous Welsh Sport Personalities

Loblaw Companies
Loblaw Companies Limited is a Canadian retailer encompassing corporate and franchise supermarkets operating under 22 regional and market-segment banners (including Loblaws), as well as pharmacies, banking and apparel. Loblaw operates a private label program that includes grocery and household items, clothing, baby products, pharmaceuticals, cellular phones, general merchandise and financial services. Loblaw is the largest Canadian food retailer, and its brands include President's Choice, No Name and Joe Fresh. It is controlled by George Weston Limited, a holding company controlled by the Weston family; Galen G. Weston, is the chair of the Loblaw board of directors, as well as chair of the board of directors and CEO of Canada-based holding company George Weston.Robert Sawyer is the current COO of Loblaw and announced his intention to retire at the end of 2023. He will be replaced as president and CEO by Per Bank.Most of Loblaw's 136,000 full-time and part-time employees are members of the United Food and Commercial Workers, with the exception of workers at The Real Canadian Wholesale Club in Alberta, who are members of the Christian Labour Association of Canada.Loblaw's regional food distribution divisions include Westfair Foods Ltd. in Western Canada and Northern Ontario, National Grocers Co. Ltd. in Ontario, Provigo Inc. in Quebec, and Atlantic Wholesalers Ltd. in Atlantic Canada.

 History 

 "We Sell for Less" 
In 1919, Toronto grocers Theodore Pringle Loblaw and J. Milton Cork opened the first Loblaw Groceterias store modelled on a new and radically different retail concept, namely "self serve". The traditional grocery store provided a high level of personal service but was a labour-intensive operation. Customers typically had to wait while a clerk fetched items from behind a counter. Other goods, such as sugar and flour, had to be individually weighed and the order was then tallied by hand and added to the customer’s account. Home delivery, by wagon, was usually included free of charge. Loblaw and Cork, friends from the days when both worked as young clerks in the Cork family grocery store, believed they could cut costs by introducing self service combined with cash and carry. While cash stores were not new, the idea of allowing customers to select their own merchandise was a new concept. The pair had heard of the Piggly Wiggly "self-serving store" in the United States and travelled to Memphis, Tennessee, to see it in operation first hand. With customers allowed to browse freely, pick up their own goods and then pay cash at a central checkout counter, with no credit or home delivery, operating costs were reduced. The two came away convinced that a similar style of operation could work in Canada. But Loblaw was met with scepticism:

In the early days when I started the cash and carry business, I was told that it could not be done, but my contention was that the people of Toronto and Ontario would welcome the opportunity to carry their groceries home,
providing I could offer them higher qualities at a much lower price than they were used to paying.

The first Loblaw Groceterias Co. store opened at 2923 Dundas St. W., Toronto, in June 1919. Months later, a second location, at 528 College Street, followed. The ’groceterias’ name was apparently derived from cafeteria – a popular self serve restaurant format.  Along with the Loblaw name, the outlets featured big "We Sell For Less" signs across their storefronts. Inside, the stores were clean and well lit, with items neatly displayed and clearly marked:

From the entry, one passes through a turnstile which permits egress only.  Just inside are piles of market baskets from which the customer helps himself and proceeds in his quest for food at lower prices.  Out in front, the shelves are packed with bottled and canned goods, whose names are household words, all plainly tagged with price.  Further back, one finds teas, coffee fancy biscuits and cheese, all wrapped ready to carry home .... The customer having selected her purchases, carries her basket to one of the counters near the point of exit.  Here her purchases are quickly totaled on an adding machine and she receives her slip.  While she pays the bill her groceries are neatly packed in a larger bag.."

While produce was limited and fresh meats largely excluded from the early stores, sales proved strong.  Within its first five months of operation, the chain's second location had expanded its sales room into that part of the store normally reserved for storage.  In spite of the success of the new groceteria format, Cork did not feel that traditional, full-service grocery stores were in danger of going out of business since many customers still valued the extension of credit, individual serve and home delivery.  A year later, another Toronto grocer, C.B. Shields, joined with Loblaw and Cork.
 In addition to being a proponent of self serve, Loblaw was also a firm believer in "the fundamentally sound principle of the chain store system"  and its ability to deliver better price and superior quality to through its buying power.  Three years after the opening of the first store, there were nine groceterias throughout Toronto.   The company had also expanded into the United States with Loblaw Groceterias Inc. outlets in Buffalo, New York.
In 1928, with 69 stores throughout Ontario, the company unveiled its new state-of-the-art head office and warehouse at Fleet and Bathurst streets, along today's Lake Shore Blvd, in Toronto. At a cost of CA$1.25 million, the Loblaw warehouse was likened to a "temple of commerce" and hailed as a model of efficiency.  One newspaper report described it as, "the most modern warehouse building of its kind in the dominion."   The warehouse, which served as a distribution centre and manufacturing depot, included an interior loading dock that could simultaneously accommodate eight railway freight cars and 23 large trucks.  It featured its own electric tram railway, four giant ovens for baking a ton of cake and half a ton of cookies a day, huge drums for blending tea, 22 thousand feet of ammonia-filled pipes for refrigeration, and a system of pneumatic tubes for sending messages from department to department.  A "punched card" tabulating system, forerunner to today's computer, would be installed for tracking inventory as the first of its kind in the Canadian grocery industry.  For Loblaw employees, the warehouse included amenities such as bowling lanes and a billiards room, along with an auditorium for putting on plays. That same year, the American company expanded beyond New York State with the opening of outlets in Chicago, Illinois.

 Depression and war 
By October 1929, Loblaw Groceterias' rapid expansion had attracted the attention of competitor Dominion Stores Limited, another Toronto-based food store chain. In a letter to its shareholders, Dominion management put forward a plan to purchase a controlling interest in Loblaw, funded by a preferred share offering. Weeks later, though, stock markets around the world collapsed and the
proposed acquisition never took place.
In spite of the onset of the Great Depression, Loblaw continued to expand,
albeit at a slower pace. By 1930, the chain boasted of 97 "spotlessly clean
Groceterias" in Ontario. By 1936, that number had grown to 111, but press reports
indicated the company had curtailed further expansion in order to increase
the scope of its product offerings at the chain's existing outlets. Meanwhile, the
company made a partial retreat from the U.S. market with the sale of its 77
Loblaw Groceterias Inc. stores in Chicago, Illinois, to the Jewel Tea
Company. The stores had never shown a profit, although they had largely
been turned around by the time of the sale. The company retained its 50
stores in Buffalo, New York, which were profitable operations.In 1933, company co-founder Theodore Pringle Loblaw died suddenly of complications from minor surgery. Eulogized as "the Merchant Prince" by the press, Loblaw was remembered not only for his accomplishments in business but also his religious conviction and personal philanthropy that benefited local charities such as the Kiwanis Boys Clubs of Toronto and the Stevenson Memorial Hospital of his hometown of Alliston, Ontario. After Loblaw's death, co-founder John Milton Cork took charge of the company.
During the early 1930s, Loblaw Groceterias began converting many of its outlets to "Market Stores" that featured full-service meat and produce departments for the first time. Previously excluded because of the chain's 'self serve' format and the need to cut meats and weigh produce, the new departments proved popular with customers. By 1936, over half of all Ontario locations had been converted to the new format that expanded sales "without a corresponding increase in store overhead." The company also began updating the appearance of its stores to the new, modern, streamlined look. In terms of branding, while the chain often promoted itself as "Loblaw's" in newspaper ads, it was not until 1939 that the first "Loblaws" signs went up on store facades – replacing the Loblaw Groceterias Co. Limited signage. In addition to the new meat and produce departments, frozen food sections were also featured – a first in Canada. Loblaw also began introducing other modern amenities such as "electronic eye" automatic doors and mechanical ventilation systems for the comfort of shoppers.

 Post-war expansion 
Store construction, halted during World War II, resumed in the late 1940s as Loblaw undertook a program of "expansion and modernization." Parking lots, a new phenomenon for the chain, became an important design component of the company's "supermarkets" in the post-war era. In particular, Loblaw promoted its new "rear entrance and exit stores," with checkout counters at the back that allowed shoppers, increasingly motorized and suburban, direct access to their cars. Other modernizations included "healthfully-cool refrigerated" air conditioning, introduced by Loblaw in 1949 – the first Canadian grocery chain to do so. In spite of such innovations, the chain still hearkened back to its retail roots with references to the "self-serve" nature of its fruit, vegetable and meat departments.

 Garfield Weston 
In 1947, a major shift in corporate ownership took place with the purchase of 100,000 Class B shares of Loblaw Groceterias Co. Limited by Canadian industrialist W. Garfield Weston. Weston, president of George Weston Limited, whose interests included baking, grocery wholesaling, and paper manufacturing, acquired the block of voting stock from Loblaw co-founder J. Milton Cork. Although the share purchase did not represent majority control of Loblaw, Weston was able to have his old friend and colleague George C. Metcalf appointed to the board of directors, as well as named vice president and general manager. By 1953, though, Garfield Weston had secured majority control through parent company George Weston Limited and Metcalf was appointed
president of Loblaw Groceterias.  With Weston in control, a program of rapid expansion, particularly through acquisition, followed as the company extended its holdings beyond Ontario into other regions of Canada and into the United States.

 Loblaw Companies Limited 
In 1953, Loblaw Groceterias acquired majority control of Loblaw Inc., the former American branch of the company with stores in the State of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, through a purchase of stock from George Weston Limited.  That same year, Loblaw also bought the Power Supermarkets chain of
Toronto. More noteworthy, though, was its decision to take a 25 per cent stake in Chicago-based National Tea Co., a major supermarket chain with some 750 stores in twelve states, three years later.  With an ever-increasing array of retail assets, Loblaw Companies Limited was incorporated in 1956 as holding company for Loblaw Groceterias and the recently acquired holdings south of the border.  That same year, Loblaw also announced a major new thrust into Western Canada with 32 supermarkets slated for construction.   Other acquisitions followed, including Atlantic Wholesalers in the Maritimes with its associated retail outlets. At its height, Loblaw Companies Limited would represent the third largest grocery retailer in
North America.
As large as Loblaw had grown, food retailing remained highly competitive and special promotions and customer loyalty programs were introduced as a way of attracting and retaining consumers.  During the 1950s, car giveaways were a popular highlight of many grand openings of new Loblaws supermarkets.  In 1959, the company entered the trading stamp wars with its own Lucky Green Stamps. Loblaw president George Metcalf brought store managers together for an early morning meeting in Toronto to make the surprise announcement, informing them that the
stamps, redeemable for household gifts, had already been delivered to their stores. While at first quite popular, the program was finally concluded in 1967 as customers increasingly saw trading stamps as an expensive promotion that translated into higher prices at the checkout counter.

 Stagnation 
During the 1960s, while Loblaw set record sales, corporate profits declined.  An era of aggressive expansion had paid off in terms of revenue growth but apparently at the expense of profitability.  As shareholders complained about a lack of information from the company, frustrated analysts, unsure as to the corporate structure or holdings, became increasingly reluctant to recommend the stock.  Loblaw annual meetings were better known for their distribution of cookies, cake and groceries than information on operating performance.   While George Metcalf remained head of Loblaw Companies Limited, chairman W. Garfield Weston began making changes to senior executive ranks, including the appointment of Leon Weinstein, former head and son of the founders of Power Supermarkets, as president of Loblaw Groceterias Co. Limited from 1968 to 1970.  Weinstein soon indicated his intent to "stop giving away baskets of groceries at annual shareholder meetings and try to raise dividends."   To find out what Loblaws shoppers thought about the chain, Weinstein introduced a questionnaire on his personal letterhead, "asking customers to check-off their complaints," and received 65,000 replies, or three times the number expected.In spite of attempts to get a handle on operational issues, Loblaws was still perceived as an "ailing supermarket chain."  Meanwhile, pre-tax profits for Loblaw Companies Limited declined from CA$45.6 million in 1966 to $18.6 million in 1971, "and then vanished altogether."  By the late 1960s, the company had begun selling assets. Between 1968 and 1974, Loblaw sold $164 million in holdings to corporate parent George Weston Limited in an apparent extension of "financial assistance."  Yet Loblaw continued to make acquisitions.  In 1969, it bought a controlling interest in Sayvette, a money-losing Toronto-based discount department store chain and went on to spend $8.7 million to acquire 100 percent ownership. But as competition heated up, losses mounted and stores were closed.  The last Sayvette shut its doors in late 1977.

 Reinventing Loblaws 

By the early 70s, Loblaw was struggling under the weight of too much debt with millions of dollars of financial obligations coming due over the next few years.  At the same time, its stores were badly in need of refurbishing and sales were in virtual free fall. Within a year, the company's share of the crucial Ontario market had been 
cut in half as a result of price wars among the major chains. South of the border, things looked somewhat better but only on the surface, with many of the company's supermarkets in large American inner cities in decline.  A
Canadian royal commission study years later noted "the company's failure to spend sufficient funds on the refurbishing of its existing supermarkets and the opening of new ones," in addition to a dividend policy that could not be justified on the basis of earnings. Loblaw also found itself constrained by various financial arrangements. In particular, so-called "lease and leaseback" agreements effectively
prevented it from closing many of its smaller, money-losing outlets. To make matters worse, senior management was often reluctant or intransigent when it came to making operational changes. Faced with the possible bankruptcy of Loblaws, Garfield Weston asked his youngest son, W. Galen Weston, a successful entrepreneur and retailer in his own right, to take a close look at the chain to see if it could be saved. In February 1972, Galen
Weston was appointed chief executive officer of Loblaw Companies Limited. With financing secured through a family holding company that freed Loblaw from its leaseback agreements, Weston began rationalizing operations, shutting down dozens of unprofitable stores while remodelling those that remained. "As a 200 store chain, we didn't look very good. As a 100 store chain, we looked very good indeed."  In addition to dozens of store closures, warehouse operations were consolidated and new distribution centres built.
In 1973, Galen Weston brought in Toronto designer Don Watt. Known for his innovative product packaging and use of photography, Watt proposed a complete makeover of Loblaw's corporate image and retail space. Although Watt had little experience in supermarket design, Weston gave him the go ahead to remodel one of the stores.  Weston reportedly told Watt that, "Loblaws is in such trouble that if it doesn’t work, it doesn't matter. If it works – good." On a budget of only $30,000, the renovations took place at night so the store could stay open during the day. Along with a complete redesign inside and out, that included new colours and a new repeating 'L' Loblaws logo, Watt made changes to traditional grocery store layout. He doubled the floor space of the produce department and moved it from the back of the store to the front. He also introduced new design elements such as moveable bins and huge photo enlargements of fresh fruits, vegetables and meats to graphically convey quality and freshness.  Wood panelling covered over old walls and broken mirrors to give the interior a fresh, contemporary feel. Within the first few months of the remodelling, sales increased 60 percent.
Meanwhile, on the promotional side, a new advertising campaign was rolled out which featured Canadian actor William Shatner of Star Trek fame. TV viewers were told that, "More than the price is right...but by
gosh, the price is right."  Other changes involved the introduction of basic managerial techniques, such as profit and loss statements at the store level. But as the company slowly regained market share in Ontario, it began bleeding red ink when it came to its U.S. operations and in particular its National supermarket chain. The company initiated a similar program of rationalization and renewal which saw hundreds of stores closed and others remodelled. In 1976, Loblaw suspended the dividend on both its Class A and B shares as management cited "anticipated large extraordinary losses" by year’s end. The company also sold its Chicago Division of
National supermarkets, purchased by A&P, after continued losses. In
Canada, Nabob Foods Limited was also sold off. Meanwhile, parent George Weston Limited injected an additional $29 million into Loblaw through a purchase of treasury shares. By the end of the decade, through rationalization of both its retail stores
and various businesses, Loblaw Companies Limited, as well as George Weston Limited, had returned to profitability. One Canadian business magazine described what W. Galen Weston and team had pulled off as a classic turnaround
saga:

After 10 years of ruthless, painful reorganization, which involved divestitures, acquisitions and massive store closings, he and his team have transformed the Weston-Loblaw group into a lean, profitable, progressive,
rational, superbly managed company – a winner and a world leader in what is still a perilous, savagely competitive business.

By 2019, the company's strategy to increase on-line sales of groceries was well established. (Loblaw stores were offering either delivery or customer pickup of orders placed on-line.) In spite of the limited sales in this category, about 10% of the market for all retailers, the company continued to move forward with the concept.  "I see online being more relevant and more important to customers going forward. That’s why we’re focused on it", said Greg Ramier president of the market division at Loblaw Cos., in an interview by the Toronto Star. 

 No Name and No Frills 

Loblaw also moved to rejuvenate its own private label program by allocating millions of dollars to the development of in-store brands.  In 1978, the company joined the "generics" movement with the introduction of 16 "No Name" items, marketed in simple black and yellow packaging.  The new line was heavily promoted with advertised savings of between 10 and 40 percent.  At a time of high inflation and consumer complaints about ever increasing food prices, No Name proved popular, with sales exceeding the company's own projections, as noted by Loblaws president Dave Nichol:

Since Loblaws introduced its 16 no-name products, it has sold one million units with many repeat purchases.  "The suppliers of a number of these products can't keep up with the demand.  In several cases, we've sold in two and a half weeks what we originally estimated would be our annual requirements.
When one competing food industry executive was critical of Nichol, noting the irony of heavily advertising No Name when generics typically went unadvertised to hold down costs, Nichol pointed out that Loblaw had not increased its promotional budget but simply redirected its advertising dollars towards the new line.  A year later, the number of No Name products had increased to a hundred different items and represented five percent of Loblaws sales.Within months of the No Name launch, Loblaw opened a prototype No Frills store in East York. Also known as a 'box store,' since items were not individually shelved but left in their cardboard shipping cartons, usually with the front cut away, the new store advertised "the lowest overall prices in Toronto." Though customers had to pack their own groceries, bring their own bags or pay three cents apiece, and contend with a limited selection of only 500 items, shoppers crowded the store on opening day.  Customers gave up other standard conveniences, such as full-service meat or dairy departments, since
refrigeration units had been removed to cut costs. In spite of the limited selection and minimal service, the first No Frills store proved a success and within months the company converted two more Loblaws locations to the new deep discount format.

 President's Choice 

While the original No Name line-up was promoted as basic, everyday items at considerable savings, Dave Nichol eventually began experimenting with the product line-up by adding more upscale items.  Products such as Gourmet Barbecue Sauce, Escargot and imported jams began appearing in the familiar yellow and black generic packaging. When President’s Blend Gourmet Coffee was launched in time for Christmas 1983, it was soon outselling every other grocery item on Loblaws shelves. Nichol concluded that consumers wanted to go up-market and the decision was made to develop an entire line of upscale products under its own private label brand.Modelled on the Marks & Spencer St. Michael in-house brand, and touted as being equal to or better in quality than competing national brands at less money, President’s Choice was personally endorsed by Nichol as president of Loblaw Supermarkets.
The introduction of the premium line also coincided with the advent of an advertising flyer entitled  "Dave Nichol’s Insider’s Report." Based on a California supermarket flyer called "Trader Joe’s Insider’s Report," and referred to as "a mix of Mad magazine and Consumer Reports, zaniness and food tips, wrapped up in a comic book format," the insert proved popular with Ontario households. The flyer also became an important advertising vehicle for President’s Choice, which it came to exclusively promote. One of Nichol's early product development successes was President’s Choice The Decadent Chocolate Chip Cookie, which took over a year to develop. Nichol and his team insisted on the use of real butter and twice as much chocolate per cookie as the leading national brand.  Although The Decadent was sold in only 17 percent of Canadian supermarkets, compared to 98 percent for Nabisco's Chips Ahoy!, "it fast became Canada's best selling cookie."

 Superstore and Liquorstore 

The 1980s saw further innovation with regard to store formats. In Western Canada, Westfair Foods, a Loblaw subsidiary, unveiled its first "superstore" in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, in 1979. Opened under the SuperValu banner, it was later renamed the Real Canadian Superstore. Modelled after the European hypermarket, the "combination store" included a large selection of general merchandise, along with a full supermarket component.Touted as a "one-stop shopping" destination, the new superstore carried some 30,000 SKUs (stock-keeping units), which expanded to 40,000 over the next decade. The new format not only provided economies of scale and permitted lower retail prices, but also meant that management could build stores on its own terms, rather than be
dependent on shopping mall construction. Sudbury, Ontario saw the first Superstore format in 1981 coinciding with the opening of the Sudbury Supermall.In 1985, with nine Real Canadian Superstores across Western Canada, Loblaw tried to duplicate their success in Eastern Canada with the opening of its first combination store at Pickering, Ontario. Eventually, 13 superstores, four times the size of a conventional supermarket with about a third of the space devoted to general merchandise, were opened in Ontario and the Maritimes. Sales, however, lagged. By 1988, with corporate profits almost cut in half, the company downsized eight of the operations, in some cases changing store banners and leasing out the redundant space to other retailers. "Had Loblaw Companies not owned the real estate, the conversion and sub-leasing penalties might have proven prohibitive."

 Expansion 
By the mid-1980s, Loblaw Companies Limited had become Canada's largest supermarket retailer.  Much of that success could be attributed to the effectiveness of the company's "control label" or private label program.  In the case of President's Choice, a key management strategy had been to create a line of products available nowhere else but Loblaw stores.The company also began extending the brand's market beyond Canada, making international inroads and in particular into the highly competitive American market.  By the early 1990s, not only were PC products increasingly available at select U.S. regional supermarket chains, Loblaw was supplying retail giant Wal-Mart, marketing President's Choice products under the brand Sam's American Choice, later shortened to Sam's Choice, named after company founder Sam Walton.  All indications were that Loblaw's control label program was starting to pay off south of the border:

President's Choice, the upscale private label at Loblaw's supermarkets, has been a resounding success in the United States – and has fired a rebellion of consumers and retailers against highly advertised, and therefore pricey, national brands.  Its products have found their way into more than 1,200 stores in 34 states.  The biggest deal is with Wal-Mart, which had $73 billion in sales in 1993.  Dave Nichol, the man behind President's Choice, reports that Wal-Mart's volume on Sam's American Choice and Great Value lines, also developed by Loblaw's, was up 300 percent last year.

Meantime, though, Wal-Mart had announced what media reports likened to an "invasion of Canada," namely the acquisition of 120 Woolco stores across the country. Though Wal-mart was barred from selling the private-label line developed by Loblaw in Canada, the two retailers eventually parted company as they increasingly became competitors in the Canadian marketplace.In November 1993, it was announced that Dave Nichol, who for the past decade had been so closely associated with President's Choice in terms of promotion and product development, was leaving his senior executive post to become a private label consultant.  Initially, both he and Loblaw expressed the desire to continue working together, with Nichol remaining on in the role of PC spokesman.  But as Nichol moved forward with plans to develop his own Dave Nichol brand of private label products with Cott Corporation of Toronto, presumably in competition with President's Choice, the relationship deteriorated.  Nichol hosted a couple more issues of Dave Nichol's Insider's Report but then vanished from the cover.  The November 1994 edition dropped his name to become simply The Insider's Report.  While media coverage of the Nichol/Loblaw split had been extensive, it seemingly had little or no negative impact on brand equity.  News reports later indicated that Loblaw, post-Nichol, was experiencing stronger-than-ever corporate earnings.As Loblaw expanded operations in Canada under an array of regional and market segment store banners, by the mid-1990s it divested the last of its retail holdings south of the border with the sale of National supermarkets in St. Louis and New Orleans. At the time, Loblaw president Richard Currie reiterated the company's objective to move strategically, which included exiting markets if capital could be better deployed elsewhere. He further stated the company's intent to enter the Quebec market.  In 1998, it did so with the purchase of Provigo, the Quebec-based supermarket chain with close to 250 outlets.  In order to comply with Competition Bureau concerns, Loblaw sold 47 Loeb stores in Ontario, acquired through the Provigo deal, to Metro-Richelieu and agreed to divest stores in eight other markets. The Provigo acquisition meant that Loblaw had become the leading food retailer in Quebec, with Metro a close second. That same year, Loblaw also made another regional acquisition with the purchase of the 80-store Agora chain in Atlantic Canada.  While other food chains, such as the Oshawa Group, struggled to turn a profit, Loblaw kept adding more stores and more square footage through acquisition and new construction:

Loblaw president Richard Currie laughs at the notion that Canada has too many grocery stores.  There's a lot of floor space, he allows, but never enough in the large, modern, well-equipped, one-stop shopping supermarkets that some Canadians like. Loblaw keeps expanding its fleet of 900 stores, adding about 10 percent to its floor space and sales each year, while increasing its profit margin.

In 1998, Loblaw become the first Canadian food retailer to extend its product mix into the realm of banking with the launch of "President's Choice Financial." Promoted as a very basic no-hassle, no-fee form of personal banking, conveniently located where you do your grocery shopping, PC Financial kiosks and automatic tellers began springing-up in supermarkets across the country.  While Loblaw provided the branding, the service-end was made possible through a partnership with the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.  Loblaw also promised a new loyalty program that would allow customers to redeem 'points' for free groceries – which later became "PC Points."  Within a year, Loblaw would have more than a hundred President's Choice Financial kiosks and bank machines.

 Management shakeup 
After almost 25 years at the helm of Loblaw Companies Limited, Richard J. Currie retired as company president in November 2000.  John Lederer, a veteran Loblaw executive, took over the top job.   As president, Lederer moved forward with a number of strategic initiatives. Administrative functions were consolidated as a new corporate headquarters was unveiled in Brampton, Ontario.  Warehouse operations were streamlined with the opening of new distribution centres as the company updated facilities and information technology.  And, once again, Loblaw made an effort to offer more general merchandise in its stores in the hope of becoming more of a 'one-stop' shopping destination for consumers – all moves presumably designed to combat the threat posed by a "looming Wal-Mart incursion" as the retail giant announced the opening of more Supercentres in Canada. But as supply chain problems took root, customers began to complain of empty Loblaw shelves and out-of-stock items, while suppliers expressed their frustration coordinating deliveries to distribution centres.  Unsold general merchandise began piling up in warehouses.  Meantime, key staff, such as company buyers, had quit rather than relocate to the new corporate headquarters.  Loblaw began losing money, quarter after quarter, and by the end of fiscal 2005, the company had recorded its first year-end loss in almost twenty years. In September 2006, John Lederer resigned as president of Loblaw Companies Limited and W.
Galen Weston stepped down as chairman of the board.  Weston's son, Galen G. Weston, was appointed executive chairman, while former Canadian Tire retail head Mark Foote became president and Allan Leighton, a prominent UK executive and longtime advisor to the senior Weston, took on the job of deputy chairman. Dalton Philips was later named Loblaw's chief operating officer.  Reaction to the management shakeup was mixed, with Richard Currie critical of the move, saying it was unnecessary, while Dave Nichol expressed his personal frustration that it took five quarters of declining earnings before action was finally taken.With the new management team in place, Loblaw completed a 100-day consultation in which senior executives met with store managers and employees to hear their concerns and complaints. Weston subsequently introduced a "simplify, innovate and grow" strategy designed to "fix the basics" by refocusing the company’s attention on food retailing.  He also publicly declared that it would take at least three years to turn operations around as the company continued to work out kinks in its supply chain and upgrade computer systems. By the end of 2007, Loblaw had returned to profitability.Since the departure of Dave Nichol a decade and a half before, Loblaw had been without a spokesman to pitch its brands and supermarkets. In 2007, in a major shift on the promotional side, executive chairman Galen Weston became the new public face of the company and in particular, its in-store private label products.  With the 2008 financial crisis and recession, Loblaw began to heavily promote not only President's Choice but also its generic No Name products as an economical alternative to higher-priced national brands. In a television commercial reminiscent of Nichol from the 1980s, Weston presented two shopping carts, one filled with No Name items and the other with comparable national brands to show how consumers might save on their grocery bills.On April 18, 2023, Loblaw announced that Galen Weston will be stepping back from the day-to-day activities as president and CEO. Per Bank, who has led Denmark's largest retailer, Sailing Group, for over a decade has been named the successor and will join the company in early 2024. Galen Weston will remain chairman of Loblaw and CEO of holding company George Weston Ltd.In early 2024, new CEO Per Bank announced new changes to the company's divisional operating structure, including the newly created hard discount division, encompassing NOFRILLS and Maxi - with the Real Canadian Superstore banner joining the Market Division.

 Joe Fresh 

In 2006, Loblaw and Canadian fashion designer Joe Mimran teamed up to launch "Joe Fresh" a line of low-cost clothing from contracted suppliers in Asia. Promoted as chic but highly affordable clothing, the new line is sold in supermarket and superstore aisles. Joe Fresh sales soon exceeded the company's own projections and Loblaw began expanding into children's wear, shoes, lingerie, beauty and bath products. In 2010, the first standalone store opened in Vancouver and Loblaw announced plans for 20 outlets across Canada.Loblaw unveiled a number of Joe Fresh permanent and pop-up stores in New York City and the surrounding region in what one Loblaw executive described as "very much a pilot project."   But Mimran, the former co-founder of Club Monaco, spoke less cautiously, envisioning 800 Joe Fresh stores across the United States within five years, with Asia and Europe the next logical international markets to take the brand.

 Environment 
Under Weston, Loblaw refocused its efforts in the area of corporate social responsibility, and in particularly on the environment, in issuing annual CSR reports. A line of more environmentally friendly GREEN products was launched (considered by many environmentalists and concerned consumers to be examples of greenwashing). Weston appeared in TV commercials to promote  "Canada's greenest shopping bag," a reusable grocery bag made of 85 percent post-consumer recycled plastic, designed to reduce the number of disposable bags that ended up in landfill sites by one billion a year. Loblaw also unveiled one energy-efficient, low emissions environmental flagship store in Scarborough, Ontario, and became the first Canadian supermarket chain to install a wind turbine to supply renewable electricity to one of its stores.In November 2008, Greenpeace alleged that Loblaw was selling 14 out of 15 fish species on that organization's "redlist" of those considered to be the most destructively farmed, and staged protests at some Toronto-area locations. The company denied the allegations, while the accuracy of the redlist itself has been challenged by U.S. government regulators and by the fish industry. Loblaw has since committed to sourcing all of its seafood from sustainable sources by 2013, and now features several Marine Stewardship Council-certified products under its President's Choice product line. Greenpeace's ratings of Loblaw's seafood initiatives have improved over the years and are now above all other national retailers (and second-highest of all retailers ranked), but were still classified as a failing grade in its 2010 report, based on an absence of labelling indicating where or how seafood is fished or farmed, and continued sale of some redlist species.

 T&T and Black Label 
In July 2009, Loblaw extended its presence in the ethnic retail market with its announced purchase of T&T Supermarket Inc., Canada's largest chain of Asian food stores, for some CA$225 million – 191 million in cash and the rest in preferred shares.  Founded in 1993, the 17-store chain, with outlets in British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario, recorded more than $500 million in annual sales.  T&T CEO Cindy Lee noted that some of the supermarket's customers already referred to it as the "Asian Loblaws."Loblaw rented a Toronto avant garde art gallery as backdrop to the launch of its new "Black Label" line of gourmet food products. The luxury grocery items, marketed under the President's Choice brand, were showcased via a celebrity chef by-invitation-only dinner party.  Promoted as "affordable indulgences," the products range in price from $1.99 to $24.99.  "From the smoky bacon marmalade, to the crumbly eight year old cheddar, to the cherry shiraz fruit jelly," the eclectic line-up is designed to compete with specialty stores.  Though dubbed "PC Black Label," the brand name does not actually appear on any of the items, with its largely black and white packaging and photography the primary clue to the product line's identity:

"It goes back to our first successful controlled brand product in a yellow and black package with No Name on it. It wasn’t until six years later that we actually put "No Name" on the packaging," Ian Gordon, vice president at Loblaw Brands Limited, explained.

Loblaw has published its own book of recipes. "The Epicurean's Companion" lists an eclectic assortment of dishes prepared using Black Label products including Cheddar Bacon Marmalade Toast and Porcini Glazed Mushrooms with Pancetta.

 Maple Leaf Gardens 

In 2004, Loblaw Companies purchased Maple Leaf Gardens, a former hockey arena in Toronto. In 2009, the company announced a CA$60 million project, in which it would partner with Ryerson University to construct a flagship Loblaws store at its ground level, as well as a multi-purpose athletics complex (the Mattamy Athletic Centre) for Ryerson in its upper levels, featuring volleyball and basketball courts, and a full-sized hockey rink. These plans had been delayed due to financial concerns, criticism over the purchase by residents, and conditions imposed by MLSE forbidding the purchaser from unduly using the building as a competing sports venue.The location, Loblaws at Maple Leaf Gardens, opened on November 30, 2011; the 85,000 square-foot store features many historical and architectural features of the old Gardens, including the spot where centre ice once stood. It also features artwork honouring notable events and concerts held at the arena, including murals and a blue maple leaf sculpture (in honour of the Toronto Maple Leafs) constructed from its seating. The store also includes an LCBO location, and a Joe Fresh store. Loblaw executive chairman Galen Weston explained that the store was designed to "[reimagine] the urban supermarket".

 Choice Properties 

In December 2012, Loblaw announced that it would spin off most of its real estate properties into a new publicly listed real estate investment trust.  The move would allow Loblaw to monetize the value of its real estate holdings, invest in its grocery business, by reducing taxes through tax advantages of the REIT structure.  Loblaw shares increased 24% on the news.   On July 5, 2013, the new REIT, Choice Properties REIT, held a CA$400 million IPO. Loblaw retained majority ownership in the new company.
In February 2018,  Choice announced that it would acquire Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust (CREIT), a diversified commercial REIT, for CA$3.9 billion.

 Shoppers Drug Mart and Pharmaprix 

On July 15, 2013, Loblaw announced that it would acquire Canada's largest pharmacy chain, Shoppers Drug Mart (branded "Pharmaprix" in the Province of Quebec), for CA$12.4 billion in a cash and stock deal. Galen G. Weston indicated the possibility for store brands from the two chains to appear in each other's stores following the merger, and that the merger would give Loblaw greater buying power for health and wellness products. The merger received approval by both shareholders and the Competition Bureau, allowing Loblaw to close the deal on March 28, 2014. Shoppers Drug Mart and its administration will continue to work as a separate operating division of Loblaw Companies Limited.Following the purchase, the Shoppers Drug Mart loyalty program Optimum was merged with Loblaw's PC Plus program to form PC Optimum.

 Banners 
Loblaw operates under many banners throughout Canada, so as to appeal to different niches but also to present the illusion of greater competition. While most of these banners are not likely to be abandoned in the near future, during much of the 2000s, the company focused on developing the large-format Real Canadian Superstore banner, which is gradually replacing some Loblaws and Zehrs locations in Ontario, as a national rival to Walmart Canada.Additionally, as part of a 2006 agreement with unionized employees in Ontario, Loblaw announced that it would introduce a new food-centred supermarket format (originally called the "Great Canadian Food Store") for locations not converted to the Superstore format. This format has since opened under the name "Loblaw Great Food". In total, 44 existing Ontario stores were planned to be converted to either the Superstore or Great Food format between 2006 and 2010, in addition to new construction and existing Superstores.The banners are listed below based primarily on their 2006 format classifications within Loblaw, though some individual locations may not match the specified format.

 Superstore 
Atlantic Superstore (The Maritimes)
Dominion Stores (Newfoundland)
Real Canadian Superstore (Ontario, Western Canada, and Yukon)
Maxi (Quebec)

 "Great Food" 
Loblaws / Loblaw Great Food / Loblaws CityMarket (Alberta, British Columbia and Southern Ontario)
Provigo / Provigo Le Marché (Quebec; some franchised)
T & T Supermarket (British Columbia (Greater Vancouver), Alberta (Calgary, Edmonton), Quebec (Montreal) and Ontario Greater Toronto Area, Ottawa)
Zehrs / Zehrs Great Food (Southwestern Ontario, South Central Ontario, Central Ontario)

 Primarily franchised 
SaveEasy (Atlantic Canada)
Fortinos (Hamilton, Toronto and suburban Golden Horseshoe)
SuperValu (Western Canada)
Shop Easy Foods (Western Canada)
Lucky Dollar Foods (Western Canada)
Red & White Food Stores (Atlantic Canada)
Valu-mart (Ontario)
Freshmart (Ontario, Nova Scotia)
L’Intermarché (Quebec)
Your Independent Grocer (Atlantic Canada, Alberta, British Columbia, Northwest Territories, Ontario, Saskatchewan, and Yukon)

 Hard discount 
Extra Foods (Western Canada and Ontario; some franchised)
Maxi / Maxi & Cie (Quebec)
No Frills (National except Quebec and the Territories; franchised)

 Wholesale / Cash and carry 
Atlantic Cash & Carry (Atlantic Canada)
Entrepôts Presto (Quebec)
Club Entrepôt (Quebec – formerly Club Entrepôt Provigo)
NG Cash & Carry (Ontario) – took on the old National Grocers Co. Ltd banner
Wholesale Club (Ontario, Western Canada and Nova Scotia)

 Liquor 
Real Canadian Liquorstore (Alberta, Saskatchewan)

 Defunct banners 
Atlantic SuperValu (Atlantic Canada) – operated by Loblaw's Atlantic Wholesalers in the 1990s and became Atlantic Superstore
Bells Markets (Western New York)
Better Foods Markets (Los Angeles)
Busy-B (Ontario)
Econo-Mart (Western Canada)
Gordon's (Ontario)
Louis Stores (Oakland, California)
OK Economy (Western Canada, Ontario)
Mr. Grocer (Ontario) – rebranded Dominion stores and sold by A&P Canada to National Grocers; name later phased out
Power (Ontario) – began as one store in Toronto in 1904 by Samuel and Sarah Weinstein and sold to Loblaws in 1953 and re-branded in 1972;
Super Centre (Southern and Southwestern Ontario) – stores converted to other Loblaw's brands and some sold off
IGA (supermarkets) (Atlantic Canada) rebranded as other Loblaws banners

 In-store brands 
Loblaw has a number of common products and services at many of its stores regardless of banner. These include:

President's Choice, no name and T&T private label products
DRUGStore Pharmacy and Loblaw Pharmacy.
"Upstairs at (store name)", a community room / cooking school. The cooking school offers kids, adults and teen cooking classes. As well, community room space is available for rent, and completely organized cooking birthday parties are available for children ages 5–16.
Joe Fresh, a clothing line, accessories. Joe Fresh cosmetics have now been rebranded to Quo (which is also a Shoppers Drug Mart brand.)
President's Choice Financial, an issuer of Mastercard credit cards.
PC Optimum, a rewards program designed to give points on online offers, through the PC Optimum app, and in-store offers.
PC Express, an online click and collect program available at certain Loblaw banner stores.
J± (stationery, batteries)
Jogi (sports accessories)
Jet Set Go (travel accessories)
Life (over-the-counter pharmacy items), the Exact brand is discontinued.
Life (over-the-counter medicinal accessories)
The Mobile Shop (Mobile Phone sellers)
Teddy's Choice (children's items)
Theodore & Pringle (optometrists)

 Petroleum 
Loblaw used to operate gas stations co-located with 213 of its stores, under brands such as Gas Bar, At The Pumps, À pleins gaz, and Refuel. In 2017, Loblaw announced that it had sold these operations to Brookfield Business Partners for $540 million.  The stations were subsequently rebranded as Mobil.

 Corporate governance 
The current members of the Board of Directors of Loblaw Companies Limited are: Galen Weston Jr. (Executive Chairman), Stephen E. Bachand, Paul M. Beeston, Gordon A. M. Currie, Anthony S. Fell, Christiane Germain, Anthony R. Graham, John S. Lacey, Nancy H. O. Lockhart, Thomas C. O'Neil, and John D. Wetmore.

 Controversies 
In April 2019, it was reported that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gave Loblaws a federal grant of $12 million Canadian dollars for new refrigeration units in their stores in order to agree to spending $36 million on upgrading their refrigerators to a more environmentally friendly model. Both Trudeau and the Canadian Environment Minister Catherine McKenna in April 2019 were criticized for allowing $12 million taxpayer dollars to go to the second richest family in Canada for new refrigerator installations. Joanne Dobson, and Meredith Logan, two of Loblaws top lobbyists, donated thousands of dollars to the Liberal Party of Canada, and hosted fundraising events for the Liberals and Trudeau family.In January 2018, Loblaws was implicated in price-fixing the cost of bread in Canada, taking part from 2001 until 2015. The company admitted its involvement in the scheme. In response to the price-fixing, in January 2018, all consumers were offered the chance to receive a $25 gift card for bread.  Previously, the company had estimated between 3 and 5 million Canadians would sign up. There was some criticism for the Loblaws policy of requiring an ID for the gift cards, which was investigated by the privacy commissioner of Canada and resulted in protests.Also in 2018, Loblaws was ordered to pay back taxes of $368 million in relation to a banking subsidiary in the Caribbean. It involved a Loblaws Inc. subsidiary in Barbados that had been renamed Glenhuron Bank. Loblaws had net earnings of around $800 million in 2018, and profits of $3 billion.In August 2019, the Supreme Court of Canada decided that Loblaws could not be held responsible for the Rana Plaza textile factory disaster which killed 1,130 people and seriously injured 2,520 others in Dhaka, Bangladesh. At the time, the garment factory was under an arm's length contract to manufacture items for Loblaws' Joe Fresh brand.In January 2020, it was reported that 800 employees were being laid off in Quebec and Ontario in 2021 when Loblaws switched to automated distribution at two of its major facilities. In May 2020, the franchise stated it would re-open service counters in the near future, after being closed for the COVID-19 pandemic. The company hiked employee pay in March 2020 for the coronavirus pandemic, upping wages by $2 per hour. The union Unifor criticized Loblaws for removing the pandemic pay bump in June 2020. Despite revenue growth, in July 2020, Loblaws reported that profits were down due to expenditures related to the pandemic. Starting September 1, 2020, it was announced that Loblaws and its associated company Shoppers Drug Mart were offering asymptomatic testing for COVID-19 at all their pharmacies.In March 2023, Galen Weston Jr. along with the CEOs of Metro Inc. and Empire Co. was summoned to testify before a House of Commons committee as part of an ongoing study on food price inflation. He informed lawmakers that the grocery chain earned $2.66 billion Canadian dollars before taxes in the previous year, at a pre-tax margin of 4.7%; up slightly from 4.6% a year earlier. Lawmakers were told that the higher margins came from pharmacy, cosmetic and apparel sales, while overall sales have benefitted from consumers shifting spending away from restaurants toward groceries.

 See also 
Supermarkets in Canada

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Robertstinnett.com – History of National Supermarkets Archived February 18, 2009, at the Wayback Machine

Spellling
Chrystia "Tia" Cabral (born May 18, 1991), known professionally as Spellling (stylized in all caps), is an American experimental pop musician based in Oakland, California. Cabral released her debut album, Pantheon of Me, in September 2017; Pitchfork felt it was "surely among the most overlooked debuts this calendar year". Signing to Sacred Bones Records in 2018, she followed up in February 2019 with Mazy Fly. It was met with universal acclaim by music critics, who enjoyed the dark and eerie qualities of Spellling's sound. Cabral released the third full-length Spellling album, The Turning Wheel, on June 25, 2021.

 Early life 
Cabral was born in Sacramento, California. She was raised in the Catholic Church, which would later influence her music.Cabral attended the University of California, Berkeley, studying philosophy for two semesters before changing her major to English literature after feeling "shamed out of the [philosophy] department" as the only femme person and person of color. She remained at Berkeley to pursue a Master of Fine Arts, which she completed in 2019.

 Career 
Cabral started her musical career in 2015, influenced by two events: watching a fellow San Francisco artist performing looped vocals; and the death of a close friend. At the time she was working as an elementary school teacher, and being around crayons inspired her to release a handmade CD called Crayola Church. Cabral said of the project: “I took a Crayola box and made a record based on every color in the box… I would wrap the CDs in children’s drawings and write the track listing, so some people have those [editions].”In 2017, she self released her debut album, Pantheon of Me. In 2019, she released a follow-up, Mazy Fly, to positive reviews. In 2021, she released her third album, The Turning Wheel, to similarly positive reviews. In 2023, she announced her fourth album, Spellling & the Mystery School, which would contain re-recordings of past material.

 Artistry 

 Influences 
When asked about her favorite albums, Cabral named Minnie Riperton's Come to My Garden, Kraftwerk's Computer World, and Iggy Pop's The Idiot.

 Discography 

 Albums 
Pantheon of Me (2017)
Mazy Fly (2019)
The Turning Wheel (2021)
Spellling & the Mystery School (2023)

 Singles 
"Hard to Please" (2018)
"Little Deer" (2021)
"Boys at School" (2021)
"Turning Wheel" (2021)
"Cherry / Under the Sun" (2023)
"Hard to Please (Reprise)" (2023)

 References 

 Further reading 
Ahn Lee. "SPELLLING on Friendship". Department of Art Practice, UC Berkeley. May 3, 2021.

 External links 
Spellling at Bandcamp
Spellling at Sacred Bones Records

NFC South
The National Football Conference – Southern Division or NFC South is one of the four divisions of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL). It was created prior to the 2002 NFL season, when the league realigned divisions after expanding to 32 teams. The NFC South currently has four member clubs: the Atlanta Falcons, Carolina Panthers, New Orleans Saints, and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Prior to the 2002 season, the Buccaneers belonged to the AFC West (1976) and NFC Central (1977–2001) (with their four division rivals in the Upper Midwest), while the other three teams were part of the geographically inaccurate NFC West.
The NFC South is one of two divisions to have each of its teams make a Super Bowl appearance since the 2002 realignment (along with the NFC West): Tampa Bay (2002 and 2020), Atlanta (2016), Carolina (2003 and 2015) and New Orleans (2009). Also since 2002, each team has won at least three division titles, making it one of three divisions in the league (the others are the NFC West and the NFC East) that hold this distinction. On January 3, 2021, the New Orleans Saints became the first ever team to sweep the NFC South in the regular season, despite losing to the eventual Super Bowl champions, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, in the playoffs.
Entering 2019, the Saints have the most wins among division members. The Saints' record is 375–438–5; their win in Super Bowl XLIV is the highlight of a 10–12 playoff record. The Falcons' record is 365–461–6 with a playoff record of 10–14; the Falcons lost in Super Bowls XXXIII and LI. The Buccaneers' record is 267–424–1 with a victory in both their Super Bowl appearances, Super Bowl XXXVII and Super Bowl LV, and an overall playoff record of 10–9. The Panthers have the best playoff winning percentage (9–8) of any team in the division with losses in Super Bowls XXXVIII and 50, with a regular season record of 195–204–1.
The NFC South is the only NFC division not to have any of the twelve "old-line" franchises that predate the 1960 launch of the American Football League, the NFL's former rival league. The oldest team is the Falcons, who began play in 1966, and the Saints began play only a year later in 1967. Each of the other NFC divisions has three clubs that began play earlier than 1960, while the remaining three such teams are in the American Football Conference.
The NFC South became the second division in five years to have a champion with a losing record, as the 2014 Carolina Panthers won the division with a 7–8–1 record. (The 2010 Seattle Seahawks won the NFC West with a 7–9 record.) Additionally, Carolina became the first team to repeat as NFC South champions since the creation of the division. The Panthers were the first team to win the NFC South three consecutive times, from 2013 to 2015; while the Saints were the first team to win the division four consecutive times from 2017 to 2020. On January 7, 2018, two NFC South teams (the Carolina Panthers and New Orleans Saints) met in the NFL playoffs for the first time since the division's creation in 2002. Before then, they were the only division left in the NFL who had never had teams face off against each other in the postseason.

 Division lineups 
 Place cursor over year for division champ or Super Bowl team.

 Division champions 

 Wild Card qualifiers 

 Total Playoff Berths as members of the NFC South 
(NFC South records since the division's creation in 2002)

 Season results 
Asterisk (*) Denotes Current Year

 Schedule rotation 

 Postseason oddities 
From 2003 to 2009, the team that placed last in the division the previous year would improve enough to reach the playoffs, usually by winning the division. Tampa Bay almost continued this trend in 2010, stopped only by losing a tiebreaker to Green Bay.
Carolina finished last in 2002 (7–9) and finished first in 2003 (11–5).
Atlanta finished last in 2003 (5–11) and finished first in 2004 (11–5).
Tampa Bay finished last in 2004 (5–11) and finished first in 2005 (11–5).
New Orleans finished last in 2005 (3–13) and finished first in 2006 (10–6).
Tampa Bay finished last in 2006 (4–12) and finished first in 2007 (9–7).
Atlanta finished last in 2007 (4–12) and finished second with a wild-card berth in 2008 (11–5).
New Orleans finished last in 2008 (8–8) and finished first in 2009 (13–3).
Tampa Bay finished last in 2009 (3–13) but despite finishing third in 2010 with a 10–6 record, did not make the playoffs, due to Green Bay holding the wild-card tiebreaker.
Carolina finished last in 2010 (2–14) and was eliminated from playoff contention in Week 14 of the 2011 season after going 4–9, becoming the first NFC South team to have a losing season after placing last in the division.
From 2002 to 2009, no team in the NFC South earned back-to-back playoff appearances. In Week 16 of the 2010 season, New Orleans clinched a wild-card berth, becoming the first NFC South team to earn consecutive playoff appearances. New Orleans earned three consecutive playoff appearances in the 2009, 2010, and 2011 seasons and four in a row from 2017 to 2020. Atlanta also earned three consecutive playoff appearances, in 2010, 2011 and 2012 and Carolina in 2013, 2014 and 2015. Tampa Bay made it three consecutive years of playing in the post-season in 2020, 2021, and 2022.
Each team has won the division at least four times and made a playoff appearance at least five times since the division's formation.
Each team has finished last in the division at least twice since the division's formation. Prior to 2012, no team has finished last in the division in consecutive seasons. Tampa Bay became the first team in the division to place last in the division in consecutive seasons.
From 2002 to 2011, there was an outright last place finisher in the division (i.e.: tiebreakers were not necessary to determine who finished last). That streak came to an end during the 2012 season, when Carolina, New Orleans, and Tampa Bay all finished at 7–9. This happened again in 2013, where both Atlanta and Tampa Bay finished 4–12.
In 2014, Carolina became the first team to defend the NFC South title. No other team in the division has managed to do so until New Orleans defeated Tampa Bay on December 9, 2018, and clinched the division for the second straight season.
In 2014, Carolina became the second team in NFL history to win its division and advance to the playoffs with a losing record (7–8–1). The first team to accomplish this is the 2010 Seahawks, who won the NFC West with a 7–9 record and beat New Orleans in a Wild Card game.
With Atlanta winning the 2016–17 NFC Championship, the NFC South became the first division since the 2002 realignment to have all four of its teams represent the NFC in the Super Bowl. (Tampa Bay 2002 and 2020, Carolina 2003 and 2015, New Orleans 2009, Atlanta 2016).
In the 2017 NFL season the NFC South had three of its teams qualify for the playoffs (Atlanta, New Orleans, Carolina). It was also the first time where two NFC South teams met in the playoffs, when New Orleans hosted and defeated Carolina in the Wild Card playoffs.
In 2020 the New Orleans Saints became the first team to sweep the entire division in the regular season as well as win 4 consecutive division titles. They would then lose to the eventual Super Bowl champions, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, in the playoffs.

 See also 
Falcons–Panthers rivalry
Falcons–Saints rivalry
Buccaneers–Panthers rivalry
Buccaneers–Saints rivalry

 References 

San Diego Gulls
The San Diego Gulls are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League (AHL) that began play in the 2015–16 season. Based in San Diego, California, and affiliated with the National Hockey League's Anaheim Ducks, the Gulls play their home games at the Pechanga Arena.
The team is the fifth hockey team in San Diego to use the "Gulls" name.  The Gulls are a relocation of the former Norfolk Admirals franchise, joining six other AHL franchises to form a new AHL Pacific Division. 

 History 
On January 29, 2015, the Anaheim Ducks announced that they would purchase their AHL affiliate, the Norfolk Admirals, and would be moving the team to San Diego as one of five charter members of the AHL's new Pacific Division.  The team plays at the Pechanga Arena San Diego, the sixth professional hockey team to play there, following the original San Diego Gulls of the WHL (1966–74), the San Diego Mariners of the WHA (1974–77), the San Diego Hawks/Mariners of the Pacific Hockey League (1977–79), the second San Diego Gulls of the IHL (1990–1995), and the third San Diego Gulls of the West Coast Hockey League (1995–2003) and later the ECHL (2003–06).The Gulls' name, logo and colors were revealed on February 22, 2015 at HockeyFest. HockeyFest was deemed a success, drawing over 8,500 enthusiastic hockey fans.The San Diego Gulls played their first home game on October 10, 2015, against the Grand Rapids Griffins. The team finished its inaugural season with an average attendance of 8,675, second in the league after the Hershey Bears.After four seasons and three playoff appearances, the Anaheim Ducks promoted Gulls' head coach Dallas Eakins to the same position with the Ducks. Former Florida Panthers' head coach Kevin Dineen was hired as the next head coach.Approaching the delayed 2020–21 season, due to COVID-19 pandemic considerations, the Gulls announced they would temporarily relocate and play the season out of the Ducks' practice rink, Great Park Ice & FivePoint Arena, in Irvine, California. The Gulls finished third in the Pacific Division and lost in the semifinals to the second place Bakersfield Condors in division postseason tournament. After two seasons, the Ducks did not extend head coach Dineen, instead hiring former Laval Rocket head coach Joel Bouchard. After a lackluster season under Bouchard, the Gulls would hire longtime AHL head coach Roy Sommer to be their 4th head coach in team history. 
In Sommer's only season as head coach of the Gulls, the Gulls finished with the worst points percentage and least amount of points in the AHL. Their .299 points percentage was the worst in franchise history.

 Rivalries 
The Gulls consider the Ontario Reign, the Los Angeles Kings AHL affiliate, to be their main rivals and advertise games as "Rivalry Night." The teams faced each other in the 2016 division finals, where the Reign defeated the Gulls 4–1 in a best-of-seven series. San Diego then defeated the Reign in the 2017 Calder Cup playoffs 3-games-to-2 in the division semifinals.

 Season-by-season records 

 Players 

 Current roster 
Updated February 2, 2024.

 Team captains 

 Team records and leaders 

 Scoring leaders 
These are the top-ten point-scorers for the San Diego Gulls in the AHL. Figures are updated after each completed season.Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games Played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; P/G = Points per game;   = current  Gulls player

 References 

 External links 
San Diego Gulls Official Website

Friend of the World
Friend of the World is a 2020 American independent black-and-white film written and directed by Brian Patrick Butler in his feature film debut, starring Nick Young and Alexandra Slade. The surreal experimental film takes place post-apocalypse and tells the story of a young filmmaker and a military general trapped in a bunker with a mysterious threat.
Written as a dark comedy body horror film in 2016, the film was produced by Charybdis Pictures. Filming took place at Gray Area Multimedia in San Diego in May, 2017.
Friend of the World premiered August 15, 2020 at the Oceanside International Film Festival and was released on Apple TV, Amazon Prime Video and Tubi by 2023. It was distributed by Cineverse and Troma Entertainment. The film has a 90% approval rating from 20 reviews on Rotten Tomatoes and ranks in Video Librarian's top 15 best narrative films of 2022.

 Plot 
Diane (Alexandra Slade) awakens in a bunker surrounded by dead bodies after a brutal massacre. After attempting to escape the structure, she eventually passes out at the bottom of an elevator shaft where she is rescued by a mysterious man who calls himself General Gore (Nick Young).
Though he plays mind games with her, Gore gives her food and water as he attempts to figure out who Diane is and how she got into the bunker. Still shaken, she has trouble piecing it together, but she can remember being taken there by force. She also tells him about the film she had been creating.
Gore hints at a contingency plan for escaping the bunker. Without a good alternative, Diane decides to follow him through the toxic environment in hopes of reaching safety. Along the way they are attacked by mutating creatures that were allegedly poisoned by radiation. A tension and psychological confrontation slowly develops between the two survivors as they get nearer to their destination and Diane feels her sanity start to slip.

 Cast 
Nick Young as Gore
Alexandra Slade as Diane
Michael C. Burgess as Berenger
Kathryn Schott as Eva
Kevin Smith as Thin Man
Luke Anthony Pensabene as Ferguson
Neil Raymond Ricco as Ignacio

 Production 

 2016–2017: Development and pre-production 
The script was formulated in 2016. Butler said the film is a "universal story about conceptions of good, evil, corruption and the twisted passing of the generational torch from a fractured, wisened psyche to a self-righteous, still-developing one." Inspiration came from American issues at the time such as nuclear anxiety, cynicism and the 2016 United States presidential election.Pre-production started around August 2016. For casting, Nick Young said he was stumbled upon while performing on stage and was cast as Gore after being asked to audition by mobile video. The character of Diane was originally written as a young man, but scheduling conflicts and delays led to rewrites and ultimately Alexandra Slade was cast in the role. Kerry Rossall contributed to the production as executive producer, funding the project directly.

 2017–2019: Principal photography and post-production 
Principal photography began on May 13, 2017, in San Diego County and lasted for ten days. The majority of filming took place at Gray Area Multimedia, an underground studio which doubled as a bunker, a key location Butler had intended to use for the production. One of the exterior scenes was filmed at Sunset Cliffs, a location Butler chose to resemble the beauty of the world before chaos. Another location was the Tierrasanta entrance to Mission Trails Regional Park near Camp Elliott. The cinematography was handled by Ray Gallardo and the special make-up effects by C.J. Martinez. Butler had a rough cut of the film ready within months of wrapping but the final stages were not complete until 2019, after Daniel N. Butler edited the visual effects and sound. The production was Butler's directorial feature length debut and the first film of his longer than a 15 minute runtime. Upon completing the film, Butler said:

It is roughly an hour-long dark comedy sci-fi with a Twilight Zone feel and elements of body horror, absurd humor and satire.

 Music 

Corin Totin of Sick Flix mentioned the film has "a background score of an almost unrecognizably discordant version of Ode to Joy." Celia Payne of Let's Talk Terror said "a surprisingly gleeful string arrangement accompanies scenes where humans-turned-monstrosities melt into themselves, shape-shift, and eat rats, bringing the audience into their world of insanity."

 Themes 

 Style 
Melissa Hannon at Horror Geek Life said "although it technically falls within the post-apocalyptic category, Friend of the World defies any specific genre." Mark Harris at Black Horror Movies mentioned it mixes horror and sci-fi with heady drama. Several critics pointed out that it is a body horror film. Others conclude that it is a strange avant-garde art film filled with subtext. Lisa Marie Bowman at Through the Shattered Lens said it comes with "a hint of Kubrickian satire" with scenes reminiscent of Alien, concluding that surviving the end of the world does not mean you'll have a choice on who remains with you. Joseph Perry at Horror Fuel mentioned it's like The Twilight Zone if Rod Serling and Charles Beaumont ate psychedelic material, or if ideas from Dr. Strangelove, Night of the Living Dead and Apocalypse Now were merged. Albert Valentin of World Film Geek claims it is a zombie apocalypse film in the realm of "Romero meets Muschietti meets Cronenberg." Redmond Bacon at Tilt Magazine said it blends the zombie film genre with the existential film drama, acknowledging Butler, as if he had a "Raging Bull-like" David Lynch version of 10 Cloverfield Lane. Sean Parker of Horror Obsessive mentioned it has similarities to The Divine Comedy, with political satire and doomsday conspiracies. Paul Klein at Filmhounds Magazine said the "weird mix of horror and comedy" felt like a "companion piece" to The Lighthouse.

Butler chose to have the film mostly in black-and-white to accentuate the perspective of Gore's world. Alain Elliott at Nerdly said shooting in black and white helped its style and low-budget film constraints. Milana Vujkov at Lola on Film claims it has "a terrifyingly delightful string of corruptive catalysts, explosive apparitions of post-humanity, taken straight out of Burroughs" and that the "unsustainability of the human condition in a genetically modified apocalypse is a mix of home movie and Brechtian theatre play." Dennis Schwartz Movie Reviews said that the fifty minute film is split up into chapters which allows for viewers to ponder at the nonlinear narrative. Jeremie Sabourin at Cinema Smack mentions that some filmmakers will extend a narrative out to ninety minutes even if they don't have enough story to tell. "With Friend of the World though, it sometimes feels like there's ninety minutes of content compacted into its fifty minute runtime." Celia Payne at Let's Talk Terror appreciated its shorter runtime, stating that "it shows the filmmakers know when their story is done and don't try to extend when not necessary." Butler claims he structured the film to be around fifty minutes, like an episode of Twilight Zone or Black Mirror. Butler said:In this day and age I think it would fit nicely within a streaming service – whether self-contained, part of an anthology series, or expanded into multiple episodes of a larger story.

 Connection to reality 

Karla Peterson at The San Diego Union Tribune said that Butler did not anticipate his feature-film debut to happen virtually during an actual pandemic, although "the surreal environment is a perfect match for an unsettling film where the source of chaos might just be a contagion." Being made available around a global conflict, during a pandemic and controversial election year, it was received by critics as a prophetic experience.
When we look back on the quarantine days it will be films like this and Host that will stand as an artistic representation of the anxieties of the time.

 Character analysis 
Jeremie Sabourin at Cinema Smack claims "Friend of the World also feels like a natural continuation of our current world due to its characters." Rebecca Cherry at Film Carnage said it makes a good attempt to identify "a more character driven apocalyptic story pulling elements from a modern America." Jim Morazzini of Voices From The Balcony claimed the characters as being "archetypes at opposite ends of American society" and compared the uncertain reality of the film to "An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge like flight of a mind approaching death." Brian Robertson of The Vista Press said "its characters echo a disturbing truth that is currently plaguing our nation today." Conor McShane at Morbidly Beautiful said it's a film that brings up the ideological and racial divides in America.

 Protagonist 
Diane (Alexandra Slade) is a young black woman, who's an artist and millennial filmmaker. She is a grounded, level-headed individual with liberal views. Joel Fisher of Battle Royale With Cheese points out that Diane being a filmmaker is Butler allowing the audience to "smile a little at the director mocking himself."

 Antagonist 
General Gore (Nick Young) is an old, heavily built military officer who seems increasingly unhinged. S Dewhirst of Set The Tape said he is "wild-eyed and larger than life, a big man with a big voice, big gut and big ideals." Critics have compared him to Sterling Hayden's Jack D. Ripper of Dr. Strangelove, Powers Boothe's Senator Ethan Roark of Sin City, Jack Nicholson's Jack Torrance of The Shining, and his voice to Anthony Hopkins and Gerald Mohr.

 Influence 
In an interview with Times of San Diego, Butler stated that Friend of the World's style was inspired by the works of Samuel Beckett, Jean-Paul Sartre, John Carpenter and David Cronenberg. He mentioned that political anxieties and absurdist theatre helped inspire him to write. The film is said to draw inspiration from films and television such as The Twilight Zone, Dr. Strangelove, The Thing and La Jetée, as well as plays such as No Exit and Krapp's Last Tape. It is a two-hander film with "comic absurdity and social satire" that broadens the "body horror subgenre of science fiction and horror."

 Bible verse 
Therefore whoever wishes to be a friend of the world makes himself an enemy of God.
When asked if the film's title had any biblical influence, Butler confirmed it did not.

 Release 
The film was to premiere in early 2020, but the COVID-19 pandemic delayed its release. Friend of the World held a seven day virtual world premiere at the Oceanside International Film Festival on August 15, 2020. In December 2020, a second virtual screening was held at Another Hole in the Head Film Festival. In 2021, it was released on Plex and Amazon Prime Video and screened at San Diego Film Week. In 2022, it released on Tubi and Xumo and was acquired by Troma Entertainment on their streaming app Troma Now. By 2023, the film was distributed by Cineverse and released to an international audience on Apple TV and iTunes.

 Reception 

 Critical response 
Friend of the World received mostly positive reviews from critics. It has a 90% approval rating on film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes with an average score of 5.9/10 based on twenty reviews.

Ally Ham at Video Librarian scored it 4.5 out of 5, stating that "Friend of the World is an evocative indie gem serving a little bit of science fiction, some dark comedy, and a healthy dose of body horror." John Noonan at FilmInk said "in some ways, Friend of the World is a black comedic theatre piece translated to celluloid." Rob Rector of Film Threat scored the film 6 out of 10 and said it "works more like a stage play than a film [...] but it does share a persistent dread and discomfort" comparing it to Possum by Matthew Holness. Douglas Davidson at Elements of Madness said it "has something real to say regarding interpersonal strife powered by misinformation and the narrow view of only certain parts of humanity." Melissa Hannon at Horror Geek Life awarded the film 3.7 out of 5 stars, writing "Friend of the World is truly an acid trip of a movie." Jeremie Sabourin at Cinema Smack gave it 3.5 out of 5 and felt the tone matched Night of the Living Dead as if done by Terry Gilliam claiming that "its nightmarish and claustrophobic setting will have viewers on edge." Corin Totin of Sick Flix rated the film 4.5 out of 5, comparing it to Tetsuo: The Iron Man, declaring "this is a piece of art that is very much of this moment and really taps into the surreal horror that we are experiencing in the world at large right now."
This is how you take on a genre that has been done to death.
Film critic Daniel M. Kimmel of the Boston Online Film Critics Association said "It makes for a disturbing 50-minute running time that is engaging but will likely leave you wondering what it was all about." Cheryl Eddy at Io9 says "there are flickers of humor along the way, as well as a slight story twist that explains the film's title." Tim Brennan of About Boulder admitted arthouse films can be intimidating to watch, but called it a "strange little art film made with intelligence and wit." Anton Bitel at Projected Figures said the film "uses bunkered post-apocalyptic sci-fi/body horror to reconcile an imperfect, polarised world." Alain Elliott of Nerdly said the dialogue driven performances are good and that "when you think post-apocalyptic zombie movie, this movie and its script isn't what you expect." Mitchell Brown at Slay Away said it is a "strange film that is at its best when it focuses on the dialogue and performances of the two leads." Hugues Porquier from Battle Royale With Cheese called it "interesting writing" and "clean photography." They mentioned a possible reference to Leos Carax's Boy Meets Girl and said it reminded them of Videodrome and Existenz, swinging "between realism and surrealism." Nils Gollersrud at Loud And Clear Reviews said "the film succeeds best in crafting an eerie paranoia and unpredictability that keeps it watchable." Mark H. Harris of Black Horror Movies said "the articulate script is dialogue-heavy with a philosophical bent" and it "presents some thoughtful takes on identity, individualism and reconciling divergent worldviews." S Dewhirst of Set The Tape said it has "themes of genetic engineering, world war, propaganda, paranoia and zombies" and that "fans of the off-beat, the weird, and the not-quite-mainstream will likely find plenty to enjoy in this strange, starkly-shot trip through the bunkers and cellars of a ruined world." Kristy Strouse at Wonderfully Weird & Horrifying said that even though the film "sometimes meanders, the captivating performances, gnarly practical effects, and intelligent direction make the most of its limited screen time."
When it comes down to it, the film's twisted, mind-bending journey really leads viewers back to themselves, and to what they would do if they were in Diane's bloody shoes.
Corey Bulloch of UK Film Review claims it has "world-building that leaves more confusion than intrigue" and "constant ambiguity that it's hard for the audience to maintain invested interest." Keri O'Shea at Warped Perspective said that it "needed to commit to something – oddness, aesthetics, or plot." Rebecca Cherry at Film Carnage gave it 2 out of 5 and said "There's the classic theme of survival as with any apocalypse film but the threat isn't sufficient enough to add the right amount of tension or suspense to keep you gripped or invested in the characters' fate." MontiLee Stormer at Movie Reelist scored it 2 out of 5 and said to "save this one as a palette cleanser between a Waters film and a Lynch film." Lindsey Ungerman at Horror Buzz said it had "Tarantino vibes", was "attention-grabbing and engaging but loses steam quickly due to story ambiguity and spasmodic dialogue." They rated it 3 out of 10 concluding that the film was "definitely beautiful" but "too chaotic." Marie Asner of The Phantom Tollbooth scored it 1 out of 5 and came to the conclusion that it "would have made a better radio drama than a film." Josh Taylor at Nightmarish Conjurings said that "it's a clever film that never feels clever enough for its own premise."
Characters and storylines were buried under the rubble of the apocalypse this film finds itself in.
Friend of the World ranks on Bored Panda's 50 Best Horror Comedies That Will Have You Confused Whether To Laugh Or Scream list and is one of Video Librarian's Top 15 Best Narrative Films of 2022.

 Accolades 

 See also 

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Friend of the World at IMDb 
Friend of the World at Rotten Tomatoes
Friend of the World at Letterboxd
Trailer on YouTube

Romer v. Evans
Romer v. Evans, 517 U.S. 620 (1996), is a landmark United States Supreme Court case dealing with sexual orientation and state laws.  It was the first Supreme Court case to address gay rights since Bowers v. Hardwick (1986), when the Court had held that laws criminalizing sodomy were constitutional.The Court ruled in a 6–3 decision that a state constitutional amendment in Colorado preventing protected status based upon homosexuality or bisexuality did not satisfy the Equal Protection Clause. The majority opinion in Romer stated that the amendment lacked "a rational relationship to legitimate state interests", and the dissent stated that the majority "evidently agrees that 'rational basis'—the normal test for compliance with the Equal Protection Clause—is the governing standard". The state constitutional amendment failed rational basis review.The decision in Romer set the stage for Lawrence v. Texas (2003), where the Court overruled its decision in Bowers; for the Supreme Court ruling striking down Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act in United States v. Windsor (2013); and for the Court's ruling striking down state bans on same-sex marriage in Obergefell v. Hodges (2015). Justice Anthony Kennedy authored all four opinions, and was joined by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer in every one.

 Passage of Amendment 2 

In 1992, Colorado voters approved by initiative an amendment to the Colorado state constitution (Amendment 2) that would have prevented any city, town, or county in the state from taking any legislative, executive, or judicial action to recognize homosexuals or bisexuals as a protected class. The amendment stated:

Neither the State of Colorado, through any of its branches or departments, nor any of its agencies, political subdivisions, municipalities or school districts, shall enact, adopt or enforce any statute, regulation, ordinance or policy whereby homosexual, lesbian or bisexual orientation, conduct, practices or relationships shall constitute or otherwise be the basis of or entitle any person or class of persons to have or claim any minority status, quota preferences, protected status or claim of discrimination. This Section of the Constitution shall be in all respects self-executing.
That amendment was approved by a vote of 53% to 47%. According to public opinion surveys, Coloradans strongly opposed discrimination based upon sexual orientation, but at the same time they opposed affirmative action based upon sexual orientation, and the latter concern is what led to the adoption of Amendment 2.  The governor of Colorado, Roy Romer, opposed the measure, but also opposed retaliatory boycotts against his state.

 Proceedings in state court 
Richard G. Evans, a gay man who worked for Denver mayor Wellington Webb, as well as other individuals and three Colorado municipalities, brought suit to enjoin the amendment. A former Colorado Supreme Court justice, Jean Dubofsky, was the lead attorney. A state trial court issued a permanent injunction against the amendment, and upon appeal, the Colorado Supreme Court ruled that the amendment was subject to "strict scrutiny" under the Equal Protection Clause of the federal Constitution. The state trial court, upon remand, concluded that the amendment could not pass strict scrutiny, which the Colorado Supreme Court agreed with upon review. Both times, the Colorado Supreme Court rendered 2–1 decisions.The state supreme court held that Amendment 2 infringed on the fundamental right of gays to participate equally in the political process.  Regarding the trial court's finding that homosexuals were not a suspect class, the Colorado Supreme Court said: "This ruling has not been appealed and thus, we do not address it."
The majority of the Colorado Supreme Court acknowledged that Amendment 2 would not affect Colorado law that generally protects people from discrimination:

Colorado law currently proscribes discrimination against persons who are not suspect classes. ... Of course Amendment 2 is not intended to have any effect on this legislation, but seeks only to prevent the adoption of anti-discrimination laws intended to protect gays, lesbians, and bisexuals.
The dissenting justice on the Colorado Supreme Court argued that neither a suspect class nor a fundamental right was involved in the case, and thus he would have applied a rational basis test instead of strict scrutiny.

 U.S. Supreme Court ruling 
The case was argued on October 10, 1995. On May 20, 1996, the court ruled 6–3 that Colorado's Amendment 2 was unconstitutional, though on different reasoning from the Colorado courts. Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote the majority opinion, and was joined by John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day O'Connor, David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer. The Court majority held that the Colorado constitutional amendment targeting homosexuals based upon animosity lacked a rational relation to any legitimate governmental purpose.Regarding the state's argument that Amendment 2 blocked homosexuals merely from receiving "special rights", Kennedy wrote:

Amendment 2's reach may not be limited to specific laws passed for the benefit of gays and lesbians. It is a fair, if not necessary, inference from the broad language of the amendment that it deprives gays and lesbians even of the protection of general laws and policies that prohibit arbitrary discrimination in governmental and private settings. ... The state court did not decide whether the amendment has this effect, however, and neither need we.
While leaving that question unresolved by his opinion, Kennedy concluded that the amendment imposed a special disability upon homosexuals by forbidding them to seek safeguards "without constraint". Instead of applying "strict scrutiny" to Amendment 2 (as the Colorado Supreme Court had done), Kennedy wrote that it did not even meet the much lower requirement of having a rational relationship to a legitimate government purpose:
Its sheer breadth is so discontinuous with the reasons offered for it that the amendment seems inexplicable by anything but animus toward the class that it affects; it lacks a rational relationship to legitimate state interests.
And:

[Amendment 2] is at once too narrow and too broad. It identifies persons by a single trait and then denies them protection across the board. The resulting disqualification of a class of persons from the right to seek specific protection from the law is unprecedented in our jurisprudence.
Kennedy did not go into depth in rejecting the claims put forward in support of the law (e.g. protecting the rights of landlords to evict gay tenants if they found homosexuality morally offensive), instead holding that the law was so unique as to "confound this normal process of judicial review" and "defies ... conventional inquiry."  He elaborated:  "It is not within our constitutional tradition to enact laws of this sort."Finding that "laws of the kind now before us raise the inevitable inference that the disadvantage imposed is born of animosity toward the class of persons affected," the Court inferred that the passage of Amendment 2 was born of a "bare ... desire to harm a politically unpopular group".  The Court added: "[I]f the constitutional conception of 'equal protection of the laws' means anything, it must at the very least mean that a bare ... desire to harm a politically unpopular group cannot constitute a legitimate governmental interest."(emphasis added) The majority opinion in Romer neither mentioned nor overruled the Court's prior opinion in Bowers v. Hardwick, which allowed outright bans on homosexual activity.

 Dissenting opinion 
Justice Antonin Scalia wrote the dissent, joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas. Scalia asserted that Amendment 2 did not deprive anyone of the "protection [afforded by] general laws and policies that prohibit arbitrary discrimination in governmental and private settings", which he said was confirmed by the Colorado Supreme Court and not disputed by Justice Kennedy's opinion.  Scalia's dissent said Amendment 2 merely provided that homosexuals "cannot as readily as others obtain preferential treatment under the laws".  His objections also included these:

Regarding the Court's earlier decision in Bowers v. Hardwick, Scalia wrote:  "If it is rational to criminalize the conduct, surely it is rational to deny special favor and protection to those with a self-avowed tendency or desire to engage in the conduct."
Davis v. Beason (1890) had held that laws against polygamy were not an "impermissible targeting" of polygamists, and Scalia asked: "Has the Court concluded that the perceived social harm of polygamy is a 'legitimate concern of government,' and the perceived social harm of homosexuality is not?"
The Court, Scalia said, was engaged in judicial activism; as the Constitution says nothing on the topic, it should be decided by democratic processes.  The dissent added: "it [is] no business of the courts (as opposed to the political branches) to take sides in this culture war. But the Court today has done so, not only by inventing a novel and extravagant constitutional doctrine to take the victory away from traditional forces, but even by verbally disparaging as bigotry adherence to traditional attitudes."The dissent concluded as follows:

Today's opinion has no foundation in American constitutional law, and barely pretends to. The people of Colorado have adopted an entirely reasonable provision which does not even disfavor homosexuals in any substantive sense, but merely denies them preferential treatment. Amendment 2 is designed to prevent piecemeal deterioration of the sexual morality favored by a majority of Coloradans, and is not only an appropriate means to that legitimate end, but a means that Americans have employed before. Striking it down is an act, not of judicial judgment, but of political will.

 Scholarly commentary 
The Court's opinion in Romer did not closely follow established equal protection doctrine (Amendment 2 "defied ... conventional inquiry" wrote Justice Kennedy), and the opinion led to much discussion by scholars and lawyers.  One article that received widespread attention was by Akhil Amar, a prominent law professor at Yale. Amar wrote:
The Constitution does not require that "special" antidiscrimination rights, once extended, irrevocably vest via some magic and antidemocratic one-way ratchet.  And if Denver, Aspen, and Boulder can repeal these ordinances, presumably the Colorado legislature can repeal them by statute; and so too the people of Colorado can repeal them by state constitutional amendment (via initiative or referendum). To think otherwise is terminally silly.
Still, Amar asserted that Amendment 2 violated the Equal Protection Clause (although he preferred an alternative argument based on the Attainder Clause).  Regarding the Equal Protection Clause, Amar wrote:
Under Amendment 2, heterosexuals could win local ordinances and state laws protecting themselves from being discriminated against on the basis of their sexual orientation, but nonheteros could not win symmetric ordinances and laws.
Putting aside the odds of discrimination against heterosexuals, Amar suggested that even if Amendment 2 had barred special protection for both heterosexuals and homosexuals, that still would have been unconstitutional because it would single out groups by name for harm, just like a law that says "Akhil Reed Amar shall be ineligible for a private immigration bill or a suspension of deportation".The "one-way ratchet" mentioned by Amar has been discussed by other authors as well.  For example, law professor John Calvin Jeffries has argued that the Court in Romer was actually relying upon a principle of non-retrogression, whereby "The Constitution becomes a ratchet, allowing change in one direction only." Jeffries and his co-author, Daryl Levinson, conclude: "the revival of non-retrogression as a constitutional principle is symptomatic of a Supreme Court adrift in an age of judicial activism."Supporters of the decision, such as law professor Louis Michael Seidman, celebrated its "radical" nature, and hailed it as a revival of the Warren Court's activism.  According to law professor Evan Gerstmann, the Court in Romer left unmentioned and unconsidered many purposes of Amendment 2 that the Colorado courts had acknowledged as legitimate. "[T]here are no standards at all to restrict the [US Supreme] Court's discretion. ... But there are important reasons to be concerned about the Court's sloppy reasoning in Romer. While the Supreme Court's decision was widely viewed as a victory for gay and lesbian rights, it is a victory that is narrow and perhaps Pyrrhic. While Romer is something of a breakthrough for gays and lesbians, the case really represents a change in sentiment rather than a change in law. Gays and lesbians are still at the bottom of the equal protection hierarchy." The case, says Gerstmann, "has left the law of equal protection even murkier than before. ... This is not equal protection of the laws. It is the very opposite of equal protection. It is a loose conglomeration of stated legal principles that are, in fact, ignored, and unstated de facto rules that allow courts to apply different standards to different groups at different times based on judicial sentiment rather than judicial reason. The courts can do better than this."

 Related cases and events 
In 1993, Cincinnati, Ohio, passed Ballot Issue 3, an amendment to the city charter, which forbade the city from adopting or enforcing civil rights ordinances based on sexual orientation, the only municipality in the United States to pass such a restriction. The wording of Cincinnati's amendment was almost identical to that of Colorado's. The amendment was upheld by the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in 1996.  Later, the case was remanded by the Supreme Court for further consideration in 1997 in the wake of the Romer decision.  The Sixth Circuit upheld the amendment a second time, differentiating it from the state-level amendment on the grounds that it was a local government action of the type that Amendment 2 was designed to preempt. On October 13, 1998, the Supreme Court rejected an appeal, allowing the Sixth Circuit decision and the city amendment to stand. In 2005, Cincinnati voters overturned the amendment.Since Romer stood in obvious tension with the Court's earlier decision in Bowers v. Hardwick, it laid the groundwork for 2003's Lawrence v. Texas, which overturned Bowers; like the Romer case, Justices Kennedy and Scalia would author the majority and dissenting opinions in Lawrence with all nine justices voting almost the same way as in Romer (Justice O'Connor concurred, but with a different rationale). Romer has been narrowly cited but influential within its niche, being cited in the cases of Lawrence v. Texas and Hollingsworth v. Perry, but the case has not had a much broader impact given the Court's assertion that it was conducting neither a "normal process of judicial review" nor a "conventional inquiry."  In the same niche, Romer was cited in the decision of Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court case Goodridge v. Department of Public Health, wherein the Department's desire to deny marriage licences to same-sex couples was explicitly likened to Amendment 2's attempt to broadly restrict from seeking benefits a narrowly defined class of citizens.In 2007, fifteen years after the referendum on Amendment 2, the Colorado legislature amended its anti-discrimination law by forbidding discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity, in employment. In 2008, Colorado further expanded its LGBT protections to include housing, public accommodation, and advertising.
Future Chief Justice John Roberts donated time pro bono to prepare oral arguments for the plaintiffs. Speaking during his nomination process, a case leader, Walter A. Smith Jr., praised his work on the case, recalling,  "He said, 'Let's do it.' And it's illustrative of his open-mindedness, his fair-mindedness. He did a brilliant job."

 See also 
1996 in LGBT rights
Colorado for Family Values
Compelling state interest
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 517
List of United States Supreme Court cases by the Rehnquist Court
List of LGBT-related cases in the United States Supreme Court

 References 

 Further reading 

 External links 

Text of Romer v. Evans, 517 U.S. 620 (1996) is available from: Cornell  CourtListener  Google Scholar  Justia  Library of Congress  Oyez (oral argument audio)

Gianni Schicchi
Gianni Schicchi (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdʒanni ˈskikki]) is a comic opera in one act by Giacomo Puccini to an Italian libretto by Giovacchino Forzano, composed in 1917–18. The libretto is based on an incident mentioned in Dante's Divine Comedy. The work is the third and final part of Puccini's Il trittico (The Triptych) – three one-act operas with contrasting themes, originally written to be presented together. Although it continues to be performed with one or both of the other trittico operas, Gianni Schicchi is now more frequently staged either alone or with short operas by other composers. The aria "O mio babbino caro" is one of Puccini's best known, and one of the most popular arias in opera.
Puccini had long considered writing a set of one-act operas which would be performed together in a single evening, but faced with a lack of suitable subjects and opposition from his publisher, he repeatedly put the project aside. However, by 1916 Puccini had completed the one-act tragedy Il tabarro and, after considering various ideas, he began work the following year on the solemn, religious, all-female opera Suor Angelica. Gianni Schicchi, a comedy, completes the triptych with a further contrast of mood. The score combines elements of Puccini's modern style of harmonic dissonance with lyrical passages reminiscent of Rossini, and it has been praised for its inventiveness and imagination.
When Il trittico premiered at New York's Metropolitan Opera in December 1918, Gianni Schicchi became an immediate hit, while the other two operas were received with less enthusiasm. This pattern was broadly repeated at the Rome and London premieres and led to commercial pressures to abandon the less successful elements. Although on artistic grounds Puccini opposed performing the three operas except as the original triptych, by 1920 he had given his reluctant consent to separate performances. Gianni Schicchi has subsequently become the most-performed part of Il trittico and has been widely recorded.

 Historical background 
Gianni Schicchi de' Cavalcanti was a 13th-century Italian knight, a Florentine historical figure mentioned by Dante in the Inferno, Canto XXX. In that canto, Dante visits the Circle of Impersonators and sees a man savagely attacking another: he is told that the attacker is Schicchi, condemned to Hell for impersonating Buoso Donati and making his will highly favorable to Schicchi.The plot used in the opera derives from an 1866 edition of The Divine Comedy by philologist Pietro Fanfani, which contained an appendix with a commentary attributed to an anonymous Florentine of the 14th century. In this version, Buoso wishes to make a will, but is put off doing so by his son, Simone. Once it is too late, Simone fears that Buoso, before his illness, may have made a will unfavourable to him. Simone calls on Schicchi for advice, and Schicchi has the idea of impersonating Buoso and making a new will. Simone promises Schicchi he will be well rewarded, but Schicchi takes no chances, "leaving" a considerable sum and Buoso's mule to himself (though most goes to Simone), and makes the bequests conditional on Simone's distributing the estate within fifteen days, otherwise everything will go to charity.Both Schicchi and Buoso Donati were historical characters. Dante's verses, and the opera, are based on an actual incident that took place in 13th century Florence. Dante had several reasons for his harsh treatment of Schicchi: Dante's wife, Gemma, was of the Donati family; the poet himself was of pure Florentine descent. He despised members of the peasant class such as Schicchi. Dante's class prejudice displays itself in several episodes in the Inferno: in one, three noble Florentines, who have died and gone to Hell, ask Dante for news of their home city. A disgusted Dante tells them that the city is now dominated by the nouveau riche.According to Burton Fisher, Puccini and Forzano borrowed heavily from the commedia dell'arte tradition in Gianni Schicchi. Schicchi himself recalls the roguish Harlequin, while his daughter Lauretta, whose romance is nearly foiled by Buoso's relatives, resembles Columbina. Simone is drawn from Pantaloon, while the poverty-stricken Betto recalls the buffoonish valet Zanni. Doctor Spinelloccio recalls the classic doctor from the commedia dell'arte, Balanzone, even to his Bolognese origin. The Moor whose death momentarily scares the relatives, and his captain, are stock characters from commedia dell'arte.

 Roles 

 Synopsis 
The story takes place in Florence, 1299. As Buoso Donati lies dead in his curtained four-poster bed, his relatives gather round to mourn his passing, but are really more interested in learning the contents of his will. Among those present are his cousins Zita and Simone, his poor-relation brother-in-law Betto, and Zita's nephew Rinuccio. Betto mentions a rumour he has heard that Buoso has left everything to a monastery; this disturbs the others and precipitates a frantic search for the will. The document is found by Rinuccio, who is confident that his uncle has left him plenty of money. He withholds the will momentarily and asks Zita to allow him to marry Lauretta, daughter of Gianni Schicchi, a newcomer to Florence. Zita replies that if Buoso has left them rich, he can marry whom he pleases; she and the other relatives are anxious to begin reading the will. A happy Rinuccio sends little Gherardino to fetch Schicchi and Lauretta.
As they read, the relatives' worst fears are soon realised; Buoso has indeed bequeathed his fortune to the monastery. They break out in woe and indignation and turn to Simone, the oldest present and a former mayor of Fucecchio, but he can offer no help. Rinuccio suggests that only Gianni Schicchi can advise them what to do, but this is scorned by Zita and the rest, who sneer at Schicchi's humble origins and now say that marriage to the daughter of such a peasant is out of the question. Rinuccio defends Schicchi in an aria "Avete torto" ("You're mistaken"), after which Schicchi and Lauretta arrive. Schicchi quickly grasps the situation, and Rinuccio begs him for help, but Schicchi is rudely told by Zita to "be off" and take his daughter with him. Rinuccio and Lauretta listen in despair as Schicchi announces that he will have nothing to do with such people. Lauretta makes a final plea to him with "O mio babbino caro" ("Oh, my dear papa"), and he agrees to look at the will. After twice scrutinizing it and concluding that nothing can be done, an idea occurs to him. He sends his daughter outside so that she will be innocent of what is to follow.

First, Schicchi establishes that no one other than those present knows that Buoso is dead. He then orders the body removed to another room. A knock announces the arrival of the doctor, Spinelloccio. Schicchi conceals himself behind the bed curtains, mimics Buoso's voice, and declares that he is feeling better; he asks the doctor to return that evening. Boasting that he has never lost a patient, Spinelloccio departs. Schicchi then unveils his plan in the aria "Si corre dal notaio" ("Run to the notary"); having established in the doctor's mind that Buoso is still alive, Schicchi will disguise himself as Buoso and dictate a new will. All are delighted with the scheme, and importune Schicchi with personal requests for Buoso's various possessions, the most treasured of which are "the mule, the house and the mills at Signa". A funeral bell rings, and everyone fears that the news of Buoso's death has emerged, but it turns out that the bell is tolling for the death of a neighbour's Moorish servant. The relatives agree to leave the disposition of the mule, the house and the mills to Schicchi, though each, in turn, offers him a bribe. The women help him to change into Buoso's clothes as they sing the lyrical trio "Spogliati, bambolino" ("Undress, little boy"). Before taking his place in the bed, Schicchi warns the company of the grave punishment for those found to have falsified a will: amputation of one hand, and then, exile from Florence.
The notary arrives, and Schicchi starts to dictate the new will, declaring any prior will null and void. To general satisfaction, he allocates the minor bequests, but when it comes to the mule, the house and the mills, he orders that these be left to "my devoted friend Gianni Schicchi". Incredulous, the family can do nothing while the lawyer is present, especially when Schicchi slyly reminds them of the penalties that discovery of the ruse will bring. Their outrage when the notary leaves is accompanied by a frenzy of looting as Schicchi chases them out of what is now his house.
Meanwhile, Lauretta and Rinuccio sing a love duet, "Lauretta mia", as there is no bar to their marriage since Schicchi can now provide a respectable dowry. Schicchi, returning, stands moved at the sight of the two lovers. He turns to the audience and asks them to agree that no better use could be found for Buoso's wealth: although the poet Dante has condemned him to hell for this trick, Schicchi asks the audience to forgive him in light of "extenuating circumstances."

 Composition history 
The one-act opera genre had become increasingly popular in Italy following the 1890 competition sponsored by publisher Edoardo Sonzogno for the best such work, which was won by the young Pietro Mascagni's Cavalleria rusticana. With Tosca essentially completed by November 1899, Puccini sought a new project. Among sources he considered, before proceeding with Madama Butterfly, were three works by French dramatist Alphonse Daudet that Puccini thought might be made into a trilogy of one-act operas.After Butterfly premiered in 1904, Puccini again had difficulty finding a new subject. He further considered the idea of composing three one-act operas to be performed together but found his publisher, Giulio Ricordi, firmly opposed to such a project, convinced that it would be expensive to cast and produce. The composer then planned to work with his longtime librettist, Giuseppe Giacosa, on an opera about Marie Antoinette, a project frustrated by the librettist's illness. Puccini wrote in November 1905, "Will we go back to it? [Maria Antonietta] If I find three one-act works that suit me, I'll put off M.A."  Puccini pursued neither project, as Giacosa's illness led to his death in September 1906.In March 1907, Puccini wrote to Carlo Clausetti, Ricordi's representative in Naples, proposing three one-act operas based on scenes from stories by Russian novelist Maxim Gorky. By May the composer had set aside this proposal to concentrate on the project which became La fanciulla del West, although he did not wholly abandon the idea of a multiple-opera evening. His next idea in this vein, some years later, was for a two-opera bill, one tragic and one comic; he later expanded this to include a third opera with a mystic or religious tone. By November 1916 Puccini had completed the "tragic" element, which became Il tabarro, but he still lacked ideas for the other two works. He considered staging Il tabarro in combination with his own early work Le Villi, or with other two-act operas which might be used to round out the evening's entertainment. Finally, librettist Giovacchino Forzano presented the composer with two works of his own, which became Suor Angelica and Gianni Schicchi. The latter would be Puccini's first setting of a comic text; although his earlier operas, for example La bohème, contain comic episodes, these are merely ancillary to the drama to provide contrast.Forzano wrote to Tito Ricordi, Giulio's son, on 3 March 1917:

I sent the libretto of Suor Angelica to Maestro Puccini some days ago. He has declared himself – kind as he is – very satisfied ... I have also finished a brief outline of a plot based on Gianni Schicchi. You know the Maestro's opinion of this subject, which is rich in possibilities and whose comic nature is quite out of the ordinary.

In fact, Puccini was at first less than enthusiastic about the idea for this comic opera – Florence as a setting did not appeal to him, and he feared the public would have little interest in the subject. However, he soon became interested and did some work on the piece even while composing Suor Angelica. The religious-themed opera was completed in September 1917, and Puccini turned his full attention to Gianni Schicchi, although the war news and the 1918 influenza pandemic, in which Puccini lost a sister, distracted him from his work. The first draft was completed on 20 April 1918, and Puccini continued to refine and orchestrate it through the summer of 1918.With the trilogy complete, Puccini had to decide on a place for the premiere. In 1918, travel was risky and uncertain. Puccini received an offer from Buenos Aires which he refused, unwilling to have so complex a work first performed overseas in his absence. He finally agreed that the premiere could take place at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, without his being there, on the basis of performing instructions which he supplied to the conductor. Gianni Schicchi proved to be the last opera completed by Puccini.

 Performance history 

 Early performances 
Gianni Schicchi was first performed at the Metropolitan Opera on 14 December 1918, with Roberto Moranzoni conducting, as the final part of Il trittico. While the sold-out house showed polite enthusiasm for Il tabarro and Suor Angelica, Gianni Schicchi was, in the words of the New-York Tribune's critic, "received with uproarious delight". In the Evening Sun, W.J. Henderson called it "one of the most delightful bits ever put upon the Met stage". The undoubted "pearl of the evening", he said, was Lauretta's aria "O mio babbino caro" which, despite a public notice forbidding encores, was repeated through popular insistence. The only singer to appear in all three works was American soprano Marie Tiffany, who played one of the lovers in Il tabarro, a lay sister in Suor Angelica, and Nella in Gianni Schicchi. Il trittico was performed at the Met's Philadelphia opera house on 17 December with the same cast, before returning to New York for five more performances during the 1918/19 season.At the time of the New York premiere, Il trittico was in rehearsal in Rome in preparation for an Italian premiere at the Teatro Costanzi. Puccini wrote Tito Ricordi that the rehearsals were going slowly, but that the orchestra sounded fine, at least in Gianni Schicchi. The Italian premiere, more important to Puccini than the New York world premiere, took place on 11 January 1919. Gianni Schicchi was again warmly received, more so than the first two operas of Il trittico. Among those dissatisfied by the triptych was Puccini's friend, the conductor Arturo Toscanini, who was in the audience for the Rome premiere. Toscanini was disgusted by the verismo of Il tabarro, and left the performance after the first curtain. This caused a rift in his relationship with Puccini, who stated that he would not allow "this god" to conduct the London premiere, though the two were later reconciled. At the Rome premiere, the part of Rinuccio was sung by the Canadian tenor Edward Johnson, a future general manager of the Met. Johnson later recalled that, at the composer's request, he had dragged a mock-reluctant Puccini from the wings to acknowledge the house's applause.In 1919, Puccini visited London to discuss plans for the following year's Covent Garden premiere of Il trittico. This took place on 18 June 1920; King George V and Queen Mary were present, and called Puccini to their box to give him their congratulations. With Toscanini not considered, Puccini hoped that Sir Thomas Beecham would conduct the premiere, but he declined and Gaetano Bavagnoli conducted. Once again, only Gianni Schicchi was received with real warmth.Other early performances included the October 1920 production of Il trittico in German, at the Vienna State Opera. In the years following the premiere, Puccini made modifications to the three operas, but Gianni Schicchi required few. The principal change was to Rinuccio's arioso, "Avete torto", which was set in a higher pitch to take better advantage of the tenor voice.By 1920 Puccini was facing increasing pressure, not only from impresarios but also from his publishing firm, Casa Ricordi, to allow Il trittico to be broken up and presented separately. Opera houses first wanted to omit Suor Angelica, which had proven the least popular of the three, but some wished to omit Il tabarro as well. Puccini had left London confident that Il trittico would gain a place in the Covent Garden repertoire, but soon learned that the opera house's director, Henry V. Higgins, had removed Suor Angelica, feeling that the audience disliked it. In fact, Higgins would never stage it again. Puccini vociferously objected, as did his longtime London friend, Sybil Seligman, to no avail. Higgins then decided to remove Il tabarro, and stage Gianni Schicchi together with a Russian ballet presentation. Puccini retorted, "This is a real betrayal", but in the end gave in and permitted the performance. Puccini, however, was still convinced that the three works should be performed together and that his original conception was being "brutally torn to pieces". The Metropolitan Opera joined in the dismemberment: after 1920, it would not again present the three operas together until 1975.

 Later performances 
Gianni Schicchi returned to the Met in 1926, after Puccini's death, shorn of the other two parts of its operatic triptych, but instead mated to Ruggero Leoncavallo's two-act opera Pagliacci. The 1926 production, by Wilhelm von Wymetal, featured sets by Joseph Novak. In the following years at the Met, Gianni Schicchi would form part of a bill with such diverse works as Engelbert Humperdinck's Hänsel und Gretel, Italo Montemezzi's L'amore dei tre re, and even be incestuously mated with Puccini's own La bohème. In 1952, Novak's sets were revised by Wilhelm von Wymetal in a production which remained in service until 1958.Among the leading singers associated with the opera, Tito Gobbi was particularly prominent in the 1950s and 1960s. He first sang the role of Schicchi in the Rome production in 1951; in subsequent years he appeared in further Rome seasons, in Bologna, and at La Scala, Milan, where Renata Scotto sang Lauretta in Carlo Maestrini's production. Gobbi directed and sang in the 1969 production at the Teatro Comunale di Firenze, and later that year performed in and directed the same version at the August 1969 Edinburgh Festival.In 1974, the Met gave Gianni Schicchi its first new production since 1926. The production, by Fabrizio Melano, was paired with the Met debut of Bartók's Bluebeard's Castle. The following year, the Met revived Il trittico in the original form, combining the Melano production with new productions for the other two operas by the same director. The 1975 performance of Gianni Schicchi featured Renata Scotto as Lauretta. Scotto also played the two other Il trittico heroines, a feat she repeated later that season, on tour, and when the three operas were again presented by the Met in 1981. When the production was revived again by the Met in 1989, Teresa Stratas sang the "trittico hat-trick". Lili Chookasian sang the mezzo-soprano leads in all three operas (Zita in Gianni Schicchi) and Cornell MacNeil played Schicchi.Glyndebourne Festival Opera put on a 2004 double bill of Gianni Schicchi and Rachmaninoff's The Miserly Knight, in which the sets for the two operas (designed by Vicki Mortimer) are back-to-back on a turntable.In 2007, Los Angeles Opera announced that it would be staging Il trittico in the 2008/2009 season, with Woody Allen making his operatic directing debut in Gianni Schicchi. The production starred baritone Sir Thomas Allen, soprano Laura Tătulescu, and tenor Saimir Pirgu. A 2015 performance, then directed by Matthew Diamond and starring Plácido Domingo in the title role, was filmed for television in association with various international broadcasters, such as Westdeutscher Rundfunk, ARTE, and NHK.The 2007 Royal Opera House production by Richard Jones updated the action to a shabby 1940s Italy of "unemptied chamber pots, garish floral wallpaper and damp ceilings", with Bryn Terfel in the title role "a masterpiece of monstrous vulgarity". In the 2009 revival of this production, Schicchi was sung by Thomas Allen, while Gwynne Howell, as Simone, celebrated 40 years with the Royal Opera.In a 2023 San Diego Opera production, mezzo-soprano Stephanie Blythe made operatic history when she performed the baritone role of the title character, Gianni. According to the San Diego Union Tribune, no other woman opera singer in the world has sung a baritone role in a professional production.

 Critical reception 
In reviewing the New York premiere, the critics greeted Gianni Schicchi warmly; most reviewers found it to be the best of the three operas. New York Herald Tribune critic Henry Krehbiel described it as "so uproariously funny ... so full of life, humor, and ingenious devices". The New York Times reviewer James Huneker considered the opera to be "a rollicking, madcap scherzo, overflowing with merry deviltries ... And the last shall be first." Huneker praised De Luca as "a most engaging rascal, fit for a minor niche in Moliere's gallery". The Times critic was also amused by Marto Malatesta as "The 'Kid' Gherardino, who is spanked by the irate family".Rome's critics gave Il trittico as a whole a warmer reception but still saw Gianni Schicchi as the best of the three. Alberto Gasco of La tribuna noted that, "In terms of harmonic technique, Il tabarro and Schicchi advance quite startling elements of novelty. Nothing that contemporary art has produced escapes the studious and astute Giacomo Puccini." Gasco also stated that while many critics were waiting for the first two operas with their fists drawn, Gianni Schicchi disarmed these "hired assassins" with a "single glance". An anonymous reviewer in L'idea nazionale felt that the three works comprised a unified whole, but feared that Puccini was becoming less inventive. L'idea nazionale was a nationalist newspaper, and praised Puccini for returning to an Italian subject "after so many useless Japanese, American, Parisian digressions".Modern productions, including those in an updated context, have been generally well received. Describing the 2004 Glyndebourne pairing with The Miserly Knight as "flip sides of the same coin", reviewer Edward Seckerson in The Independent found the Schicchi performance "a triumph of ensemble directing and playing, ... wickedly observed, sharp, focussed and funny". The New York Times gave a positive review to the Woody Allen 2008 production, which is set in a crowded tenement in which the boy Gherardino is practising knife thrusts. However, the critic questioned Allen's altered ending, in which Schicchi is stabbed by Zita as he addresses the audience. Los Angeles Times critic Mark Swed deemed Allen's production one of the top ten moments in classical music for 2008, and applauded it for "hilarious wit and engaging musicality". Allen Rich of Variety praised the piece, though he disliked Allen's idea of beginning the opera with a montage of old film clips, with credits featuring mock-Italian names.

 Music 
Giuseppe Verdi said of Puccini, early in the latter's career, that "the symphonic element dominates in him", and Gianni Schicchi has been compared by later analysts to that of the final presto movement of a three-movement symphony. With the fast-moving pace of the work, the set pieces are given a simpler melodic structure than those in the other two parts of the triptych. On stage, with the commedia dell'arte references, a humorous atmosphere is established from the very beginning. However, the music itself is of the 20th century; Edward Greenfield refers to its "dissonant modernity", with simultaneous clashing chords suggesting that "Puccini was beginning to think in bi-tonal terms". Alongside these dissonant passages are others which opera scholar Julian Budden calls "bland, schoolroom diatonism".Puccini's score is built around a series of motifs that recur through the opera, generally representing characters, situations and moods though sometimes without specific associations. The opening motif is a rapid burst of rhythmic music, described by Greenfield as of "almost Stravinskian sharpness", which quickly transforms into a mock-solemn dirge depicting the hypocritical grief of the Donati relatives. This juxtaposition of the humorous and the solemn pervades the opera; critic Ernest Newman suggests that it "keeps us perpetually suspended between the comic and the tragic". Other principal motifs include the theme associated with the lovers Rinuccio and Lauretta, introduced in Rinuccio's first solo "Salvati! Salvati!", and a short, formal woodwind statement that represents Donati's will. Rinuccio sings the name "Gianni Schicchi" to a jaunty four-note phrase which becomes Schicchi's personal motif, and it is heard again as Schicchi knocks on the door before his first appearance. The best-known theme in the opera, that associated with Lauretta, is introduced in the second part of Rinuccio's aria "Avete torto". The theme is briefly played on clarinet and violin as Lauretta enters with Schicchi, before its full expression in "O mio babbino caro".Budden dismisses the view that Lauretta's aria, at the midpoint of the opera, was a concession to popular taste; rather, "its position at the turning point of the action is precisely calculated to provide a welcome moment of lyrical repose". Andrew Davis, in his book on Puccini's late style, notes that Lauretta's aria and the two interruptions by the young lovers ("Addio, speranza bella") as Schicchi mulls over the will, constitute interruptions in the Romantic style, delivered during a lengthy sequence of non-Romantic music. Another interruption, both dramatically and musically, is that provided by the appearance of Doctor Spinelloccio. The doctor's dissonant harmonies contrast sharply with the scena music for Schicchi and symbolise Spinelloccio's place as an outsider to the dramatic action of the opera.The music historian Donald Jay Grout has written that in this opera Puccini's comic skill is "seen at its most spontaneous, incorporating smoothly all the characteristic harmonic devices of his later period." Greenfield remarks on the score's inventiveness, imagination and flawless timing. Several critics have likened Gianni Schicchi to Verdi's Falstaff, as both are masterpieces of operatic comedy from composers more usually associated with tragedy. Both composers took the conventions of comic opera into consideration, choosing a baritone for the principal role, setting the tenor-soprano love story against family opposition to the marriage, and constructing a hoax that permits the happy ending. Charles Osborne cites in particular the trio for three female voices, "Spogliati, bambolino", as equal to anything in Falstaff, "its exquisite harmonies almost turning the unprepossessing women into Wagnerian Rhine maidens", and its lilting melody reminiscent of Rossini.

 Arias and musical numbers 
Although the score is through-composed, within the general structure of the opera there are several identifiable numbers: four solos given to the three main characters, a trio and a brief love duet. Only Lauretta's "O mio babbino caro", the best-known of the solos, is separable from its context and can be sung as a concert piece.

 Recordings 

Despite its popularity as a stage work, Gianni Schicchi was not available as a recording until after the Second World War, a neglect described by a Gramophone reviewer as "extraordinary". One of the earliest recordings, a Turin Radio 1950 broadcast performance conducted by Alfredo Simonetto, was praised for its lively presentation but was considered by the critic Philip Hope-Wallace to be "too rough a piece of recording to be warmly recommended". By contrast, the 1958 recording under Gabriele Santini, with a cast including Tito Gobbi and Victoria de los Ángeles, was still being discussed nearly 50 years later as the classic performance, with Gobbi's singing at a standard rarely equalled. Among more recent recordings, that of the complete Trittico with the London Symphony Orchestra under Antonio Pappano (1998) has been generally recommended. There are numerous video recordings now available.

 References 

 Notes 

 Sources 
Batta, András [in Hungarian]; Neef, Sigrid, eds. (2000). Opera: Composers, Works, Performers. Könemann. ISBN 978-3-8290-3571-2.
Budden, Julian (2002). Puccini: His Life and Works (paperback ed.). Oxford: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-226-57971-9.
Davis, Andrew (2010). Il Trittico, Turandot, and Puccini's Late Style. Bloomington: Indiana University Press. ISBN 978-0-253-35514-0.
Fisher, Burton D., ed. (2005). Opera Classics Library Presents Il Trittico (revised ed.). Boca Raton, Florida: Opera Journeys Publishing. ISBN 1-930841-77-9.
Girardi, Michele (2000). Puccini: His International Art. Chicago: Chicago University Press. ISBN 0-226-29757-8.
Greenfield, Edward (1958). Puccini: Keeper of the Seal. London: Arrow Books. OCLC 251008764.
Grout, Donald Jay (1971). A Short History of Opera. New York: Columbia University Press. ISBN 0-231-08978-3.
Newman, Ernest (1945). Opera Nights. London: Putnam. OCLC 271770713.
Osborne, Charles (1990). The Complete Operas of Puccini. London: Victor Gollancz. ISBN 0-575-04868-9.
Phillips-Matz, Mary Jane (2002). Puccini: A Biography. Boston: Northeastern University Press. ISBN 1-55553-530-5.
Roberts, David, ed. (2005). The Classic Good CD & DVD Guide 2006. London: Haymarket. ISBN 0-86024-972-7.
Sadie, Stanley, ed. (2004). The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Opera. London: Flame Tree Publishing. ISBN 1-84451-026-3.
Wilson, Alexandra (2007). The Puccini Problem. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-85688-1.

 Further reading 
Ashbrook, William (1985). The Operas of Puccini. Ithaca, New York: Cornell University Press. ISBN 0-8014-9309-9. tosca cast bells.

 External links 

Gianni Schicchi: Scores at the International Music Score Library Project
Gianni Schicchi at Internet Archive and Google Books (scanned books original editions)
Gianni Schicchi, English translation by Edoardo Petri (1918)
Gianni Schicchi at Internet Archive (audio recordings)
Woody Allen Production of Gianni Schicchi

Abolition of monarchy
The abolition of monarchy is a legislative or revolutionary movement to abolish monarchical elements in government, usually hereditary.
Abolition of absolutist monarchy in favor of limited government under constitutional monarchy is a less radical form of anti-royalism that has succeeded in some nations that still retain monarchs, such as Sweden, Spain, and Thailand.
Abolition has been carried out in various ways, including via abdication leading to the extinction of the monarchy, legislative reform, revolution, coup d'état, and decolonisation. Abolition became more frequent in the 20th century, with the number of monarchies in Europe falling from 22 to 12 between 1914 and 2015, and the number of republics rising from 4 to 34. Decolonisation and independence have resulted in an abolition of monarchies in a number of former colonies such as those created by the United Kingdom.
Motivations for abolition include egalitarianism and anti-class views, eliminating a rival system potentially opposed to another incoming system (as had occurred in Romania in 1947), opposition to undemocratic and hereditary institutions, perception of monarchy as anachronistic or outdated, and opposition to a particular monarch or dynasty. In many colonies and former colonies, abolishing the influence of the monarchy of a colonising state is considered part of decolonisation. In many Commonwealth realms, the monarchy may be viewed as a foreign institution running counter to the national identity or national sovereignty.
In the 21st century, some countries that are monarchies have significant republican movements, such as Spain and Australia.Since the beginning of the 20th century, restorations of monarchies have been comparatively rare. Examples are the monarchy of Spain, which since 1947 had been nominally a regency with a vacant throne but the Bourbon dynasty was restored in 1975; the reinstatement in 1991 of the Emir of Kuwait following abolition in 1990 and the Gulf War; and a 1993 transition of Cambodia from a Marxist-Leninist republic to an elective monarchy.

 Ancient world 

 Classical Athens 
The city-state of Athens was ruled by monarchs in a period before the establishment of Athenian Democracy. Most of this is either mythical or semi-historical. The Athenian monarchy was abolished and replaced with lifetime archons around 1068 BC, whose power was reduced over many years.

 Roman Kingdom/Republic 
The Roman Republic was established after the overthrow of the seventh king of Rome, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus, in 509 BC, after his disrespect for Roman customs and the Senate as well as his use of violence to control Rome.

 Political theory 

 Civil War and English Republic 
Under the leadership of Oliver Cromwell, in 1649, King Charles I was tried for high treason, convicted and executed. This marked the conclusion of the English Civil War which resulted in the Parliament of England overthrowing the English monarchy, and initiating a period of an English republic (known as the Wars of the Three Kingdoms). After eleven years, in 1660, a limited monarchy was restored but moderated by an independent Parliament.In the Kingdom of England, the Glorious Revolution of 1688 furthered the constitutional monarchy, restricted by laws such as the Bill of Rights 1689 and the Act of Settlement 1701. At the same time, in Scotland, the Convention of Estates enacted the Claim of Right Act 1689, which placed similar limits on the Scottish monarchy.

 Atlantic Revolutions 

 American 

Organized anti-monarchism in what is now the United States developed out of a gradual revolution that began in 1765, as colonists resisted a stamp tax through boycott and condemnation of tax officials. While they were subject to the authority of the Parliament of Great Britain (as the monarchy was a limited monarchy since 1660), the North American citizens increasingly clashed with the Parliament that did not provide seats for parliamentary representatives from North America. With the Declaration of Independence in 1776, anti-monarchical propaganda resulted in violent protests that systematically removed symbols of monarchy. For instance, an equestrian statue of George III in New York City was toppled. Parliamentary loyalists were particularly affected by partisan attacks, with tens of thousands leaving for British Canada. Property that remained was confiscated by each of thirteen newly created States through newly passed laws. Artifacts from the colonial period depicting the British monarchy are seldom found in the United States. However, not all sentiment equated to anti-monarchism. A normality of a monarchy at the head of a polity remained, that some Americans saw a presidency in monarchical terms, a Caesar of the republic, was an early debate in the new republic.

 French 

One of the most significant abolitions of monarchy in history—along with the Dutch Republic of 1581–1795—involved the Ancien Régime in 1792 during the French Revolution. The French monarchy was later restored several times with differing levels of authority. Napoleon, initially a hero of the Republican revolution, crowned himself emperor in 1804, only to be replaced by the Bourbon Restoration in 1815, which in turn was replaced by the more liberal July Monarchy in 1830.
The 1848 Revolution was a clearer anti-monarchic uprising that replaced the succession of royal leaders with the short-lived Second French Republic. Louis Napoleon Bonaparte established the Second French Empire (1852–1870), retaining republican aspects while placing himself in the center of the state until the losses in the Franco-Prussian War led to his fall, resulting in the French Third Republic and the definitive end of the monarchy in France. Monarchism, which had held a majority in the National Assembly after the 1871 election, slowly fizzled out over the course of the rest of the century.

 Haitian 

 19th century 

 Africa 
Madagascar
The monarchy of Madagascar, known as the Merina Kingdom, came to an end in 1897 when France made it a colony and overthrew Queen Ranavalona III.
Zimbabwe
In 1629, the Mwenemutapa attempted to throw out the Portuguese. He failed and in turn he himself was overthrown, leading to the Portuguese installation of Mavura Mhande Felipe on the throne. In 1917, Mambo Chioko, the last king of the dynasty, was killed in battle against the Portuguese.

 Americas 
Mexico
The First Mexican Empire existed from the September 1821 Declaration of Independence until the emperor's abdication in March 1823. The Provisional Government took power and the First Mexican Republic was proclaimed in 1824. Due to French intervention under Napoleon III, the Second Mexican Empire lasted from 1864 to 1867, when it collapsed and its Emperor, Maximilian I of Mexico, was executed.
Brazil
In Brazil, the monarchy was formally established in 1815 through the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves (of which the Kingdom of Brazil was a constituent state), it evolved into the Empire of Brazil in 1822, and was abolished in 1889, when Emperor Pedro II was overthrown by a republican military coup (the status of the republic was confirmed by a plebiscite in 1993 that resulted in 86% of the votes to the republican government).

 Asia 
Burma
The monarchy of Burma was abolished in 1885 when the last king, Thibaw Min, lost his throne and the country was annexed by Britain.
South Asia
In 1858 the Mughal Empire came to an end after losing a war against Britain, and its Emperor, Bahadur Shah II, lost his throne.

 Europe 
Italy
Between 1859 and 1861, four monarchies in Southern Europe ceased to exist (Parma, Modena, Tuscany and the Two Sicilies) when they all became part of the new Kingdom of Italy.
Spain
In Spain monarchy was abolished from 1873 to 1874 by the First Spanish Republic, but then restored until 1931.

 Pacific 
Hawaii
In 1893 foreign business leaders overthrew Queen Liliʻuokalani of the Kingdom of Hawaii. They established a republic, which was annexed by the United States in 1898.
Tahiti
The monarchy of Tahiti came to an end in 1880 when France made it a colony and overthrew King Pōmare V.
Manu'a
After ceding sovereignty of the Manu'a islands of modern-day American Samoa to the United States in 1904, the last King of Manu'a, Tui Manu'a Elisara, died on 2 July 1909. All attempts to revive the position since his death have been met with opposition by the United States Government.

 20th century 

 Nationalism 

 China 
The monarchy of China ceased to exist in 1912 when the Xinhai Revolution led by Sun Yat-sen succeeded in overthrowing the young Xuantong Emperor; this marked the end of the Qing dynasty and the start of the Republic of China. In 1915, Yuan Shikai briefly proclaimed the Empire of China with himself as the emperor; the regime failed to gain legitimacy and collapsed three months later. In 1917, the Qing loyalist Zhang Xun sought to revive the Qing dynasty and briefly reinstalled the Xuantong Emperor to the Chinese throne; this attempt is known as the "Manchu Restoration" in historiography. The monarchy in parts of China was restored through the Japanese-sponsored client state known as Manchukuo with the former Qing emperor as its leader until the final abolition in 1945.
The area of Tibet was ruled by the Ganden Phodrang government which continued through the annexation of Tibet by the People's Republic of China until the Tibetan rebellion in 1959 where the monarchy in Tibet was dissolved although it continued in exile as the Central Tibetan Administration in India.
During the Xinhai Revolution, Outer Mongolia declared independence from the Qing dynasty of China in the Mongolian Revolution of 1911. The Bogd Khanate of Mongolia was subsequently proclaimed, although the Republic of China laid claims to Outer Mongolia and was widely recognized by the international community as having sovereignty over it. In 1924, the Mongolian People's Republic was established, bringing an end to the monarchy in Mongolia.

 World War I and aftermath 

 Russian Empire 
World War I led to perhaps the greatest number of abolition of monarchies in history. The conditions inside the Russian Empire and the poor performance in the war gave rise to a revolution which toppled the entire institution of the monarchy, followed by a second revolution against that government in October of the same year that executed Tsar (Imperator (Императоръ)) Nicholas II and implemented a Marxist-Leninist government. The Russian Civil War saw various monarchist, Republican, anarchist, nationalist and socialist factions fight each other with bourgeois independence movements winning in the Baltic States, Poland and Finland and the Bolsheviks winning everywhere else.

 Germany, Austria-Hungary, Ottoman Empire, Montenegro 
The defeated German, Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman empires saw the abolition of their monarchies in the close aftermath of the war, ending the reigns of Wilhelm II, Charles I and Mehmed VI respectively. The monarchs of the constituent states within the German Empire, most importantly Ludwig III of Bavaria, Frederick Augustus III of Saxony and Wilhelm II of Württemberg, soon abdicated. During the war, monarchies were planned for Poland (Kingdom of Poland), the Grand Duchy of Finland (to have a Finnish King), and Lithuania (Mindaugas II of Lithuania), with a protectorate-like suzerainty exercised by the German Empire. Both intended kings renounced their thrones after Germany's defeat in November 1918. King Nicholas I of Montenegro lost his throne when the country became a part of Yugoslavia in 1918.

 World War II and aftermath 

 Italy, Albania, Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania, Yugoslavia, Croatia 
World War II saw another increased number of abolition of monarchies. In 1922, Benito Mussolini's March on Rome led to King Victor Emmanuel III appointing Mussolini Prime Minister. In 1939 Italy invaded Albania and removed the reigning self-proclaimed King Zog and instated their own King Victor Emmanuel III as its new monarch. Italy, along with the eastern European monarchies of Bulgaria, Hungary and Romania were forced to join with Germany by their dictators in World War II against the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the Western allies and the Soviet Union.  When Yugoslavia fell in 1941 the Independent State of Croatia was established under a nominal monarchy, but it was in fact a one party state under Ante Pavelić and a puppet state of Nazi Germany. With the fall of Mussolini in July 1943, the monarchy in Croatia was abolished. As the Axis powers were defeated in the war, communist partisans in occupied Yugoslavia and occupied Albania seized power and ended the monarchies. Communists in Bulgaria, Hungary, and Romania removed their monarchies with strong backing by the Soviet Union, which had many troops and supporters placed there during the course of the war. Through this, Peter II of Yugoslavia, Simeon II of Bulgaria and Michael I of Romania all lost their thrones. King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy had remained King after the Fall of the Fascist regime in Italy but transferred most of his powers to his son after the Armistice of Cassibile. After Victor Emmanuel abdicated to save the monarchy, a narrow referendum in 1946 ended the short reign of his son King Umberto II and the Italian monarchy ceased to exist.

 Republicanism 

 Australia (monarchy kept after referendum) 
In a 1999 referendum, the voters of Australia rejected a proposal to replace the constitutional monarchy with a republic with a president appointed by Parliament. The proposal was rejected in all states, with only the Australian Capital Territory voting in favor. Though polling consistently showed a majority in favour of a republic, the result of the referendum was attributed to a split among republicans between those who supported the presented model and those who supported a directly elected president.

 Greece 
In the modern history of Greece, the monarchy was toppled in 1924, as a result of the National Schism and the Asia Minor Disaster. The resulting Second Hellenic Republic led a troubled existence, until a coup restored the monarchy in 1935. The subsequent dictatorial 4th of August Regime was established with the support of King George II of Greece, further delegitimizing the monarchy.
During the Axis occupation of Greece, George II nominally led the Greek government in exile, but the post-war fate of the monarchy was a major dividing issue for Greeks, especially with the rise of the pro-communist National Liberation Front (EAM) as the country's largest resistance movement. As a compromise, the issue was to be determined by a referendum after the war. In the end, the threat of a post-war communist takeover led the Venizelist republicans to ally with the monarchists; with the defeat of EAM in the Dekemvriana, the subsequent White Terror, and the outbreak of the Greek Civil War in 1946 resulted in a monarchist victory in the 1946 referendum and the return of George II to the country.
The last king, Constantine II, interfered in politics during the Apostasia of 1965. The resulting political crisis led to a military coup in April 1967. Constantine II reluctantly accepted the fait accompli and lent it legitimacy, but when he tried to stage a counter-coup later that year, he was defeated and forced into exile. Greece formally remained a monarchy until it was abolished by the military junta in June 1973, followed by a July referendum confirming that decision. The restoration of the monarchy was overwhelmingly defeated, after constitutional legality was restored, by a free referendum in 1974.

 Spain 
In Spain, the monarchy was again abolished in 1931 by the Second Spanish Republic (1931–1939). In 1947, Francisco Franco declared Spain a monarchy but kept himself as regent for life with the constitutional setup essentially unchanged. Per the right the 1947 law granted him to decide who would be the future Spanish monarch, he appointed Juan Carlos of Bourbon his successor in 1969. The "Prince of Spain" became king at Franco's death in 1975, and during the Spanish transition to democracy, the Spanish constitution of 1978 put the monarchy on a new constitutional basis. The existence of monarchy in Spain is an entrenched clause with much stricter rules for constitutional amendment than other constitutional provisions.

 Portugal 
The monarchy of Portugal was also overthrown in 1910 (5 October), two years after the assassination of King Carlos I, ending the reign of Manuel II, who died in exile in England (1932), without issue.

 Communism, socialism, and Islamism 

 Afghanistan 
In 1973, the monarchy of King Mohammed Zahir Shah of Afghanistan was abolished after a socialist-supported coup d'état led by Mohammad Daoud Khan, from the same Musahiban royal family, who declared himself the first President of Afghanistan.

 Ethiopia 
Emperor Haile Selassie I was overthrown in 1974 as a result of the Ethiopian Revolution, ending almost 3000 years of monarchical rule in Ethiopia.

 Indochina 
In 1945, during the August Revolution, Bảo Đại abdicated under the pressure of the Việt Minh led by Ho Chi Minh. This marked the end of the Nguyễn dynasty and the Vietnamese monarchy. From 1949 to 1955, Bảo Đại served as the Quốc Trưởng (lit. "Chief of State") of the State of Vietnam and did not receive the title of Hoàng Đế (lit. "Emperor").
Political upheaval and Communist insurrection put an end to the monarchies of Indochina after World War II: a short-lived attempt to leave a monarchical form of government in post-colonial South Vietnam came to naught in a fraudulent 1955 referendum, a military coup overthrew the kingless monarchy in Cambodia in 1970 and a Communist takeover ended the monarchy in Laos in 1975. Cambodia's monarchy later saw an unexpected rebirth under an internationally mediated peace settlement with a former king Norodom Sihanouk being restored as a figurehead in 1993.

 Iran 
The monarchy of Iran was abolished by the Islamic revolution of 1979 overthrowing Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi though his son Reza Pahlavi, Crown Prince of Iran continued to function the monarchy in exile.

 Dictatorship 

 Egypt 
The monarchy of Egypt was abolished in 1953, after the revolution of 1952, which caused King Farouk I to abdicate in favor of his infant son Fuad II.

 Iraq 
The monarchy of Iraq ended in 1958 when King Faisal II was killed and a republic proclaimed.

 Yemen 
The monarchy of Yemen was abolished in 1962 when King Muhammad al-Badr was overthrown in a coup, although he continued to resist his opponents until 1970.

 Libya 

King Idris of Libya was overthrown by a military coup led by Muammar Gaddafi in 1969.

 Imperialism expansion and decolonisation 

 Commonwealth of Nations 
Many monarchies were abolished in the middle of the 20th century or later as part of the process of decolonization. The monarchies of India, Ghana, Nigeria, Kenya, Tanganyika, Uganda, Guyana, and Malawi were abolished shortly after they became independent of the United Kingdom, while remaining within the Commonwealth. The monarchy of Ireland was not abolished following the Irish war of independence in the 1920s. The Irish Free State was nominally a monarchy but transitioned towards more and more republican forms of government throughout its existence. The Irish Constitution that came into force in 1937 left the question of Republic or monarchy vague, but established a President of Ireland, an office usually absent in monarchies. The monarchy was officially abolished by the Republic of Ireland Act of 1948, which came into force in 1949. Some Commonwealth realms waited a little longer before abolishing their monarchies: Pakistan became a republic in 1956 and South Africa in 1961. Gambia abolished its monarchy in 1970 after a referendum in favour, while Sierra Leone became a republic in 1971, as did Sri Lanka in 1972, Malta in 1974, Trinidad and Tobago in 1976, and Fiji became a republic in 1987, thanks to two military coups by Sitiveni Rabuka. The latest country to become a republic within the Commonwealth was Barbados in 2021. With the exceptions of Ireland and India, in each case the deposed monarch was Elizabeth II.

 Korea 
In 1910 the last emperor of Korea, Sunjong, lost his throne when the country was annexed by Japan. However, the Korean royal family was mediatized as a puppet family within the Japanese imperial family. Many of the Korean royals were forcibly re-educated in Japan and forced to marry Japanese royalty and aristocrats to meld the ruling families of the two empires. With the abolition of the Japanese aristocracy and cadet branches of the imperial family, the Korean royals officially lost their remaining status.

 South Asia 
The independence of India from the United Kingdom in 1947 posed a unique problem. From 1858, when the British government replaced Company rule with direct Crown rule, it had been governed as a quasi-federation, with much of the country under the direct rule of the British monarch, who was styled as the Emperor of India. The remainder of the country, however, was under a form of indirect rule under him through its division into over 500 subnational monarchies, known as princely states; each was ruled by a prince who acknowledged the suzerainty of the Indian Emperor. The princely states ranged from powerful and largely independent principalities such as Hyderabad or Mysore, with a high level of autonomy, to tiny fiefdoms a few dozen acres (in the low tens of hectares) in size.
In 1947, it was agreed that India would be partitioned into the independent British dominions of India and Pakistan, with the princely states acceding to one nation or the other. The accession process proceeded smoothly, with the notable exception of four of the most influential principalities. The Muslim ruler of the Hindu-majority state of Junagadh acceded to Pakistan, but his decision was overruled by the Indian government, while Hyderabad chose to be independent, but was forcibly annexed to India in 1948. The Hindu ruler of Jammu and Kashmir, among the largest and most powerful of the principalities, but with a Muslim-majority population, initially held off on a decision. In the autumn of 1947, an invading force from Pakistan frightened the ruler into acceding to India. The ruler of Kalat, in Baluchistan, declared his independence in 1947, after which the state was forcibly merged with Pakistan, resulting in an insurgency persisting to this day. With the promulgation of the Indian constitution in 1950, India abolished its monarchy under the British crown and became a Republic within the Commonwealth of Nations, followed by Pakistan in 1956; as a result of both developments, the majority of the princes formally lost their sovereign rights. A few remaining principalities in Pakistan retained their autonomy until 1969 when they finally acceded to Pakistan. The Indian government formally derecognized its princely families in 1971, followed by Pakistan in 1972.
Finally, in 1975, King Palden Thondup Namgyal of Sikkim lost his throne when the country became a state of India following a referendum.

 21st century 

 Nepal 
The Kingdom of Nepal was transformed into a Republic by the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly in 2008.

 Malaysia 
There was a large protest in support of Malaysia becoming a republic in 2012.

 United Arab Emirates 
There was a coup plot by Al Islah (United Arab Emirates) to overthrow the monarchy of the United Arab Emirates and establish an Islamic republic.

 Cambodia 
There were very large protests in Cambodia against the monarchy and the government for democracy in 2013.

 Barbados 
Barbados abolished the Monarchy of Barbados and became a republic on November 30, 2021 via constitutional amendment by the Parliament.

 United Kingdom 
Upon the accession of King Charles III there were some minor protests against the monarchy. Some protesters were arrested, but they were later released without further action being taken.

 Monarchism in former monarchies 
In a referendum in Brazil in 1993, voters rejected an attempt to restore the country's monarchy. Unsuccessful efforts to restore the monarchies of some of the Balkan states in the former Eastern Bloc continue. Former King Michael of Romania and Prince Alexander of Serbia had been allowed to return, gained some popularity, played largely apolitical public roles, but never came close to being restored to their ancestral thrones. However, in Bulgaria, Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, who was deposed from the Bulgarian throne in 1946, was elected and served as the Prime Minister of his country from 2001 to 2005. The only formerly communist country to have held a referendum on the monarchy was Albania, where the claimant to his father's throne, the self-styled Leka I, lost by a 2/3 majority.

 New monarchies in the 20th century 
The 20th century also saw the formation of a number of new monarchies that still exist to this day such as Bhutan (1907), Jordan (1921), Saudi Arabia (1932), and Malaysia (1957).

 Summary table since the 20th century 

 Monarchies that were abolished, restored, and continue to exist in the 21st century 
Many other monarchies continue to exist in the 21st century, never having been abolished.

 See also 
Alliance of European Republican Movements
Criticism of monarchy
Democratization
List of countries by date of transition to a republican system of government
List of last scions
List of monarchy referendums
List of monarchs who lost their thrones before the 17th century
List of monarchs who lost their thrones in the 17th century
List of monarchs who lost their thrones in the 18th century
List of monarchs who lost their thrones in the 19th century
Debate on the monarchy in Canada
2009 Saint Vincent and the Grenadines constitutional referendum
2008 Tuvaluan constitutional referendum

 References 

Veni Creator Spiritus
"Veni Creator Spiritus" (Come, Creator Spirit) is a traditional Christian hymn believed to have been written by Rabanus Maurus, a ninth-century German monk, teacher, archbishop, and saint. When the original Latin text is used, it is normally sung to a Gregorian Chant tune first known from Kempten Abbey around the year 1000. The hymn has been translated and paraphrased into several languages, and adapted into many musical forms, often as a hymn for Pentecost or for other occasions that focus on the Holy Spirit.

 Liturgical use 

As an invocation of the Holy Spirit, Veni Creator Spiritus is sung in the Catholic Church during liturgical celebrations on the feast of Pentecost, at both Terce and Vespers. It is also sung at occasions such as the College of Cardinals entering the Sistine Chapel during a papal conclave, the consecration of bishops, the ordination of priests, the profession of members of religious institutes, administering the sacrament of Confirmation, the dedication of churches, the convening of synods or councils, the coronation of monarchs, the Red Mass starting the judicial year, and the beginning of other similar solemn events. It is also traditional to chant the hymn on New Year's Day to obtain a plenary indulgence.
Martin Luther used the hymn as the basis for his Pentecost chorale "Komm, Gott Schöpfer, Heiliger Geist", first published in 1524.
Veni Creator Spiritus is also widely used in Anglican liturgies, where it has appeared since the publication of the 1550 ordinal and continues to appear, for example, in the ordinal of the 1662 Book of Common Prayer, and in the Novena to The Holy Ghost in Saint Augustine's Prayer Book, published in 1947. The translation "Come Holy Ghost, our souls inspire" was by Bishop John Cosin in 1625, and has since been sung at all subsequent British coronations. Another English example is "Creator Spirit, by whose aid", written in 1690 by John Dryden and published in The Church Hymn Book (1872, n. 313).

 Text 
Several variations of the lyrics exist. Below are the original ninth-century text and a classicizing revision published in 1632 under Pope Urban VIII. The former is used in some Protestant churches and certain Catholic religious orders, while the latter is used in most secular Catholic parishes. A versified English translation follows.

 Notable English translations 
Since the English Reformation in the 16th century, there have been more than fifty English-language translations and paraphrases of Veni Creator Spiritus. The version attributed to Archbishop Cranmer, his sole venture into English verse, first appeared in the Prayer Book Ordinal of 1550. It was the only metrical hymn included in the Edwardian liturgy. In 1561 John Day included it after the psalms in his incomplete metrical psalter of that year. From 1562 onwards, in The Whole Booke of Psalmes, Day printed Cranmer's version at the start of the metrical paraphrases. In terms of concision and accuracy, Cranmer compares poorly with Luther. Cranmer's sixth stanza, which mentions the Last Judgement and religious strife within Christendom ("the last dreadful day... strife and dissension..."), was a new addition, with no parallel in the Latin original or in Luther's version.
The version included in the 1662 revision of the Book of Common Prayer compressed the content of the original seven verses into four (with a two-line doxology), but retained the Latin title. It was written by Bishop John Cosin for the coronation of King Charles I of Great Britain in 1625. The same words have been used at every coronation since, sung by the choir after the Creed and before the Anointing. The first verse is:

Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire,
and lighten with celestial fire.
Thou the anointing Spirit art,
who dost thy sevenfold gifts impart.During the Coronation of Charles III and Camilla in 2023, for the first time, the words were translated and also sung in Irish Gaelic, Scots Gaelic and Welsh, in addition to English. The Cosin text was translated and arranged by Grahame Davies, Iain Urchadan and Damian McManus.Another well-known version by the poet John Dryden was first published in his 1693 work, Examen Poeticum. It may be sung to the tune "Melita" by John Bacchus Dykes, and excerpts of the Dryden text have been set to the German hymn tune "Lasst uns erfreuen". Dryden's first verse is:

Creator Spirit, by whose aid
The world's foundations first were laid,
Come, visit every pious mind;
Come, pour thy joys on humankind;
From sin and sorrow set us free,
And make thy temples worthy thee.

 German paraphrases 
Martin Luther wrote a paraphrase in German, "Komm, Gott Schöpfer, Heiliger Geist" (literally: Come, God Creator, Holy Ghost) as a Lutheran hymn for Pentecost, first published in 1524, with a melody derived from the chant of the Latin hymn. It appears in the Protestant hymnal Evangelisches Gesangbuch as EG 126.Heinrich Bone published his own German paraphrase in 1845, "Komm, Schöpfer Geist, kehr bei uns ein" (literally: Come, Creator Spirit, visit us), also using an adaptation of the plainchant melody. It appears in the German Catholic hymnal Gotteslob (2013) and its 1975 predecessor.
A rhymed German translation or paraphrase, "Komm, Heiliger Geist, der Leben schafft" (literally: Come, Holy Spirit who creates life), was written by Friedrich Dörr to a melody close to the Gregorian chant, published in 1972. It became part of the Gotteslob hymnal in 1975, and the second edition in 2013, as GL 342 in the section "Pfingsten – Heiliger Geist" (Pentecost – Holy Spirit).

 Musical settings 
Over the centuries, Veni Creator Spiritus has inspired the following works by notable composers, in approximate chronological order:

Jehan Titelouze, Veni creator (1623)
Guillaume-Gabriel Nivers, "L'hymne de la Pentecôte" in his 2e Livre d'Orgue (1667)
Marc-Antoine Charpentier, 5 settings:
Veni creator Spiritus, H.54, for 3 voices (or chorus), 2 violins and continuo (1670s)
Veni creator Spiritus, H.66, for soloists, chorus, flutes, bassoons, strings and continuo (1680s)
Veni creator Spiritus, H.69, for 1 voice and continuo (1690 ca.)
Veni creator Spiritus, H.70, for 1 voice and continuo (1690)
Veni creator Spiritus, H.362, for 3 voices and continuo (early 1690s?)
Michel-Richard Delalande, Veni creator Spiritus S 14 (1689) or S 14 bis (1684)
Johann Pachelbel, chorale prelude for organ, on "Komm, Gott Schöpfer, Heiliger Geist" (1693)
Nicolas de Grigny, Veni creator en taille à 5, fugue à 5 for organ (5 versets) (1699)
Henry Desmarest, Veni creator, for soloists, chorus and orchestra (early 1700s)
Johann Gottfried Walther, chorale prelude for organ, on "Komm, Gott Schöpfer, Heiliger Geist" (early 1700s)
Johann Sebastian Bach harmonized "Komm, Gott Schöpfer, Heiliger Geist" for his four-part chorale BWV 370, and also used the tune as the basis for his chorale prelude for organ BWV 631 (1708–1717), which he later extended as BWV 667 (1750).
Charles-Hubert Gervais, Veni creator (1723)
Ferdinando Bertoni, Veni creator (1765)
François Giroust, Veni creator à 4 voix et orchestre (1787)
Camille Saint-Saëns, Veni creator à 4 voix (1858)
Hector Berlioz, Veni creator à cappella H 141 (c.1861–1868), a motet for women's voices to the Latin text
César Franck, Veni creator for two voices (TB) and organ, FWV 68 (1876)
Anton Bruckner harmonized the original tune for voice and organ as his motet WAB 50 (c. 1884).
Augusta Holmès, Veni creator for tenor and mixed chorus, IAH 74 (1887)
Alexandre Guilmant, organ works in L'Organiste liturgiste, Op. 65, Book 1 (1884) and Book 10 (1899)
Gustav Mahler set the Latin text to music in Part I of his Symphony No. 8 in E-flat major (1906).
Filippo Capocci, Organ Fantasia on Veni Creator Spiritus (1910)
Maurice Duruflé used the chant tune as the basis for his symphonic organ composition "Prélude, Adagio et Choral varié sur le thème du Veni Creator", Op. 4 (1926/1930).
Charles Tournemire, L'Orgue Mystique: In Festo Pentecostes, No. 25, Op. 56 (1928), Deux Fresques Symphoniques Sacrées II, Op. 76 (1939)
Karol Szymanowski, Veni creator for soprano, mixed chorus, organ and orchestra, Op. 57 (1930)
Gaston Litaize, Toccata sur le Veni Creator, for organ (1934)
Marcel Dupré, "Komm, Gott Schöpfer, Heiliger Geist" among his organ settings of 79 Chorales, Op. 28, No. 46 (1931), and Veni creator in the organ suite Le Tombeau de Titelouze, Op. 38, No. 8 (1942)
Jeanne Demessieux, Veni creator, Toccata for Organ (1947)
Zoltán Gárdonyi, Partita for Organ Veni creator spiritus (1958)
Paul Hindemith concluded his Concerto for Organ and Orchestra with a Phantasy on Veni Creator Spiritus (1962).
Krzysztof Penderecki wrote a motet for mixed choir (1987).
Cristóbal Halffter set the text for chorus and orchestra (1992).
Petr Eben, Toccata for Piano after Gregorian chant Veni creator spiritus (1996)
Karlheinz Stockhausen used the text in the second hour of his Klang cycle (2005), in a piece for two singing harpists titled Freude (Joy), Op. 82.
Arvo Pärt, Veni creator (2006)
Zsolt Gárdonyi, Toccata for Organ Veni creator spiritus (2020)

 References 

 External links 

Gregorian Chant: free downloads
Pope John Paul II, Letter to Priests (1998)

List of people from Butler County, Kansas
The following is a list of people from Butler County, Kansas.  The area includes the cities of El Dorado, Augusta, Rose Hill, and other cities rural areas in the county.  Inclusion on the list should be reserved for notable people past and present who have resided in the county, either in cities or rural areas.

 Family of Barack Obama 
Madelyn Dunham, maternal grandmother of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States of America
Stanley Armour Dunham, paternal grandfather of Barack Obama, the 44th  President of the United States of America
Charles T. Payne,  served in the U.S. military during World War II as a member of the division that liberated Ohrdruf, a subcamp of the Buchenwald concentration camp. He was 20 years old at the time. He is Barack Obama's great uncle (the younger brother of his late maternal grandmother Madelyn Lee Payne Dunham) and has been mentioned in Obama's speeches including the one given in 2009 commemorating the anniversary of D-Day.

 Arts 
Steve Brodie, film actor
Phyllis Haver, actress of the silent film era
Jack Marshall, composer of the theme and incidental music for the 1960s TV series The Munsters
Marion Koogler McNay, painter and art teacher who inherited a substantial oil fortune upon the death of her father; willed her fortune to be used to establish San Antonio's first museum of modern art, which today bears her name
Kevin Schmidt, actor
Mort Walker, comic artist best known for creating the newspaper comic strips Beetle Bailey in 1950 and Hi and Lois in 1954

 Athletics 
Beals Becker, outfielder in Major League Baseball from 1908 to 1915
Clarence Beers, Major League Baseball pitcher who played in 1948 with the St. Louis Cardinals
Monty Beisel, professional American football linebacker with the Kansas City Chiefs and other teams
Ernie Blandin, professional American football offensive tackle who played six seasons for the Cleveland Browns and Baltimore Colts in the National Football League and All-America Football Conference (AAFC)
Tom Borland, relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from 1960 through 1961 for the Boston Red Sox
Kendall Gammon, professional football player
Ralph Graham, college football and basketball player and coach
Larry Hartshorn, professional offensive lineman with the Chicago Cardinals
Tom Sturdivant, Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the New York Yankees, Kansas City Athletics, Boston Red Sox, Washington Senators, Pittsburgh Pirates, Detroit Tigers, and New York Mets
Josh Swindell, Major League Baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Naps
Ralph Winegarner, professional baseball player

 Old west 
Frank H. Maynard, old-time cowboy of the American West who claimed authorship of the revised version of the well-known ballad, "The Streets of Laredo"

 Politics 
Garner E. Shriver, U.S. Representative from Kansas
William Allen White, newspaper editor, politician, author, and leader of the Progressive movement
Gerald Burton Winrod, pro-Nazi and anti-Semitic evangelist, author, and political activist

 Technology 
Almon Brown Strowger, early innovator of telephone technology

 See also 
Lists of people from Kansas

 References 

SpiceJet
SpiceJet is an Indian low-cost airline headquartered in Gurgaon, Haryana. As of November 2023, it is the fourth largest airline in India by number of domestic passengers carried, with a market share of 6.2% and connects 73 destinations, including 60 Indian and 13 international from its bases at Delhi and Hyderabad.
Established as air taxi provider ModiLuft in 1994, the company was acquired by Indian entrepreneur Ajay Singh in 2004 and renamed to SpiceJet. The airline operated its first flight in May 2005. Indian media baron Kalanidhi Maran acquired a controlling stake in SpiceJet in June 2010 through Sun Group which was sold back to Ajay Singh in January 2015. The airline operates a fleet of Boeing 737 and Bombardier Dash 8 aircraft.

 History 

 1984–1996: ModiLuft era 

The origins of SpiceJet can be tracked back to March 1984 when the company was established by Indian industrialist S. K. Modi to provide private air taxi services. On 17 February 1993, the company was named as MG Express and entered into technical partnership with the German flag carrier Lufthansa. The airline provided passenger and cargo services under the name of Modiluft before ceasing operations in 1996.

 2005–2013: inception and expansion 
In 2004, the company was acquired by Ajay Singh and the airline planned to restart operations as SpiceJet following the low-cost model. SpiceJet leased two Boeing 737-800 aircraft in 2005 and planned to order 10 new aircraft for expansion. SpiceJet opened bookings on 18 May 2005 and the first flight was operated between Delhi and Mumbai on 24 May 2005. By July 2008, it was India's third-largest low-cost carrier in terms of market share after Air Deccan and IndiGo. Indian media baron Kalanidhi Maran acquired 37.7% stake in SpiceJet in June 2010 through Sun Group. The airline ordered 30 Boeing 737-8 aircraft worth US$2.7 billion July 2010 and a further 15 Bombardier Q4 Dash short-haul aircraft worth US$446 million in December 2010.In 2012, SpiceJet suffered a loss of over ₹39 crore (US$4.9 million) owing to increase in global crude prices. On 9 January 2012, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, reported that several airlines in India, including SpiceJet, have not maintained crucial data for the flight operations quality assurance. The Bombay Stock Exchange announced that ever since June 2011, SpiceJet had been suffering losses. In 2012, Kalanidhi Maran increased his stake in the airline by investing ₹100 crore (US$13 million) in the airline. The airline returned to profits at the end of the same year.  SpiceJet entered into an inter airline pact with Tigerair on 16 December 2013 which was scrapped in January 2015.

 2014–present: downturn and recovery 
In January 2015, the Sun Group sold its entire shareholding and transferred control to Ajay Singh. In September 2017, the airline placed an order for 25 Q400 turboprop aircraft. In 2019, SpiceJet took over 30 aircraft that were grounded by Jet Airways.The airline posted net losses of US$34.6 million during the fiscal quarter ended 31 March 2021, as revenue fell by 28% annually to $294.8 million. The airline planned to raise funds to the tune of $337.2 million to ensure its long term sustainability. In May 2022, Directorate General of Civil Aviation started a safety investigation into the company's aircraft following a series of incidents involving malfunctioning plane equipment. In July 2022, DGCA imposed restrictions on the number of flights to be capped at 50% of the existent flights with strict monitoring. As of November 2023, it is the fourth largest airline in India by number of domestic passengers carried, with a market share of 6.2%.

 Corporate affairs 

 Business trends 
The key trends for SpiceJet are (as of the financial year ending 31 March):

For FY2023, the company posted net losses of ₹15.0 billion.

 Ownership and structure 
The company is publicly traded under NSE: SPICEJET, with a market capitalization of about ₹4,255 crore (US$530 million) as of January 2024. On 30 March 2020, HDFC bought 3.4 crore shares of SpiceJet from the open market constituting 5.45% stake.

 Headquarters 
SpiceJet is headquartered in Gurgaon, India. Ajay Singh serves as the managing director of the airline since January 2015. The airline's logo consists of 15 dots arranged in three rows of five each in the order of their reducing sizes on a red background. In June 2015, the airline unveiled its current logo with a new tagline Red. Hot. Spicy. SpiceJet names all its aircraft with the name of an Indian spice.

 Subsidiaries 
Launched in September 2018, SpiceXpress is the air cargo division of the airline. The airline took delivery of its first 737-800 Boeing Converted Freighter (BCF) in September 2019, becoming the first South Asian carrier to induct the converted freighter into its fleet. Spice Shuttle is a fully owned subsidiary of SpiceJet which operates sea planes and other shuttle airplane services.

 Destinations 

As of January 2024, SpiceJet operated to 73 destinations, including 60 Indian and 13 international destinations. It operates hubs at Delhi and Hyderabad, which is the primary base for its fleet of Bombardier Q400 aircraft. After completing five years of flying, SpiceJet was allowed to commence international flights by Directorate General of Civil Aviation on 7 September 2010. SpiceJet launched flights from Delhi to Kathmandu and Chennai to Colombo and the first international flight took off on 7 October 2010 from Delhi.

 Codeshare agreements 
SpiceJet has codeshare agreements with the following airlines:

Emirates
Gulf Air

 Fleet 

 Current fleet 
As of December 2023, SpiceJet operates the following aircraft:

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Fleet development 
SpiceJet placed its first firm order for 20 Next-Generation Boeing 737-800s in March 2005, with deliveries scheduled up to 2010. In November 2010, the airline ordered 30 Boeing 737-800s. On 9 December 2010, Bombardier Aerospace announced that SpiceJet had placed a firm order for fifteen Q400 NextGen turboprop airliners with options for another fifteen. SpiceJet used its fleet of Q400s for short-haul operations.In March 2014, the airline signed a US$4.4 billion deal with Boeing for the procurement of 42 737 MAX 8 aircraft. In 2015, SpiceJet was in talks with both Boeing and Airbus for a possible order of more than 100 single aisle aircraft, either Airbus A320neo or the Boeing 737 MAX with the same being confirmed by managing director, Ajay Singh, in a conference in Dubai.In January 2017, the airline placed a firm order for 100 737 MAX 8 aircraft, and revealed itself as the airline behind the 13 MAX 8 aircraft previously attributed to an unidentified customer, taking its total order to 155 MAX 8 aircraft with purchase rights for 50 additional MAX 8 and wide-body aircraft. The carrier planned to grow its operational fleet to 200 airplanes and expand regionally with the new 737 MAX family of airplanes. In June 2017, the airline signed a letter of intent with Bombardier to purchase up to 50 Q400 aircraft for catering to growth in passenger traffic arising from its participation in the Indian government's UDAN regional connectivity scheme.In 2019, SpiceJet announced plans to induct 16  Boeing 737-800 NG to fulfill local and international demands due to the grounding of the Boeing 737 MAX fleet. In May 2020, when Jet Airways ceased operations, the airline placed orders for six additional Boeing 737-800 NG and five Bombardier Q400 to cover the shortage. In June 2023, SpiceJet announced plans to induct 10 Boeing 737 aircraft of which five would be 737 MAX aircraft to cater to the surge in passenger demand.

 Services 
SpiceJet has moved away from the typical low-cost carrier service model of economy class-only seating. The airline offers premium services under the name SpiceMax, whereby passengers can obtain additional benefits including pre-assigned seats with extra legroom; meals on board; priority check-in and boarding; and priority baggage handling; at a higher fare. Otherwise SpiceJet does not provide complimentary meals in any of its flights. It does sell full in-flight meals on some flights. SpiceJet operates its frequent-flyer programme but does not provide any in-flight entertainment options. SpiceJet has partnered with Tripfactory and EaseMyTrip for selling holiday packages on its platform.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to SpiceJet at Wikimedia Commons

Official website

Porn Art Movement
The Porn Art Movement (Movimento de Arte Pornô) was a transgressive Brazilian avant-garde movement that started in 1980 and ended in 1982. The movement took place under a military dictatorship  and pioneered the use of pornography both as a form of political resistance and as an innovative art medium. The movement was formally experimental, politically progressive and socially non-normative. It used the word “porn” deliberately but it did not produce conventional pornography. Rather, it rejected erotica, which was accepted by the dictatorship, and subverted the logic of pornography to create social, political and aesthetic alternatives that employed humor, scatology, surprise, poetry, performance, body politics and pansexuality. Organized and coordinated activities ended in 1982, but isolated performances were realized and publications came out until 1984. The book Antolorgia, published in 1984, was the last publication of the movement.

 History 
The Movimento de Arte Pornô (Porn Art Movement), also known as Poesia Pornô (Pornpoetry) or Pornismo (Pornism), was conceived by Eduardo Kac in January 1980 in Rio de Janeiro. Kac invited Cairo Trindade to develop the movement together and they launched it publicly on March 30, 1980, through their Ipanema Beach intervention called Pelo Topless Literário (Literary Topless). This was a sudden invasion of the beach's Lifeguard Post 9 (Posto Nove) with performances, poetry readings, demonstrations with banners featuring slogans, and distribution of publications. Lifeguard Post 9 was a strategic choice: it was considered at the time the epicenter of the beach (and, as a consequence, a major focal point of the city).
Soon after the Literary Topless intervention, Kac and Trindade invited Teresa Jardim to join them, thus forming the official performative arm of the movement, which they called Gang (The Gang). Braulio Tavares, Ana Miranda, Cynthia Dorneles and Sandra Terra also performed with The Gang.
Kac and Trindade wrote the Manifesto Pornô (Porn Manifesto) in May 1980 and first published it in the movement's zine Gang, n. 1, September 1980.  The movement published a total of three editions of the Gang zine, in addition to chapbooks, stickers, t-shirts, prints, comics, artist's books and anthologies.Between 1980 and 1982, every Friday night The Gang performed at Rio’s main square known as Cinelândia, a vibrant and busy area surrounded by the Municipal Theatre, the National Library, the Rio de Janeiro City Council and the National Museum of Fine Arts. In front of a public that mixed intellectuals and popular audiences, the Gang read out loud the Porn Manifesto on September 9, 1980. The selection of Cinelândia was also a strategic maneuver, since it is the heart of Rio de Janeiro.
On February 13, 1982, the Gang presented its last major public intervention, which took place in Ipanema Beach's Lifeguard Post 9. This event, which Kac considers the formal end of the movement, mobilized 9 performers, explored the entire repertoire developed during the preceding two years, included a wide array of props and publications, climaxed with a nude demonstration along the beach (which was and still is forbidden by law), mobilized public participation, and culminated with a collective dive in the ocean—a symbolic act meant to signify self-renewal, the beginning of a better path forward beyond the prevailing political and aesthetic conservatism.The videographer Belisario Franca, then a photographer, accompanied The Gang between 1980 and 1982, producing photographic documentation of many of its interventions.
The Brazilian Porn Art Movement anticipated the international use of pornography as a critical and imaginative art form, as later seen in the work of Jeff Koons, Annie Sprinkle, Sue Williams, Santiago Sierra, Shu Lea Cheang, Wim Delvoye and the artists featured in the 2006 DVD compilation entitled Destricted.The movement started to be rediscovered in 2010, when the Laura Marsiaj Gallery, in Rio de Janeiro, exhibited Eduardo Kac's series entitled Pornogramas (Pornograms), developed by the artist between 1980 and 1982. The first museum exhibition of the Brazilian Porn Art Movement took place at the Reina Sofía Museum, in Madrid, in the context of the group show Losing the Human Form, realized in October 2012. The museum published a catalogue that features the movement.

 Main participants 
Eduardo Kac
Cairo Trindade
Teresa Jardim
Glauco Mattoso
Braulio Tavares
Cynthia Dorneles
Hudinilson Jr.
Leila Míccolis
Ota
Siegbert Franklin
Alberto Harrigan
Hélio Lete (Hélio Leites)

 Art forms 
The Porn Art Movement produced work in a variety of media, including performance, poetry, graffiti, drawing, photography, cartoon and the graphic arts. Glauco Mattoso created an innovative form that he called Jornal Dobrabil, a self-printed double-sided sheet designed entirely on a typewriter that was visually provocative and mixed indiscriminately classic, experimental and popular pornographic material. Hudinilson Jr. created a visual vocabulary based on his systematic sampling of his own body through reprographic media, notably the photocopier. Leila Míccolis, Teresa Jardim and Cynthia Dorneles developed their respective poetic voices through a form of feminism that combined unabashed pornography and liberal political positions. Ota produced invitations, posters, cartoons and comics through which he advanced the movement's agenda while inviting the movement's participants and the public to laugh. The poetry of Braulio Tavares and the drawings of Siegbert Franklin were also significant contributions to the movement. Publicly forging a new subjectivity, Eduardo Kac wore a pink mini-skirt in his daily life. Kac also developed the innovative series entitled Pornograms, hybrid of body art, design, political resistance, performance, publishing, activism, photography and poetry. In this series Kac uses photography to explore the possibilities of writing with the body and writing the body itself. Kac included two Pornograms in his artist's book Escracho, which he published in 1983.

 Notes 

 Further reading 
Alencar, Martha. “Careta apresenta a primeira porno-entrevista da porno-imprensa porno-protagonizada pelos porno-poetas do movimento pornô”, Careta, n. 2739, August 22, 1981, pp. 34–36.
Anônimo. “Sem Erotismo. Corpos e palavras como são”, Visão, March 15, 1982, p. 45.
Kac, Eduardo; Trindade, Cairo. (orgs.). Antologia do Poema Pornô (Rio de Janeiro: Editora Trote, 1981).
Kac, Eduardo; Trindade, Cairo. (orgs.). Antolorgia (Rio de Janeiro: Editora Codecri, 1984).
Mattoso, Glauco. “O vaivém da poesia pornô”, Lampião, April 1981, p. 9.
Mattoso, Glauco. Jornal Dobrabil (São Paulo: Iluminuras, 2001).
Tinoco, Bianca. “Eduardo Kac e a escrita do corpo no espaço”, Revista Concinnitas, Instituto de Artes, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, n. 17, 2010, pp. 120–127.

 External links 
http://archives.carre.pagesperso-orange.fr/KAC_Eduardo.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20140323103135/http://www.thegentleman.com.br/pt/people/eduardo-kac-experiment-without-fear
https://web.archive.org/web/20140701083650/http://www.tecnoartenews.com/eventos/o-movimento-da-arte-porno-no-brasil-eduardo-kac-e-o-coletivo-gang/
http://www.lepeuplequimanque.org/en/distribution/eduardo-kac
http://www.ekac.org/performance.html
http://www.ota.com.br/museu/pornocom.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20130414080728/http://www.lugaradudas.org/archivo/2012/exhibiciones/310812_colectivo_gang.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20140413155851/http://www.lugaradudas.org/publicaciones/exhibiciones/GANG.pdf

List of Shanghai Disneyland Park attractions
Shanghai Disneyland Park  is a theme park at the Shanghai Disney Resort in Pudong, Shanghai. Here are the list of attractions below.

 Mickey Avenue 

 Gardens of Imagination 

 Current attractions 
Dumbo the Flying Elephant
Fantasia Carousel
Garden of the Twelve Friends
Golden Fairytale Fanfare
Marvel Comic Academy
Marvel Universe
Meet Mickey at the Gardens of Imagination

 Fantasyland 

 Current attractions 
Alice in Wonderland Maze
Evergreen Playhouse
Frozen: A Sing-Along Celebration
Hunny Pot Spin
"Once Upon a Time" Adventure
Peter Pan's Flight
Seven Dwarfs Mine Train
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh
Voyage to the Crystal Grotto

 Treasure Cove 

 Current attractions 
Explorer Canoes
Eye of the Storm: Captain Jack’s Stunt Spectacular
Pirates of the Caribbean: Battle for the Sunken Treasure
Shipwreck Shore
Siren's Revenge

 Adventure Isle 

 Current attractions 
Camp Discovery
Roaring Rapids
Soaring Over the Horizon

 Former attractions 
Tarzan: Call of the Jungle

 Tomorrowland 

 Current attractions 
Baymax Super Exercise Expo
Buzz Lightyear Planet Rescue
Club Destin-E at Tomorrowland
Jet Packs
Stitch Encounter
TRON Lightcycle Power Run
Tomorrowland Pavilion
Avatar: Explorer Pandora

 Former attractions 
Tomorrowland Pavilion
Star Wars Launch Bay

 Toy Story Land 

 Current attractions 
Slinky Dog Spin
Rex's Racers
Woody's Round-Up

 Zootopia 

 Current attractions 
Zootopia: Hot Pursuit
Disney Zootopia Comes Alive
Meet Judy Hopps and Nick Wilde

 Parades 

 Day parades 
Mickey's Storybook Express

 References 

The Philosophers' Football Match
"International Philosophy", commonly referred to as the Philosophers' Football Match, is a Monty Python sketch depicting a football match in the Munich Olympiastadion between philosophers representing Greece and Germany. Starring in the sketch are Archimedes (John Cleese), Socrates (Eric Idle), Hegel (Graham Chapman), Nietzsche (Michael Palin), Marx (Terry Jones), and Kant (Terry Gilliam). Palin also provides the match television commentary.
The footage opens with the banner headline "International Philosophy", and Palin providing the narrative. Confucius is the referee and keeps times with an hourglass. St. Thomas Aquinas and St. Augustine (sporting haloes) serve as linesmen. The German manager is Martin Luther. The match is designed as a World Cup for the most well-known western philosophers made global with Confucius arbitrating the match. As play begins, the philosophers break from their proper football positions only to walk around on the pitch as if deeply pondering, and in some cases declaiming their theories. Franz Beckenbauer, the sole genuine footballer on the pitch and a "surprise inclusion" in the German team, is left more than a little confused.
Despite being set in the Olympiastadion, the sketch was instead filmed in Munich's Grünwalder Stadion. It originally featured in the second Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus episode broadcast on 18 December 1972 and was regularly screened at the group's live shows, including Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl (1982) and Monty Python Live (Mostly) (2014).
The Greek players, mostly with long grey beards and hair, play in togas, while the Germans sport a variety of period dress including Victorian frock coats and breeches. "Nobby" Hegel carries a grey top hat, while Beckenbauer wears the red and white of the 1972 Bayern Munich football strip.

 Outcome 
Nietzsche is booked with a yellow card for arguing with the referee, claiming he has "no free will". Confucius responded by saying: "Name go in book".
In the second half, with nothing being accomplished on the pitch other than mere contemplation, Karl Marx is noticed warming up vigorously on the German sidelines. Marx soon comes on to substitute Ludwig Wittgenstein, his energy appearing as an obvious game-changer. However, upon the restart, Marx simply pulls up and starts meandering in deep thought like the rest.
With just over a minute of the match remaining, Archimedes cries out "Eureka!", takes the first kick of the ball and rushes towards the German goal. After several passes through a perplexed defence, Socrates scores the only goal of the match with a diving header off an otherwise goal-bound cross from Archimedes.
As the sketch closes, the Germans dispute the call. Through the words of the commentator, "Hegel is arguing that reality is merely an a priori adjunct of non-naturalistic ethics, Kant via the categorical imperative is holding that ontologically, it exists only in the imagination and Marx is claiming it was offside". The replay proves that, according to the offside rule, Socrates was indeed offside, but the sketch, nevertheless, states that the Greeks have won.
The names of the Greek philosophers in the lineup are displayed in German in the sketch, as the match was set in Germany. Despite the sketch, Wittgenstein was in fact Austrian and not German, while Empedocles and Archimedes lived in Sicily. Supporting the main referee Confucius as linesmen were St. Augustine and St. Thomas Aquinas, who hailed from what is now Algeria and Italy respectively.

 Match details 

 Philosophers Football Match 2010 
Inspired by the famous Monty Python sketch, and with the full backing of the surviving Pythons a tribute/replay of The Philosophers' Football Match was held at Wingate & Finchley's Harry Abrahams Stadium in Finchley, North London on 9 May 2010.This tongue-in-cheek re-staging—on a real London pitch—of the original sketch, was the idea of The Philosophy Shop, a specialist provider of education and training for primary school children. The group works to enable Philosophy graduates at University level to conduct practical philosophy sessions for children aged 5 to 11 as part of a drive to boost their reasoning skills from their first days in the school environment.Philosophers A. C. Grayling and former England Manager Graham Taylor had been appointed as managers for the event, and players included comedians Mark Steel, Tony Hawks, Arthur Smith, and Ariane Sherine, as well as philosophers Julian Baggini, Nigel Warburton, Simon Glendinning, Stephen Law, Angie Hobbs, and Mark Vernon, plus other academics from universities nationwide. Match supporters included sociologist and BBC Radio 4's Thinking Allowed presenter Laurie Taylor, the BBC's John Humphrys, and educationalist and author Anthony Seldon.

 References 

 External links 
International Philosophy Sketch (Script to the sketch) at the Wayback Machine (archived June 6, 2011)
Philosophers Football (Match 2010) at the Wayback Machine (archived August 29, 2011)

Georgian lari
The lari (Georgian: ლარი; ISO 4217: GEL) is the currency of Georgia. It is divided into 100 tetri (თეთრი). The name lari is an old Georgian word denoting a hoard, property, while tetri is an old Georgian monetary term (meaning 'white') used in ancient Colchis from the 6th century BC. Earlier Georgian currencies include the maneti (Georgian: მანეთი), abazi (აბაზი), and kuponi (კუპონი).

 Kuponi 

Georgia replaced the Soviet ruble on 5 April 1993, with the kuponi (Georgian: კუპონი) at par. This currency consisted only of banknotes, had no subdivisions and suffered from hyperinflation. Notes were issued in denominations between 1 and 1 million kuponi, including the somewhat unusual 3, 3000, 30,000 and 150,000 kuponi.

Highest denominations of each series of the Georgian kuponi
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Lari 
On 2 October 1995, the government of Eduard Shevardnadze replaced the provisional coupon currency with the Lari, at a rate of one million to one. It has remained fairly stable since then.

 Lari sign 

On 8 July 2014, Giorgi Kadagidze, Governor of the National Bank of Georgia (NBG), introduced the winning proposal for the sign of the national currency to the public and its author. The Georgian lari had its own sign.The NBG announced the Lari sign competition in December 2013. The temporary commission consisted of representatives of NBG, the Budget and Finance Committee of the Parliament of Georgia, the State Council of Heraldry, the Ministry of Culture and Monument Protection of Georgia and the Ministry of Education and Science of Georgia.In choosing the winning sign, the commission gave priority to the samples based on the Georgian Mkhedruli character and made a point of the following criteria: conception, design, accordance with Georgian alphabet, existence of elements marking the currency, ease of construction, and observance of requests and recommendations determined by competition rules.The Lari sign is based on an arched letter ლ (Lasi) of the Georgian script. It is common international practice for a currency sign to consist of a letter, crossed by one or two parallel lines. Two parallel lines crossing the letter Lasi are the basic components of the Lari sign. The so-called “leg” of the letter, represented by a horizontal line, is a necessary attribute of the sign, adding monumental stability to the upper dynamic arc. The form of the letter is transformed in order to simplify its perception and implementation as a Lari sign.The author of the winning sign is a professional artist-ceramist, Malkhaz Shvelidze.On 18 July 2014, Giorgi Melashvili, executive director of the National Bank of Georgia, sent a request letter to the Unicode Consortium to register the symbol in the Currency Symbols block of the Unicode Standard as 

₾ U+20BE GEORGIAN LARI SIGNOn 17 June 2015, the Unicode Consortium released Unicode V8.0, which includes the Lari sign as 

U+20BE ₾ LARI SIGN

 Coins 
Coins are issued in denominations of 5, 10, 20 and 50 tetri, as well as 1 and 2 lari.
The National Bank of Georgia announced on 5 October 2018 that it would discontinue circulation of 1 and 2 Tetri coins as of 1 January 2021, and that these coins would lose their legal tender status. 1 and 2 Tetri coins could be exchanged at the National Bank of Georgia and commercial banks in Georgia within one year from 1 January 2021, and can only be exchanged at the National Bank of Georgia from 1 January 2022. According to the new regulations on cash payments introduced by the National Bank of Georgia on 1 January 2019, 1 and 2 tetri are rounded to 0, and 3, 4, 6 and 7 tetri are rounded to 5.The National Bank of Georgia announced on 12 November 2015 that, effective 1 January 2018, the old 50 Tetri coin, issued since 1995, would be withdrawn from circulation and the coins would lose their legal tender status. The old 50 Tetri coin were exchangeable at the National Bank of Georgia and commercial banks of Georgia within one year from 1 January 2018, and from 1 January 2019 only at the National Bank of Georgia.

 Banknotes 

 2016–2019 (current) series 
Between November 2016 and October 2019 the National Bank of Georgia released five banknotes (in denominations of ₾5, ₾10, ₾20, ₾50, and ₾100), composing a new complete set.
The 2016–2019 series lari notes are produced by Polish Security Printing Works (Polish: Polska Wytwórnia Papierów Wartościowych).

 Earlier issues 
The National Bank of Georgia announced that banknotes of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 lari issued between 1995 and 1999 will no longer be legal tender on 1 January 2022. These currencies can only be exchanged at the National Bank of Georgia from 1 January 2022.

 See also 
Economy of Georgia (country)
Larization

 References 

 External links 

Georgian money, National Bank of Georgia
Banknotes of Georgia: Georgian Lari Catalog
Coins of Georgia at CISCoins.net
The banknotes of Georgia (in English and German)

Department of Home and Hill Affairs
The Department of Home and Hill Affairs, popularly known as the Home Department, is a West Bengal government department. It is an interior ministry mainly responsible for the administration of the West Bengal National Volunteer Force and Civil-Military Liaison, welfare of military personnel, RIMC admission test, scholarship to RIMC/NDA cadets, World War-II veteran pension, concessions to volunteer-members of Territorial Army, rewards to Gallantry/Distinguished Service Awardees.

 Ministerial Team and Senior Officials 
The ministerial team at the Home Department is headed by the Cabinet Minister for Home Affairs, who may or may not be supported by Ministers of State.  The current Minister of Home and Hill Affairs is Mamata Banerjee who is also the Chief Minister of West Bengal.
The department's administration is headed by an IAS officer of rank of either Additional Chief Secretary or Principal Secretary.

 References 

Adarna (TV series)
Adarna is a Philippine television drama fantasy series broadcast by GMA Network. The series is loosely based on the Philippine epic Ibong Adarna. Directed by Ricky Davao, it stars Kylie Padilla in the title role. It premiered on November 18, 2013 on the network's Telebabad line up replacing Kahit Nasaan Ka Man. The series concluded on March 7, 2014 with a total of 80 episodes. It was replaced by Kambal Sirena in its timeslot.
The series is streaming online on YouTube.

 Premise 
Ada is prophesied to be the most powerful healer in Pugad Sanghaya. As she discovers the path towards fulfilling her fate, she meets three men - Migo, Bok and Falco.

 Cast and characters 

Lead castKylie Padilla as Ada / AngelSupporting castGeoff Eigenmann as Migo "Miggy" Salva
Benjamin Alves as Bok / Agalon
Mikael Daez as Falco
Jean Garcia as Larka / Lupe
Michelle Madrigal as Garuda
Ryza Cenon as Mikay
Chynna Ortaleza as Janelle
Saab Magalona as Robin Abrientos
Maureen Larrazabal as Jinky
Jestoni Alarcon as Simon
Dante Rivero as UwakroGuest castNeil Ryan Sese as Kestrel
Anica Tindoy as younger Ada
Josh Clement Eugenio as younger Miggy
Frances Makil-Ignacio as Teray
Kris Bernal as Berbola
Solenn Heussaff as Daiana
Katrina Halili as Theresa
Isay Alvarez as Annaliza Salva
Arkin Magalona as Mikel
Patricia Ysmael as Wendy
Marc Acueza as Leon
Mike "Pekto" Nacua as Hugho
Timmy Cruz as Calisay
Dianne Hernandez as Maya
Carme Sanchez as Ima Pepita
Angie Ferro as Uraculo
JC Tiuseco as Heron
Daniella Amable as Migo's niece
Miko Zarasadias as Migo's nephew
Buboy Villar as Jerry
RJ Padilla as Rocco
Roldan Aquino as Gregorio Abrientos
Diva Montelaba as Raya

 Ratings 
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Adarna earned an 18.5% rating. While the final episode scored a 20.8% rating.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Adarna at IMDb

Al Jarreau discography
This is the discography of American singer and musician Al Jarreau.

 Albums 

 Studio albums 

 Live albums 

 Compilation albums 

 Singles 

 Other 

 Soundtrack inclusions 
1982: "Girls Know How", in the film Night Shift (Warner Bros)
1984: "Moonlighting (theme)" and "Since I Fell for You", in the television show Moonlighting (Universal)
1984: "Boogie Down", in the film Breakin' (Warner Bros)
1984: "Million Dollar Baby", in the film City Heat (Warner Bros)
1986: "The Music of Goodbye", duet with Melissa Manchester, in the film Out of Africa (MCA Records)
1989: "Never Explain Love", in the film Do the Right Thing (Motown)
1992: "Blue Skies", in the film Glengarry Glen Ross (New Line Cinema)
1992: "Heaven Is", in the film The Magic Voyage (Zweites Deutsches Fernsehen)
1998: "My Life and My Love", in the film The Secret of NIMH 2: Timmy to the Rescue (MGM)

 Guest appearances 
1974: "If I Ever Lose This Heaven" from Body Heat/Quincy Jones (A&M) (Jarreau provides background scat and vocal percussion.)
1978: "Hot News Blues" from Secret Agent/Chick Corea (Polydor)
1979: "Little Sunflower" from The Love Connection/Freddie Hubbard (Columbia)
1980: "One Good Turn" from In Harmony: A Sesame Street Record/Various Artists (Warner Bros.)
1982: "Your Precious Love (w/Randy Crawford)" from Casino Lights: Recorded Live At Montreux, Switzerland/Various Artists (Warner Bros.)
1983: "Bet Cha Say That to All the Girls" from Bet Cha Say That to All the Girls/Sister Sledge (Cotillion)
1984: "Edgartown Groove" from Send Me Your Love/Kashif (Arista)
1985: "We Are the World" from We Are the World/USA for Africa (Columbia) US No. 1, R&B No. 1 UK No. 1
1986: "Since I Fell for You" from Double Vision/Bob James & David Sanborn (Warner Bros.)
1987: "Day by Day" from City Rhythms/Shakatak
1989: "Somehow Our Love Survives" from Spellbound/Joe Sample (Warner Bros.)
1997: "Girl from Ipanema" and "Waters of March" from A Twist of Jobim/Lee Ritenour (GRP)
1997: "How Can I Help You Say Goodbye" from Doky Brothers 2/Chris Minh Doky and Niels Lan Doky (Blue Note Records)
1998: "Smile and Pierrot" with Gregor Prächt, David Benoit and the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra, arranged by George Duke
2000: "Happiness" from Here's to You, Charlie Brown: 50 Great Years!/David Benoit (GRP)
2006: "Take Five (w/Kurt Elling)" from Legends Of Jazz With Ramsey Lewis Showcase/Various Artists (LRS Media)
2009: "Whisper Not" from New Time, New Tet/Benny Golson (Concord Jazz)

 References 

 External links 
Al Jarreau discography at Discogs

Teleocephala
Teleocephala is a supercohort of vertebrates, it is the grouping which contains the "crown group" of the Teleostei, the bony fishes. The name was coined by Mario de Pinna in his 1996 book Interrelationships of Fishes and the clade was given the rank of supercohort by Edward O. Wiley and G. David Johnson in 2010. Some authorities treat Teleocephala and Teleosteomorpha as synonymous, however, this is only applicable when treating extant taxa and that the treatment of these taxa in the 5th edition of Fishes of the World is somewhat confusing as de Pinna's original Teleocephala is actually a combination of three taxonomical concepts.

 References 

Swing state
In American politics, a swing state (also known as battleground state, toss-up state or purple state) is any state that could reasonably be won by either the Democratic or Republican candidate in a statewide election, most often referring to presidential elections, by a swing in votes. These states are usually targeted by both major-party campaigns, especially in competitive elections. Meanwhile, the states that regularly lean to a single party are known as "safe states" (or more specifically as "red states" and "blue states" depending on the partisan leaning), as it is generally assumed that one candidate has a base of support from which a sufficient share of the electorate can be drawn without significant investment or effort by the campaign.
Due to the winner-take-all method most states use to determine their presidential electors, candidates often campaign only in competitive states, which is why a select group of states frequently receives a majority of the advertisements and candidate visits. The battlegrounds may change in certain election cycles and may be reflected in overall polling, demographics, and the ideological appeal of the nominees.

 Background 
In American presidential elections, each state is free to decide the method by which its electors to the Electoral College will be chosen. To increase its voting power in the Electoral College system, every state, with the exceptions of Maine and Nebraska, has adopted a winner-take-all system, where the candidate who wins the most popular votes in a state wins all of that state's electoral votes. The expectation was that the candidates would look after the interests of the states with the most electoral votes. However, in practice, most voters tend not to change party allegiance from one election to the next, leading presidential candidates to concentrate their limited time and resources campaigning in those states that they believe they can swing towards them or stop states from swinging away from them, and not to spend time or resources in states they expect to win or lose. Because of the electoral system, the campaigns are less concerned with increasing a candidate's national popular vote, tending instead to concentrate on the popular vote only in those states which will provide the electoral votes it needs to win the election, and it is far from unheard of for a candidate to secure sufficient electoral votes while not having won the national popular vote.
In past electoral results, Republican candidates would have expected to easily win most of the mountain states and Great Plains, such as Idaho, Wyoming, the Dakotas, Montana, Utah, Kansas, Oklahoma, and Nebraska, most of the South, including Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, and South Carolina, as well as Alaska. Democrats usually take the Mid-Atlantic states, including New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia, and Delaware, New England, particularly Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, the West Coast states of California, Oregon, Washington, Hawaii, and the Southwestern states of Colorado and New Mexico, as well as the Great Lakes states of Illinois and Minnesota.However, some states that consistently vote for one party at the presidential level occasionally elect a governor of the opposite party; this is currently the case in Vermont and Virginia which have Republican governors, as well as in Kentucky and Kansas, which currently have Democratic governors. Even in presidential election years, voters may split presidential and gubernatorial tickets. In 2020, this occurred in Vermont and New Hampshire, which elected Republican governors even as Democrat Joe Biden won both states, while North Carolina elected a Democratic governor despite also voting for Republican Donald Trump.In Maine and Nebraska, the apportionment of electoral votes parallels that for U.S. senators and representatives. Two electoral votes go to the candidate who wins the plurality of the vote statewide, and a candidate gets an additional electoral vote for each congressional district in which they receive a plurality. Both of these states have relatively few electoral votes – a total of 4 and 5, respectively. Despite their rules, each state has split its electoral votes twice – in 2008, when Nebraska gave four votes to Republican John McCain, and one to Democrat Barack Obama, and in 2020, when Nebraska gave four votes to Donald Trump and one to Joe Biden; in 2016 and 2020, Donald Trump won one vote in Maine, while Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden both were awarded three, respectively.

 Competitive states 
States where the election has a close result become less meaningful in landslide elections. Instead, states which vote similarly to the national vote proportions are more likely to appear as the closest states. For example, the states in the 1984 election with the tightest results were Minnesota and Massachusetts. A campaign strategy centered on them, however, would not have been meaningful in the Electoral College, as Democratic nominee Walter Mondale required victories in many more states than Massachusetts, Republican Ronald Reagan still would have won by a large margin. Instead, the tipping-point state that year was Michigan, as it gave Reagan the decisive electoral vote. The difference in Michigan was nineteen percentage points, quite similar to Reagan's national margin of eighteen percent. Michigan would have been more relevant to the election results had the election been closer.
Similarly, Barack Obama's narrow victory in Indiana in the 2008 election inaccurately portrays its status as a battleground. Obama lost Indiana by more than ten percentage points in the closer 2012 election, but triumphed anyway as Indiana's electoral votes were not directly needed for a coalition of 270 votes; the same scenario was with Missouri, where John McCain narrowly won by 4,000 votes in the 2008 election, but was won by Mitt Romney by nearly 10 points in 2012 election, indicating its GOP trend. Other lightly Republican leaning states such as North Carolina and Arizona were more plausible Democratic pick-ups in 2012. In 2012, the states of North Carolina, Florida, Ohio, and Virginia were decided by a margin of less than five percent. However, none of them were considered the tipping-point state, as Romney would not have been able to defeat Obama even if he had emerged victorious in all of them. Interestingly, Virginia was most in-step with the rest of the country. Virginians voted for Obama by just under 4 points, almost the exact same as the nation. Had the election come out closer, Romney's path to victory would probably have involved also winning Wisconsin, Nevada, New Hampshire, or Iowa, as these states had comparable margins to Colorado, and had been battlegrounds during the election.
As many mathematical analysts have noted, however, the state voting in a fashion most similar to that of the nation as a whole is not necessarily the tipping-point. For example, if a candidate wins only a few states but does so by a wide margin, while the other candidate's victories are much closer, the popular vote would likely favor the former. However, although the vast majority of the states leaned to the latter candidate in comparison to the entire country, many of them would end up having voted for the loser in greater numbers than did the tipping-point state. The presidential election in 2016 was a notable example, as it featured one of the largest historical disparities between the Electoral College and popular vote. Additionally, this "split" in votes was much larger in both directions than in previous elections, such as the 2000 election. In that election, Vice President Al Gore won the popular vote by less than 1 percent, while incoming president George W. Bush won the Electoral College by only 5 votes. In contrast, 2016 Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by over 2 percentage points. This meant that Donald Trump would have picked up New Hampshire, Nevada, and Minnesota if the popular vote had been tied, assuming a uniform shift among the battleground states. On the other hand, Clinton would have had to win the popular vote by at least 3 points to win the Electoral College, as Trump, the Republican nominee, won the tipping-point state of Wisconsin by less than 1 percent. In 2020, Joe Biden won the popular vote by over 4 percentage points but won the tipping point state of Pennsylvania by only 1 percent. This shows Donald Trump could win the election even if he lost the popular vote by over 3 percent and would have picked up Georgia, Arizona, and Wisconsin with a uniform shift among the states.
Swing states have generally changed over time. For instance, the swing states of Ohio, Connecticut, Indiana, New Jersey and New York were key to the outcome of the 1888 election. Likewise, Illinois and Texas were key to the outcome of the 1960 election, Florida and New Hampshire were key in deciding the 2000 election, and Ohio was important during the 2004 election. Ohio has gained its reputation as a regular swing state after 1980, and did not vote against the winner between 1960 and 2020. In fact, only three people have won the presidential election without winning Ohio since 1900: Franklin D. Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, and Joe Biden. Areas considered battlegrounds in the 2020 election were Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Maine's 2nd congressional district, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska's 2nd congressional district, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and Wisconsin, with Florida, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin constituting the "Big Five" most likely to decide the electoral college. In the end, Joe Biden won Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Minnesota, NE-02, Nevada, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin, while Donald Trump won ME-02, Florida, Iowa, North Carolina, Ohio and Texas.
Campaign strategies are not universal in swing states. Statistical analytics website FiveThirtyEight notes that some swing states, such as New Hampshire, swing because they have many moderate, independent swing voters, and campaigning puts an emphasis on persuading voters. Contrasting this is Georgia, which is a swing state because it has large populations of Republican-leaning evangelical whites and Democratic-leaning Black voters and urban college-educated professionals, thus campaigns often concentrate on voter turnout.

 Determining swing states 
Presidential campaigns and pundits seek to keep track of the shifting electoral landscape. While swing states in past elections can be determined simply by looking at how close the vote was in each state, determining states likely to be swing states in future elections requires estimation and projection based on previous election results, opinion polling, political trends, recent developments since the previous election, and any strengths or weaknesses of the particular candidate involved. The swing-state "map" transforms between each election cycle, depending on the candidates and their policies, sometimes dramatically and sometimes subtly. For example, in the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton overperformed in educated, suburban states such as Virginia and Colorado compared to past Democratic candidates, while Donald J. Trump performed above standard Republican expectations in the Rust Belt, such as Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. In addition, gradual shifts can occur within states due to changes in demography, geography, or population patterns. For example, many currently Republican states, like Arkansas, Missouri, Tennessee, and West Virginia, had been battlegrounds as recently as 2004.According to a pre-election 2016 analysis, the thirteen most competitive states were Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Minnesota, Arizona, Georgia, Virginia, Florida, Michigan, Nevada, Colorado, North Carolina, and Maine. Nebraska's 2nd congressional district was (and is still as of 2020) also considered competitive. However, this projection was not specific to any particular election cycle, and assumed similar levels of support for both parties.Ten weeks before the 2020 presidential election, statistical analytics website FiveThirtyEight noted that the electoral map is "undergoing a series of changes", with some states moving rightward, other states moving leftward, and two states (Florida, until the 2020 election, and North Carolina) described as "perennial" swing states. Likewise, an analysis of results of the 2018 midterms indicated that the "battleground states" are changing, with Colorado and Ohio becoming less competitive and more Democratic and Republican, respectively, while Georgia and Arizona were slowly turning into swing states.

 Criticism 

The electoral college encourages political campaigners to focus most of their efforts on courting voters in swing states. States in which polling shows no clear favorite are usually targeted at a higher rate with campaign visits, television advertising, and get out the vote efforts by party organizers and debates. According to Katrina vanden Heuvel, a journalist for The Nation, "four out of five" voters in the national election are "absolutely ignored".Since most states use a winner-takes-all arrangement, in which the candidate with the most votes in that state receives all of the state's electoral votes, there is a clear incentive to focus almost exclusively on only a few undecided states. In contrast, many states with large populations such as California, Texas and New York have in recent elections been considered "safe" for a particular party, and therefore not a priority for campaign visits and money. Meanwhile, twelve of the thirteen smallest states are thought of as safe for either party – only New Hampshire is regularly a swing state. Additionally, campaigns stopped mounting nationwide electoral efforts in the last few months near/at the ends of the blowout 2008 election, but rather targeted only a handful of battlegrounds.

 Swing states by results 

This is a chart of swing states using the methodology of Nate Silver for determining tipping point states, but including the other states in close contention in recent elections, ranked by margin of victory. In this method, states and DC are ordered by margin of victory, then tabulating which states were required to get to 270+ electoral votes in margin order. The tipping point state, and the next 10 states with close margins on each side, are shown as the swing states in retrospect, along with the "bias" which is the difference between the final margin in the tipping point state and final popular vote margin. This takes into account inherent electoral college advantages; for example, Michigan was the closest state in 2016 by result, and Nevada was the closest state to the national popular vote result, but the tipping points that most mattered for assembling a 270 electoral vote coalition were Wisconsin and Pennsylvania.

 See also 
Bellwether
Blue wall (politics)
Marginal seat
Missouri bellwether
Purple America
Red states and blue states

 References 

 External links 
The Critical 2012 Swing States
Battleground States 2008 via the Washington Post
Swing State Ohio Documentary
Swing State feature documentary project
Suellentrop, Chris (June 4, 2004). "The Swing States". Slate. Archived from the original on June 8, 2004.
"Battleground states". Democracy in Action. George Washington University. Archived from the original on March 13, 2017.
"How close were U.S. Presidential Elections? - Influential States" – Michael Sheppard
The Bush campaign memo detailing its look at the swing states (PDF file)

HMS Boxer (1812)
HMS Boxer was a 12-gun Bold-class gun-brig built and launched in July 1812. The ship had a short service history with the British Royal Navy before the 16-gun USS Enterprise captured her near Portland, Maine, in September 1813. She then went on to have at least a decade-long commercial career.

 Design and construction 
The Bold class were a revival of Sir William Rule's Confounder-class gun-brig design of 1804. They were armed with ten 18-pounder carronades and two 6-pounder bow chasers. Built by Hobbs & Hellyer, Redbridge, Hampshire, she was launched on 25 July 1812.

 Royal Navy service off Maine 
Commander George Rose Sartorius commissioned her in August 1812. R. Coote may have briefly commanded her before Commander Samuel Blyth took command in September; on 17 April 1813 she sailed for Halifax and service in the squadron of Sir John Borlase Warren. In Halifax, Blyth added two extra carronades to her armament. She therefore actually carried fourteen guns: twelve 18-pounder carronades and two long 6-pounders.
While coming down from New Brunswick and off the coast of Lubec, Maine, Blyth sighted and captured a small sailing craft crewed by a group of women out for a sail. He brought the women aboard and politely suggested that in the future they sail closer to the shore; he then released them. One of the women was married to the local militia commander who, impressed with Blyth’s courtesy, placed advertisements in local newspapers praising his chivalry.
In Boxer Lieutenant Blyth captured seven small vessels, most of them coasting:

6 July, the schooner Two Brothers, of 89 tons, from Tanfield, bound to Eastport;
6 July, the sloop Friendship, of 100 tons, from Blackrock bound to Eastport;
25 July, the sloop Fairplay;
27 July, the schooner Rebecca, of 86 tons, from New York and bound for Cadiz or Halifax;
28 July, the schooner Nancy, of 14 tons, taken in the harbour at Little River;
3 August, the schooner Rebecca, of 117 tons, from Townsend, bound to Boston;
31 August, the schooner Fortune.

 Capture by USS Enterprise 

On 5 September 1813, Boxer engaged the American brig Enterprise under Lieutenant William Burrows. Blyth nailed his colours to the mast and died in the first broadside.  The same broadside that killed Blyth dismasted Boxer. Boxer continued to fight for another  half an hour before she was forced to strike. Enterprise carried two more guns, had a heavier broadside, and had  almost twice the number of men. However, the key factor was the dismasting of the Boxer, which allowed Enterprise to maneuver to rake her. Furthermore, a court martial later found that a number of British seamen had deserted their quarters during the action.Blyth was buried in Portland with full military honours at the same time and next to Burrows, who had also died in the action. The surviving officers placed a tombstone over Blyth's grave. He was 29 years old; Burrows was 28.

 Mercantile service 
Boxer was sold at auction in Portland, Maine, to Thomas Merrill, Jr., for US$5,600. Her guns and ballast were sold at the same time, the whole proceeds amounting to US$9,755. Burrow's heirs received US$1,115; each seaman's share of the prize money was US$55. Some of her spare spars and rigging went to equip the Mercator.
Boxer's guns went to arm the Maine privateer Hyder Ali. Hyder Ali did not have much luck either. She captured two prizes that the British retook before they could reach Maine and was herself then captured in May 1814 near the Nicobar Islands by Owen Glendower.
Initially Boxer was pressed into service to defend Portland harbour. After the war she went on to sail as a merchantman for several years. Her first voyage was in April 1815.  Under Captain William McLellan, Jr. (1776–1844), she sailed to Havana, New York, Cadiz, Gibraltar, Marseilles, and back to New York before returning to Portland in early 1816. Subsequent shorter cruises under McLellan, Hall, or William Merrill took her along the coast, or to the West Indies. Around 1818 Merrill sold Boxer to a Portuguese firm that used her as a mail packet between Portuguese Cape Verde and Lisbon. Merrill reported that in 1825 he passed Boxer leaving Praia at dusk as he entered the harbour on his vessel John. It is suggested that Boxer was finally lost on the coast of Brazil.

 See also 
For later United States Navy warships named after the captured HMS Boxer, see: USS Boxer

 Citations 

 References 
Colledge, J. J.; Warlow, Ben (2006) [1969]. Ships of the Royal Navy: The Complete Record of all Fighting Ships of the Royal Navy (Rev. ed.). London: Chatham Publishing. ISBN 978-1-86176-281-8.
Dill, J. Gregory (2006) Myth, Fact, and Navigators' Secrets: Incredible Tales of the Sea and Sailors. (Guilford, CT: The Lyons Press). ISBN 978-1-59228-879-3
Goold, William (1886) Portland in the past: with historical notes of Old Falmouth. (Portland, Me.: Printed for the author by B. Thurston & Co.).
Lohnes, Barry J. (1973) "British Naval Problems at Halifax During the War of 1812". Mariner's Mirror 59, 317-333.
Maine Historical Society (1890–99) Collections and proceedings of the Maine Historical Society. (Portland: The Society).
Smith, Joshua (2011). Battle for the Bay: The War of 1812. Fredericton, NB: Goose Lane Editions. ISBN 978-0-86492-644-9.
Winfield, Rif (2007). British Warships in the Age of Sail 1793–1817: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth. ISBN 978-1-86176-246-7.This article includes data released under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported UK: England & Wales Licence, by the National Maritime Museum, as part of the Warship Histories project.

The Amazing Race 33
The Amazing Race 33 is the thirty-third season of the American reality competition show The Amazing Race. Hosted by Phil Keoghan, it featured eleven teams of two, each with a pre-existing relationship, competing in a race around the world in order to win US$1,000,000. Though filming started in February 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic caused production to be placed on hold for over a year and a half. The race resumed in September 2021 with most of the original teams and a modified route. This season visited two continents and seven countries and traveled over 22,000 miles (35,000 km). Starting from several cities in the United States, racers traveled through England and Scotland before production was suspended. After reuniting in St. Gallen, racers traveled through Switzerland, France, Greece, and Portugal before finishing in Greater Los Angeles. An element of the show that returned for this season was having teams start from their homes instead of a centralized location. The season premiered on CBS on January 5, 2022, and the season finale aired on March 2, 2022.Married internet personalities Kim and Penn Holderness were the winners of this season, while flight attendants Raquel Moore and Cayla Platt finished in second place, and best friends Ryan Ferguson and Dusty Harris finished in third place.

 Production 

 Development and filming 

In January 2020, during the winter press tour for the Television Critics Association in Pasadena, California, Amazing Race co-creators and executive producers Bertram van Munster and Elise Doganieri, who were promoting their new National Geographic show Race to the Center of the Earth, confirmed to Andy Dehnart of Reality Blurred that they would be filming a thirty-third season of The Amazing Race later in the year.Filming began on February 22, 2020 as usual, after host Phil Keoghan finished filming the first season of Tough as Nails. This season of The Amazing Race started with Keoghan contacting teams at their homes, instructing them to travel to London, and it was expected to conclude in mid-March. However, filming was suspended on February 28 after three legs had been completed in England and Scotland with the contestants and production crew sent home as a precaution due to the worsening COVID-19 pandemic. According to van Munster, he contacted CBS after he and his crew arrived in Sweden to film in Lapland, where the fourth leg was to take place, to halt the season due to the dangers of the emerging pandemic. In addition to Sweden, the remainder of the original racecourse prior to production shutdown would have visited Austria, Italy, Vietnam, Thailand, South America, and a first-time visit to Nepal.

 COVID-19 shutdown 
After the season was suspended, Phil Keoghan stated that the show intended to resume filming where it had left off, but he also acknowledged that filming could not resume until viral transmissions declined. Kelly Kahl, the President of CBS Entertainment, stated that the show would film "as soon as we can safely get back into production" with the producers working to "plot out a race that sticks to countries that are safe" but acknowledged the difficulties of "literally [having] to navigate some international waters." Kahl also stated that he wasn't aware of any contestants that had dropped out of the season. Keoghan stated a year later that he could not guarantee that every team would be able to return once filming restarted. In April 2021, Mitch Graham, SVP of Alternative Programming, stated that production looked at the option of going to COVID-light countries but that it was unlikely as it would not lead to the same experience of traveling the globe. The following month, the creators of the show stated that they have plans to resume filming the season once they can assure team safety with mass vaccinations in target travel locations. Kahl stated that he hoped to have the season air in the midseason of the 2021–22 television season provided that enough countries open up in the coming months to film the remaining legs. In an interview with Gold Derby in June 2021, Keoghan stated that a plan to film safely had been established.

 Resumption of filming 

In September 2021, Thom Sherman, the Senior Executive Vice President, Programming, CBS Entertainment, announced at the Television Critics Association that the show was in pre-production and would return for the 2021–22 television season. In order to restart the season, production chartered an Amazing Race-branded Titan Airways Boeing 757 for subsequent travel by teams and crew, which included four COVID testing teams, to reduce infection risk. To account for common travel on the chartered jet, teams were released from the charter plane in a number of groups, with those who had checked in at the previous Pit Stop earlier able to start the next leg earlier. Keoghan said that the use of a chartered jet was something they had considered previously as it would have eliminated problems with airports, and in this season, they at times did not inform the racers where their next destination was until they landed. New tasks were developed with social distancing in mind, with preference for outdoor activities rather than crowded indoor ones. Teams were still made to rely on either their own driving or using public transportation where production affirmed that drivers took COVID precautions.Racers traveled to Switzerland and resumed racing on September 19, 2021, after 1 year, 6 months, and 22 days (nearly nineteen months). The remaining legs after Scotland were altered to have travel proceed through locations with the lowest COVID-19 rates: Zürich, Lugano, Corsica, Halkidiki, Thessaloniki, and Lisbon before returning to Los Angeles. However, four teams were unable to return after production resumed due to extenuating circumstances: Anthony was unable to return due to work; Caro & Ray had broken up during the hiatus and Caro's work visa had expired, meaning she was unable to return to the United States due to travel restrictions against non-U.S. citizens; Connie and Sam were expecting a child when the restart was planned; and Taylor was on bereavement following the death of his brother from COVID-19 which had occurred shortly before the planned restart. Two teams that had been originally eliminated before the production shutdown, Michael & Moe and Arun & Natalia, were brought back to the competition. Filming of the season wrapped in October.

 Casting 
This season saw Jesse Tannenbaum, who was recently promoted to casting director of Survivor starting with Island of the Idols, become the show's new casting director, a role he previously held during season 29 and season 30, after Lynne Spillman's contract with CBS expired in 2018. The cast was announced by CBS on December 10, 2021.

 Cast 
The cast included Love Island season 1 couple Caro Viehweg and Ray Gantt; married internet personalities Kim and Penn Holderness; Buffalo Singing Cops duo Michael Norwood and Moe Badger; 2015 Thalys train attack heroes Anthony Sadler and Spencer Stone; and Ryan Ferguson, who spent ten years in prison after being wrongfully convicted.
Future appearancesIn 2022, Caro Viehweg and Ray Gantt appeared on the fifth season of MTV's Ex on the Beach. Cayla Platt competed on the first season of The Challenge: USA. Dusty Harris competed on the second season of The Challenge: USA. In 2023, Gantt competed on Love Island Games. Lulu and Lala Gonzalez competed on Raid the Cage.

 Results 
The following teams are listed with their placements in each leg. Placements are listed in finishing order. Note that the race was suspended at the end of leg 3 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and resumed a year-and-a-half later.

A red placement with a dagger (†) indicates that the team was eliminated.
An italicized and underlined placement indicates that the team was the last to arrive, but there was no rest period at the Pit Stop and all teams were instructed to continue racing. There was no required Speed Bump task in the next leg.
An underlined blue placement with a double-dagger (‡) indicates that the team was the last to arrive at a Pit Stop in a non-elimination leg, and was the only team to begin the subsequent leg in the final departure group.Notes

 Race summary 

 Leg 1 (United States → England) 
Episode 1: "We're Back!" (January 5, 2022)
Prize: A trip for two to the Turks and Caicos Islands (awarded to Anthony & Spencer)
Eliminated: Michael & MoeLocationsAssorted Cities (Teams' Homes) (Start)
 New York City, New York or Los Angeles, California or Charlotte, North Carolina or Chicago, Illinois → London, England
London (Trafalgar Square)
London (Buckingham Palace – Canada Gate)
London (South Molton Street – Mess Hall at Immersive LDN or Parliament Square, Little Ben & Piccadilly Station) 
London (Soho – The Chipping Forecast)
London (Natural History Museum) Episode summaryInstead of a traditional starting line, teams received a video message from Phil Keoghan informing them of the start of The Amazing Race. Teams then had to fly from their local airports to London, England, travel to Trafalgar Square, and find one of four men dressed as a red telephone box with their next clue. They were then instructed to travel by foot down The Mall to Buckingham Palace, where they found their next clue.
 This season's first Detour was a choice between Artist Den or Digiben. In Artist Den, teams had to properly paste a 36-piece Banksy-style poster to a wall in order to receive their next clue. In Digiben, teams had to find a bobby in Parliament Square by Big Ben, then find a promoter by Little Ben, who sent them to DJ Digiben in Piccadilly Circus tube station, who had their next clue.
After the Detour, teams had to find "The Queen and Boris Johnson having a nosh" (a pair of impersonators) at The Chipping Forecast in order to receive their next clue, which directed them to the Pit Stop beneath the blue whale skeleton at the Natural History Museum.

 Leg 2 (England) 
Episode 2: "It Can't Be That Easy" (January 5, 2022)LocationsLondon (St Mary Abbots) 
London (Postal Museum – Mail Rail) 
London (Leicester Square)
London (Flight Club Shoreditch or Mange) 
London (ArcelorMittal Orbit ) (Unaired)
London (Russell Square Metro Station – Double-Decker Bus) Episode summaryAt the start of this leg, teams had to travel to the Postal Museum in London in order to find their next clue.
 In this season's first Roadblock, one team member had to ride a train along the Mail Rail to a loading dock and sort through a bin filled with packages and envelopes in order to find their next clue.
After the Roadblock, teams had to travel to Leicester Square, where they found their next clue.
 This leg's Detour was a choice between Bullseye, Mate or Decorate. In Bullseye, Mate, both team members had to score a bullseye on a dartboard in the same round in order to receive their next clue. In Decorate, teams were presented with twelve cakes decorated like the flags of various countries. Teams had to determine which two flags belonged to countries that were part of the European Union (France and Germany) and then replicate the two cakes in order to receive their next clue.
Teams had to check in at the Pit Stop on a double-decker bus at the Russell Square Metro Station.Additional notesAfter the Detour, teams had to climb to the top of the ArcelorMittal Orbit in order to receive their next clue. This task was unaired.
There was no elimination at the end of this leg; all teams were instead directed to continue racing.
Legs 1 and 2 aired back-to-back as a special two-hour episode.

 Leg 3 (England → Scotland) 
Episode 3: "Who Has This One in the Bag?" (January 12, 2022)
Prize: A trip for two to Cape Cod, Massachusetts (awarded to Kim & Penn)
Eliminated: Arun & NataliaLocations London → Glasgow, Scotland
Glasgow (Glasgow Central Station – NCP Car Park)
Luss (Culag Lochside Guest House) (Unaired)
Glasgow (Òran Mór) 
Glasgow (Alexandra Park – Saracen Fountain)
Glasgow (Britannia Panopticon Music Hall or Fishers Cooperage) 
Glasgow (University of Glasgow Cloisters) Episode summaryAt the start of this leg, teams were instructed to travel on an overnight Caledonian Sleeper train to Glasgow, Scotland, where they found their next clue on the windshield of a marked vehicle at NCP Car Park. Teams had to drive to Òran Mór in order to find their next clue.
 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to assemble a set of bagpipes and then play a drone alongside the Johnstone Pipe Band for the length of the Scottish national anthem in order to receive their next clue.
After the Roadblock, teams had to find their next clue at the Saracen Fountain in Alexandra Park.
 This leg's Detour was a choice between Kilt or Rebuilt. In Kilt, teams had to learn and perform the song "Donald Where's Your Troosers?" in Highland dress in order to receive their next clue. In Rebuilt, teams had to remove the top two metal hoops from two whisky barrels, hammer a new head into each barrel's croze, and then replace the hoops in order to receive their next clue.
After the Detour, teams had to check in at the Pit Stop: the University of Glasgow.Additional notesAfter arriving in Scotland, teams had to drive to Culag Lochside Guest House on the shores of Loch Lomond and use a mallet to pop a bung out of a barrel in order to retrieve their next clue. This task was unaired.
At the end of the leg, Phil Keoghan gathered all of the teams at the Pit Stop to announce that production of the race was suspended on account of the COVID-19 pandemic and all teams were sent home.

 Leg 4 (Switzerland) 
Episode 4: "Ready to Restart the Race" (January 19, 2022)
Prize: US$2,500 each (awarded to Ryan & Dusty)
Eliminated: Michael & MoeLocationsSt. Gallen, Switzerland (St. Gallen Cathedral) (Restarting Line)
 St. Gallen (Museumstrasse) → Hundwil (Schwägalp Pass)
 Hundwil (Säntis) 
Urnäsch (Gasthaus Sonne)
Urnäsch (Frehner Farm or Schulanlage AU) 
Altstätten (Field) (Unaired) 
Altstätten (Marktgasse) Episode summaryAfter a nineteen-month break in filming, teams gathered outside St. Gallen Cathedral in St. Gallen, Switzerland, to resume the race. Anthony & Spencer, Caro & Ray, Connie & Sam, and Taylor & Isaiah were unable to rejoin production, while Michael & Moe and Arun & Natalia, who had been originally eliminated before production was suspended, were brought back to rejoin the race.
At the start of this leg, teams had to search the Museumstrasse for one of three buses to the Schwägalp Pass, where they had to take a cable car to the summit of the Säntis in order to find their next clue.
 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to navigate a via ferrata to their next clue.
After the Roadblock, teams had to drive to Gasthaus Sonne in Urnäsch in order to find their next clue.
 This leg's Detour was a choice between Punch It or Toss It. In Punch It, teams had to attach ornaments to a Swiss belt in a specific order in order to receive their next clue. In Toss It, teams had to learn and correctly perform a Swiss flag throwing routine known as Fahnenschwingen in order to receive their next clue.
Teams had to check in at the Pit Stop: the Marktgasse in Altstätten.Additional note Michael & Moe and Arun & Natalia had to complete a Speed Bump after the Detour that involved one team member running inside a ball resembling a cabbage while being directed by their partner to knock down haystacks before they could continue racing. This task was unaired.

 Leg 5 (Switzerland) 
Episode 5: "Stairway to Hell" (January 26, 2022)
Prize: A trip for two to Dominica (awarded to Ryan & Dusty)LocationsAltstätten (Marktgasse) 
Tenero-Contra (Verzasca Dam) 
Lugano (Piazza Carlo Battaglini)
Lugano (Salita degli Angioli or Gabbani Salumeria) 
Lugano (Parco Ciani) Episode summaryAt the start of this leg, teams departed from Altstätten in groups 15 minutes apart based on the order of their arrival at the previous Pit Stop.
 This leg's Roadblock was a Switchback from season 14, where one team member had to perform a 722-foot (220 m) bungee jump off of the Verzasca Dam along with their Travelocity Roaming Gnome in order to receive a satchel with a miniature clue.
After the Roadblock, teams had to find their next clue at the Piazza Carlo Battaglini in Lugano.
 This leg's Detour was a choice between Bartender Race or Sausage Encase. In Bartender Race, teams had to deliver twelve bottles of wine and twelve bags of chestnuts from street vendors to a cocktail party atop the Salita degli Angioli stairway in order to receive their next clue. In Sausage Encase, teams had to squeeze out nine feet (2.7 m) of luganighetta sausage, and then divide it into four coiled portions in order to receive their next clue.
After the Detour, teams had to retrieve a photograph from their gnome's satchel and figure out that it depicted the Pit Stop: Parco Ciani.Additional noteThis was a non-elimination leg.

 Leg 6 (Switzerland → France) 
Episode 6: "Say Cheese" (February 2, 2022)
Prize: US$5,000 each (awarded to Kim & Penn)
Eliminated: Akbar & SheriLocations Milan, Italy → Bastia, France
Castello-di-Rostino (Ponte Novu) 
Corte (Belvédère de Corte)
Corte (Fromagerie Fermière Chez Jean Paul & Claire) 
Venaco (Verghellu Canyon Altipiani) 
 Giuncaggio (Cardiccia Dam → Camping Ernella) Episode summaryDuring the Pit Stop, teams were flown to Corsica and began the next leg at the Ponte Novu. Teams departed in groups 15 minutes apart based on the order of their arrival at the previous Pit Stop. Teams had to drive to Belvédère de Corte and find their next clue and a canister of goat milk, which they needed for the Detour.
 This leg's Detour was a choice between Say Cheese or Mule, Please. In Say Cheese, teams had to make three baskets of cheese and then deliver them to a storage cave in order to receive their next clue. In Mule, Please, teams had to properly strap a harness to a mule and then deliver two milk canisters to the fromagerie without spilling any of the milk in order to receive their next clue.
After the Detour, teams had to drive to Verghellu Canyon Altipiani in order to find their next clue.
 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to go canyoning through a 1.5-mile (2.4 km) river course in order to find their next clue.
After the Roadblock, teams had to inflate a kayak and then paddle up the Tavignano River to the Pit Stop at the Cardiccia Dam.

 Leg 7 (France) 
Episode 7: "Gently Down the Stream" (February 9, 2022)
Prize: A trip for two to Antalya, Turkey (awarded to Kim & Penn)LocationsGiuncaggio (Camping Ernella) 
Zonza (Tour de Fautea)
Pinarello (Pinarello Beach) 
Bonifacio (Port de Plaisance) 
Bonifacio (U Rastello)
Bonifacio (Bonifacio Cliffs) Episode summaryAt the start of this leg, teams were instructed to drive to the Tour de Fautea in Zonza, where both team members had to eat a piece of bread with casu marzu (cheese containing maggots) in order to receive their next clue. Teams departed in groups 15 minutes apart based on the order of their arrival at the previous Pit Stop.
 This leg's Detour was a choice between Row, Row, Row Your Boat or Gently Down the Stream. In Row, Row, Row Your Boat, teams had to paddle a transparent kayak into the Mediterranean Sea and retrieve ten matching metal fish in order to receive their next clue. In Gently Down the Stream, teams had to take a 15-minute cruise on a glass-bottom boat, look for ten metal fish, and then find a chart with the same sequence of fish at the dive shop in order to receive their next clue.
After the Detour, teams had to drive to Port de Plaisance in Bonifacio in order to find their next clue.
 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to repair the holes in a fishing net in order to receive their next clue.
After the Roadblock, teams had to search U Rastello for a Napoleon impersonator, who directed them to the Pit Stop at the Bonifacio Cliffs.Additional noteThis was a non-elimination leg.

 Leg 8 (France → Greece) 
Episode 8: "Souvlaki" (February 16, 2022)
Prize: US$7,500 each (awarded to Kim & Penn)
Eliminated: Lulu & LalaLocations Figari → Thessaloniki, Greece
Thermaikos (Peraia Beach) 
Nea Gonia (Konstantinos Olive Grove)
Nea Gonia (Marianna's Vineyard) 
Heraklea (Heraklea Beach – Mamo's Kantina Stand)
Heraklea (Saint George Church) 
Nea Kallikrateia (Nea Kallikrateia Pier) Episode summaryDuring the Pit Stop, teams were flown to Thessaloniki, Greece, and began the next leg at Peraia Beach. Teams departed in groups 15 minutes apart based on the order of their arrival at the previous Pit Stop. Teams had to drive to Konstantinos Olive Grove and search among the olive trees for their next clue directing them to Marianna's Vineyard.
 In this leg's first Roadblock, one team member had to properly make 60 dolmades in order to receive their next clue.
After the first Roadblock, teams had to drive to Mamo's Kantina Stand, order the dish of the day (souvlaki), spell its name, and then eat it before finding their next clue on the wrapper, which directed them to Saint George Church.
 In this leg's second Roadblock, the team member who did not perform the previous Roadblock had to listen to a 15-minute sermon from a Greek Orthodox priest, who listed facts about ten Eastern Orthodox saints. They were then asked five questions about what they'd heard and had to answer correctly in order to receive their next clue, which directed them to the Pit Stop at the Nea Kallikrateia Pier.

 Leg 9 (Greece) 
Episode 9: "Rock Bottom" (February 23, 2022)
Prize: A trip for two to Kauai, Hawaii (awarded to Raquel & Cayla)LocationsNea Kallikrateia (Nea Kallikrateia Pier) 
Thessaloniki (Theatro Dassous) 
Thessaloniki (Trigonion Tower)
Thessaloniki (Cafe Jasmine) 
Thessaloniki (White Tower) Episode summaryAt the start of this leg, teams were instructed to drive to the Theatro Dassous in Thessaloniki. Teams departed in groups 15 minutes apart based on the order of their arrival at the previous Pit Stop.
 In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to turn over stones until they found one of four gold coins that they could exchange with an Oracle of Delphi impersonator for their next clue.
After the Roadblock, teams had to listen to words of wisdom from a Socrates impersonator at the Trigonion Tower before receiving their next clue.
 This season's final Detour was a choice between Bring 'Em or Break 'Em. In Bring 'Em, teams would have had to deliver 300 plates uphill to the Cafe Jasmine in order to receive a miniature clue from the restaurant owner. In Break 'Em, team members had to alternate breaking plates while a band played until they found a miniature clue. All teams chose to break plates.
After the Detour, teams had to check in at the Pit Stop: the White Tower of Thessaloniki, where they were greeted with words of wisdom from a Diogenes the Cynic impersonator.Additional noteThis was a non-elimination leg.

 Leg 10 (Greece → Portugal) 
Episode 10: "No Room For Error" (March 2, 2022)
Prize: A trip for two to Saint Lucia (awarded to Raquel & Cayla)
Eliminated: Arun & NataliaLocations Thessaloniki → Lisbon, Portugal
Almada (Sanctuary of Christ the King) 
Setúbal (Fortaleza de São Filipe)
Setúbal (Fisherman's Wharf) 
Setúbal (Mercearia Confiança de Troino & Rua Vasco da Gama)
Cabo Espichel (Santuário de Cabo Espichel) 
Cabo Espichel (Farol de Cabo Espichel) Episode summaryDuring the Pit Stop, teams were flown to Lisbon, Portugal, and began the next leg at the Sanctuary of Christ the King. Teams were instructed to drive to the Fortaleza de São Filipe, where they had to climb to the top of the fort, search for an Amazing Race flag, and then drive to its location in order to find their next clue. Teams departed in groups 15 minutes apart based on the order of their arrival at the previous Pit Stop.
 In this leg's first Roadblock, one team member had to search among several rowboats named after famous Portuguese individuals until they found one of four named after a Portuguese explorer (Bartolomeu Dias, Fernão de Magalhães, Pedro Álvares Cabral, or Vasco da Gama). They then had to row it across the marina to a fisherman in order to receive their next clue.
After the first Roadblock, teams had to select a sardine can at the Mercearia Confiança de Troino, travel on foot to Rua Vasco da Gama, and then paint its design on a specified door in order to receive their next clue, which directed them to Santuário de Cabo Espichel.
 In this season's final Roadblock, the team member who did not perform the previous Roadblock had to count the church's columns while standing within a stone boundary and give the correct number to a monk, who then directed them to the Pit Stop: the Farol de Cabo Espichel.

 Leg 11 (Portugal → United States) 
Episode 11: "In the Hands of the Amazing Race Gods" (March 2, 2022)
Prize: US$1,000,000
Winners: Kim & Penn
Runners-up: Raquel & Cayla
Third place: Ryan & DustyLocations Lisbon → Los Angeles, California
Los Angeles (Westin Bonaventure Hotel) 
Los Angeles (El Pueblo de Los Ángeles Historical Monument)
Los Angeles (6465 Sunset Boulevard – S.I.R. Hollywood)
Carson (Dignity Health Sports Park – Tennis Stadium)
Carson (Dignity Health Sports Park – Soccer Stadium) Episode summaryDuring the Pit Stop, teams were flown to Los Angeles, California, and began the final leg simultaneously on the roof of the Westin Bonaventure Hotel. There, teams had to find a clue box atop three of the hotel's four towers and spot the combination "going up and down" on an elevator that they needed to unlock their next clue.
At the El Pueblo de Los Ángeles Historical Monument, one team member had to direct their partner, who was blindfolded with a luchador mask, to hit three specific piñatas that held the three parts of their next clue. When assembled, their clue directed them to S.I.R. Hollywood, where teams had to use props to add sound effects in sync to five silent video clips from previous seasons in order to receive their next clue.
Teams were next instructed to find the home of the LA Galaxy: Dignity Health Sports Park. There, teams had to answer thirteen riddles by placing the correct tennis rackets with images of people, places, and items that they'd encountered since Leg 4 onto the riddles before a chair umpire directed them to the finish line at the nearby soccer stadium.Additional noteLegs 10 and 11 aired back-to-back as a special two-hour episode.

 Reception 

 Critical response 
The Amazing Race 33 received mixed-to-positive reviews. Andy Dehnart of reality blurred wrote that "The Amazing Race 33 was a great season overall. Even with some very thin legs, it felt to me like a throwback to earlier seasons, especially with the post-restart season not having any U-Turns or Yields." Sage Negron of Comic Book Resources wrote that "Season 33 ended up being one of the show's stronger outings." Sandy Casanova of Hidden Remote called it "another amazing season". Dustin Rowles of Pajiba called it "a strange and almost surreal season of The Amazing Race." Denton Davidson of Gold Derby wrote that he "loved most of the cast, but the pandemic and changes it caused this race really hurt the season overall." Daniel Fienberg of The Hollywood Reporter wrote that the season was "generally muted and limited challenge-wise" due to the pandemic.

 Ratings 
U.S. Nielsen ratingsCanadian ratingsCanadian broadcaster CTV also aired The Amazing Race on Wednesdays. Canadian DVR ratings are included in Numeris's count.

Episode 7, "Gently Down the Stream", aired during the opening week of the 2022 Winter Olympics.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Mary Oxlie
Mary Oxlie or Oxley (fl. 1616) was a 17th-century Scottish or Northumbrian poet, known for one surviving published composition, a "literary eulogy or friendship poem".

 Life and work 
Mary Oxlie of Morpeth is credited as the author of a commendatory poem of fifty-two lines, "To William Drummond of Hawthornden," which prefaced Edward Phillips' 1656 edition of Drummond's poems. Phillips was Drummond's brother-in-law.In 1675, in a section of his Theatrum poetarum called "Women among the moderns eminent for poetry," Phillips describes "Mary Morpeth" as a "Scotch Poetess" who wrote "many other things in Poetry" (p. 259) apart from the dedication, though none of these other poems are now known. The 1656 ascription identifies her as Northumbrian. The original date of the poem is conjectural, though from internal evidence it would seem to have been 1616.She, along with other women such as Anna Hume, may have been part of the Hawthornden literary circle or coterie: Phillips terms her "a friend of the Poet Drummond" (p. 259).She may have also been the author of two occasional poems published as broadsides and signed "M.M.", though the source texts have been lost.

 "To William Drummond of Hawthornden" 
Oxlie's dedicatory poem opens with formulaic humility:

I Never rested on the Muses bed,
Nor dipt my Quill in the Thessalian Fountaine,
My rustick Muse was rudely fostered,
And flies too low to reach the double mountaine. (1-4)

The second verse clarifies that this "rusticity" is due in large part to the particular situation of the woman writer:

Perfection in a Woman's worke is rare
From an untroubled mind should Verses flow;
My discontents makes mine too muddy show;
And hoarse encumbrances of household care
Where these remaine, the muses ne're repaire. (6-10)

   
Despite these caveats, the poem itself is generally agreed to be an accomplished pastoral that offers insight into the coterie culture of the period. The poem praises Drummond's skill as writer of flattering verse addressed to women but reserves greater adulation for his evocation of sorrow at the death of the "peerless prince" Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales. Drummond, she wrote, might extinguish the sun's glorious taper and bring showers of rain.

But when thy Muse dissolv'd in show'rs,
Wailes that peerlesse Prince of ours,
Cropt by too untimely Fate,
Her mourning doth exasperate
Senselesse things to see thee moane,
Stones do weep, and Trees do groane,
Birds in aire, Fishes in flood,
Beasts in field forsake their food;
The Nymphs forgoing all their Bowers
Teare their Chaplets deckt with Flowers;
Sol himselfe with misty vapour
Hides from earth his glorious Taper,
And as mov'd to heare thee plaine
Shews his griefe in show'rs of raine. (39-52) 
Oxlie's poem was anthologized in 1921 by J. C. Squire in A Book of Women’s Verse and more recently by Germaine Greer in 101 Poems by 101 Women (2001) and Jane Davidson and Peter Stevenson in Early Modern Women Poets (2001).

 Etexts 
Oxlie, Mary, of Morpet. "To William Drummond of Hawthornden". Poems, by that most famous wit, William Drummond of Hawthornden. London, 1656, pp. xix-xx. (Google Books)
Oxlie, Mary. "To William Drummond of Hawthornden".The Poems of William Drummond of Hawthornden. Edinburgh, 1832, pp. xiii-iv. (Internet Archive)

 Notes 

 References 
Brown, Susan, Patricia Clements, and Isobel Grundy, eds. "Mary Oxlie." Orlando: Women’s Writing in the British Isles from the Beginnings to the Present. Cambridge University Press. Cambridge UP, n.d. 22 Mar. 2013. Accessed 8 Jan. 2024.
Davidson, Jane, Peter Stevenson, et al., eds. "Mary Oxlie (fl. 1656)". Early Modern Women Poets (1520-1700): An Anthology (Oxford, 2001; online edn, Oxford Academic, 31 Oct. 2023), https://doi.org/10.1093/oso/9780198184263.003.0064, accessed 7 Jan. 2024.
Dunnigan, S. M. "Oxlie, Mary (fl. 1616)." Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Ed. H. C. G. Matthew and Brian Harrison. Oxford: OUP, 2004. 20 Jan. 2007.
Greer, Germaine, et al., eds. "Mary Oxlie of Morpeth." Kissing the Rod: an anthology of seventeenth-century women's verse. Farrar Straus Giroux, 1988. 79–82.
Oxlie, Mary. "To William Drummond of Hawthornden." Poems by that most famous wit William Drummond of Hawthornden. Ed. Edward Phillips. London, 1656.
The Orlando Project: A History of Women's Writing in the British Isles

Marika Kobashi
Marika Kobashi (小橋マリカ, Kobashi Marika) is a Japanese professional wrestler best known for her time in Japanese promotion Tokyo Joshi Pro Wrestling where she is a former Princess Tag Team Champion.

 Professional wrestling career 

 Tokyo Joshi Pro Wrestling (2016–2022) 
Kobashi made her professional wrestling debut at Tokyo Joshi Pro Wrestling's TJPW Tokyo Joshi Pro '16 on January 4, 2016, where she teamed up with Rika Tatsumi and defeated Azusa Takigawa and Erin in a tag team match. At Yes! Wonderland: Break Myself! on May 3, 2018, Kobashi won her first championship of the career, the Princess Tag Team Championship by teaming up with Reika Saiki as "Muscle JK Strikers" and defeating Neo Biishiki-gun (Azusa Christie and Sakisama). At Pinano Pipipipi Graduation Special on April 5, 2019, Kobashi competed in a 20-woman gauntlet battle royal also involving notable opponents such as Himawari Unagi, Mina Shirakawa and Natsumi Maki others.At TJPW Additional Attack on June 17, 2021, Kobashi unsuccessfully challenged Hikari Noa for the International Princess Championship.

 DDT Pro Wrestling (2016–2021) 
Due to DDT and TJPW being in partnership, Kobashi wrestled in various events promoted by them. One of them is DDT Judgement. She made her first appearance at Judgement 2016: DDT 19th Anniversary on March 21 where she competed in a 13-woman battle royal also involving Ai Shimizu, Shoko Nakajima, Yuu and others. As for the DDT Peter Pan branch of events, Kobashi scored her first match at Ryōgoku Peter Pan 2017 on August 20 where she competed in a Rumble rules match for the Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship also involving Mizuki, Yuna Manase, Yuka Sakazaki and others.At CyberFight Festival 2021, a cross-over event between DDT, TJPW and pro Wrestling Noah mainly promoted by CyberFight on June 6, Kobashi teamed up with Maki Itoh and Yuki Kamifuku as "Saitama Itoh Respect Army 2021" and picked up a victory over Hikari Noa, Mizuki and Yuki Arai by submission in a Six-woman tag team match.

 World Wonder Ring Stardom (2023) 
Kobashi is scheduled to make her first appearance in World Wonder Ring Stardom on January 20, 2023, at Stardom New Blood 7, where she will compete against Lady C and Ruaka in a three-way match.

 Championships and accomplishments 
DDT Pro-Wrestling
Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship (1 time)
Tokyo Joshi Pro Wrestling
Tokyo Princess Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Reika Saiki

 References 

Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission
Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, 584 U.S. ___ (2018), was a case in the Supreme Court of the United States that dealt with whether owners of public accommodations can refuse certain services based on the First Amendment claims of free speech and free exercise of religion, and therefore be granted an exemption from laws ensuring non-discrimination in public accommodations—in particular, by refusing to provide creative services, such as making a custom wedding cake for the marriage of a gay couple, on the basis of the owner's religious beliefs.
The case dealt with Masterpiece Cakeshop, a bakery in Lakewood, Colorado, which refused to design a custom wedding cake for a gay couple based on the owner's religious beliefs.  The Colorado Civil Rights Commission evaluated the case under the state's anti-discrimination law, the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act. The commission found that the bakery had discriminated against the couple and issued specific orders for the bakery. Following appeals within the state, the Commission's decision against the bakery was affirmed, so the bakery took the case to the U.S. Supreme Court.
In a 7–2 decision, the Court ruled that the Commission did not employ religious neutrality, violating Masterpiece owner Jack Phillips's rights to free exercise, and reversed the Commission's decision. The Court did not rule on the broader intersection of anti-discrimination laws, free exercise of religion, and freedom of speech, due to the complications of the Commission's lack of religious neutrality.

 Procedural history 

 Facts of the case 
In 2012, same-sex couple Charlie Craig and David Mullins from Colorado made plans to be lawfully married in Massachusetts and return to Colorado to celebrate with their family and friends. At that time the state constitution prohibited same-sex marriage in Colorado, though by 2014 the state had allowed same-sex marriages, and the Supreme Court of the United States would affirm that gay couples have the fundamental right to marry in Obergefell v. Hodges 576 U.S. 644 (2015).Craig and Mullins visited Masterpiece Cakeshop in Lakewood, Colorado, in July 2012 to order a wedding cake for their return celebration. Masterpiece's owner Jack Phillips, who is a Christian, declined their cake request, informing the couple that he did not create wedding cakes for marriages of gay couples owing to his Christian religious beliefs, although the couple could purchase other baked goods in the store. Craig and Mullins promptly left Masterpiece without discussing with Phillips any of the details of their wedding cake.: 2  The following day, Craig's mother, Deborah Munn, called Phillips, who advised her that Masterpiece did not make wedding cakes for the weddings of gay couples: 2  because of his religious beliefs and because Colorado did not recognize same-sex marriage at the time.: 1–2 

 Colorado Civil Rights Commission 
While another bakery provided a cake to the couple, Craig and Mullins filed a complaint to the Colorado Civil Rights Commission under the state's public accommodations law, the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act, which prohibits businesses open to the public from discriminating against their customers on the basis of race, religion, gender, or sexual orientation. Colorado is one of twenty-one U.S. states that include sexual orientation as a protected class in their anti-discrimination laws. Craig and Mullins's complaint resulted in a lawsuit, Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop. The case was decided in favor of the plaintiffs; the cake shop was ordered not only to provide cakes to same-sex marriages, but to "change its company policies, provide 'comprehensive staff training' regarding public accommodations discrimination, and provide quarterly reports for the next two years regarding steps it has taken to come into compliance and whether it has turned away any prospective customers".

 Colorado Court of Appeals 
Masterpiece appealed the decision to the Court of Appeals with the aid of Alliance Defending Freedom, and refused to comply with the state's orders, instead opting to remove themselves from the wedding cake business; Phillips claimed that this decision cost him 40% of his business. Alongside the Colorado Civil Rights Commission, the American Civil Liberties Union represented Craig and Mullins during the appeals. The state's decision was upheld on the grounds that despite the nature of creating a custom cake, the act of making the cake was part of the expected conduct of Phillips's business, and not an expression of free speech nor free exercise of religion. The court distinguished its decision in Craig from another case, brought to the Commission by William Jack, in which three bakeries refused to create a cake for William Jack with the message "Homosexuality is a detestable sin. Leviticus 18:22",: 21  citing that in the latter, the bakeries had made other cakes for Christian customers and declined that order based on the offensive message rather than the customers' creed, whereas Masterpiece Cakeshop's refusal to provide Craig and Mullins with a wedding cake "was because of its opposition to same sex marriage which...is tantamount to discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation".: 21 The Supreme Court of Colorado declined to hear an appeal.: 3 

 Before the Supreme Court 

 Petition for writ of certiorari 
Masterpiece Cakeshop petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court for certiorari (review), under the case name Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd. v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, of the following question:
Whether applying Colorado's public accommodations law to compel Phillips to create expression that violates his sincerely held religious beliefs about marriage violates the Free Speech or Free Exercise Clauses of the First Amendment.
Both the Colorado Civil Rights Commission and the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) urged the Supreme Court to reject the appeal, fearing that a Court decision in favor of the business would create a "gaping hole" in civil rights laws on the basis of religion. The final briefs at the certiorari stage were received in December 2016. The Court agreed to hear the case in the 2017 term and oral arguments were heard on December 5, 2017.In further filings, Masterpiece requested that the Colorado anti-discrimination law be reviewed by the Supreme Court under strict scrutiny. It further identified that while the state's law is to assure that same-sex couples had access to the same services as heterosexual couples, the law goes too far in its enforcement, since Craig and Mullins were easily able to obtain a wedding cake from a different vendor in the state. Masterpiece further believed the anti-discrimination law can be used to selectively discriminate against religion, as the Commission has allowed bakers to refuse to provide cakes with anti-same-sex marriage messages on them, even though the Commission said these refusals were appropriate due to the offensiveness of the messages and not on the basis of religion. The State and the ACLU countered these points, stating the law was aimed only at conduct of a business, not their speech, and in cases like a wedding cake, "[no] reasonable observer would understand the Company's provision of a cake to a gay couple as an expression of its approval of the customer's marriage". They further argued that the cakeshop could provide catchall language to explain that any services they provide do not endorse any expressions of free speech associated with it, an allowance within the anti-discrimination law.

 Amicus briefs 
Around 100 legal briefs were filed by third parties, roughly equally split in supporting either side of the case. Many civil rights organizations filed briefs in support of Craig and Mullins, including the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, Southern Poverty Law Center, the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs, and the Civil Rights Forum, a group of plaintiff-side civil rights attorneys. The National Women's Law Center argued in its amicus brief that just as the Court compared the effects of race and sexual discrimination in Roberts v. U.S. Jaycees, it should compare those harms to those created by sexual-orientation discrimination in this case.Many rights-based organizations also filed briefs in support of Phillips, including the Cato Institute, the Reason Foundation, and the Individual Rights Foundation. Additionally, the United States Department of Justice under the Trump administration also supported Phillips. While the Department asserts that anti-discrimination laws are necessary to prevent businesses that provide goods and services from discriminating, these laws cannot be used to compel a business into expressing speech they do not agree with, nor used to provide goods and services with such expressions without the ability for the business to assert they do not agree with those expressions. The brief was criticized by several organizations, including those that support LGBT rights, claiming the brief as a pattern of hostile actions by the Trump administration and fearing that a decision in favor of Masterpiece would enable such businesses to have a "license to discriminate".

 Oral arguments 

Oral arguments for the plaintiffs were provided by Kristen Waggoner for the Alliance Defending Freedom, representing Phillips, and the Solicitor General of the United States Noel Francisco, presenting the federal government's case as amicus curiae in support of Masterpiece Cakeshop. The defendants' arguments were given by Colorado Solicitor General Frederick Yarger, on behalf of the Colorado Civil Rights Commission, and David D. Cole of the ACLU, on behalf of Craig and Mullins. Questions asked by the Justices attempted to determine where the bounds of a cake baker's rights and the rights of those soliciting his services would extend by considering several hypothetical situations involving the making of and selling custom cakes, including situations related to racial and gender-preference discrimination.Experts believed the Supreme Court's opinions in the case would be divided, with the ultimate decision falling on the opinion of Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has historically been a swing vote in his term. In his past case history, he has been a strong supporter of gay rights (having authored all of the landmark gay rights rulings by the Supreme Court: Romer v. Evans in 1996, Lawrence v. Texas in 2003, United States v. Windsor in 2013, and Obergefell v. Hodges in 2015), and a corporation's freedom of speech in his majority opinion for Citizens United v. FEC 558 U.S. 310 (2010), and freedom of religion through his concurrence with the majority in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. 573 U.S. ___ (2014).

 Opinion of the Court 

 Majority opinion 
The Court issued its ruling on June 4, 2018, ordering a reversal of the decision made by the Colorado Civil Rights Commission. The majority opinion was written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, and joined by Chief Justice John Roberts, and Justices  Samuel Alito, Stephen Breyer, Elena Kagan and Neil Gorsuch. The opinion stated that although a baker, in his capacity as the owner of a business serving the public, "might have his right to the free exercise of his religion limited by generally applicable laws", nevertheless, a State decision in an adjudication "in which religious hostility on the part of the State itself" is a factor violates the "State's obligation of religious neutrality" under the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the Constitution. Kennedy's opinion stated that the Commission's review of Phillips's case exhibited hostility towards his religious views. The Commission compared Phillips's religious beliefs to defense of slavery or the Holocaust. Kennedy found such comparisons "inappropriate for a Commission charged with the solemn responsibility of fair and neutral enforcement of Colorado’s anti-discrimination law". Kennedy's opinion also cited the three exemptions the commission previously granted for the non-discrimination law arising from the William Jack complaints. The opinion also noted differences in handling previous exemptions as indicative of Commission hostility towards religious belief, rather than maintaining neutrality. Kennedy's opinion noted that he may have been inclined to rule in favor of the Commission if they had remained religiously neutral in their evaluation.

 Concurring opinions 
Justice Kagan wrote a concurring opinion, joined by Breyer, taking particular notice of the narrow grounds of the ruling. Justice Gorsuch also wrote a concurring opinion, joined by Alito. Both Kagan's and Gorsuch's concurrences considered how the Commission handled Masterpiece differently than prior exemption requests. Both agreed that the Commission exhibited hostility towards Phillips's religious beliefs and concurred with the reversal. Kagan cited as significant differences between prior Commission exemptions and the instant case. She posited the Commission could have ruled differently in the two situations if they had stayed religiously neutral. Gorsuch indicated the Commission should maintain consistency among similar cases.Justice Clarence Thomas wrote another opinion, concurring in part and concurring in judgment, joined by Gorsuch. Thomas found that the majority opinion did not consider the free speech, free exercise or the anti-discrimination implications of the case, despite significant attention during oral arguments. Thomas opined support for Masterpiece, both on grounds of free speech and free exercise.

 Dissenting opinions 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote the dissenting opinion, joined by Justice Sonia Sotomayor. Ginsburg believed that the Commission acted fairly in evaluating the case, saying "what critically differentiates them is the role the customer's 'statutorily protected trait' played in the denial of service".

 Analysis 
The Court avoided ruling broadly on the intersection of anti-discrimination laws and rights to free exercise. Instead the court addressed both sides. State actors like the Colorado Civil Rights Commission on the one hand must ensure neutral and respectful consideration of claims for religious exemptions from anti-discrimination laws which are made by people who exercise their First Amendment right to free exercise of religion. However, this exemption won't apply broadly in the future because future disputes like the one in Masterpiece "must be resolved with tolerance, without undue disrespect to sincere religious beliefs, and without subjecting gay persons to indignities when they seek goods and services in an open market". The Supreme Court also specifically made it clear, on the other hand, that gay Americans are also entitled to strong defense rights. Justice Kennedy wrote: "[t]he First Amendment ensures that religious organizations and persons are given proper protection as they seek to teach the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their lives and faiths. Nevertheless, while those religious and philosophical objections are protected, it is a general rule that such objections do not allow business owners and other actors in the economy and in society to deny protected persons equal access to goods and services under a neutral and generally applicable public accommodations law."Kennedy's decision specifically noted the hostility towards Phillips made by the Commission as their reason to reverse the ruling, but because of the existence of this hostility in the current case, they could not rule on the broader issue regarding anti-discrimination law and the free exercise of religion. Kennedy stated that "[t]he outcome of cases like this in other circumstances must await further elaboration in the courts, all in the context of recognizing that these disputes must be resolved with tolerance, without undue disrespect to sincere religious beliefs, and without subjecting gay persons to indignities when they seek goods and services in an open market". Kennedy's decision affirmed that there remains protection of same-sex couples and gay rights which states can still enforce through anti-discrimination laws, a point also agreed to by Ginsburg's dissent. The general constitutionality of anti-discrimination laws to prevent discrimination against sexual orientation affirmed by the Masterpiece decision was reflected in lower courts that same week, in a case decided by the Arizona Court of Appeals, Brush & Nib Studio v. Phoenix, which upheld the city of Phoenix's anti-discrimination ordinance that included sexual orientation. The Court of Appeals extensively quoted Masterpiece in affirming the Arizona Superior Court's prior decision.The Alliance Defending Freedom, which represented Masterpiece, supported the Court's decision in finding that condemned the Commission's review of Phillips's case, stating that "Tolerance and respect for good-faith differences of opinion are essential in a society like ours". The American Civil Liberties Union welcomed the part of the decision affirming protection of gay rights, stating that the Court "reaffirmed its longstanding rule that states can prevent the harms of discrimination in the marketplace, including against L.G.B.T. people". The decision was also welcomed by the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund. Sherrilyn Ifill, LDF's President and Director-Counsel, stated: "The narrow ruling [...] is based on the universal principle that constitutional claims must be heard in every instance before a neutral tribunal. More important was the affirmation of eight Justices that discrimination in public accommodations enjoys no First Amendment protection. This principle has long been an essential piece of the civil rights movement and established anti-discrimination law. This is particularly important today, in 2018, when people of color are still experiencing persistent and widespread discrimination while they shop, eat, or access other public spaces."Another predominate case involving anti-discrimination laws and religious freedom that was in the court system during Masterpiece was the Arlene's Flowers lawsuit in Washington, with the issue over flower arrangements being provided for a same-sex wedding. Prior to the decision in Masterpiece, a petition for writ of certiorari had been issued to the Supreme Court. Following the decision of Masterpiece, the flower shop owner used that decision to assert that they were shown similar religious hostility, and requested their case to be reheard. On June 25, 2018, the Supreme Court dismissed the pending petition, and ordered that lower courts review the flower shop's case in a similar light as Masterpiece. On review at the Washington State Supreme Court, the court ruled against Arlene's Flowers in June 2019 that there was no evidence of religious animus. Similarly, a case from Oregon, Klein v. Oregon Bureau of Labor and Industries, had reached the Oregon Supreme Court before the Supreme Court heard Masterpiece. The Oregon Supreme Court declined to overturn an anti-discrimination ruling made against a bakery by the Oregon Court of Appeals, with the baker petitioning the federal Supreme Court to hear the case. In June 2019, the Supreme Court granted certiorari, and in a summary judgement, vacated the Appeals Court ruling and required the case be heard again in light of the decision on Masterpiece.
Masterpiece's basis of evaluating statements of public officials to determine if there was religious hostility in evaluating cases arose in Justice Sotomayor's dissent in Trump v. Hawaii, 585 U.S. ___ (2018), which dealt with President Trump's travel ban against several nations which had a high Muslim population. While the majority ruled that the ban was within the President's powers and sent the case back to lower courts to rule on other matters, Sotomayor believed that the decision of Masterpiece should have been used to judge President Trump and his administration's statements that she believed showed hostility towards Muslims and would have not justified the ban.

 Subsequent events 

 Scardina 
Masterpiece Cakeshop became involved in a similar case in 2018. In June 2017, on the same day the Supreme Court agreed to hear Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, the bakery had refused to bake a birthday cake with a pink interior and blue exterior for Autumn Scardina, a transgender woman and Colorado lawyer. Phillips stated later that he had refused based on his Christian beliefs that a person does not get to choose their gender. Scardina stated that she had placed her order at Masterpiece Cakeshop with the intent to "challenge the veracity" of Phillips's assertions that he would serve LGBT customers under circumstances other than those of the earlier case.Scardina complained to the Colorado Division of Civil Rights, which found in June 2018 sufficient evidence that the bakery discriminated against her transgender status, and ordered the parties into compulsory mediation. In August 2018, Phillips sued the state, seeking a permanent injunction against enforcement of the relevant anti-discrimination law against him. He also sought punitive damages. Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper, named as a defendant in the suit, expected the Supreme Court to revisit its decision from Masterpiece, as the previous ruling "did not address the basic issue" of religious freedom. In January 2019, when Hickenlooper was no longer governor, a federal judge removed him from the suit.In March 2019, the suit and countersuit between Phillips and the state were dropped. The state argued that, although the core issue (the intersection of nondiscrimination and religious freedom) remained unresolved, the existing case was not the proper vehicle to answer those questions. The agreement allowed Scardina, should she want, to pursue her own civil action against Masterpiece.In June 2019, Scardina, represented by attorneys Paula Greisen and John McHugh, brought civil suit against Phillips in federal district court on the perceived discrimination. In April 2020, beyond the appeal deadline, Scardina brought a second lawsuit against Phillips in a different court, seeking more than $100,000 in damages, fines, and attorney's fees. On June 15, 2021, Denver District Judge A. Bruce Jones ruled that Phillips had violated Colorado's anti-discrimination law by refusing to bake a cake for Scardina and fined him $500. The Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF), the group representing Phillips, said it would appeal.In October 2022, the Colorado Court of Appeals heard the case. On January 26, 2023, the court ruled that a pink-and-blue cake was not a protected form of speech and that the state nondiscrimination law did not violate the baker's freedom of religion.

 303 Creative LLC v. Elenis 
The Supreme Court granted certiorari to 303 Creative LLC v. Elenis in February 2022, which again dealt with Colorado's anti-discrimination laws as they apply to public businesses. The case concerned a Christian web designer who sought to make wedding announcement websites for heterosexual couples only. She feared punishment under Colorado's anti-discrimination law and thus aimed to block the law as a violation of her First Amendment rights.On June 30, 2023, SCOTUS ruled in her favor, stating that Colorado's anti-discrimination law cannot compel a website designer to create products that include speech they disagree with.

 See also 
Lee v Ashers Baking Company Ltd and others, a similar case from the UK
List of United States Supreme Court cases by the Roberts Court
2017 term opinions of the Supreme Court of the United States

 References 

 Further reading 
Thomas C. Berg, Masterpiece Cakeshop: A Romer for Religious Objectors?, 2017–2018 Cato Sup. Ct. Rev. 139 (2018).
Karlan, Pamela S. (May 1, 2019). "Just Desserts?: Public Accommodations, Religious Accommodations, Racial Equality, and Gay Rights". Supreme Court Review. 2018: 145–177. doi:10.1086/702248. ISSN 0081-9557. S2CID 201399045.
Leslie Kendrick & Michah Schwartzman, The Supreme Court, 2017 Term — Comment: The Etiquette of Animus, 132 Harv. L. Rev. 133 (2018).
Laycock, Douglas (2017). "The Wedding-Vendor Cases" (PDF). Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy. 41 (1): 49–66. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 6, 2018. Retrieved June 5, 2018.
Murray, Melissa (May 1, 2019). "Inverting Animus: Masterpiece Cakeshop and the New Minorities". Supreme Court Review. 2018: 257–297. doi:10.1086/703043. ISSN 0081-9557. S2CID 201384747.
Tebbe, Nelson (2017). Religious Freedom in an Egalitarian Age. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ISBN 978 0 674 97143 1

 External links 

Text of Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, 584 U.S. ___ (2018) is available from: Justia  Oyez (oral argument audio)  Supreme Court (slip opinion) 
Case page at SCOTUSblog

Marudi
Marudi is a town in the Malaysian state of Sarawak, and is a part of the division of Miri. It is the seat of Marudi District, and is located on the banks of Baram River, about 100 kilometres (62 mi) upstream from the river mouth. Marudi was the administrative centre of the northern region of Sarawak before Miri was established in 1910. Marudi is considered as the cultural heart of the Orang Ulu, the highland tribes of Sarawak. It is also a transit gateway to Kelabit Highlands and Gunung Mulu National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

 History 
Up until 1882, the Baram area was ruled by the Sultan of Brunei. By that time, the Sultan was having a lot of trouble keeping these vicious tribes in the Baram region under control with their ongoing feuds and bloodletting. Towards the end of the 1800s, the conflicts and the growth of tribal territories had gotten dangerously near to his capital, endangering his personal safety. In this about 10,000 square miles (26,000 km2) domain, the Sultan's power had never previously been used. The Malays never traveled into the interior of Baram out of dread of the Kayan tribe's fury.Since of this, the Sultan was willing to give up control of the region when Rajah Brooke extended his rule into the higher regions of Baram in exchange for a one-time payment of six thousand dollars annually, which the Foreign Office in England approved since they thought it was a reasonable price for the transfer. By 1883, the Sultan of Brunei (Abdul Momin) ceded the Baram region (including Miri) to Charles Brooke.
The fourth division of Sarawak was immediately created with the installation of Mamerto George Gueritz as the first Resident of the Division. A fort was built in at Marudi, 43 km to the east of Miri. The area was then named Claudetown in honour of Claude Champion de Crespigny, Resident of the Third Division when he died in 1884, and it became the administrative centre of the division. The administration was helped by two junior officers, 30 rangers, and a few native police.Charles Hose became Resident of Baram District in 1891 and the fort in Marudi was renamed Fort Hose. As a result of his concerns about his people' savage practices, Charles Brooke resolved to put a stop to the headhunting and blood feuds permanently. He organised a competition amongst all the tribes and started cockfighting among them, but the losing tribes didn't take it well, and further fighting broke out. Going back to the planning it, Resident Charles Hose chose to use Marudi as the venue for a regatta.In 1895 and 1896, the Brooke administration organised an expedition to Usun Apau Plieran to punish the Kenyah people (including the Badeng people, a sub-tribe of Kenyahs) living there, who were alleged to have been responsible for the deaths of a Malay, a Chinese trader, and several Iban people. In October 1896, Saba Irang, the headman of the Badeng people, came to Claudetown to seek refuge and make peace with the Brooke administration. Hose decided to organise a peace conference at his fort in April 1899 to “encourage the Madang (Badeng) to be loyal subjects and to ensure a friendly recognition by them by the Baram people". The conference was attended by 6,000 people. This peace conference also led to creation of the Baram Regatta, a long boat race competition among the natives that continues to be held in the present day.

 Administration 
The town is the administrative centre of Marudi District, a district in the Miri Division of Sarawak, governed by Marudi District Council, which encompasses the districts of Marudi and Mulu, and small portions of the districts are under Miri City Council such as Ba'kelalan.

 Transportation 

 Land 
It was officially announced on 13 October 2017, that the 43.2 kilometres (26.8 mi) road project that connects Miri with Marudi is far ahead of its initial 30-month timeline for completion. The road upgrade was supposed to be 12.53% finished by 25 September, however it is already 30.80% finished, or 18.27% ahead of schedule. The road link's poor state and increasing significance prompted the public to express great interest in its improvement, which started on 15 September 2016. The roads that connect Miri and Marudi passes through plantations, and occasionally have just one lane. The RM75 million Marudi bridge is anticipated to be finished by the end of 2024.

 Air 
Marudi is served by Marudi Airport (MUR) which is in the town. De Havilland Canada DHC-6s of MASwings fly to Miri up to nine times daily and serve Bario, Long Banga, Long Lellang, Long Akah and Long Seridan. The airport is a 10-minute (1 km) walk east from the centre. The airport and town center are only a short distance apart, a well-constructed pedestrian walkway runs beside the major route into town.

 Water 
According to SRB statistics, 66,174 passengers passed through the Marudi express boat passenger terminals in total in 2013. However, five years later, in 2018, there were just 3,171 passengers documented, and in 2021, there were none at all. In March 2021, the final express boat service was discontinued. Express boat services were reinstated in 2022 for Marudi and Sungai Tutoh, Baram, to give the locals there more transportation alternatives.In 2023, the crocodile population in Marudi enjoys intimidating and terrifying its human neighbors, particularly those who reside in riverfront settlements, given the decreased number of boats that travel the Baram River. Residents depend on these watercraft to get around when they resided in Baram. Back then, the river had once been packed with express vessels, sampans, and various other water vessels, and how it is now much quieter, which may be the reason why more crocodiles have been observed within villages, especially longhouses.

 Geography 

 Climate 
Marudi has a tropical rainforest climate with heavy to very heavy rainfall year-round.

 Infrastructure 
The majority of the structures in Marudi's grid-planned town center are multi-story shophouses. This is a typical example of urban planning in Malaysia prior to the emphasis moving to more dispersed suburban projects. The town has its own fire station.

 Education 
The Chung Hua School was initially founded in 1926, originally within the temple's grounds. In 1926, the primary school welcomed its first students. With only fifteen students, the first headmaster was Goh Jing Chew, and the sessions were initially held in the rear of the tealple. The first wooden building atop a hill was finished in 1936. The wooden structure was destroyed in 1973 due to damage, and a new structure was built in its place. Sim Kheng Hong graced the inauguration ceremony on 4 November 1973.

 Places of interest 
Fort Hose, a wooden fort built during the Brooke administration, is situated near the town center and directly off the road that leads from the airstrip to the town center. The fort's construction was finished in 1901, and it stood until a fire destroyed it in 1994. The building that is seen now is a renovated model that debuted in 1997. Charles Hose is honoured by the fort's name. Today, the Baram District Museum is located within the fort. The location overlooks the Baram River.Marudi Tua Pek Kong is situated within Marudi's commercial center. The temple has weathered three big fire catastrophes in the town's history without any damage. Back then, Chinese businessmen arrived in Southeast Asia to do business, they erected a temple dedicated to Tua Pek Kong. This would be their regular meeting spot going forward. The Baram River is just next to the temple. The lone Chinese temple in Marudi was constructed in 1891. Though relatively tiny in comparison to other Chinese temples in the area, the temple remains an essential component of the town.The Marudi Market is one among the sites along Jalan Kampung Cina. In the morning, the market is generally bustling with activity. The ground floor is home to the neighborhood market. On the first level, there is a food court as well. The majority of the shops provide a variety of rice and noodle meals, coffee, and tea.According to Datu Dr. Penguang Manggil, the Marudi Waterfront expansion project and the first stage of a planned three-star hotel should be finished by 2025. The Sarawak Economic Development Corporation (SEDC) will construct an RM35 million, 90-room hotel on the site of the former Marudi Rest House. The present waterfront, which was overflowing at the most recent Baram Regatta 2023, will be gradually extended to 1.5 km, making it one of the longest in the state. The esplanade expansion and slope protection would cost around RM35 million each, according to the Department of Irrigation and Drainage.

 Baram Ragatta 
When Charles Brooke selected Marudi as the administrative hub for Sarawak's northern district after racial unrest in Baram, the town was then known as Claude Town. The locals enthusiastically embraced the offer made by the then-resident, Charles Hose, to hold a boat race between all the rival races in order to put an end to the carnage. In 1899, the Baram Regatta was initiated as a means of promoting peace among the many tribes. The event drew in over 6,000 participants from Baram, including Ibans, Kenyahs, Kayans, Narums, Melanaus, Malays, and Madangs. Since that point, the regatta has grown to be a yearly occasion that attracts visitors of all ethnicities from Baram and other places.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

 External links 

2022 Tanjong Pagar United FC season
The 2022 season was Tanjong Pagar United FC's 17th season at the top level of Singapore football. The club also competed in the Singapore Cup, going out in the group stage.

 Squad 

 Singapore Premier League 
As of 10 Jan 2022

 U21 Squad 
As of 14 Mar 2021

 U17 Squad 
As of 14 Mar 2021

 Women Squad 
As of 14 Mar 2021

 Coaching staff 

 Transfers 

 In 
Pre-season

 Loan In 

 Loan Return 

 Out 
Pre-season

Mid-season

 Loan Out 
Pre-season

 Extension / Retained 

 Friendlies 

 Pre-season 
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 In-season 
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 Team statistics 

 Appearances and goals 
As of 6 Nov 2022Numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute.

 Competitions 

 Overview 

 Singapore Premier League 
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 Singapore Cup 

  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 Group 

 Competition (U21) 

 Stage 1 

  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 League table 

 Stage 2 

 League table 

 Competition (U17) 

 U17 League 

  Win
  Draw
  Loss

League table

 Competition (WPL) 

 WPL League 

  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 See also 
2020 Tanjong Pagar United FC season
2021 Tanjong Pagar United FC season

 Notes 

 References 

List of accolades received by Oppenheimer (film)
Oppenheimer is a 2023 epic biographical thriller film written, directed, and co-produced by Christopher Nolan. Based on the 2005 biography American Prometheus by Kai Bird and Martin J. Sherwin, it predominately chronicles the career of American theoretical physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer. The film stars Cillian Murphy as the titular character and follows him through his academic studies, his direction of the Los Alamos Laboratory during the Second World War—which produced the first nuclear weapons, and his 1954 security hearing that resulted in his political fall from grace. Emily Blunt, Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr. and Florence Pugh also star in the film; the ensemble supporting cast features Josh Hartnett, Casey Affleck, Rami Malek, and Kenneth Branagh.
The film premiered at Le Grand Rex in Paris on July 11, 2023, and was theatrically released in the United States and the United Kingdom on July 21 via Universal Pictures. Greatly exceeding box office expectations, Oppenheimer grossed over $955 million worldwide against a production budget of $100 million, becoming the third-highest-grossing film of 2023, the highest-grossing biographical film, the highest-grossing World War II-related film, and the second-highest-grossing R-rated film. Oppenheimer received widespread critical acclaim, with particular praise towards its directing, screenplay, cast performances, cinematography, editing, musical score, and visual effects. Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, surveyed 495 reviews of the film and judged 93% to be positive; it is the best-reviewed film of 2023 on the aggregator.Oppenheimer garnered awards and nominations from a wide assortment of categories. The film received eight nominations at the 81st Golden Globe Awards, winning a leading five: Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director (Nolan), Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama (Murphy), Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture (Downey) and Best Original Score (Ludwig Göransson). It is the first film since Gandhi (1982), and the tenth film overall, to win five Golden Globes. The National Board of Review and the American Film Institute named Oppenheimer one of the top-ten films of 2023. Among the film's leading eight wins at the 29th Critics' Choice Awards, Nolan, Downey, and Göransson were awarded for their respective work. Oppenheimer received thirteen nominations at the 96th Academy Awards and the 77th British Academy Film Awards, becoming one of the most nominated films in the history of both organizations.

 Accolades 

 See also 
2023 in film

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Awards for Oppenheimer at IMDb

Mirvish Productions
Mirvish Productions, commonly known as Mirvish, is a Canadian theatrical production company, based in Toronto. Founded in 1986 by David Mirvish with his father, Ed Mirvish, it is the largest commercial theatre company in Canada. Mirvish Productions own and operate four theatres in the downtown Toronto area: the Royal Alexandra Theatre, Princess of Wales Theatre, Ed Mirvish Theatre, and the CAA Theatre.

 History 

 Beginning and early years 
In 1963, at the encouragement of his wife (Anne) and son (David), Ed Mirvish purchased the Royal Alexandra Theatre in Toronto, saving it from demolition. He spent several months renovating the theatre and installing a large marquee at the front of the theatre. The theatre re-opened on September 9, 1963, with the Canadian premiere of Never Too Late, which starred William Bendix. In the subsequent years, the Royal Alexandra Theatre was used as a "road house", which staged short touring productions from London and New York.
In 1982, London's The Old Vic theatre was placed for sale and ultimately purchased by Ed Mirvish for £550,000, outbidding Andrew Lloyd Webber. With his son David, they refurbished the theatre to allow it to return to staging productions. The theatre reopened on October 31, 1983 with The Queen Mother in attendance. Following mounting financial losses, Mirvish sold The Old Vic to a charitable trust in 1998, which will continue operating the theatre as a non-profit.By 1985, Ed began to retire and transition out of the theatre industry. In 1986, David Mirvish sensed greater potential with the shows being staged by them, which led to the founding of Mirvish Productions in 1987.In 1991, the Tomson Highway play, Dry Lips Oughta Move to Kapuskasing, was staged at the Royal Alexandra Theatre. It became the first play by an Indigenous author to be staged there, and was the first native Canadian play to receive a major commercial production in Canada.

 Theatres 
The first theatre used by Mirvish Productions was the Royal Alexandra Theatre, which was purchased by Ed Mirvish in 1963. In 1987, the theatre was named a National Historic Monument.In 1991, Ed and David Mirvish began construction of a new theatre built on a vacant lot on King Street East in downtown Toronto. It was the first privately funded theatre to be built in Canada, since the Royal Alexandra Theatre in 1907. The new 2000-seat theatre was named the Princess of Wales Theatre in honour of Diana, Princess of Wales. The theatre opened on May 26, 1993, with a Canadian production of Miss Saigon that was produced in partnership with Cameron Mackintosh.In 2001, Mirvish began leasing space at the Canon Theatre to present productions. As part of the lease agreement, Mirvish was granted the first right to purchase the theatre should it be placed for sale. This sale took place in 2008, when Key Brand Entertainment agreed to sell the Canon Theatre to Mirvish. As part of the sale, Mirvish also acquired the 700-seat Panasonic Theatre. Although the sale of Canon Theatre was challenged by Aubrey Dan, Mirvish won the protracted legal battle, ultimately giving Mirvish two Yonge Street theatres.On December 6, 2011, Mirvish announced that the Canon Theatre would be renamed the Ed Mirvish Theatre in honour of Ed Mirvish, who passed away in July 2007.On September 29, 2012, Mirvish Productions announced a plan to demolish the Princess of Wales Theatre in favour of a multi-purpose complex designed by Frank Gehry that would include an extensive artwork collection available for public viewing, as well as museums, condominium units, and retail spaces. However, following extensive consultations and criticism from city planners, Mirvish announced a revised plan in May 2014 that would save the Princess of Wales Theatre.On December 1, 2017, the Panasonic Theatre was renamed the CAA Theatre as part of a marketing partnership between Mirvish Productions and CAA.

 Theatre renovations 
In 2016, following the closure of the Canadian production of Kinky Boots, the Royal Alexandra Theatre underwent a $2.5 million renovation. 250 seats were removed in favour of larger, more comfortable seats and greater leg room, and a general refurbishment of the theatre was undertaken.In 2019, the façade of the Royal Alexandra Theatre was wrapped in blue for the Canadian production of Dear Evan Hansen. The blue wrap was removed after the production closed.In 2021, the Ed Mirvish Theatre underwent an extensive renovation in preparation for the Canadian production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, which opened on May 31, 2022. The renovations, which cost $5 million, transformed the lobby areas and the auditorium and was done to truly immerse the audience in the play. This included a seat reduction, an aisle realignment, the addition of faux side and rear walls, and a new color palette and design work to match with the play's theme throughout the theatre.

 Television 
In 2008, Mirvish Productions partnered Andrew Lloyd Webber to produce a reality talent competition series, How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?, based on the 2006 BBC One series of the same name. The series aimed to find a Canadian actress to play Maria von Trapp in the 2008 Andrew Lloyd Webber and David Mirvish revival of Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music in Toronto. The series premiered June 15, 2008, on CBC Television, and ended July 28, 2008. Elicia MacKenzie was named the winner, and played the lead role in the Canadian production. The runner-up, Janna Polzin, was later named the alternate Maria for the same production.In 2012, Mirvish Productions again partnered with Webber to produce another reality talent competition series, Over the Rainbow. This series, which premiered in September 2012 on CBC Television, was to find a Canadian actress to play the lead role of Dorothy in a North American production of Andrew Lloyd Webber's stage musical adaptation of The Wizard of Oz. On November 5, 2012, Danielle Wade was named the winner. She originated the role of Dorothy at the Ed Mirvish Theatre in December 2012, as well as the subsequent North American tour.Despite not winning the series, other contestants have gone on to perform lead roles in Canadian engagements of shows produced by Mirvish. The runner-up, Stephanie LaRochelle, made her Mirvish debut in the Canadian production of Dear Evan Hansen at the Royal Alexandra Theatre in 2019, when she was cast in the lead role of Zoe Murphy. The second runner-up, AJ Bridel, also made her Mirvish debut in the lead role of Lauren in the Canadian production of Kinky Boots in 2015 at the Royal Alexandra Theatre.

 COVID-19 
On March 14, 2020, for the first time in the company's history, Mirvish Productions closed their doors and suspended all performances at their theatres due to public health concerns amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. The initial closures were planned to last for a month, with the performances of Hamilton and Come from Away being suspended. Due to province-wide shutdowns and restrictions implemented by the Ontario government, Mirvish's theatres remained closed indefinitely. This resulted in Hamilton's tour stop in Toronto ending abruptly, just one month into the planned three month run.
Throughout the closures, Mirvish ran some virtual programming and entertainment. This included a YouTube web series Check in from Away, co-hosted by Come from Away cast member Steffi DiDomenicantonio and stage manager Lisa Humber. On August 24, 2021, Mirvish announced their 2021-22 subscription seasons to begin later that Fall. Mirvish's main subscription season resumed on November 30, 2021, with the 50th anniversary tour of Jesus Christ Superstar. However, on December 24, 2021, Mirvish cancelled the remaining two weeks of the show due to positive COVID tests within the cast and crew.
On December 15, 2021, the Canadian production of Come from Away returned to the Royal Alexandra Theatre for the first time since their forced closure in March 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, a week after its re-opening, Mirvish was forced to pause performances of Come from Away because of positive COVID-19 tests. A week later, Mirvish announced that the Canadian production of Come from Away would close permanently, after 855 performances. This announcement was met with widespread shock from the Canadian theatre industry and many Canadian news outlets, with many expressing outrage at the lack of funding for commercial theatre companies. In an announcement on the closure, David Mirvish wrote:  “In other parts of the world, the government has stepped up to support the commercial theatre sector by offering a financial safety net for the sector to reopen and play during the pandemic, thus protecting the tens of thousands of good jobs the sector creates. That is the case in the US, the UK and Australia – where productions of Come From Away continue to play: in the US on Broadway and on tour, in London’s West End in the UK, and in Sydney, Australia. But in Canada there is no such government support. And without such a safety net it is impossible for the production to take yet another extended hiatus. The costs of reopening a second time are prohibitively high and risky. I know this news is shocking, and it causes me and our partners great pain to have to take this action, but we are simply out of options. The most responsible way forward is to close the production.”
On January 5, 2022, Mirvish announced a revised 2022 main subscription season. The planned West End transfer of Leopoldstadt was cancelled because of the continuing border closures in Canada and the large cast size, a few weeks before it was scheduled to open at the Princess of Wales Theatre. It was ultimately replaced with a transfer of Singin' in the Rain, that would be performed in September - October 2022. Pressure was similarly cancelled, and replaced by Jake Epstein's one-man show, Boy Falls From The Sky, which was added to main season subscription.By August 2022, attendance at Mirvish shows showed signs of revitalization following several months of pandemic uncertainty and government-imposed capacity limits. On August 18, 2022, Mirvish said that the final three weeks of the pre-Broadway engagement of & Juliet were sold out and that they were unable to keep up with the demand for tickets to the show. Mirvish also noted that their new Canadian production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has been sold out since the start of their run. By the end of 2022, Mirvish had not cancelled a performance that year because of COVID-19, with The Globe and Mail noting the Canadian production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child grossed approximately $2 million in sales over the last week of 2022 (setting a Canadian box office record for a non-musical play).

 Description 

 Schedule 
Although there are some exceptions, shows programmed by Mirvish at one of their theatres generally perform the traditional 8-performance week. There are often evening performances that begin at either 7:30pm or 8:00pm from Tuesday through Saturday. There are "matinée" (afternoon) performances at either 1:30pm or 2:00pm on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday. Mirvish's theatres do not perform shows on Mondays and are considered to be "dark" that day. This is a similar performance schedule to what is often seen on Broadway.

 Audience 
Attending a live theatre show is often a popular tourist activity in Toronto, with Mirvish's theatres as being the opportunity to see major theatrical productions. Tickets for Mirvish shows are purchased exclusively through the official Mirvish channels, such as by phone or through their website. By 2019, Mirvish introduced a digital lottery system where customers can enter for a chance to purchase tickets to many of their shows at a significantly discounted rate. This was first notably used for the 2019 tour stop of Book of Mormon, introduced again in 2020 for Hamilton, and has since been used for many of the popular productions offered by Mirvish.In an effort to attract high school and post-secondary students, Mirvish began offering special student rates to the off-Mirvish subscription season packages in 2020.

 Programming and subscription seasons 
(see § Theatrical subscription seasons, below)
Mirvish Productions often programs a wide range of shows into their theatres each year. Historically, musicals have tended to fare better with Mirvish's audiences than plays and are often more frequently programmed. Also, the types of shows that are often performed at Mirvish's theatres typically include well-known, international productions that originated on Broadway and/or London's West End. On occasion, Mirvish programs shows that originated in other countries, such as Australia (Muriel's Wedding) and South Korea (The Last Empress). Mirvish frequently programs shows that are promoted as pre-Broadway engagements that run for a limited time before later opening on Broadway. Recent examples of this include Aladdin in 2011, Ain't too Proud in 2018, and & Juliet in 2022. World premiere performances of shows are occasionally run by Mirvish, such as Jane Eyre in 1996, and Arrabal in 2014.Many of the shows programmed by Mirvish are run through their two subscription seasons. The main subscription seasons often consists of popular musicals and plays from Broadway that are touring, pre-Broadway engagements, and transfers from London's West End. Many of the shows offered on the main subscription season often run for 6 to 7 weeks, and are performed at any of their four theatres. As of 2018, there are approximately 45,000 main season subscribers.In 2012, Mirvish began offering an off-Mirvish subscription season, which is similar to off-Broadway. These are smaller scale shows, and are often co-produced with smaller Toronto-area theatres with the intention of marketing them to larger audiences. Shows included in the off-Mirvish subscription usually include productions that are "edgier" and often include more mature content than what is normally seen in the mainstream productions in the main subscription season. Dramatic plays and revues are commonly included in the off-Mirvish subscription seasons. The off-Mirvish subscription season has typically consisted of 3 productions, although 4 productions were included in the inaugural 2012-2013 season. Shows offered in the off-Mirvish subscription season typically run for 4 to 5 weeks, are normally performed at the CAA Theatre.

 Sit-down productions 
Mirvish often produces special Canadian engagements of shows on their stages, for either an extended engagement or open-ended runs (such as Come from Away) with no specified closing date. These local sit-down productions are similar to the local sit-down productions hosted in other major theatrical venues, such as Chicago or London, England. In many instances, though not necessarily all, these productions include casts that are entirely or mostly Canadian.

 Long running productions 
The following table lists the productions that have performed at least 100 performances continuously, or as part of special engagement or sit-down productions programmed by Mirvish. Productions that arrive as part of a tour, which normally run for 6 or 7 weeks, are not included in these totals. These figures assume the standard 8-week performance schedule used by Mirvish, which equals approximately 416 performances a year. All figures are approximate, unless otherwise cited.
Updated as of February 4, 2024

 Awards 
Many of the productions performed on Mirvish's stages are honoured by the annual Dora Mavor Moore Awards (commonly called the "Dora Awards"), which are given by the Toronto Alliance for the Performing Arts (TAPA) for the best in performing arts productions in the Toronto area. The Dora Award is the most prestigious award for Toronto's performing arts sector. Although similar in function to Broadway's Tony Awards or the Olivier Awards in London's West End, the Dora Awards do not often affect the Toronto theatre scene. This has been attributed to the lack of promotion of the Dora Awards ceremonies, confusing award categories, and that many of the shows nominated have already closed by the time of the awards ceremony.The most recent Dora Awards were held on September 19, 2022. Mirvish Productions led all nominees with 24 nominations, and 3 wins.

 Theatrical subscription seasons 

 Main season 

 Off-Mirvish season 

 Theatres and current or upcoming productions 
An * after the opening date indicates that the listed show has not yet opened, but is scheduled to open on the given date at that theatre.
Capacity is based on the capacity listed for the respective theatre on the Mirvish Productions website.

 Notes 
^a  Riverdance replaced The Boys in the Photograph on the 2008-2009 subscription season.
^b  Legally Blonde replaced Priscilla, Queen of the Desert on the 2009-2010 subscription season.
^c  The Last Ship replaced Girl from the North Country on the 2018-2019 subscription season.
^d  The Boy Friend replaced Hello, Dolly! on the 2019-2020 subscription season.
^e  Due to the COVID-19 pandemic that emerged during the 2019-2020 season, The Boy Friend, Room, and Indecent were cancelled.
^f  Boy Falls From The Sky replaced Pressure, and was added to the 2021-2022 main subscription season.
^g  Singin' in the Rain replaced Leopoldstadt on the 2021-2022 subscription season.

 References 

 External links 
Official Website

John Abraham filmography
John Abraham is an Indian actor, film producer and former model who has been featured in over 50 films predominantly in Hindi language. After a successful career as a model, Abraham began his acting career with Jism in 2003, which was a box office success. In the same year, he appeared in Anurag Basu's horror film Saaya and the Pooja Bhatt directorial Paap. Abraham starred as Kabir in the multi-starrer Dhoom, an action film directed by Sanjay Gadhvi, and produced by Yash Raj Films. The film was the third highest-grossing film of the year, and earned him a nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Performance in a Negative Role. 
In 2008, John starred alongside Abhishek Bachchan and Priyanka Chopra in Dostana, his sole release that year. Dostana became a commercial success and grossed over ₹871 million, becoming one of the highest grossing Hindi films of 2008. His films have ranged from action films such as Dhoom (2004), Karam (2005), Viruddh (2005), Race 2 (2013), Shootout at Wadala (2013), Zinda (2006), Satyameva Jayate (2018), Mumbai Saga (2021), and Pathaan (2023), in addition to thrillers such as Jism (2003), Aetbaar (2004) and New York (2009) and 7 Khoon Maaf (2011) and Ek Villain Returns (2022) and The Diplomat (2024).

 Films 

 Music videos 

 Music song 
2003: Appeared in Hum Ko To Hai Poora Yakeen made by MSN Cricket and Sports (MSN India) to support The Indian Cricket team for the ICC Cricket World Cup 2003.

 See also 
List of awards and nominations received by John Abraham

 References 

 External links 
John Abraham filmography at IMDb

List of Miss Earth elemental titleholders
This is an overview of the top finalists of the Miss Earth competition.

 Miss Earth elemental titleholders 
Miss Earth uses specific titles and crowns for the runners-up, based upon the four elements of antiquity, calling the 1st runner-up Miss Air, the 2nd runner-up Miss Water, and the 3rd runner-up Miss Fire. To distinguish the runners-up at the international competition from those at the national level, the international edition includes the title "Miss Earth" before the names of each element; for example, "Miss Earth – Air".This table shows the top-four finalists of each competition, from its inception in 2001.

Table notes

 Runners-up 
In the 2023 edition of the pageant, a new runner-up format was introduced. Unlike in previous years, the top 8 finalists who did not make it to the top 4 were announced as runners-up with equal placements.

 Countries/Territories by number of finalists 

 Miss Air 
Countries by number of winsThe Miss Air of each edition of Miss Earth is the second placer behind the candidate who is crowned as Miss Earth (first placer). In some cases, she shall take over the title of Miss Earth, if:

The outgoing titleholder cannot fulfill her duties. This could happen and may result to resignation, giving up the title, or dethronement
The titleholder is dethroned due to deeds that violate the organization's policies. This has only happened in 2002.The second-place finisher being designated as Miss Air has been awarded twenty-three times (2001–2023).
This table lists the number of Miss Air titles by country. There are some special considerations:

As Kenya took over the Miss Earth title in 2002, the Miss Air position was taken by Yugoslavia after the succession took place.
After Ecuador resigned the Miss Air title in 2010, the position was taken by Russia (Top 14 semifinalist).The current Miss Air is Yllana Aduana from the Philippines, as for the edition that took place on December 22, 2023, in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

Continents by number of winsUp position change
Assumed winsTitles assumed following resignations.

Resigned wins

 Miss Water 
Countries by number of winsThe Miss Water of each edition of Miss Earth is the third placer behind the candidate who is crowned as Miss Earth (first placer) and Miss Air (second placer).
The third-place finisher being designated as Miss Water has been awarded twenty-three times (2001–2023).
This table lists the number of Miss Water titles by country. There are some special considerations:

As Yugoslavia took over the Miss Air title in 2002, the Miss Water position was taken by Greece after the succession took place.
After Thailand was dethroned the Miss Water title in 2013, it is unknown if the position was taken by another candidate.The current Miss Water is Đỗ Thị Lan Anh from Vietnam, as for the edition that took place on December 22, 2023, in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

Continentes by number of winsUp position change
Assumed wins
Dethroned wins

 Miss Fire 
Countries by number of winsThe Miss Fire of each edition of Miss Earth is the fourth placer behind the candidate who is crowned as Miss Earth (first placer), Miss Air (second placer) and Miss Water (third placer).
The fourth-place finisher being designated as Miss Fire has been awarded twenty-three times (2001–2023).
This table lists the number of Miss Fire titles by country. There are some special considerations:

As Greece took over the Miss Water title in 2002, the Miss Fire position was taken by Finland (Top 10 semifinalist), after the succession took place.
After Brazil resigned the Miss Fire title in 2016, the position was taken by United States (Top 8 finalist).The current Miss Fire is Cora Bliault from Thailand, as for the edition that took place on December 22, 2023, in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

Continentes by number of winsUp position change
Assumed wins
Resigned wins

Notes for the previous three tables

 Miss Earth runners-up and finalists table position 
The country/territory who assumed a position is indicated in boldThe country/territory who was dethroned, resigned or originally held the position is indicated in striketroughThe country/territory who was dethroned, resigned or originally held the position but was not replaced is indicated underlined

Notes

 See also 
List of Miss Earth titleholders
List of Miss International runners-up and finalists
List of Miss Universe runners-up and finalists
List of Miss World runners-up and finalists
Big Four international beauty pageants

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Miss Earth Foundation website

List of people from Harvey County, Kansas
The following is a list of people from Harvey County, Kansas.  Inclusion on the list should be reserved for notable people past and present who have resided in the county, either in cities or rural areas.

 Academics 
Errett Bishop, mathematician
John Keeny, president of Louisiana Tech University from 1908 to 1926

 Athletics 
See also List of Bethel Threshers head football coachesMonty Beisel, professional football player
Tony Clark, professional baseball player
Andy Dirks, professional baseball player for the Detroit Tigers; competed in the 2012 World Series
Harold E. Foster, member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame
Brian Moorman, professional football player for the Buffalo Bills
Dustin Richardson, professional baseball player
Jim Roper, NASCAR driver
Adolph Rupp, one of the most successful college basketball coaches in the history of American college basketball and member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame
Otto D. Unruh, college football coach credited with inventing the "T-Wing" offense
Mike Wellman, professional football player

 Arts 
Tom Adair, songwriter, composer and screenwriter
Reed Crandall, comic book artist
Milburn Stone, television actor

 Business 
Jacob A. Schowalter, Kansas farmer and business owner whose estate formed the basis of the Schowalter Foundation
Lyle Yost, founder of Hesston Corporation

 Health and medicine 
John M. Janzen,  leading figure on issues of health, illness, and healing in Southern and Central Africa

 Journalism 
Jeremy Hubbard, television news anchor

 Military 
Elizabeth P. Hoisington, United States Army officer, one of the first women to attain the rank of Brigadier General

 Politics and law 
Rita Crocker Clements, former First Lady of Texas
John Mills Houston, member of the United States House of Representatives from 1935 to 1943
Howard J. McMurray,  United States Representative from Wisconsin
Kimberly J. Mueller, Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California
Errett P. Scrivner, United States Representative from Kansas
Jesse M. Unruh, "Big Daddy Unruh," Democratic politician
John C. Yoder, Kansas and West Virginia state judge; West Virginia state senator

 See also 
Lists of people from Kansas

 References 

Everybody Loves Raymond
Everybody Loves Raymond is an American television sitcom created by Philip Rosenthal that aired on CBS from September 13, 1996, to May 16, 2005, with a total of 210 episodes spanning nine seasons. It was produced by Where's Lunch and Worldwide Pants Incorporated, in association with HBO Independent Productions. The cast members were Ray Romano, Patricia Heaton, Brad Garrett, Doris Roberts, Peter Boyle, Madylin Sweeten, and Monica Horan. Most episodes of the nine-season series were filmed in front of a live studio audience.
The series received positive reviews and has been ranked the 49th all-time funniest television comedy by Complex, the 60th best all-time series by TV Guide, the eleventh-best sitcom starring a stand-up comedian and the 35th best sitcom of all time by Rolling Stone, and (alongside South Park) the 63rd best written television series by the Writers Guild of America. In a Hollywood Reporter poll of all-time television programs surveying 779 actors, 365 producers and 268 directors, Everybody Loves Raymond ranked 96th.

 Series overview 
The show is centered on the life of an Italian-American everyman named Raymond "Ray" Barone, a sportswriter for Newsday living with his family on Long Island. Beleaguered, diffident and dryly sarcastic, Ray takes few things seriously, making jokes in nearly every situation, no matter how troubling or serious. He often avoids responsibilities around the house and with his kids, leaving this to his wife,  Debra.
Ray and Debra have a daughter Ally (Alexandra) and twin sons Michael and Geoffrey (originally Matthew and Gregory in the pilot). The Barone children are regular characters but not a major focus. Raymond's parents, Marie and Frank, live across the street with their older son Robert (who, later in the series, has his own apartment). The Barone relatives frequently make their presence known to the annoyance of Ray and Debra. Although she loves them, Debra's justifiable complaints about Ray's overbearing family serve as one of the show's comedic elements. Out of the three unwanted visitors, Debra is particularly intimidated by Marie, an insulting, controlling, manipulative (though ultimately caring) woman who criticizes Debra passive-aggressively and praises Ray, clearly favoring him over other son "Robbie," whose birth necessitated her marriage (a fact revealed in the episode "Good Girls").
Ray typically falls in the middle of family arguments, incapable of taking any decisive stand, especially if it might invoke his mother's disapproval. Robert, a miserable gentle giant, jealous of his younger sibling's position as favorite son and also of the success his brother has achieved both professionally and personally, is Ray's biggest rival. Robert and Ray frequently argue like overgrown children, focusing much of their energy on picking on or one-upping each other, although deep down they love each other dearly.
Frank Barone is a fiery retiree prone to directing insults and merciless put-downs at any and all targets. Largely an absentee father when the boys were growing up, Frank buries his feelings and rarely yields to sentiment. As the series progresses, however, several episodes demonstrate that the senior Barone loves his family immensely. Unlike everyone else, Frank has no problem comically criticizing Marie and often comes to Debra's defense whenever Marie comments disparagingly about their daughter-in-law.
Ray and Debra's marriage is fraught with conflicts. Ray prefers sports television over discussions with Debra on marital matters. Ray works full-time, as his father had, leaving most child-rearing responsibilities to his wife; and he is often forced to help around the house. One of the show's recurring elements finds the couple having a long discussion in bed each night before going to sleep.

 Episodes 

 Characters 

Ray Barone (Ray Romano) is a sportswriter for Newsday. He lives in Lynbrook, Long Island with his wife, Debra, and their three children Alexandra ("Ally"), Geoffrey, and Michael. His parents Frank and Marie and brother Robert live across the street. Raymond's character is loosely based on the real-life Romano, as he is the father of twin boys and a girl. Ray is emotionally unable to take any sort of stand on anything, especially if it brings him to any sort of conflict with his mother—the exception is when he protests about sex or some trivial matter. Raymond's mother favors him over Robert.
Debra Barone (Patricia Heaton) is Raymond's wife, and mother of Ally, Michael and Geoffrey. As a housewife, Debra claims she is frequently overworked, underappreciated, and stressed out. This leads to her yelling and occasionally attacking inanimate objects, largely because she has to deal with all the housework and her three rambunctious children with almost no assistance or support from Raymond; additionally, she constantly puts up with Marie's intrusiveness and criticism. On frequent occasions this frustration boils over and is vented towards Raymond. While Debra has a fractious relationship with Marie, she is shown to share many tender moments with Robert, and occasionally Frank.
Robert Barone (Brad Garrett) is Raymond's older brother and the son of Frank and Marie. Standing at 6'8½" (2.04 m), he is the tallest Barone, and has several quirks, the biggest being a nervous habit of touching food to his chin before eating it, once referred to as "crazy chin." Robert is often jealous of the attention that Raymond receives from their mother, to the exclusion of his every achievement. Robert has been a New York City police officer for over 23 years (explicitly stated as 15 years early in season 1) and attains the rank of lieutenant by the end of the series. His height, appearance, and depressed demeanor are the source of much humor. However, despite his imposing size, Robert is a very skilled dancer. Divorced from first wife Joanne prior to the beginning of the series, he is frequently unlucky with women, until his on-off relationship with his girlfriend Amy McDougall finally results in marriage. Also, despite his tough appearance, he appears to be more sensitive, affectionate, tender and open to sharing his emotions compared to the rest of his family.
Marie Barone (Doris Roberts) is Raymond and Robert's mother and the wife of Frank. Intrusive, controlling, manipulative, and over-nurturing (at least with Raymond), she is a housewife who excels in cooking, cleaning, and other things dealing with keeping a good home and family. Marie and Frank live across the street from Raymond and Debra in Lynbrook, Long Island, New York which often irritates the latter couple. Marie's meddling tendencies include going through their mail, redoing their laundry, and upstaging Debra in the kitchen. She also goes to great lengths to control Robert's love life and get him to settle down and bring her more grandchildren.
Frank Barone (Peter Boyle) is Raymond's father and Marie's husband, a retired bookkeeper, and registered real estate agent, with a stubborn masculine personality and no interest in personal hygiene. A United States Army veteran, Frank served in the Korean War, which he frequently brings up to everyone's annoyance. He mocks his sons' inability to handle their own personal and domestic problems; unlike his sons, he is not intimidated by Marie and disparages her regularly with little to no provocation. Although both he and Marie maintain that he only married her for her cooking, he is shown to care about her genuinely. He is a member of the Order of the Caribou Lodge, and was named Man of the Year by his fellow members.
Amy MacDougall (Monica Horan) (recurring seasons 1–7, starring seasons 8 & 9) becomes Robert Barone's second wife (in season 7), and is the best friend of Debra, who introduces her to Robert. A recurring character for the first seven seasons of the series, Amy became essentially a regular cast member for the remainder of the show's run. However, Horan's name did not get added to the opening credits until the final season. Many issues cause Amy and Robert to break up in the first six seasons, with one being blamed on Raymond, and another happening because Robert was seeing other women, one of whom was his ex-wife. Quite often, Amy apologizes to someone even if she did not do anything wrong. She was born to very religious parents who, according to Amy, "wouldn't yell if they were on fire." In real life, Horan is the wife of creator/executive producer Philip Rosenthal.
Ally Barone (Madylin Sweeten) is the daughter of Raymond and Debra. She is the oldest of the Barone children. She is not seen much, even though she is credited in the main cast. She is said to be a better cook than her mother, and maybe someday her grandmother. In real life, Madylin is the sister of Sawyer and Sullivan Sweeten.
Geoffrey Barone (Sawyer Sweeten) and Michael Barone (Sullivan Sweeten) are the twin sons of Raymond and Debra. Their names in the pilot were Gregory and Matthew. In real life, twins Sawyer and Sullivan are brothers of Madylin Sweeten.

 Development 

 Conception 

In the 1990s, several television shows based on work from stand-up comedians, such as Home Improvement (1991–99) and Roseanne (1988–97), were successful. Ray Romano, a comedian for 12 years by the time Everybody Loves Raymond first aired, was one such comic to get development deals following a five-minute performance on the Late Show with David Letterman (1993–2015) in the middle of 1995. David Letterman executive producer Rob Burnett recalled that "by the end [of the monologue] we already had lawyers lined up to work a deal with him."In looking for a show-runner, Romano wanted somebody to share his tastes in humor, avoiding those who were into writing "devicey" material. Around a dozen candidates for the show-runner position were considered before Coach writer Philip Rosenthal, who sent a Frasier spec script to Letterman's Worldwide Pants. The company read the spec and sent Rosenthal a tape of Romano asking screenwriters to help him with an upcoming show based on his work; also in the tape, he stated that he had a hard time coming up with new material because of having to raise twin sons, and showcased a "new bit" of him shaking keys while saying "hey." Romano's sense of humor intrigued Rosenthal, reminding him of Bill Cosby's early work.After viewing the tape, Rosenthal met with Romano in person at Art's Delicatessen & Restaurant on Ventura Boulevard about being a potential show runner. The encounter consisted of Romano and Rosenthal each discussing their families. Romano told Rosenthal he wanted to do a series about a comedian discussing current issues with friends at a coffee shop, but Rosenthal responded that kind of sitcom already existed and was a hit. Rosenthal, intrigued by Romano's crazy family fables and wanting to work around his lack of previous acting experience, then stated it would be most "comfortable" for Romano to have the Raymond character be very close to his real personality and in family circumstances reflective of Romano's home life. Although Romano has a brother named Robert in real life, he based the Robert in Raymond on another one of his brothers, Richard. Rosenthal also incorporated his own family experiences into the show, with his mother and wife serving as the basis for Marie and Debra respectively.Most aspects of Romano's real life are replicated in the series, except for its setting of Long Island instead of Queens; Romano and the writers initially wanted the show to be set in Queens, but CBS executives ultimately chose Long Island due to its broad appeal, as it was a suburb with urban elements. Previous prime-time television series set in Long Island, such as The Hamptons (1983) and The Pruitts of Southampton (1966–67), never went beyond one season. Romano also explained, "There's a lot more kissing on the show than in real life;" and his wife Anna continued, "and they talk a lot more in the show than we ever do at home." The title Everybody Loves Raymond originated from a response Romano's brother Richard made after Ray won a CableACE stand-up award: "I had a day where people were shooting at me, and you're bringing home trophies. Everybody loves Raymond, don't they?" In the show's pilot, Robert states "Everybody loves Raymond."Rosenthal pitched the show to CBS president Les Moonves, CBS comedy vice president David Himelfarb, CBS comedy development executive Wendi Goldstein, and CBS comedy and drama development head Gene Stein. He kept the pitch very simple: "it's [Romano] and his family, and his parents live across the street with his brother." CBS was lukewarm towards the show's low concept, but found it enough of a low-risk investment for the series to be green-lit. Letterman's involvement with Raymond amounted to nothing more than a meeting where he signed Rosenthal's show-runner contract and told him, "just don't embarrass us."

 Casting 

For the non-titular lead roles of Everybody Loves Raymond, casting director Lisa Miller chose actors with previous professional experience in acting, such as Patricia Heaton and Brad Garrett, who made several appearances in sitcoms before; and Doris Roberts and Peter Boyle, both film actors. Everybody Loves Raymond was Heaton's fourth lead role in a sitcom after the short-lived Room for Two (1992–1993), Some Like Me (1994), and Women of the House (1995). When she read the pilot script during pilot season, she thought it was "beautifully written" although found the character of Debra uninteresting. Miller explained that she had to "Taft-Hartley" Romano, who did not have much acting experience before Everybody Loves Raymond, in order to get around legal Screen Actors Guild requirements to star in the show. He also needed trainers to make sure he performed the character of a likable protagonist well.Garrett was the first actor to be cast after Romano, as well as the only actor to audition without Romano in the room. Garrett explained that while CBS initially wanted a small, Danny DeVito-esque character who had a "bulldog" attitude towards Raymond, he, a much taller actor, portrayed Robert as more "beaten-down" and "succumb to the fact that he's a loser" when auditioning.For the auditions of Heaton, Boyle, and Roberts, they were in the moods of the characters in the scenes they performed, and their auditions were very quick. Heaton was in the middle of getting-by doing babysitting work and clipping coupons when auditioning, making her very stressed. Miller chose Heaton for the role of Debra for being "very focused, real, like Helen Hunt in Mad About You." Boyle, an actor recommended for Frank by Moonves, had a troublesome time getting to his audition location due to schedule changes and poor directions, which made him very grumpy and "in character" when he arrived. Rosenthal admitted to casting Boyle "out of fear" in response to Boyle's bitter attitude. Roberts was called by the casting team for the role of Marie after going through more than 100 actresses. She was initially reluctant to audition due to being busy with directing a 23-character play, but her agents insisted she had time; an "overwhelmed" Roberts did zero preparation, which was unusual for her, and performed her audition from her "gut reaction."

 Production 
Each episode was created in a workweek that consisted of actors reading through and rehearsing the script on Monday, actors rehearsing and the writers tweaking the script on Tuesday, CBS running through what the actors rehearsed on Wednesday, camera blocking on Thursday, and filming on Friday. A typical writing session started with each of the writers discussing their lives, which served as the basis for episode scripts; as Rosenthal summarized the process, "talking, talking, talking and then all of a sudden, that's a story." Will MacKenzie, who directed for Everybody Loves Raymond on the second, third, and fourth seasons, recalled the writers being so efficient that thirteen episode scripts were completed by the time a season began airing. When shooting episodes, Rosenthal was very stern about the actors sticking to the script and avoiding ad libing, although "alternative" lines were put in the script for some episodes.Garrett compared acting in episodes of Raymond to the improvisational methods used by the cast in Seinfeld (1989–98). Garrett had appeared in a Seinfeld episode, playing an obsessed car mechanic that steals Jerry Seinfeld's car.
The house used for exterior shots of Ray and Debra's home is located at 135 Margaret Boulevard in Merrick, New York and was worth $500,000 as of August 2018; as in the show, it is located across the street from the home used for exteriors of Frank and Marie's house (house number 136).

 Style 
For Everybody Loves Raymond, Rosenthal went for a classic sitcom style a la The Honeymooners (1955–56), avoiding references to current culture in order to give it a timeless quality. Explained Jeremy Stevens, the show differed from most sitcoms of its time for its focus on storytelling and reflection on most people's real lives.Julie Pernworth, a comedy development president at CBS, categorized Everybody Loves Raymond as "one of the most traditional sitcoms to come along in a long time." As Rosenthal put it, Raymond was a "sophisticated" version of a family sitcom, which was emphasized via the show's piano-heavy background music and the use of The New Yorker typeface for credits. In composing the show's theme, Terry Trotter and Rick Marotta used the first few measures of a song from Woody Allen's film Manhattan (1979) and improvised the rest of the piece. Episodes of Everybody Loves Raymond are emotionally dynamic presentations of otherwise prosaic premises typical for traditional sitcoms.SUNY Press' book The Sitcom Reader (2016) analyzed Raymond was part of a trend in 1990s television of family sitcoms geared towards older audiences, which resulted in the scripts not focusing so much on the child characters and being entirely about grown-ups bickering at each other. While the second season was in production, Romano expressed the challenge of having to write "weird" adult humor within "parameters" of a show about a family: "I want to write a show where I have anxiety attacks, and we're all very concerned about that. Can the star of the show be a father who has anxiety attacks and flips out? Will that sit well with people?" This involved trying to keep the presence of the child characters as little as possible: "To be upstaged by toddlers? I get enough of that at home." As Romano described the stand-up material the show is based on upon the show's first season airing, "I don't want to be a spokesman for family values, but that's the way my standup is perceived. My character is a father who loves his family but who would also love a little freedom." Explained TV critic Jones Ostrow, Raymond "explored the tortuous/loving relationships of parents and adult children, of couples, of siblings and the Peter Pan syndrome that attaches to baby boomer males, sports nuts in particular."

 Connection to other sitcoms 
Kevin James was an actor and writer on Everybody Loves Raymond. Once James got his own show, The King of Queens, the two shows crossed over.
The first crossover happened on The King of Queens. In it, Ray Barone and Doug Heffernan become friends. Later on the same night, Kevin James showed up on Everybody Loves Raymond as Doug Heffernan. The shows crossed over several more times.
Ray Romano also turned up in an episode of The Nanny: when that show's Fran Fine (Fran Drescher) attends her high school reunion, one of her classmates is revealed to be Ray Barone. (Romano and Drescher were real-life classmates at Hillcrest High School in Jamaica, Queens in the 1970s.)
Ray Romano and Peter Boyle appeared as their respective characters in the episode "Lucas Raymondicus" of Cosby, another CBS show, in 1997.

 Foreign remakes 

 Russian version and documentary 
In 2009, series creator/producer Philip Rosenthal traveled to Russia to adapt the show for local audiences.  His experience was documented by a film crew and released as the documentary feature Exporting Raymond. 
The Russian version is titled (in Russian) Воронины (Voronin's Family, a Russian surname sounding similar to the family's name, The Barones).

 Other versions 
The show was adapted in Poland under the title Wszyscy kochają Romana (Everybody Loves Roman). It was picked up by TVN and premiered on September 2, 2011. However, due to low ratings (fewer than 2 million viewers a week), the station put the show on hiatus after four episodes.In Egypt, a sitcom called El Bab Fil Bab (الباب في الباب ), which means "Close Doors" in Arabic, is produced by Sony Pictures Television, translating Everybody Loves Raymond with minor changes to adapt the Eastern Culture. The first season aired in the month of Ramadan 2011; second season in 2012.
A Dutch remake called Iedereen is gek op Jack (Everybody is crazy about Jack) premiered in February 2011. The second season started airing in March 2012 and ended in May 2012.
An Israeli remake called "Mishpacah Lo Bochrim" (משפחה לא בוחרים) (You Can't Choose Your Family)
premiered in October 2012, and was cancelled after 10 episodes aired.
A pilot for a British remake, titled The Smiths, has been commissioned to be produced for BBC One and was filmed in May 2013 at Elstree Studios.  Lee Mack wrote and starred in the pilot, as Michael Smith.  The pilot also starred Catherine Tate, Tom Davis, Gwen Taylor and David Troughton.An Indian remake, titled "Sumit Sambhal Lega" ("सुमित संभाल लेगा" – "Sumit Will Handle Everything"), premiered on August 31, 2015, on STAR Plus.
A Czech remake called "Rudyho Má Každý Rád" (Everybody Loves Rudy) premiered on ČT1 on August 31, 2015, comprising 12 episodes.

 Syndication 
On December 20, 1998, two Tribune Broadcasting channels, WPIX New York and KTLA Los Angeles, bought rights for syndication of Everybody Loves Raymond from Eyemark Entertainment; Variety reported Eyemark receiving a license fee of $90,000 to $100,000 per week and barter advertising of one-and-a-half minutes. Although Eyemark planned for the two channels to start the re-runs in fall 2000, it moved the date to fall 2001 to avoid competition with other sitcoms beginning off-network runs in 2000. The deal allowed the two channels to re-run the show for four-and-a-half years. On January 26, 1999, the cable channel TBS paid Everybody Loves Raymond distributor Eyemark Entertainment for four years of syndication rights of the show starting in the fall of 2004.The show reruns in syndication on various channels, such as TBS and TV Land, AMC until 2023, and in most television markets on local stations. The show is still broadcast regularly in the UK. From 2000 to 2007, King World distributed the show for off-network syndication and Warner Bros. International Television handled international distribution. In 2007, CBS Television Distribution took over King World's distribution. CBS only owns American syndication rights; ancillary rights are controlled by HBO and Warner Bros. Television (WBIT distributes the series outside the US in conjunction with HBO; while HBO Home Entertainment and Warner Home Video own DVD rights worldwide). The show aired every morning as a double bill on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom, as part of its Breakfast line up from 08:00-09:00, and, as of 2024 continues to be shown most weekday mornings.
Everybody Loves Raymond also airs on Comedy Central in the U.K. and in Australia on Seven Network (seasons 1-mid-2), on Network 10 (late-season 2–9), on 10 Peach (a sub-channel of Network 10), on 9Go! (a sub-channel of Nine Network) and on Foxtel's Pay TV network TVH!TS previously called TV1 (formerly aired on FOX Classics). The show reruns in India on the channel Romedy Now.

 Home media 
HBO released the Complete Series of Everybody Loves Raymond on DVD in Regions 1, 2, and 4. Region 4 Complete Box Set was released on August 13, 2008. In Australia, the first five seasons were re-released in 2006 in slimmer packaging (originals were wide spine cases). Also, some were released with a cardboard slip cover. In North America the DVDs were repackaged between 2009 and 2012 in standard sized DVD packaging. All episodes were available on Netflix for streaming until September 1, 2016, also the date Exporting Raymond was taken off the platform. Also on September 14, 2004, The Complete 1st Season was released on VHS. The sixth-season DVD set contained the episode "Marie's Sculpture", which previously had not aired in the United Kingdom and was not released until almost five years after the end of the 6th season.

 Streaming 
Until 2016, the series was available on Netflix in the United States. The series joined Peacock's Premium tier on July 15, 2020. The series also joined Paramount+ in January 2023.[2]

 Reception 

 Critical response 
Los Angeles Daily News critic David Kronke praised Raymond for being "the quintessentially honest sitcom. It's neither too hokey nor too crass. It depicts families as dissolute yet inextricably bound together, just like they really are, and finds the humor in those real frictions that threaten, yet never manage, to burst family units apart. Its characterizations are among the most finely defined on TV. Debra, with her vaguely no-nonsense disgust of Raymond's simpleton-ness, is unlike any sitcom mom ever. Doris Roberts' Marie had a sinister streak long before Nancy Marchand's Livia showed up on The Sopranos. Raymond is also one of the few contemporary sitcoms that has figured out how to implement and even exploit the four-camera, live-audience situation, which is no simple feat."A 1997 review by Bruce Fretts, which gave the show the same score, said that the show "may now be the best sitcom on the air." Common Sense Media's Betsy Wallace, who awarded the show four out of five stars, wrote: "the cast is stellar and plotlines shed light on universal human insecurities, such as doubting that your spouse still finds you attractive as you grow older." Plugged In said in their review, "Seven years and a mantle full of Emmys later, Raymond is still smartly scripted, now with new characters added to a maturing, expanding family."Reviews named Garrett the show's "secret weapon" and responsible for "the bulk of the show's comic high points."

 Accolades 

During its nine seasons, Everybody Loves Raymond was nominated for 69 Primetime Emmy Awards, winning 15 of them, including 10 for acting. The series was also nominated for 21 Screen Actors Guild Awards (1 win) and won the Writers Guild of America Award for Episodic Comedy for "Italy" in 2002.

 American television ratings 
Note: Each U.S. network television season starts in late September and ends in late May, which coincides with the completion of May sweeps. All times mentioned in this section were Eastern & PacificThe series finale scored a 20.2/29 rating/share, 32.94 million viewers and an 11.2/26 rating/share among adults 18–49. At 8pm, Everybody Loves Raymond: The Last Laugh scored a 15.3/24 rating/share, 24.52 million viewers and a 7.5/21 rating/share among adults 18–49. Throughout the latter six seasons of the show, Everybody Loves Raymond maintained its position on the top ten rankings.
The highest average rating for the series is in italic text.

 Notes 

 References 

 Citations 

 Works cited 
Herman, Karen (April 13, 2005). Phil Rosenthal (Interview). Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved January 2, 2020.
Herman, Karen (October 23, 2006). Patricia Heaton (Interview). Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved December 31, 2019.
Neuwirth, Allan (November 8, 2005). Peter Boyle (Interview). Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved December 31, 2019.
Rutkowski, Gary (April 26, 2005). Doris Roberts (Interview). Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved December 31, 2019.
Rutkowski, Gary (April 26, 2007). Brad Garrett (Interview). Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved December 31, 2019.
Rutkowski, Gary (March 7, 2008). Will Mackenzie (Interview). Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Retrieved January 2, 2020.

 External links 

Official Website
Everybody Loves Raymond at IMDb 
Everybody Loves Raymond at The Interviews: An Oral History of Television

2024 European Parliament election in Croatia
The 2024 European Parliament elections in Croatia will be held on 9 June 2024 as part of the 2024 European Parliament election. This will be the fourth European Parliament election held in Croatia, and the first to take place after Brexit.

 Background 
Prime Minister Andrej Plenković was re-elected in the 2020 Croatian parliamentary election.

 Electoral system 
Compared to last election, Croatia is entitled to one more MEP in this election, already assigned since 2020 in the occasion of the redistribution post Brexit. The 20 members are elected through semi-open list proportional representation in a single nationwide constituency with seats allocated through D'Hondt method. The electoral threshold is set at 4%, but due to the seat allocation procedure, at least one seat is only guaranteed from a vote share of at least 8.33%.All people who have Croatian citizenship and a main residence in Croatian, Croatian citizens without residence in Croatia and other Union citizens whose main residence is in Croatia are entitled to vote in the European elections in Croatia. In addition, those eligible to vote must turn 18 years old by election day at the latest. Voter registration is rquired only for non-Croatian EU citizen residing in Croatia, while Croatian citizen are automatically registered in their place of residence.

 Outgoing delegation 
The table shows the detailed composition of the Croatian seats at the European Parliament as of 23 January 2024.

 References 

Vert skateboarding
Vert skateboarding, short for vertical skateboarding, is the act of riding a skateboard on a skate ramp or other incline and involves the skateboarder transitioning from the horizontal plane to the vertical plane in order to perform skateboarding tricks.

 History 
Vert skateboarding has its genesis in "pool riding" - the riding of skateboards in an emptied backyard swimming pool - during the 1970s. As riders moved from general street skateboarding and occasional "pool riding" into purpose-built skate parks, vert skateboarding became more popular. Skateboarders began to develop, and then practice, tricks and techniques specifically for vert skateboarding.Vert skateboarding became a common style of skateboarding and was introduced into many competitions and events including the X Games and the Maloof Money Cup.In 2008 ESPN and X Games organisers announced that vert skateboarding would be removed from X Games competitions in favour of free-movement skate-park-style courses where participants would still be able to perform vert skateboarding tricks but would need to do so in combination with other street skateboarding elements. After public condemnation from professional skateboarders Bob Burnquist, Tony Hawk and others, organisers re-instated vert skateboarding.However, in 2011 ESPN announced that the X Games would no longer feature a Women's Vert Skateboarding event, citing a lack of, "a growing participant base, an established annual competition schedule" and, "myriad other factors". Professional skateboarder Lyn-Z Adams Hawkins said the decision would, "end the growth for women's vert skating as we know it".

 Skateboard set-up 
For vert skateboarding, riders usually set up their boards with 55-millimetre (2.2 in) wheels (or larger) and wider decks for more stability.

 See also 

Dropping in
Vert skating – Sport discipline

 References 

Frontier (supercomputer)
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Frontier, or OLCF-5, is the world's first exascale supercomputer. It is hosted at the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility (OLCF) in Tennessee, United States and became operational in 2022. As of December 2023, Frontier is the world's fastest supercomputer. It is based on the Cray EX and is the successor to Summit (OLCF-4). Frontier achieved an Rmax of 1.102 exaFLOPS, which is 1.102 quintillion operations per second, using AMD CPUs and GPUs.Measured at 62.86 gigaflops/watt, Frontier topped the Green500 list for most efficient supercomputer, until it was dethroned in efficiency by Flatiron Institute's Henri supercomputer in November 2022.

 Design 
Frontier uses 9,472 AMD Epyc 7A53s "Trento" 64 core 2 GHz CPUs (606,208 cores) and 37,888 Radeon Instinct MI250X GPUs (8,335,360 cores). They can perform double precision operations at the same speed as single precision."Trento" is an optimized 3rd Gen EPYC CPU ("Milan"), which is based on the Zen 3 microarchitecture.
It occupies 74 19-inch (48 cm) rack cabinets. Each cabinet hosts 64 blades, each consisting of 2 nodes.
Blades are interconnected by HPE Slingshot 64-port switches that provides 12.8 terabits/second of bandwidth. Groups of blades are linked in a dragonfly topology with at most three hops between any two nodes. Cabling is either optical or copper, customized to minimize cable length. Total cabling runs 145 km (90 mi). Frontier is liquid-cooled, allowing 5x the density of air-cooled architectures.Each node consists of one CPU, 4 GPUs and 4 terabytes of flash memory. Each GPU has 128 GB of RAM soldered onto it.Frontier has coherent interconnects between CPUs and GPUs, allowing GPU memory to be accessed coherently by code running on the Epyc CPUs.Frontier uses an internal 75 TB/s read / 35 TB/s write / 15 billion IOPS flash storage system, along with the 700 PB Orion site-wide Lustre filesystem.Frontier consumes 21 megawatts (MW), compared to its predecessor Summit's 13 MW. It has been estimated that the next US exascale system, Aurora, will consume around 60 MW.

 History 
The original design envisioned hundreds of thousands of GPUs and 150–500 MW of power. Oak Ridge partnered with HPE Cray and AMD to build the system.
The machine was built at a cost of US$600 million. It began deployment in 2021 and reached full capability in 2022. It clocked 1.1 exaflops Rmax in May 2022, making it the world's fastest supercomputer as measured in the June 2022 edition of the TOP500 list, replacing Fugaku.Upon its release, the supercomputer topped the Green500 list for most efficient supercomputer, measured at 62.68 gigaflops/watt. ORNL Director Thomas Zacharia said: "Frontier is ushering in a new era of exascale computing to solve the world’s biggest scientific challenges." He added: "This milestone offers just a preview of Frontier’s unmatched capability as a tool for scientific discovery. It is the result of more than a decade of collaboration among the national laboratories, academia and private industry, including DOE's Exascale Computing Project, which is deploying the applications, software technologies, hardware and integration necessary to ensure impact at the exascale."

 See also 
Climate model

 References 

Doug Traub
Douglas Childs Traub is an American marketing executive who specialized in managing destination marketing organizations (DMOs). He created a plan and raised funds to restore an historic railway station in North Carolina that now serves as the Fayetteville History Museum, and played a leading role in securing registration of the Surf City USA trademark for Huntington Beach, CA.

 Early life and education 
Traub was born on May 3, 1958, in New York City, the son of Mary Catherine (née Childs) and Ellis Traub Jr. He grew up in Nissequogue, New York. His parents moved to Miami, divorced and remarried in 1968. With encouragement from his stepfather, Gene Rodney LaNier, he earned the rank of Eagle Scout in 1971. He attended Miami Killian Senior High School, where he wrote for the student newspaper, The Cougar's Roar, graduating in 1975.
Traub earned a B.A. in journalism from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1979, the university where his stepfather graduated. During his undergraduate years, he was a disc jockey for Bacchae Disco on Franklin Street and the campus radio station, WXYC. Traub earned an M.B.A. in International Business/Marketing from Mercer University/Atlanta in 1990.
Traub was accredited (APR) by the Public Relations Society of America in 1984. He was named a Certified Destination Marketing Executive (CDME) by Destinations International in 2004.

 Professional marketing career 
During the first five years in his profession, Traub worked in advertising agency executive positions in New York City and Atlanta. His moved into corporate marketing jobs in 1984 and spent the next seven years working for companies including Equifax, Georgia-Pacific and NYNEX. In 1991, he joined Zoo Atlanta as marketing director.
Traub's destination marketing career began in 1993 as Director of the Jekyll Island Authority on Jekyll Island. In 1995, he moved to Fayetteville, NC to become President & CEO of the Fayetteville Area Convention & Visitors Bureau (now DistiNCtly Fayetteville) where he championed restoration of a historic railway station which now serves as the Fayetteville History Museum. "The project is the brainchild of Doug Traub, director of the county's Convention & Visitors Bureau. Traub will apply for a transportation grant for $3.8 million to cover 80 percent of the project." Traub was also responsible for writing a grant that funded the first segment of the scenic Cape Fear River Trail in Fayetteville.In 2001, Traub was selected as President & CEO of the Huntington Beach Conference & Visitors Bureau (now Visit Huntington Beach). He established the city's first integrated professional marketing program including an information kiosk at the foot of the Huntington Beach Pier, and the Surf City USA® brand supported by several trademark applications.With the help of surf music legend Dean Torrence of the American rock duo Jan & Dean, news about the trademark attracted significant media attention. A California State Senator introduced a resolution to name Santa Cruz as the official “Surf City USA" and local merchants filed a lawsuit to invalidate it. After nearly two years of legal wrangling, challenges to the trademark collapsed.Traub was named President/CEO of the Lake Havasu City Convention & Visitors Bureau (now Go Lake Havasu) in 2010. During his tenure, he pioneered numerous destination enhancements including a wayfinding signage system, the city's distinctive logo and the “Play Like You Mean It” brand. On June 16, 2014, a British tabloid, The Sun, published a false story claiming the London Bridge was being torn down. Traub demandied a retraction. The news was picked up by publications around the globe. Within a matter of weeks, the story was removed from circulation and The Sun printed a correction.After seven years, Traub resigned. He moved to the Tampa Bay Area in 2016 as Pasco County’s first Director of Tourism and quit three months later.

 Personal life 
Traub married Elisa Larsen (born in 1961) on March 8, 1986; they had a daughter, Catherine, and divorced in 2007. On October 13, 2020, Traub married his college sweetheart, Carol Vipperman (born 1959) on the 40th anniversary of the day they once intended to marry. He now serves as a consumer advocate on the Pasco County Construction Board.

 References 

 External links 
Doug Traub's LinkedIn profile

Horagalles
In Sami shamanism, Horagalles, also written Hora Galles and Thora Galles and often equated with Tiermes or Aijeke (i.e. "grandfather or great grandfather"), is the thunder god. He is depicted as a wooden figure with a nail in the head and with a hammer, or  occasionally on shaman drums, two hammers.

 Characteristics and functions 
Idols of Horagalles are made of wood and have a nail or spike and a piece of flint in the head. He has a hammer called Wetschera, Aijeke Wetschera, or Ajeke veċċera, "grandfather's hammer."Horagalles is the god of the sky, thunder and lightning, the rainbow, weather, oceans, and lakes and rules over human life, health and wellbeing. He punishes "hurtful demons" or "evil spirits" (i.e., trolls) who frequent the rocks and mountains; he destroys them with his lightning, shoots them with his bow, or dashes their brains out with his hammer. The rainbow is his bow, "Aijeke dauge".

 Horagalles depicted on Sami shaman drums 
On Sami shaman drums Horagalles is occasionally depicted with a sledgehammer in one hand and a cross-hammer in the other, or symbolized by two crossed hammers. He made thunder and lightning with one hammer and withdrew them with the other to prevent harm to the Sami or their animals.

 Name and relationship to other gods 
The name Horagalles does not occur in older dictionaries of Sami languages, for instance in the mid-19th century. He is often equated with Tiermes; in 1673 Johannes Scheffer, who did not use the name Horagalles, wrote that when Aijeke thundered, he was called Tiermes. There is considerable regional variation in the names; Horagalles (with its various spellings, including Thoragalles) is characteristically southern Sami, and the rainbow is referred to by a variety of names referring to thunder.Early scholars noted the similarities between Horagalles and the Norse thunder-god Thor and that some Sami called him Thoron or simply Thor, and were unsure which had influenced which. But the name Horagalles is now interpreted as a loanword from the Old Norse Þórr Karl, "the Old Man Thor," "Thor, the Elder," or "Thor fellow," "Thor Karl" (possibly from Norwegian Torrekall), or Swedish Torsmannen, "the thunder man."Horagalles' consort is called Ravdna, and the red berries of the rowan tree are sacred to her. The name Ravdna resembles North Germanic names for the tree, such as Old Norse reynir, and according to the Prose Edda book Skáldskaparmál, the rowan is called "the salvation of Thor" because Thor once saved himself by clinging to it. It has therefore been theorized that the Norse goddess Sif, Thor's wife, was once conceived of in the form of a rowan to which Thor clung.

 Tiermes 
Tiermes is a Sami god of thunder and rain, also called Aijeke or Ajeke and often identified with Horagalles.
Tiermes is god of the sky and thunder and lightning, the rainbow, weather, oceans, and lakes and rules over human life, health, and well-being. He protects people and their animals from "hurtful demons" and "evil spirits" (i.e., trolls). According to the mid-18th century Cérémonies et coutumes religieuses de tous les peuples du monde, "Thiermes or Thoron" is the first in a trinity, of whom the other members are Storjunkare and Baivre or Jumala. He is also called Aijeke, "grandfather" or "great-grandfather"; in 1673 Johannes Scheffer wrote that when Aijeke thundered, he was called Tiermes.The names of the god vary considerably between regions, with Tiermes and variants being commonly used among northern Sami and Horagalles and variants among southern Sami, The word "dierpmis" could be a loanword from a pre-finno-ugric substrate language.

 Pajonn 
Pajonn is a Sami god of thunder. Other name and spelling variants include Bajann, Pajǟn and Pajanolmai, found in Finnish as Pajainen, all derived from the word pad'd'i, meaning "above". According to Zacharias Plantin, Pajonn is an alias of Doragass, which in turn is a distorted version of Horagalles.

 See also 
Buga

 References 

 Further reading 
Axel Olrik. "Nordisk og lappisk gudsdyrkelse." Danske Studier 1905, pp. 39–63. (in Danish)
Axel Olrik. "Tordenguden og hans dreng i lappernes myteverden." Danske Studier 1906, pp. 65–69. (in Danish)

Lyndhurst School District
The Lyndhurst School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade from Lyndhurst, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.As of the 2021–22 school year, the district, comprised of nine schools, had an enrollment of 2,540 students and 197.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.9:1.The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.

 Schools 
Schools in the district (with 2021–22 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
PreschoolCommunity School with 156 students in grades K-2
Michael Rizzo, principalElementary schoolsColumbus School with 104 students in grades K-2
Robert Giangeruso, principal
Franklin School with 177 students in grades K-2
Jennifer Scardino, principal
Memorial Campus with 72 students in grades K-2
Christina Bernardo, principal
Washington School with 157 students in grades K-2
Christina Bernardo, PrincipalUpper elementary schoolsJefferson School with 233 students in grades 3-5
Joseph Vastola, Principal
Roosevelt School with 306 students in grades 3-5
Peter Strumolo, Principal
Lyndhurst Middle School with 616 students in grades 6-8
Michael Rizzo, PrincipalHigh schoolLyndhurst High School with 789 students in grades 9-12
Laura Vuono, principal

 Administration 
Core members of the district's administration are:
Joseph A. DeCorso, superintendent of schools
James Hyman, business administrator and board secretary

 Board of education 
The district's board of education, comprised of nine members, sets policy and oversees the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district.

 References 

 External links 
Lyndhurst School District
School Performance Reports for the Lyndhurst School District, New Jersey Department of Education
School Data for the Lyndhurst School District, National Center for Education Statistics

2024 in Philippine television
The following is a list of events affecting Philippine television in 2024. Events listed include television show debuts, finales, cancellations, and channel launches, closures and rebrandings, as well as information about controversies and carriage disputes.

 Events 

 January 
January 1
Aniplus and K-Plus have ceased its broadcast in the Philippines by Cignal and SatLite due to the termination of contract agreement between Omnicontent Management, Inc. (the exclusive Philippine pay TV distributor) and Plus Media Networks, Pte. Ltd. as they were not agree on both sides for the renewal terms and conditions on its channel carriage.
Broadcast Enterprises and Affiliated Media terminated Advanced Media Broadcasting System's All TV on BEAM TV's digital subchannel line-up via Channel 31 due to the expiration of its licensing agreement with the network. Meanwhile, the network continued to air on VHF Channel 2 (analog) and UHF channel 16 (digital), Cignal, G Sat, Sky Cable (until February 26) and other cable and satellite providers, while BEAM TV launched Blast Sports on their digital subchannel line-up on January 17.
Cignal terminated three channels: MTV 90s, MTV Live and Outdoor Channel on its line-up due to the expiration of Cignal's contract with the said networks. Meanwhile, MTV 90s, MTV Live and Outdoor Channel continued to air on Cablelink, Sky Cable (until February 26) and other cable and satellite providers.
G Sat terminated six channels owned by Warner Bros. Discovery Asia-Pacific: Cartoon Network, Cartoonito, Cinemax, CNN International, HBO and WarnerTV as they were not agree on both sides for the renewal terms and conditions on its channel carriage. Meanwhile, Cartoon Network, Cartoonito, CNN International, Cinemax, HBO and WarnerTV continued to air via Cignal, Cablelink, Sky Cable (until February 26) and other cable and satellite providers.
January 2 - Cignal terminated Telenovela Channel on its line-up due to the expiration of their contract with the said network. Meanwhile, the channel continued to air on Sky Cable (until February 26) and other cable and satellite providers until its closure on March 1.
January 5 - The lawyers of TVJ Productions were served the December 22, 2023 decision of the Marikina City Regional Trial Court Branch 273 ordered GMA Network and TAPE Inc. to stop infringing upon the trademarks to the variety show, Eat Bulaga!. The decision resolved a copyright infringement and unfair competition complaint filed against TAPE and GMA, which continued to use the title even after the original hosts Tito Sotto, Vic Sotto, and Joey de Leon and other hosts left the show on May 31, 2023. This development paved the way for TVJ Productions to resume the use of the title and drop the interim title E.A.T. on January 6. On the same day, GMA Network and TAPE Inc debuted their new noontime show, Tahanang Pinakamasaya pending a planned appeal of the trial court decision. 
January 6 - ABS-CBN Entertainment officially renamed to ABS-CBN Studios.
January 15 - After 22 years, GMA Network's primetime evening block "GMA Telebabad" formally renamed to "GMA Prime" in conjunction with the back-to-back premiere of Love. Die. Repeat. and Asawa ng Asawa Ko on its respective time slots.
January 18 - I-Witness celebrated its 25th anniversary on Philippine television.
January 20 - Lance Aceron of Quezon City was hailed as the first ever Mr. Cutie: Boys Got Talent Grand Winner on Eat Bulaga!.
January 22 - One Sports (owned by Nation Broadcasting Corporation, a subsidiary of MediaQuest Holdings under PLDT Beneficial Trust Fund) has switched its airing of aspect ratio format quality on the channel feed and its programming to widescreen format (16:9) as being converted its mitigation of reception through channel 41 (digital), cable and satellite providers at exactly 8:00 a.m. after 23 years on the usage of broadcast video picture resolution that migrated from fullscreen format (4:3).
January 23 - The Government of the Philippines (Presidential Communications Operations Office) through the subchannel of People's Television Network launched Congress TV on channel 14 (digital) replacing RTVMalacañang.
January 27
Rea Gen Villareal of Caloocan City was hailed as Tawag ng Tanghalan Year 7 Grand Champion on It's Showtime.
The Boobay and Tekla Show celebrated its 5th anniversary on Philippine television.
January 31
After nearly 9 years of broadcasting, CNN Philippines ended its operations on channel 9 and cable and satellite providers at 10:00 p.m. as Nine Media Corporation and CNN decided not to renew their license agreement due to financial losses as well as poor ratings of the network and loss of advertisers' support. On February 1, the channel officially rebranded as RPTV which featured some programs from its several content providers (TV5 and One Sports) on the said network after MediaQuest Holdings through TV5 Network, Inc. and Cignal TV and Radio Philippines Network entered the airtime lease agreement on December 22, 2023 and sealed a landmark collaboration on February 6.
After 3 years and 5 months, Solar Learning ended its digital terrestrial broadcast by Southern Broadcasting Network through their subchannel lineup and Cablelink at 11:00 p.m.

 February 
February 1
Cignal celebrated its 15th anniversary as a Philippine satellite television and IPTV provider.
After 3 years and 8 months, One PH was removed on TV5's digital subchannel line-up via Channel 18 and was replaced by RPTV. Meanwhile, the channel continued to air on Cignal and SatLite.
February 2 - People's Television Network celebrated its 50th anniversary of television broadcasting.

 Upcoming 

 February 
February 14 - TV Patrol Weekend will celebrate its 20th anniversary on Philippine television.
February 25 - Tutok 13 will celebrate its 5th anniversary on Philippine television.
February 27 - After 32 years and a month, Sky Cable is set to cease its cable television service by Sky Cable Corporation at 12:00 m.n. following its transition into internet service provider due to the PLDT-SKY acquisition deal. Following the closure, Chinese Entertainment Channel and HLN is also set to cease broadcast operations while several channels will continue to air on other cable and satellite providers. Meanwhile, Converge Vision is exploring options to expand its IPTV service to filling the void left by Sky.

 March 
March 1 - After 12 years and 5 months, Telenovela Channel is set to cease broadcast by Beginnings at Twenty Plus, Inc. due to permanent discontinuation of its telecast by the content provider.
March 15 - 24 Oras will celebrate its 20th year in Philippine television.

 June 
June 1 - Reporter's Notebook will celebrate its 20th anniversary in Philippine television.
June 12 - The Philippines' leading Pinoy movie pay TV channel, Cinema One will celebrate its 30th anniversary of broadcasting in cable television.

 July 
July 30 - Eat Bulaga! will celebrate its 45th anniversary on Philippine television.

 October 
October 1 - CBN Asia will celebrate its 30th anniversary of television production.
October 24 - It's Showtime will celebrate its 15th anniversary on Philippine television.

 November 
November 7 - Kapuso Mo, Jessica Soho will celebrate its 20th year anniversary on Philippine television.

 December 
December 6 - Unang Hirit will celebrate its 25th anniversary as the longest-running morning news broadcasting and talk show on Philippine television since it began in 1999.

 Unknown (dates) 
G Sat, Cignal & SatLite will launch TeleRadyo Serbisyo and ABS-CBN News Channel on their line-up after the closure of Sky Cable.
After its soft launch on September 13, 2022, Advanced Media Broadcasting System's All TV will make its official launch.
Philippine Collective Media Corporation plans to launch a national television network in collaboration with several other content providers including ABS-CBN Corporation (where PCMC's owner Martin Romualdez, who is Leyte 1st District Representative and House Majority Floor Leader, voted one of the 70 representatives to reject the network's renewal broadcast franchise on July 10, 2020).
TAP Digital Media Ventures Corporation is set to launch and distribute Paramount+ as a content hub on the Blast TV service in June after the latter signed content licensing and distribution agreement with Paramount Global Content Distribution.
Warner Bros. Discovery Asia-Pacific is set to rebrand the HBO Go service as Max in the Southeast Asian region.

 Debuts 

 Major networks 

 A2Z 

The following are programs that debuted on A2Z:

 Upcoming 
February 17: The Voice Teens (season 3)

 No definite date 

 Re-runs 

 GMA 

The following are programs that debuted on GMA Network:

 Upcoming 

 No definite date 
 A Lifetime With You
Agency
Beauty Newbie
Curtain Call
Doctor Detective
Encantadia Chronicles: Sang'gre
The Heavenly Idol
Hidden Love
Lilet Matias: Attorney-at-Law
My Guardian Alien
Pulang Araw
Royal Doctor
Running Man Philippines (season 2)
Shining Inheritance (Philippine adaptation)
Stealer: The Treasure Keeper
The Voice of the Philippines (season 3)
Widows' War

 Re-runs 

 TV5 

The following are programs that debuted on TV5:

 Upcoming 
February 17: The Voice Teens (season 3)

 No definite date 
Lumuhod Ka Sa Lupa

 Re-runs 

Notes^ a  Originally aired on Kapamilya Channel^ b  Originally aired on A2Z

 State-owned networks 

 PTV 

The following are programs that debuted on People's Television Network:

 Upcoming 

 IBC 

The following are programs that debuted on IBC:

 Upcoming 

 Minor networks 
The following are programs that debuted on minor networks:

 Upcoming 

 Re-runs 

 Other channels 
The following are programs that debuted on other channels: 

 Upcoming 
February 11: Negosyo Goals (season 3) on GTV
February 17: The Voice Teens (season 3) on Kapamilya Channel

 No definite date 
A Lifetime With You, Encantadia Chronicles: Sang'gre, Pulang Araw, The Voice of the Philippines (season 3), and Widows' War on GTV and Pinoy Hits
It's Okay to Not Be Okay (Philippine adaptation), Pamilya Sagrado, Pinoy Big Brother (season 11) and What's Wrong with Secretary Kim (Philippine adaptation) on Kapamilya Channel
Lilet Matias: Attorney-at-Law, My Guardian Alien, Running Man Philippines (season 2) and Shining Inheritance (Philippine adaptation) on Pinoy Hits
Lumuhod Ka Sa Lupa on Sari-Sari Channel

 Re-runs 

 Upcoming 
February 10: Home Along Da Riles on Jeepney TV1
February 12: Man of Vengeance on Heart of Asia2
February 19: Bagani on Jeepney TV1
February 26: Tubig at Langis on Jeepney TV1Notes^ a  Originally aired on ABS-CBN
^ b  Originally aired on GMA
^ c  Originally aired on TV5
^ d  Originally aired on Cine Mo!
^ e  Originally aired on Yey!
^ f  Originally aired on S+A (now defunct)
^ g  Originally aired on GMA News TV (now GTV)
^ h  Originally aired on Jeepney TV
^ i  Originally aired on Sari-Sari Channel
^ j  Originally aired on Hero (now defunct)
^ k  Originally aired on ETC (now Solar Flix)
^ l  Originally aired on Jack TV (now defunct)
^ m  Originally aired on 2nd Avenue (now defunct)
^ n  Originally aired on CT (now defunct)
^ o  Originally aired on Studio 23 (now defunct)
^ p  Originally aired on Q (now GTV)
^ q  Originally aired on RPN (now RPTV)
^ r  Originally aired on Fox Filipino (now defunct)
^ s  Originally aired on Kapamilya Channel
^ t  Originally aired on Metro Channel
^ u  Originally aired on Asianovela Channel (now defunct)
^ v  Originally aired on NBN (now PTV)
^ w  Originally aired on Knowledge Channel
^ x  Originally aired on CNN Philippines
^ y  Originally aired on A2Z
^ z  Originally aired on GTV
^ aa  Originally aired on IBC
^ ab  Originally aired on ABC (now TV5)
^ ac  Originally aired on Solar Flix

 Video streaming services 
The following are programs that debuted on video streaming services:

 Upcoming 

 No definite date 
What's Wrong with Secretary Kim (Philippine adaptation) on Viu

 Returning or renamed programs 

 Major networks 

 State-owned networks 

 Minor networks 

 Other channels 

 Video streaming services 

 Programs transferring networks 

 Major networks 

 State-owned networks 

 Minor networks 

 Other channels 

 Video streaming services 

 Milestone episodes 
The following shows made their Milestone episodes in 2024.

 Finales 

 Major networks 

 A2Z 
The following are programs that ended on A2Z:

 Scheduled 
February 11: Everybody, Sing! (season 3)

 Stopped airing 

 GMA 
The following are programs that ended on GMA Network:

 Scheduled 
February 17: Dear SV

 Stopped airing 

 TV5 
The following are programs that ended on TV5:

 Scheduled 
February 11: Everybody, Sing! (season 3)

 Stopped airing 

 State-owned networks 

 PTV 
The following are programs that ended on People's Television Network:

 Scheduled 

 Stopped airing 

 IBC 
The following are programs that ended on IBC:

 Scheduled 

 Stopped airing 

 Minor networks 
The following are programs that ended on minor networks:

 Scheduled 

 Other channels 
The following are programs that ended on other channels:

 Scheduled 
February 9: My Husband in Law on GTV
February 9: Juan Happy Love Story on Heart of Asia
February 11: Everybody, Sing! (season 3) on Kapamilya Channel
February 23: The Greatest Love (rerun) on Jeepney TV
February 29: Love to Death (rerun), Road to Destiny (rerun), Sortilegio (rerun) and Wild Lands (rerun) on Telenovela Channel

 Stopped airing 

 Miscellaneous 

 Video streaming services 

 Scheduled 

 Stopped streaming 

 Networks 

 Launches 
The following are a list of free-to-air and cable channels or networks launches and closures in 2024.

 Stations changing network affiliation 
The following is a list of television stations that have made or will make noteworthy network affiliation changes in 2024.

 Rebranded 
The following is a list of television stations or cable channels that have made or will make noteworthy network rebrands in 2024.

 Closures 
The following is a list of stations and channels or networks that have stopped broadcasting or (permanently) off the air in 2024.

Notes^1 : via Sky Cable until February 26

 Stopped broadcasting 
The following is a list of stations and channels or networks that have stopped broadcasting or (temporarily) off the air in 2024.

 Services 
The following are a list of television operators or providers and streaming media platforms or services launches and closures in 2024.

 Launches 

 Rebranded 
The following is a list of streaming providers that have made or will make noteworthy service rebrands in 2024.

 Closures 

 Deaths 
The following personalities who died in 2024:

JanuaryJanuary 12 – Hansen Nichols (b. 1983), former contestant of Pinoy Dream Academy
January 13 – Mario Bautista (b. 1946), columnistFebruaryFebruary 3
Roldeo Endrinal (b. 1963), head of ABS-CBN's production unit, Dreamscape Entertainment
Augusto "Jake" Almeda Lopez (b. 1928), former vice-chairman of ABS-CBN

 See also 
2024 in television

 References 

National symbols of Scotland
The national symbols of Scotland are the objects, images, or cultural expressions that are emblematic, representative, or otherwise characteristic of Scotland or Scottish culture. As a rule, these national symbols are cultural icons that have emerged from Scottish folklore and tradition, meaning few have any official status. However, most if not all maintain recognition at a national or international level, and some, such as the Royal Arms of Scotland, have been codified in heraldry, and are established, official, and recognised symbols of Scotland.

 Flags 

 Heraldry 

 Music 

 Anthems 

Flower of Scotland is popularly held to be the national anthem, and is played at events such as football and rugby matches involving the Scotland national teams, and as of 2010 is used for the Scottish team at the Commonwealth Games.
Scotland the Brave
Scots Wha Hae
A Man's A Man for A' That
Freedom Come-All-Ye

 Cultural 

 Flora and fauna 

 Food and drink 

 People 

See also the 16 people in the Hall of Heroes at the Wallace Monument in Stirling. For a nineteenth century list of over 600 people see the Biographical Dictionary of Eminent Scotsmen.

 Miscellaneous 

 See also 
Tartan
List of tartans

 References 

Charles-Eusèbe Casgrain
Charles-Eusèbe Casgrain (December 28, 1800 – February 29, 1848) was a lawyer and political figure in Lower Canada.
He was born at Rivière-Ouelle in Lower Canada in 1800, the son of merchant Pierre Casgrain, and studied at the Petit Séminaire de Montréal, Petit Séminaire de Québec and the Séminaire de Nicolet. He articled in law with Louis Moquin at Quebec City and was called to the bar in 1824. In the same year, he married Eliza Anne, the daughter of James Baby who was a judge and political figure in Upper Canada. Casgrain first set up practice at Quebec and then moved back to Rivière-Ouelle in 1827. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada for Kamouraska in 1830; he did not support the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Casgrain served on the Special Council which administered the province after the Lower Canada Rebellion. In 1846, he was named deputy commissioner of public works at Montreal.
He died at Montreal in 1848 and was buried at Rivière-Ouelle.
His son Charles-Eugène later became a member of the Canadian Senate and his son Philippe-Baby was a member of the House of Commons. His son Henri-Raymond  became a priest and historian. His daughter Suzanne married Charles Alphonse Pantaléon Pelletier who went on to serve in the Senate of Canada and to become Lieutenant-Governor of Quebec. His grandson Thomas Chase-Casgrain served in the Canadian House of Commons.

 References 
"Charles-Eusèbe Casgrain". Dictionary of Canadian Biography (online ed.). University of Toronto Press. 1979–2016.
"Biography". Dictionnaire des parlementaires du Québec de 1792 à nos jours (in French). National Assembly of Quebec.

 External links 
Works by or about Charles-Eusèbe Casgrain at Internet Archive

Big Thief
Big Thief is an American indie folk band based in Brooklyn, New York. Its members are Adrianne Lenker (guitar, vocals), Buck Meek (guitar, backing vocals), Max Oleartchik (bass), and James Krivchenia (drums).The band's debut album, Masterpiece, was released on Saddle Creek Records in 2016. Their second studio album, Capacity, was released in 2017. In 2019, the band signed to 4AD and released two studio albums: U.F.O.F. in May 2019 and Two Hands in October 2019. Both albums received critical acclaim; U.F.O.F. was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards, and the song "Not", was nominated for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards. 
The band's fifth studio album, Dragon New Warm Mountain I Believe in You, was released in February 2022. A double album, it reached the top ten in the Netherlands and was also nominated for Best Alternative Music Album at the 2023 Grammys, while its second single "Certainty" was nominated for Best Alternative Music Performance.

 History 

 2013–2015: Early years 
Adrianne Lenker met Buck Meek at a show in Boston, and after meeting him again in Brooklyn as undergraduates, the pair began performing as a duo. They toured as a duo in 2013, and released two EPs, a-sides and b-sides, in 2014. In 2015, after performing for two years and developing a small grassroots following, they began looking for additional members to accompany them, and formed the band Big Thief with the arrival of Max Oleartchik, a bassist and longtime friend of Meek's. James Krivchenia joined the band later, originally as a sound engineer and then as a drummer. All four members of Big Thief attended the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts.

 2016–2018: Masterpiece and Capacity 
The band's debut studio album, Masterpiece was released on Saddle Creek Records on May 27, 2016. It received generally favorable reviews from critics; it has a rating of 79/100 on Metacritic. Bob Boilen from NPR wrote that Big Thief was "a band bound by great songs," and called the title track of Masterpiece "one of the best songs I've heard this year." Jillian Mapes, writing for Pitchfork Media, gave Masterpiece a rating of 7.7 out of 10 saying the songs on the album "sound cherry-picked over a lifetime of writing". Robert Christgau described the album's songs as being "fragile, noisy images of a love perpetually out of reach". Ben Salmon wrote in the Portland Mercury that on the album Big Thief "alternately sounds like an unearthed field recording ("Little Arrow"), a pop band with a broken heart's pulse ("Vegas"), and a classic, buzzy indie-rock outfit ("Interstate")."
On April 4, 2017, Big Thief premiered a new single "Mythological Beauty" on NPR. The next day the band released the single's official video and confirmed that the song would appear on their second studio album, Capacity. The full album was released on June 9 via Saddle Creek. Capacity received critical acclaim upon its release. On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from music critics, the album received an average score of 81 indicating "universal acclaim" based on 15 reviews.Capacity appeared on multiple album-of-the-year lists, including #1 on NPR's "Bob Boilen's Top Ten Album's of 2017". Boilen said, "I don't recall the last time I had the same band in my top five albums for two years in a row. But this year's Capacity (my No. 1 album) and last year's Masterpiece (my No. 4 album) did just that." Spin named Capacity #2 on their "50 Best Albums of 2017", citing the band's "open engagement with anguish in their bracing songs." The song "Mary" appeared on Pitchfork's 200 Best Songs of the 2010s list, at #44.

 2019–2020: U.F.O.F. and Two Hands 
U.F.O.F., the band's third studio album was announced on February 26, 2019. The album was recorded at Bear Creek Studio in Woodinville, Washington. On the same day they released the album's first single, its title track, "U.F.O.F.", and announced a new tour across America and in Europe. The band released two more singles, "Cattails" and "Century" ahead of the album release on May 3, 2019. U.F.O.F. received critical acclaim upon its release. It was called "Best New Music" by Pitchfork, scoring a 9.2 and came in at #33 on Pitchfork's 200 Best Albums of the 2010s list. At Metacritic the album received an average score of 87/100. In the first album's release week U.F.O.F. reached the top of Billboard charts, including the #1 position on Alternative New Artist Albums, Americana/Folk Albums, Top New Artist Albums, #2 placement for LP Vinyl Albums, #6 placement for Current Alternative Albums, #8 placement for Current Rock Albums, and #142 for Billboard Top 200 Albums. The band also had 3 sold out album release shows, one the night before the album release in LA  at The Fonda Theatre on May 2, another in LA on May 3 at The Bootleg Theater, and a third night in Brooklyn, NY at Elsewhere on May 5, 2019.
U.F.O.F. was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards.Big Thief released their fourth studio album, Two Hands on October 11, 2019. The album was recorded at Sonic Ranch in Tornillo, Texas, shortly after the recording of U.F.O.F. and is billed as its "Earth twin". The album's lead single "Not" was nominated for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards.

 2021–present: Dragon New Warm Mountain I Believe in You 
On August 10, 2021, the band released the songs "Little Things" and "Sparrow", both which were produced by Big Thief drummer James Krivchenia. "Little Things" was recorded with Shawn Everett at Five Star Studios in Topanga, California in October 2020. "Sparrow" was recorded with Sam Evian at Flying Cloud Recordings in the Catskills, New York in July and August 2020.On September 7, 2021, the band released a song "Certainty" followed by another song "Change", on October 6. They also announced plans for a North American tour in 2022.In the November 2021 issue of Mojo, Big Thief announced their plans to release a 20-track double album in early 2022. The album was recorded in four different locations across the United States after the band quarantined in the Vermont woods for two weeks in July 2020. Later that month the band confirmed the album's title Dragon New Warm Mountain I Believe in You and a February 11, 2022, release date.In June 2022, the band announced two concert dates in Oleartchik's hometown of Tel Aviv, Israel for July 6 and 7 of the same year. However, the announcement received backlash with criticism pertaining to the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. The band first released a statement defending their decision to perform in Israel, then eventually retracted their previous statement and canceled the concert dates. The cancellation was received with opposite backlash from the concert venue. The band previously performed at the venue in 2017.At the 65th Annual Grammy Awards, Dragon New Warm Mountain I Believe in You was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album and "Certainty" was nominated for Best Alternative Music Performance.In July 2023, the band released the single "Vampire Empire", which they had debuted in a live performance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert earlier in February of the same year.

 Band members 
Current members

Adrianne Lenker – vocals, guitar (2015–present)
Buck Meek – guitar, backing vocals (2015–present)
Max Oleartchik – bass guitar, upright bass, backing vocals (2015–present)
James Krivchenia – drums, backing vocals (2016–present)Former member

Jason Burger – drums (2015–2016)

 Discography 

 Albums 

 EPs 
Demos Vol. 1 (2020)
Live at the Bunker Studio (2021)

 Singles 

 Music videos 
"Masterpiece" (2016)
"Humans" (2016)
"Mythological Beauty" (2017)
"Red Moon" (2022)

 Notes 

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 

Official website

War and Peace (1956 film)
War and Peace (Italian: Guerra e pace) is a 1956 epic historical drama film based on Leo Tolstoy's 1869 novel of the same name. It is directed and co-written by King Vidor and produced by Dino De Laurentiis and Carlo Ponti for Paramount Pictures. The film stars Audrey Hepburn as Natasha, Henry Fonda as Pierre, and Mel Ferrer as Andrei, along with Oskar Homolka, Vittorio Gassman, Herbert Lom, Jeremy Brett, John Mills and Anita Ekberg in one of her first breakthrough roles. The musical score was composed by Nino Rota and conducted by Franco Ferrara.
War and Peace opened on August 21, 1956, to a mixed reception, with some reviewers critical with the film truncating much of Tolstoy's novel, and the casting of 50-year-old Henry Fonda as the 20-year-old Pierre Bezukhov. It received Academy Awards nominations for Best Director, Best Cinematography (Color), and Best Costume Design (Color). It was also nominated for four Golden Globes, including Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama (Audrey Hepburn), and won for Best Foreign Film.In his role as critic voter in the 2012 British Film Institute survey on the greatest films of all time, famed John Ford biographer Tad Gallagher chose War and Peace as one of the ten greatest movies of all time.In February 2020, the film was shown at the 70th Berlin International Film Festival as part of a retrospective dedicated to King Vidor's career.

 Plot 
In 1805, most of Europe is torn apart by Napoleon Bonaparte's drive to conquer more and more territory. In Moscow, many young men have joined the army, including Nicholas Rostov, the son of Count Ilya Rostov and his wife Nataly, and the brother of young Petya and the flighty but devoted Natasha. The Rostovs' friend Pierre, the illegitimate son of the ailing, wealthy Count Bezukhov, has recently returned from Paris and believes that Napoleon is a "cleansing force" who can establish equality and liberty.
Despite his pacifism, Pierre wishes Nicholas well and then visits his friend, army officer Dolokhov, a notorious rake. There, the comrades indulge in drinking games but are interrupted by Prince Andrei Bolkonsky, an officer of much finer character than Dolokhov. Andrei informs Pierre that his estranged father, who is near death, is calling for him, and Pierre goes to his father's mansion, where various relatives snub him. Their derision changes to hypocritical concern, however, after the old count dies and it is discovered that he has accepted Pierre as legitimate and named him his sole heir.
The scheming Hélène Kuragina immediately sets her sights on Pierre and soon he falls in love with her, while her father, Prince Vasily Kuragin, insinuates himself as the administrator of Pierre's vast estates. One day, Pierre runs into Andrei in the country as Andrei is escorting his pregnant wife Lise to his father's house. Andrei, who feels trapped by the clinging Lise, had earlier advised Pierre never to marry, and now Pierre refuses to accept his warnings. After Andrei takes Lise to live with his sister Mary and gruff father, Prince Nicholas Bolkonsky, he leaves for the front and is made an adjutant to the commander of the army, Field Marshal Mikhail Kutuzov. At the Battle of Austerlitz, Andrei attempts to rally the retreating men by grabbing their banner and rushing the enemy, but he is wounded and left for dead. While surveying the battlefield, Napoleon comes across Andrei and, admiring his courage, orders that he be tended to by his personal physician.
In Moscow, when Pierre learns that the Russians are suing for peace, Hélène persuades him to return to the country alone so that she can spend the season in the city, welcoming the soldiers. Nicholas comes home safely, much to the delight of Natasha. Meanwhile, Andrei returns to his family, just as Lise goes into labor. Although their son Kolya survives, Lise dies after giving birth, and the grieving Andrei blames himself for not offering her enough comfort and love. As time passes, Hélène begins a flirtation with Dolokhov, and when Pierre learns of the rumors about them, he insults Dolokhov and accepts his challenge of a duel. Although Pierre is woefully unskilled with firearms, he manages to shoot and wound Dolokhov, while the soldier's shot goes wide and Pierre is unharmed. Infuriated that he was provoked into acting in such an uncivilized manner, Pierre separates from Hélène and agrees to accompany the Rostovs to their country estate.
One day, while they are hunting, they meet Andrei, who is enchanted by Natasha. Later, Andrei dances with Natasha when she attends her first ball and realizes that he wants to marry her. Prince Bolkonsky urges Andrei to wait a year, as Natasha is so young and the Rostovs are not their social equals, but promises to consent if Andrei still wishes to marry her then. With Natasha's promise to wait for him, Andrei then joins the mission to Prussia, where Czar Alexander and Napoleon sign a peace treaty in June 1807. While Andrei is gone, however, Natasha is seduced by Anatole Kuragin, Hélène's brother, who is as cold-hearted and debauched as his sister. Even though he is secretly married, Anatole persuades Natasha to elope with him, but their plans are foiled by Natasha's cousin Sonya and Pierre, who threatens Anatole with exposure of his marriage if he ruins Natasha's reputation. Pierre's threats come too late, however, and soon all of Moscow is gossiping about Natasha, who falls ill after Andrei ends their relationship. After several months, she begs Pierre to convey her regret to Andrei, and Pierre, who is in love with her, assures her that she is blameless, and that if he were free, he would ask for her hand.
In 1812, Napoleon crosses the River Neman into Russia, despite the peace treaty. Faced with the superiority of the French Army, Kutuzov orders his men to retreat, and as they fall back, the soldiers and peasants set fire to the countryside so that the French will be without provisions. Although his officers protest his strategy, Kutuzov insists that the only way to save Russia is by letting the French wear themselves out. Soon the city of Smolensk is abandoned and Kutuzov decides to make a stand at Borodino. Determined to see war firsthand, to decide if his hatred of it is valid, Pierre travels to Borodino, where he finds Andrei's camp on the eve of the battle. Although Pierre urges Andrei to forgive Natasha, Andrei states that he cannot. The next morning, Pierre watches with mounting horror as the fighting rages around him and the French slaughter the Russians. Finally realizing that his hero is just a tyrant, Pierre damns Napoleon. Kutuzov then decides to fall back beyond Moscow, leaving the ancient capital city to the French.
In Moscow, the Rostovs are among the many families preparing to flee when some wounded Russian soldiers arrive, hoping to be billeted at their home after their departure. Natasha insists that the men cannot be left behind to be captured, however, and they are loaded into the Rostov wagons and taken to a distant village. Napoleon is infuriated to learn that the government has fled, leaving no one behind to surrender to him. Although Pierre lies in wait one day, hoping to assassinate the French emperor, he cannot do it and is taken prisoner. Meanwhile, Natasha has learned that Andrei is among the wounded in their care and reunites with him. While Pierre is befriended by a fellow prisoner, the peasant Platon, the Rostovs take Andrei to a monastery to convalesce. Andrei's wounds prove fatal, however, and he dies just after Mary and Kolya arrive to bid him farewell.
Napoleon realizes that he has been outmaneuvered by Kutuzov, and, fearing being trapped in Russia during the winter, orders his men to retreat. The prisoners, including Pierre and Platon, are forced to accompany the soldiers during their 2,000-mile (3,200 km) march, and many of them die. The Russian soldiers follow behind the French, allowing them little rest and picking off stragglers. Petya, who has joined the army against his parents' wishes, is sent with a dispatch to Dolokhov, ordering his platoon to join the main regiment. Eager for one last fight, Dolokhov insists on attacking the French the next morning and allows Petya to accompany him. Petya is killed during the engagement, and although Pierre is freed, he is too overcome by the boy's death to rejoice. Dolokhov informs Pierre that Hélène has died, and later, joins the other Russian soldiers as they attack the French, who are fleeing back across the Neman.
The Rostovs return to Moscow and find their mansion a burned-out shell, with only one wing remaining intact. Natasha rallies her family to make the best of what they have, however, and as the others settle in, Natasha sadly remembers happier times. She then sees Pierre in the doorway and rushes to embrace him. Telling him that he is like their house, which suffers and shows its wounds but still stands, Natasha kisses Pierre, and they walk together in the garden.

 Cast 

 Differences from the novel 
The film script had to be greatly condensed from the extensive original novel. It is primarily focused on Natasha, Pierre, and Andrei, their complex relationship and personal maturation on the backdrop of the historical events of the Napoleonic invasion.

In Moscow, most of the scenes take place at the Rostov residence, and episodes at the country estates are curtailed, with some exceptions such as the hunt where Natasha first meets Andrei. This is a condensation of two scenes at the Rostov country estate, since in the novel Andrei, who by then is already Natasha's fiancé, is not present at the hunt.
There are no scenes in St. Petersburg.
The relationship between Nicholas, Sonya and Maria is toned down.
Historical figures retained are General Kutuzov and Napoleon.
Minor battles are omitted, while Napoleon's crossing of the Berezina, not depicted in the novel, is added.
The concept of the inner dialogue is retained, notably in regard to Natasha, but the extensive use of French is not retained in the film.
Events of the epilogue are not included, nor are Tolstoy's discourses about history.

 Development 
British producer Alexander Korda announced interest in adapting Tolstoy’s novel for the screen as early as 1941, with Orson Welles directing, Merle Oberon and Agnes Moorehead, with a screenplay by Lillian Hellman. Korda's production was never realized, due to an inability to strike a deal with the Soviet government. In the 1950s, Mike Todd began actively pursuing a film adaptation, even arranging with Soviet and Yugoslavian officials for filming locations and the massive number of required extras, and hiring Fred Zinnemann to direct. The production was abandoned by Todd in order to focus on Around the World in Eighty Days.Italian producers Dino De Laurentiis and Carlo Ponti announced their film in October 1954. Initially, they approached Elia Kazan to direct and Gérard Philipe and Marlon Brando to star. When a deal with Kazan couldn’t be reached, De Laurentiis tentatively announced Mario Camerini as his replacement, before King Vidor was eventually hired.

 Production 

 Casting 
Audrey Hepburn, who was one of the biggest female film stars in the world at the time, was cast as Natasha after previous favorite Jean Simmons turned it down. Todd had previously attempted to hire her for his failed adaptation, but she signed with De Laurentiis and Ponti after they offered a record salary of $350,000. The contract gave Hepburn a fair amount of creative control, including the hiring of costume fitter Hubert de Givenchy and makeup artist Grazia De Rossi. She also facilitated the hiring of her husband Mel Ferrer as Andrei, the only time the couple would co-star on-screen together. Because Hepburn was under contract to Paramount Pictures and Associated British Picture Corporation at the time, the two companies were given the respective US and UK distribution rights in exchange for Hepburn’s services.Vidor wanted either Paul Scofield or Peter Ustinov as Pierre, but both suggestions were rejected by De Laurentiis, who thought neither actor was "marketable". Gregory Peck, Montgomery Clift, Stewart Granger, Richard Burton, and Marlon Brando were all considered. Henry Fonda, who was eventually cast in the part, was widely thought to be too old to play the role (he was 50 at the time, playing a character 30 years his junior). He later stated he regretted taking the part, only doing so because of the money and because he was a fan of the novel. He claimed that the script he was given was very different from the one used during filming, which was heavily revised by Vidor.Arlene Dahl was originally cast as Helene, but she fell ill shortly before filming and was replaced by Anita Ekberg, who was borrowed from Batjac Productions. The film proved to be Ekberg's breakthrough and helped lead to her international stardom.Fredric March was originally cast as Field Marshal Kutuzov, but was replaced before filming by Oskar Homolka, who would be nominated for a BAFTA for his performance. Valentina Cortese, Gino Cervi, and Massimo Serato were all attached in 1955 but were dropped at some point before filming started.

 Writing 
War and Peace has six credited screenwriters, an unusually high number for a mainstream film, even in 1956. The first draft of the screenplay was five hundred six pages, roughly five times the size of an average screenplay.
Contemporaneous sources claim that Irwin Shaw was one of the writers, but insisted his name be stricken from the credits after he learned that Vidor's wife, Elizabeth Hill, rewrote much of the dialogue. Vidor also made extensive rewrites during filming. Uncredited contributors to the final script included Jean Aurenche, Pierre Bost, Sergio Amidei, Gian Gaspare Napolitano, and second-unit director Mario Soldati.

 Filming 
The film was shot primarily at Ponti-De Laurentiis and Cinecittà Studios in Rome, as well as at locations in Rome, Turin, and Sardinia. More than 100,000 uniforms, costumes and hairpieces required for the film were reproduced from original, contemporary drawings. About 18,000 Italian military personnel were used as extras in the film's large-scale battle scenes, which caused some controversy in parliamentary circles. The battle scenes, which were primarily directed by Mario Soldati, employed sixty-five physicians, dressed as soldiers and scattered throughout the location, to take care of any extras or stuntmen who might get injured during filming of the scenes.
Fonda repeatedly clashed with De Laurentiis during filming over the characterization of Pierre. De Laurentiis, who had apparently never read the novel, insisted Pierre be played as a more conventional romantic, heroic lead and insisted he not wear eyeglasses. Fonda claimed that De Laurentiis would go into fits of screaming rage whenever he saw him wearing glasses, which led to him wearing them only whenever De Laurentiis wasn't present on set.

 Post-production 
Swedish actresses Anita Ekberg and May Britt had all their dialogue re-dubbed during editing due to their accents being considered too strong. Several of the supporting Italian actors were likewise dubbed.
The Italian version was dubbed completely, supervised by Enrico Maria Salerno and Vittorio Gassmann.

 Reception 

 Box office 
By January 1957, War and Peace had earned $6.25 million in box office rentals from the United States and Canada. De Laurentiis felt that Paramount improperly handled distribution and that it should have made two or three times as much. By April 1958, it had earned over $6 million in France, Italy and Germany. It was one of the most popular films of all time in Italy with admissions of 15.7 million.

 Critical reaction 
Abel Green of Variety praised the film as a "rich contribution to the art form of the picture business in the best tradition. It is an entertainment and educational force and a production powerhouse on size and stature values alone. It is big in the biggest sense of the cinematurgical art and, in this alone, there is a payoff." Harrison's Reports wrote the "picture, technically, is a masterpiece. The massiveness of the sets, the gigantic cast of thousands, the costuming, the surge of vast military forces in conflict, the burning of Moscow, the disastrous retreat of Napoleon's conquering hordes in the midst of a brutal and paralyzing Russian winter --- all this and more is depicted in a way that impresses one with the fact that millions of dollars had gone into the making." Bosley Crowther of The New York Times praised the film as "massive, colorful and exciting as anything of this sort we've ever seen". However, he felt the characters were "second-rate people, hackneyed and without much depth. You view them with an objective interest as they do their parade across the screen, giving off little more personal vibrance than the nameless soldiers in the massive scenes of war."Time magazine wrote that the film adaptation was not faithful enough of Tolstoy's novel, and the "inevitable result is a telescoping of scenes and a hopscotching through the plot that scatters attention from one leading character to another." Of the actors, the magazine praised Audrey Hepburn, and remarked "Henry Fonda's leanness at first seems all wrong for the massive, moonfaced, soul-tortured Pierre. But Fonda builds beautifully into his part, using a physical clumsiness as a counterpoise to his soaring spirit, making his rages seem the more terrible since they flash out from passivity." Alternately, Edwin Schallert of the Los Angeles Times felt Fonda was miscast because "he seems like an anti character in his behavior on the battlefields. He is actually the symbolic figure of peaceful thinking in the story, and represents the heroine's lasting romance." Hollis Alpert, reviewing for Saturday Review, stated the adaptation "is only intermittently interesting and that aside from making a sort of pictorial sour-mash of the original work it is not particularly good movie-making."Rotten Tomatoes reports that 50% of 10 reviews were positive, with an average rating of 5.9/10.The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:

2005: AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores – Nominated
2008: AFI's 10 Top 10:
Nominated Epic Film

 Accolades 

 Legacy 
Upon its release there in August 1959, the film inspired the Soviet Union to produce a film adaptation of Tolstoy's novel, directed by Sergei Bondarchuk (who played Pierre Bezukhov) and co-starring Vyacheslav Tikhonov and Ludmila Savelyeva as Prince Andrei Bolkonsky and Natasha Rostova. This four-part adaptation is critically acclaimed for its realistic battle scenes, for which it won an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

 See also 
List of American films of 1956
List of Italian films of 1956
War and Peace - 1941 opera composed by Sergei Prokofiev
War and Peace - 1966-67 film series directed by Sergei Bondarchuk
War and Peace - 1972 TV 20-part BBC Production
War and Peace - 2007 TV 4-Part French-Italian mini series
War & Peace - 2016 British-American TV mini series, BBC and A&E Production

 References 

 External links 

War and Peace at IMDb 
War and Peace at AllMovie 
War and Peace at Rotten Tomatoes 
War and Peace at the American Film Institute Catalog 
War and Peace at the TCM Movie Database

S Club 8
S Club 8 (originally S Club Juniors) were a spin off of the British pop group S Club 7. The group's members, Jay Asforis (now Perry), Daisy Shelvey, Calvin Goldspink, Stacey McClean, Aaron Renfree, Hannah Richings, Frankie Sandford and Rochelle Wiseman were all in their early teens or younger when they were chosen from thousands of hopefuls on the television series S Club Search in 2001.
The group was originally intended only as a support act at Wembley Arena on S Club 7's S Club Carnival Tour. The group also had its own documentary series, S Club Juniors: The Story.

 History 

 2001–2002: Formation and Together 

S Club Juniors was formed in 2001 through a reality television show and originally consisted of ten members. Original member Connor Daley left the group soon after, as he received an offer from a performing arts school. The youngest member Marcell Peters left to pursue other projects, but made appearances on some CBBC shows such as Blue Peter in the early 2000s. . The auditions were aired on CBBC. S Club Juniors' appearances were considered a success by 19 Entertainment, the management company that had created S Club 7 and auditioned S Club Juniors. Consequently, it was decided they should perform as a support act at all of the venues on the tour. The juniors made their first television appearance on Children in Need on 16 November 2001. By the end of the tour, S Club Juniors had created a following and, with the encouragement of 19, Polydor Records signed the group. Their first single was called "One Step Closer". It was promoted by the TV series S Club Junior: The Story and released in the UK on 22 April 2002 in a chart battle with the Sugababes who released their comeback single the same day. Although the Juniors remained number one in the midweek charts, the single dipped over the weekend and managed to sell 73,000 copies, compared to the Sugababes' 85,000. The Juniors stayed at number two for a second week selling a further 60,000 copies, compared to Holly Valance's 143,000. In excess of 250,000 copies were sold in the UK in total and they stayed in the UK top 75 for 11 weeks.
The group began working on their studio album in June 2002. A video for the second single, "Automatic High", was filmed in Spain, while S Club 7 began their fourth TV series. Released on 22 July 2002, the single reached number two in the UK charts selling 52,000 copies, and spent eight weeks inside the UK top 75 and sold in excess of 110,000 copies in the UK. The third single, "New Direction", was released on 10 October reached number two in the UK charts selling 55,000 copies in the first week. It became their third consecutive top ten hit, selling 130,000 copies in six weeks. The Juniors released their debut album Together on 21 October reaching number five in its first week of sale and selling 40,000 copies. Their fourth single, "Puppy Love/Sleigh Ride", was released on 9 December 2002. The single debuted at number six in the UK charts, and sold 85,000 copies in the UK, spending eight weeks inside the UK Top 40. The song was also used in the 2003 film Love Actually.

 2003–2004: Sundown, "I Dream" and split 
The group joined S Club on their S Club United tour in April 2003 where the announcement came of a name change to S Club 8 and a fifth single, "Fool No More". The single was released on 30 June and reached number four in the UK chart, selling 26,000 copies in its first week and overall 75,000 copies in the UK. A second single, "Sundown", was released in the UK on 29 September 2003 reaching number four in the UK and became their sixth and final top ten hit and selling 37,000 copies in its first week and 80,000 altogether. The album, Sundown, was released on 13 October 2003 and reached number 13 in the UK charts, falling to number 40 in the second week. Despite selling a total of 60,000 copies in the UK and 315,859 worldwide, the record company perceived the album as a failure. In a review for BBC Music, Jack Smith stated that some of Sundown's tracks, "come across as brattier, livelier, younger relatives of... S Club('s)", and that "the album only really flags when the '8 attempt to do more grown-up songs". The third single, "Don't Tell Me You're Sorry", was released on 29 December 2003 in the UK where it reached number 11, becoming the band's first single to chart outside the top ten.
Unlike the S Club 7 shows which focused upon the group's fictional exploits, I Dream saw S Club 8 as members of a larger ensemble cast. I Dream revolved around the summer school Avalon Heights, run by Professor Toone (played by Christopher Lloyd of Back to the Future fame), where the characters tried to improve on their talents in the performing arts. The show featured many songs and dances: normally two songs per episode. . On 15 November 2004, the show's theme tune "Dreaming" was released as a single, sung by members Frankie and Calvin. The single charted at number 19, falling to 36 the following week, then out of the UK top 40. On 29 November 2004 an album titled Welcome to Avalon Heights was released, containing songs from the show performed by S Club 8 members and the rest of the cast. The album debuted at number 133, having sold around 700 copies. The following week, it left the chart entirely.The group disbanded in late 2004. In 2020 band mate Jay Asforis hosted a series of Instagram live conversations with his former fellow band mates, in his conversation with Daisy Evans she recalled her memories of the bands split explaining that after I Dream was filmed, the band (along with their parents) where told by 19 Entertainment the programme would be aired however following this the band would be shelved for a while and their tutoring would be stopped advising them to go back to school. Stacey McClean also mentioned her memories of the split explaining she was told the “lease was up” on the house she shared with fellow band mates Hannah Richings, Aaron Renfree and Calvin Goldspink and following her move back home was told she would hear about “future projects” however nothing was mentioned and the group never reformed.

 Present: Reunion 
After S Club 7 announced their reunion tour in 2023, rumours quickly spread that S Club Juniors would accompany them on their Good Times Tour, however these rumours were debunked by members Stacey and Aaron during an Instagram live Q&A. Members expressed an interest in partaking in a reunion, Frankie Bridge stating "it would be fun wouldn't it".

 Members 
Jay Asforis (born 30 October 1989, 34 years old) did not appear at the S Club Juniors auditions, instead sending a video tape of himself to S Club 7 who allowed him through to the final auditions. He trained at The Susi Earnshaw Theatre School and attended Roding Valley High School. From March 2018, Asforis starred as the leading role of Berry Gordy in the West End production of 'Motown: The Musical' in Shaftesbury Theatre, London. As of November 2019, Asforis can be seen as standby for the roles of Alexander Hamilton and Marquis de Lafayette/Thomas Jefferson in Hamilton at the Victoria Palace Theatre. In 2023, Jay joined the cast of Back to the Future: The Musical as Mayor Goldie Wilson.
Daisy Evans (born 30 November 1989, 34 years old): from early 2007, Evans was a member of five-piece female group, From Above. After touring the UK and a series of line-up changes, in September 2008 they were signed by Beyoncé's father Mathew Knowles and Music World Records. The group moved to America to work on their debut album, documented on the MTV reality show, Breaking From Above. A music video for debut "Not The Same Girl" was released on 2 December 2011. The single and the album, Breaking From Above was released on 12 December. They then arrived for the "Boot camp" stages for The X Factor, but were rejected. In 2013 Evans became engaged to footballer Jonjo Shelvey. They went on to marry in June 2015. The couple's first daughter named Lola arrived on 4 March 2014. Evans gave birth to the couple's second daughter named Alba, on 31 May 2016. In July 2020 during an instagram live with bandmate Jay Asforis, Evans announced she was expecting her third child, a boy later that year. Her son Jorgio was born on 4 November 2020.
Calvin Goldspink (born 24 January 1989, 35 years old): At the age of 12, Goldspink auditioned for S Club Juniors. He later went on to appear in the only season of Life is Wild for the CW network in 2007. Goldspink has previously recorded in different cities such as Los Angeles, New York City and London. His song 'Don't Fail Me' has featured on various adverts for shows such as Glee, Jersey Shore, Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta, and it also featured on Love Is Blind  season 1 episode 9 as part of their soundtrack. He also auditions for acting roles. He has worked as a talent booker for the Peppermint Club in Los Angeles. He started a production company called a Mighty Lamb and later on he formed Breaking Sound a music company which helps artists trying to break into the music industry showcase their talents. Breaking Sound hosts a number of showcases in cities across the world including Los Angeles, New York City, Auckland, Sydney, Tel Aviv and many more. There is now also a Breaking Sound radio station, TV station and Breaking Sound record label. On 15th April 2023 it announced that Breaking Sound would be partnering with Dos Hombres founded by Breaking Bad stars Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston, He married Melissa Caballero on 5 March 2015 in Florida. They currently live in Los Angeles. On 22 February 2020, his wife Melissa gave birth to their first child a daughter named Aya Goldspink at the Cedars-Sinai in Beverly Hills Los Angeles.On 25th April 2022 they welcomed their second daughter Nova Goldspink who was born at the Cedars-Sinai in Beverly Hills Los Angeles.
Stacey McClean (born 17 February 1989, 34 years old) is from Blackpool, Lancashire. She appeared on series 6 of The X Factor in 2009 and made it to the Top 6 Girls. McClean is married to former footballer Fraser Franks and has a daughter named Nellie (b.2019)
Aaron Renfree (born 19 December 1987, 36 years old) was not originally selected to be a part of S Club Juniors but joined two days later. He was the oldest member of S Club 8 and starred in I Dream but did not appear in every episode due to studying for his GCSEs at the time of filming. After S Club 8 split in 2004, Renfree went back to college and trained at Laine Theatre Arts where he graduated with a National Diploma in Musical Theatre. He then went on to become a part of the original cast of 'Flashdance' the Musical which toured the UK in 2008/09 followed by his West End debut in 'We Will Rock You' 09/10 His dance career then furthered as he started dancing commercially working with the likes of Taylor Swift, Little Mix, Kylie Minogue, Sean Paul, Take That, Fleur East, Olly Murs, JLS, Alexandra Burke, Kimberly Wyatt & Adam Garcia. Plus TV shows such as X Factor, Britain's Got Talent, The Voice, The Brits and Royal Variety. Renfree is also very passionate about choreography and not long finished choreographing Eugenius! the musical in London. He has also worked with numerous music artists such as Matt Terry, The Saturdays, Nadine Coyle, Jack Hawitt and also on the X Factor Tours where he was also assistant show director. Renfree has choreographed the Professionals On Ice tours which lead him onto working with Torvil & Dean in Panto and then onto Dancing On Ice on ITV. Renfree was also on screen choreographer for The Greatest Dancer on BBC1 and worked with Maddie & Mackenzie Ziegler on the UK Tour.
Hannah Richings (born 30 November 1990, 33 years old) was not originally selected to be a part of S Club Juniors but she joined two days later when Simon Fuller said he didn't want to go ahead without Richings being a part of the group. Richings was the youngest member of S Club 8, and also a cast member on I Dream. She was never given a distinct solo during her time in the group, but had solo parts in two unperformed songs which were recorded as b-sides for the singles Sundown and Automatic High (Hannah performed on "Wherever Your Heart Beats" and "We Got You" respectively). She also had a solo in the song, "Here We Go", which was not released commercially but appeared on a free CD with a summer S Club Juniors magazine special. Alternatively, Richings would add high harmonies to the verses occasionally and choruses. Richings is married to Phil Blackford and they have four children two boys and two girls, Finley Jay (b. 2010) Poppy May (b. 2012), Oscar Joe (b. 2015), Pippa Flo (b. 2020)
Frankie Sandford (born 14 January 1989, 35 years old) was the group's more prominent singer. She attended Hall Mead School, in Upminster, and already knew Rochelle Wiseman, a few years before they both got in S Club Juniors. In 2007 Sandford added two tracks to a MySpace music page, called Bored and Swallow. Later on that year she auditioned for and was accepted into The Saturdays, along with Wiseman, and they toured with Girls Aloud in May 2008 as the support act for the Tangled Up Tour. The group's first single, "If This Is Love", was released on 28 July 2008 and reached number eight in the UK. They also released "Up", "Issues", "Just Can't Get Enough" for Comic Relief and "Work". They have so far released 4 albums to critical and commercial success. On 9 October 2008, Sandford appeared as a guest on Never Mind the Buzzcocks on Phill Jupitus' team. In 2010, Sandford appeared as a featured artist in the Kids in Glass Houses' song "Undercover Lover" from their album, Dirt. Since December 2010 Sandford has been in a relationship with footballer Wayne Bridge. Sandford announced her engagement to Bridge on 8 April 2013 via Twitter. Their first child was born on 18 October 2013, a son, Parker. She gave birth to the couple's second child, another son, Carter, on 15 August 2015. She took part in, and finished runner-up in, the 2014 series of Strictly Come Dancing, partnered with professional dancer Kevin Clifton.
Rochelle Wiseman (born 21 March 1989, 34 years old) was a member of S Club 8 and a cast member on I Dream. She is half Jamaican. She attended Coopers Company and Coborn School in Upminster, and already knew Frankie Sandford, a few years before S Club Juniors. During her time in the group Wiseman had a stint as presenter on the BBC children's programme Smile. She is also part of pop-group the Saturdays along with Frankie Sandford. In February 2007, Wiseman appeared briefly on the BBC Two quiz show Never Mind The Buzzcocks as part of the show's regular Identity Parade feature, where contestants guess which person out of a lineup of five was featured in an old music video played only to the audience and viewers. The team, consisting of Bill Bailey, Russell Howard and Romeo Stodart (from the band The Magic Numbers), correctly picked Wiseman from the lineup. On 22 October 2009, Wiseman appeared as a guest on Never Mind the Buzzcocks on Phill Jupitus' team. Wiseman modelled for Love Me Love My Clothes (LMLC) and also took part in the Miss England contest, finishing in third place. In late October 2006 Wiseman was a member of a group called The TigerLilys, who had a MySpace page displaying two tracks. The group disbanded without being signed by a label or releasing any material commercially. Wiseman joined girl group The Saturdays, with whom she has achieved 13 UK top ten singles and 4 UK top 10 albums. Wiseman has been in a relationship with JLS member Marvin Humes since March 2010. They got engaged on 31 December 2011 and married on 27 July 2012 at Blenheim Palace. She is now professionally known by her married name, Rochelle Humes. On Twitter, on 22 November 2012, Rochelle announced she was expecting her first child, due in 2013. She gave birth to a daughter named Alaia-Mai Humes on the morning of 20 May 2013. Rochelle welcomed her third child, a son named Blake Hampton, born on 9 October 2020.

 Discography 

Together (2002) (credited as S Club Juniors)
Sundown (2003) (credited as S Club 8)
Welcome to Avalon Heights (2004) (credited as I Dream)

 Filmography 

 Concert tours 
Co-headliningS Club United (2003) (with S Club)Opening actS Club 7: Carnival Tour (2002) (S Club 7)

 References 

 External links 
S CLUB JUNIORS on Twitter 
I Dream at IMDb 
S Club 8 World

Buddy (1997 film)
Buddy is a 1997 American biographical comedy-drama family film written and directed by Caroline Thompson, produced by Jim Henson Pictures and American Zoetrope, and released by Columbia Pictures on June 6, 1997. It starred Rene Russo as Mrs. Gertrude "Trudy" Lintz and Robbie Coltrane as her husband.
The film was based on the life of a gorilla called Massa with elements of Gertrude Lintz's other gorilla Gargantua (who was called "Buddy" at the time). In real life, Massa became the oldest gorilla on record until 2008, while Buddy/Gargantua died young as a circus attraction and his remains are now on display in a museum.
The gorilla suit used for Buddy was created by Jim Henson's Creature Shop.

 Plot 
Set in the 1930s, eccentric millionaire Trudy is an animal lover who is not apologetic about it.
Trudy takes her two newly arrived chimpanzees Joe and Maggie to the movies, causing lots of stares. Returning home to her grand estate, she greets her varied animals: kittens, horses, a cheeky talking green parrot, her prize-winning champion pack of briards, a raccoon, a porcupine, a tortoise and a flock of geese.
Dr. Bill Lindz, Trudy's amiable husband, calls her to the phone. After the call she explains to Dick, their animal handler, he is solely in charge of the animals until the evening, and she drives off to Philadelphia.
There, finding a sickly baby gorilla, Trudy whisks him home, adding to their family. Bill determines that Buddy, as she names him, has severe pneumonia. Life resumes in the Lintz household, while Trudy plies him to take a bottle. The chimpanzees cause a mischievous ruckus in the kitchen, which she ends using a type of rattle that scares them.
Not having luck finding information about gorillas, Trudy travels to see Professor Spatz, who claims knowledge of them from travel to Congo, but can give her no true insight. She marches home, determined to raise Buddy similarly to the chimpanzees, as her own son.
Buddy finds life in the city very difficult to deal with. Trudy discovers that he, unlike the chimpanzees, dislikes baths. He does not like sharing Trudy either. As he grows he gets stronger, making him hard to control. The chimpanzees often get up to mischief, thanks to Maggie's skill at getting the key, unlocking their cages.
A couple come to visit the mansion, the man convincing Trudy to bring the apes to show  in the Chicago World's fair. Bill tries to get her to leave Buddy at home, foreseeing problems. The chimpanzees, now there are a few more, are a great hit. However, naughty Maggie unlocks Buddy's cage. He has a particularly bad experience, as he gets disoriented. The noises, plethora of people and unfamiliar things unsettle him. The fair empties from fear of him.
Buddy has constant flashbacks of the incident, leaving him traumatised and making things even harder for him at home. After he goes on an aggressive rampage, causing a lot of damage to their home, Trudy finally takes Buddy to an ape sanctuary to live among his own kind in peace.

 Cast 
Rene Russo as Gertrude "Trudy" Lintz
Robbie Coltrane as Dr. Bill Lintz
Alan Cumming as Dick Croner
Irma P. Hall as Emma
Paul Reubens as Professor Spatz
John Aylward as Mr. BowmanDane Cook cameos as a cop at the Chicago World's fair. Buddy operated by Peter Elliott (adult Buddy), Lynn Robertson Bruce (juvenile Buddy), Peter Hurst, Mark Sealey (toddler Buddy), Michelan Sisti, Leif Tilden, Star Townsend, Robert Tygner, and Mak Wilson (facial controls). Buddy's vocal effects provided by Hector C. Gika, Gary A. Hecker, and Frank Welker.

 Production notes 
Rene Russo began rehearsals with the chimpanzees a month before principal photography even started.
The story is loosely based on a real life socialite from the 1920s who raised animals in her mansion to protest inhumane zoo conditions.

 Reception 
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 26% based on reviews from 19 critics, with an average rating of 5.5/10.Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film two out of four stars, and wrote: "One of the peculiarities of the film is the vast distance between the movie they've made and the movie they think they've made."Entertainment Weekly gave it a grade C+.The film was criticized for its unrealistic animatronics, especially when compared to the real ape performers.
In spite of the film's message, animal rights activists objected to the depiction of chimpanzees as docile pets, happily carrying on wearing human clothes. Among their concerns, was the perpetuation of the idea of chimps as acceptable pets.

 References 

 External links 
Buddy at the American Film Institute Catalog
Buddy at IMDb 
Buddy at AllMovie
Buddy at Box Office Mojo

Daniel Wise (American football)
Daniel Wise (born January 16, 1996) is an American football defensive tackle for the Michigan Panthers of the United Football League (UFL). He played college football at Kansas and signed with the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2019.

 Early years 
Wise attended Hebron High School, where he was a starter at defensive tackle. As a junior, he tallied 77 tackles, one forced fumble and one fumble recovery. As a senior, he posted 49 tackles (33 solo), 5 sacks and 14 quarterback hurries. 

 College career 
Wise accepted a football scholarship from the University of Kansas. As a freshman, he appeared in 12 games (7 starts), while making 26 tackles (5.5 for loss), 3.5 sacks, one pass breakup and one blocked kick.
As a sophomore, he started 11 games at defensive tackle, totalling 38 tackles, 3 sacks, one pass breakup and 2 blocked kicks. He had 8 tackles and 4 tackles for loss against Ohio.
As a junior, he started at 12 games, registering 53 tackles, 7 sacks (led the team), 16 tackles for loss (led the team), 5 quarterback hurries, one pass breakup and one fumble recovery. He had 5 tackles and 4 tackles for loss against Southwest Missouri Satte.
As a senior, he started 11 games, recording 34 tackles, 5 sacks and 12.5 tackles for loss. He had 8 tackles (one for loss) against Nicholls. He made 5 tackles and 2 sacks against West Virginia. He had 5 tackles (3 for loss) and one sack against the Texas.

 Professional career 

 Dallas Cowboys 
Wise was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent after the 2019 NFL Draft on April 30. He was waived on August 31, 2019, and was signed to the practice squad. On December 30, 2019, Wise was signed to a reserve/future contract. He was waived on March 18, 2020.

 Arizona Cardinals 
On October 28, 2020, Wise was signed to the Arizona Cardinals practice squad. He was released six days later.

 Washington Football Team / Commanders 
On January 12, 2021, Wise signed a reserve/futures contract with the Washington Football Team. He was released on August 31, 2021, but re-signed to the practice squad the following day. He was elevated to the active roster for the team's Week 3 game against the Buffalo Bills, and reverted back to the practice squad following the game. Washington signed Wise to their active roster on November 16, 2021. He suffered a knee injury in Week 15 and was placed on injured reserve on December 24.Wise re-signed with the team on March 17, 2022. He played in 11 games before being waived on December 31, 2022.

 Kansas City Chiefs 
On January 4, 2023, Wise was signed to the Kansas City Chiefs practice squad. He was released on January 17. He was signed again on February 3, to a reserve/future contract. He was waived on August 29, 2023.

 Michigan Panthers 
On December 19, 2023, Wises signed with the Michigan Panthers of the United States Football League (USFL).

 Personal life 
Wise is the son of former Canadian Football League and Arena Football League player Deatrich Wise and the brother of Deatrich Wise Jr.

 References 

 External links 

Washington Commanders bio
Kansas Jayhawks bio

Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama
The Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama is a Golden Globe Award that has been awarded annually since 1944 by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA). Since its institution in 1943, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association is an organization of journalists who cover the film industry in the United States, but are affiliated with publications outside North America.
When the awards were introduced, there was a single category for Best Picture. Starting with the 9th Golden Globe Awards, the Golden Globes split the Acting and Best Picture awards into Drama and Musical or Comedy categories. Since 1951, the only time the awards were reunified was in 1953.This award goes to the producers of the film. In the following lists, the first titles listed are winners. These are also in bold and in blue background; those not in bold are nominees.
The years given are those in which the films under consideration were released, not the year of the ceremony, which always takes place the following year.

 1940s 

 1950s 

 1960s 

 1970s 

 1980s 

 1990s 

 2000s 

 2010s 

 2020s 

 See also 
BAFTA Award for Best Film
Academy Award for Best Picture
Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Picture
Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Producers Guild of America Award for Best Theatrical Motion Picture
Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture

 References 
Specific
General

Microsoft Gaming
Microsoft Gaming is a multinational video game and digital entertainment division of Microsoft. Microsoft Gaming produces the Xbox brand of video game consoles and services, in addition to overseeing the production, game development, publishing, research and development, sales (hardware, software, and services) of Xbox and the division's three subsidiaries (publishers) worldwide. The three subsidiaries consist of: Xbox Game Studios, ZeniMax Media (Bethesda Softworks acts as publisher), and Activision Blizzard (publishing split between Activision, Blizzard Entertainment, and King), each publish games under their own respective labels. CEO Phil Spencer, who has concurrently overseen the Xbox brand since 2014, is the leader of the division.
Prior to 2022, Microsoft had several areas of video game-related product lines, including Xbox hardware, Xbox operations, and game development studios. Microsoft Gaming was created in 2022 with the announcement of Microsoft's plans to acquire Activision Blizzard to unify all of Microsoft's gaming groups within a single division. With the completion of the Activision Blizzard acquisition in 2023, Microsoft Gaming makes Microsoft the third-largest gaming company worldwide by revenue and the largest video game employer in the United States.Intellectual property owned by the company include some of the most widely popular and best-selling and highest-grossing media franchises of all time, including Call of Duty, Minecraft, Halo, Warcraft, The Elder Scrolls, and Candy Crush.

 History 

 Pre-Microsoft Gaming (2001-2021) 
Up through 2000, Microsoft had only a limited number of video game publishing efforts. With the announcement of the first Xbox in 2000 and its release in 2001, Microsoft established a division for internal development of video games for the Xbox and Windows, then known as Microsoft Game Studios (MGS). The Xbox hardware remained a separate division within Microsoft. After Steve Ballmer's departure as Microsoft's CEO, Microsoft investors attempted to exert pressure on the company to either sell or shut down its gaming business. However, these efforts did not gain significant traction. Microsoft's gaming division, including products such as the Xbox console, has remained a strategic focus for the company. Under the leadership of Satya Nadella, who assumed the role of CEO in 2014, Microsoft has continued to invest in and expand its presence in the gaming market. Since 2009, Microsoft's games operations, including Xbox division, are located at Microsoft West Campus.MGS made a number of acquisitions of studios to help build out the Xbox software library over its first decade, including Bungie, Lionhead Studios, and Rare while establishing internal studios 343 Industries for Halo development and Turn 10 Studios for Forza games. In 2014 after Satya Nadella was promoted to CEO (combined with the ascension of Phil Spencer to head of Xbox), Microsoft embarked on a new acquisition strategy, starting with the acquisition of Mojang Studios, the developer of Minecraft, for $2.5 billion. Between 2014 and 2019, MGS also acquired several high profile studios, including Ninja Theory, Playground Games, Obsidian Entertainment and inXile Entertainment. These acquisitions were aimed to help position MGS as the company's premier first-party development house comparable to PlayStation Studios for Sony.
Microsoft launched Xbox Game Pass in 2017, marking a pivotal year in which the company reevaluated its strategy to focus on a service-based business model rather than exclusive titles. This strategic shift allowed Microsoft to distinguish itself from other console manufacturers. By prioritizing a service-oriented business model with the Xbox Game Pass, Microsoft differentiated its approach from traditional console strategies that often relied heavily on exclusive game titles to attract users. Instead of competing solely based on exclusive content, Microsoft aimed to offer a broader value proposition to gamers through a subscription service that provided access to a vast library of games. In 2017, Spencer was named Executive Vice President, Gaming at Microsoft.In 2019, as part of a larger branding, MGS was renamed to Xbox Game Studios (XGS) as to align with the Xbox hardware branding, and further acquired Double Fine. Microsoft acquired ZeniMax Media for $8.1 billion in 2020, the parent company of id Software, MachineGames, Arkane Studios, publisher Bethesda Softworks and others, to further expanding its portfolio of game development studios. ZeniMax remained a separate entity from XGS from its acquisition though overseen by Spencer.

 Founding and Acquisition of Activision Blizzard (2022–present) 

Microsoft announced its proposed acquisition of Activision Blizzard for $68.7 billion in cash on January 18, 2022. Simultaneously, Microsoft announced that Xbox Game Studios, ZeniMax Media and Activision Blizzard will fall under Microsoft Gaming, Microsoft's newly formed gaming division. Microsoft Gaming CEO Phil Spencer stated that one of the primary reasons for acquiring Activision Blizzard is to enter the mobile gaming market. Meanwhile, Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick mentioned that they accepted the offer to access more talent, capitalize on the growing demand in the gaming industry, and to compete with rising gaming companies from China and Japan. Microsoft Gaming has entered into several 10-year agreements with gaming companies including Sony, Nintendo, Nvidia, Boosteroid, and Ubitus to bring Call of Duty to their respective platforms over the next decade. Additionally, Microsoft Gaming sold Activision Blizzard's cloud gaming rights to Ubisoft for 15 years due to regulatory pressure from the acquisition of Activision Blizzard. After several regulatory challenges, the deal was closed on October 13, 2023. The total cost of the acquisition amounted to $75.4 billion. This made Microsoft the third largest publisher of video games after Tencent and Sony Interactive Entertainment. On the day the acquisition was announced, Phil Spencer formed the Microsoft Gaming business, taking over as CEO, while Matt Booty headed Xbox Game Studios. Spencer's role includes all Microsoft's global interactive entertainment business across all devices and services.Shortly after completion of the Activision Blizzard acquisition, Microsoft further reorganized Microsoft Gaming. In this move, the Xbox hardware line was brought into Microsoft Gaming led by Sarah Bond. Matt Booty was made president of game content and studios, which includes oversight of XGS and ZeniMax, while Activision Blizzard also remained directly under Spencer, with Bobby Kotick remaining as CEO until the start of 2024 to help with the transition. Microsoft Gaming announced that Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick will leave the company on December 29, 2023. Following Bobby Kotick's departure, Activision Blizzard has undergone organizational changes to realign with Microsoft Gaming. Vice chairman of Activision Blizzard, Thomas Tippl; President of Activision, Rob Kostich; President of Blizzard Entertainment, Mike Ybarra; and President of King, Tjodolf Sommestad, now report to Matt Booty, President of Game Content and Studios. The leadership teams at Activision, Blizzard Entertainment, and King remain unchanged. Other Activision Blizzard executives like Brian Bulatao, CAO, reports to Dave McCarthy, while Julie Hodges, CPO, now reports to Cynthia Per-Lee, corporate vice president of gaming human resources. Grant Dixton, CLO, reports to Linda Norman, corporate vice president of gaming. Armin Zerza, CFO, continues reporting to Tim Stuart, corporate vice president of finance. Thomas, Brian, Julie, Grant, and Armin are slated to assist with the transition until March 2024. Executive vice president of corporate affairs and CCO Lulu Meservey departed Activision Blizzard on January 31, 2024.Microsoft Gaming laid off 1,900 staff (approximately 8% of its workforce) in January 2024. Additionally, Blizzard's president Mike Ybarra and Blizzard's co-founder and chief design officer Allen Adham left the company. Blizzard Entertainment reportedly is the organization that is most affected by layoffs. Project Odyssey, a game that Blizzard Entertainment has reportedly been working on for six years, has been cancelled. Toys for Bob and Sledgehammer Games reportedly lost over 30% of their staff due to layoffs. Microsoft Gaming also reportedly laid off the entire internal customer support team of Activision Blizzard and the team dedicated to bringing Xbox games to physical retail. Johanna Faries, the former general manager of the Call of Duty franchise, officially took on the role of the new president of Blizzard Entertainment on January 29, 2024, commencing her position on February 5. Simultaneously, Matt Cox assumed the position of the new general manager of the Call of Duty franchise.
In February 2024, The Verge and multiple other video game news outlets have reported that Microsoft Gaming is considering a pivot in strategy by releasing their first-party games on other third-party platforms, such as PlayStation 5 and Nintendo Switch. Some of the games mentioned to be released include Hi-Fi Rush, Starfield, Sea of Thieves, Indiana Jones and the Great Circle, the Gears of War series and others. Spencer addressed the rumors by announcing a business event during the week of February 12, 2024 to discuss the future strategy for Microsoft Gaming.

 Products 

 Video game devices and services 

Microsoft Gaming developes and produces the Xbox line of home gaming consoles along with associated peripherals. The company supports the consoles with online services, utilizing the base Xbox network. Since the late 2010s, Microsoft began combining its standard  paid subscription service, originally known as Xbox Live Gold, with Xbox Game Pass, which in addition to online multiplayer and matchmaking support, provides subscribers with a rotating library of games to play through the Xbox, on Windows computers, or through cloud gaming.

 Video games 

Among the video game franchises owned by Microsoft Gaming include Call of Duty, Minecraft, Halo, Warcraft, Diablo, StarCraft, Overwatch, The Elder Scrolls, Fallout, Crash Bandicoot, Spyro, Banjo-Kazooie, Killer Instinct, Perfect Dark, Doom, Wolfenstein, Quake, Dishonored, State of Decay, Pillars of Eternity, The Evil Within, Fable, Gears of War, Forza, Guitar Hero, Tony Hawk's, Microsoft Flight Simulator, Age of Empires and Candy Crush.

 Divisional structure 

 Executives 

 Business segments and strategy 
Microsoft Gaming's strategy in the video game industry is characterized by a commitment to inclusivity and accessibility. The company aims to reach a wider audience and meet different gaming preferences by publishing games on mobile, PC and Xbox platforms. At the center of Microsoft Gaming's strategy is the Xbox Game Pass subscription service. This service offers a variety of game libraries for a monthly fee, emphasizing a shift towards a content-first platform. Microsoft Gaming's chief financial officer (CFO), Tim Stuart, has asserted that Microsoft ceased disclosing the number of consoles sold in 2016 because their focus shifted towards content, services, and increased customer spending.Phil Spencer has expressed that his vision for Xbox has consistently aimed at shifting the brand's focus from being primarily console-centric to becoming a content-first platform, with a strong emphasis on prioritizing player engagement over sheer console sales. Phil Spencer expressed his viewpoint by stating that the essence of the business lies not in the quantity of consoles sold but in the number of players actively participating in and enjoying the games they acquire, as well as the manner in which they choose to engage with them.

 Game development and publishing 
Microsoft Gaming, as of October 2023, is the third largest video game publisher in the industry following Sony and Tencent. Microsoft Gaming owns three major video game publishers: Xbox Game Studios, ZeniMax Media (through Bethesda Softworks), and Activision Blizzard (which includes Activision, Blizzard Entertainment, and King). In addition, Microsoft Gaming also publishes third-party games with Xbox Game Studios Publishing and helps indie video game studios to self-publish their own games with ID@Xbox. Since Microsoft entered the video game industry in 2001, Sony has consistently been viewed as its main competitor. But, Microsoft Gaming has stated that their main competitors are big tech companies, specifically Amazon, Google and Apple.Among the gaming franchises owned by Microsoft, Minecraft is the best-selling video game of all time, with 300 million units sold, while Call of Duty is the 4th best-selling video game series of all time with 425 million units across multiple installments sold and $30 billion in revenue. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella announced that Microsoft Gaming now owns 12 franchises that have each generated over $1 billion in lifetime revenues. Candy Crush Saga alone generated $20 billion in lifetime revenue. Following the acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Microsoft Gaming doubled the number of video game employees, studios and its revenue with the addition of Activision Blizzard to the company. In 2023, during an interview with Famitsu, Phil Spencer announced that, leveraging Activision Blizzard's capabilities, they are now planning to release a first-party video game every three months. Phil Spencer also talked about how creative freedom is crucial for Microsoft Gaming, emphasizing that they will not compel a video game studio to create a sequel. Microsoft Gaming will support developers in making whatever they want.Microsoft Gaming's video game development business holds a strong position in the video game industry, regularly developing widely played titles. In certain video game genres such as first-person shooter (FPS) and role-playing games (RPG), Microsoft Gaming has held market dominance, owning popular FPS franchises like Call of Duty, Halo, Doom, Quake, Rage, and Overwatch, as well as RPG franchises such as The Elder Scrolls, Fallout, Fable, Wasteland, Pillars of Eternity, Warcraft, and Diablo. Starfield has become the biggest Bethesda game launch of all time. Eleven of the twelve best-selling video games released in the United States in the last thirteen years were from the Call of Duty franchise. Microsoft also has a strong presence in the real-time strategy (RTS) sub-genre, platformer genre and racing game genre with popular franchises such as Forza, Crash Bandicoot, Spyro, Banjo-Kazooie, Age of Empires and StarCraft Microsoft Gaming holds a significant position in the multiplayer gaming, serving as one of the leading publishers of multiplayer and live-service games along with Take-Two Interactive, Electronic Arts and Tencent. Popular multiplayer titles under Microsoft Gaming's umbrella include Sea of Thieves, Call of Duty: Warzone, Grounded, Fallout 76, World of Warcraft, Overwatch 2, Diablo IV, Halo Infinite, State of Decay 2, The Elder Scrolls Online, Hearthstone, Minecraft, and many others.Microsoft Gaming has had difficulties finding success in the third-person shooter (TPS) and single-player genre, finding it difficult to compete with industry leaders like Sony, Take-Two Interactive, Nintendo, Capcom, and Square Enix in this space. Despite intense efforts, the company faced difficulties in establishing itself and gaining the same level of recognition and market share as its competitors. This competitive landscape presented challenging obstacles that prompted Microsoft Gaming to re-evaluate their strategy and potentially explore other genres or approaches to improve their market position. Microsoft Gaming attempted to gain traction in the third-person single-player genre by developing titles like Gears of War, Quantum Break, Sunset Overdrive, Senua's Saga: Hellblade II, and Marvel's Blade. However, despite these efforts, the company continues to face challenges in competing successfully in this genre, struggling to match the market dominance of competitors such as Sony and Nintendo. The development of these high-profile games signals an earnest push into the genre, but Microsoft Gaming is still navigating difficulties in establishing a significant presence and capturing the attention of players in a highly competitive landscape.Microsoft Gaming has stated that its acquisition of Activision Blizzard reflects a strategic effort to tap into the growing Metaverse trend in the gaming industry. For Microsoft, the Metaverse concept involves creating social playgrounds where users can interact, similar to popular games like Grand Theft Auto V, Fortnite, and Roblox. Microsoft aims to incorporate strong social features and effective monetization strategies within games like Call of Duty, Minecraft and World of Warcraft to establish a competitive presence in the evolving landscape of virtual environments. According to Microsoft, this acquisition is not solely about expanding Microsoft's gaming portfolio but also about leveraging Activision Blizzard's established franchises to enhance the overall gaming experience. The move aligns with industry trends where companies are exploring ways to create immersive and interconnected virtual worlds, combining social interactions with in-game purchases. Microsoft has been observing the success of other Metaverse games. The company appears to be strategically positioning itself in the Metaverse trend, evident in its efforts to strengthen its gaming portfolio and explore opportunities for social interactions and monetization strategies within virtual environments. Microsoft's strategic positioning through acquisition of Activision Blizzard to play a significant role in shaping the future of gaming by integrating Metaverse elements into its gaming ecosystem. Microsoft Gaming plans to remain competitive in the evolving digital entertainment landscape.Phil Spencer emphasized that for the Xbox brand to remain relevant, it must establish its presence on mobile, PC, and console platforms simultaneously. With the acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Microsoft Gaming has become a significant player in the mobile gaming industry. It owns one of the largest mobile game developers and publishers, King, and publishes popular mobile games such as Candy Crush Saga, Fallout Shelter, Diablo Immortal, Warcraft Rumble and Call of Duty Mobile. Phil Spencer has reiterated multiple times that Microsoft Gaming desires to launch a new storefront in the mobile game industry to rival Apple and Google and break the mobile duopoly. In 2023, Bloomberg reported that Microsoft Gaming is in talks with video game publishers for a partnership to launch a mobile store aimed at competing with Google Play and App Store in the mobile gaming market.

 Xbox console hardware and software 
Microsoft entered the home video game console market in 2001 with release of the first-generation Xbox console, and since has manufactured three successive systems, as of 2023, as part of the Xbox brand. Microsoft's latest gaming hardware, the Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S, were released in November 2020. The Series X is a high-performance console with powerful hardware for native 4K gaming, while the Series S offers a more affordable option with a focus on digital gaming at lower resolutions. Xbox Series X/S consoles sold 21 million units in total by 2023. Phil Spencer emphasized that Microsoft Gaming is selling consoles at a loss, losing $200 per unit sold. However, Microsoft Gaming is compensating for this loss by taking a 30% cut from sales of third-party games on its platform.Microsoft and Sony have been longstanding rivals in the console hardware market since 2001. The competition reached a peak during the seventh console generation, with the Xbox 360 emerging as the primary competitor to Sony's PlayStation 3 (PS3). In the subsequent generation, Sony's PlayStation 4 (PS4) outperformed Microsoft's Xbox One, selling twice as many consoles. During the eighth generation of gaming consoles, the PlayStation 4 sold 117 million units, the Nintendo Switch sold 133 million units, and the Xbox One sold 58 million units. Sony's success is attributed to its exclusive game catalog and marketing techniques. Microsoft initially prioritized multimedia features over gaming capabilities; Sony has managed to exploit the perceptual gap. PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch have surpassed Xbox One due to their design and large portfolio of first-party games. In 2017, Xbox began rethinking its tactics and placing more emphasis on exclusive content and gaming-focused methods to better compete in the market. The Xbox Series X/S consoles continued to face challenges in competing against the Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 5 (PS5).The console gaming market is defined as the combined total of console hardware, console game content, and console subscriptions. As of 2023, with a 45% market share in PlayStation system hardware, games, and services, Sony remains the worldwide industry leader, followed by Nintendo with a 27.7% market share and Microsoft with a 27.3% market share. Sony has a 70% share of the global high-end console market, while Microsoft has a 30% market share as of 2023.At a bilateral trade discussion between the United States and Japan, United States senator Maria Cantwell from Washington raised concerns regarding what she perceived as a dominant market position held by PlayStation. The senator specifically highlighted the perceived monopoly by PlayStation and expressed support for Xbox as a competitive alternative. During a Senate Finance Committee hearing featuring U.S. Trade Representative Katherine Tai, Senator Cantwell highlighted concerns about high-end game market in Japan, asserting that PlayStation holds a 98% monopoly in this sector in Japan. Cantwell expressed disapproval of what was characterized as Sony's anti-competitive behavior facilitated by exclusive deals and payments to game publishers. The senator further criticized Japan Fair Trade Commission for purportedly neglecting to investigate Sony's conduct, referring to it as "exclusionary." Cantwell sought insights into how Japan aimed to establish a "level playing field" in response to these perceived issues.Microsoft Gaming manages numerous software services, including Xbox Game Pass, Xbox Cloud Gaming, Xbox Network, Microsoft Store, and Battle.net. The Xbox Network experienced substantial growth, with 120 million monthly active users as of December 2022, marking a notable increase from 46 million at the beginning of 2016. By January 30, 2023, the number of monthly active users had reached 200 million following the acquisition of Activision Blizzard.

 Xbox Game Pass and xCloud 
Microsoft created Xbox Game Pass in 2017. Xbox Game Pass is a subscription service that offers a vast library of games for a monthly fee. This includes a mix of first-party titles, third-party games, and titles available across PC and console platforms. The service has been praised for its value and has become a significant part of Microsoft's gaming strategy. In 2022, Microsoft announces Xbox Game Pass surpassed 25 million subscribers. Microsoft Gaming is investing over $1 billion in the gaming market annually to expand the Game Pass library by bringing in third-party games.Microsoft Gaming launched Xbox Cloud Gaming for Xbox Game Pass Ultimate subscribers on September 15, 2020. Xbox Cloud Gaming is Microsoft's cloud gaming service designed to allow users to play high-quality video games via streaming on a variety of devices. The service uses cloud technology to enable gaming on devices such as smartphones, tablets and PCs without the need for high-end hardware.

 Film and TV series production 
Microsoft Gaming oversees the management and licensing of esteemed gaming franchises, such as Halo, Fallout, and Minecraft. Microsoft Gaming also owns a motion picture production company Activision Blizzard Studios. The Halo franchise has been licensed to Paramount Global for the creation of a Halo TV series available on Paramount+. Simultaneously, the Fallout TV series is currently in development, with Amazon Prime Video is involved in its production. Additionally, Microsoft Gaming has announced its collaboration with Warner Bros. for the production of a Minecraft movie. Microsoft Gaming has expressed that these partnerships are aimed at bringing the beloved gaming universes to a wider audience through the medium of television.

 Public relations 

 Gaming events and transparency 
In terms of international engagement, Microsoft Gaming has actively participated in key gaming expos worldwide. The company has been a notable presence at events such as E3 and Summer Game Fest in the United States, Gamescom in Germany, Paris Games Week in France, the Tokyo Game Show in Japan, and CCXP in Brazil. They organizes major gaming conventions such as BlizzCon and QuakeCon, and also have other shows, including Developers Direct, Xbox Partner Preview, Xbox Games Showcase, Inside Xbox and Xbox X0.Phil Spencer emphasized that participating in large gaming expos and maintaining transparency is essential to connect with their business partners, fans, consumers and various gaming communities, showcase their latest innovations, and engage with fans on a global scale. Following the troubled launch of Redfall, Phil Spencer, in an interview with Kinda Funny Games, has apologized to the fans and pledged to provide a more robust roadmap for releasing high-quality games.

 Criticism and controversies 

 Monopolistic tendencies 
Microsoft Gaming has faced criticism from video game journalists and industry observers regarding its strategic acquisitions. The company's move to acquire major gaming publishers, including the notable purchase of ZeniMax Media and Activision Blizzard, has sparked debates about potential monopolistic tendencies. Critics argue that such acquisitions may concentrate too much power within Microsoft, raising concerns about healthy competition within the gaming industry. Various Video game journalists have criticized Microsoft Gaming of attempting to create a monopoly by acquiring two significant gaming publishers. The concern centers around the potential impact on market competition, with skeptics worrying that the consolidation of major titles under one umbrella might limit choices for gamers and stifle innovation.

 Mismanagement of gaming studios and layoffs 
There has been controversy surrounding Microsoft's mismanagement of their gaming studios. Following the failed launch of Halo Infinite and Redfall, critics have started to criticize Microsoft for this issue. There have been reports about Everwild and Perfect Dark also being in development hell. Most of the criticism was directed at Matt Booty, President of Game Content and Studios, for his past management of Xbox Game Studios division.Microsoft Gaming has faced criticism on multiple occasions for video game layoffs. In 2022, 343 Industries lost over 60 employees due to layoffs, leading to public criticism from several former 343 Industries employees regarding Microsoft's leadership and management policies. In 2024, Microsoft Gaming underwent another round of layoffs, with Microsoft laying off 1,900 employees. Additionally, during this time, Microsoft canceled Blizzard Entertainment's new game Project Odyssey, which also garnered criticism from fans and journalists.

 Toxic work environment 
In 2022, an investigation by Kotaku shed light on Undead Labs' studio environment that is plagued by sexism. The studio's new leader, Philip Holt, who succeeded Strain, and the then-Head of HR, Anne Schlosser, were both implicated in fostering this problematic culture. Following a Microsoft HR investigation, Schlosser was subsequently removed from her role. Despite her departure, the persisting toxic work environment led to a significant turnover of experienced staff. The amalgamation of these issues, coupled with a lack of a clear design direction, resulted in substantial delays in the development of State of Decay 3. Employees also pointed fingers at Microsoft for not promptly addressing reports of abuse, claiming that the company fell short of its diversity, equity, and inclusion objectives. There have also been concerns about whether Microsoft will address the toxic work environment at Activision Blizzard following the acquisition. Microsoft pledged to address the toxic workplace environment at Activision Blizzard after the acquisition.In June 2023, Microsoft and the Communication Workers of America (CWA) announced a labor neutrality agreement. This agreement enabled Activision Blizzard employees to freely establish a union, and Microsoft committed to recognizing and accepting that union.

 Subsidiaries and studios 
Microsoft Gaming has a major global presence and studios located across the world. Globally, Microsoft owns 40 studios and employs over 20,100 people. While the majority of Microsoft's gaming activities are based in the United States, the company has strategically expanded its reach internationally. This global approach allows Microsoft to collaborate with diverse talent and develop a wide range of gaming experiences for a global audience. In addition to the United States, Microsoft has established and acquired studios in various countries such as United Kingdom, Canada, Sweden, France, Spain, Mexico, Germany, Poland, China, Japan, Ireland, Malta, and Australia, contributing to the company's status as a key player in the worldwide gaming industry. In the United Kingdom alone, Microsoft Gaming owns four video game development studios and employs over 1,000 people. Playground Games, Rare, Ninja Theory, and King are among the studios owned by Microsoft in the UK. In Canada, Microsoft Gaming owns five video game studios, including The Coalition and Beenox, making it one of the largest video game employers in the country, alongside Electronic Arts and Ubisoft.

 See also 
List of mergers and acquisitions by Microsoft
List of Microsoft Gaming video games
Microsoft Casual Games
Video games in the United States

 References 

Danny Chan
Danny Chan Pak-Keung (Chinese: 陳百強; 7 September 1958 – 25 October 1993) was a Hong Kong singer, songwriter and actor. He is widely recognised as the first modern day pop idol in Hong Kong, gaining fame alongside performers Alan Tam, Anita Mui, and Leslie Cheung, who were collectively known as "Three Kings and a Queen" (三王一后) or "Tam Cheung Mui Chan" (譚張梅陳) in the 1980s. He actively engaged in various charity shows and activities. His innate fashion sense was renowned in Hong Kong show business. Chan is best remembered for his Cantopop romance ballads and soul touching music compositions. His most renowned works include "Waiting" (等), "Life Expectation" (一生何求), "Ripples" (漣漪), "Loving You Alone" (偏偏喜歡你) and "Cherish Tonight" (今宵多珍重). Chan died on October 25, 1993, after being in a coma for 17 months.

 Career 
Chan was born on 7 September 1958 at Queen Mary Hospital in Pok Fu Lam (薄扶林). His father is Chan Pang-Fee (Chinese: 陳鵬飛; 1923 – 5 April 2019), a businessman in the watch industry, who was fond of Cantonese opera and became one of his son's musical influences.During childhood period Chan has developed a passion for music and has mostly learnt to play organ keyboard and piano by himself. He was an alumnus of St. Paul's Co-educational College and also a fellow classmate of lyricist Andrew Lam Man Chung (林敏驄). 
Chan won third prize at the TVB "Hong Kong Pop Song Writing Invitation" in 1977 with his self-written english song "The Rocky Road". In 1978, he won first prize at the "Hong Kong Yamaha Electone Festival" by playing the theme music of the movie "Close Encounters of the Third Kind". This has earned him a singer contract with Hong Kong Television Broadcasts (TVB) and has officially launched his entertainment career. In that same year, he made his acting debut with HK TVB through a TV drama called "Sweet Babe" (甜姐兒).
Chan's musical talent has attracted the attention of artist manager Tam Kwok-Gei (譚國基). Tam signed Chan under his artist management agency Hollywood Casting Agency (HCA) and subsequently made Chan to sign a records contract with EMI. Chan's first music album "First Love" was released in 1979. His self-composed song from the album, "Tears for You" (眼淚為你流), was an instant hit. 
Chan subsequently signed music contracts with Hong Kong EMI (1979), WEA (1980), DMI (1986), and finally moved back to WEA (1989). His Cantopop romance ballads have achieved high level of public success and critical acclaim, some of which are still popular nowaday such as "Waiting" (等), "Life Expectation" (一生何求), "Ripples" (漣漪), "Loving You Alone" (偏偏喜歡你), "Cherish Tonight" (今宵多珍重), "Deeply in Love with You" (深愛著你), "Having You" (有了你), "Misty Rain" (煙雨悽迷), "Applause" (喝采), "Minutes’ Date" (幾分鐘的約會), etc. The song, "Remembrance on Parents' Love" (念親恩), is often played on radio stations and frequently chosen for karaoke.
Chan's first five albums were produced by Tam Kwok-Gei, and the song concepts were mostly targeted towards youth. Chan composed a large quantity of songs during this period. From the sixth album, "Pouring Out My Heart"(傾訴), onward, Chan started to produce his albums himself. He reached his first peak in his musical career with this album and the next one, "Loving You Alone"(偏偏喜歡你), where the album sales achieved 5-platinum certifications (250,000 copies) in Hong Kong.
In 1984, he sang an English duet "Tell Me What Can I Do" with American country music singer Crystal Gayle. It was produced in US and released in US/Japan but was largely unknown due to lack of promotional budget. Meanwhile, he has also covered Jim Capaldi's ballad "Warm" with an improved music arrangement.
In the early 1980s, Chan was a host in the TV show "Bang Bang Sound" (Bang Bang咁嘅聲). His co-operation with Leslie Cheung and Paul Chung in the films "Encore" (1980) (喝采) and "On Trial" (1981) (失業生), received positive reception from the public and media. He is the main character in HK TVB TV series "Breakthrough" (1982) (突破) together with his favourite female partner Mary Jean Reimer (翁靜晶). His only comedy film "Merry Christmas" (1984) (聖誕快樂) was a huge box office success. He is also one of the main character in the most famous romantic film in the 1980s, "An Autumn's Tale" (1987) (秋天的童話), as Vincent (Jennifer's ex-boyfriend), with Chow Yun-fat (as Samuel Pang) and Cherie Chung (as Jennifer).
During the span of his music career, Chan held many music concerts in Hong Kong, China, Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, Australia, Thailand, Canada and the United States. He held his first major local concerts at the Queen Elizabeth Stadium in July 1982 (2 nights), and another concerts in the newly developed Hong Kong Stadium in September 1983 (2 nights), both were organised by Brainchild Productions (富才制作). From this time onward, all of his major concerts were held in Hong Kong Stadium. His avant-garde concept January 1985 concerts (3 nights) was organised by Capitol Artists Entertainment (華星娛樂), but was met with underwhelming feedback. Warm critical acclaims was received in the Dickson Entertainment (迪生娛樂) organised concerts in December 1986 (2 nights) and April 1988 (4 nights). His 10th anniversary concerts in September/October 1989 (6 nights), and the purple theme concerts in March 1991 (3 nights) were organised by Yiu Wing Entertainment (耀榮娛樂).Chan also participated and represented Hong Kong in various music festivals such as the World Popular Song Festival 1984 in Tokyo, the Nagasaki Asia Music Festival 1988 in Japan, Peace Music Concert 1988 in Singapore, Tokyo Music Festival 1989 and the Shanghai Music Festival Warner Music Special Concert 1991. He was also invited to perform at the Seoul Korea Summer Olympic Games 1988 opening ceremony. In 1986, he performed in the presence of The Royal Thai princess in a Thai charity show.In 1991, Chan announced of his decision to leave the Hong Kong music industry. He has planned to hold a few more farewell concerts in the US, Canada and Hong Kong but his sudden fall into coma in May 1992 halted the plan.

 Death and speculation 
Chan suffered from mild depression, which worsened during the late 1980s.On 18 May 1992, Chan was found unconscious and he was admitted to Queen Mary Hospital in Hong Kong. It was speculated that this was due to an accidental mixing of alcohol with medicine. Chan had suffered from advanced brain damage. He went into a coma for 17 months and died on 25 October 1993 at the age of 35.

 Commemoration 
On 22 October 1995, Chan's father, Chan Pang-Fee, has sponsored and built a Danny Commemoration Pavilion (陳百強紀念館) in his ancestors' hometown Sijiu Town, Taishan City, Guangdong Province, China (中國廣東省台山市四九鎮). It is a favourite place for Danny's fans to visit until these days.
On 8 November 2005, the Hong Kong Post issued a set of special stamps featuring "Hong Kong Pop Singers". This stamp set focused on Hong Kong's popular singers, saluting five pop stars who have left their marks on Cantopop music history. Chan was featured on the HK$1.80 stamp.

 Discography 
Studio Albums

Other Danny's Compositions
1978, The Sunrise (english), unreleased
1980, Tears in Tears (淚中淚), a song by Wong Hoi Yan (黃愷欣)
1981, Cherish Me (為我珍重), a song by Blanche Tang Oi Lam (鄧藹霖)
1984, Love Prediction (戀愛預告),	a song by Sandy Lamb (林姍姍)
1987, Love Without Reasons (愛不問為何), a song by Roman Tam (罗文)
1988, 12 Hours (十二小時), a song by Samantha Lam (林志美)

 Filmography 

 Cinematic Films 
1980, Encore (喝采)
1981, On Trial / Job Hunter (失業生)
1984, Merry Christmas (聖誕快樂)
1986, My Family (八喜臨門)
1987, An Autumn's Tale (秋天的童話) a.k.a. Chau tin tik tung wa (Hong Kong Cantonese title); a.k.a. Liumang daheng (流氓大亨) (Taiwan Mandarin title)

 TV Dramas 
1977, Sweet Babe (甜姐兒) (produced by HK TVB)
1980, Take Turn (輪流轉) (produced by HK TVB)
1980, Breakthrough (突破) (produced by HK TVB)

 Concerts 
Major Concerts

 Awards 
Music Awards

▲ In 1999, the song "Ripples" (漣漪) was used by the Hong Kong Government in a commercial clip for Tracker Fund of Hong Kong IPO.
Other Awards
1981, "Model Youth" in Wong Tai Sin District, Hong Kong
1986, "Hong Kong's Top 10 Most Popular Celebrities" by Radio Television Hong Kong
1987, "Hong Kong's Top 10 Best Dressed Personnel" by Hong Kong Fashion Designers Association
1989, "Hong Kong's Top 10 Good-Looking Personnel" by Commercial Radio Hong Kong
1990, "Hong Kong's Top 10 Best Dressed Personnel" by Hong Kong Fashion Designers Association

 References 

 External links 
The website dannyfans.com (离不开，陈百强) was created in January 2000, and welcome for all his loyal fans. The domain name lost in 2008. The actual working site (2015-current) is http://dannychan.cn/danny-library/
The website (离不开，陈百强) domain was switched to dannychan.org temporarily, then switched to dannychan.cn in 2015. "离不开，陈百强" bbs data (2001-2017) was moved to http://dannychan.cn/dannybbs/
dannychan.cn is the current "离不开，陈百强" website. "陈百强资料馆"(http://www.dannychan.cn/danny-library/) was built in 2015 for the upgrade of the old site "离不开".
One of the Facebook discussion groups is "離不開 陳百強 Danny Chan Nest"
Danny Chan in Memoriam
Speech by Postmaster General at issue of "Hong Kong Pop Singers" special stamps
Danny Chan Group in Youtube – with over 390 videos of Danny

Shenaz Treasury
Shenaz Treasurywala (born 29 June 1981) is an Indian actress and travel vlogger.

 Career 
Discovered by a photographer during her first year in college, her first modeling assignment was for the soft drink Gold Spot.  She also did advertising work for Akai and Philips before MTV Networks Asia hired her to work as a VJ on the MTV's Most Wanted program.Her acting debut was in the 2001 Telugu film Eduruleni Manishi, followed by the 2003 Bollywood film Ishq Vishk, which earned her a nomination for the best supporting actress award by the Filmfare Film Awards. With her lifelong love of travel, she wrote travel articles for Cosmopolitan, Elle, and Femina.  As of the early 2010s, Treasurywala resides in Mumbai, India and serves as the host of Culture Shock on the Travel Channel. In 2011, she got a recurring role as Rama Patel on the American soap opera One Life to Live. A few months later, she signed a contract with the show until its cancellation in 2012 and then returned as a contract player when the show started airing its webisodes in 2013.Treasury' returned to India to visit her family and was offered a leading role in Ishq Vishk after meeting director Ken Ghosh at a Mumbai night club.In 2009, she appeared in the films Aagey Se Right and Radio. She wrote the screenplay for and appeared in the 2011 movie Luv Ka The End. She also appeared in the movie Delhi Belly. She is part of the film Main Aur Mr. Riight.
During 2015, she was a contributor and occasional panelist on The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore on Comedy Central in the United States.In 2017, she appeared in the critically acclaimed indie film The Big Sick where she played Kumail Nanjiani's sister-in-law.She has also hosted All Women Special Wrestling Event "WWE Evolution" on 28 October 2018.
In addition to acting, she has now started to share her travel vlogs on YouTube and Instagram. 

 Social activism 
In December 2014, days before the release of her film Main Aur Mr. Riight (on 12 December), Shenaz Treasurywala wrote an open letter to the most powerful people of India including Narendra Modi, Sachin Tendulkar, Amitabh Bachchan, Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and Anil Ambani on women's safety in India.

 Personal life 
Her father is a merchant marine engineer, and she was born in a Parsi family. Treasurywala attended school and college in Mumbai, St. Xavier's College. In 2001, she moved to New York City where she studied method acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute. While in New York, she also took a writing course at NYU.

 Filmography 

 Films 

 Television 

 References 

 External links 

Shenaz Treasury at IMDb 
Shenaz Treasury at Bollywood Hungama 
Shenaz Treasury on Instagram

Emma Thomas
Emma Thomas Nolan (born 9 December 1971) is a British film producer best known for her creative partnership with her husband, Christopher Nolan. She has produced all of Nolan's feature films, which have grossed more than $6 billion worldwide. Thomas has received several accolades, including a Golden Globe Award, in addition to nominations for three Academy Awards and three BAFTA Awards. She and Nolan co-founded the production company Syncopy Inc.

 Early life and education 
Emma Thomas was born on 9 December 1971 in London. Her father worked in the Civil Service, and she spent part of her childhood living in the Middle East. She originally intended on following her father into the civil service field after completing her education.Thomas studied ancient history at University College London (UCL). She lived in the same residence hall as filmmaker Christopher Nolan (her boyfriend and future husband), whom she met during her first week at university. Nolan introduced Thomas to the UCL Union's Film Society, where they arranged feature film screenings in 35mm and used the proceeds to produce newsreels and short films. Thomas credits Nolan and the Film Society for sparking her interest in filmmaking, and would provide refreshments for the crew members of her partner's short films.

 Career 

 1997–2000: Early career and breakthrough 
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, Thomas worked as a script supervisor for numerous projects. She completed an unpaid internship with Working Title Films before working as a runner and receptionist. Thomas had a "very awkward" conversation with her father upon her graduation from university, in which he tried unsuccessfully to persuade her into working in civil service. After earning her bachelor's degree in ancient history, Thomas was promoted to a production coordinator for Working Title Films. The first film that she produced was the short feature Doodlebug (1997), which depicts a man anxiously trying to kill a bug-like creature in his flat. She and Nolan created the short film on 16mm film during their time at university.After plans to create a full-length feature with Larry Mahoney were scrapped, Thomas produced her first feature Following (1998) with Nolan and Jeremy Theobald, who stars as an unemployed young writer who follows strangers in London in hopes of receiving material for his first novel, but is drawn into a criminal underworld where he fails to keep his distance. The film was conceived on a production budget of around £3,000, and was filmed on weekends over the course of a year; with scenes being rehearsed extensively to preserve film stock. Following was positively received by film critics and won several awards at various film festivals.Thomas pitched Nolan's screenplay for their breakthrough film Memento (2000), which follows a man with anterograde amnesia who uses photographs, notes, and tattoos to hunt his wife's murderer, to Aaron Ryder of  Newmarket Films, who lauded the script. The film was given a budget of $4.5 million and was distributed by Newmarket to 500 theatres in the United States after it was rejected by other studios, who feared that it would not attract a wide audience. Thomas was credited as an associate producer of Memento, which received critical acclaim and several accolades, including two nominations at the 74th Academy Awards. Six critics listed it as one of the best films of the 2000s. She also assisted director Stephen Frears during the production of High Fidelity (2000).

 2001–2013: Widespread recognition 
On 27 February 2001, Thomas and Nolan founded the production company, Syncopy Inc. She co-produced the psychological thriller Insomnia (2002), after filmmaker Steven Soderbergh recommended Nolan to Warner Bros. to direct a remake of the 1997 Norwegian thriller of the same name. The film follows two Los Angeles detectives who were sent to investigate the murder of a teenager in a northern Alaskan town. It received positive reviews from critics and grossed $113 million against a budget of $43 million.Thomas produced The Dark Knight trilogy with Nolan, Charles Roven and Larry Franco; which consisted of Batman Begins (2005), The Dark Knight (2008), and The Dark Knight Rises (2012). Collectively, the films grossed over $2.4 billion worldwide, and is considered to be one of the greatest trilogies ever made. The Dark Knight received eight nominations at the 81st Academy Awards, winning Best Sound Editing for Richard King and Best Supporting Actor; a posthumous accolade for Heath Ledger. The film's failure to capture a Best Picture nomination garnered media criticism, resulting in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences increasing their Best Picture nominees from five to ten; a decision coined by the media as "The Dark Knight Rule".During production of The Dark Knight trilogy, Thomas produced The Prestige (2006), an adaptation of the Christopher Priest novel about two rival 19th-century magicians, and Inception (2010), an original film about a professional thief who steals information by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets. Both films were critically and commercially successful: The Prestige earned over $109 million on a budget of $40 million, despite receiving a bleak box office prognosis, while Inception grossed $839 million worldwide against a budget of $160 million. Thomas received several accolades for her work on the latter film, including nominations for the Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, and BAFTA Award for Best Film. She and Nolan produced Zack Snyder's Man of Steel (2013), which received mixed reviews and grossed more than $660 million worldwide against a budget of $220 million.

 2014–2017: Interstellar and Dunkirk 
Thomas' next feature Interstellar (2014), which she produced with Nolan and Lynda Obst, follows a group of astronauts who travel through a wormhole near Saturn in search of a new home for humankind. It received positive reviews from film critics and was praised by astronauts for its scientific accuracy and portrayal of theoretical astrophysics. Grossing over $730 million worldwide against a budget of $165 million, Interstellar received five nominations at the 87th Academy Awards, winning Best Visual Effects. Earlier in the year, she executive produced Wally Pfister's directional debut Transcendence. Through her production company, Thomas formed a joint venture with Zeitgeist Films to release Blu-ray versions of Elena (2011) and a compilation of animated short films by the Quay brothers. She serves on the Motion Picture & Television Fund Board of Directors.After executive producing Zack Snyder's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016) and Justice League (2017), Thomas produced the historical war film Dunkirk (2017), which depicts the World War II evacuation of the same name from the perspectives of the land, sea, and air. She and her husband were first interested in creating the film after taking an "ill-fated" sailing trip across the English Channel about twenty years prior, which "very much cemented for us what an incredible achievement that evacuation was." The film received critical acclaim and grossed $526 million worldwide against a budget of around $82.5–150 million, becoming the highest-grossing World War II film at the time. Among Dunkirk's many accolades, Thomas earned her second Oscar nomination for Best Picture. A year later, she and Nolan executive produced the Quay brothers' animated short The Doll's Breath (2019). She was appointed to the Board of Trustees for the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures.

 2020–present: Tenet and Oppenheimer 
Tenet (2020), Thomas' next feature, follows an unnamed protagonist who travels through time to prevent a world-threatening attack. The film was the first Hollywood tent-pole to open in theatres during the COVID-19 pandemic; it was delayed three times before premiering due to the pandemic. Despite failing to break-even, Tenet grossed $363 million worldwide on a budget of $200 million. It was a polarising screening for film critics; USA Today's Jenna Ryu and the Los Angeles Times' Christi Carras both described the overall tone of the reviews as "mixed" and "all over the place". The film won Best Visual Effects and was nominated for Best Production Design at the 93rd Academy Awards. Following the release of Tenet, Thomas served as an executive producer on Zack Snyder's Justice League (2021), a director's cut of 2017's Justice League.Thomas' twelfth film, Oppenheimer (2023), is a biographical thriller centered around the career of theoretical physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer and his involvement in the creation of the first nuclear weapons. It marked her and her husband's first film to receive an R-rating in the United States since Insomnia, and their first to be financed and distributed through Universal Pictures, following a public dispute between Nolan and Warner Bros. Thomas considers Oppenheimer to be her and Nolan's "riskiest" film to date, explaining that she "didn’t feel there was a guaranteed audience for this film. I hoped people would feel they needed to see it in theaters, but many people still weren’t back post-COVID. And there’s the fact we’ve heard nothing but 'theaters are over' for a while now. So it wasn’t a no-brainer. Not only did it feel like it was a risky film to make, it felt like the stakes had never been higher." Oppenheimer was filmed on a 57-day shooting schedule with a production budget of $100 million, which Thomas liked because it kept their work fresh. It was met with widespread critical acclaim and grossed over $950 million worldwide, becoming the highest-grossing biographical film; it also surpassed Dunkirk as the highest-grossing World War II film of all time. For her work on the film, Thomas won her first Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama.

 Personal life 
Thomas married Christopher Nolan in 1997. The couple have four children and reside in Los Angeles.

 Recognition 
Variety described Thomas as "a dream producer for both talent and studio", complimenting the "notoriously harmonious" nature of her sets.

 Filmography 

 Accolades 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Emma Thomas at IMDb
Emma Thomas at AllMovie

Emerging market
An emerging market (or an emerging country or an emerging economy) is a market that has some characteristics of a developed market, but does not fully meet its standards. This includes markets that may become developed markets in the future or were in the past. The term "frontier market" is used for developing countries with smaller, riskier, or more illiquid capital markets than "emerging". As of 2006, the economies of China and India are considered to be the largest emerging markets. According to The Economist, many people find the term outdated, but no new term has gained traction. Emerging market hedge fund capital reached a record new level in the first quarter of 2011 of $121 billion. Emerging market economies’ share of global PPP-adjusted GDP has risen from 27 percent in 1960 to around 53 percent by 2013. The ten largest emerging economies by nominal GDP are 5 of the 10 BRICS countries (Russia, Brazil, India, China, and Saudi Arabia) along with Indonesia, Mexico, Poland, South Korea, and Turkey.
When countries "graduate" from their emerging status, they are referred to as emerged markets, emerged economies or emerged countries, where countries have developed from emerging economy status, but have yet to reach the technological and economic development of developed countries.

 Terminology 
In the 1970s, "less developed countries" (LDCs) was the common term for markets that were less "developed" (by objective or subjective measures) than the developed countries such as the United States, Japan, and those in Western Europe. These markets were supposed to provide greater potential for profit but also more risk from various factors like patent infringement. This term was replaced by emerging market. The term is misleading in that there is no guarantee that a country will move from "less developed" to "more developed"; although that is the general trend in the world, countries can also move from "more developed" to "less developed".
Originally coined in 1981 by then World Bank economist Antoine Van Agtmael,  the term is sometimes loosely used as a replacement for emerging economies, but really signifies a business phenomenon that is not fully described or constrained by such; these countries are considered to be in a transitional phase between developing and developed status. Examples of emerging markets include many countries in Africa, most countries in Eastern Europe, some countries of Latin America, some countries in the Middle East, Russia and some countries in Southeast Asia. Emphasizing the fluid nature of the category, political scientist Ian Bremmer defines an emerging market as "a country where politics matters at least as much as economics to the markets".The research on emerging markets is diffused within management literature. While researchers such as George Haley, Vladimir Kvint, Hernando de Soto, Usha Haley, and several professors from Harvard Business School and Yale School of Management have described activity in countries such as India and China, how a market emerges is little understood.
In 2009, Dr. Kvint published this definition: "an emerging market country is a society transitioning from a dictatorship to a free-market-oriented-economy, with increasing economic freedom, gradual integration with the Global Marketplace and with other members of the GEM (Global Emerging Market), an expanding middle class, improving standards of living, social stability and tolerance, as well as an increase in cooperation with multilateral institutions"
In 2008 Emerging Economy Report, the Center for Knowledge Societies defines emerging economies as those "regions of the world that are experiencing rapid informationalization under conditions of limited or partial industrialization". It appears that emerging markets lie at the intersection of non-traditional user behavior, the rise of new user groups and community adoption of products and services, and innovations in product technologies and platforms.
More critical scholars have also studied key emerging markets like Mexico and Turkey. Thomas Marois (2012, 2) argues that financial imperatives have become much more significant and has developed the idea of 'emerging finance capitalism' – an era wherein the collective interests of financial capital principally shape the logical options and choices of government and state elites over and above those of labor and popular classes.Julien Vercueil recently proposed an pragmatic definition of the "emerging economies", as distinguished from "emerging markets" coined by an approach heavily influenced by financial criteria. According to his definition, an emerging economy displays the following characteristics:
Intermediate income: its PPP per capita income is comprised between 10% and 75% of the average EU per capita income.
Catching-up growth: during at least the last decade, it has experienced a brisk economic growth that has narrowed the income gap with advanced economies.
Institutional transformations and economic opening: during the same period, it has undertaken profound institutional transformations which contributed to integrate it more deeply into the world economy. Hence, emerging economies appears to be a by-product of the current globalization.At the beginning of the 2010s, more than 50 countries, representing 60% of the world's population and 45% of its GDP, matched these criteria.: 10  Among them, the BRICs.

The term "rapidly developing economies" is being used to denote emerging markets such as The United Arab Emirates, Chile and Malaysia that are undergoing rapid growth.
In recent years, new terms have emerged to describe the largest developing countries such as BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, and China), along with BRICET (BRIC + Eastern Europe and Turkey), BRICS (BRIC + South Africa), BRICM (BRIC + Mexico), MINT (Mexico, Indonesia, Nigeria and Turkey), Next Eleven (Bangladesh, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, Mexico, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Philippines, South Korea, Turkey, and Vietnam) and CIVETS (Colombia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Egypt, Turkey and South Africa). These countries do not share any common agenda, but some experts believe that they are enjoying an increasing role in the world economy and on political platforms.
Lists of emerging (or developed) markets vary; guides may be found in such investment information sources as EMIS (a Euromoney Institutional Investor Company), The Economist, or market index makers (such as MSCI).
In an Opalesque.TV video, hedge fund manager Jonathan Binder discusses the current and future relevance of the term "emerging markets" in the financial world. Binder says that in the future investors will not necessarily think of the traditional classifications of "G10" (or G7) versus "emerging markets". Instead, people should look at the world as countries that are fiscally responsible and countries that are not. Whether that country is in Europe or in South America should make no difference, making the traditional "blocs" of categorization irrelevant. Guégan et al. (2014) also discuss the relevance of the terminology "emerging country" comparing the credit worthiness of so-called emerging countries to so-called developed countries. According to their analysis, depending on the criteria used, the term may not always be appropriate.The 10 Big Emerging Markets (BEM) economies are (alphabetically ordered): Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Poland, South Africa, South Korea and Turkey. Egypt, Iran, Nigeria, Pakistan, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, and Thailand are other major emerging markets.
Newly industrialized countries are emerging markets whose economies have not yet reached developed status but have, in a macroeconomic sense, outpaced their developing counterparts.
Individual investors can invest in emerging markets by buying into emerging markets or global funds. If they want to pick single stocks or make their own bets they can do it either through ADRs (American depositor Receipts – stocks of foreign companies that trade on US stock exchanges) or through exchange traded funds (exchange traded funds or ETFs hold basket of stocks). The exchange traded funds can be focused on a particular country (e.g., China, India) or region (e.g., Asia-Pacific, Latin America).

 FTSE International Emerging Markets Index 
The FTSE International Emerging Markets Index calculates how emerging a company is, and have helped many companies that are on low status emerge. They have been reported by many countries, including China, India, and Brazil.

 Emerged market 
Also referred to as "emerged economy" or "emerged country".
Emerging markets share the economic characteristics such as low income, high growth economies that use market liberalization as their main means of growth. Of course, emerging economies can develop out of such emerging status, entering the post-emerging stage. When emerging markets "graduate" from their economic status, they are referred to as emerged markets. Countries like Israel, Poland, South Korea, Taiwan, the Czech Republic, and city-states such as Singapore have transitioned from emerging to "emerged". These emerged markets tend to be characterized by higher incomes and relatively stable political schemes, compared to those categorized as emerging markets.

 Commonly listed 
Various sources list countries as "emerging economies" as indicated by the table below.
A few countries appear in every list (BRICS, Mexico, Turkey, South Africa). Indonesia and Turkey are categorized with Mexico and Nigeria as part of the MINT economies. While there are no commonly agreed upon parameters on which the countries can be classified as "Emerging Economies", several firms have developed detailed methodologies to identify the top performing emerging economies every year. While often treated as one group, emerging market economies are diverse in their factor endowments as well as real, financial, and external linkages.

 BBVA Research 
In November 2010, BBVA Research introduced a new economic concept, to identify key emerging markets.
This classification is divided into two sets of developing economies.
As of 2014, the groupings are as follows:
EAGLEs (emerging and growth-leading economies): Expected Incremental GDP in the next 10 years to be larger than the average of the G7 economies, excluding the US.

NEST: Expected Incremental GDP in the next decade to be lower than the average of the G6 economies (G7 excluding the US) but higher than Italy's.

Other emerging markets

 Emerging Market Bond Index Global 
The Emerging Market Bond Index Global (EMBI Global) by J.P. Morgan was the first comprehensive EM sovereign index in the market, after the EMBI+. It provides full coverage of the EM asset class with representative countries, investable instruments (sovereign and quasi-sovereign), and transparent rules.
The EMBI Global includes only USD-denominated emerging markets sovereign bonds and uses a traditional, market capitalization weighted method for country allocation. As of March end 2016, the EMBI Global's market capitalization was $692.3bn.For country inclusion, a country's GNI per capita must be below the Index Income Ceiling (IIC) for three consecutive years to be eligible for inclusion to the EMBI Global. J.P. Morgan defines the Index Income Ceiling (IIC) as the GNI per capita level that is adjusted every year by the growth rate of the World GNI per capita, Atlas method (current US$), provided by the World Bank annually. An existing country may be considered for removal from the index if its GNI per capita is above the Index Income Ceiling (IIC) for three consecutive years as well as the country's long term foreign currency sovereign credit rating (the available ratings from all three agencies: S&P, Moody's & Fitch) is A-/A3/A- (inclusive) or above for three consecutive years.J.P. Morgan has introduced what is called an "Index Income Ceiling" (IIC), defined as the income level that is adjusted every year by the growth rate of the World GNI per capita, provided by the World Bank as "GNI per capita, Atlas method (current US$) annually". Once a country has GNI per capita below or above the IIC level for three consecutive years, the country eligibility will be determined.
J.P. Morgan has established the base IIC level in 1987 to match the World Bank High Income threshold at US$6,000 GNI per capita.
Every year, growth in the World GNI per capita figure is applied to the IIC, establishing a new IIC that is dynamic over time.
This approach ensures that J.P. Morgan's cutoff for index removal is adjusted by the World income growth rate, and not by the inflation rate of a smaller sample of Developed economies.
This metric essentially incorporates real global growth, global inflation, and currency exchange rate (current USD-denominated) changes.
Essentially, the introduction of the IIC establishes a higher, more appropriate threshold for country eligibility in the EMBI Global/Diversified.

 Emerging Markets Index 
The Emerging Markets Index by MasterCard is a list of the top 65 cities in emerging markets. The following countries had cities featured on the list:

 Emerging Market Multinationals Report 
Released for the first time in 2016 by Lourdes Casanova, Anne Miroux and collaborators at the Emerging Markets Institute at Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell University, the Emerging Market Multinationals Report annually compares the economic performance of the emerging economies with the rest of the World, as well as investment, revenues, valuation, transactions, and other business data of emerging markets multinationals companies (EMNCs) with big companies, based on a theme defined every year.
The report organizes emerging countries with the definition of the E20+1, considering the size, as measured by nominal gross domestic product (GDP), and weight each country in terms of the demography and social variables. It is also considered the emerging economy groupings of major international organizations such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the United Nations (UN) as well as those from think tanks and research institutes.In the first semester of 2021, EMI released the EMI Quarterly Report, analyzing data of stock markets and M&A of emerging countries. In 2022, EMI launched the EMI EMNC Rankings, ranking the 500 largest companies by revenue (EMNC 500R), the 500 largest market capitalized companies (500MC), and listing 200 best ESG performers companies (200ESG).

 Global Growth Generators 
"Global Growth Generators", or 3G (countries), is an alternative classification determined by Citigroup analysts as being countries with the most promising growth prospects for 2010–2050. These consist of Indonesia, Egypt, seven other emerging countries, and two countries not previously listed before, specifically Iraq and Mongolia. There has been disagreement about the reclassification of these countries, among others, for the purpose of acronym creation as was seen with the BRICS.

 Estimating Demand in Emerging Markets 
Estimating the demand for products or services in emerging markets and developing economies can be complex and challenging for managers. These countries have unique commercial environments and may be limited in terms of reliable data, market research firms, and trained interviewers. Consumers in some of these countries may consider surveys an invasion of privacy. Survey respondents may try to please researchers by telling them what they want to hear rather than providing honest answers to their questions. However some companies have dedicated their entire business units for understanding the dynamics of emerging markets owing to their peculiarity.

 Economy 
The following table lists the GDP (PPP) projections of the 30 largest emerging economies for the year of 2023 (unless otherwise stated). Members of the G-20 major economies are in bold.

 See also 
Developed market
Frontier markets
Global North and Global South
Tehran Stock Exchange
BRIC
BRICS
Free-trade area

 References 

 External links 

Orion Pictures
Orion Releasing, LLC (doing business as Orion Pictures) is an American film production and distribution company co-owned by Amazon through Amazon MGM Studios. In its original operating period, the company produced and released films from 1978 until 1999 and was also involved in television production and syndication throughout the 1980s until the early 1990s. It was formed in 1978 as a joint venture between Warner Bros. and three former senior executives at United Artists. From its founding until its buyout by MGM in the late 1990s, Orion was considered one of the largest mini-major studios.Woody Allen, James Cameron, Jonathan Demme, Oliver Stone, and several other prominent directors worked with Orion during its most successful years from 1978 to 1992. Of the films distributed by Orion, four won Academy Awards for Best Picture: Amadeus (1984), Platoon (1986), Dances with Wolves (1990), and The Silence of the Lambs (1991). Three other Orion films, Hannah and Her Sisters (1986), Mississippi Burning (1988), and Women Talking (2022) were nominated for that same category.  A fourth film, American Fiction (2023), is currently nominated for the aforementioned category.
Since 1997, Orion has been owned by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM). In 2013, MGM revived the Orion name for television; a year later, Orion Pictures was relaunched by the studio.

 History 

 1978–1981: Beginnings 
In January 1978, three executives of Transamerica (TA)-owned studio United Artists (UA)—Arthur B. Krim (chairman), Eric Pleskow (president and chief executive officer), and Robert Benjamin (chairman of the finance committee)—quit their jobs. Krim and Benjamin had headed UA since 1951 and subsequently turned around the then-flailing studio with a number of critical and commercial successes. Change had begun once Transamerica purchased UA in 1967 and, within a decade, a rift formed between Krim and Transamerica chairman John R. Beckett concerning the studio's operations. Krim suggested spinning off United Artists into a separate company which was rejected by Beckett.The last straw came for Pleskow when he refused to collect and deliver the medical records of UA department heads to Transamerica's offices in San Francisco for the sake of confidentiality. The tensions only worsened when Fortune magazine reported an article on the clash between UA and TA in which Beckett had stated that, if the executives disliked the parent company's treatment of them, they should resign. Krim, Benjamin and Pleskow quit United Artists on January 13, 1978, followed by the exits of senior vice presidents William Bernstein and Mike Medavoy three days later. The week following the resignations, according to the website Reference for Business, 63 important Hollywood figures took out an advertisement in a trade paper warning Transamerica that it had made a fatal mistake in letting the five men leave. The 'fatal mistake' came true following the box-office disaster of Heaven's Gate in 1980 which led to Transamerica selling UA to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.In February 1978, the five men forged a deal with Warner Bros. The executives formed Orion Pictures Company, named after the constellation which they claimed had five main stars (it actually has seven or eight). The new company intended only to finance projects, giving the filmmakers complete creative autonomy; this ideal had been successfully implemented at United Artists. Orion held a $100 million line of credit and its films would be distributed by the Warner Bros. studio. Orion, however, was contractually given free rein over distribution and advertising as well as the number and type of films the executives chose to invest in.In late March 1978, Orion signed its first contract, a two-picture deal with John Travolta's production company. Contracts with actress and director Barbra Streisand; actors James Caan, Jane Fonda, Peter Sellers, Jon Voight, and Burt Reynolds; directors Francis Ford Coppola and Blake Edwards; writer/director John Milius; singer Peter Frampton; and producer Ray Stark soon materialized. Orion also developed a co-financing and distribution deal with EMI Films. In its first year, Orion had fifteen films in production and had a dozen more actors, directors and producers lining up to sign with them.In October 1979, Benjamin died. Orion's first film, A Little Romance, was released in April that year. Later that year, Orion released Blake Edwards' 10 which became a commercial success, the first for Edwards in over a decade (aside from installments of The Pink Panther franchise). Other films released by Orion over the next two years included a few successes such as Caddyshack (1980) and Arthur (1981); critically praised but underperforming films such as The Great Santini (1979), an adaptation of a Pat Conroy novel, and Sidney Lumet's Prince of the City (1981); and pictures by young writer-directors such as Philip Kaufman's The Wanderers (1979) and Nicholas Meyer's debut Time After Time (1979); plus Monty Python's Life of Brian (1979) which Orion only distributed in the United States. Out of the 23 films Orion released between April 1979 and December 1981, only a third of them made a profit. Orion executives were conflicted over financing big-budgeted films and passed on Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981) for that reason.

 1982–1986: Split from Warner Bros. 
By early 1982, Orion had severed its distribution ties with Warner Bros. As part of the deal, the rights to Orion's films made up to that point were sold to Warner Bros. Orion was now looking to have its own distribution network by acquiring another company with such capabilities. The four partners looked into Allied Artists and Embassy Pictures before settling on Filmways. Orion subsequently purchased Filmways and reorganized the flailing company. New employees were hired and all of Filmways' non-entertainment assets (Grosset & Dunlap and Broadcast Electronics) were sold off.Another result of the merger was that Orion entered television production. Orion's biggest TV hit was Cagney & Lacey which lasted seven seasons on CBS. In 1983, Orion Pictures introduced art-house division Orion Classics with executives who had previously run United Artists Classics.According to Reference for Business: "Of the first 18 movies the company had released as Orion Pictures Corporation, ten had been profitable, five had broken even, and three had losses of less than $2 million." One such film, Francis Ford Coppola's The Cotton Club, was mired in legal troubles and Orion lost $3 million of its investment. "We've had some singles and doubles [but haven't] had any home runs," lamented Krim. In September 1984, Orion distributed Amadeus, which garnered many accolades, winning eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture. That year, on April 3, 1984, Orion Pictures launched Orion Entertainment Group, that would consist of four groups, Orion Television, Orion Home Video, Orion Pay Television and Orion Television Syndication, and the new organization would produce and distribute product for television, home video, pay and syndicated markets, with Jamie Kellner serving as president. On October 26, 1984 the company released the James Cameron-directed science fiction film The Terminator which was well received by critics and audience and led to a franchise involving five further films though none of the follow-ups were distributed by Orion.
For Orion, 1985 was a dismal year. All but two films, Desperately Seeking Susan and Code of Silence, made less than $10 million in the United States box office, including an unsuccessful attempt at a James Bond-type franchise, Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins. Orion's haphazard distribution channels and unsuccessful advertising campaigns made it impossible to achieve a hit. Another factor was that Orion was about to venture into the video business and stopped selling off home use rights to its films. Furthermore, production of the Rodney Dangerfield comedy Back to School was put on hold when a co-producer died, taking the film off of its Christmas 1985 release slate.In January 1986, Mario Kassar and Andrew Vajna, producers of the Rambo films (the first film, First Blood, was distributed by Orion) attempted to buy $55 million worth of the studio's stock through the duo's company, Anabasis. Had they succeeded, Kassar and Vajna would have controlled the board and laid off every executive save for Krim. Warburg Pincus subsequently limited its 20% stake in Orion to 5%; the remaining stock was acquired by Viacom International. Viacom hoped to use Orion's product for its pay-TV channel Showtime. Orion expanded into home video distribution with the formation of Orion Home Entertainment Corporation in 1985, which began distributing videos under the Orion Home Video label in 1987 (prior to OHV's formation, HBO Video and their predecessors, as well as Vestron Video and Embassy Home Entertainment, had been responsible for home media releases of Orion product).

 1986–1991: Metromedia era 
On May 22, 1986, Metromedia, a television and communications company controlled by billionaire (and a friend of Krim's) John Kluge, which had just divested of its television station group to Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation (which would form what is now the Fox network), purchased a 6.5% stake in Orion. Kluge's investment in the company came at the right time- Back to School was a success and ultimately earned $90 million at the box office. By March 1987, the studio's fortunes increased dramatically with a succession of critical and commercial hits, including Platoon (which ultimately won a Best Picture Oscar), Woody Allen's Hannah and Her Sisters, and the sports film Hoosiers. Orion's 1986 offerings totaled 18 Academy Award nominations, more than any other studio. In 1987, Orion achieved further success with RoboCop and No Way Out. By this time, Orion's television division had expanded into the lucrative syndicated game show market under the name Century Towers Productions, in reference to Orion's street address at the time. It produced revivals of format inherited from Heatter-Quigley Productions after the Filmways merger (as Filmways had previously acquired HQ in the late 1960s); this included The New Hollywood Squares, which ran from 1986 to 1989, and a revival of High Rollers which aired in the 1987–88 season. That year, former CBS/Fox Video executive Len White joined Orion Home Video, in order to become president and CEO of the home video division, in order to oversee home video technology, and Orion had excepted to release its first home video titles to be out in the third or fourth quarter of that year, and reported to Larry Hilford, who joined the home video division two years earlier.In January 1987, Kluge faced big competition with the arrival of Sumner Redstone. His theater chain, National Amusements, purchased 6.42 percent of the company's stock. National Amusements later acquired Viacom, increasing their Orion stake at 21%, then 26%. Soon Kluge started buying more Orion stock, leading to his and Redstone's battling it out to take over the company. Kluge ultimately succeeded when Metromedia took over approximately 67% of Orion on May 20, 1988, effectively giving him control of the studio. One analyst commented on the takeover to The Wall Street Journal: "This amount is probably so small to Kluge it doesn't matter. He probably burns that up in a weekend."In 1989, Orion suffered from a disastrous slate of films, placing themselves dead last among the larger Hollywood studios in terms of box office revenue. Among its biggest flops that year were Great Balls of Fire!, the biography of Jerry Lee Lewis starring Dennis Quaid and Winona Ryder; She-Devil, a dark comedy starring Meryl Streep and Roseanne Barr; Speed Zone, an action-comedy vehicle for SCTV alumni John Candy, Joe Flaherty, and Eugene Levy; and Miloš Forman's adaptation of Les Liaisons dangereuses, Valmont, which competed with Dangerous Liaisons, also based on the same source material. Test screenings of the "Weird Al" Yankovic comedy UHF were so strong that Orion had high expectations for it. It flopped at first, but it has since attained a strong cult following. Also that year, it inked a deal with Nelson Entertainment to distribute titles on videocassette and theatrically.In February 1990, Orion signed a deal with Columbia Pictures Entertainment in which the much larger studio would pay Orion $175 million to distribute Orion's movies and television programs overseas. Orion had previously licensed its films to individual distributors territory by territory. That same month, Mike Medavoy left Orion and became head of Tri-Star Pictures.The box-office returns for Orion's 1990 releases were just as dismal as the previous year, with such failures as The Hot Spot and State of Grace. The only bright spot that year was Kevin Costner's western epic Dances with Wolves. It won seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and grossed $400 million worldwide. A few months later, Orion garnered another winner with The Silence of the Lambs, but these two films could not make up for years of losses. Only Kluge's continued infusions of cash were enough to keep the company afloat, but soon he had enough.

 1991–1995: Bankruptcy 
After failing to sell Orion to businessman (and former 20th Century Fox owner) Marvin Davis (Sony, which had recently purchased Columbia Pictures, was also interested), Kluge took drastic steps. First, Orion shut down production. Second, Kluge ordered the sale of several projects, such as The Addams Family (which went to Paramount, though the international rights to the film were retained by Orion), in order to accumulate much-needed cash. Finally, in the spring of 1991, Kluge's people took over the company, leading to the departure of Arthur Krim. Orion's financial problems were so severe, that at the 63rd Annual Academy Awards in March 1991, host Billy Crystal made reference to the studio's debt in his opening monologue, joking that "Reversal of Fortune [is] about a woman in a coma, Awakenings [is] about a man in a coma; and Dances with Wolves [was] released by Orion, a studio in a coma."It was during this time that ABC stepped in to co-finance and assume production over many of Orion TV's shows it had in production, such as American Detective and Equal Justice. After Orion had to shut the television division down, this resulted in projects like The Chuck Woolery Show, which was planned to be produced by Orion, instead having to find new production companies (such as Group W Productions in the case of Woolery). Gary Nardino, former employee of Orion Television Entertainment, moved on to producing for Lorimar Television, taking some of Orion's projects with him, including Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures on Fox, and Hearts are Wild, a co-production with Spelling Television, for CBS; talent deals Orion Television had at the time (with Thomas Carter, Robert Townsend, Paul Stajonovich, Clifton Campbell and Deborah Joy Levine) were also taken by Nardino to Lorimar. On November 25, 1991, Orion sold its Hollywood Squares format rights to King World Productions after Orion closed down its television division.On December 11, 1991, Orion filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. That same month, Orion was in talks with New Line Cinema, a successful independent film company, to acquire the bankrupt studio. By the following April, Orion and New Line Cinema cancelled their plans on the issue of price. Republic Pictures and the then-new Savoy Pictures also attempted to buy Orion, but no deal materialized.In February 1992, Bernstein, who was president and chief executive of Orion at that point, resigned from the studio, Bernstein would go on to become executive vice president at Paramount Pictures.
At the Academy Awards ceremony, broadcast on March 30, 1992, Crystal made another reference to Orion, this time about its demise:Take a great studio like Orion: a few years ago Orion released Platoon, it wins Best Picture. Amadeus, Best Picture. Last year, they released Dances with Wolves wins Best Picture. This year The Silence of the Lambs is nominated for Best Picture. And they can't afford to have another hit! But there is good news and bad news. The good news is that Orion was just purchased, and the bad news is it was bought by the House of Representatives.
The Silence of the Lambs swept all five major Academy Awards; however, a majority of key executives, as well as the talent they had deals with, had left the studio. Hollywood observers had doubts that Orion would be resurrected to its former glory.In May 1992, it was reported that Pleskow was resigning from Orion on July 1 of that year., stating in the New York Times: "There is little for me to do at this point".On November 5, 1992, Orion reemerged from bankruptcy. Its reorganization plan would allow for Orion to continue producing and releasing films, but financing for the features would be provided by outside sources, with the studio purchasing the distribution rights to them after their completion.Orion's bankruptcy also delayed the release of many films the studio had produced or acquired, among them: Love Field (1992), RoboCop 3 (1993), The Dark Half (1993), Blue Sky (1994), Car 54, Where Are You? (1994), Clifford (1994), The Favor (1994), and There Goes My Baby (1994). Orion started releasing these films after their reorganization. Blue Sky won star Jessica Lange an Academy Award for Best Actress in 1995.

 1995–1997: Metromedia International Group 
In November 1995, Orion, two other companies controlled by Kluge, and film and TV house MCEG Sterling (producer of the Look Who's Talking series) were merged to form the Metromedia International Group. Few of the films released during the four years after bankruptcy protection were successful either critically or commercially.
In 1996, Metromedia acquired production company Motion Picture Corporation of America, and installed its heads, Brad Krevoy and Steve Stabler, as co-presidents of Orion. Both received a six picture put picture distribution deal as a part of their contracts.In the years ahead, Orion produced very few films, and primarily released films from other producers, including LIVE Entertainment. Orion Classics, minus its founders (who had moved to Sony Pictures Entertainment and founded Sony Pictures Classics), continued to acquire popular art-house films, such as Boxing Helena (1993), before Metromedia merged the subsidiary with Samuel Goldwyn Entertainment in 1996.

 1997–1999: Acquisition by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer 
In July 1997, Metromedia shareholders approved the sale of Orion (as well as Samuel Goldwyn Entertainment and Motion Picture Corporation of America) to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM). This led to the withdrawal of 85 employees, including Krevoy and Stabler, while 111 other employees were to be laid off within nine months, leaving 25 of them to work at MGM. Orion also brought with it a two-thousand film library, ten completed movies and five direct-to-video features for future release and the Krevoy and Stabler movie put picture distribution deal. Krevoy and Stabler retained the right to the Motion Picture Corporation of America name and their three top movies. Metromedia retained Goldwyn Entertainment's Landmark Theatre Group. One Man's Hero (1999) was the last film released by Orion for 15 years.
MGM kept Orion intact as a corporation, mostly to avoid its video distribution agreement with Warner Home Video and began distributing Orion Pictures films under the Orion Home Video label. MGM acquired the two thirds of the pre-1996 PolyGram Filmed Entertainment library (which included the Epic film library) from Seagram in 1999 for $250 million, increasing their library holdings to 4,000. The PolyGram libraries were purchased by its Orion Pictures subsidiary so as to avoid its 1990 video distribution agreement with Warner Home Video. In March 1999, MGM bought out its distribution contract with Warner Home Video for $225 million, effectively ending the distribution problem.

 2013–present: Revival 
In 2013, Orion returned to television production (after its original TV unit was shut down during its bankruptcy period) with a new syndicated series, Paternity Court.The Orion Pictures name, also as Orion Releasing, was extended in fourth quarter 2014 for smaller multi-platform video on demand and limited theatrical distribution. Its name was first seen again on September 10, 2014, in front of the trailer for The Town That Dreaded Sundown that was released in October. The label's first release was the Brazilian film Vestido pra Casar.In September 2015, Entertainment One Films relaunched the Momentum Pictures banner with an announced deal with Orion Pictures to co-acquire and co-distribute films in the United States and Canada, and selected foreign markets, such as the United Kingdom (Momentum's country of origin). The initial films under the deal were The Wannabe, Fort Tilden and Balls Out. Other films released by Orion Pictures and Momentum Pictures include Pocket Listing and Diablo.Starting in September 2016 with Burn Country, Orion Pictures and Samuel Goldwyn Films paired in acquiring several films.In 2017, Orion TV added another court series, Couples Court, to its syndicated line up. The show is presided over by a husband-wife team and deals with marital issues primarily cheating.On September 6, 2017, MGM officially revitalized the Orion Pictures brand as a standalone, US theatrical marketing and distribution arm with the hiring of John Hegeman, who joined from Blumhouse Tilt (distributor of Orion's The Town That Dreaded Sundown and The Belko Experiment) and incidentally got his start at the original Orion in the 1980s. Hegeman would serve as president of the expanded label and report to Jonathan Glickman, president of MGM's motion picture group. Under his leadership, the "new" Orion will produce, market and distribute four to six modestly budgeted films a year across genres and platforms, and both wide and limited releases for targeted audiences. Its first release, the young adult romance drama Every Day, was released on February 23, 2018.In May 2018, it was announced that Orion Classics would be revived as a multiplatform distribution label, with 8 to 10 films being released per year.On February 5, 2019, MGM and Annapurna Pictures expanded their US joint distribution venture Mirror, rebranding it as United Artists Releasing. Beginning in April 2019, Orion Pictures' upcoming titles would be distributed through the UAR banner and Orion's theatrical distribution staff will move to UAR. The first Orion film to do so was the remake of Child's Play, which was released on June 21, 2019.
On August 20, 2020, it was announced that Orion would be relaunched again, with its focus shifting to films made by underrepresented filmmakers (including people of color, women, the LGBT community and people with disabilities) as part of the efforts to increase inclusivity in the film industry, both in front of and behind the camera, with the hiring of Alana Mayo as the president, replacing Hegeman by October. The first film released with this new focus was Anything's Possible (previously titled What If?), a coming-of-age drama directed by Billy Porter in his directorial debut. This effort continued in 2021 when they, along with Annapurna, acquired the US distribution rights to On the Count of Three two weeks after it premiered at the 2021 Sundance Film Festival.On May 17, 2021, online shopping company Amazon entered negotiations to acquire MGM and even made a bid for about $9 billion, with the intention to own the studio's library, including Orion's films, to grow the Amazon Prime Video catalog. The negotiations are made with Anchorage Capital Kevin Ulrich. On May 26, 2021, it was officially announced that the studio will be acquired by Amazon for $8.45 billion. The merger was finalized on March 17, 2022.On March 4, 2023, Amazon shut down UAR's operations and folded them into MGM, resulting in MGM becoming Orion's new domestic distributor, with Warner Bros. Pictures becoming the studio's new international distributor. In May 2023, Amazon Studios created Amazon MGM Studios Distribution, an international film and television distribution unit for both MGM and Amazon projects, which will include new projects from Orion. On September 17, 2023, American Fiction became the studio's first film to win the People's Choice Award at that year's Toronto International Film Festival.

 Film library 

 Notable films 
During the 1980s and early 1990s, Orion's output included Woody Allen films, Hollywood blockbusters such as the first Terminator and the RoboCop films, comedies such as Throw Momma from the Train, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Caddyshack, Something Wild, UHF, and the Bill & Ted films, and Best Picture Academy Award winners Amadeus, Platoon, Dances with Wolves, and The Silence of the Lambs.Following is a list of the major Academy Awards (Picture, Director, two Screenplay and four Acting awards) for which Orion films were nominated.

 Highest-grossing films 

 Orion's library today 
Almost all of Orion's post-1982 releases, as well as most of the AIP and Filmways backlogs and all of the television output originally produced and distributed by Orion Television, now bear the MGM name. However, in most cases, the 1980s Orion logo has been retained or added, in the case of the Filmways and AIP libraries.
Most ancillary rights to Orion's back catalog from the 1978–1982 joint venture period remain with Warner Bros., including such films as 10 (1979), Caddyshack (1980), Arthur (1981), Excalibur (1981), and Prince of the City (1981). Some post-1982 films originally released by Orion—Lionheart (1987), The Unbearable Lightness of Being (1988), and Amadeus (1984) (the latter two being Saul Zaentz productions)—are currently distributed by Warner Bros. as well. HBO also owns video distribution rights to Three Amigos (1986), as they co-produced the film and owns pay-TV rights. However, MGM owns all other rights and the film's copyright. The Wanderers is owned by the film's producers; however, the copyright is held by MGM/Orion. Orion also retains a controlling interest in The Cotton Club, although major rights are now with Lionsgate, which owns the library of presenting studio Zoetrope Corporation.
Woody Allen's films A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy (1982) and Zelig (1983) are the only Orion films from the original joint venture period now owned by MGM. Orion releases produced by the Hemdale Film Corporation and Nelson Entertainment are included in MGM's library as well, and are incorporated into the Orion library. MGM did not acquire the Hemdale films (which include The Terminator, Hoosiers, and Platoon) or the Nelson films (including the Bill & Ted films) until MGM bought the pre-1996 library of PolyGram Filmed Entertainment (the "Epic library"), which included both companies' libraries, although the television and digital rights to certain Nelson films are now held by Paramount Television (the result of a pre-existing deal Nelson had with Viacom), with television syndication handled on behalf of Paramount Television by Trifecta Entertainment & Media.
Many of the film and television holdings of The Samuel Goldwyn Company have now also been incorporated into the Orion library (with ownership currently held by MGM), and the copyright on some of this material is held by Orion, except The New Adventures of Flipper now carries the MGM Television Entertainment copyright.MGM still holds distribution rights to the 1980s revival of Hollywood Squares and High Rollers the company produced, as well as the remnants of the Heatter-Quigley library that was not erased, including all remaining episodes of the original Squares; they do not own the rights to the format, which is currently owned by CBS Television Distribution, successor-in-interest to King World, who purchased the format rights in 1991 and produced another syndicated revival from 1998 to 2004.
Orion distributed the first Rambo film, First Blood (1982). That film, like the rest of the Rambo franchise, is now owned by StudioCanal as a result of purchasing the library of its co-distributor, Carolco Pictures.

 References 

 Further reading 
Medavoy, Mike; Young, Josh (2002). You're Only as Good as Your Next One: 100 Great Films, 100 Good Films, and 100 for Which I Should Be Shot. New York City: Atria Books.

 External links 

Syed Sayedul Haque Suman
Syed Sayedul Haque Suman (born 3 September 1979) is a Bangladeshi lawyer and politician. He is the incumbent Jatiya Sangsad member representing the Habiganj-4 constituency since January 2024. As an independent candidate, he beat his closest opponent,  Md. Mahbub Ali, the incumbent 2-time parliamentarian from Awami League and a former state minister for civil aviation and tourism, by nearly 100,000 votes.

 Career 
Suman was legal affairs secretary of the Central committee of Bangladesh Awami Jubo League until he was suspended from his role in August 2021.Suman resigned from International Crime Tribunal in February 2022.

 See also 
2024 Bangladeshi general election
List of members of the 12th Jatiya Sangsad

 References 

Daniel Wise (playwright)
Daniel S. Wise is an American playwright, director, producer and author.

 Professional life 
Born in Chicago April 5, 1969, his productions have been presented New York City, on and off Broadway, as well as in Japan, Russia, China, South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, Britain and South Africa.
He pioneered the first major Broadway production in Russia (42nd Street, Moscow 2001-2002); and the first Broadway musical in China as a joint production with the China Ministry of Culture (Rent, 2005-2007 featuring the Broadway cast with Karen Mok); as well as the Blues Brothers International Tour; and several international jazz, music and theatre festivals, including Chuck Berry's international tour of 50 Years of Rock 'N Roll.
As artistic director of the Philharmonia Europa, he brought Eastern European (mainly Ukrainian) musicians together with an American cast for a two-year North American tour of Troika/Columbia Artists Management's The Music of Andrew Lloyd Webber, starring Michael Bolton. He produced The Gathering on Broadway, a play about a Holocaust survivor's personal struggle in coming to terms with the next generation of Jews and Germans, starring Hal Linden; and a new musical comedy based on Anton Chekhov's The Seagull for the 2005 New York Theater Festival (with the Russian composer Alexander Zurabin, and American director Lewis J. Stadlin); as well as a production of the Peking Opera's The Monkey King, at the Lincoln Center. Wise has collaborated on original works with Joseph Stein, Sheldon Harnick, Marvin Hamlisch, Stephen Schwartz, David Shire, Elizabeth Swados and Franco Zeffirelli. Currently he is playwright and director of Soul Doctor, a new Broadway musical about the life of the father of contemporary Jewish Music Shlomo Carlebach, which opened at Circle in the Square Theatre, in August 2013 to rave reviews.

 Personal life 
Wise was born in Chicago and grew up in New York City as a yeshiva student . He studied the violin with Vladimir Zyskind. While in his teens, he began writing freelance journalism for newspapers and comedy shorts for television. He went on to study Talmudic jurisprudence at the Rabbinical College of Canada, where he was ordained by the Chief Rabbi of Montreal Pinhas Hirschprung. He published a multi-volume codification of Talmudic law, which is studied as curriculum in many Talmudic academies.

 References 

Fair Exchange (TV series)
Fair Exchange is an American television sitcom that ran from September 21, 1962 to December 28, 1962 and from March 28, 1963 to September 19, 1963 on CBS. It starred Judy Carne.

 Premise 
Eddie Walker and Thomas Finch were World War II veterans and old friends who decided to have their teenage daughters live in each other's households for a year because Eddie's daughter Patty wanted to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London.
While Patty lived in London with Tommy, his wife Sybil, and their son Neville, Tommy's daughter Heather lived with Eddie, his wife Dorothy, and their son, Tommy, in New York City.
The show focused on the joys and the difficulties that Heather and Patty experienced as they lived in each other's families.
Heather had troubles in trying to deal with a less formality ridden way of life in New York City and in the States, while Patty was trying to deal with the more formal and more tradition-emphasized way of life in London.
The fathers had their own share of difficulties in trying to help the daughters to adjust, while Dorothy and Sybil, while also having to adjust with different girls living in their households, were able to take it more in stride.

 Cast 
Eddie Foy Jr. as Eddie Walker
Audrey Christie as Dorothy Walker
Victor Maddern as Thomas Finch
Diana Chesney as Sybil Finch
Lynn Loring as Patty Walker
Dennis Waterman as Neville Finch
Judy Carne as Heather Finch
Flip Mark as Larry Walker
Maurice Dallimore as Willie Shorthouse

 Episodes 

 Season 1 (1962) 

 Season 2 (1963) 

 Production 
Fair Exchange replaced Rod Serling's The Twilight Zone. The series was "an unusual experiment in full-hour comedy", and "television's first one-hour situation comedy". Early reviews of the program were favorable, but its ratings were not good.Some sources say that after mail protested CBS's decision to cancel the show, the network revived Fair Exchange in a half-hour format, but CBS announced on November 30, 1962, that the program would return in the shorter format. The network had already "agreed to film 13 half-hour episodes for showing next spring."Again the series failed in the ratings and was finally cancelled. The Twilight Zone would replace Fair Exchange mid-season, albeit in an hour-long format. Preliminary plans had called for The Alfred Hitchcock Hour to replace it.Episodes were filmed in Hollywood and in England. The 1962 episodes were broadcast 9:30-10:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Fridays. The 1963 episodes were broadcast 7:30-8 p.m. ET on Thursdays. Competing shows in 1962 included 77 Sunset Strip on ABC and Don't Call Me Charlie! and The Jack Paar Show on NBC. In 1963, the competition included The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet and Wide Country on NBC.Cy Howard was the executive producer, and Ed Feldman was the producer. Jerry Thorpe was the director.

 References 

 External links 
Fair Exchange at IMDb

Nagpur
Nagpur (pronunciation: [naːɡpuːɾ]) is the third-largest city of the Indian state of Maharashtra after Mumbai and Pune. Known as the "Orange City", Nagpur is the 13th largest city in India by population. According to an Oxford's Economics report, Nagpur is projected to be the fifth fastest growing city in the world from 2019 to 2035 with an average growth of 8.41%. It has been proposed as one of the Smart Cities in Maharashtra and is one of the top ten cities in India in Smart City Project execution.Nagpur is the seat of the annual winter session of the Maharashtra state assembly. It is a major commercial and political centre of the Vidarbha region of Maharashtra. In addition, the city derives unique importance from being a key location for the Dalit Buddhist movement and the headquarters for the right-wing Hindu organisation and public serves organisation RSS. Nagpur is also known for the Deekshabhoomi, which is graded an A-class tourism and pilgrimage site, the largest hollow stupa among all the Buddhist stupas in the world. The regional branch of Bombay High Court is also situated within the city.According to a survey by ABP News-Ipsos, Nagpur was identified as the best city in India topping in livability, greenery, Public Transport, and Health Care indices in 2013. The city was adjudged the 20th cleanest city in India and the top mover in the western zone as per Swachh Sarvekshan 2016. It was awarded as the best city for innovation and best practice in Swachh Sarvekshan 2018. It was also declared as open defecation free in January 2018 under Swachh Bharat Mission. It is also one of the safest cities for women in India. The city also ranked 25th in Ease of Living index 2020 among 111 cities in India. It was ranked the 8th most competitive city in the country by the Institute for Competitiveness for the year 2017.It is famous for Nagpur oranges and is sometimes known as the Orange City for being a major trade centre of oranges cultivated in large part of the region. It is also called the Tiger Capital of India or the Tiger Gateway of India as many tiger reserves are located in and around the city and also hosts the regional office of National Tiger Conservation Authority. The city was founded in 1702 by the Gond King Bakht Buland Shah of Deogarh and later became a part of the Maratha Empire under the royal Bhonsale dynasty. The British East India Company took over Nagpur in the 19th century and made it the capital of the Central Provinces and Berar. After the first re-organisation of states, the city lost its status as the capital. Following the informal Nagpur Pact between political leaders, it was made the second capital of Maharashtra.

 History 

 Etymology 
Nagpur is named after the Great river Nag which flows through the city. The old Nagpur city (today called 'Mahal') is situated on north banks of the river Nag. The suffix pur means "city" in many Indian languages.One of the earlier names of Nagpur was "Fanindrapura". It derives its origin from the Marathi word fana (फण; meaning hood of a cobra). Nagpur's first newspaper was named Fanindramani, which means a jewel that is believed to be suspended over a cobra's hood. It is this jewel that lights up the darkness, hence the name of the newspaper. B. R. Ambedkar claimed that both the city and the river are named after the 'Nags' who were opponents of the Indo-Aryans. During British rule, the name of the city was spelt and pronounced as "Nagpore".

 Early and medieval history 
Human existence around present-day Nagpur can be traced back 3000 years to the 8th century BCE. Mehir burial sites at the Drugdhamna (near the Mhada colony) indicate that the megalithic culture existed around Nagpur and is still followed. The first reference to the name "Nagpur" is found in a 10th-century copper-plate inscription discovered at Devali in the neighbouring Wardha District. The inscription is a record of grant of a village situated in the Visaya (district) of Nagpura-Nandivardhana during the time of the Rastrakuta king Krsna III in the Saka year 862 (940 CE).Towards the end of the 3rd century, King Vindhyasakti is known to have ruled the Nagpur region. In the 4th century, the Vakataka Dynasty ruled over the Nagpur region and surrounding areas and had good relations with the Gupta Empire. The Vakataka king Prithvisena I moved his capital to Nagardhan (ancient name Nandivardhana), 38 km (24 mi) from Nagpur. After the Vakatakas, the region came under the rule of the Hindu kingdoms of the Badami Chalukyas, the Rashtrakutas. The Paramaras or Panwars of Malwa appear to have controlled the Nagpur region in the 11th century. A prashasti inscription of the Paramara king Lakshmadeva (r. c. 1086–1094) has been found at Nagpur. Subsequently, the region came under the Yadavas of Devagiri. In 1296, Allauddin Khilji invaded the Yadava Kingdom after capturing Deogiri, after which the Tughlaq Dynasty came to power in 1317.
In the 17th century, the Mughal Empire conquered the region, however during Mughal era, regional administration was carried out by the Gond kingdom of Deogarh in the Chhindwara district of the modern-day state of Madhya Pradesh. In the 18th century, Bhonsles of the Maratha Empire established the Nagpur kingdom based in the city.

 Modern history 
Bakht Buland Shah actually founded the city of Nagpur in 1702 (according to different sources) by joining the twelve small villages formerly known as Rajapur Barsa or Barasta. An able administrator, he incentivised large-scale immigration of Marathi Hindu cultivators to increase economic activity. After Bhakt Buland Shah, the next Raja of Deogarh was Chand Sultan, who resided principally in the country below the hills, fixing his capital at Nagpur, which he turned into a walled town. On Chand Sultan's death in 1739, Wali Shah, an illegitimate son of Bakht Buland, usurped the throne and Chand Sultan's widow invoked the aid of the Maratha leader Raghoji Bhosale of Berar in the interest of her sons Akbar Shah and Burhan Shah. The usurper was put to death and the rightful heirs placed on the throne. After 1743, a series of Maratha rulers came to power, starting with Raghoji Bhosale, who conquered the territories of Deogarh, Chanda and Chhattisgarh by 1751.Nagpur was burnt substantially in 1765 and again partially in 1811 by marauding Pindaris. However, the development of the city of Nagpur continued. In 1803 Raghoji II Bhosale joined the Peshwa against the British in the Second Anglo-Maratha War, but the British prevailed. After Raghoji II's death in 1816, his son Parsaji was deposed and murdered by Mudhoji II Bhosale. Despite the fact that he had entered into a treaty with the British in the same year, Mudhoji joined the Peshwa in the Third Anglo-Maratha War in 1817 against the British but suffered a defeat at Sitabuldi in present-day Nagpur. The fierce battle was a turning point as it laid the foundations of the downfall of the Bhosales and paved the way for the British acquisition of Nagpur city. Mudhoji was deposed after a temporary restoration to the throne, after which the British placed Raghoji III Bhosale, the grandchild of Raghoji II, on the throne. During the rule of Raghoji III (which lasted until 1840), the region was administered by a British resident. In 1853, the British took control of Nagpur after Raghoji III died without leaving an heir.
From 1853 to 1861, the Nagpur Province (which consisted of the present Nagpur region, Chhindwara, and Chhattisgarh) became part of the Central Provinces and Berar and came under the administration of a commissioner under the British central government, with Nagpur as its capital. Berar was added in 1903. The advent of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway (GIP) in 1867 spurred its development as a trade centre. Tata group started its first textile mill at Nagpur, formally known as Central India Spinning and Weaving Company Ltd. The company was popularly known as "Empress Mills" as it was inaugurated on 1 January 1877, the day queen Victoria was proclaimed Empress of India.The non-co-operation movement was launched in the Nagpur session of 1920. The city witnessed a Hindu–Muslim riot in 1923 which had profound impact on K. B. Hedgewar, who in 1925 founded the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), a public serves organisation in Mohitewada Mahal, Nagpur with an idea of creating a Hindu ethnostate. After the 1927 Nagpur riots RSS gained further popularity in Nagpur and the organisation grew nationwide.

 After Indian independence 
After India gained independence in 1947, Central Provinces and Berar became a province of India. In 1950, the Central Provinces and Berar was reorganised as the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh with Nagpur as its capital. When the Indian states were reorganised along the linguistic lines in 1956, Nagpur and Berar regions were transferred to the state of Bombay, which was split into the states of Maharashtra and Gujarat in 1960. At a formal public ceremony held on 14 October 1956 in Nagpur, B. R. Ambedkar and his supporters converted to Buddhism, which started the Dalit Buddhist movement that is still active. In 1994, the city of Nagpur witnessed its most violent day in modern times: in the Gowari stampede, police fired on Gowari protestors demanding Scheduled Tribe status and caused a mass panic.Nagpur completed 300 years of establishment in the year 2002. A big celebration was organised to mark the event.

 Geography 

 Topography 
Nagpur is located at the exact centre of the Indian subcontinent, close to the geometric centre of the quadrilateral connecting the four major metros of India, viz. Chennai, Mumbai, New Delhi and Kolkata. The city has the Zero Mile Stone locating the geographical centre of India, which was used by the British to measure all distances within the Indian subcontinent.
The city lies on the Deccan plateau of the Indian subcontinent and has a mean altitude of 310.5 meters above sea level. The underlying rock strata are covered with alluvial deposits resulting from the flood plain of the Kanhan River. In some places, these give rise to granular sandy soil. In low-lying areas, which are poorly drained, the soil is alluvial clay with poor permeability characteristics. In the eastern part of the city, crystalline metamorphic rocks such as gneiss, schist and granites are found, while in the northern part yellowish sandstones and clays of the lower Gondwana formations are found.
Nagpur city is dotted with natural and artificial lakes. The largest lake is Ambazari Lake. Other natural lakes include Gorewada Lake and Telankhedi lake. Sonegaon and Gandhisagar Lakes are artificial, created by the city's historical rulers. Nag river, Pilli Nadi, and nallas form the natural drainage pattern for the city. Nagpur is known for its greenery and was adjudged the cleanest and second greenest in India after Chandigarh in 2010.

 Climate 
Nagpur has tropical wet and dry climate (Aw in Köppen climate classification) with dry conditions prevailing for most of the year. It receives about 163 mm of rainfall in June. The amount of rainfall is increased in July to 294 mm. Gradual decrease of rainfall has been observed from July to August (278 mm) and September (160 mm). The highest recorded daily rainfall was 304 mm on 14 July 1994. Summers are extremely hot, lasting from March to June, with May being the hottest month. Winter lasts from November to February, during which temperatures occasionally drop to 10 °C (50 °F). The highest recorded temperature in the city was 47.9 °C on 29 May 2013, while the lowest was 3.5 °C on 29 December 2018.

 Extreme weather 
The average number of heat wave days occurring in Nagpur in the summer months of March, April and May is 0.5, 2.4 and 7.2 days, respectively. May is the most uncomfortable and hottest month with, for example, 20 days of heat waves being experienced in 1973, 1988 and 2010. The summer season is characterised by other severe weather activity like thunderstorms, dust storms, hailstorms and squalls. Generally, hailstorms occur during March and dust storms during March and April. These occur infrequently (1 per 10 days). Squalls occur more frequently with 0.3 per day in March and April rising to 0.8 per day in May. Due to the heat waves in the city the Indian Government with the help of New York-based National Resources Defense Council has launched a heat wave program since March 2016.

 Administration 
Nagpur was the capital of Central Provinces and Berar for 100 years. After the State Reorganisation in 1956, Nagpur and Vidarbha region become part of the new Maharashtra State. With this Nagpur lost the capital status and hence a pact was signed between leaders, the Nagpur Pact. According to the pact, one session of state legislature and the state legislative council takes place in Vidhan Bhavan, Nagpur.: 671 Usually the winter session takes place in the city exception being in 1966, 1971 and 2018 when the monsoon session took place in the city. Nagpur has a district court and its own bench of the Bombay High Court which was established on 9 January 1936. The city consists of six Vidhan Sabha constituencies namely Nagpur West, Nagpur South, Nagpur South West, Nagpur East, Nagpur North and Nagpur Central. These constituencies are part of the Nagpur Lok Sabha constituency.

 Local government 

The Municipal Council for Nagpur was established in 1864. At that time, the area under the jurisdiction of the Nagpur Municipal Council was 15.5 km2 and the population was 82,000. The duties entrusted to the Nagpur Municipal Council were to maintain cleanliness and arrange for street lights and water supply with government assistance. The Municipal Corporation came into existence in March 1951. Nagpur is administered by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), which is a democratically elected civic governing body. The Corporation elects a Mayor who along with a Deputy Mayor heads the organisation. The mayor carries out the activities through various committees such as the Standing Committee, health and sanitation committee, education committee, water works, public works, public health and market committee. Since January 2021, the mayor of Nagpur is Dayashankar Tiwari, The administrative head of the corporation is the Municipal Commissioner, an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer appointed by the state government. The Municipal Commissioner along with the Deputy Municipal Commissioners, carry out various activities related to engineering, health and sanitation, taxation and its recovery. Various departments such as public relations, library, health, finance, buildings, slums, roads, street lighting, traffic, establishment, gardens, public works, local audit, legal services, waterworks, education, octroi and fire services manage their specific activities. The activities of NMC are administered by its zonal offices. There are 10 zonal offices in Nagpur – Laxmi Nagar, Dharampeth, Hanuman Nagar, Dhantoli, Nehru Nagar, Gandhi Baugh, Sataranjipura, Lakkadganj, Ashi Nagar and Mangalwari. These zones are divided into 145 wards. Each ward is represented by a corporator, a majority of whom are elected in local elections. NMC has various departments including healthcare, education, and a fire brigade dedicated for each service and project of the city.Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) is a local planning authority which works with the NMC and carries out the development of the civic infrastructure and new urban areas on its behalf. NIT is headed by a chairman, an Indian Administrative Service Officer appointed by the state government. Since the 1990s the urban agglomeration had rapidly expanded beyond the city's municipal boundaries. This growth had presented challenges for the future growth of the city and its fringes in an organised manner. With a view of achieving balanced development within the region, the Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) was notified as the Special Planning Authority (SPA) for the Nagpur Metropolitan Area (NMA) and entrusted with the preparation of a Statutory Development Plan as per provisions of the MRTP Act, 1966. The notified NMA comprises areas outside the Nagpur city and includes 721 villages under 9 tehsils of the Nagpur District spreading across an area of 3,567 km2. In 1999, the government of Maharashtra declared that the Nagpur Metropolitan Area shall comprise all of Nagpur city, Nagpur Gramin (rural areas near Nagpur), Hingna, Parseoni, Mauda and Kamptee Taluka and parts of Savner, Kalmeshwar, Umred and Kuhi. The boundaries of the "Metro region" around the municipal corporation limits of the city have been defined as per the notification. In 2002, the government extended the jurisdiction of the Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) by 25 to 40 kilometres. This new area was defined under clause 1(2) of NIT Act-1936 as "Nagpur Metropolitan Area". Maharashtra State Cabinet in 2016 had paved the way for NIT to become Nagpur Metropolitan Region Development Authority (NMRDA) NMRDA was notified by the Government of Maharashtra in March 2017. NMRDA has been made on the lines of Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority. NMRDA has been mandated to monitor development in the metropolis comprising 721 villages across nine tehsils in the district. The body is headed by Metropolitan Commissioner, an Indian Administrative Service Officer appointed by the state government as was with the NIT chairman. Currently, NIT is the planning authority for developing projects around the city in land owned by it.The Maharashtra government had appointed Larsen & Toubro (L&T) as the implementation partner to convert Nagpur into the country's first large scale, integrated, smart city. The state government had also decided to develop the city complete with five hubs, from textile centres to defence sector. Nagpur was selected from Maharashtra among other cities under Government of India's Smart Cities Mission. City was selected in the third round of selection. For the implementation of the projects under Smart Cities Mission a special purpose vehicle was formed which was named Nagpur Smart and Sustainable City Development Corporation Ltd.Nagpur Police is headed by a Police Commissioner who is of the rank of Additional Director General of Police of Maharashtra Police. Nagpur Police is divided into 5 Zones, each headed by a Deputy Commissioner of Police, while traffic zones are divided into eleven zones each headed by an inspector. The State C.I.D Regional Headquarter, State Reserve Police Force and Regional Police Training School are situated at Nagpur.

 Utility services 
Originally, all the utility services of the city were carried out by NMC departments, but from 2008 onwards privatisation had started for major utility services. The Orange City Water Private Limited (OCW), a joint venture of Veolia Water India Pvt. Ltd and Vishwaraj Infrastructure Ltd., manages the water supply for the city as well as Nagpur Municipal Corporation's water treatment plants at Gorewada, all the elevated service reservoirs, ground service reservoirs, master balancing reservoirs commonly known as water tanks. This joint venture was established in November 2011 and was awarded the contract to execute 24x7 water supply project and operational and maintenance of waterworks for 25 years. Kanak Resources Management Ltd. was awarded the contract for garbage collection in the city as per Nagpur Bin Free Project in 2009 by NMC. It was replaced by AG Enviro Infra Project Pvt Ltd and BVG India in 2019. In electricity supply, which was first managed by MSEB was then replaced by MSEDCL. Nagpur Fire Brigade has nine fire stations at various locations in the city. India Post which is a governmental postal department has two head post offices and many post offices including sub-post offices at various locations in the city and are part of the logistics services in the city along with various other private operators.

 Health care 

NMC in collaboration with Central Government, State Government, UNICEF, World Health Organization and Non-governmental organisation conducts and maintains various health schemes in the city. City health line is an initiative started by NMC dedicated to the health of citizens of Nagpur. This includes providing computerised comparative information and action in the field to local citizens. NMC runs three indoor patient hospitals including Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya at LAD square, Panchpaoli Maternity Hospital in Panchpaoli and Isolation Hospital in Immamwada. Besides, the civic body runs three big diagnostic centres at Mahal, Sadar and also at Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya. Apart from these, NMC has 57 outpatient dispensaries (OPDs), including 23 health posts sanctioned under Union Government's schemes, 15 allopathy hospitals, 12 ayurvedic hospitals, three homoeopathy hospitals, three naturopathy hospitals and one Unani hospital. In 2013, ABP News-Ipsos declared Nagpur the country's best city for health care services. The city is home to numerous hospitals, some run by the government and some private and consists of various super-specialty and multi-specialty ones. Recently various cancer speciality hospitals providing treatment until tertiary care for cancer patients have been established in the city making it a natural medical hub for nearby areas and boosting healthcare system in the city. Nagpur is a health hub for Central India and caters to a large geographical area arbitrarily bounded by Delhi in the north, Kolkata in the east, Mumbai-Pune in the west and Hyderabad in the south. People from Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Orissa, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana regularly come to Nagpur for their health needs. Nagpur boasts of super-specialty physicians and surgeons serving its population in both public sector government-run hospitals and well equipped private hospitals catering to all strata of society. AIIMS has also been established in MIHAN, Nagpur.According to 2005 National Family Health Survey, Nagpur has a fertility rate of 1.9 which is below the replacement level.: 46, 47  The infant mortality rate was 43 per 1,000 live births, and the mortality rate for children under five was 50 per 1,000 live births. : 47, 48  About 57% slum and 72% non-slum children have received all the mandatory vaccines which include BCG, measles and full courses of polio and DPT.: 48, 49   In Nagpur, 78 per cent of poor children are anaemic, including 49 per cent who have moderate to severe anaemia.: 55  About 45% of children under five years of age and 31% of women are underweight.: 54, 55  The poor people from the city mostly cite the reason of the lack of a nearby facility, poor quality of care and excessive waiting time for not visiting any government hospitals for treatment.: 61  According to the National Family Health Survey (NFHS-4) of 2015-16 for Nagpur, households having improved drinking water source is 95.3%, households having improved sanitation facility is 77.3% and households having clean fuel for cooking is 87.6%. Health Insurance coverage among households in the city are 19.5%. Female sterilisation is more prominent than male sterilisation in Nagpur. Institutional births in the city is 97%. Children below 5 years who are anaemic are 43.50%, while women and men in the age group of 15 to 49 years who are anaemic are 45.00% and 21.20%, respectively.

 Military establishments 
Nagpur is an important city for the Indian armed forces. Maintenance Command of Indian Air Force has its current headquarters at Vayusena Nagar in Nagpur. It houses Mi-8 helicopters and the IAF carriers IL-76 and handles the maintenance, repair, and operations of all aircraft, helicopters and other equipment.The ordnance factory and staff college of ordnance factory Ambajhari and National Academy of Defence Production for Group A officer of ordnance factories are in the western part of the city. Sitabuldi Fort is managed by the Uttar Maharashtra and Gujarat sub area hq.of the Indian Army and citizens are allowed to visit the premises on Republic day, Maharashtra day and Independence day.The 'raison d'être' for Kamptee, the military cantonment, is still operational. Kamptee Cantonment houses the Officers Training Academy for National Cadets Corps, which is the only one of its kind. It is also the regimental centre of one of the oldest and most respected regiments in the Indian Army, the Brigade of the Guards. Guards, located at Kamptee, are the only regiment in the Indian Army which have won two PVC (Param Veer Chakra), the highest gallantry awarded to soldiers for wartime operations. There are also other military establishments and a well equipped military hospital to care for the health of the armed forces personnel. The Army Postal Service centre is also operational in the cantonment since 1948, to provide training to personnel of Department of Post who volunteer themselves for the Army. Nagpur's National Civil Defence College provides civil defence and disaster management training to pupils from all over India and abroad. Indian Air Force's IL-76 transport planes nicknamed "Gajraj" are also based in Nagpur.

 Demographics 

 Population 
As of the 2011 census, Nagpur municipality has a population of 2,405,665. The total population constitute, 1,225,405 males and 1,180,270 females. The total children (ages 0–6) are 247,078, of whom 128,290 are boys and 118,788 are girls. Children form 10.27% of total population of Nagpur. The total number of slums number 179,952, in which 859,487 people reside. This is around 35.73% of the total population of Nagpur. The municipality has a sex ratio of 963 females per 1,000 males and child sex ratio of 926 girls per 1,000 boys. 1,984,123 people are literate, of whom 1,036,097 are male and 948,026 are female. Average literacy rate of Nagpur city are 91.92%. Men are 94.44% and women are 89.31% literate.

 Religion 
Hinduism is the majority religion in Nagpur city with 69.46% followers. Buddhism is the second most popular religion in Nagpur city with 15.57% following it. Nagpur is famous for the Buddhist site of Deekshabhoomi. In Nagpur city, Islam is followed by 11.95%, Christianity by 1.15%, Jainism by 0.90% and Sikhism by 0.68%. Around 0.10% stated 'Other Religion' and approximately 0.20% stated 'No Particular Religion'.

 Language 

Marathi is the most-spoken language, spoken by 60.63% of the population. Hindi and Urdu are the second and third largest languages, spoken by 22.74% and 6.36% of the population respectively. Other languages spoken in Nagpur include Chhattisgarhi (2.29%), Sindhi (1.79%), Gujarati (1.16%) and Punjabi (0.91%). There are also small numbers of Telugu, Bengali and Gondi speakers in the city.

 Economy 
Nagpur is an emerging metropolis. Nagpur's nominal GDP was estimated to be around ₹1,53,027 crores in 2021–22, making it the largest economic centre in entire central India. Nagpur district has a per-capita GDP of ₹2,46,750 as of 2021-22 financial year, being the highest in the central India In 2004, it was ranked the fastest-growing city in India in terms of the number of households with an annual income of ₹10 million or more. Nagpur has been the main centre of commerce in the region of Vidarbha since its early days and is an important trading location. Although, Nagpur's economic importance gradually declined relative to Mumbai and Pune after the merging of Vidarbha into Maharashtra because of a period of neglect by the state government, the city's economy later recovered.
The city is important for the banking sector as it hosts the regional office of Reserve Bank of India, which was opened on 10 September 1956. The Reserve Bank of India has two branches in Nagpur, one of which houses India's entire gold assets. Sitabuldi market in central Nagpur, known as the heart of the city, is the major commercial market area.Nagpur is home to ice-cream manufacturer Dinshaws, Indian dry food manufacturer Haldiram's, Indian ready-to-cook food manufacturer Actchawa, spice manufacturer Suruchi International, Ayurvedic products company Vicco, Baidyanath & Vithoba, Water Tank & Pipe manufacturing company R C Plasto  and Explosives & Ammunition company Solar Industries.For centuries, Nagpur has been famous for its orange gardens in the country, hence the name "Orange City". Orange cultivation has been expanding and it is the biggest marketplace for oranges in the country. The Maharashtra Agro Industrial Development Corporation has its multi fruit processing division called Nagpur Orange Grower's Association (NOGA) which has an installed capacity of 4,950 MT of fruits per annum. Orange is also exported to various regions in the country as well to other countries. Nagpur is also famous for the cotton and silk which is woven by its large Koshti population of handloom weavers which are around 5,000.Nagpur and the Vidarbha region have a very prominent power sector as compared to the rest of Maharashtra. Koradi Thermal Power Station and Khaparkheda Thermal Power Station are two major thermal power stations located near Nagpur and operated by MSPGCL. NTPC has a super thermal power plant called Mauda Super Thermal Power Station in Mauda around 40 km from Nagpur and Vidarbha Industries Power Limited (a subsidiary of Reliance Power) is situated at Butibori
The Multi-modal International Hub Airport at Nagpur (MIHAN) is an ongoing project for the Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, Nagpur. The government of Maharashtra formed a special purpose entity, Maharashtra Airport Development Company, for the development of MIHAN. 

Prominent Information Technology companies such as TCS, Tech Mahindra, HCL, GlobalLogic, Persistent Systems, Infosys, T-Systems, Ebix, LTIMindtree,Accenture, Zoho, Hexaware etc. are located at various IT parks in Nagpur . Tata Advanced Systems, erstwhile TAL Manufacturing Solutions, has its facility in the SEZ for manufacturing structural components for Boeing and Airbus. Air India Engineering Services Limited and AAR-Indamer have their MRO Facility in the SEZ. Dassault Reliance Aerospace Limited (DRAL) and Thales Reliance Defence System also have their manufacturing facilities in MIHAN. Pharmaceutical company Lupin also has its facility in the SEZ.Apart from MIHAN SEZ the city has three prominent MIDC areas nearby. Prominent Industries located at various industrial areas are Indo Rama Synthetics, Gammon India Limited, KEC International, Calderys India, CEAT Tyres, Mahindra and Mahindra, Candico, Pix Transmissions, JSW Steel, ESAB India Ltd, Johnson Lifts,  Sintex, Grindwell Norton, Berger Becker Coatings, Horiba India, RCCPL, Adani Wilmar, Mother Dairy, Air Liquide North India, Patanjali Foods, UltraTech Cement, Parker Hannifin, Elkem South Asia etc.
The city is also fast growing as a logistics hub and houses three Inland Container Depot, one each of Container Corporation of India, Distribution Logistics Infrastructure and Adani Logistics.Owing to rich natural resources in the region, mining is a major activity. Several government organisations related to the mining industry are based in Nagpur, which includes Western Coalfields Limited (one of the eight fully owned subsidiaries of Coal India Limited), MOIL, Mineral Exploration and consultancy Limited and Indian Bureau of Mines.

 Education 

Nagpur is a major education hub in Central India.There are two types of schools in the city. NMC (Government) run schools and private schools run by trusts. These schools follow the 10+2+3/4 plan (15 years of schooling leading to the first degree), the first ten years constituting school education consisting of four years primary level, three years of upper primary level and three years of high school level with a public examination at the end of tenth class and 12th class constituting the Secondary and Higher Secondary Board Examination, respectively. This is followed by either a general degree course in a chosen field of study or a professional degree course, such as law, engineering and medicine. These schools are governed by either of the following boards: Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, Central Board for Secondary Education (CBSE), Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) and The International Baccalaureate (IB).
Admission to professional graduation colleges in Nagpur is through MHT-CET, JEE (Main), CAT, CLAT, GATE, CMAT, GMAT, GPAT and NEET.
Nagpur has five state universities: Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University (founded in 1923 as Nagpur University, one of the oldest in the country and having more than 600 affiliated colleges), Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University, Kavikulaguru Kalidas Sanskrit University, Maharashtra National Law University and Laxminarayan Innovation Technological University. Symbiosis International University also has its campus in the city Nagpur has five government medical colleges, Government Medical College, Indira Gandhi Government Medical College, Nagpur, Government Dental College, Government Ayurvedic College & All India Institute of Medical Sciences, and one private medical college, N.K.P. Salve Institute of Medical Sciences. Medical colleges in the city are affiliated to Maharashtra University of Health Sciences while AIIMS is an autonomous medical university.
Most engineering colleges in the city are affiliated with Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University. Government Polytechnic, Nagpur (established 1914) is one of the oldest polytechnic in India. Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, located in the city, is the only NIT in Maharashtra. Indian Institute of Information Technology has been established as a PPP with TCS and Ceinsys (erstwhile ADCC Infocad) as industry partners in 2016. A Government College of Engineering started in the academic year 2016-17. National Fire Service College, under the Ministry of Home Affairs is also located in the city which was established in the year 1957.Nagpur has two major management institutes, Indian Institute of Management established in 2015 and Institute of Management Technology, private management college, established in 2004. College of Agriculture is an old college in the city and was one of the first five agriculture colleges in the country founded in 1906 by the then British Government.Nagpur also has other centrally funded institutes like National Power Training Institute, Central Institute for Cotton Research, Central Institute of Mining and Fuel Research, Central Power Research Institute, National Academy of Direct Taxes, National Civil Defence College, National Research Centre for Citrus, Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation, Rajiv Gandhi National Institute of Intellectual Property Management, Jawaharlal Nehru Aluminium Research Development and Design Centre (JNARDDC), National Institute of Miners’ Health (NIMH) and National Environmental Engineering Research Institute.
Nagpur also has an IGNOU and YCMOU regional centre.

 Culture 

 Cultural events and literature 
The city contains people from other Indian states as well as people belonging to the world's major faiths, and yet is known for staying calm during communal conflicts in India. Nagpur plays host to cultural events throughout the year. Cultural and literary societies in Nagpur include Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh (for development of Marathi), Vidarbha Rashtrabhasha Prachar Samiti (promotion and spreading Hindi) and Vidarbha Hindi Sahitya Sammelan (for promoting Hindi). Marathi Sahitya Sammelan, the conference on Marathi Literature were held twice in Nagpur city. Nagpur also hosts the annual Orange City Literature festival since 2019 and Vidarbha Literary Fest since 2020, featuring local and international authors. Nagpur is the head office of Aadim Samvidhan Sanrakshan Samiti (working for the rights of scheduled tribes).
The South-Central Zone Cultural Centre also sponsors cultural events in Nagpur city, such as the Orange City Craft Mela and Folk Dance Festival, Vidarbha which is noted for its numerous folk-dances such as the human tiger. Newspapers are published from Nagpur in Marathi, English and Hindi. In addition, the Government of Maharashtra organises a week-long Kalidas Festival, a series of music and dance performances, by national level artists. Nagpur Municipal Corporation in partnership with Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation organises Nagpur Mohotsav at Yeshwant Stadium, in which many distinguish artists participate. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation also organises the Orange City International Film Festival (OCIFF) annually, in association with Saptak, Pune Film Foundation, Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh, and Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University (RTMNU).The Nagpur Central Museum (est. 1863) maintains collections are mainly for Vidarbha region.
Three brothers Ghulam Ali (Kotwal), Mohammad Saaduddin (Subedar) and Mohammad Saladuddin (Minister and Kotwal) from Jhajjar are remembered as great scholars of Urdu and Persian during the reign of Maharaja Senasaheb Subha Chhatrapati Raghuji Bapusaheb Bhonsle III. They founded 'Jhajjar Bagh' at Hansapuri (Now Mominpura). In this location, they built their residence 'Aina-e Mahal', a well and a Masjid (now Masjid Ahle Hadith). 'Jhajjar Bagh' also known as 'Subedar ka Bada' was located where nowadays Mohammad Ali Road at Mominpura, Jamia Masjid, Mohammad Ali Sarai and Furqania Madrasa are located.In 2013 NMC erected the gigantic Namantar Shahid Smarak in memory of Namantar Andolan martyrs. The Orange City LGBTQ Pride March is also held annually in Nagpur, along with the Nagpur LGBT Queer Carnival during the pride month

 Religious places and festivals 
Deekshabhoomi, the largest hollow stupa or the largest dome shaped monument and an important place of the Buddhist movement is, located in Nagpur. Every year on the day of Vijayadashami, i.e. Dussehra, followers of Ambedkar visit Deekshabhoomi to mark the conversion ceremony of Ambedkar and his followers in Nagpur into Buddhism that took place on 14 October 1956. It has been given 'A' grade tourist place status by Maharashtra Government in March 2016. 14 April, which is the birthdate of Ambedkar, is celebrated as Ambedkar Jayanti.
Jainism has a good presence in Nagpur. There are nearly 30 Jain temples. The old ones are Sengan Jain temple Ladpura, Parwarpura Jain temple, Kirana oli Jain temple, and Juna oli Jain temple. In west Nagpur Shri 1008 Shantinath Digamber Bhagwan temple is situated.
The most famous temple in Nagpur is Tekdi Ganesh Mandir, and is said to be one of the Swayambhu ("self-manifested") temples in the city. Sri Poddareshwar Ram Mandir and Shri Mahalaxmi Devi temple of Koradi are important Hindu temples.Religious events are observed in the city throughout the year. Ram Navami is celebrated in Nagpur with shobha yatra with a procession of floats depicting events from the Ramayana. Processions are also held on important festivals of other religions such as Dhamma Chakra Pravartan Din, Vijayadashami, Eid E Milad, Guru Nanak Jayanti, Mahavir Jayanti, Durga puja, Ganesh Chaturthi and Moharram. Like the rest of India, Nagpurkars celebrate major Hindu festivals like Diwali, Holi and Dussera with enthusiasm. Celebrations lasting for several days are held on Ganesh Chaturthi and Durga Puja festivals in virtually every small locality in the city.

The city also contains a sizeable Muslim population, and famous places of worship for Muslims include the Jama Masjid-Mominpura and Bohri Jamatkhana-Itwari. The most famous shrine (dargah) of Tajuddin Muhammad Badruddin is at Tajabad. Annual Urs is celebrated in great enthusiasm and unity on 26th of Muharram. Nagpur Is also called as Tajpur as the holy shirine of Sufi Saint Baba Tajuddin.
The St. Francis De Sales Cathedral is located in Sadar as well as the All Saints Cathedral church. There are many south Indian temples in Nagpur like Sarveshwara Devalayam, where all south Indian festivals are celebrated like Sitarama Kalyanam, Radha Kalyanam Dhanurmasa celebration with Andal Kalyanam, Balaji temple in seminary hills where every year Bramhotsavam to Lord Balaji and Lord Kartikeya is celebrated here. There are 2 Ayyapa temples, one at Ayyapa Nagar and the other at Harihara Nagar, Raghvendraswami Mutt, Murugananda Swami Temple at Mohan Nagar, Nimishamba Devi temple Subramanyiam devastanam at Sitabuldi and many more such south Indian temples are here in Nagpur as there is quite a good populations of south Indians in Nagpur.
Marbat Festival is a unique festival for Nagpur and is organised every year a day after the bullock festival of 'Pola'. The tradition of taking out the Marbat processions of 'kali' (black) and 'pivli' (yellow) Marbats (idols), started in 1880 in the eastern part of the city. A number of 'badgyas' (Marathi) (Meaning Mascots in English), representing contemporary symbols of evil, comprise another feature of the annual processions. This festival dates back to the 19th century when the Bhonsla dynasty ruled.There is a Parsi Zoroastrian Agiary (Dar-e-Meher) in Nagpur, where the Parsi New Year is celebrated by the Parsi community in Nagpur.

 Arts and crafts 
The tradition of painting in Nagpur was patronised by the Royal House of the Bhonsales as well as common people. Illustrated manuscripts, including of the Bhagavat, Jnaaneshwari, Shakuntala, and Geeta, and the folk patachitras related to some festivals are available besides murals. The community of artists was called chitaris (painters), and this community has today turned to sculpt.
Textile was once an important industry in Nagpur. Good quality cotton was produced in abundant quantities thanks to a suitable soil and climate. With the introduction of the railways, cotton sales and goods transport flourished. Besides cotton textiles, silk and wool weaving was also practised in the district. Silk sarees and pagota, patka, dhoti, and borders were woven with the silk thread.Every year Nagpur celebrates Orange City Literature Festival in the month of November.

 Cuisine 

The Vidharbha region has its own distinctive cuisine known as the Varhadi cuisine or Saoji cuisine. Saoji or Savji cuisine was the main cuisine of the Savji community. This traditional food is famous for its spicy taste. The special spices used in the gravy include black pepper, dry coriander, bay leaves, grey cardamom, cinnamon, cloves, and ample use of poppy seeds. Non-vegetarian food especially chicken and mutton are commonly eaten in Saoji establishments in Nagpur. There are numerous Savji bhojanalays in Nagpur which are so popular in Maharashtra that the renowned Indian chef Sanjeev Kapoor once featured Savji mutton on one of his TV shows and the recipe is listed on his website. Nagpur is also famous for its oranges, which have some typical qualities have recently begun to attract international attention. Numerous beverages are made out of the oranges. Santra Barfi is also a famous dish, arising from orange which is produced locally in Nagpur. Mominpura is a majority Muslim area of the city and it is famous for its Mughal dishes and Biryani. The city is also famous for rare black chickens called Kadaknath Chicken which are cooked in varhadi style.Nagpur is also famous for tarri poha, a variety of flattened rice, with a spicy chana curry and has many food joints; each having their own way of preparing and serving it. Samosas are also famous in Nagpur and is available at many restaurants and food spots. Another famous food is Patodi and Kadhi.

 Tourism 

 Tiger reserves 
Nagpur is surrounded by many tiger reserves and acts as a gateway, hence called Tiger capital of India. Tiger reserves such as Pench Tiger Reserve is situated around 100 km from the city and can be reached through NH44 in Nagpur Jabalpur road. Tadoba National Park is situated south of the city and is around 141 km from the city. Umred Karhandla Wildlife Sanctuary, Bor Wildlife Sanctuary, Navegaon National Park, Melghat Tiger Reserve and Kanha Tiger Reserve are the other tiger reserves which are located at a radius of 200 km from the city. The city has its own reserved forest area at Seminary Hills and Gorewada.

 Zoos, Gardens and Lakes 
Maharajbagh zoo is an existing zoo which is located in the heart of the city near Sitabuldi and consists of a variety of animals. Balasaheb Thackeray Gorewada International Zoological Park is an international zoo which has been set up beside Gorewada Lake and offers Wildlife Safari
The city consist of various natural and man made lakes. Khindsi Lake, Ambazari Lake and Gorewada Lake are the natural lakes of the city while Futala Lake, Shukrawari Lake, Sakkardara Lake, Zilpi Lake and Sonegaon lake are the man made lakes. Futala Lake is being redeveloped as the world's second largest Lighting and Musical fountain which would be available for public show on tickets. The city also has various gardens which consist of Ambazari Garden, Telankhedi Garden, Satpuda Botanical Garden, Japanese Garden and Children's Traffic Park. Apart from gardens the city also consists of various water parks.
Virendra Kumar, Union Minister of Social justice and Empowerment 26 August 2022 announced that the central government with the help of the state government will create Maharashtra's First ever "Divyang Park" and the procedure in this endeavour has started. This park will be peculiar and will have different types of facilities for Divyangjans such as textiles pathways, smell, and touch gardens, sensory gardens, Skill training facilities, sports, rehabilitation facilities, and infotainment.

 Religious places 
Nagpur boasts many religious structures that hold importance for differing religious beliefs. Deekshabhoomi and Dragon Palace are important religious places for Buddhists across India and the world. Deekshabhoomi is the place where B. R. Ambedkar with millions of his followers embraced Buddhism in the year 1956. Dragon Palace Temple is situated at Kamptee which is around 15 km (9.3 mi) from the city. It also has a state of the art Vipassana centre which was inaugurated by President of India Ram Nath Kovind on 22 September 2017. Other prominent religious structures include Ramtek Fort Temple at Ramtek which is a temple built inside a fort and is 55 km (34 mi) away from Nagpur, Adasa Ganpati Temple located near Savner is one of the eight Ashta Vinayaks in Vidarbha, Baba Tajjuddin Dargah, Shri Shantinath Digambar Jain Mandir at Ramtek, Shree Ganesh Mandir Tekdi, located near Nagpur Railway Station and one of the Swayambhu temple of Lord Ganesha, Sai Baba Mandir at Wardha road, Telankhedi Hanuman Temple, Swaminarayan Temple, Koradi Temple, located at Koradi, Shri Poddareshwar Ram Temple, Balaji Temple, All Saints Cathedral and Gurudwara Guru Nanak Darbar.

 Museums 
The city also has some museums which are Nagpur Central Museum and Narrow Gauge Rail Museum. Raman Science Centre is a premium Science Centre of Central India, that has of late become a must see feature on the city's tourist landscape with many scientific experimental edutainment installations which also has a planetarium and a unique facility called the Science on a Sphere inside.

 Sports 

Nagpur is a big centre for cricket in Vidarbha owing to the presence of the Vidarbha Cricket Association. Vidarbha Cricket Association (VCA) is the governing body of cricket activities in the Vidarbha region in Maharashtra. It is affiliated to the Board of Control for Cricket in India. Nagpur is one of the few Indian cities that has more than one international cricket stadium, the older one being the Vidarbha Cricket Association Ground situated in Civil Lines, and the new one, the Vidarbha Cricket Association Stadium, inaugurated in 2008 is situated in Jamtha, Wardha Road on the outskirts of the city.Vidarbha Cricket Association Stadium has been built on Wardha road with a seating capacity of 45,000 people at a cost of ₹750 million (US$9.4 million). It is one of the fifteen test cricket venues in the country. Vidarbha Cricket Association Ground has been the venue for the 1987 Reliance World Cup and 1996 Wills World Cup. Vidarbha Cricket Association Stadium has been the venue for the 2011 Cricket World Cup and 2016 ICC World Twenty20. The stadium also hosts certain matches of the Indian Premier League and had been the home city for the now defunct Deccan Chargers in the 2010 season and was also the home city for Kings XI Punjab along with Mohali in the 2016 season. Vidarbha Cricket Association also has a cricket academy at the main centre in Vidarbha Cricket Association Ground and three more centres. It also has its own cricket teams which play in various formats as mandated by BCCI. The Vidarbha cricket team had won the Ranji Trophy and Irani Cup consecutively in 2017–18 and 2018–19 season.
Vidarbha Hockey Association is a body governing field hockey in the Vidarbha Region and is affiliated to Hockey India as an associate member. Vidarbha Hockey Association Stadium is the hockey ground owned and managed by Vidarbha Hockey Association.
Nagpur District Football Association(NDFA) is the district governing body for football in Nagpur, Maharashtra and is affiliated with the Western India Football Association, the state sports governing body. The Nagpur District Football Association is a district level football body and conducts various matches among the schools and clubs. It has its own league. NDFA Elite division Champions League, another football tournament, was held at Nagpur annually since 2010 until 2014 by Lokmat Group in Yeshwant Stadium. Indian Friends Football Club(IFFC), Rabbani, Rahul CLub and Young Muslim Football Club (YMFC) are renowned football clubs in the city. Other clubs include, Rabbani Club, Rahul Club, City Police, South East Central Railway, Qidwai Club, SRPF, New Globe and City Club. Nagpur FC has its own Football Academy in Dhanwate National College, Congress Nagar. Slum Soccer is a social initiative started by Vijay Barse for young runaways and former drug addicts to rehabilitate them through football.Badminton tournaments in the city are organised by Nagpur District Badminton Association (NDBA) which is affiliated to Maharashtra Badminton Association which in turn is a member of Badminton Association of India. Nagpur District Table Tennis Association organises table tennis tournaments at district level and is affiliated to Maharashtra Table Tennis Association. The city also has a divisional sports complex which consist of Indoor stadium and other gymnastic facilities.The city's major indoor arena is Vivekananda Nagar Indoor Sports Complex located near Mankapur.  The arena hosts several political events, concerts and sports events like badminton, basketball, lawn tennis.
The city also has various running events, for general public, organised by various institutions.

 Media 
The Hitavada is the largest selling broadsheet English daily newspaper of Central India. It was founded in 1911 by freedom fighter Gopal Krishna Gokhale in Nagpur. Other English dailies circulated in the city include The Times of India, The Indian Express, The Economic Times and Lokmat Times. Marathi dailies circulated in city are Nava Rashtra, Sakal, Lokmat, Tarun Bharat, Deshonatti, Maharashtra Times, Punya Nagari, Lokshahi, Divya Marathi and Loksatta. Hindi newspapers such as Nava Bharat, Dainik Bhaskar and Lokmat Samachar are also circulated. Employment News, which is published weekly, is also circulated in Hindi, English and Urdu. Online news portal such as Nagpur Today and The Live Nagpur are also available with special focus on local news.
All India Radio is the oldest radio broadcaster in the city and has its office in the Civil Lines area. Vividh Bharati, the entertainment radio station, and Gyan Vani, the educational radio station, are the FM radio stations of All India Radio and are available in the frequency 100.6 FM & 107.8 FM, respectively. Other private FM broadcasting channels with their frequencies include Radio City at 91.1 FM, Red FM at 93.5 FM, My FM at 94.3 FM, Radio Mirchi at 98.3 FM, Mirchi Love FM at 91.9 FM and Big FM at 92.7 FM.Television broadcasting in Nagpur began on 15 August 1982 with the launch of Doordarshan, the Government of India's public service broadcaster. It transmits DD National and DD News, which are free-to-air terrestrial television channels and one regional satellite channel called DD Sahyadri. Private satellite channels started in the 1990s.: 6  Lord Buddha TV and Awaaz India TV are Free-to-air television which are based in the city and are available in various cable operators and DTH platforms Satellite TV channels are accessible via cable subscription, direct-broadcast satellite services or internet-based television. Cable TV operators or multi system operators in the city include UCN, GTPL, In Cable, BCN and Diamond Cable Network. All the DTH operators in the country are available in the city viz. Airtel digital TV, DD Free Dish, Dish TV, Sun Direct, D2h and Tata Play.The city also has its own Regional DTH operator, UCN, which serves the Vidarbha region of Maharashtra headquartered in the city itself.Broadband Internet service is available in the city and is provided by various Internet service providers. Wi-Fi is available in major educational institutions and certain areas in the city, including government institutions under Smart City plan by NSSCDCL. As of 2023, 3G services in the city are provided by BSNL, Airtel and Vodafone Idea Limited while 4G services in the city are provided by Airtel, Jio, Vodafone Idea Limited and BSNL. and 5G services in the city are provided by Airtel and Jio

 Transport 

 Rail 
Railways started in Nagpur way back in 1867 when portion of Bombay-Bhusaval-Nagpur line was opened for traffic and train service from Nagpur to Calcutta was started in 1881. Today, a total of 254 trains stop at Nagpur railway station. These include Passenger, Express/Mail, Duronto, Rajdhani, Garib Rath, Humsafar Express, Vande Bharat Express trains. Of these 65 are daily trains and 22 terminate/originate from Nagpur. Almost 160,000 passengers board/leave Nagpur Railway Station Nagpur railway station, one of the oldest and busiest Stations of India was inaugurated in its present from on 15 January 1925 by the then Governor Sir Frank. Apart from the Nagpur railway station, Ajni railway station and Itwari railway station are the important stations in the city. Other railway stations in the city include Motibagh, Kalamna, Khapri and Godhani. Nagpur-Ajni rail route which is just three km (1.9 mi) long, is the shortest train run in Indian Railways primarily meant for crew to travel from Nagpur station to the workshop at Ajni.The city is the divisional headquarters for the Central Railway and South East Central Railway Zone of Indian Railways. Nagpur is a city with two divisional headquarters, a rare distinction it shares with Lucknow, which has headquarters for two different divisions in Northern Railway zone and North Eastern Railway zone.

 Nagpur Metro Rail 
Nagpur Metro is a rapid transit system of the city which is operated by Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Limited (erstwhile Nagpur Metro Rail Corporation Ltd.) and started its operations on 8 March 2019. Full-fledged operation of the Phase I was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 11 December 2022. On 1 January 2023, Nagpur Metro made the record for single-day ridership of 2,02,608 passengers. Construction of Phase II has also started.

 Nagpur broad-gauge Metro Rail 
The Nagpur broad-gauge Metro is a commuter rail project planned Nagpur and extending up to adjacent districts of Wardha and Bhandara. The project is estimated to cost INR 4.18 billion and consists of four routes, each originating from Nagpur and terminating at Narkhed, Ramtek, Wardha and Bhandara.

 Road 
Nagpur is a major junction for roadways as India's two major national highways, Srinagar-Kanyakumari (National Highway 44) and Mumbai-Kolkata (National Highway 53) pass through the city. National Highway 47 connects Nagpur to Bamanbore in Gujarat. Nagpur is at the junction of two Asian Highways namely AH43 Agra to Matara, Sri Lanka and AH46 connecting Kharagpur, India to Dhule, India. The highway to Mumbai via Aurangabad, a shorter route, was re-built on the national highway basis. This highway significantly reduces the distance travelled by NH 6 and NH 3 between two cities. In 2009, NHAI announced the extension of the existing NH 204 to Nagpur via Kolhapur-Sangli- Solapur-Tuljapur-Latur-Nanded-Yavatmal-Wardha and connecting it to the NH-7 at Butibori near Nagpur. The entire NH 204 highway has been included in the national highway mega projects for upgradation to 4-lanes, which is now completed. One more national highway NH-547 Savner-Chhindwara-Narsinghpur has connected with NH 47 at Savner near Nagpur providing another optional connectivity with the northern part of India.
Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) runs cheaper transport service for intercity, interstate, and intrastate travel. It has two bus stations in Nagpur: Nagpur Bus Sthanak (CBS-1) at Ganeshpeth and MorBhawan (CBS-2) at Jhansi Rani Square, Sitabuldi. It operates 1600 daily services from CBS-1 to long and short distances within the state and to places in other surrounding states. It also operates 750 daily services from CBS-2 to short distances within Vidarbha.
The Nagpur Municipal Corporation through its bus operators (three red and one green) plies 487 buses, by which over 160,000 people commute. The city bus operation is named as Aapli Bus (your bus). The operators consist of diesel, ethanol and CNG run buses. A total of 5,500 trips of 123 routes are covered by city buses. A common mobility card, called MAHA-CARD, has also been issued which will help people commute with buses and the metro rail. A Green bus project featuring India's first ethanol-powered buses was established in August 2014.Nagpur is connected directly with Shirdi with the help of Mumbai–Nagpur Expressway, since December 2021. After the expressway gets fully completed by December 2023, Nagpur will be directly connected with the state capital, Mumbai. Other expressways which will link Nagpur in the coming years are Nagpur–Goa Expressway, Nagpur–Hyderabad–Bengaluru Expressway and Hyderabad–Nagpur–Indore Expressway.
Other local transport include Autorickshaws and private taxi operators under Ola Cabs and Uber cabs.

 Air transport 
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport (IATA: NAG, ICAO: VANP) is operated by Mihan India Private Limited (MIPL) and owned by Airports Authority of India.Nagpur's Air Traffic Control (ATC) is the busiest in India, with more than 300 flights flying over the city every day in 2004. In October 2005, Nagpur's Sonegaon Airport was declared an international airport and was renamed Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport.Nagpur is well connected by direct flights to Mumbai, New Delhi, Hyderabad, Lucknow, Kolkata, Bangaluru, Pune, Chennai, Indore, Ahmedabad, Goa, Nashik, Kishangarh and Belagavi along with an indirect flight to Thiruvananthapuram via Pune. These flights are operated by Air India, IndiGo, Go First and Star Air. Air Arabia operates a 4 times a week to and fro flight between Nagpur and Sharjah and Qatar Airways operates a daily direct flight to and from Doha.The Nagpur Airport has received Special Achievement Award 2012–2013 from Airports Authority of India. Nagpur became the first airport in India to commission the INDRA system and also has ADS-B system. No other airport in the country had commissioned INDRA yet. Nagpur Airport became the first airport in the country to receive an ISO 27000 certificate. In fact, Nagpur is not only the first in India but also the first in world to be certified for Air navigation service provider (ANSP). There are seven airports in the world which have ISO 27000, but none of them have it for ANSP.The government of India has identified Nagpur Airport as one of the safe airports for diverted flights and emergency landing. In fact, many flights have used the airport during emergencies. This is because all international and domestic airlines had already been informed by the government to go to Nagpur during emergencies. The availability of excellent fire fighting equipment, air traffic control equipment with latest radar, along with availability of good hospitals and hotels in the city, made the airport a good choice during emergencies.Nagpur Airport has an annual capacity of 1 million passengers, but it handles more passengers than its capacity. Airport expansion and improvement of service is in the cards and privatisation of the airport has been proposed by the government.

 Notable people 

 Sister cities 
 Jinan, Shandong, China

 See also 
MIHAN
Nagpur Metro
Nagpur District
Make in Maharashtra
List of Maratha dynasties and states
List of forts

 References 

 External links 

Herbermann, Charles, ed. (1913). "Nagpur" . Catholic Encyclopedia. New York: Robert Appleton Company.
Beach, Chandler B., ed. (1914). "Nagpur" . The New Student's Reference Work . Chicago: F. E. Compton and Co.
Gorewada Zoo Nagpur

Leeds 13
Leeds 13 was an English artist collective.
The group formed in 1997–1998 at the University of Leeds, West Yorkshire.
All thirteen third-year students taking the four-year BA (Fine Art) were members: nine women and four men.
Their degree had two parts, marked with equal weight: art history and theory, and studio practice. 
In studio practice, each student was expected to produce original artwork 
for an end-of-year exhibition.
Members of Leeds 13 rejected this convention. 
Instead, they cooperated on two conceptual works and unusual exhibitions. 
These proved controversial but received top grades.
Going Places (1998) provoked public debate on activities acceptable as contemporary art.
Leeds 13's members pretended to take a week's holiday on the Spanish Costa del Sol (English: Sun Coast), 
an activity generally thought of as leisure.
But the students said it was work: they had made art and the exhibition through their trip.
The holiday story matched the popular stereotype of art students as lazy and irresponsible.
Many UK mass media organisations ran the story without checking if it was true. 
A few days later, the group revealed the holiday was an elaborate simulation
bringing the media response to a frenzy.
Leeds 13's members all received first class for their third year.
The Degree Show (1999) examined the art world: exhibitions and relationships between both works and stakeholders.
The group curated a corporate-style art exhibition.
They showed a diverse collection of work by other artists worth a total of £1 million.
The media and art critics objected to a final-year exhibition without any original work by the student artists.
But the examiners supported the concept: exhibition as a group artwork. 
All the members of Leeds 13 graduated with first class degrees, 
and most continued working together until mid-2000.
Leeds 13 was
"... trying to counter the traditional notion of the artist as an individual creator of specific objects.", 
according to the artist's statement for The Degree Show.
In contrast, they worked as a group producing one-off events that defied the art market. 
Going Places has continued to attract interest for pushing the boundaries in contemporary art and as a well-executed media hoax.

 Going Places (1998) 
All thirteen third-year fine art students at the University of Leeds 
began the 1997–1998 academic year working as individuals. 
But they formed a collective for studio practice,
according to a press release attributed to their tutor and artist Terry Atkinson. 
The group consisted of nine women and four men.

 Concept 
The project brief was "come up with something thought-provoking",
according to Martin Wainwright in The Guardian newspaper. 
The students were interested in popular preconceptions about art,
particularly activities acceptable as art and those that were not. 
They decided to produce a work with an activity not generally accepted as art,
and then manipulate the media into distributing the work to the public.
To be newsworthy, it had to be controversial.Deceiving donors and then journalists was essential to the plan.
They would pitch an art exhibition asking for money to mount the show.
Later, journalists would be told that the donations had been spent on a week-long package holiday to the Costa del Sol. 
The students would say they had made art and the exhibition out of themselves and their trip.
Finally, the reality would be revealed: the holiday had been a simulation and the donations had not been spent.
If the work provoked public debate on the nature of art then the students would consider it a success,
and they called their project Going Places.

 Preparation 
The students applied to their representative body, Leeds University Union, for money to mount an exhibition and were granted £1,126.  
The only business sponsor identified by the media was the owner of a Leeds art shop who donated £50.Evidence for the holiday included a performance art event, stories, props and suntans. 
The group's supposed arrival back from Spain would be staged at the local international airport for invited guests.
The students convinced the authorities to simulate a flight from Málaga on the announcement boards and then let them exit arrivals. A prelude in an art space would gather the guests and set the Spanish theme before the event at the airport.The group would claim to have spent six days swimming, sunbathing and enjoying the nightlife on the Mediterranean coast.
They forged airline tickets, baggage labels and a postcard 
apparently sent from Spain to their tutor. 
Spanish-themed props were collected to use as souvenirs and add local colour to a set of photographs 
supposedly taken on their holiday. 
Beach shots were actually taken on the North Sea coast at Cayton Sands, Scarborough, North Yorkshire. 
Pool shots were taken at a private open-air swimming pool in Chapel Allerton, Leeds. 
A blue lens filter gave the water and sky a Mediterranean look.
Other backdrops included Leeds bars and a wall mural, that reminded the students of Gaudí, 
at a Spanish-themed nightclub in Cayton Bay.In the week before the event, the group hid in their student accommodation 
and used a suntanning bed and fake tan.
They built up a skin tone that they later critiqued as "... (perhaps a shade too orange) ...", in the Going Places artist's statement published by The Guardian.

 Holiday and response 
On the evening of 6 May 1998, 
around 60 guests, including Atkinson and the head of the department Ken Hay, arrived at 
East Street Studios, Leeds.
They found recorded flamenco music playing and sangria to drink but no artwork or students.
After half an hour, an air stewardess appeared and 
led the guests to a bus that took them to Leeds Bradford Airport.
There they saw the students arriving back from their holiday. 
The students invited the guests to the airport bar and after a couple of hours paid the bill with the last of the donations.The holiday story spread across campus to the Leeds Student newspaper
that interviewed members of the group.
On Friday 15 May, Leeds Student ran "Con Artists' Spanish Rip-Off" on the front page
and continued inside with "And They Call This Art?" 
Two days later, the national Sunday Mirror newspaper picked up the story. 
Regional newspapers the Yorkshire Post and Yorkshire Evening Post followed on Monday. 
On Tuesday 19 May, when the hoax was revealed, the holiday story was covered on television, radio and,
in national morning newspapers including the Daily Express, Daily Mail, The Daily Telegraph, The Guardian and The Times.Newspapers covered objections from the donors to misuse of their money and support for Going Places as art from the students and their tutor. 
The group told The Daily Telegraph they aimed
"... to force people to discuss whether there was any limit on what could be described as art."
They continued explaining the holiday with 
"This is leisure as art." and "It is art and it was an exhibition."
Atkinson said 
"It was quite a coup de théâtre.
They were lucky because the plane could have been 12 hours late." to the Yorkshire Post.  
And he told The Times "It's definitely art, but whether it's good or bad art is another thing."
A university spokesman was neutral on what the students had done but 
positive about the value for money they had achieved.Some newspapers also ran opinion pieces on the Going Places holiday story as art. 
Leeds Student said it was neither creative nor original because millions of people take package holidays every year. 
Using the group as the latest example, the Yorkshire Evening Post condemned modern artists as more skilled at self-promotion than making art objects.The Daily Telegraph contrasted Atkinson's opinion with those of two art critics. 
Brian Sewell did not accept Going Places as art. 
Richard Dorment said "This is not a good work of art. It seems to me on the edge of being a hoax and quite a good joke. I think the joke wins."The students planned to replace the holiday story with the hoax reality 
in the next issue of Leeds Student,
on 5 June. 
But they "... decided to confess early when the issue became 'very hot'.", according to Damien Whitworth in The Times.

 Hoax and response 
On Tuesday 19 May 1998, a member of the group appeared on the BBC Radio 4 
morning news and current-affairs programme Today. 
He revealed the holiday was a simulation and the donations had not been spent. 
Later that day, the Yorkshire Evening Post checked the facts about the group's arrival  
with a manager at the airport.
This confirmed that the arrival was staged and the holiday story was actually a hoax.The next day, most newspapers focused on the donations and deceptions.
The group considered repaying the money or donating it to charity.
They decided to pay the grant back to Leeds University Union.
However, the union demanded a letter of apology to the city's students for publication in Leeds Student.
The group's members refused so were banned from their student representative body.
Reports on the amount of sponsorship varied from £400 through £600 to £800.
The true amount and what the group did with it are not known.
Some print media also asked whether the Going Places hoax was art.
Most commentators thought it was. 
One exception was journalist Cosmo Landesman who interviewed the students for The Sunday Times newspaper.
In his opinion, an artwork was something that could be viewed or bought 
and was produced by an individual artist.
So Going Places was not art.
The group disagreed with this and other aspects of Landesman's piece saying he had missed the point.Opinions on whether Going Places was good or interesting art were mixed.
Atkinson thought it was good because it raised issues including 
the activities acceptable as art and the way media organisations fed off each other.
Hay told The Guardian that "[The students] have got everyone talking about the very things—the nature of art and its relationship with life—that lie at the heart of the course."
In the same piece, art critic Adrian Searle wrote leisure was an original subject and
Going Places was a fantastic work that played with preconceptions.
At the end of May, The Times Higher Education Supplement published
"Talented Artists or Just Con Artists?"
As well as Atkinson and Hay, the article quoted artist and tutor John Stezaker 
who found the fictional trip interesting and deserving of the top grade.
However, two lecturers at other institutions said Going Places was not good or interesting art. 
One said it only showed the mutual dependence of art and media. 
The other contrasted the group's barefaced lying about Going Places to
Duchamp's ambiguity about whether his conceptual works were sincere.
Both lecturers had concerns about the negative effects of the deceptions
on those who had been hoaxed and on the reputation of artists.In July, the group's members all received first class for their third year. 
According to a BBC News report, "Examiners praised them for challenging popular perceptions about how art is produced, taught and criticised."Leeds 13's place in art history was explored by curator Ralph Rugoff in the September-October edition of Frieze magazine. 
He was the first commentator to use the name Leeds 13 in print.
Rugoff wrote that Going Places was a "... perfectly executed double whammy." 
It had provoked public debate on the nature of art but Rugoff did not think the results had been illuminating. 
More interesting was that in distributing news of the work the media had added new facets to it. 
In Rugoff's view, Leeds 13, and contemporaries Decima Gallery, were the first artists to make the media their principal medium.
He labelled them Neo-Publicists.Going Places and its "... media frenzy ..." ended the year among the
news highlights of 1998 picked by Claire Sanders for The Times Higher Education Supplement.

 Exhibitions 
In the Going Places artist's statement, the students wrote "We have produced no tangible end object for market, ..."
One member of the group explained the art was the impression that the work had left in people's minds.
Despite this, Going Places was featured in two art exhibitions.
Go Away: Artists and Travel at the Royal College of Art (RCA) Galleries, London ran from 17 April to 6 May 1999. 
Mounted by RCA students on the MA (Visual Arts Administration),
the exhibition included works by over thirty artists. 
Leeds 13 showed Going Places holiday photographs, ephemera and a video of the project's television coverage.f.k.a.a. (formerly known as art) at The Wardrobe, Leeds ran 16–18 March 2000 and featured work by local artists. 
The members of Leeds 13, who all graduated the previous year, 
showed a collection of Going Places items wrapped and priced.
These included a bikini top for £69.96, Frisbee for £110, men's shorts for £80,000 and the holiday photographs in an album for £13 million. 
A member of the group explained to the Yorkshire Post "It's not really a finished project, it's a processing of the items, that they themselves have become legitimate as art." 
In his review of the exhibition for The Guardian, 
Wainwright credited Leeds 13's zest with attracting others to revitalise the visual arts in Leeds. 
But he also noted concerns that the group's critique of the art market and its prices was becoming ridiculous.

 The Degree Show (1999) 
For the fourth and final year of their degree, two new members joined Leeds 13 
but one existing member dropped out.

 Concept 
The students were interested in art exhibitions and two types of relationships in the art world.
First, the relationships between works of art that gave each one its significance relative to others.
Second, the relationships between art world stakeholders including artists and private sector patrons.
They decided to curate a corporate-style exhibition. The show would feature a diverse collection of existing works by other artists as "... conceptual props, ...",
according to the artist's statement later published in The Times Higher Education Supplement.
They would present the exhibition as a group artwork and call their project The Degree Show.

 Preparation 
Leeds 13 gained corporate and local business sponsorship for the exhibition.
Property developer Hammerson hosted the show in West Riding House, Leeds.
The works, worth a total of £1 million,
were by over thirty artists. They included
sculpture by Duchamp and Barbara Hepworth, bronze by Rodin and Henry Moore, paintings by David Shepherd and Damien Hirst, collage by Kurt Schwitters, a poster by Jeff Koons, photographs by Jo Spence, the BANK fax-back service and performance by Decima Gallery.Leeds 13 hung, lit and secured the work. 
They also created the catalogue, wall labels and advertising. 
The introductory essay was a collage of art writing. 
It explained the concept with "As Hugh McDiarmid said 'the greater the plagiarism the greater the work of art.' 
If we can accept this dissident posture we can take this exhibition as a work of art in itself."

 Response 
The Degree Show was open to the public 8–18 June 1999. 
Leeds 13's tutor and art historian Ben Read told The Times that students normally showed original work. 
He continued by asking "Have they made these works their own art?" 
Read concluded that the exhibition had stimulated debate on the nature of art.The show was covered in the regional and quality newspapers that had been hoaxed by Going Places.
As the students had not produced original artworks for a second year, 
questions were asked about what they had been doing.
The response to The Degree Show as a group artwork was negative. 
An art and philosophy lecturer wrote that the work was not good art.
In his view, the show failed to critique corporate art exhibitions 
because it looked exactly like one.
Two art critics were quoted in both The Guardian and The Times.
Matthew Collings dismissed The Degree Show as "... appropriation art, trendy but moronic."
David Lee said it "... confirms the important point that the path to success in modern art is through notoriety. It sounds like a complete abrogation of responsibility as a degree show."In contrast, the response to The Degree Show as an exhibition was positive. 
According to a Leeds gallery owner, who lent £140,000 worth of bronze, the mounting of the show was excellent. 
She also appreciated the selection of work by artists with Leeds connections: Hepworth, Hirst and Moore.
Shepherd, who exhibited two paintings, said the show was a good opportunity for the public to view a diverse collection of work. 
And Read noted it had more visitors than any of the department's previous exhibitions.Leeds 13's fourteen members received upper second class for The Degree Show, the studio practice half of their marks. 
This was added to their individual marks for art history and theory. 
The day after the show opened, the students received six first and eight upper second class degrees.
But seven students appealed saying the examiners had rushed marking The Degree Show to take industrial action. 
Their appeal was successful, and in September they all received first class degrees.

 After graduation (late 1999–2000) 
The Henry Moore Foundation asked artist Jeanne van Heeswijk to organise an investigation of Leeds's cultural life. 
Between 18 November and 18 December 1999, artists worked with members of the public on the project called A Christmas Pudding for Henry.
Van Heeswijk's website listed Leeds 13 as participants.
According to the group's official website, 
they produced Floiner (1999) a video work about an imaginary local artist.In March 2000, Leeds 13 revisited Going Places at the f.k.a.a. exhibition.By May, eleven Leeds 13 members were artists-in-residence at the
Batofar cultural centre and restaurant, Paris.
The group staged playful interventions in formal spaces including
the Louvre and the National Library.
Near the Batofar was
the Bibliothèque nationale de France (English: National Library of France) 
François-Mitterrand
enclosing a forest garden that the public could view but not enter.
According to their official website, Leeds 13 critiqued the library's inaccessible green space
with A Play on Grass (2000). 
They built a temporary public park with models of the library's towers
around a five-a-side football pitch. 
As of 2024, A Play on Grass remains Leeds 13's most recent work, according to their official website.

 Continuing response 
A BBC Introduction to Modern and Contemporary Art by Paul Glinkowski was published in 2000.
Glinkowski wrote that Going Places was "... possibly the most outrageous game in British art history."
He categorised the work as challenging both the rules and the rulers of the art world.Going Places was the first example of simulation in art critic John A. Walker's book Art in the Age of the Mass Media (3rd ed.), published in 2001. 
Walker wrote the project was a prank by young artists to pay the media back for their barbed coverage of contemporary art. 
He mentioned The Degree Show in passing.
Walker suggested alternative careers for the by-then-graduate artists: public relations or journalism.In 2009, RTÉ Radio 1 broadcast Grand Art in The Curious Ear series of documentaries. 
It revisited two performance artworks costing about £1,000 from the late 1990s 
with Going Places as the second work.
A member of Leeds 13 explained how the work unfolded from the event guest and public's point of view
then covered how it was produced.Beating the Bounds was a 2013 Reith Lecture given by artist Grayson Perry on BBC Radio 4.
It examined the idea that anything could be art using Going Places as an example.
Perry hoped the work was a parody of that idea.In 2022, Vice Media published How We Conned the British Press a podcast on Going Places.
Two Leeds 13 members explained how the work was produced and gave examples of the media response.
The podcast also featured Wainwright, who covered the group for The Guardian,
and he commented on Going Places from the media's point of view. 
Wainwright said the holiday and hoax stories were both entertaining 
and Going Places was one of history's famous hoaxes.

 References 

Xi of Yan
Xi, King of Yan (燕王喜) (fl. 255–222 BCE) (ruled 255–222 BC) was the last sovereign of the state of Yan in the last days Warring States period of Chinese history.  He was the son of King Xiao of Yan (燕孝王).  He was born as Ji Xi (姬喜), the same name of King Lie of Zhou (周烈王) and Count Yi of Cao (曹夷伯).
In the 28th year of his reign (227 BC), the State of Qin began its conquest of Yan, and its army approached Yishui (易水), modern-day Yi County, Hebei. Seeing the threatening situation in which the State of Yan was in, Crown Prince Dan, King Xi's son, sent assassins Jing Ke, Qin Wuyang and others to kill the Qin king Ying Zheng, under the guise of presenting him with a map of Dukang (督亢) and the severed head of the Qin general Huan Yi.  As Jingke unrolled the map in front of the king, the dagger was revealed, and the assassination failed. This failure only helped to fuel the rage and determination of the Qin king.  He increased the number of troops sent to conquer the state of Yan and ordered Wang Jian to destroy Yan. The bulk of the Yan army was at the frozen Yishui River.  The Yan army was defeated in 226 BC and the Yan ruler, King Xi, fled to the Liaodong Commandery.  To appease the King of Qin, King Xi had his own son executed by decapitation, and his head presented to the king. 
In 222 BC Liaodong fell as well, and Yan was totally conquered by Qin under the general Wang Ben (王賁), the son of Wang Jian. King Xi of Yan was captured alive, and his fate is not known.  Yan was the third last state to fall, and with its destruction the fate of the remaining two Chinese kingdoms was sealed.

Ian McNeice
Ian McNeice (born 2 October 1950) is an English film and television actor, best known for playing Bert Large in the dramedy Doc Martin. He found fame portraying government agent Harcourt in the 1985 television series Edge of Darkness, and went on to feature in popular films such as The Englishman Who Went up a Hill but Came down a Mountain, Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls and Frank Herbert's Dune.
He has also played the Newsreader in historical drama Rome (2005–2007) and Winston Churchill in Doctor Who (2010–2011).

 Early life and education 
McNeice was born in Basingstoke, Hampshire. His acting training started at the Taunton School in Somerset, followed by the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA) and two years at the Salisbury Playhouse. The next few years were spent in theatre, including a four-year period with the Royal Shakespeare Company and a production of Nicholas Nickleby on Broadway.

 Career 
McNeice's television breakthrough was as Harcourt in the award-winning series Edge of Darkness. He played the alcoholic sous chef Gustave LaRoche on the television series Chef!, and went on to appear in the 2000 miniseries Frank Herbert's Dune as the evil Baron Vladimir Harkonnen, a role he later reprised for the 2003 sequel Children of Dune. His television appearances have included all ten series of Doc Martin, in which he plays Bert Large, series 4 episode 4 of Midsomer Murders, and the third episode of the second series of Lewis. He appears as the Newsreader in the HBO/BBC production Rome and as the Mr. Tapling of the British diplomatic service in Hornblower - The Examination for Lieutenant.McNeice has also appeared in a number of films, including 84 Charing Cross Road, Day of the Dead, No Escape, From Hell and The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain. His breakthrough into American films occurred when he played Fulton Greenwall in Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls (1995). He played the Nazi Gerhard Klopfer in the 2001 BBC/HBO television film Conspiracy.Since then, he has been in Around the World in 80 Days (2004) and the 2005 supernatural thriller White Noise. He also appeared as Potiphar in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.McNeice gave his distinctive voice and accent to voice-acting roles like the Vogon character Kwaltz, director of the Vogon Constructor Fleet, in the 2005 film adaptation of Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. In 2007, he made his Doctor Who debut when he guest-starred as villain Zeus in the Big Finish BBC Digital Radio 7 drama Immortal Beloved. He had a cameo role as Joachim von Kortzfleisch, a German general who refused to put his troops under the command of officers plotting to depose Hitler's government, in Valkyrie.McNeice was initially cast in the role of Illyrio Mopatis in the HBO pilot of Game of Thrones, but because of scheduling conflicts the role was then given to Roger Allam. McNeice appeared as Winston Churchill in four episodes of Doctor Who in 2010 and 2011; he had previously played Churchill in the 2008 premiere production of the Howard Brenton play Never So Good, and later played him again in the 2012 stage version of The King's Speech.McNeice also starred as The Architect in the 2017 independent feature film, The House of Screaming Death.

 Personal life 
McNeice has three children.

 Selected filmography 

 References 

 External links 
Ian McNeice at the British Film Institute
Ian McNeice at IMDb
Ian McNeice at the Internet Broadway Database

Aventura (band)
Aventura (formerly known as Los Tinellers) was an American bachata group formed in The Bronx, New York. With the lineup always consisting of the members Romeo Santos, Henry Santos, Lenny Santos (Len Melody), and Max Santos (Max Agende), they are regarded as one of the most influential Latin groups of all time. All of the members are of Dominican descent, although Romeo is also half Puerto Rican on his mother's side. They were the first major bachata act to have originated in the United States instead of the Dominican Republic. The group was integral to the evolution of bachata music and are the pioneers of the modern bachata sound. Aventura released five studio albums in a decade, creating many top 10 hits like "Cuándo volverás", "Un Beso", "Mi Corazoncito", "Los Infieles", "El Perdedor", "Por un Segundo", "Dile al Amor", among others. They have sold out many arenas including the world famous Madison Square Garden. Aventura has been nominated for awards such as American Music Awards, the Latin Grammy Awards, Billboard Latin Music Awards, and Premio Lo Nuestro. Aventura is one of the most internationally recognized Latin groups of the last two decades and frequently refer to themselves as "K.O.B.", or "Kings of Bachata".

 History 

 Formation, starting as Los Tinellers, and Trampa de Amor (1993–1996) 
In 1993, Lenny Santos and his brother Max Santos formed a little band with a cousin of theirs and called themselves Banda Sueño. They would play mostly as a hobby. It didn't last long as the cousin was a much older guy. They decided to look for a new singer around their age who could help them take their music career more seriously. Lenny didn't know anybody in their neighborhood who could sing. He was later introduced to Anthony Santos via one of the group's musicians named Roney Fernandez who attended the same school as Anthony. They clicked instantly, and the two started working on songs together. Anthony was a singer and composer who would sing with his cousin Henry at their local church choir. Anthony later introduces Lenny to his cousin Henry, who also joins the group. These four would form Los Tinellers, which is the word Teenagers but spelled in Spanish letters so non-English speaking Hispanics could pronounce it. The group would perform for their neighbors, at local stores and in the streets for free in the Bronx.On July 9, 1995, the group was discovered by Elvin Polanco. Polanco was the coordinator of the 1995 Bronx Dominican Parade. Lenny and Anthony asked him if they could perform on stage at the parade. Polanco gave them the opportunity and was impressed by the group. Seeing the potential in the group, he became their manager and helped them record their first studio album despite having little funds. They released their first album in 1996 titled Trampa De Amor under Elca Productions. The album included songs that later on would be remade for later Aventura albums. One of them was "Cuándo volverás", which would later become their debut single. Unfortunately, only Anthony and Lenny were on the cover because of Henry and Max being late due to train traffic. The album did not do well commercially, selling a total of five copies.

 Re-invented as Aventura, creating Urban Bachata, and Generation Next (1996–2000) 
In 1996, with the help of new manager Julio César García, the group created a new image. He re-invented the group to resemble popular American boy bands. He renamed the group Aventura, which is Spanish for adventure. Later on, Elvin Polanco ran into some health problems which ended things between him and the group. In 1998, they signed a record deal with Premium Latin Music, Inc. With the help of the executive of the label, Franklin Romero, the group had the support they needed to finally expand and breakthrough in the music industry. Romero was also involve in the re-invention of the group becoming more boy band like.
On November 9, 1999, they released their debut album Generation Next along with a modernize and better known version of "Cuándo Volverás" as its main single in hopes of breaking bachata music into the mainstream from its traditional base. They slowly began to gather fans in Dominican Republic and in the east coast of the United States, especially in the cities of New York, Boston and Lancaster. The group was the first to experiment with fusing bachata with other genres like R&B, Pop, Hip Hop, Rap, Reggae and Rock. They were one of the first bachata act to sing a bachata song in Spanglish (English and Spanish). The group innovated bachata with fresh lyrics that incorporated songs with different themes. They adding their own tone to bachata guitar by adding guitar effects such as wah, phaser, distortion, tremolo, and harmonizer. They also innovated the bachata bass with his use of bass techniques such as slapping, bass slides, and a lot of rock bass riffs into bachata.. This would eventually lead to the creation of what is now known as Urban Bachata. While the album did have some success, it didn't exactly expectation as the group was heavily criticized about the new style and the fact that they had added English in to the genre.

 We Broke the Rules, Anthony becoming Romeo, and the expansion of Bachata (2001–2003) 
While at the beginning they didn't get the mainstream attention they were looking for with their debut album, the style they had introduced did help make the genre mainstream. In 2001 four songs were leaked to the public which were for their second studio album. The songs were "Todavía Me Amas", "Amor De Madre", "Enséñame A Olvidar", and "Obsesión" which featured Dominican-American singer Judy Santos. Thanks to the success of "Obsesión", the group got the big break they were waiting for and would eventually turn them into the icons that they are today. The song achieved huge success in many countries. It peaked at number 32 on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart in the U.S. It also topped many European charts by peaking at number 1 in seven countries, which made it peak at number 1 on the Eurochart Hot 100. This would expand bachata internationally as it reached countries where the genre was never heard before at the time. This would also be the start for Judy as a female vocalist for the group as she would eventually work for them in other songs.
Around this time, Anthony decided to go under the name Romeo Santos. He created an alter ego to be a more romantic character on stage to help him with his shyness. He came up with the name Romeo because of the song "Todavía Me Amas" in which he mentions Romeo and Juliet. This was also due to the fact there is another bachata artist by the name Antony Santos, who was the man that inspired him to become a bachata singer. Romeo would refer to himself as Anthony Santos from Aventura to be specific. Even though both singers had their names spelled different, it was still pronounced the same way. This led the group and the record label to make the decision to have Anthony go under the name he is known today, Romeo Santos.
On July 2, 2002, they would release their second album under the Aventura name title We Broke the Rules. It peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart. It also peaked at number 1 in the French and Italian albums charts. The album would feature Judy Santos and Puerto Rican-American singer Toby Love, who worked for them as a back up vocalist until he left in 2005 to pursue a solo career. His voice was used for the songs "I Believe" and "Gone", a cover of an NSYNC song. In the same year, they would release their first live album titled En Vivo. It was based on their 2002 show at the United Palace in New York City. It was re-released in Europe on August 30, 2004, and renamed Unplugged. On January 11, 2011, it was released to the world under the title Live! 2002. In 2003, they released their first concert film, Aventura In Concert: Sold Out At The United Palace.

 Love & Hate, God's Project, and Mainstream breakthrough in the U.S. (2003–2006) 
In 2003, the group released the main single for their third studio album titled "Hermanita". The song addressed issue like domestic violence, especially the mistreatment of women in the household. The song peaked at number 33 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart and at number 3 on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart. On November 18, 2003, they released their third studio album, Love & Hate. It peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart and at number 3 in the Swiss Albums chart. It is their first album to get a Gold and Platinum certification in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In 2004, they released a special edition that was exclusively to Italy. It featured edited versions of the songs Cuándo volverás and Obsesión. They released a 2005 edition as well that was released exclusively for Romania. In 2005, they released their second concert film, The Love & Hate Concert: Sold Out At The United Palace. It is based on a concert for Love & Hate that took place at the United Palace in New York City.
In February 2005, they released their first single for their fourth studio album "La Boda". It peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Tropical Airplay chart. On April 26, 2005, they released their fourth studio album, God's Project. This is their first album distributed by Sony Music Latin. On the Billboard charts, it peaked at number 133 on the Billboard 200, at number 5 on both Heatseekers Albums and Top Latin Albums charts, and at number 1 on the Tropical Albums chart making it the group's first number one album on that chart. It is considered the group's mainstream breakthrough album as they started to get more mainstream publicity in the United States. It was the best-selling tropical album of 2006 in the United States and was certified 4× Platinum in the U.S. by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The album featured collaborations with Judy Santos, Anthony 'El Mayimbe' Santos, Nina Sky, Don Omar, and Tego Calderón who was featured in a hidden track. This album also featured the songs "Ella y Yo", "Un Beso", and "Angelito" which were released as singles later on.
On May 9, 2005, "Ella y Yo" was released as the album's second single. It featured Puerto Rican Reggaeton artist, Don Omar. It peaked at 97 on the Billboard 100, at number 2 on the Hot Latin Songs and at number 1 on both the Latin Rhythm and Tropical Airplay Billboard charts . The music video was released in the same year. It took place in a bar. The video is about Romeo Santos and Don Omar having a conversation about love. On August 8, 2005, "Un Beso" was released as the third a single. It became the main single for the fourth studio album. The group paid tribute to Spanish musician, Manzanita in this song. It peaked at number 6 on the Hot Latin Songs and at number 2 on the Tropical Airplay Billboard charts. Later that year, "Angelito" was released as the last single and peaked at 17 on the Billboard Tropical Airplay chart. This would also be the last song to feature Judy Santos as she would embark in her own music career. On March 10, 2006, Aventura would perform a sold-out show at The Theater at Madison Square Garden (now Hulu Theater) making it their first live performance at MSG.

 K.O.B. Live and selling out Madison Square Garden (2006–2008) 
On October 19, 2006, they released the single "Los Infieles" and while it is a studio song, it was released as the first single for their second live album. It peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart, at number 5 on the Billboard Latin Rhythm Airplay chart, and at number 1 on the Billboard Tropical Airplay chart. Later on, a remix was made which featured Mexican singer Frankie J. On December 19, 2006, they released their second live album, K.O.B. Live. It is a double-disc live album of Aventura's greatest hits from their first four studio albums. These live performances were recorded in the U.S. (New York City, Boston, Puerto Rico), Dominican Republic and Colombia along with audio skits of the band talking about the importance of performing in these places. It also featured a bonus DVD. The album peaked at 124 on the Billboard 200, at number 2 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart, and at number 1 on both the Heatseekers Albums and Tropical Albums Billboard charts. Despite being a live album, it included 5 studio songs: "Los Infieles", "Mi Corazoncito", "El Perdedor", "Controversia", and "José", a song dedicaed to fallen soldiers.
On February 12, 2007, "Mi Corazoncito" is released as the second single for the live album. It peaked at number 7 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100, at number 2 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart and at number 1 on both the Latin Rhythm and Tropical Airplay Billboard charts. The music video was released on April 3, 2007. It featured the Miss Universe 2003 pageant winner Amelia Vega. In the same year, Aventura were inducted into the Bronx Walk of Fame. On September 1, 2007, Aventura performed at Madison Square Garden as part of their K.O.B. Live Tour. This time they would perform at the 20,000 seat venue in front of a sold-out crowd. The concert featured artists like Don Omar, Anthony Santos, Wisin & Yandel, Miri Ben-Ari, Toby Love, and Héctor Acosta. On November 13, 2007, they would release their third live album and third concert film, Kings of Bachata: Sold Out at Madison Square Garden. It based on the sold out MSG show from September 1. The album peaked at 97 on the Billboard 200, at number 3 on the Top Latin Albums chart, and at number 1 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart. It was certified 8× Platinum in the U.S. by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
On October 29, 2007, "El Perdedor" was released as the third single for K.O.B. Live. It peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart and at number 1 on both the Latin Rhythm and Tropical Airplay Billboard charts. The music video was released in 2008 and it featured highlights from the group's 2007 show at MSG. Later on, a remix was made which featured Puerto Rican singer and rapper Ken-Y. In the same year, they released they released their fourth live album, Live From The World, which was sold exclusively to the Dominican Republic. It is based on some of their best songs performed around the world. It featured a live bachata cover of the José José's song "Lagrimas". The live performance took place in 2008 during a celebration of José José's career presented by the Latin Grammys. In December 2008, the band would sell out 5 night at the José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum in San Juan, Puerto Rico from the 4th to the 7th, and the 10th of that month.

 The Last, performing at the White House, and The Last Tour (2008–2011) 
On November 10, 2008, they released the first single for their fifth studio album, "Por un Segundo". It became the group's first number 1 hit on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart. It also peaked at number 1 on both the Latin Rhythm and Tropical Songs Billboard charts. The song was awarded "Tropical Song of the Year" at the Premios Lo Nuestro 2010 awards. The music video was released in 2009 and features the winner of Cycle 8 of  America's Next Top Model, Jaslene Gonzalez. On April 27, 2009, they released the second single, "All Up 2 You". It featured Senegalese-American R&B singer Akon, and the Puerto Rican Reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel. The song peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart, at number 2 on the Billboard Tropical Airplay chart, and at number 1 on the Billboard Latin Rhythm Airplay charts. On April 23, 2009, the song was performed live as the opening act at the 2009 Latin Billboard Music Awards. The music video for the song was released on June 5, 2009.
On June 9, 2009, Aventura released their fifth and final studio album, The Last. It featured collaborations with Arturo Sandoval, Ludacris, Wyclef Jean, Akon and Wisin & Yandel. It peaked at number 4 on the Chilean Albums chart and at number 2 on the Recordland Venezuelan Albums chart. It is their best charting album on the U.S. Billboard charts as it peaked at number 5 on the Billboard 200, and at number 1 on both the Top Latin Albums chart, lasting 23 weeks on that spot and Tropical Albums chart, lasting 50 weeks on that spot. It also included the songs "Su Veneno", "Dile al Amor", and "El Malo" which were later released as singles. On June 30, 2009, "Su Veneno" was released as the album's third single. It peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart, and at number 1 on the Billboard Tropical Airplay chart. A Bolero version was also released as a separate single. The music video for the Bachata version was released on July 20, 2009. The music video for the Bolero version was released the next day.
On October 13, 2009, "Dile al Amor" was released as the album's fourth single. It peaked at number at number 2 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart. It also peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart, which became the group's second number one hit on that chart. It also peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart, lasting 15 weeks on that spot. The music video was released on November 4, 2009. On the same day, Aventura was invited to perform their hit single "Su Veneno" at the White House for the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama. They are the first bachata act to ever perform at the White House. On October 15, 2009, it air on television as part of the "Fiesta Latina" episode of the TV series, In Performance at the White House.In early 2010, they sold out the Garden once again, but for a legendary four nights in a row at part of The Last Tour. They surpassed American artists such as Lady Gaga and Madonna in ticket sales, being one of the first Latin groups to do so. At one of the concerts they paid homage to Juan Luis Guerra, and even sang some songs with the iconic Dominican singer. These concerts took place on the 20th and 21 January and on the 1st and 2nd of February 2010. On February 13, 2010, the group would perform at the Félix Sánchez Olympic Stadium in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic in front of a crowd of about 50,000 to 60,000 people. On March 11, 2010, "El Malo" was released as the final single. It didn't chart at first until It was re-released in mid-2010.  It peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart and at number 1 on the Billboard Tropical Airplay chart. The music video was released on June 29, 2010. Later on, a remix was made featuring Dominican rapper Sensato. On April 29, 2010, Aventura were nominated for 12 awards at the 2010 Billboard Latin Music Awards. They won 9 of them, thus making them the top winners of that night. From the 3rd to the 5th December 2010, the group performed for three nights at the José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The very last concert  of the tour took place on March 7, 2011, in Venezuela. This would also be their last concert as a group before they split up to have their own separate projects.

 Hiatus, Compilation albums, and First reunions (2011–2018) 

In 2011, the group announced that they would be taking a hiatus to work on individual musical projects. Henry embarked on a respective solo career, looking to be accepted without the group. He signed with Siente Music, a record label which was associated with both Venemusic & Universal Music Group. He released his first two solo albums under the record label, Introducing Henry Santos in 2011 and My Way in 2013. Romeo took the opportunity to sign with Sony Music Latin, and embarked on his solo career as well. He released his first solo album Formula, Vol. 1 in 2011, which would eventually be the start of the Formula series. The following year, he then released his first live solo album, The King Stays King: Sold Out at Madison Square Garden. Then in 2014, he released Formula, Vol. 2, which was awarded album of the decade at the 2020 Billboard Latin Music Awards. Although Max wanted to focus more on his rap career, he joined his brother Lenny and formed their new bachata group called "D'Element." under Lenny's record label Element Music Group. They then joined Steve Styles from the bachata group Xtreme and renamed the group to Vena. The trio released 8 singles and a EP live album titled It's VENA (Live), which was released in 2015. The trio would split in 2015 as Styles left the gorup. At the same time, Max Santos worked alongside many dembow artists and also focused on his solo career as a rapper.
During the hiatus, they release a few compilation albums, 2 of them being greatest hits albums. On of them is titled 14 + 14. It was released on May 23, 2011, as an audio and music video album. It contains every song that has a music video from 2000 to 2010 along with the music videos as well with the exception of "All Up 2 You". The album features Judy Santos and Don Omar The audio version peaked at number 132 on the Billboard 200 and at number 1 on both the Top Latin and Tropical Albums Billboard charts.
On July 12, 2014, the group would reunite for 1 night only to close out the second night of Romeo's sold-out Yankee Stadium concert.
On November 4, 2014, Sólo Para Mujeres was released. It is part of a series of compilation albums released by multiple artist with the same title that were released by Sony Music Latin. It features some of the group's most romantic songs. It peaked at number 15 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart and at number 1 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart.
On December 1, 2015, it was announced on the band's website and social media that they would have a reunion tour for the whole month of February at the United Palace theater in New York City. Their first concert since their split started with a sold-out crowd on February 4, 2016. On the same day, they released Todavía Me Amas: Lo Mejor De Aventura. This greatest hits album was named after the 2002 single, "Todavía Me Amas". It features Judy Santos, Héctor Acosta, and Don Omar. It peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart. It has also peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Tropical Albums weekly chart and it has been positioned at number on numerous time lasting for a combine total of 195 weeks on that position. It peaked at number one on the year-end chart in the same category in which it became the number 1 tropical album for five years straight from 2019 to 2023. It was certified 3× Platinum in the U.S. by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). During the same month, the group would perform every Thursday to Sunday during the month of February with the final concert ending on February 28, 2016. They would've continued on with the tour, but Romeo had to finish the second leg of his Formula Vol. 2 tour. 
Romeo would finish the tour and then would release his third studio solo album Golden in 2017. Meanwhile, Henry would continue as an independent artist as Siente Music closed down in 2015. Henry released his third album  and a live album The Third in 2016. The following year, he released his first live solo album The Live Album: Sólo Éxitos. The year after, he released his fourth studio album Shut Up & Listen. As for Lenny, he would form a new duo called DNA Latin Group with a singer by the name of J Love and released 2 singles together. Then Max joined in forming a trio and would release a single with them. The trio didn't last long as they ended things in early 2019.

 Reunion and Inmortal Tour (2019–2021) 
On April 1, 2019, the group posted an image on their Instagram account teasing a new Aventura single called "Inmortal" slated to be released at 9PM, captioning it "#UTOPIA". At 9PM, Romeo uploaded a video saying that their new song would not be released at 9PM after all, and that it was intended to be an April Fool's joke which led the fans to become upset and lash out on social media. The following day, however, the group apologized and announced that the April Fool's joke was not the song, but was the release date. They then previewed the new single "Inmortal" and its music video, stating that it was being released on April 5, as a part of Romeo's fourth studio and first collaboration album, Utopia. Eventually, the song was released on that date and it is their first single since 2010. It debuted at 95 on the Billboard Hot 100, and at number 5 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart. It also peaked at number 1 on both the Latin and Tropical Airplay Billboard charts. On April 25, 2019, they performed the single live at the 2019 Billboard Latin Music Awards, alongside Raulin Rodriguez who performed "La Demanda" with Romeo prior to the other members apprearing on stage. That same night, Aventura won an award for Tropical Duo/Group of the Year.On September 21, 2019, the group reunited for Romeo's Utopia concert at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey. They performed hits such as "Dile al Amor", "Todavia Me Amas", and "Inmortal". The group performed "Obsesión" alongside Cardi B who would also performed her hit song "I Like It" at the concert. On December 8, 2019, an announcement was made regarding the band's upcoming US tour, La Gira Inmortal. It was their first tour since splitting in 2011, and began in Los Angeles on February 5, 2020. In March 2020, the group had announced that concerts were postpone due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This included 5 shows at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City that was supposed to take place from March 16 to the 19, and March 22, 2020. It was eventually postponed for the dates July 9 to the 12. However, it was eventually canceled just like all the other scheduled or postponed shows.In June 2021, Aventura announced the return of the Inmortal Tour. But instead of doing the shows in the venues that were originally planned before their cancelation, they decided to play at stadiums and big arenas in certain cities. Before the tour started, the group released the single Volví on August 3, 2021, featuring Bad Bunny. On August 14, the tour started in Miami, Florida at Hard Rock Stadium. They became the first Latin act to ever sell out the stadium. The tour ended on October 9, 2021, in East Rutherford, New Jersey, at MetLife Stadium. This was the same venue Romeo Santos sold out 2 years prior. They had a show for Arlington, Texas, at Globe Life Field scheduled on August 22, 2021. However it was postpone to October 14, 2021. This would have been the last concert but for some unknown reason the concert never happened. It was never mentioned. There was no news nor any announcements were made about why it was canceled.On November 4, 2021, Aventura announced their very last concert to be set for December 18, 2021, At the Félix Sánchez Olympic Stadium in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. They sold out tickets 3 days after the day they went on sale. A second concert was set for December 19, 2021, which would eventually be their final concert together. Both shows were successful. On May 10, 2022, Max "Agenda" Santos was interviewed by Mega Atlanta Radio. He mentioned a forthcoming album was in the works, but that he had no concrete announcement to make.

 Artistry 

 Musical style 
While the group uses many genres in their music, they are mostly a Bachata band. Unlike traditional bachata artists, Aventura uses American genres like  R&B, Pop, Hip Hop, Rap, Reggae and Rock mixed with there Bachata songs. Anthony innovated bachata with fresh lyrics that incorporated songs with different themes, instead of just singing about heartbreak. Lenny innovated bachata guitar with his use of electric guitars. He also innovated the tone of bachata guitar by adding guitar effects such as wah, phaser, distortion, tremolo, and harmonizer. Max innovated the bachata bass with his use of bass techniques such as slapping and bass slides. Max incorporated a lot of rock bass riffs into bachata. They are the creators of the urban style of Bachata. As Los Tinellers, they started off as a traditional bachata group. In the late 1990s, they would re-invent themselves as Aventura and started to add a more Americanized style to the genre.

 Influences 
They have been influenced by many Latin and American artists. In Bachata, their influences include artists like Juan Luis Guerra, Raulín Rodríguez, Luis Vargas, and Anthony Santos. Romeo even considers Anthony a father figure in the music business.

 Legacy 
The group have been widely dubbed the Kings of Modern Bachata, K.O.B. for short. They are credited with making Bachata a musical genre recognized worldwide and for broadening it's overall appeal. With their 2002 single Obsesión, the song had a wide cultural impact, launching their careers to heights they themselves never imagined. They have sold millions of albums, have broken numerous records, and have sold out multiple arenas and stadiums year over year during their heights as a band. 
The group's musical style led to them being pioneers in creating the Urban Bachata style, having inspired artists like Prince Royce, Leslie Grace, among others. They have also normalize forming bands which open doors for groups like Xtreme, Bachata Heightz, 24 Horas, Optimo, among others who have also drawn inspiration from their Urban style.

 Members 

 Principal members 
Anthony "Romeo" Santos – lead vocals, backing vocals, songwriter, composer, producer (1994-2011, 2016, 2019–2021)
Henry Santos – lead vocals, backing vocals, songwriter, composer, producer (1994-2011, 2016, 2019–2021)
Lenny Santos – lead guitar, rhythm guitar, electric guitar, arranger, producer, band director (1994-2011, 2016, 2019–2021)
Max Santos – bass guitar, rapper (1994-2011, 2016, 2019–2021)

 Backing members 
They weren't official members of group, but they held supporting roles. 

Toby Love – backing vocals, congas (2002, 2006, 2007)
Judy Santos – female vocals (2002, 2003, 2005)

 Discography 

 Studio 
As Los Tinellers

Trampa de Amor (1995)As Aventura

Generation Next (1999)
We Broke the Rules (2002)
Love & Hate (2003)
God's Project (2005)
The Last (2009)

 Live 
Unplugged (2004)
K.O.B. Live (2006)
Kings Of Bachata: Sold Out At Madison Square Garden (2007)
Live From The World (2008) (Only available in Dominican Republic) 

 Greatest Hits or Compilation 
14 + 14 (2011)
Sólo Para Mujeres (2014)
Todavía Me Amas: Lo Mejor De Aventura (2016)

 DVDs 
Aventura In Concert: Sold Out At The United Palace (2003)
We Broke the Rules (DVD) (2004)
The Love & Hate Concert: Sold Out At The United Palace (2005)
Kings Of Bachata: Sold Out At Madison Square Garden (2007)
14 + 14 (2011)

 Concert tours 
K.O.B. Live Tour (2007-2008)
The Last Tour (2009-2011)
Aventura Reunion In NYC (2016)
Inmortal Tour (2020-2021)

 Awards and nominations 

Aventura have won over 60 awards throughout their career. However, they have never won a Grammy or a Latin Grammy Award. They had one Latin Grammy Award nomination in 2007 for best Contemporary Tropical Album (for their K.O.B. Live album).

 See also 
List of Hispanic and Latino Americans
List of people from the Dominican Republic

 References 

 External links 

Official website
iASO Records "Bachata: The New York Style" - describes how Aventura contributed to the music of bachata

The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a roguelike and indie game designed by Edmund McMillen and developed and published by Nicalis. Rebirth was released for Linux, Microsoft Windows, OS X, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita in November 2014, for Xbox One, New Nintendo 3DS and Wii U in July 2015, for iOS in January 2017 and for Nintendo Switch in March 2017. The PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S versions were released in November 2021.
Rebirth is a remake of The Binding of Isaac, which was developed by McMillen and Florian Himsl and released in 2011 as an Adobe Flash application. This platform had limitations and led McMillen to work with Nicalis to produce Rebirth with a more advanced game engine, which in turn enabled the substantial addition of content and gameplay features. Three expansions have been released. Afterbirth and Afterbirth+, in October 2015 and January 2017, respectively, with more game content and gameplay modes; Afterbirth+ also added support for user-created content. The third, Repentance, was released in March 2021.
Similar to the original The Binding of Isaac, the plot is based on the biblical story of the same name and was inspired by McMillen's religious upbringing. The player controls Isaac, a young boy whose mother, convinced that she is doing God's work, strips him of everything and locks him in his room. When Isaac's mother is about to kill him, he escapes to the basement and fights through random, roguelike dungeons. The player defeats monsters, using Isaac's tears as projectiles, and collects items which modify his appearance, attributes, and abilities, potentially creating powerful combinations. Unlike the game's predecessor, Rebirth has a limited multiplayer mode, allowing an additional player in Rebirth, later increased to three additional players in Afterbirth and Afterbirth+. Full local co-op support was added to Repentance, where up to four players are able to play as any of the playable characters. Online co-op support was announced as a future feature in September 2023.
Rebirth released to critical acclaim. Reviewers praised its gameplay and improvements compared to the original The Binding of Isaac, but criticized its graphic imagery. Afterbirth, Afterbirth+ and Repentance also had a generally-favorable reception, with reviewers criticizing their difficulty but praising their added content. By July 2015, Rebirth and The Binding of Isaac had sold over five million copies combined. The game is regarded as one of the best roguelike games of all time.

 Gameplay 
Like the original, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a top-down 2D game in which the player controls the boy Isaac, amongst sixteen other unlockable characters, as he traverses the basement and beyond, fighting off monsters and collecting items. The gameplay is presented in a roguelike style; the levels are procedurally generated through a random seed into a number of self-contained rooms, including at least one boss battle. A run is completed by beating one of a number of different final bosses. Like most roguelike games, it has permadeath: when the player character dies, the game is over. Rebirth allows a play-through to be saved at any point. Map seeds can be shared, allowing for multiple people to try the same dungeon layout. However, seeded runs do not earn a player achievements, preventing players from using seeds which make getting these achievements easier.
The game is controlled similarly to a multidirectional shooter: the player moves the character with one set of controls, while 'shooting' tears with the other; the tears are bullets which defeat enemies. The player-character's health is represented by a number of hearts (in halves). The character can find items which replenish hearts; other items give the character additional hearts, increasing their number. Throughout the dungeons, the player can find bombs to damage foes and destroy obstacles; keys to open doors and treasure chests; and coins to buy items. Many items impact the character's attributes (such as speed and the damage and range of the character's tears) and other gameplay effects, including a character who floats behind the player-character and aids in combat. Items are either passive, granting permanent effects on pickup, or active, which can be used at any point and are either consumed on use or recharged by clearing rooms. The player can collect any number of passive items, whose effects build on each other with the potential to create powerful combinations. The player can only carry one active item at a time. The player can also carry one consumable, mostly tarot cards or pills with various effects, and one trinket, which act similarly to passive items except that they can be swapped out. Each floor contains a number of special rooms, such as treasure rooms, mini-boss fights, dice pip rooms, arcades, vaults, and curse rooms.In addition to expanding The Binding of Isaac's number of items, monsters, and room types (including those spanning multiple screens), Rebirth provides integrated controller support and allows a second local player to join in with a drop-in-drop-out mechanic. The second player controls a follower of the first player-character with the same attributes and abilities of that character, costing the first player-character one heart. The second character cannot plant bombs or carry items.  The Repentance expansion adds support for a 4-player co-op, where the extra players control fully functional characters.

 Plot 

The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth's plot loosely follows the biblical story of the same name, similar to the original game. Isaac, a child, and his mother live in a small house on a hill, both happily keeping to themselves, with Isaac drawing pictures and playing with his toys, and his mother watching Christian broadcasts on television. Isaac's mother then hears "a voice from above", stating her son is corrupted with sin, and needs to be saved. She removes all his possessions (including toys and clothing), believing they were the corrupting agents, and later locks him in his room to protect him from the evil outside. When she receives instructions to sacrifice her son to prove her devotion to her faith, Isaac flees through a trap door in his room, leading to "the unknown depths below".
After venturing through various floors and reaching The Depths, Isaac battles his mother. After defeating her, the game cuts back to Isaac in his room, where his mother attempts to kill him, grasping a butcher's knife. A Bible is knocked off a shelf, striking Isaac's mother in the head, killing her. Isaac celebrates, before the game cuts again to a smiling Isaac, where his mother once again opens his door, holding a knife.
Further completions of the game unlock new routes, new endings, and fights against various new final bosses, such as Mom's Heart, It Lives (a more difficult variation of Mom's Heart), Mega Satan, and more - these bosses themselves can unlock more endings and routes upon completion.

 Afterbirth 
The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth expansion contains two new endings, both of which involve the expansion's new content. Ending 17 is unlocked by defeating the newly added boss, Hush. It opens with the missing poster from Ending 15 and zooms in on Isaac's house. The scene cuts to Isaac's mother opening his toy chest, revealing Isaac's skeletal remains. Isaac is seen in a dull-colored landscape, where a shadow forms behind him.
Ending 18 is unlocked by defeating the boss Ultra Greed at the end of the new Greed Mode. It shows Isaac in a small cave, which caves in on him. The scene then changes to show one of the shopkeepers found throughout the game. It smiles, and the scene ends.

 Afterbirth+ 
The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth+, like the expansion before it, contains two new endings involving the new content added in the expansion. Ending 19 is unlocked by defeating the boss Ultra Greedier at the end of the new Greedier mode. It is almost exactly the same as Ending 18, with the major difference being that after the shopkeeper smiles, its head falls off and the body begins to spew out a geyser of spiders. 
Ending 20, called "Final Ending" prior to The Binding of Isaac: Repentance, is unlocked after defeating the boss Delirium, who is Isaac's representation of the "light at the end of the tunnel". It builds upon events seen in Endings 12, 15, and 17, and shows Isaac recalling his memories in his final moments before dying. Isaac is shown lying in his toy chest, breathing heavily. He recalls a memory of him overhearing a fight between his parents while he is drawing, and looks at a drawing he made of his house, with the caption "we lived here". He recalls a memory of his mother crying in front of a TV. His breathing gets faster as he recalls another memory, this one of him looking at a burnt family photo with his father removed. His breathing slows down, with Isaac visibly turning blue. Another memory is shown, showing a wall covered in drawings Isaac made. As the scene pans to the left, the drawings get more disturbed, and the noises of an argument in the background becomes more audible, culminating in a drawing of a demon towering over Isaac's dead and bloody parents, and Isaac's father saying "I'm outta here!" 
After a cut to black, the scene changes to Isaac's skeleton lying in the chest, covered in cobwebs. The chest is opened like in Ending 12, and the missing poster from Ending 15 is shown flying off the telephone pole. Isaac is seen roaming the dull-colored landscape from Ending 17.

 Repentance 
The Binding of Isaac: Repentance contains two new endings involving the content added. Ending 21 is unlocked for defeating the added Mother boss. It shows Isaac drawing a picture of the boss. His mother walks in, and Isaac tries to hide the drawing from her. His mother reacts by throwing him into a closet, saying "You think I'm a monster, Isaac? I'll show you a monster!" The scene cuts to Isaac in the closet, hyperventilating. His mother begins to tearfully recite the Lord's Prayer, with the closet growing darker and darker. A statue of Satan materializes behind Isaac, and the scene ends.
Ending 22 is the Final Ending, and is unlocked by defeating The Beast, the true final boss of the game. This ending completes the story of the game and its expansions.
Normally, after defeating the Mom boss on Depths II (or its equivalent alternate floor, Necropolis II), the player is locked out of leaving the room. If the player brings an item to teleport out of the room, they can enter a special door. Isaac finds a note left from his dad, and the game begins the Ascent sequence. Isaac begins to go up through the floors he visited throughout the game in reverse order.
Arguments can be heard that explain what happened to Isaac's family prior to the game. Isaac, a child, lives with his parents in a small house, on a hill. His parents become unhappy with each other, commonly fighting late at night while Isaac watches from a crack in the living room door. Isaac's father starts stealing money from his mother, who slowly develops into a religious fanatic to cope with her domestic abuse, prompting Isaac's father to leave and divorce Isaac's mother. Without Isaac's father around, her mental health worsens as she begins watching Christian broadcasts on the television, which in turn causes her to abuse Isaac.
Isaac throws himself into his toy chest from Ending 12 to hide from both his mother and himself, believing he is the reason his parents fought. The chest locks, preventing Isaac from leaving. Isaac slowly suffocates to death, with the events of the game being his final delusions. His mother realizes Isaac has gone missing, and puts up missing posters around the neighborhood in an attempt to find him, but no word comes. After an indeterminate amount of time, she opens the locked chest Isaac was in. Seeing that her son is dead, she cries over his body, mourning him.
In-game, upon venturing back from the depths of the basement to the surface, Isaac finds himself in a memory of his house. He sleeps in his mother's bed, and is awoken by a nightmare. Isaac enters the living room, where he fights Dogma, an embodiment of the Christian broadcasts watched by his mother. After defeating Dogma, Isaac fights the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, followed by The Beast (who is wearing his mother's dress), the true final boss of the game.
Isaac finally ascends up to the sky, and his life flashes back before him once more, before he sees nothing. In a final hallucination, Isaac's dad interjects, asking if Isaac really wants the story to end like this, and changes it to have a happy ending, with the opening narration changed to "Isaac and his parents lived in a small house, on the top of a hill...". Isaac passes away as the scene fades to black.

 Development 

The Binding of Isaac was developed by Edmund McMillen and Florian Himsl in 2011 during a game jam after the completion of Super Meat Boy, McMillen's previous game. Since Super Meat Boy was successful, McMillen was not concerned about making a popular game; he wanted to craft a game which melded The Legend of Zelda's top-down dungeon approach with the roguelike genre, wrapping it in religious allegory inspired by his upbringing. They used Adobe Flash, since it enabled them to develop the game quickly. McMillen quietly released the game to Steam for PC, where it unexpectedly became very popular. Wanting to expand the game, McMillen and Himsl discovered limitations in Flash which made an expansion difficult. Although they could incorporate more content with the Wrath of the Lamb expansion, McMillen had to abandon a second expansion due to the limitations.
After The Binding of Isaac's release, McMillen was approached by Tyrone Rodriguez of Nicalis (a development and publishing studio which had helped bring the PC games Cave Story and VVVVVV to consoles). Rodriguez offered Nicalis' services to help port The Binding of Isaac to consoles. McMillen was interested, but required they recreate the game outside Flash to incorporate the additional content he had to forego and fix additional bugs found since release. He also asked to be left out of the business side of the game's release (after his negative experiences dealing with business matters with Super Meat Boy), and Rodriguez agreed. Rebirth was announced in November 2012 as a console version of The Binding of Isaac, with plans to improve its graphics to 16-bit colors and incorporate the new content and material originally planned for the second expansion. Local cooperative play would also be added to the game, but McMillen said that they could not add online cooperative play because it would drastically lengthen development time.McMillen wanted to overhaul the entire game, particularly its graphics (which he called an "eyesore"). After polling players about which art style to use for the remake, McMillen and Nicalis brought in artists to improve the original assets in the new style and began working on the new content. McMillen commissioned a new soundtrack for the remake from Matthias Bossi and Jon Evans.

 Release 
McMillen and Rodriguez initially wanted to develop The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth for the Nintendo 3DS as a tribute to its roots in Nintendo's Legend of Zelda series. Nintendo, however, did not authorize the game's release for the 3DS in 2012 for content reasons. Although they had spent some time creating the 3DS version, McMillen and Rodriguez decided to focus on PC and PlayStation versions instead; those platforms allowed them to increase the game's capabilities. In addition to the PlayStation 3 and Vita consoles, Nicalis was in discussions with Microsoft for a release on the Xbox systems and McMillen had also considered a future iOS release. McMillen and Nicalis opted to move development from the PlayStation 3 to the new PlayStation 4 in August 2013, announcing its release at Sony's Gamescom presentation. The PlayStation 4 and Vita versions were released with the PC versions on November 5, 2014.During development, three senior Nintendo employees—Steve Singer, vice president of licensing; Mark Griffin, a senior manager in licensing, and indie development head Dan Adelman—championed the game within the company. They continued to work within Nintendo, and secured approval of Rebirth's release for the 3DS and Wii U in 2014. McMillen and Nicalis, after tailoring the game to run on more powerful systems, worked to keep it intact for the 3DS port. They spent about a year on the conversion and, although they got the game to work on the original 3DS, its performance was sub-optimal. They were one of the first developers (with Nintendo help) to obtain a development kit for the New Nintendo 3DS, which had more powerful hardware and memory to run the game at a speed matching that of the other platforms. The announcement of the New 3DS and Wii U versions was made with plans for an Xbox One version, and the game was released for all three systems on July 23, 2015.In January 2016, Nicalis reported that it was working on an iOS port of the game. The company reported the following month that Apple rejected its application to Apple's app, citing "violence towards children" violating content policies. Nicalis has worked with Apple to obtain preapproval and will release a universal iOS version of Rebirth (including the Afterbirth+ expansion) with improvements for that platform, including the use of iCloud for ease of play on multiple devices. Although Nicalis wants to add this to the Vita port, the company said it was a low priority due to the Vita's limited ability to handle many weapon combos. The initial iOS version of the core game, without expansions, was released on January 11, 2017.After hinting at a release on the upcoming Nintendo Switch console, Nicalis confirmed in January 2017 that Rebirth (with both expansions) would be released for the Switch in March 2017 as retail and digital titles. Scheduled for release on March 3 as a launch title, last-minute adjustments required the company to delay it until March 17. Because of the existing relationship with Nintendo for the Wii U and New Nintendo 3DS versions, Rodriguez said that they could obtain developer-prototype hardware for the Switch to port the game to that system. McMillen said that they could get Rebirth working on the Switch easily due to their approach to developing the game (with hooking integrated into respective system features, such as achievements, to simplify porting) and the ease of the Switch's development platform. The game was released for Switch on March 17, 2017. The version allows up to four players in a drop-in/drop-out cooperative mode, with the other three players using Joy-Con to control one of Isaac's "buddies" (similar to the two-player cooperative mode for PC). The physical version of the Switch game includes a manual similar to the manual which shipped with The Legend of Zelda for the Nintendo Entertainment System.

 Expansions 

 Afterbirth 
McMillen announced The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth, the first expansion for Rebirth, in February 2015. Afterbirth added items, enemies, alternate floors and bosses, and endings (including Greed Mode, which differs from the main game and is reportedly more difficult). Afterbirth was released on October 30, 2015, for Windows, OS X, and Linux computers. The expansion was released for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions on May 10, 2016. The expansion is unlikely to be released on any other platforms due to limitations in the platforms' hardware capabilities and Afterbirth's more complex mechanics.McMillen had programmed a number of hidden secrets into The Binding of Isaac (which fans were discovering and discussing on a Reddit subforum), and took additional care to hide them in patches and updates. He knew that players would be looking for hidden secrets in Rebirth, and took steps to completely hide the Lost (a new playable character). Unlocking it required a number of steps (including having the player-character repeatedly die in specific circumstances), and hints for what needed to be done were scattered among the game's assets; therefore, McMillen and his team anticipated that it would take a long time before players would discover the Lost. However, players on the Reddit subforum went to its executable files to search for clues to secrets and discovered the Lost (and how to unlock it) within 109 hours of the game's release. McMillen said that he was disappointed with the community because his team hid the secrets for discovery in gameplay and clues in the game; although he still planned to release Afterbirth, he said that he would not rush its release.McMillen wanted to hide the Keeper (another character) and elements already hinted at in the game about Isaac's father in Afterbirth, but knew that players would data-mine its program files to find them; instead, he planned an alternate reality game (ARG) which would require players to discover real-world clues. Since he expected the birth of his daughter at the end of September 2015 and the expansion was planned for release in October, he arranged the ARG to continue without him. When Afterbirth was released, players found what they thought were bugs (such as missing new items which had been promised on the game's store page); some accused McMillen of deceiving them. Although some of these omissions were planned as part of the ARG, McMillen discovered that the released game accidentally lacked some new items because it used a different build than originally planned. His team raced to patch the game and tried to provide support (and hints) about the Keeper, using the number 109. McMillen later said that the items missing from the released game distracted players from the secrets he had hidden.With the release of the patch, players began discovering in-game hints about the Keeper and engaged in McMillen's ARG as planned. Clues included calling a special phone number and identifying actual locations in the Santa Cruz area (where McMillen lives) which were related to the game. Following additional clues (including locating a buried figure of one of the game's mini-bosses), they unlocked the Keeper and additional in-game items to collect. Although McMillen thought that the ARG ultimately worked out, he would not engage the community in a similar manner again to avoid seeming egotistical.

 Afterbirth+ 
Nicalis announced in December 2015 that a second expansion, Afterbirth+, was in development. In addition to adding monsters, bosses, items and a playable character called Apollyon to the game, the expansion includes a bestiary which tracks how many of each type of creature (and boss) the player has defeated and modding support to allow players to craft room types, import graphics, and script events with Lua. The expansion was released for Windows on January 3, 2017, and for PlayStation 4 on September 19, 2017. The expansion later released to Xbox One as downloadable content on October 24, 2019. The Switch version of the game was released in North America on March 17, 2017, and in Europe and Australasia on September 7 of that year. This version includes Afterbirth and Afterbirth+; limited-time launch editions of the game are available physically and digitally, making it the first Nicalis-published game to be released physically.Some of the best community mods were added to the game in "booster packs" (initially planned monthly, becoming less frequent), with the first release in March 2017 and the fifth (and final) release on May 1, 2018. The last two packs include material developed by players who created the Antibirth fan expansion and whom McMillen enlisted.

 Repentance 
Before the release of Afterbirth+, The Binding of Isaac: Antibirth (a fan-made mod of Rebirth) was released in December 2016. Similar to the official expansions, Antibirth adds playable characters, bosses, power-ups and other content, and returns some gameplay aspects (which had been changed in the Afterbirth expansion) to the original Rebirth version. Alice O'Connor of Rock, Paper, Shotgun called the mod "more difficult than [The Binding of Isaac]" and a new challenge compatible with the official game expansions. At McMillen's request, the group reworked some Antibirth content (which was incorporated into the Afterbirth+ booster packs). McMillen said at PAX West in September 2018 that Antibirth would be made into Repentance (official DLC for Rebirth), and he was working with some of the mod's creators on balance tweaking and ensuring that its narrative was consistent with Isaac. Initially, Repentance was announced to be a reworking of the extremely well-regarded Antibirth mod for The Binding of Isaac (it's being developed alongside Antibirth's original creator Vinh), albeit tweaked to "make it canon" and expanded with "a ton more content".The expansion was released for PC on March 31, 2021. Repentance was released for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S on November 4, 2021.

 Future development 
Although McMillen wanted to support the modding community and its expansions as part of The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, he found that several ideas began overlapping with his own thoughts about what a sequel to The Binding of Isaac should be; in addition, further expansion of the game would require him to rework the base game engine. With the last booster packs (containing Antibirth content), he considered The Binding of Isaac complete. The addition of the Antibirth content somewhat extends the game, but McMillen does not plan any more updates. He plans to continue to develop The Binding of Isaac franchise; a prequel, The Legend of Bum-bo, was released on November 12, 2019. During an investigation by Kotaku exploring questionable business practices and behavior from Nicalis, McMillen announced that he would be severing his working relationship with the company, with Repentance being their final planned collaboration.Rodriguez stated on social media in September 2023 that they were working on adding four player online cooperative play to The Binding of Isaac.

 Reception 

According to review aggregator Metacritic, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth received "generally favorable" reviews; the iOS version received "universal acclaim". Dan Stapleton of IGN praised Rebirth for the seemingly-endless variation in gameplay created by each run-through, giving him "plenty of motivation" to continue playing; his only criticism was its lack of in-game information on available power-ups. GameSpot's Brent Todd wrote that while the game's story and imagery may be initially disturbing, Rebirth has "speedy, varied gameplay and seemingly neverending new features" which would keep the player entertained for a long time. Simon Parkin of Eurogamer said that Rebirth "feels like the product of the psychotherapeutic process", but is "the most accessible Rogue-like [game] yet made" due to its easy control scheme and randomization of each run. Nic Rowen of Destructoid said that Rebirth was a great improvement on The Binding of Isaac, "an incredible experience that can't be missed".Afterbirth+ received generally-favorable reviews from critics. Jose Otero of IGN praised its variety: "The unpredictable items and varied enemies make it one of the most wacky and replayable games I've ever experienced." Although Peter Glagowksi of Destructoid gave its DLC a positive review, calling it an "impressive effort", he wrote that the DLC's base content has little to offer newcomers to the series.Rock, Paper, Shotgun was critical of the DLC's difficulty, which it thought was largely derived from random, untelegraphed enemy behavior. About Afterbirth+'s design cohesion, reviewer Adam Smith characterized its DLC as "mashing together existing parts of the game and producing either a weak cover version or a clumsy remix". Review website Beastby criticized Afterbirth+'s fairness: "The question isn't always 'Will I enjoy the gameplay loop?' but rather 'How many unfair runs will it take for me to have one in which I stand a chance?'" The expansion's modding application programming interface was called "a disappointment" by members of the Team Alpha modding group, who expressed frustration with the API's "massive shortcomings" and Nicalis' lack of support. 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Official website

Hong Kong national football team
The Hong Kong national football team (Chinese: 香港足球代表隊; Cantonese Yale: Hēunggóng jūkkàuh doihbíu deuih; recognized as Hong Kong, China by FIFA) represents Hong Kong in international football and is controlled by the Football Association of Hong Kong, China, the governing body for football in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong hosted the first AFC Asian Cup in 1956 and won third place, also reaching the semifinals in 1964. Hong Kong did not qualify for another AFC tournament until 2023. They had never qualified for the FIFA World Cup and its biggest celebrated victory was the 1986 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC) where Hong Kong produced a 2–1 upset win against China which resulted in Hong Kong qualifying for the second rounds of qualification. Hong Kong has qualified for the EAFF E-1 Football Championship six times in 1995, 1998, 2003, 2010, 2019 and 2022.

 History 

 Establishment and pre-WWII era 
Before Hong Kong became a member of FIFA in 1954, Hong Kong began playing in the Hong Kong–Macau Interport tournament in 1937, which was one of the oldest competitions co-held by Hong Kong as well as continuously played. There were other interport tournaments in the past, such as the Shanghai-Hong Kong Interport which was first held in 1908. At that time the team was composed of ethnic Chinese as well as western expatriates, as in the 1935 and 1937 edition of Shanghai-Hong Kong Interport. There was another Interport tournament against Saigon. The aforementioned Macau, Shanghai and Saigon were not a member of FIFA nor a sovereign nation at that time, with Hong Kong and Macau only having joined FIFA in 1954 and 1978 respectively. The China national team that participated in 1936 and 1948 Summer Olympics, were mainly composed of ethnic Chinese players from Hong Kong, most famously Lee Wai Tong.After WWII, a number of Shanghai-based players began representing Hong Kong, such as Chang King Hai and Hsu King Shing. Hong Kong played its first international match after World War II in 1949, against South Korea. Its first victory came in 1953, a 4–0 win against South Korea.

 FIFA member (1954–present) 
The Hong Kong FA became a member of FIFA and the Asian Football Confederation in 1954. Since then Hong Kong played their first FIFA-recognized international match against other countries. HKFA also sent a scratch team for 1957 Merdeka Tournament, which was composed of players from Eastern due to their proximity, plus few players from other clubs. The club was having a pre-season tour in South Asia, thus the HKFA invited the club to represent Hong Kong. However, some of the players were in fact ineligible to play for Hong Kong, as they were ROC (Taiwan) international players.Hong Kong qualified for three of the first four editions of the Asian Cup, including a third-place finish in the 1956 edition as host. At that time, most Hong Kong players represented Republic of China (Taiwan); they finished third in the Asian Cup in the 1960 edition, leaving more inferior players to the proper Hong Kong team.Hong Kong has never qualified for the World Cup. However, its most celebrated victory happened during 1986 World Cup qualifying. On 19 May 1985, in Beijing, Hong Kong faced China in the final match of the first qualifying round, where Hong Kong needed a win to advance while China needed only a draw. Hong Kong, led by coach Kwok Ka Ming, produced a 2–1 upset win, with goals from Cheung Chi Tak and Ku Kam Fai, thereby winning the group and advancing to the knockout stage where it subsequently lost to Japan.
The 1998 World Cup Asian qualifiers was considered one of Hong Kong's darkest moments as it was hit by a match-fixing scandal that involved former Sing Tao striker Chan Tsz-Kong who was found guilty and jailed for a year after he bribed players to throw and lose a match against Thailand. Others who were involved include goalkeeper Kevin Lok Kar-Win, defenders Chan Chi-Keung and Lau Chi Yuen and striker Wai Kwan-Lung.

 Football fever in 2015 
A short football fever appeared during 2018 World Cup qualifying in Hong Kong, as Hong Kong had drawn into the same group with their fierce rival, China. Due to the tensions built up from Hong Kong–Mainland China conflict, many local citizens became interested in this year's campaign; all four home matches were recorded as a sellout. Hong Kong ended the campaign with 4 victories against Bhutan and Maldives, 2 scoreless draws against China, and 2 losses against Qatar.
In late 2018, under the guidance of English-born coach Gary White, Hong Kong qualified for their third appearance at the EAFF E-1 Football Championship finals. Shortly afterwards, White departed from the role.
In April 2019, Hong Kong FA appointed Finnish-born Mixu Paatelainen as the new head coach of the national football team in time for the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers and the 2019 EAFF E-1 Football Championship tournament. However, after a poor run of performances, Mixu's contract was not renewed.

 Qualification to the 2023 AFC Asian Cup finals 
On 13 December 2021, Norwegian Jørn Andersen who formerly guided North Korea was named as the new head coach succeeding Mixu Paatelainen in preparation for the third round of qualification of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup in which he guided Hong Kong to qualified for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup by beating Afghanistan 2–1 and Cambodia 3–0, reaching the final tournament after a 55-year absence. In preparation for the tournament itself, on 2 January 2024, Hong Kong pulled a shocking 2–1 victory over arch-enemy China beating them for the first time in 29 years during the friendly match held in Abu Dhabi. 
On 15 January 2024, Hong Kong then kick off their 2023 Asian Cup campaign against UAE in which they lost 3–1 in the opening match where Chan Siu Kwan scored the 1,000th goal in the AFC Asian Cup history.

 Team image 

 Kits and crest 
The national team's home kit has always been a red shirt, red shorts, and red or white socks. The away colours are white shirts, white shorts and red or white socks.

 Kit suppliers 

 Kit deals 

 Crest 
The crest of the Hong Kong national football team has a Chinese dragon from the crest of the HKFA, which were logo has been always used as the team emblem.
Nevertheless, the HKFA emblem was not used on jerseys until 31 May 2011, HKFA debuted current emblem for the national team.

 Home Stadium 
The team's primary stadium is Hong Kong Stadium.
For some friendly matches and minor qualification matches, the Hong Kong team plays most often at the Mong Kok Stadium in Kowloon, which was re-opened in 2011 after a renovation. Moreover, the 2018 edition of the Lunar New Year Cup was held in Mong Kok. The cup was a local tradition to celebrate Chinese New Year, which was held in Government Stadium in the past.
The Jockey Club HKFA Football Training Centre is currently the main training ground for the Hong Kong national and youth teams.

 Rivalries 

 China 

Hong Kong maintains a specific rivalry with China. The rivalry began in 1978 and for the first decades before the return of Hong Kong to China, Hong Kong produced a shock 2–1 upset in Beijing, and this led to unrest by Chinese supporters. Since then, China never lost to Hong Kong, and has achieved more successes, but the rivalry continues to have some influence on Hong Kong society.On 1 January 2024, Hong Kong defeated China in a closed door international friendly, marking their first victory in 39 years.

 Macau 
The Hong Kong–Macau rivalry has been contested by Hong Kong Football Association and Macau Football Association since 1937.

 Results and fixtures 

See also: 2023–24 in Hong Kong footballThe following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
  Win
  Draw
  Loss

 2023 

 2024 

 Coaching staff 

 Coaching history 
Last updated: Hong Kong 0–3 Palestine, 23 January 2024. Statistics include international "A" matches only.

 Players 

 Current squad 

 2023 Asian Cup Finals squad 
Head coach:  Jorn Andersen
Assistant coach:  Wolfgang Luisser
Goalkeeper coach:  Fan Chun Yip
Specialist conditioning coach:  Mathew Pears
Team manager:  Chan Cheng Te Graeme
Physiotherapist:  Kwong Hoi Hang Karen,  Leung Hok Hin Frankie,  Lo Ho Cheong
Team doctor:  Wan Hay Man KeithThe following 26 players have been called up for the final squad for 2023 AFC Asian Cup.Caps and goals as of 23 January 2024 after the match against  Palestine.

 Recent call-ups 
The following players have been called up for the team within the previous 12 months.

 History of naturalised players 
During the 1950s, Arthur Santos who is of British-Portuguese nationality became the first naturalised player to represent the Hong Kong national football team who was then followed by another fellow Portuguese-born player named JH Toleido.In the 1960's, there were a couple more foreign players who had represented the Hong Kong national football team whilst some were working within the national service. These include British players from T. Watson, Evans, Ken Wallis who went on to represent Hong Kong during the lawn bowls event during the 1990 and 1994 Commonwealth Games as well as Australian-born Pete McClaren and Scottish-born Charlie Wright.In the late 1970's, Scottish-born players Derek Currie, Dave Anderson and Hugh McCrory all became eligible to represent the Hong Kong national football team in which Currie and Anderson took part during the 1979 Asian Cup qualifiers whilst McCrory took part during the 1982 World Cup qualifiers.
There were at least a couple more naturalised players who went on to represent Hong Kong throughout the 90's which include Bosnian-born Anto Grabo along with fellow English-born players Mark Grainger, John Moore and most notably Dale Tempest. Sung Lin Yung became the first mainland born player to represent Hong Kong during the 1998 World Cup Asian qualifiers having resided for more than two years under FIFA eligibility rules.
In the 2000's, there were a couple of African and Brazilian-born players who also went through naturalisation having met the residential criteria. Nigerian-born Lawrence Akandu obtained his Hong Kong citizenship in which he played for the national team during the 2003 East Asia Cup finals where he scored a goal in a loss against South Korea. He was soon followed by Cameroon-born Guy Gerard Ambassa who obtained his permanent residential status in 2005 along with another fellow Nigerian-born player named Colly Ezeh and Brazilian-born Cristiano Cordeiro in which both of whom earned international caps during the 2007 Asian Cup qualifiers. Cordeiro was also the first non-Chinese captain in the history of the Hong Kong team during the 2008 East Asia Cup preliminary stages.
During the mid 2010s, there had been an increase of naturalised players being used to represent the national team in which former head coach Kim Pan-gon stated that he needed to pick his best players regardless of their origin.These include the likes of European-born players Dani Cancela, Jaimes McKee, Fernando Recio, Andy Russell, Jack Sealy, Jordi Tarrés and Sean Tse, Brazilian-born Everton Camargo, Paulo César, Clayton, Diego Eli, Fernando, Giovane, Helio, Itaparica, Juninho, Roberto Júnior, Tomas Maronesi, Paulinho, Stefan Pereira, and Sandro, Asian-born players Jahangir Khan and Yuto Nakamura, and African born players from Wisdom Fofo Agbo, Alex Akande, Christian Annan, Mahama Awal, Festus Baise, Godfred Karikari, Jean-Jacques Kilama, and Paul Ngue.
In addition to Sung Lin Yung, several other mainland born players went on to represent Hong Kong from past to present which include Bai He, Chao Pengfei, Deng Jinghuang, Feng Jizhi, Gao Wen, Li Haiqiang, Liu Quankun, Huang Yang, Ju Yingzhi, Wang Zhenpeng, Wei Zhao, Xiao Guoji, Xu Deshuai, Ye Jia, and Zhang Chunhui.

 Records 
As of 19 January 2024
Players in bold are still active with Hong Kong.

 Most appearances 

 Top goalscorers 

 Captains 
This list only records the players who were named as Hong Kong captain in official international competitions. First-choice captains always go first.

 Competitive record 
See comprehensive article: Hong Kong national football team – record in qualifying and major tournaments
Denotes draws includes knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.

 All time results 

 FIFA World Cup 

 AFC Asian Cup 

 Dynasty Cup and East Asian Football Championship 

 Asian Games 

 Minor tournaments 

 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup 
Hong Kong team won the competition 17 times.

 Lunar New Year Cup 

 Honours 

 Continental 
AFC Asian Cup  Third place (1): 1956

 Regional 
Dynasty Cup  Third place (1): 1995

 Exhibition Game 
Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup Champions: 17 timesLunar New Year Cup Champions: 8 timesMerdeka Tournament Third place (1): 1974Beijing invited Tournament Runner-up: (1) 1977Long Teng Cup Champions (1): 2011

 See also 
Sports in Hong Kong
Football in Hong Kong
Hong Kong women's national football team

 References 

 Notes 

 Citations 

 External links 

Official website
Team news on the HKFA website
Hong Kong Football – (English version)
RSSSF Archive
Hong Kong at FIFA
Hong Kong at AFC
Information about Asia Soccer matches

Celtic union
A Celtic union or Celtic alliance refers to political unity between the Celtic nations either within the UK or together as independent countries. 

 Historical proposals 
In 1964, Charles De Gaulle proposed a Celtic Union that would establish and develop links between Celtic countries. There should also be a Celtic "Esperanto" to facilitate communication and which would be created from common elements in all Celtic languages and a Pan-Celtic festival.: 108 

 'Celtic Alliance' - co-operation within the UK 
In 2010, Plaid Cymru and the SNP formed a "Celtic Alliance" with the aim of increasing their influence on a UK government via agreements over policies and funding.In November 2016, the First Minister of Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon stated the idea of a "Celtic Corridor" of the island of Ireland and Scotland appealed to her.In a Plaid Cymru conference in 2019, leader of Sinn Fein, Mary Lou McDonald stated "We need a pan-celtic anti-Tory political culture. A shared political culture that respects each other’s sovereignty and right to nationhood. A shared political culture grounded in principles of common interest and common purpose." She echoed these views in a supportive video message to YesCymru in July 2022.In June 2022, Bangor University lecturer and journalist, Ifan Morgan Jones has suggested that "a short-term fix for Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland might be a greater degree of cooperation with each other, as a union within a union." he also suggested that "If they could find a way of working together in their mutual interest, that’s a fair degree of combined influence, particular if the next General Election produces a hung parliament."In July 2023, the Welsh Government announced a "Celtic Heritage – Cornwall-Wales Collaboration Agreement" focused on cooperation in the following areas;

sustainable housing
achieving net zero
rural economies
culture and languageIn August 2023, political leaders from Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Cornwall, Brittany, Galicia and Asturias met at the first ever Celtic Forum. Areas of discussion included a "Celtic Erasmus", Maritime transport, fishing & offshore wind power and native languages. Native languages include; Asturian, Breton, Cornish, Galician, Irish, Scottish, and Welsh.In January 2024, a Celtic Alliance was again proposed by a journalist Farrell Perks as a political co-operation between the Celtic countries within the UK to advance the cause of self-determination.

 Celtic Union of independent countries 
In March 2017 a letter to the Irish Times proposed a Celtic union of Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland, and Scotland as an alternative to Brexit where "Northern Ireland is a swing vote".In April 2017, a Celtic union of the whole of Ireland, Scotland and Wales was proposed as an alternative to Brexit. Such a union would require the independence of Scotland and Wales and the reunification of IrelandIn January 2019 the leader of the Welsh nationalist Plaid Cymru party, Adam Price spoke in favour of cooperation among the Celtic nations of Britain and Ireland following Brexit. Among his proposals were a Celtic Development Bank for joint infrastructure and investment projects in energy, transport and communications in Ireland, Wales, Scotland, and the Isle of Man, and the foundation of a Celtic union, the structure of which is already existent in the Good Friday Agreement according to Price. Speaking to RTÉ, the Irish national broadcaster he proposed Wales and Ireland working together to promote the indigenous languages of each nation.In August 2019, Alastair Kneale of the Celtic League Mannin Branch said that the Isle of Man should also be open to a Celtic union.In the same month, Jason O'Toole writing for the Irish Mirror suggested a 'Celtic Pact' between Ireland, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, similarly to the Scandinavian Nordic Council.In June 2020, journalist Gina Tonic suggested a "United Celtic Republic" including Scotland, Wales, Cornwall, Isle of Man, Brittany and a United Ireland.In July 2020, the potential "Celtic Corridor" bridge between Scotland and Northern Ireland was proposed as a potential link for a Celtic union.In 2022, journalist Jamie Dalgety has also proposed the concept of a Celtic Union involving Scotland and Ireland but suggests that lack of support for Welsh independence may mean that a Gaelic Celtic Union involving may be more appropriate.

 See also 
The concept of Pan-CelticismCeltic union may also refer to:

A pan-Celticist society founded in 1853 by Robert Cane (active 1853–1858)
A pan-Celticist society founded by a faction of the Celtic Congress in 1947 (active 1947–1950), see Celtic Congress

 References 

List of awards and nominations received by Christopher Nolan
British-American filmmaker Christopher Nolan has received many awards and honours throughout his career. He has been nominated for eight Academy Awards, eight British Academy Film Awards and six Golden Globe Awards, winning Best Director for Oppenheimer. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2019 New Year Honours for his services to film. In 2024, Nolan received the British Film Institute Fellowship for his "extraordinary achievements and enormous contribution to cinema."At the 2001 Sundance Film Festival, Nolan and his brother Jonathan won the Waldo Salt Screenwriting Award for Memento, and in 2003 Nolan received the Sonny Bono Visionary Award from the Palm Springs International Film Festival. Festival executive director Mitch Levine said, "Nolan had in his brief time as a feature film director, redefined and advanced the very language of cinema". He was named an Honorary Fellow of UCL in 2006, and conferred an honorary doctorate in literature (DLit) in 2017. In 2009, the director received the Board of the Governors Award from the American Society of Cinematographers. In 2011 Nolan received the Britannia Award for Artistic Excellence in Directing from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts and the ACE Golden Eddie Filmmaker of the Year Award from American Cinema Editors. That year he also received the Modern Master Award, the highest honour presented by the Santa Barbara International Film Festival. In addition, Nolan was the recipient of the inaugural VES Visionary Award from the Visual Effects Society.In 2012 he became the youngest director to be honoured with a hand-and-footprint ceremony at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles. Nolan received the first-ever Founder's Award from Slamdance Film Festival in 2014. The Art Directors Guild selected Nolan as the recipient of its Cinematic Imagery Award in 2015, an honour bestowed upon those whose body of work has "richly enhanced the visual aspects of the movie-going experience". He was selected as the 2015 Class Day speaker at Princeton University and was awarded the Empire Inspiration Award at the 20th Empire Awards. In the following years he received the FIAF Award from the archival community, and the inaugural Vanguard Award from The Digital Entertainment Group. The director has been honoured with career retrospectives at the Walker Art Center and Institut Lumière. In 2023, Nolan was awarded the Federation of American Scientists' Public Service Award. A year later he received the Honorary César from the Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma, the Visionary Award from the Saturn Awards, and the inaugural Trailblazer Award at 2024 Sundance Film Festival.

 Major associations 

 Academy Awards 

 BAFTA Awards 

 Golden Globe Awards 

 Directors Guild of America Awards 

 Producers Guild of America Awards 

 Writers Guild of America Awards 

 Other associations 

 See also 
List of accolades received by The Dark Knight
List of accolades received by Inception
List of accolades received by Interstellar
List of accolades received by Dunkirk
List of accolades received by Oppenheimer (film)

 References 

 Notes 

 Sources 

 External links 
List of awards and nominations at the Internet Movie Database

Charter Amendment One (Gainesville, Florida)
Charter Amendment One was a citizen-led referendum defeated in Gainesville, Florida's city election on March 24, 2009. Titled the "Amendment to the City Charter Prohibiting the City from Providing Certain Civil Rights," the measure would remove the legal protections not explicitly covered under the Florida Civil Rights Act of 1992, specifically with reference to sexual orientation and gender identity.The amendment was a key issue of debate in the elections and attracted national attention to social controversies in Gainesville, Florida that continued through the mayoral election in 2010.
The amendment was viewed as a test of LGBT rights in Florida following the passage of Florida Amendment 2 which banned same-sex unions the previous year.

 History 
In January 2008, the Gainesville City Commission narrowly voted to add gender identity to the list of protected groups in its city discrimination ordinance. Gainesville's discrimination ordinance forbids discrimination in access to public accommodation, housing, credit and employment for ten different categories.Going back to the early 1990s, the debate over LGBT rights in the area had been acrimonious. At a tumultuous June 1992 meeting culminating in the arrest of 15 protesters, the Gainesville City Commission voted 3-2 to oppose a proposed Alachua County anti-discrimination ordinance in a resolution equating homosexuality with "pedophilia, bestiality and necrophilia."In March 1993, by a 3-2 vote, the Alachua County Commission passed the ordinance adding sexual orientation as a protected category on the county level. In response, a local anti-gay group called Concerned Citizens of Alachua County gathered signatures to overturn the law by referendum. Two groups, No On 1 and Just Vote No, arose to fight the referendum but were badly outspent by the Concerned Citizens group.After a contentious months-long campaign, the Alachua County ordinance was overturned by citizen referendum in the fall elections of 1994 by a vote of 57% to 43%.At the same election, a county charter amendment forbidding any similar anti-discrimination ordinances in the future passed with 60% of the vote. Local activists challenged the ban in state court, with national legal organizations getting involved on both sides. In November 1996, following the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Romer v. Evans, a judge threw out the amendment barring protection of gay people because it had no rational basis under the U.S. Constitution.In 1998, after the makeup of the city commission changed following municipal elections, Gainesville city commissioners voted 3-1 to add sexual orientation to the city discrimination ordinance, a move which met with much less fervent opposition.After the 2008 passage of Gainesville's ordinance protecting transgender people from discrimination, the Group Citizens for Good Public Policy organized a campaign to remove both gender identity and sexual orientation from the charter citing fears that loose gender laws would make it easier for men to infiltrate bathrooms designated for women and girls.  By July 2008, they had collected enough signatures to place a referendum on the 2009 city ballot.

 Campaigns 
Both proponents and opponents of the measure had assistance from interest groups. The PAC Citizens for Good Public Policy supported the measure with legal representation from the Thomas More Law Center, a conservative Christian law group.Observers noted that the sides and issues involved the campaign resembled those in the 1994 vote, with one exception. 
The primary opposition arose from Equality is Gainesville's Business, which was represented in court by the American Civil Liberties Union and received support from Lambda Legal, the NAACP, the League of Women Voters, and other organizations.

 Political Aftermath 
In 2010, Gainesville's mayoral race featured Don Marsh, a conservative who had vocally supported Charter Amendment One, and Craig Lowe, a city commissioner who had voted in favor of adding gender identity to the city charter.A runoff election resulted in Craig Lowe being narrowly elected Gainesville's first openly gay mayor by a margin of 42 votes.To express their opposition to Lowe's campaign, controversial Dove World Outreach Center displayed a sign reading "No homo Mayor" before amending the statement to read "No homo." The sign was modified after warnings that adopting a political stance could cause them to lose their tax-exempt status.

 References 

Hampstead Hoax
Hampstead Hoax was a series of false accusations starting in 2014 alleging that a Satan-worshipping paedophile ring of about "175 parents, teachers and religious leaders" were abusing children in the Hampstead area of north London. Police found no evidence of abuse, let alone murder or Satanism, and  the accused abusers were subject to harassment, death threats and online abuse, which continued at least to 2022. It later transpired that the two children who alleged the crimes had been threatened and abused by adults to make the accusations.

 History 
In the summer of 2014, two children accused their father (Ricky Dearman) of running the ring. In 2014, Ella Draper, a resident of Hampstead reported that her two children had been abused by their father and her estranged ex- husband (Ricky Dearman). An interview was taped in which Draper's children told police their father was part of a ring of satanic pedophiles who killed babies and drank their blood. Cult members would allegedly drink the babies' blood, "then dance around wearing babies’ skulls and shoes made of baby skin".  In addition to their father, the children accused "their older half-brother, several teachers from their school, the priest at the adjacent church, a large number of parents from their school, social workers, Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service employees, and police officers" of belonging to the satanic cult.A police search of the local school (Christchurch Primary) and church for the secret rooms where the children said babies were killed found nothing. None of the other children whom the two children  had named as abuse victims made similar accusations; some of the sites given by the children as locations of abuse didn't exist, and none of the Metropolitan Police officers the children had named as members of the cult were found to exist.The children recanted, and told police they had been forced to make the allegations by their mother and her partner, Abraham Christie – "in a process a judge would later refer to as 'torture'”.  According to Judge Justice Pauffley: 

“There is every reason to conclude that over the course of the four weeks spent abroad last summer, the children’s minds were filled with ever more elaborate, fantastical and sexually explicit stories. … It was part of a deliberate plan by Mr. Christie and Ms. Draper.”
Police did not prosecute Christie and Draper because the abuse had happened in another country –  Morocco, where they were on holiday.The story did not end there.  Draper continued to sue her ex-husband for custody of her children, and recruited Sabine McNeil to help her. In early 2015, McNeil took videos of police interviews of the children describing the Satanic Ritual Abuse, a list of the alleged abusers and other confidential information from Draper's case and posted it on the Internet. Specifically on  The Tap Blog of Henry Curteis. The videos went viral.The conspiracy theory spread that a satanic paedophile ring existed in Hampstead, and Dearman and the other 175 people were subject to harassment, death threats and online abuse, which continued at least to 2022.    A court order demanding both Draper and McNeill remove material about the case from the internet. Draper fled police and went to Spain. Sabine McNeill fled to  Germany but was arrested when she returned to London.In 2016, McNeill was  issued with lifetime restraining orders against broadcasting illegal and false claims. Three months later, she plead guilty to violating the restraining order and  received a suspended sentence. In November and December 2018, she was convicted of four counts of harassment and stalking and six counts of again violating the 2016 restraining order. In 2019, she was sentenced to nine years in prison. In sentencing, Judge Sally Cahill pronounced:

The direct consequences of your actions is that for the four families concerned you have ruined all normal family life. Their children have been unable to attend school normally and are either home schooled or have to carry tracking devices and alarms. The families have escape routes planned in case of attack, mothers have slept on the floors of their children’s bedrooms to protect them. They have had to move homes: they have had businesses ruined as a result of being unable to have an online profile. As if that is not bad enough, for the children, they will never as things stand at the moment, be able to go online and put in their own names without seeing the vile filth that you have peddled over a period of years. The allegations were of murder, cannibalism, Satanism and sexual abuse. They could not be more serious or vile. The children’s lives have been blighted forever. In my judgement you are an arrogant, malicious, evil, and manipulative woman.
(Since 2015, at least seven other people have been arrested and charged variously with stalking, intimidation, harassment, and contempt of court in connection with the hoax.)

 See also 
Pizzagate conspiracy theory
Satanic panic

 References 

Laycock, Joseph P. (2023). Satanism. Elements in New Religious Movements (online ed.). Cambridge University Press. ISBN 9781009057349.

Walworth County, Wisconsin
Walworth County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 106,478. Its county seat is Elkhorn. The county was created in 1836 from Wisconsin Territory and organized in 1839. It is named for Reuben H. Walworth. Walworth County comprises the Whitewater-Elkhorn, WI Micropolitan Statistical Area and is included in the Milwaukee-Racine-Waukesha, WI Combined Statistical Area. Lake Geneva, the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater, and Alpine Valley Resort, and Music Theatre are located in Walworth County.

 Geography 
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 577 square miles (1,490 km2), of which 555 square miles (1,440 km2) is land and 21 square miles (54 km2) (3.7%) is water.

 Transportation 

 Major highways 

 Railroads 
Canadian National
East Troy Electric Railroad
Union Pacific
Wisconsin and Southern Railroad

 Buses 
List of intercity bus stops in Wisconsin

 Airport 
East Troy Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 57C), serves the county and surrounding communities

 Adjacent counties 
Waukesha County  (northeast)
Racine County  (east)
Kenosha County  (east)
McHenry County, Illinois (southeast)
Boone County, Illinois (southwest)
Rock County  (west)
Jefferson County  (northwest)

 Demographics 

 2020 census 
As of the census of 2020, the population was 106,478. The population density was 191.7 people per square mile (74.0 people/km2). There were 53,146 housing units at an average density of 95.7 units per square mile (36.9 units/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 85.4% White, 1.1% Black or African American, 1.0% Asian, 0.4% Native American, 4.6% from other races, and 7.4% from two or more races. Ethnically, the population was 11.8% Hispanic or Latino of any race.

 2000 census 
At the 2000 census there were 93,759 people, 34,522 households, and 23,267 families in the county. The population density was 169 people per square mile (65 people/km2). There were 43,783 housing units at an average density of 79 units per square mile (31 units/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.49% White, 0.84% Black or African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.65% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 2.62% from other races, and 1.14% from two or more races. 6.54% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 34,522 households 31.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.40% were married couples living together, 8.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.60% were non-families. 24.70% of households were one person and 9.20% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.07.
The age distribution was 24.20% under the age of 18, 13.80% from 18 to 24, 27.60% from 25 to 44, 21.80% from 45 to 64, and 12.70% 65 or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 98.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.20 males.
In 2017, there were 918 births, giving a general fertility rate of 48.8 births per 1000 women aged 15–44, the sixth lowest rate out of all 72 Wisconsin counties.

 Communities 

 Cities 
Burlington (mostly in Racine County)
DelavanElkhorn (county seat)
Lake Geneva
Whitewater (partly in Jefferson County)

 Villages 

 Towns 

 Census-designated places 
Allen's Grove
Como
Delavan Lake
Lake Ivanhoe
Lake Lorraine
Lauderdale Lakes
Lyons
Potter Lake
SpringfieldTurtle Lake

 Unincorporated communities 

 Ghost towns 
Army Lake
Mayhews

 Politics 
Owing to its Yankee heritage, which contrasts with the German-American or Scandinavian-American character of most of Wisconsin, Walworth County was initially a stronghold of the Free Soil Party. It voted for Martin van Buren and John P. Hale in Wisconsin's first two presidential elections, and its opposition to the spread of slavery led to its population voting Republican in subsequent elections, even resisting the appeal of Wisconsin native Robert La Follette when he carried the state in 1924 as a Progressive.Walworth County remains strongly Republican. The only Democrat to carry the county was Woodrow Wilson in 1912, who won 36 percent of the vote. Even with the GOP mortally divided between President William Howard Taft and Theodore Roosevelt, Wilson only won the county by 29 votes. The best Democratic showings since then have been by Lyndon Johnson in 1964 and Barack Obama in 2008, both of whom received around 48 percent. Franklin D. Roosevelt and Bill Clinton are the only other Democrats since Wilson to cross the 40 percent mark, though Joe Biden came very close in 2020.

 Education 
School districts include:K-12:

Secondary:

Big Foot Union High School District
Lake Geneva-Genoa City Union High School DistrictElementary:

Wisconsin School for the Deaf, a state-operated school, is in the county.

 See also 
National Register of Historic Places listings in Walworth County, Wisconsin
Walworth County Fairgrounds

 References 

 Further reading 
History of Walworth County, Wisconsin. Chicago: Western Historical Company, 1882.

 External links 
Walworth County
Walworth County map from the Wisconsin Department of Transportation
Travel Guide for Lake Geneva and Walworth County, WI
Combination Atlas Map, 1873

Mompati Merafhe
Mompati Sebogodi Merafhe (6 June 1936 – 7 January 2015) was a Botswana politician who was Vice-President of Botswana from 2008 to 2012. He was a retired Lieutenant-General and served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1994 to 2008.

 Biography 
Merafhe was born on 6 June in Serowe in 1936. After receiving his secondary education at Moeng College, Merafhe joined the then Bechuanaland Protectorate Police Force in 1960 and gradually rose through the ranks. In 1971 he became the commander of the Police Mobile Unit, becoming the first citizen to occupy such a position. When Botswana formed the Botswana Defense Force (BDF) in 1977, Merafhe was selected by President Sir Seretse Khama as its first commander at the rank of Major-General. He was elevated to Lieutenant-General in 1986.Merafhe was a widely-respected commander of the BDF, working closely with his second-in-command Ian Khama to develop its ability to police the borders, deter poaching of the country's wildlife resources, and to establish an air arm. Due to his success in building up the nascent BDF into an effective and well-respected force, President Quett Masire decided to entice him into politics in 1989. Masire viewed Merafhe as a potential successor, but the former general's continued involvement in factional party infighting meant that he was bypassed for the vice presidency in 1992.Between 1995 and 2002, Merafhe served as a member of the Inter-Parliamentary Human Rights Network and the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group (CMAG).He was first elected to the Central Committee of the Botswana Democratic Party (BDP) in 1991 and remained on the body until ill-health forced his retirement in 2012. After being specially elected in 1989, Merafhe became the Member of Parliament for Mahalapye West in the 1994 election. He was elected for a third time in the October 2004 general election, receiving 5,429 votes against 1,664 for Abigail Mogalakwe of the Botswana National Front (BNF) and 975 for Thomas Ookeditse of the Botswana Congress Party  (BCP). Besides serving as Foreign Minister, he also served a period as Minister of Presidential Affairs and Public Administration.When Ian Khama took office as President on 1 April 2008, he appointed Merafhe as Vice-President. Merafhe was approved as Vice-President by Parliament on the same day, receiving 48 out of 56 votes, with no votes against, two spoiled votes, and six abstentions; he was immediately sworn in. The same day, Khama explained to the BDP caucus that he did not intend for Merafhe to ultimately succeed him as President; he envisioned eventually replacing Merafhe with another Vice-President who would in turn succeed Khama in 2018. Merafhe was not given a ministerial portfolio as Vice-President, although it was suggested that he might be tasked with project implementation across ministries.Merafhe was married and had five children.Following the second round of the Zimbabwean presidential election in June 2008, Merafhe said that the election was flawed and that Zimbabwe should be barred from participation in regional talks. On 22 July 2009, he was appointed to the BDP Central Committee by President Khama; he was one of five individuals appointed to that body by Khama.Merafhe retired on 31 July 2012 and Ponatshego Kedikilwe was sworn in to succeed him as Vice-President on 1 August. He died on the morning of 7 January 2015 at the age of 78 after years of health complications.

 Gallery 

			
			
		

 Awards and honours 
Botswana highest honour dubbed Naledi ya Botswana in 2011.

 References 

 External links 
https://www.un.org/webcast/ga/61/pdfs/botswana-e.pdf

List of The Amazing Race (American TV series) contestants
This is a list of contestants who have appeared on the American television series, The Amazing Race. Contestants, who typically have a pre-existing relationship, form a team and race around the world against other teams to claim a grand prize of 1 million USD. The original American series premiered in 2001. In total, 725 contestants have appeared in the series, with veteran contestants having competed on The Amazing Race 11: All-Stars in 2007, on The Amazing Race 18: Unfinished Business, on The Amazing Race 24: All-Stars and on The Amazing Race 31 (which featured teams of contestants who had previously competed on Big Brother, The Amazing Race and Survivor). The eighth season, The Amazing Race 8: Family Edition, featured 10 teams of four family members, while The Amazing Race 29 featured 22 contestants who were all complete strangers.

Key

  Winners
  Runners-up
  Third place

 Seasons 1–4 (2001–2003) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 5–8 (2004–2005) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 9–11 (2006–2007) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 12–15 (2007–2009) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 16–18 (2010–2011) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 19–21 (2011–2012) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 22–24 (2013–2014) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 25–28 (2014–2016) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 29–32 (2017–2020) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 Seasons 33–present (2022-present) 
This information was accurate at the time of filming.

 References 

2023 swatting of American politicians
Since December 2023, there has been widespread swatting and doxing of prominent figures in American politics, as well as bomb scares and other violent threats made against government buildings. The series of swattings extended into January 2024. As of December 2023, the motivations, and whether they are the product of one or multiple individuals, are unknown.

 Background 
Swatting is a criminal harassment tactic that involves false reporting in order to generate a police response to another person's address. Information in the hoaxes is often obtained through data broker websites, compromised accounts, and leaked databases to obtain, often through legal means, personally identifying information about the individual which can be used for swatting.

 Incidents 
On December 25 (Christmas Day) 2023, the following were swatted: Tommy Tuberville, a Republican senator from Alabama; Marjorie Taylor Greene, a Republican representative from Georgia; Brandon Williams, a Republican representative from New York state; Jack Smith, the independent special counsel overseeing the prosecution of Donald Trump in two federal cases; and Michelle Wu, the Democratic mayor of Boston, Massachusetts.On December 26 in Ohio, the following were swatted: attorney general Dave Yost, state representative Kevin Miller, state senator Andrew Brenner, and former state representative Rick Carfagna. Florida senator Rick Scott was swatted on December 27.On December 29, the following were swatted: Maine Secretary of State Shenna Bellows (the day after she removed Trump from the state's ballots due to his involvement in the January 6 United States Capitol attack); George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley, who defended former President Donald Trump during his two impeachment trials, at his Fairfax, Virginia, home; John Paul Mac Isaac, the computer repairman during the Hunter Biden's laptop controversy, at his Wilmington, Delaware, home.On December 30, the following were swatted: California Lieutenant Governor Eleni Kounalakis, and political philanthropist George Soros at his Southampton, New York home.On New Year's Day 2024, Texas attorney general Ken Paxton and his wife, majority leader of the Texas senate Angela Paxton were swatted when they were not at home. They also allege their home address had been doxed.On January 3, 2024, dozens of state capitols received bomb threats, leading to evacuations of the Connecticut, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, and Montana government buildings.On January 7, 2024, Tanya Chutkan, the judge overseeing the criminal case against Donald Trump for obstructing the 2020 election, was swatted. On January 11, 2024, Arthur Engoron, the judge overseeing the New York civil fraud trial against the Trump Organization, was swatted.

 References 

King Xiao of Yan
King Xiao of Yan (Chinese: 燕孝王, died 255 BC), ancestral name Jī (姬), clan name Yān (燕), personal name unknown, was the seventh king of the state of Yan in Warring States period of Chinese history. He ruled the kingdom between 257 BC until his death in 255 BC.King Xiao was a son of King Wucheng of Yan, he ascended the throne after his father's death. During his reign, Yan started to construct an extensive fortifications to protect against the barbarians. The wall stretched from Shanggu Commandery to Liaodong Commandery.King Xiao died in 255 BC, succeeded by his son Xi.

 See also 
Gojoseon–Yan War

 References 

Bartolomé Abdala
Esteban Bartolomé Abdala (born 2 September 1964) is an Argentine economist and politician. He currently serves as a National Senator for San Luis Province, and since 13 December 2023 he has been Provisional President of the Senate.
An economist by profession, Abdala served as Minister of Tourism of San Luis under Governor Alberto Rodríguez Saá from 2008 to 2009. In 2013, he was elected to a four-year term as a member of the San Luis Chamber of Deputies as part of Federal Commitment, Rodríguez Saá's ruling coalition. He later joined the Republican Proposal (PRO) party and currently leads its San Luis chapter.

 Electoral history 

 References 

Missouri River
The Missouri River is the longest river in the United States. Rising in the eastern Centennial Mountains of the Bitterroot Range of the Rocky Mountains of southwestern Montana, the Missouri flows east and south for 2,341 miles (3,767 km) before entering the Mississippi River north of St. Louis, Missouri. The river drains semi-arid watershed of more than 500,000 square miles (1,300,000 km2), which includes parts of ten U.S. states and two Canadian provinces. Although a tributary of the Mississippi, the Missouri River is slightly longer and carries a comparable volume of water. When combined with the lower Mississippi River, it forms the world's fourth-longest river system.For over 12,000 years, people have depended on the Missouri River and its tributaries as a source of sustenance and transportation. More than ten major groups of Native Americans populated the watershed, most leading a nomadic lifestyle and dependent on enormous bison herds that roamed through the Great Plains. The first Europeans encountered the river in the late seventeenth century, and the region passed through Spanish and French hands before becoming part of the United States through the Louisiana Purchase.
The Missouri River was one of the main routes for the westward expansion of the United States during the 19th century. The growth of the fur trade in the early 19th century laid much of the groundwork as trappers explored the region and blazed trails. Pioneers headed west en masse beginning in the 1830s, first by covered wagon, then by the growing numbers of steamboats that entered service on the river. Conflict between settlers and Native Americans in the watershed led to some of the most longstanding and violent of the American Indian Wars.
During the 20th century, the Missouri River basin was extensively developed for irrigation, flood control, and the generation of hydroelectric power. Fifteen dams impound the main stem of the river, with hundreds more on tributaries. Meanders have been cut off and the river channelized to improve navigation, reducing its length by almost 200 miles (320 km) from pre-development times. Although the lower Missouri valley is now a populous and highly productive agricultural and industrial region, heavy development has taken its toll on wildlife and fish populations as well as water quality.

 Course 
From the Rocky Mountains, three streams rise to form the headwaters of the Missouri River:

The longest source stream begins near Brower's Spring in southwest Montana, 9,100 feet (2,800 m) above sea level on the southeastern slopes of Mount Jefferson in the Centennial Mountains. From there it flows west then north; runs first in Hell Roaring Creek then west into the Red Rock; swings northeast to become the Beaverhead River; and finally joins with the Big Hole to form the Jefferson River.
The Firehole River, which originates in northwest Wyoming at Yellowstone National Park's Madison Lake, joins with the Gibbon River to form the Madison River.
The Gallatin River flows out of Gallatin Lake which is also in Yellowstone National Park.The Missouri River officially starts at the confluence of the Jefferson and Madison in Missouri Headwaters State Park near Three Forks, Montana, and is joined by the Gallatin a mile (1.6 km) downstream. It then passes through Canyon Ferry Lake, a reservoir west of the Big Belt Mountains. Issuing from the mountains near Cascade, the river flows northeast to the city of Great Falls, where it drops over the Great Falls of the Missouri, a series of five substantial waterfalls. It then winds east through a scenic region of canyons and badlands known as the Missouri Breaks, receiving the Marias River from the west then widening into the Fort Peck Lake reservoir a few miles above the confluence with the Musselshell River. Farther on, the river passes through the Fort Peck Dam, and immediately downstream, the Milk River joins from the north.Flowing eastward through the plains of eastern Montana, the Missouri receives the Poplar River from the north before crossing into North Dakota where the Yellowstone River, its greatest tributary by volume, joins from the southwest. At the confluence, the Yellowstone is actually the larger river.
The Missouri then meanders east past Williston and into Lake Sakakawea, the reservoir formed by Garrison Dam. Below the dam the Missouri receives the Knife River from the west and flows south to Bismarck, the capital of North Dakota, where the Heart River joins from the west. It slows into the Lake Oahe reservoir just before the Cannonball River confluence. While it continues south, eventually reaching Oahe Dam in South Dakota, the Grand, Moreau and Cheyenne Rivers all join the Missouri from the west.The Missouri makes a bend to the southeast as it winds through the Great Plains, receiving the Niobrara River and many smaller tributaries from the southwest. It then proceeds to form the boundary of South Dakota and Nebraska and is joined by the James River from the north. At Sioux City the Big Sioux River comes in from the north, after which the Missouri forms the Iowa–Nebraska boundary. It flows south to the city of Omaha where it receives its longest tributary, the Platte River, from the west. Downstream, it begins to define the border between the states of Nebraska and Missouri, then flows between the states of Missouri and Kansas. The Missouri swings east at Kansas City, where the Kansas River enters from the west, and so on into north-central Missouri. To the east of Kansas City, the Missouri receives, on the left side, the Grand River. It passes south of Columbia and receives the Osage and Gasconade Rivers from the south downstream of Jefferson City. The river then rounds the northern side of St. Louis to join the Mississippi River on the border between Missouri and Illinois.

 Watershed 

With a drainage basin spanning 529,350 square miles (1,371,000 km2),
the Missouri River's catchment encompasses nearly one-sixth of the area of the United States or just over five percent of the continent of North America. Comparable to the size of the Canadian province of Quebec, the watershed encompasses most of the central Great Plains, stretching from the Rocky Mountains in the west to the Mississippi River Valley in the east and from the southern extreme of western Canada to the border of the Arkansas River watershed. Compared with the Mississippi River above their confluence, the Missouri is twice as long
and drains an area three times as large.
The Missouri accounts for 45 percent of the annual flow of the Mississippi past St. Louis, and as much as 70 percent in certain droughts.In 1990, the Missouri River watershed was home to about 12 million people. This included the entire population of the U.S. state of Nebraska, parts of the U.S. states of Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wyoming, and small southern portions of the Canadian provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. The watershed's largest city is Denver, Colorado, with a population of more than six hundred thousand. Denver is the main city of the Front Range Urban Corridor whose cities had a combined population of over four million in 2005, making it the largest metropolitan area in the Missouri River basin. Other major population centers – mostly in the watershed's southeastern portion – include Omaha, Nebraska, north of the confluence of the Missouri and Platte Rivers; Kansas City, Missouri – Kansas City, Kansas, at the confluence of the Missouri with the Kansas River; and the St. Louis metropolitan area, south of the Missouri River just below the latter's mouth, on the Mississippi. In contrast, the northwestern part of the watershed is sparsely populated. However, many northwestern cities, such as Billings, Montana, are among the fastest growing in the Missouri basin.With more than 170,000 square miles (440,000 km2) under the plow, the Missouri River watershed includes roughly one-fourth of all the agricultural land in the United States, providing more than a third of the country's wheat, flax, barley, and oats. However, only 11,000 square miles (28,000 km2) of farmland in the basin is irrigated. A further 281,000 square miles (730,000 km2) of the basin is devoted to the raising of livestock, mainly cattle. Forested areas of the watershed, mostly second-growth, total about 43,700 square miles (113,000 km2). Urban areas, on the other hand, comprise less than 13,000 square miles (34,000 km2) of land. Most built-up areas are along the main stem and a few major tributaries, including the Platte and Yellowstone Rivers.
Elevations in the watershed vary widely, ranging from just over 400 feet (120 m) at the Missouri's mouth to the 14,293-foot (4,357 m) summit of Mount Lincoln in central Colorado. The river drops 8,626 feet (2,629 m) from Brower's Spring, the farthest source. Although the plains of the watershed have extremely little local vertical relief, the land rises about 10 feet per mile (1.9 m/km) from east to west. The elevation is less than 500 feet (150 m) at the eastern border of the watershed, but is over 3,000 feet (910 m) above sea level in many places at the base of the Rockies.The Missouri's drainage basin has highly variable weather and rainfall patterns, Overall, the watershed is defined by a continental climate with warm, wet summers and harsh, cold winters. Most of the watershed receives an average of 8 to 10 inches (200 to 250 mm) of precipitation each year. However, the westernmost portions of the basin in the Rockies as well as southeastern regions in Missouri may receive as much as 40 inches (1,000 mm). The vast majority of precipitation occurs in summer in most of the lower and middle basin, although the upper basin is known for short-lived but intense summer thunderstorms such as the one which produced the 1972 Black Hills flood through Rapid City, South Dakota. Winter temperatures in the northern and western portions of the basin typically drop to -20 °F (-29 °C) or lower every winter with extremes as low as −60 °F (−51 °C), while summer highs occasionally exceed 100 °F (38 °C) in all areas except the higher elevations of Montana, Wyoming and Colorado. Extreme maximums have exceeded 115 °F (46 °C) in all the states and provinces in the basin - almost all prior to 1960.As one of the continent's most significant river systems, the Missouri's drainage basin borders on many other major watersheds of the United States and Canada. The Continental Divide, running along the spine of the Rocky Mountains, forms most of the western border of the Missouri watershed. The Clark Fork and Snake River, both part of the Columbia River basin, drain the area west of the Rockies in Montana, Idaho and western Wyoming. The Columbia, Missouri and Colorado River watersheds meet at Three Waters Mountain in Wyoming's Wind River Range. South of there, the Missouri basin is bordered on the west by the drainage of the Green River, a tributary of the Colorado, then on the south by the mainstem of the Colorado. Both the Colorado and Columbia Rivers flow to the Pacific Ocean. However, a large endorheic drainage called the Great Divide Basin exists between the Missouri and Green watersheds in western Wyoming. This area is sometimes counted as part of the Missouri River watershed, even though its waters do not flow to either side of the Continental Divide.To the north, the much lower Laurentian Divide separates the Missouri River watershed from those of the Oldman River, a tributary of the South Saskatchewan River, as well as the Souris, Sheyenne, and smaller tributaries of the Red River of the North. All of these streams are part of Canada's Nelson River drainage basin, which empties into Hudson Bay. There are also several large endorheic basins between the Missouri and Nelson watersheds in southern Alberta and Saskatchewan. The Minnesota and Des Moines Rivers, tributaries of the upper Mississippi, drain most of the area bordering the eastern side of the Missouri River basin. Finally, on the south, the Ozark Mountains and other low divides through central Missouri, Kansas and Colorado separate the Missouri watershed from those of the White River and Arkansas River, also tributaries of the Mississippi River.

 Major tributaries 

Over 95 significant tributaries and hundreds of smaller ones feed the Missouri River, with most of the larger ones coming in as the river draws close to the mouth. Most rivers and streams in the Missouri River basin flow from west to east, following the incline of the Great Plains; however, some eastern tributaries such as the James, Big Sioux and Grand River systems flow from north to south.The Missouri's largest tributaries by runoff are the Yellowstone in Montana and Wyoming, the Platte in Wyoming, Colorado, and Nebraska, and the Kansas–Republican/Smoky Hill and Osage in Kansas and Missouri. Each of these tributaries drains an area greater than 50,000 square miles (130,000 km2) or has an average discharge greater than 5,000 cu ft/s (140 m3/s). The Yellowstone River has the highest discharge, even though the Platte is longer and drains a larger area. In fact, the Yellowstone's flow is about 13,800 cu ft/s (390 m3/s) – accounting for sixteen percent of total runoff in the Missouri basin and nearly double that of the Platte. On the other end of the scale is the tiny Roe River in Montana, which at 201 feet (61 m) long is one of the world's shortest rivers.
The table on the right lists the ten longest tributaries of the Missouri, along with their respective catchment areas and flows. Length is measured to the hydrologic source, regardless of naming convention. The main stem of the Kansas River, for example, is 148 miles (238 km) long. However, including the longest headwaters tributaries, the 453-mile (729 km) Republican River and the 156-mile (251 km) Arikaree River, brings the total length to 749 miles (1,205 km). Similar naming issues are encountered with the Platte River, whose longest tributary, the North Platte River, is more than twice as long as its mainstream.The Missouri's headwaters above Three Forks extend much farther upstream than the main stem. Measured to the farthest source at Brower's Spring, the Jefferson River is 298 miles (480 km) long. Thus measured to its highest headwaters, the Missouri River stretches for 2,639 miles (4,247 km). When combined with the lower Mississippi, the Missouri and its headwaters form part of the fourth-longest river system in the world, at 3,745 miles (6,027 km).

 Discharge 
By discharge, the Missouri is the ninth largest river of the United States, after the Mississippi, St. Lawrence, Ohio, Columbia, Niagara, Yukon, Detroit, and St. Clair. The latter two, however, are sometimes considered part of a strait between Lake Huron and Lake Erie. Among rivers of North America as a whole, the Missouri is thirteenth largest, after the Mississippi, Mackenzie, St. Lawrence, Ohio, Columbia, Niagara, Yukon, Detroit, St. Clair, Fraser, Slave, and Koksoak.As the Missouri drains a predominantly semi-arid region, its discharge is much lower and more variable than other North American rivers of comparable length. Before the construction of dams, the river flooded twice each year – once in the "April Rise" or "Spring Fresh", with the melting of snow on the plains of the watershed, and in the "June Rise", caused by snowmelt and summer rainstorms in the Rocky Mountains. The latter was far more destructive, with the river increasing to over ten times its normal discharge in some years. The Missouri's discharge is affected by over 17,000 reservoirs with an aggregate capacity of some 141 million acre-feet (174 km3). By providing flood control, the reservoirs dramatically reduce peak flows and increase low flows. Evaporation from reservoirs significantly reduces the river's runoff, causing an annual loss of over 3 million acre-feet (3.7 km3) from mainstem reservoirs alone.
The United States Geological Survey operates fifty-one stream gauges along the Missouri River. The river's average discharge at Bismarck, 1,314.5 miles (2,115.5 km) from the mouth, is 21,920 cu ft/s (621 m3/s). This is from a drainage area of 186,400 sq mi (483,000 km2), or 35% of the total river basin. At Kansas City, 366.1 miles (589.2 km) from the mouth, the river's average flow is 55,400 cu ft/s (1,570 m3/s). The river here drains about 484,100 sq mi (1,254,000 km2), representing about 91% of the entire basin.The lowermost gage with a period of record greater than fifty years is at Hermann, Missouri – 97.9 miles (157.6 km) upstream of the mouth of the Missouri – where the average annual flow was 87,520 cu ft/s (2,478 m3/s) from 1897 to 2010. About 522,500 sq mi (1,353,000 km2), or 98.7% of the watershed, lies above Hermann. The highest annual mean was 181,800 cu ft/s (5,150 m3/s) in 1993, and the lowest was 41,690 cu ft/s (1,181 m3/s) in 2006. Extremes of the flow vary even further. The largest discharge ever recorded was over 750,000 cu ft/s (21,000 m3/s) on July 31, 1993, during a historic flood. The lowest, a mere 602 cu ft/s (17.0 m3/s) – caused by the formation of an ice dam – was measured on December 23, 1963.

 Geology 
The Rocky Mountains of southwestern Montana at the headwaters of the Missouri River first rose in the Laramide Orogeny, a mountain-building episode that occurred from around 70 to 45 million years ago (the end of the Mesozoic through the early Cenozoic). This orogeny uplifted Cretaceous rocks along the western side of the Western Interior Seaway, a vast shallow sea that stretched from the Arctic Ocean to the Gulf of Mexico, and deposited the sediments that now underlie much of the drainage basin of the Missouri River.
This Laramide uplift caused the sea to retreat and laid the framework for a vast drainage system of rivers flowing from the Rocky and Appalachian Mountains, the predecessor of the modern-day Mississippi watershed. The Laramide Orogeny is essential to modern Missouri River hydrology, as snow and ice melt from the Rockies provide the majority of the flow in the Missouri and its tributaries.The Missouri and many of its tributaries cross the Great Plains, flowing over or cutting into the Ogallala Group and older mid-Cenozoic sedimentary rocks. The lowest major Cenozoic unit, the White River Formation, was deposited between roughly 35 and 29 million years ago and consists of claystone, sandstone, limestone, and conglomerate. Channel sandstones and finer-grained overbank deposits of the fluvial Arikaree Group were deposited between 29 and 19 million years ago. The Miocene-age Ogallala and the slightly younger Pliocene-age Broadwater Formation deposited atop the Arikaree Group, and are formed from material eroded off of the Rocky Mountains during a time of increased generation of topographic relief; these formations stretch from the Rocky Mountains nearly to the Iowa border and give the Great Plains much of their gentle but persistent eastward tilt, and also constitute a major aquifer.Immediately before the Quaternary Ice Age, the Missouri River was likely split into three segments: an upper portion that drained northwards into Hudson Bay,
and middle and lower sections that flowed eastward down the regional slope.
As the Earth plunged into the Ice Age, a pre-Illinoian (or possibly the Illinoian) glaciation diverted the Missouri River southeastward toward its present confluence with the Mississippi and caused it to integrate into a single river system that cuts across the regional slope. In western Montana, the Missouri River is thought to have once flowed north then east around the Bear Paw Mountains. Sapphires are found in some spots along the river in western Montana. Advances of the continental ice sheets diverted the river and its tributaries, causing them to pool up into large temporary lakes such as Glacial Lakes Great Falls, Musselshell and others. As the lakes rose, the water in them often spilled across adjacent local drainage divides, creating now-abandoned channels and coulees including the Shonkin Sag, 100 miles (160 km) long. When the glaciers retreated, the Missouri flowed in a new course along the south side of the Bearpaws, and the lower part of the Milk River tributary took over the original main channel.The Missouri's nickname, the "Big Muddy", was inspired by its enormous loads of sediment or silt – some of the largest of any North American river. In its pre-development state, the river transported some 175 to 320 million short tons (159 to 290 million metric tons) per year. The construction of dams and levees has drastically reduced this to 20 to 25 million short tons (18 to 23 million metric tons) in the present day. Much of this sediment is derived from the river's floodplain, also called the meander belt; every time the river changed course, it would erode tons of soil and rocks from its banks. However, damming and channeling the river has kept it from reaching its natural sediment sources along most of its course. Reservoirs along the Missouri trap roughly 36.4 million short tons (33.0 million metric tons) of sediment each year. Despite this, the river still transports more than half the total silt that empties into the Gulf of Mexico; the Mississippi River Delta, formed by sediment deposits at the mouth of the Mississippi, constitutes a majority of sediments carried by the Missouri.

 First people 

Archaeological evidence, especially in Missouri, suggests that human beings first inhabited the watershed of the Missouri River between 10,000 and 12,000 years ago at the end of the Pleistocene. During the end of the last glacial period, large migration of humans were taking place, such as those via the Bering land bridge between the Americas and Eurasia. Over centuries, the Missouri River formed one of these main migration paths. Most migratory groups that passed through the area eventually settled in the Ohio Valley and the lower Mississippi River Valley, but many, including the Mound builders, stayed along the Missouri, becoming the ancestors of the later Indigenous peoples of the Great Plains.
Indigenous peoples of North America who have lived along the Missouri have historically had access to ample food, water, and shelter. Many migratory animals naturally inhabit the plains area. Before they were hunted by colonists and Native Americans, these animals, such as the buffalo, provided meat, clothing, and other everyday items; there were also great riparian areas in the river's floodplain that provided habitat for herbs and other staple foods. No written records from the tribes and peoples of the pre-European contact period exist because they did not yet use writing. According to the writings of early colonists, some of the major tribes along the Missouri River included the Otoe, Missouria, Omaha, Ponca, Brulé, Lakota, Arikara, Hidatsa, Mandan, Assiniboine, Gros Ventres and Blackfeet.In this pre-colonial and early-colonial era, the Missouri river was used as a path of trade and transport, and the river and its tributaries often formed territorial boundaries. Most of the Indigenous peoples in the region at that time had semi-nomadic cultures, with many tribes maintaining different summer and winter camps. However, the center of Native American wealth and trade lay along the Missouri River in the Dakotas region on its great bend south. A large cluster of walled Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara villages situated on bluffs and islands of the river was home to thousands, and later served as a market and trading post used by early French and British explorers and fur traders. Following the introduction of horses to Missouri River tribes, possibly from feral European-introduced populations, Natives' way of life changed dramatically. The use of the horse allowed them to travel greater distances, and thus facilitated hunting, communications and trade.Once, tens of millions of American bison (commonly called buffalo), one of the keystone species of the Great Plains and the Ohio Valley, roamed the plains of the Missouri River basin. Most Native American nations in the basin relied heavily on the bison as a food source, and their hides and bones served to create other household items. In time, the species came to benefit from the indigenous peoples' periodic controlled burnings of the grasslands surrounding the Missouri to clear out old and dead growth. The large bison population of the region gave rise to the term great bison belt, an area of rich annual grasslands that extended from Alaska to Mexico along the eastern flank of the Continental Divide. However, after the arrival of Europeans in North America, both the bison and the Native Americans saw a rapid decline in population. Massive over-hunting for sport by colonists eliminated bison populations east of the Mississippi River by 1833 and reduced the numbers in the Missouri basin to a mere few hundred. Foreign diseases brought by settlers, such as smallpox, raged across the land, decimating Native American populations. Left without their primary source of sustenance, many of the remaining indigenous people were forced onto resettlement areas and reservations, often at gunpoint.

 Early European explorers 
In May 1673, the French-Canadian explorer Louis Jolliet and the French explorer Jacques Marquette left the settlement of St. Ignace on Lake Huron and traveled down the Wisconsin and Mississippi Rivers, aiming to reach the Pacific Ocean. In late June, Jolliet and Marquette became the first documented European discoverers of the Missouri River, which according to their journals was in full flood. "I never saw anything more terrific," Jolliet wrote, "a tangle of entire trees from the mouth of the Pekistanoui [Missouri] with such impetuosity that one could not attempt to cross it without great danger. The commotion was such that the water was made muddy by it and could not clear itself." They recorded Pekitanoui or Pekistanoui as the local name for the Missouri. However, the party never explored the Missouri beyond its mouth, nor did they linger in the area. In addition, they later learned that the Mississippi drained into the Gulf of Mexico and not the Pacific as they had originally presumed; the expedition turned back about 440 miles (710 km) short of the Gulf at the confluence of the Arkansas River with the Mississippi.In 1682, France expanded its territorial claims in North America to include land on the western side of the Mississippi River, which included the lower portion of the Missouri. However, the Missouri itself remained formally unexplored until Étienne de Veniard, Sieur de Bourgmont commanded an expedition in 1714 that reached at least as far as the mouth of the Platte River. It is unclear exactly how far Bourgmont traveled beyond there; he described the blond-haired Mandans in his journals, so it is likely he reached as far as their villages in present-day North Dakota. Later that year, Bourgmont published The Route To Be Taken To Ascend The Missouri River, the first known document to use the name "Missouri River"; many of the names he gave to tributaries, mostly from the native tribes that lived along them, are still in use today. The expedition's discoveries eventually found their way to cartographer Guillaume Delisle, who used the information to create a map of the lower Missouri. In 1718, Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne, Sieur de Bienville requested that the French government bestow upon Bourgmont the Cross of St. Louis because of his "outstanding service to France".Bourgmont had in fact been in trouble with the French colonial authorities since 1706, when he deserted his post as commandant of Fort Detroit after poorly handling an attack by the Ottawa that resulted in thirty-one deaths. However, his reputation was enhanced in 1720 when the Pawnee – who had earlier been befriended by Bourgmont – massacred the Spanish Villasur expedition near present-day Columbus, Nebraska, on the Missouri River, temporarily ending Spanish encroachment on French Louisiana.Bourgmont established Fort Orleans, the first European settlement of any kind on the Missouri River, near present-day Brunswick, Missouri, in 1723. The following year Bourgmont led an expedition to enlist Comanche support against the Spanish, who continued to show interest in taking over the Missouri. In 1725 Bourgmont brought the chiefs of several Missouri River tribes to visit France. There he was raised to the rank of nobility and did not accompany the chiefs back to North America. Fort Orleans was either abandoned or its small contingent massacred by Native Americans in 1726.The French and Indian War erupted when territorial disputes between France and Great Britain in North America reached a head in 1754. By 1763, France's army in North America had been defeated by a combined British-American force and was forced to sue for peace. In the Treaty of Paris, France ceded its Canadian possessions to the British, gaining Louisiana from the Spanish in return.
Initially, the Spanish did not extensively explore the Missouri and let French traders continue their activities under license. However, this ended after news of incursions by trappers working for the Hudson's Bay Company in the upper Missouri River watershed was brought back following an expedition by Jacques D'Eglise in the early 1790s. In 1795 the Spanish chartered the Company of Discoverers and Explorers of the Missouri, popularly referred to as the "Missouri Company", and offered a reward for the first person to reach the Pacific Ocean via the Missouri. In 1794 and 1795 expeditions led by Jean-Baptiste Truteau and Antoine Simon Lecuyer de la Jonchšre did not even make it as far north as the Mandan villages in central North Dakota.Arguably the most successful of the Missouri Company expeditions was that of James MacKay and John Evans. The two set out along the Missouri, and established Fort Charles about 20 miles (32 km) south of present-day Sioux City as a winter camp in 1795. At the Mandan villages in North Dakota, they forcefully expelled several British traders, and while talking to the populace they pinpointed the location of the Yellowstone River, which was called Roche Jaune ("Yellow Rock") by the French. Although MacKay and Evans failed to accomplish their original goal of reaching the Pacific, they did create the first accurate map of the upper Missouri River.In 1795, the young United States and Spain signed Pinckney's Treaty, which recognized American rights to navigate the Mississippi River and store goods for export in New Orleans. Three years later, Spain revoked the treaty and in 1800 secretly returned Louisiana to Napoleonic France in the Third Treaty of San Ildefonso. This transfer was so secret that the Spanish continued to administer the territory. In 1801, Spain restored rights to use the Mississippi and New Orleans to the United States.
Fearing that the cutoffs could occur again, President Thomas Jefferson proposed to buy the port of New Orleans from France for $10 million. Instead, faced with a debt crisis, Napoleon offered to sell the entirety of Louisiana, including the Missouri River, for $15 million – amounting to less than 3¢ per acre. The deal was signed in 1803, doubling the size of the United States with the acquisition of the Louisiana Territory.
In 1803, Jefferson instructed Meriwether Lewis to explore the Missouri and search for a water route to the Pacific Ocean. By then, it had been discovered that the Columbia River system, which drains into the Pacific, had a similar latitude as the headwaters of the Missouri River, and it was widely believed that a connection or short portage existed between the two. However, Spain balked at the takeover, citing that they had never formally returned Louisiana to the French. Spanish authorities warned Lewis not to take the journey and forbade him from seeing the MacKay and Evans map of the Missouri, although Lewis eventually managed to gain access to it.Meriwether Lewis and William Clark began their famed expedition in 1804 with a party of thirty-three people in three boats. Although they became the first Europeans to travel the entire length of the Missouri and reach the Pacific Ocean via the Columbia, they found no trace of the Northwest Passage. The maps made by Lewis and Clark, especially those of the Pacific Northwest region, provided a foundation for future explorers and emigrants. They also negotiated relations with numerous Native American tribes and wrote extensive reports on the climate, ecology and geology of the region. Many present-day names of geographic features in the upper Missouri basin originated from their expedition.

 American frontier 

 Fur trade 
As early as the 18th century, fur trappers entered the extreme northern basin of the Missouri River in the hopes of finding populations of beaver and river otter, the sale of whose pelts drove the thriving North American fur trade. They came from many different places – some from the Canadian fur corporations at Hudson Bay, some from the Pacific Northwest (see also: Maritime fur trade), and some from the midwestern United States. Most did not stay in the area for long, as they failed to find significant resources.The first glowing reports of country rich with thousands of game animals came in 1806 when Meriwether Lewis and William Clark returned from their two-year expedition. Their journals described lands amply stocked with thousands of buffalo, beaver, and river otter; and also an abundant population of sea otters on the Pacific Northwest coast. In 1807, explorer Manuel Lisa organized an expedition which would lead to the explosive growth of the fur trade in the upper Missouri River country. Lisa and his crew traveled up the Missouri and Yellowstone Rivers, trading manufactured items in return for furs from local Native American tribes, and established a fort at the confluence of the Yellowstone and a tributary, the Bighorn, in southern Montana. Although the business started small, it quickly grew into a thriving trade.Lisa's men started construction of Fort Raymond, which sat on a bluff overlooking the confluence of the Yellowstone and Bighorn, in the fall of 1807. The fort would serve primarily as a trading post for bartering with the Native Americans for furs. This method was unlike that of the Pacific Northwest fur trade, which involved trappers hired by the various fur enterprises, namely Hudson's Bay. Fort Raymond was later replaced by Fort Lisa at the confluence of the Missouri and Yellowstone in North Dakota; a second fort also called Fort Lisa was built downstream on the Missouri River in Nebraska. In 1809 the St. Louis Missouri Fur Company was founded by Lisa in conjunction with William Clark and Pierre Choteau, among others. In 1828, the American Fur Company founded Fort Union at the confluence of the Missouri and Yellowstone Rivers. Fort Union gradually became the main headquarters for the fur trade in the upper Missouri basin.
Fur trapping activities in the early 19th century encompassed nearly all of the Rocky Mountains on both the eastern and western slopes. Trappers of the Hudson's Bay Company, St. Louis Missouri Fur Company, American Fur Company, Rocky Mountain Fur Company, North West Company and other outfits worked thousands of streams in the Missouri watershed as well as the neighboring Columbia, Colorado, Arkansas, and Saskatchewan river systems. During this period, the trappers, also called mountain men, blazed trails through the wilderness that would later form the paths pioneers and settlers would travel by into the West. Transport of the thousands of beaver pelts required ships, providing one of the first large motives for river transport on the Missouri to start.As the 1830s drew to a close, the fur industry slowly began to die as silk replaced beaver fur as a desirable clothing item. By this time, also, the beaver population of streams in the Rocky Mountains had been decimated by intense hunting. Furthermore, frequent Native American attacks on trading posts made it dangerous for employees of the fur companies. In some regions, the industry continued well into the 1840s, but in others such as the Platte River valley, declines of the beaver population contributed to an earlier demise. The fur trade finally disappeared in the Great Plains around 1850, with the primary center of industry shifting to the Mississippi Valley and central Canada. Despite the demise of the once-prosperous trade, however, its legacy led to the opening of the American West and a flood of settlers, farmers, ranchers, adventurers, hopefuls, financially bereft, and entrepreneurs took their place.

 Settlers and pioneers 

The river roughly defined the American frontier in the 19th century, particularly downstream from Kansas City, where it takes a sharp eastern turn into the heart of the state of Missouri, an area known as the Boonslick. As first area settled by Europeans along the river it was largely populated by slave-owning southerners following the Boone's Lick Road. The major trails for the opening of the American West all have their starting points on the river, including the California, Mormon, Oregon, and Santa Fe trails. The first westward leg of the Pony Express was a ferry across the Missouri at St. Joseph, Missouri. Similarly, most emigrants arrived at the eastern terminus of the First transcontinental railroad via a ferry ride across the Missouri between Council Bluffs, Iowa, and Omaha. The Hannibal Bridge became the first bridge to cross the Missouri River in 1869, and its location was a major reason why Kansas City became the largest city on the river upstream from its mouth at St. Louis.True to the then-ideal of Manifest Destiny, over 500,000 people set out from the river town of Independence, Missouri, to their various destinations in the American West from the 1830s to the 1860s. These people had many reasons to embark on this strenuous year-long journey – economic crisis, and later gold strikes including the California Gold Rush, for example. For most, the route took them up the Missouri to Omaha, Nebraska, where they would set out along the Platte River, which flows from the Rocky Mountains in Wyoming and Colorado eastward through the Great Plains. An early expedition led by Robert Stuart from 1812 to 1813 proved the Platte impossible to navigate by the dugout canoes they used, let alone the large sidewheelers and sternwheelers that would later ply the Missouri in increasing numbers. One explorer remarked that the Platte was "too thick to drink, too thin to plow". Nevertheless, the Platte provided an abundant and reliable source of water for the pioneers as they headed west. Covered wagons, popularly referred to as prairie schooners, provided the primary means of transport until the beginning of regular boat service on the river in the 1850s.During the 1860s, gold strikes in Montana, Colorado, Wyoming, and northern Utah attracted another wave of hopefuls to the region. Although some freight was hauled overland, most transport to and from the gold fields was done through the Missouri and Kansas Rivers, as well as the Snake River in western Wyoming and the Bear River in Utah, Idaho, and Wyoming. It is estimated that of the passengers and freight hauled from the Midwest to Montana, over 80 percent were transported by boat, a journey that took 150 days in the upstream direction. A route more directly west into Colorado lay along the Kansas River and its tributary the Republican River as well as pair of smaller Colorado streams, Big Sandy Creek and the South Platte River, to near Denver. The gold rushes precipitated the decline of the Bozeman Trail as a popular emigration route, as it passed through land held by often-hostile Native Americans. Safer paths were blazed to the Great Salt Lake near Corinne, Utah, during the gold rush period, which led to the large-scale settlement of the Rocky Mountains region and eastern Great Basin.
As settlers expanded their holdings into the Great Plains, they ran into land conflicts with Native American tribes. This resulted in frequent raids, massacres and armed conflicts, leading to the federal government creating multiple treaties with the Plains tribes, which generally involved establishing borders and reserving lands for the indigenous. As with many other treaties between the U.S. and Native Americans, they were soon broken, leading to huge wars. Over 1,000 battles, big and small, were fought between the U.S. military and Native Americans before the tribes were forced out of their land onto reservations.Conflicts between natives and settlers over the opening of the Bozeman Trail in the Dakotas, Wyoming and Montana led to Red Cloud's War, in which the Lakota and Cheyenne fought against the U.S. Army. The fighting resulted in a complete Native American victory. In 1868, the Treaty of Fort Laramie was signed, which "guaranteed" the use of the Black Hills, Powder River Country and other regions surrounding the northern Missouri River to Native Americans without white intervention. The Missouri River was also a significant landmark as it divides northeastern Kansas from western Missouri; pro-slavery forces from Missouri would cross the river into Kansas and spark mayhem during Bleeding Kansas, leading to continued tension and hostility even today between Kansas and Missouri. Another significant military engagement on the Missouri River during this period was the 1861 Battle of Boonville, which did not affect Native Americans but rather was a turning point in the American Civil War that allowed the Union to seize control of transport on the river, discouraging the state of Missouri from joining the Confederacy.However, the peace and freedom of the Native Americans did not last for long. The Great Sioux War of 1876–77 was sparked when American miners discovered gold in the Black Hills of western South Dakota and eastern Wyoming. These lands were originally set aside for Native American use by the Treaty of Fort Laramie. When the settlers intruded onto the lands, they were attacked by Native Americans. U.S. troops were sent to the area to protect the miners, and drive out the natives from the new settlements. During this bloody period, both the Native Americans and the U.S. military won victories in major battles, resulting in the loss of nearly a thousand lives. The war eventually ended in an American victory, and the Black Hills were opened to settlement. Native Americans of that region were relocated to reservations in Wyoming and southeastern Montana.

 Dam-building era 

In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, a great number of dams were built along the course of the Missouri, transforming 35 percent of the river into a chain of reservoirs. River development was stimulated by a variety of factors, first by growing demand for electricity in the rural northwestern parts of the basin, and by floods and droughts that plagued rapidly growing agricultural and urban areas along the lower Missouri River. Small, privately owned hydroelectric projects have existed since the 1890s, but the large flood-control and storage dams that characterize the middle reaches of the river today were not constructed until the 1950s.Between 1890 and 1940, five dams were built in the vicinity of Great Falls to generate power from the Great Falls of the Missouri, a chain of giant waterfalls formed by the river in its path through western Montana. Black Eagle Dam, built in 1891 on Black Eagle Falls, was the first dam of the Missouri. Replaced in 1926 with a more modern structure, the dam was little more than a small weir atop Black Eagle Falls, diverting part of the Missouri's flow into the Black Eagle power plant. The largest of the five dams, Ryan Dam, was built in 1913. The dam lies directly above the 87-foot (27 m) Big Falls, the largest waterfall of the Missouri.
In the same period, several private establishments – most notably the Montana Power Company – began to develop the Missouri River above Great Falls and below Helena for power generation. A small run-of-the river structure completed in 1898 near the present site of Canyon Ferry Dam became the second dam built on the Missouri. This rock-filled timber crib dam generated seven and a half megawatts of electricity for Helena and the surrounding countryside. The nearby steel Hauser Dam was finished in 1907, but failed in 1908 because of structural deficiencies, causing catastrophic flooding all the way downstream past Craig. At Great Falls, a section of the Black Eagle Dam was dynamited to save nearby factories from inundation. Hauser was rebuilt in 1910 as a concrete gravity structure, and stands to this day.Holter Dam, about 45 miles (72 km) downstream of Helena, was the third hydroelectric dam built on this stretch of the Missouri River. When completed in 1918 by the Montana Power Company and the United Missouri River Power Company, its reservoir flooded the Gates of the Mountains, a limestone canyon which Meriwether Lewis described as "the most remarkable clifts that we have yet seen ... the tow[er]ing and projecting rocks in many places seem ready to tumble on us." In 1949, the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation (USBR) began construction on the modern Canyon Ferry Dam to provide flood control to the Great Falls area. By 1954, the rising waters of Canyon Ferry Lake submerged the old 1898 dam, whose powerhouse still stands underwater about 1+1⁄2 miles (2.4 km) upstream of the present-day dam.

[ The Missouri's temperament was as ] "uncertain as the actions of a jury or the state of a woman's mind".

The Missouri basin suffered a series of catastrophic floods around the turn of the 20th century, most notably in 1844, 1881, and 1926–1927. In 1940, as part of the Great Depression-era New Deal, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) completed Fort Peck Dam in Montana. Construction of this massive public works project provided jobs for more than 50,000 laborers during the Depression and was a major step in providing flood control to the lower half of the Missouri River. However, Fort Peck only controls runoff from 11 percent of the Missouri River watershed, and had little effect on a severe snowmelt flood that struck the lower basin three years later. This event was particularly destructive as it submerged manufacturing plants in Omaha and Kansas City, greatly delaying shipments of military supplies in World War II.
Flooding damages on the Mississippi–Missouri river system were one of the primary reasons for which Congress passed the Flood Control Act of 1944, opening the way for the USACE to develop the Missouri on a massive scale. The 1944 act authorized the Pick–Sloan Missouri Basin Program (Pick–Sloan Plan), which was a composite of two widely varying proposals. The Pick plan, with an emphasis on flood control and hydroelectric power, called for the construction of large storage dams along the main stem of the Missouri. The Sloan plan, which stressed the development of local irrigation, included provisions for roughly 85 smaller dams on tributaries.In the early stages of Pick–Sloan development, tentative plans were made to build a low dam on the Missouri at Riverdale, North Dakota, and 27 smaller dams on the Yellowstone River and its tributaries. This was met with controversy from inhabitants of the Yellowstone basin, and eventually the USBR proposed a solution: to greatly increase the size of the proposed dam at Riverdale – today's Garrison Dam, thus replacing the storage that would have been provided by the Yellowstone dams. Because of this decision, the Yellowstone is now the longest free-flowing river in the contiguous United States. In the 1950s, construction commenced on the five mainstem dams – Garrison, Oahe, Big Bend, Fort Randall, and Gavins Point – proposed under the Pick-Sloan Plan. Along with Fort Peck, which was integrated as a unit of the Pick-Sloan Plan in the 1940s, these dams now form the Missouri River Mainstem System.The flooding of lands along the Missouri River heavily impacted Native American groups whose reservations included fertile bottomlands and floodplains, especially in the arid Dakotas where it was some of the only good farmland they had. These consequences were pronounced in North Dakota's Fort Berthold Indian Reservation, where 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of land was taken by the construction of Garrison Dam. The Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara / Sanish tribes sued the federal government on the basis of the 1851 Treaty of Fort Laramie which provided that reservation land could not be taken without the consent of both the tribes and Congress. After a lengthy legal battle the tribes were coerced in 1947 to accept a $5.1 million ($55 million today) settlement for the land, just $33 per acre. In 1949 this was increased to $12.6 million. The tribes were even denied the right to use the reservoir shore "for grazing, hunting, fishing, and other purposes".
The six dams of the Mainstem System, chiefly Fort Peck, Garrison, and Oahe, are among the largest dams in the world by volume; their sprawling reservoirs also rank among the biggest of the nation. Holding up to 74.1 million acre-feet (91.4 km3) in total, the six reservoirs can store more than three years' worth of the river's flow as measured below Gavins Point, the lowermost dam. This capacity makes it the largest reservoir system in the United States and one of the largest in North America. In addition to storing irrigation water, the system also includes an annual flood-control reservation of 16.3 million acre-feet (20.1 km3). Mainstem power plants generate about 9.3 billion KWh annually – equal to a constant output of almost 1,100 megawatts. Along with nearly 100 smaller dams on tributaries, namely the Bighorn, Platte, Kansas, and Osage Rivers, the system provides irrigation water to nearly 7,500 sq mi (19,000 km2) of land.
The table at left lists statistics of all fifteen dams on the Missouri River, ordered downstream. Many of the run-of-the-river dams on the Missouri (marked in yellow) form very small impoundments which may or may not have been given names; those unnamed are left blank.  All dams are on the upper half of the river above Sioux City; the lower river is uninterrupted due to its longstanding use as a shipping channel.

 Navigation 

[ Missouri River shipping ] "never achieved its expectations. Even under the very best of circumstances, it was never a huge industry".

Boat travel on the Missouri began with the wood-framed canoes and bull boats that Native Americans used for thousands of years before the colonization of the Great Plains introduced larger craft to the river. The first steamboat on the Missouri was the Independence, which started running between St. Louis and Keytesville, Missouri, around 1819. By the 1830s, large mail and freight-carrying vessels were running regularly between Kansas City and St. Louis, and many traveled even farther upstream. A handful, such as the Western Engineer and the Yellowstone, could make it up the river as far as eastern Montana.During the early 19th century, at the height of the fur trade, steamboats and keelboats travelled nearly the whole length of the Missouri from Montana's rugged Missouri Breaks to the mouth, carrying beaver and buffalo furs to and from the areas the trappers frequented. This resulted in the development of the Missouri River mackinaw, which specialized in carrying furs. Since these boats could only travel downriver, they were dismantled and sold for lumber upon their arrival at St. Louis.Water transport increased through the 1850s with multiple craft ferrying pioneers, emigrants and miners; many of these runs were from St. Louis or Independence to near Omaha. There, most of these people would set out overland along the large but shallow and unnavigable Platte River, which pioneers described as "a mile wide and an inch deep" and "the most magnificent and useless of rivers". Steamboat navigation peaked in 1858 with over 130 boats operating full-time on the Missouri, with many more smaller vessels. Many of the earlier vessels were built on the Ohio River before being transferred to the Missouri. Side-wheeler steamboats were preferred over the larger sternwheelers used on the Mississippi and Ohio because of their greater maneuverability.
The industry's success, however, did not guarantee safety. In the early decades before man controlled the river's flow, its sketchy rises and falls and its massive amounts of sediment, which prevented a clear view of the bottom, wrecked some 300 vessels. Because of the dangers of navigating the Missouri River, the average ship's lifespan was only about four years. The development of the Transcontinental and Northern Pacific Railroads marked the beginning of the end of steamboat commerce on the Missouri. Outcompeted by trains, the number of boats slowly dwindled, until there was almost nothing left by the 1890s. Transport of agricultural and mining products by barge, however, saw a revival in the early twentieth century.

 Passage to Sioux City 
Since the beginning of the 20th century, the Missouri River has been extensively engineered for water transport purposes, and about 32 percent of the river now flows through artificially straightened channels. In 1912, the USACE was authorized to maintain the Missouri to a depth of six feet (1.8 meters) from the Port of Kansas City to the mouth, a distance of 368 miles (592 km). This was accomplished by constructing levees and wing dams to direct the river's flow into a straight, narrow channel and prevent sedimentation. In 1925, the USACE began a project to widen the river's navigation channel to 200 feet (61 m); two years later, they began dredging a deep-water channel from Kansas City to Sioux City. These modifications have reduced the river's length from some 2,540 miles (4,090 km) in the late 19th century to 2,341 miles (3,767 km) in the present day.
Construction of dams on the Missouri under the Pick-Sloan Plan in the mid-twentieth century was the final step in aiding navigation. The large reservoirs of the Mainstem System help provide a dependable flow to maintain the navigation channel year-round, and are capable of halting most of the river's annual freshets. However, high and low water cycles of the Missouri – notably the protracted early-21st-century drought in the Missouri River basin and historic floods in 1993 and 2011 – are difficult for even the massive Mainstem System reservoirs to control.In 1945, the USACE began the Missouri River Bank Stabilization and Navigation Project, which would permanently increase the river's navigation channel to a width of 300 feet (91 m) and a depth of nine feet (2.7 meters). During work that continues to this day, the 735-mile (1,183 km) navigation channel from Sioux City to St. Louis has been controlled by building rock dikes to direct the river's flow and scour out sediments, sealing and cutting off meanders and side channels, and dredging the riverbed. However, the Missouri has often resisted the efforts of the USACE to control its depth. In 2006, the U.S. Coast Guard stated that commercial barge tows ran aground in the Missouri River because the navigation channel had been severely silted. The USACE was blamed for failing to maintain the channel to the minimum depth.
In 1929, the Missouri River Navigation Commission estimated the amount of goods shipped on the river annually at 15 million tons (13.6 million metric tons), providing widespread consensus for the creation of a navigation channel. However, shipping traffic has since been far lower than expected – shipments of commodities including produce, manufactured items, lumber, and oil averaged only 683,000 tons (616,000 t) per year from 1994 to 2006.By tonnage of transported material, Missouri is by far the largest user of the river accounting for 83 percent of river traffic, while Kansas has 12 percent, Nebraska three percent and Iowa two percent. Almost all of the barge traffic on the Missouri River ships sand and gravel dredged from the lower 500 miles (800 km) of the river; the remaining portion of the shipping channel now sees little to no use by commercial vessels.For navigation purposes, the Missouri River is divided into two main sections. The Upper Missouri River is north of Gavins Point Dam, the last hydroelectric dam of fifteen on the river, just upstream from Sioux City, Iowa. The Lower Missouri River is the 840 miles (1,350 km) of river below Gavins Point until it meets the Mississippi just above St. Louis. The Lower Missouri River has no hydroelectric dams or locks but it has a plethora of wing dams that enable barge traffic by directing the flow of the river into a 200-foot-wide (61 m), 12-foot-deep (3.7 m) channel. These wing dams have been put in place by and are maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and there are no plans to construct any locks to replace these wing dams on the Missouri River.

 Traffic decline 
Tonnage of goods shipped by barges on the Missouri River has seen a serious decline from the 1960s to the present. In the 1960s, the USACE predicted an increase to 12 million short tons (11 Mt) per year by 2000, but instead the opposite has happened. The amount of goods plunged from 3.3 million short tons (3.0 Mt) in 1977 to just 1.3 million short tons (1.2 Mt) in 2000. One of the largest drops has been in agricultural products, especially wheat. Part of the reason is that irrigated land along the Missouri has only been developed to a fraction of its potential. In 2006, barges on the Missouri hauled only 200,000 short tons (180,000 t) of products which is equal to the daily freight traffic on the Mississippi.Drought conditions in the early 21st century and competition from other modes of transport – mainly railroads – are the primary reason for decreasing river traffic on the Missouri. The USACE's failure to consistently maintain the navigation channel has also hampered the industry. Efforts are being made to revive the shipping industry on the Missouri River, because of the efficiency and cheapness of river transport to haul agricultural products, and the overcrowding of alternative transportation routes. Solutions such as expanding the navigation channel and releasing more water from reservoirs during the peak of the navigation season are under consideration.
Drought conditions lifted in 2010, in which about 334,000 short tons (303,000 t) were barged on the Missouri, representing the first significant increase in shipments since 2000. However, flooding in 2011 closed record stretches of the river to boat traffic – "wash[ing] away hopes for a bounce-back year".There are no lock and dams on the lower Missouri River, but there are plenty of wing dams that jettie out into the river and make it harder for barges to navigate. In contrast, the upper Mississippi has 29 locks and dams and averaged 61.3 million tons of cargo annually from 2008 to 2011, and its locks are closed in the winter.

 Ecology 

 Natural history 
Historically, the thousands of square miles that comprised the floodplain of the Missouri River supported a wide range of plant and animal species. Biodiversity generally increased proceeding downstream from the cold, subalpine headwaters in Montana to the temperate, moist climate of Missouri. Today, the river's riparian zone consists primarily of cottonwoods, willows and sycamores, with several other types of trees such as maple and ash. Average tree height generally increases farther from the riverbanks for a limited distance, as land next to the river is vulnerable to soil erosion during floods. Because of its large sediment concentrations, the Missouri does not support many aquatic invertebrates. However, the basin supports about 300 species of birds and 150 species of fish, some of which are endangered such as the pallid sturgeon. The Missouri's aquatic and riparian habitats also support several species of mammals, such as minks, river otters, beavers, muskrats, and raccoons.The World Wide Fund For Nature divides the Missouri River watershed into three freshwater ecoregions: the Upper Missouri, Lower Missouri and Central Prairie. The Upper Missouri, roughly encompassing the area within Montana, Wyoming, southern Alberta and Saskatchewan, and North Dakota, comprises mainly semiarid shrub-steppe grasslands with sparse biodiversity because of Ice Age glaciations. There are no known endemic species within the region. Except for the headwaters in the Rockies, there is little precipitation in this part of the watershed. The Middle Missouri ecoregion, extending through Colorado, southwestern Minnesota, northern Kansas, Nebraska, and parts of Wyoming and Iowa, has greater rainfall and is characterized by temperate forests and grasslands. Plant life is more diverse in the Middle Missouri, which is also home to about twice as many animal species. Finally, the Central Prairie ecoregion is situated on the lower part of the Missouri, encompassing all or parts of Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Arkansas. Despite large seasonal temperature fluctuations, this region has the greatest diversity of plants and animals of the three. Thirteen species of crayfish are endemic to the lower Missouri.

 Human impacts 
Since river commerce and industrial development began in the 1800s, human activity has severely polluted the Missouri and degraded its water quality. Most of the river's floodplain habitat is long gone, replaced by irrigated agricultural land. Development of the floodplain has led to increasing numbers of people and infrastructure within areas at high risk of inundation. Levees have been constructed along more than a third of the river to keep floodwater within the channel, but with the consequences of faster stream velocity and a resulting increase of peak flows in downstream areas. Fertilizer runoff, which causes elevated levels of nitrogen and other nutrients, is a major problem along the Missouri River, especially in Iowa and Missouri. This form of pollution also affects the upper Mississippi, Illinois and Ohio Rivers. Low oxygen levels in rivers and the vast Gulf of Mexico dead zone at the end of the Mississippi Delta are both results of high nutrient concentrations in the Missouri and other tributaries of the Mississippi.
Channelization of the lower Missouri waters has made the river narrower, deeper and less accessible to riparian flora and fauna. Many dams and bank stabilization projects have been built to help convert 300,000 acres (1,200 km2) of Missouri River floodplain to agricultural land. Channel control has reduced the volume of sediment transported downstream by the river and eliminated critical habitat for fish, birds and amphibians. By the early 21st century, declines in populations of native species prompted the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to issue a biological opinion recommending restoration of river habitats for federally endangered bird and fish species.The USACE began work on ecosystem restoration projects along the lower Missouri River in the early 21st century. Because of the low use of the shipping channel in the lower Missouri maintained by the USACE, it is now considered feasible to remove some of the levees, dikes, and wing dams that constrict the river's flow, thus allowing it to naturally restore its banks. By 2001, there were 87,000 acres (350 km2) of riverside floodplain undergoing active restoration.Restoration projects have re-mobilized some of the sediments that had been trapped behind bank stabilization structures, prompting concerns of exacerbated nutrient and sediment pollution locally and downstream in the northern Gulf of Mexico. A 2010 National Research Council report assessed the roles of sediment in the Missouri River, evaluating current habitat restoration strategies and alternative ways to manage sediment. The report found that a better understanding of sediment processes in the Missouri River, including the creation of a "sediment budget" – an accounting of sediment transport, erosion, and deposition volumes for the length of the Missouri River – would provide a foundation for projects to improve water quality standards and protect endangered species.

 National Wild and Scenic River 
Several sections of the Missouri River were added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System from Fort Benton to Robinson Bridge, Gavins Point Dam to Ponca State Park and Fort Randall Dam to Lewis and Clark Lake. A total of 247 miles (398 km) of the river were designated including 64 miles (103 km) of wild river and 26 miles (42 km) of scenic river in Montana. 157 miles (253 km) of the river is listed as recreational under the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.

 Tourism and recreation 
With over 1,500 sq mi (3,900 km2) of open water, the six reservoirs of the Missouri River Mainstem System provide some of the main recreational areas within the basin. Visitation has increased from 10 million visitor-hours in the mid-1960s to over 60 million visitor-hours in 1990. Development of visitor facilities was spurred by the Federal Water Project Recreation Act of 1965, which required the USACE to build and maintain boat ramps, campgrounds and other public facilities along major reservoirs. Recreational use of Missouri River reservoirs is estimated to contribute $85–100 million to the regional economy each year.The Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, some 3,700 miles (6,000 km) long, follows nearly the entire Missouri River from its mouth to its source, retracing the route of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Extending from Wood River, Illinois, in the east, to Astoria, Oregon, in the west, it also follows portions of the Mississippi and Columbia Rivers. The trail, which spans through eleven U.S. states, is maintained by various federal and state government agencies; it passes through some 100 historic sites, notably archaeological locations including the Knife River Indian Villages National Historic Site.Parts of the river itself are designated for recreational or preservational use. The Missouri National Recreational River consists of portions of the Missouri downstream from Fort Randall and Gavins Point Dams that total 98 miles (158 km). These reaches exhibit islands, meanders, sandbars, underwater rocks, riffles, snags, and other once-common features of the lower river that have now disappeared under reservoirs or have been destroyed by channeling. About forty-five steamboat wrecks are scattered along these reaches of the river.Downstream from Great Falls, Montana, about 149 miles (240 km) of the river course through a rugged series of canyons and badlands known as the Missouri Breaks. This part of the river, designated a U.S. National Wild and Scenic River in 1976, flows within the Upper Missouri Breaks National Monument, a 375,000-acre (1,520 km2) preserve comprising steep cliffs, deep gorges, arid plains, badlands, archaeological sites, and whitewater rapids on the Missouri itself. The preserve includes a wide variety of plant and animal life; recreational activities include boating, rafting, hiking and wildlife observation.In north-central Montana, some 1,100,000 acres (4,500 km2) along over 125 miles (201 km) of the Missouri River, centering on Fort Peck Lake, comprise the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge. The wildlife refuge consists of a native northern Great Plains ecosystem that has not been heavily affected by human development, except for the construction of Fort Peck Dam. Although there are few designated trails, the whole preserve is open to hiking and camping.Many U.S. national parks, such as Glacier National Park, Rocky Mountain National Park, Yellowstone National Park and Badlands National Park are, at least partially, in the watershed. Parts of other rivers in the basin are set aside for preservation and recreational use – notably the Niobrara National Scenic River, which is a 76-mile (122 km) protected stretch of the Niobrara River, one of the Missouri's longest tributaries. The Missouri flows through or past many National Historic Landmarks, which include Three Forks of the Missouri, Fort Benton, Montana, Big Hidatsa Village Site, Fort Atkinson, Nebraska and Arrow Rock Historic District.

 See also 

 Notes 

 References 

 Works cited 

 Further reading 
Committee on Missouri River Ecosystem Science, National Research Council (2002). The Missouri River ecosystem: exploring the prospects for recovery. National Academies Press. ISBN 978-0-309-08314-0.
Committee on Missouri River Recovery and Associated Sediment Management Issues, National Research Council (2010). Missouri River Planning: Recognizing and Incorporating Sediment Management. National Academies Press.
Kostyal, K.M.; White, Mel; Walker, Paul Robert; Heacox, Kim (1999). Exploring the Great Rivers of North America. National Geographic Society. ISBN 978-0-7922-7846-7.
McNeese, Tim (2004). The Missouri River. Infobase Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7910-7724-5.

 External links 

"Missouri River". USGS Columbia Environmental Research Center.
"Missouri River Dams and Reservoirs". Google Maps. Interactive Maps and Air photos – via mappingsupport.com.
"Canyon Ferry, Hauser and Holter Dams". helenahistory.org. Missouri River Dams.
"Kansas City District". U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
"Omaha District". U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
 Geographic data related to Missouri River at OpenStreetMap

Franklin v. State
Franklin v. State, 257 So. 2d 21 (Fla. 1971), was a case in which the Florida Supreme Court struck down Florida's sodomy law as being "unconstitutional for vagueness and uncertainty in its language, violating constitutional due process to the defendants."  The court retained the state's prohibition on sodomy by ruling that anal and oral sex could still be prosecuted under the lesser charge of "unnatural and lascivious" conduct, thus reducing the crime from a felony to a misdemeanor.

 Issue 
The case involved two men, Alva Gene Franklin and Stephen F. Joyce, who were arrested for committing a "crime against nature" during the early morning hours in a parked car near the St. Petersburg waterfront.  Police charged them with a felony, punishable by up to 20 years in prison, for violating Florida Statute 800.01, enacted in 1868, which read:

Whoever commits the abominable and detestable crime against nature, either with mankind or with beast, shall be punished by imprisonment in the state prison not exceeding twenty years.
In the case of Delaney v. State, 1966, the high court had previously ruled that although the common law meaning of "crime against nature" referred only to "copulation per anum and not per os," the courts of Florida had for decades already maintained that  F. S. 800.01 included both oral and anal sex, and that the public could easily find out what the statute meant in that regard:
Pointing out that the statute, without further definition, merely prohibits ". . . the abominable and detestable crime against nature, either with mankind or with beast . . . ," the State logically posed the question whether it is easier for the public, or a defendant, to determine the nature of this crime by researching the history of the common law or the case law of this state. Although the opinions of this court are not always the essence of clarity, and never as lucid as we would have them, in this instance those previously rendered on this subject clearly advise all people that in this state the abominable crime against nature includes copulation either by mouth or by anus. These decisions are certainly more readily available and more easily understood than the common law.
We conclude, therefore, that Section 800.01, as previously construed by this court in the cited cases, does prohibit the act charged against this appellant, and did and does afford him, and all others persons, notice that the act complained of was a crime in this state with at least the degree of definiteness required by our constitutions.
However, five years later in the Franklin case, the court explicitly reversed itself on this point.

 Decision 
In its decision, issued on December 17, 1971, the Supreme Court overturned the felony convictions of Franklin and Joyce, which had been upheld on appeal by a district court, and stated:
The renewed attack on the language of this statute for constitutional vagueness and overbreadth is not surprising in view of the guarded wording used in such statutes in 1868 when it was drafted. A very serious question is raised as to whether the statute meets the recognized constitutional test that it inform the average person of common intelligence as to what is prohibited so that he need not speculate as to the statutory meaning. If the language does not meet this test, then it must fall and the matter must be left to legislative correction. . . .
The language in this statute could entrap unsuspecting citizens and subject them to 20-year sentences for which the statute provides. Such a sentence is equal to that for manslaughter and would no doubt be a shocking revelation to persons who do not have an understanding of the meaning of the statute. . . .
The statute, 800.01, is void on its face as unconstitutional for vagueness and uncertainty in its language, violating constitutional due process to the defendants.  We anticipate and recommend legislative study of the subject and, pending further legislation in the matter, society will continue to be protected from this sort of reprehensible act under Section 800.02, Florida Statutes, F.S.A., which provides:  "Unnatural and lascivious act. Whoever commits any unnatural and lascivious act with another person shall be punished by fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding six months.

Under the evidence in this case, the conduct denounced in Section 800.02, Florida Statutes, F.S.A., is a lesser included offense.  Accordingly we must, without any criticism of the able trial jurist who was following the decisions then existing, reverse the two judgments adjudging the defendants of being guilty of a felony and remand the causes to the trial court with directions to enter a judgment of guilty of Section 800.02 which is a misdemeanor, and to impose sentence accordingly. In view of our former decisions, this judgment holding the felony statute void is not retroactive, but prospective only. We recede from prior opinions inconsistent with this holding.
Thus, consensual sodomy was reduced to a misdemeanor, and the lower court was ordered to find Franklin and Joyce guilty of the lesser crime.
Since the Florida Supreme Court ruling let stand convictions made before 1971, in Wainwright v. Stone two inmates convicted under the 1868 statute, Raymond Stone and Eugene Huffman, brought a case of habeas corpus before a federal court, arguing that the Florida statute was unconstitutional.  The U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit agreed, but on November 5, 1973, the United States Supreme Court reversed the appellate court decision and affirmed the men's convictions in accordance with the Florida Supreme Court's right to declare its ruling not retroactively effective.

 Other cases 
In other cases after 1971, the Florida Supreme Court held that the average citizen of the time would be baffled by the meaning of "detestable and abominable crime against nature" (written in 1868) but would clearly understand that the phrase "unnatural and lascivious act" (written in 1917) referred to both anal sex and oral sex, and so allowed Florida police and courts to continue with arrests and convictions for such deeds.  For instance, in Thomas v. State, the court said:

We adhere to recent decisions of this Court holding that the words "unnatural and lascivious" as used in Section 800.02, Florida Statutes, are not void for vagueness and that these words are of such a character that an ordinary citizen can easily determine what character or act is intended.
These cases included, among others:

Morris v. State, 261 So. 2d 563, April 7, 1972
Witherspoon v. State, 278 So. 2d 611, May 30, 1973
State v. Fasano, 284 So. 2d 683, October 17, 1973
Thomas v. State, 326 So. 2d 413, December 3, 1975

 Legislation 
The 1972 Florida Legislature tried but failed to agree on a replacement for the "crimes against nature" statute because legislators could not agree on whether opposite-sex couples should be included in the definition of sodomy or not.  In fact, Dade County senators introduced an amendment to decriminalize all consenting-adult sex, but the proposal was defeated 24-18.  Finally in 1974, the Legislature recodified and retained the "lewd and lascivious" section as a second-degree misdemeanor (punishable by a fine of $500 or up to 60 days in jail), which thereafter functioned as the state's sodomy law, enforceable against both same-sex and opposite sex couples, but primarily used to stigmatize gays and lesbians as criminals whenever the state considered an issue dealing with their civil rights.The United States Supreme Court's 2003 ruling in Lawrence v. Texas struck down all remaining sodomy laws nationwide, including Florida's, as being unconstitutional violations of due process and privacy.  Nonetheless, as of 2013, the law remained part of Florida Statutes.In 1977, following the defeat of a gay-rights ordinance in Miami-Dade County in the face of massive opposition organized by the Save Our Children campaign, Anita Bryant urged the Legislature to reinstate the "crimes against nature" law.  Legislators declined to do so, but instead passed a law forbidding adoption by gays and lesbians which remained in force until overturned as unconstitutional by a Florida appeals court in 2010.

 See also 
Florida Legislative Investigation Committee
Homosexuality and Citizenship in Florida
Lawrence v. Texas
LGBT rights in Florida
Sodomy laws in the United States
Sex-related court cases

 References 

 External links 
Text of Franklin v. State, 257 So. 2d 21 (Fla. 1971) is available from: CourtListener  Google Scholar  Leagle 
Eskridge, William N., Jr.  Dishonorable Passions:  Sodomy Laws in the United States, 1861-2003.  New York:  Viking/Penguin, 2008.  ISBN 0-670-01862-7

1889 women's tennis season
The 1889 Women's tennis season was a tennis circuit composed of 63 national, regional, county, and regular tournaments. The season began in January in Madras, India, and ended in December in Dunedin, New Zealand.

 Summary of season 
From 1888 until 1912 Britain's Lawn Tennis Association (LTA), grew in status and influence to become the de facto international tennis governing body before the proper International Lawn Tennis Federation commenced operations. Despite the United States National Lawn Tennis Association (USNLTA) forming in 1881 a good seven years before the LTA, it was the British body that set laws, settled disputes and organized the increasingly complicated tournament calendar before the International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF) formed in March, 1913.After the formation of the ILTF the world tennis circuit going forward was a highly organised and structured network of national and international tournaments. Most tennis tournaments were usually mixed events for men and women, and the women's international tennis circuit certainly up to 1923 was composed mainly of tournaments on the British and European Circuits. After the USNLTA joined the ILTF this would later change with more and more tournaments being staged globally. Women tennis players on the world circuit up to the open era were funded by their national associations enabling them to travel and take part in international tournaments.1889 sees a slight decrease in the number women's singles events being held as the tennis circuit continues to form. The 1889 women's tennis season began on 8 January with the first Southern India Championships staged at  Madras, India. In May 1889 at the first major event of the year the Irish Championships played at the Fitzwilliam Lawn Tennis Club in Dublin, Ireland. Ireland's Louisa Martin  wins the singles title beating defending champion Blanche Hillyard, she also picks up the ladies doubles event is won patnered with Florence Stanuell. In the mixed doubles Lena Rice and Willoughby Hamilton defeat Blanche Hillyard and Harold Stone. In terms of draw size the South of England Championships was the largest tournament of the year with a draw of 30 across two events.
In mid June 1889 the change in scheduling is continued when the U.S. National Championships are held at the Philadelphia Cricket Club, PA, Bertha Townsend successfully defends her title in the challenge round by defeating Lida Voorhees in straight sets.Later the same month at the third major tournament of the year the Northern Championships played at the Northern Lawn Tennis Club in Manchester, England Lottie Dod successfully defends her title beating Blanche Hillyard in three sets, in the women's doubles final sisters Bertha Steedman and Mary Steedman defeat another sister pairing Ann and Lottie Dod in straight sets, and the All England Mixed Doubles Championship event, is won by Lottie Dod and John Charles Kay who defeat Blanche Hillyard and Ernest Renshaw in the final.In July at the fourth and final major event of the season the 1889 Wimbledon Championships the world's first major tennis tournament, Blanche Bingley takes the title, when she defeats upcoming Irish player Lena Rice in three very close sets to win her third major title. The season ended on 30 December 1889 at the New Zealand Championships, held in Dunedin, New Zealand that was played on grass.

 Season results 
Prior to the creation of the International Lawn Tennis Federation and the establishment of its world championship events in 1913 the Wimbledon Championships, the U.S. National Championships, the Irish Lawn Tennis Championships and the Northern Championships were considered by players and historians as the four most important tennis tournaments to win, and together effectively making an early incarnation of the Grand Slam events we know today.Key

 January 

 February 

 March 

 April 

 May 

 June 

 July 

 August 

 September 

 October 

 November 

 December 

 Tournament winners (singles) 
This is a list of winners by the total number of singles titles won for 1889 major titles in bold:

 Louisa Martin – Bath, Cheltenham, Irish Championships (3)
 May Langrishe – Brighton, Bournemouth, Eastbourne, (3)
 Lottie Dod – Darlington, Northern Championships, (2)
 Ivy Arbuthnot – East Grinstead, Felixstowe, (2)
 E Gordon – Auckland II, Dunedin II, (2)
 Mabel Grant – Hamilton, Pietermaritzburg, (2)
 Ellen M Mayne – Geelong, Sydney, (2)
 E. Malcolm – Keswick, Moffat, (2)
 Lida Voorhees – Livingston, Wissahickon, (2)
 Bertha Townsend – U.S.National Championships, (1)
 Constance Bryan – Cannes, (1)
 R. Orbell – Dunedin, (1)
 Mrs Bruce-Johnston – Pau, (1)
 Mrs. Rowell – Singapore, (1)
 Miss Nicholas – Madras, (1)
  Florence Stanuell – Dublin, (1)
 Lottie Paterson – Edinburgh II, (1)
 May Jacks – London, (1)
 Mary Pick – Waterloo, (1)
 Connie Butler – Edinburgh, (1)
 Miss Pope – Penarth, (1)
 Maud Shackle – Beckenham, (1)
 Maud Watson – Edgbaston, (1)
 Blanche Hillyard – Wimbledon Championships, (1)
 Katherine Grey – Hull, (1)
 Mary Steedman – Chiswick Park, (1)
 Mabel Boulton – Ilkley, (1)
 Helen Jackson – Newcastle, (1)
 Miss Norman – Colchester, (1)
 Katherine Hole – Exmouth, (1)
 Alice Cheese – Darlington, (1)
 Miss Crossley – Sheffield, (1)
 Frances Arrowsmith – Victoria, (1)
 Bertha Steedman – Buxton, (1)
 Beatrice Wood – Nottingham, (1)
 Miss. Moir – St Andrews, (1)
 Edith Gurney – Scarborough, (1)
 Winifred Kersey – Saxmundham, (1)
 G. Crofton – Dublin, (1)
 F. Williams – South Orange, (1)
  Miss Bursk – Lancaster, (1)
 Sarah Allen – Trefriw, (1)
 Bessie Carpenter – Sewickley, (1)
 Charlotte Cooper – Ealing, (1)
 May Carter – Santa Monica, (1)
 Mrs. Chaytor – Singapore II, (1)
 Edith Austin – Dieppe, (1)
 Mev. van de Poll – Scheveningen, (1)
 Mrs Quinnell – Brisbane, (1)
 Nellie A'Beckett – Melbourne, (1)
 M. Sloane – Corowa, (1)

 Statistical summary 

 Singles 
Total Tournaments (63)
Most Titles:  Louisa Martin &  May Langrishe (3)
Most Finals:  Louisa Martin (4)
Most Matches Played:  Blanche Hillyard (16)
Most Matches Won:  Blanche Hillyard (13)
Match Winning %:  Louisa Martin (85.7%) min 14 matches
Most Tournaments Played:  Connie Butler (7)

 References 

 Sources 
Bartlett, Michael and Gillen, Bob. (1981) The Tennis Book, edited by Michael Bartlett and Bob Gillen, Arbor House, New York, ISBN 0-87795-344-9
Collins, Bud. Total Tennis:The Ultimate Tennis Encyclopedia, Sport Classic Books, Toronto, Canada, ISBN 0-9731443-4-3.
Crips, Mark (10 May 2022). In Pursuit of the Slam: My Year Travelling to Tennis's Top Four Tournaments (5 ed.). Manchester: i2.i Publishng. ISBN 9781914933981.
Garcia, Gabriel. "Season: 1889". The Tennis Base. Madrid, Spain: Tennismem SAL.
Hughes, G.P. Dunlop Lawn Tennis Almanack And Tournament Guide, G.P. Hughes.
Lowe, Sir F. Gordon. Lowe's Lawn Tennis Annuals and Compendia, Eyre & Spottiswoode. London, England.
Robertson, Max (1974). The Encyclopedia of Tennis. London: Allen & Unwin. ISBN 9780047960420.
Someren, Janine van (December 2010). "3: The Amateur Tennis Circuit". Women's Sporting Lives: A biographical study of elite amateur tennis players at Wimbledon. A thesis for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy. Southampton, England: University of Southampton Research Repository.
Wallis Myers A. Ayre's Lawn Tennis Almanack And Tournament Guide, London, England.

Jiffy (time)
Jiffy can be an informal term for any unspecified short period, as in "I will be back in a jiffy". From this, it has acquired a number of more precise applications as the name of multiple units of measurement, each used to express or measure very brief durations of time.  First attested in 1780, the word's origin is unclear, though one suggestion is that it was thieves' cant for lightning.
It was common in a number of Scots English dialects and in John Jamieson's Etymological Dictionary of the Scottish Language (1808) it is suggested that it is a corruption of 'gliff' (glimpse) or 'gliffin' (glance)
 (compare: 'in the blink of an eye') and may ultimately derive from Gothic or Teutonic words for 'shine'. ('Gliff' or 'gliss' for 'a transient view' was also found in older English poetry as early as 1738.)

 Beginnings in measurement 
The earliest technical usage for jiffy was defined by Gilbert Newton Lewis (1875–1946). He proposed in 1926 a unit of time called the "jiffy" which was equal to the time it takes light to travel one centimeter in vacuum (approximately 33.3564 picoseconds).
It has since been redefined for different measurements depending on the field of study.

 Uses 

 Electronics 
In electronics, a jiffy is the period of an alternating current power cycle, 1/60 or 1/50 of a second in most mains power supplies.

 Computing 
In computing, a jiffy was originally the time between two ticks of the system timer interrupt. It is not an absolute time interval unit, since its duration depends on the clock interrupt frequency of the particular hardware platform.Many older game consoles (which use televisions as a display device) commonly synchronize the system interrupt timer with the vertical frequency of the local television standard, either 59.94 Hz with NTSC systems, or 50.0 Hz (20 ms) with most PAL systems.1980s 8-bit Commodore computers, such as the PET / VIC-20 / C64, had a jiffy of 1/60 second, which was not dependent on the mains AC or video vertical refresh rate.  A timer in the computer creates the 60 Hz rate, causing an interrupt service routine to be executed every 1/60 second, incrementing a 24-bit jiffy counter, scanning the keyboard, and handling some other housekeeping.Jiffy values for various Linux versions and platforms have typically varied between about 1 ms and 10 ms, with 10 ms (1/100 s) reported as an increasingly common standard in the Jargon File.Stratus VOS (Virtual Operating System) uses a jiffy of 1/65,536 second to express date and time (number of jiffies elapsed since 1 January  1980 00:00 Greenwich Mean Time).  Stratus also defines the microjiffy, being 1/65,536 of a regular jiffy.The term jiffy is sometimes used in computer animation as a method of defining playback rate, with the delay interval between individual frames specified in 1/100 of a second (10 ms) jiffies, particularly in Autodesk Animator .FLI sequences (one global frame frequency setting) and animated Compuserve .GIF images (each frame having an individually defined display time measured in 1/100 s).

 Science 
The speed of light in vacuum provides a convenient universal relationship between distance and time, so in physics (particularly in quantum physics) and often in chemistry, a jiffy is defined as the time taken for light to travel some specified distance. In astrophysics and quantum physics a jiffy is, as defined by Edward R. Harrison, the time it takes for light to travel one fermi, which is approximately the size of a nucleon. One fermi is 10−15 m, so a jiffy is about 3×10−24 s. It has also more informally been defined as "one light-foot", which is equal to approximately one nanosecond.

 See also 
System time
BogoMips – which computes loops_per_jiffy
TU (time unit)
Orders of magnitude (time)

 References 

 External links 

FOLDOC

Jacqueline Felgate
Jacqueline Felgate is an Australian television presenter and radio host. In September 2022, it was announced that she would become the senior host of radio station 3AW’s football coverage. Before that she worked for nearly 10 years as a newsreader at Channel 7.In May of 2023, Felgate was hospitalised after a horse-riding accident.In September 2023, Felgate faced criticism for a lack of disclosure to listeners of her many arrangements with commercial sponsors. A list on the 3AW website was later updated with the names of 15 brands and organisations that have a relationship with her, mainly because of her presence on social media.

 References 

 External links 
Jacqueline Felgate at IMDb

Randall Plunkett, 15th Baron of Dunsany
Randall Edward Plunkett, 15th Baron Dunsany (5 September 1804 – 7 April 1852) was an Anglo-Irish peer and Conservative politician.

 Biography 
Plunkett was the son of Edward Plunkett, 14th Baron Dunsany and his first wife, Hon. Charlotte Louisa Lawless.On 29 June 1835, he was declared elected on petition as the Member of Parliament for Drogheda, after his opponent Andrew O'Dwyer had been deemed ineligible. He represented the seat as a Conservative until 1837. On 11 December 1848, he inherited his father's title, becoming Baron of Dunsany. In 1850 Dunsany was elected as a representative peer for Ireland and took his seat in the House of Lords.On 29 December 1838, he married Elizabeth Evelyn. Dunsany was succeeded in his title by his younger brother, Edward.

 References 

Jerry Bright
Jerry Bright (born July 21, 1947) is an American former sprinter who specialised in the 200-meter dash. He ranked in the top six of that event nationally at the USA Track and Field Championships from 1967 to 1969. He set personal bests of 20.1 seconds for that event in 1968. He also had bests of 9.4 seconds for the 100-yard dash and 10.1 seconds for the 100-meter dash. His sole international medals came at the 1967 Pan American Games, where he was a relay gold medallist with the United States and a silver medallist in the 200 m behind the leading American athlete, John Carlos. Bright was also fourth in the 100 m Pan American final.

 References 
Profile at trackfield.brinkster.net

Ocky Clark
Octavius ("Ocky") Rene Clark is an American competitive runner who won the gold medal in the 800 meter event at the 1991 Pan American Games.

 Early life 
Clark was born on November 14, 1960, in Sanford, Florida and he grew up on his grandparents' farm in Bookertown, named after Booker T. Washington. Clark would interject Booker T. Washington's words of "Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work" into every aspect of his life. He was given the nickname Ocky by one of his favorite aunts. 

 High school 
Clark began competitive running at Sanford Seminole High School as a 3200-meter runner. With times of 4:23.8 in the Mile, 1:57 for the 800 meters and 47 splits on the 4x400 relay he was one of the top runners at his school. After high school Clark attended Ottawa University in Ottawa, Kansas briefly, but then dropped out and joined the Navy on October 9, 1979, in downtown Ottawa, Kansas. After basic training in Great Lakes, Illinois, he was assigned to the USS Enterprise, which was dry docked in Bremerton, Washington. It was in Bremerton where Clark began to study the training methods of Arthur Lydiard. At the Inter-Service championships held at the US Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland Clark clocked 1:51.65 at 800 meters.

 College 
Clark entered Santa Fe Community College in the fall of 1982. He began with the  Cross-Country team but it was clearly on the track where Clark would win two National Junior College indoor 800 meters titles and one outdoor championship. He never lost a National Junior College race. From 1982-84, Clark established the Junior College Indoor and Outdoor National Record. Accomplishing 5 Junior College All-American titles in only two years. Clark would follow one of his coaches, Coach Long to Florida State University, where he became a two time All-American and set school records at 800m 1:46.19, 1500m 3:43.02 that would stand for over 20 years.

 Athletic career 
It was his introduction to Brazilian National Coach Luiz De Oliveira that would catapult his running career to a world class level. Under the tutelage of De Oliveira, he would become the first American to run 1:45 indoors for 800 meters. During the winter of 1989, Ocky would break the indoor American Record for 800m and also establish an indoor American Record for 1000m that would stand for fifteen years. At the height of his running career, he continued to set a personal best of 1:44.83 in Vigo, Spain on July 3, 1991, at the age of 30. 1991, was the year that Clark traveled to Havana, Cuba to represent the United States at the Pan American Games where he won the gold medal at 800 meters which was presented to him by Fidel Castro. In Rome, Italy, during the summer of 1991 Clark also ran 3:39.40 for 1500m. Also that year, he was rewarded by Track & Field News for his outstanding performances with a ninth place World Ranking. From 1985-92 Ocky Clark was one of the most feared and respected Middle Distance runners in America. Never falling out of the top 10 for 800 meters. Three times he qualified and competed at the U.S. Olympic Track and Field Trials in 1984, 1988 and 1992.

 Work in military and education 
Ocky served two tours of duty in Iraq and a tour in Afghanistan. He is a major in the United States Air Force Reserves and is the dean of students at Winter Springs High School. He received his bachelor's degree from Florida State University and his master's degree from National University, San Diego.

 Achievements 

 References 

Profile
Winter Springs High School Bio

Bobby Coffman
Bobby Coffman (born February 17, 1951) is an American former track and field athlete who competed in the decathlon. He set his personal record of 8274 points in Quebec City on August 12, 1979.Coffman competed at two major international events and won gold in both. He first took the decathlon title at the 1979 Pan American Games with a championship record total of 8078 points. The following year he qualified for the 1980 U.S. Olympic team but was unable to compete due to the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott. He did however receive one of 461 Congressional Gold Medals created especially for the spurned athletes. and was the winner of the Olympic boycott games known as the Liberty Bell Classic with a score of 8058 points.At national level he won at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in both 1979 and 1980, having placed fifth earlier in his career in 1975.

 International competitions 

 National titles 
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Decathlon: 1979, 1980

 See also 
List of decathlon national champions (men)

 References 

Marty Cooksey
Martha "Marty" Cooksey (born July 18, 1954) is an American former long-distance runner who competed in events ranging from 5000 meters to the marathon. She achieved her marathon best time of 2:35:42 hours at the American Olympic Trials in 1984.
She had her career peak in 1978, winning marathons in San Diego and Atlanta, as well as the American title with her runner-up finish at the 1978 New York City Marathon. Her times for 15 km, 20 km and half marathon were retrospectively recognised as women's world records for the road distances. Internationally, she competed for the United States at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 1982 and won the gold medal over 10,000 meters at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

 Career 
Raised in Orange County, California, Cooksey attended California State University, Fullerton, but her sporting focus was on basketball and volleyball while she studied there. She began taking part in women's road races in the late 1970s during the time of the running boom in the United States. She won the women's race at the 1978 San Diego Marathon in January with a run of 2:54:06 hours. Following this, she entered the 1978 Avon International Marathon held in Atlanta, Georgia, and was the surprise winner of the event, defeating more established runners such as Kim Merritt and Miki Gorman.That year, Cooksey competed frequently and managed a total of 24 road races. She won the Lilac Bloomsday Run in May. A month later at the Cascade Runoff in Portland, Oregon, she ran a women's world record time of 51:37 minutes for the 15 km. August saw her set another women's best of 1:15:04 hours in the half marathon at the inaugural edition of San Diego's  America's Finest City Half Marathon. She won her first national title at the New York City Marathon, coming second only to Grete Waitz. Although she had led for much of the race at a world record pace, she faded badly after 16 miles and crawled to the finish line, recording a time of 2:41:49 hours. Her fastest marathon run of the year came in December at the Honolulu Marathon, where she was the runner-up in 2:45:42 hours behind Patti Catalano.In 1979 she won the Los Angeles Marathon in a personal record time of 2:43:33 hours and set a world best time of 1:11:24 hours for the 20 km in Far Hills. She won her second ever US Championship race that year, taking the 30 km title in Springdale, Ohio. Cooksey was chosen as the Female Road Runner of the Year for 1979 by the Road Runners Club of America. The year after, she retained her 30 km national title, improved her marathon best to 2:41:01 hours (coming sixth at the London Marathon), and was also fourth at the Honolulu Marathon. Her racing began to be affected by injury from the 1980 season onwards and she only managed a competitive return two years later.Cooksey made her international debut at the 1982 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where she placed 17th and helped the American women's team to fourth in the rankings. She missed the rest of the season due to a repeated stress fracture injury. After she recovered, she came second behind Gabriela Andersen-Schiess at the California International Marathon in Sacramento and her time gained her qualification into the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics Trial. The trial race was highly competitive as it came at a time of a burgeoning women's running scene in the United States and, as well as being on home soil, it was the first time the marathon was to be held for women at the Summer Olympics. Cooksey achieved a significant personal record time of 2:35:42 hours at the trial race in Olympia, Washington, but this was only enough for thirteenth place overall. Injuries yet again spoilt her 1985 and 1986 seasons, although she won the American 5K road title in the latter year.It was not until the 1987 Pittsburgh Marathon that Cooksey competed over the full 42.195 km distance. Despite the long absence from the event, she came fifth and ran a time of 2:36:41 hours – her second fastest ever performance. Although it was her final year of competing at the top level, it was the first in which she won an international medal. At the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis, she was selected to represent the host nation in the 10,000 meters. She retired from her running career in 1988, but continued to participate sporadically and won the Colorado Springs Pike's Peak race at the age of forty-three.

 References 

 External links 
Marty Cooksey at World Athletics

Kenny Brokenburr
Kenneth "Kenny" Brokenburr is a former American sprinter.  He won an Olympic gold medal as part of the 4 × 100 meter relay team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.

 Early life 
Brokenburr was born on October 29, 1968, in Winter Haven, Florida. He grew up there and graduated from Winter Haven High School in 1987. After high school, Brokenburr matriculated to Wayland Baptist College in Plainview, Texas. There, as a sophomore in 1989, he became the NCAA Division II champion in the 200 meter dash. In 1991, this time as a senior for St. Augustine's College in Raleigh, North Carolina, Brokenburr became the NCAA Division II champion in the 100 meter dash.After trying out for the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, Brokenburr took a hiatus from running that lasted from 1993 to 1995.

 Professional career 
In 1996, Brokenburr returned to track and field as a professional runner.  He acted as his own agent, used George Williams as his coach, and was sponsored by Nike.By 1997, Brokenburr reduced his personal best time in the 100 meter dash to 10.04 seconds.  For this, he achieved his first national ranking (#10) among U.S. runners in the 100.  Three years later, in 2000, Brokenburr moved up to #5 among U.S. runners in the 100 meter dash and #7 in the 200 meter dash.  During this time, he set another personal best by running the 200 in 20.04 seconds.On July 15, 2000, while qualifying for the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, Brokenburr finished fifth out of eight runners in the final Olympic trial for the 4 × 100 meter relay. This earned him a spot to run on the U.S. national track and field team for the first time in his career, but he only ran a few trial heats in preparation of the 4 × 100 meter final in that year's Olympics while in Sydney. However, the team that did run finished in first place, and Brokenburr received a gold medal from the team's effort. It was his sole Olympic medal.

 Post-Olympic Career 
Brokenburr currently resides in Auburndale, Florida, a small town adjacent to his hometown of Winter Haven.

 References 

 External links 
Kenny Brokenburr at World Athletics

Dyrol Burleson
Dyrol Jay Burleson (born April 27, 1940) is a retired middle-distance runner from the United States. He attended the University of Oregon, where he ran track under the coach Bill Bowerman. Burleson lettered in track and field in 1960, 1961, and 1962. He won the AAU 1500 m title in 1959, 1961 and 1963, and the NCAA title in the 1500 m in 1960, and in the mile in 1961–62. Burleson was Pan American champion in 1959, and in May 1962 he anchored the Oregon 4×mile relay team that set a new world record.In 2010 Burleson was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.Burleson also is a member of the Cottage Grove High School Hall of Fame and holds the 1500m record in track and field at the high school.

 Accomplishments 
1960 Summer Olympic Games 1500 meters: 3:40.9 (6th place)
1964 Summer Olympic Games 1500 meters: 3:40.0 (5th place)
1960 American Record holder 1500 meters : 3:41.3
1960 American Record holder 1500 meters : 3:40.9
1960 American Record holder 1 Mile : 3:58.6
1961 American Record holder 1 Mile : 3:57.6

 References 

 External links 
Dyrol Burleson at the USATF Hall of Fame
Dyrol Burleson at Olympics.com 
Dyrol Burleson at Olympedia

Wade Bell
Charles Wade Bell (born January 3, 1945) is a former middle distance runner from the United States, who competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 800 m event at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.

 Career 
Wade Bell ran collegiately for the University of Oregon and professionally for Oregon Track Club. In 1968, Bell was a member of Oregon TC's 4x800 meter relay team, which broke the world record in the event at the time, although it was not ratified by the IAAF. Bell was the 17th American man to break 4 minutes in the mile, doing so in 1966.

 Post Professional Career 
Wade Bell remained actively involved in Track and Field. In 1970, Bell began his service as a course clerk at Oregon's Hayward field. Throughout the 1970s, Bell served as president of the Oregon Track Club and directed the Prefontaine classic.

 Personal life 
Wade Bell is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

 References 

Kim Batten
Kim Batten (born March 29, 1969, in McRae, Georgia) is an American former 400 meter hurdles champion. She was the 1995 world record holder in the women's 400-meter hurdles.
She played basketball at East High School in Rochester, New York. Batten graduated from the Florida State University in 1991, the same year she won her first national championship – the U.S. National Championships, the first of six national championships (1991, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998).
Batten is 5 feet 7 inches (1.70 m) tall.
Batten's finest year came in 1995, when she won Gold in the World Athletics Championships breaking the World Record for the 400m Hurdles in a time of 52.61 seconds. Batten also came first in the Pan American Games and first in the national indoor championships.
In 1996 she won silver in the 1996 Olympic Games and in 1997 won bronze in the World Athletics Championships. She was also a member of the 2000 US Olympic track team.
In 1999 an injury to a nerve in her foot caused her to miss most of the season. Batten retired at the end of the 2001 season.
Batten currently resides at Atlanta, GA. She was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 2012.

 Records 
1991 US Outdoor Champion
1994 US Outdoor Champion
1995 US Outdoor Champion
1995 World Champion at Gothenburg, Sweden
1996 Olympic silver medal at Atlanta, Georgia
1996 US Outdoor Champion
1997 US Outdoor Champion
1997 World bronze medal at Athens, Greece
1998 World Cup bronze medal
1998 US Outdoor Champion

 References 

Kim Batten's athletic record at USATF
Kim Batten's athletic statistics at eurosport.yahoo.com

Me'Lisa Barber
Me'Lisa Barber is an American sprinter. After graduating from University of South Carolina, she was the 2005 USA Outdoor Champion in the 100 metres and the 2006 World Indoor Champion in the 60 metres. She was also one of the 2003 World Champions in the 4 × 400 metres relay and one of the 2005 World Champions in the 4 × 100 metres relay.

 Life and career 
Barber grew up in Montclair, New Jersey. Her 4 × 100 metre and 4 × 400 metre high school relays with her twin sister, Miki, at Montclair High School were both honored as All-American.Throughout her collegiate career, Barber won four SEC titles. In 2001, while attending the University of South Carolina, she won a gold medal at the World University Games in the 4 × 400 metres relay as part of Team USA. She was made co-captain of the South Carolina Gamecocks women's track and field team in 2002, when the team won at the NCAA Outdoor Championships. During the championships, she ran in place of her sister in the 400 metres due to her sister's injury. Barber graduated from the University of South Carolina in 2002 with a degree in business and retail management. She won a gold medal in the 4 × 400 meters relay as part of Team USA at the 2003 World Championships in Paris, and competed in the 4 × 100 metres relay with Team USA at the 2005 World Championships in Helsinki. During the 2005 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, she won gold in the 100 metres and placed fourth in the 200 metres.At the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships, she won a gold medal in the 60 metres, running the fastest time of that season at 7.01 seconds. Barber left coach Trevor Graham in 2006 following his involvement in the BALCO scandal. In 2009, Barber ruptured her Achilles tendon after a drunk driver rear-ended her car in Atlanta, Georgia, and stopped competing for several years.Barber runs a line of jewelry called The Honey Collection, a juice company, and a personal training company called Body Code. She and her sister also began doing motivational speaking tours in schools in 2018.

 Public image 
NJ.com selected Barber as one of Montclair High School's four best athletes of all time.

 References 

 External links 
Me'Lisa Barber, USA T&F
Me'Lisa Barber at World Athletics

Valerie Brisco-Hooks
Valerie Ann Brisco-Hooks (born July 6, 1960, in Greenwood, Mississippi) is an Olympian who won three gold medals as an Olympic track and field athlete at the 1984 Olympics at Los Angeles, California, making her the first Olympian to win gold medals in both the 200- and 400-meter races at a single Olympics.

 Career 
Valerie's outstanding high school performance led her to the collegiate level of track and field at California State University, Northridge. She continued to excel, winning the 200-meter title at the Association of Intercollegiate Athletics for Women (AIAW) Championships and earning a spot on the U.S. team for the 1979 Pan American Games, where she helped her 4 × 100-meter relay team win the gold medal.Her 400 metres time of 48.83, set while winning the 1984 Olympics was at the time the Olympic record and still ranks her as the tenth fastest woman of all time.
She also won a gold medal for the 4 × 400 m. Brisco competed in the 1988 Olympic Games, which took place in Seoul, South Korea, running on the American 4x400 meter-relay team, which finished in second place (but below the older record, also), behind the Soviet team that broke the 4x400 meter-relay world record. 
To this date, the American time possesses the second-fastest 4x400 relay of all time, behind only the Soviet winner of that race.
Brisco-Hooks is currently coaching with the Bob Kersee group of athletes and at West Los Angeles College.

 Achievements 
3 x Olympic Games Gold medallist
1 x Olympic Games Silver medallist
1 x World Championships Bronze medallist
5 x Olympic Games finalist
1 x World Championships finalist
1 x Current NACAC Record holder - 4 × 400 m

 Personal Bests 
Event	Result	Wind	Venue	Date
50m individual	6.24		Rosemont (USA)	16.02.1986
100m	10.99	+1.3	Westwood (USA)	17.05.1986
200m	21.81	-0.1	Los Angeles (USA)	09.08.1984
200m indoor	22.83		New York (USA)	22.02.1985
300m	35.47		Seoul (KOR)	26.09.1988
400m	48.83		Los Angeles (USA)	06.08.1984
400m indoor	52.31		Fairfax (USA)	14.02.1988
4 × 400 m	3:15.51		Seoul (KOR)	01.10.1988

 Television guest appearance 
Brisco-Hooks guest-starred as herself in "Off to the Races," an episode from the second season of The Cosby Show. She ran against Cliff Huxtable (Bill Cosby) at the Penn Relays, filling in at the last minute for an injured member of a rival team during a relay race.

 Personal life 
Valerie Brisco-Hooks, who won three gold medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics, gained over 40 pounds during her pregnancy and did not resume training until well after her child was born in 1982. 
Husband: Alvin Hooks (NFL football player, m. 1981), Son: Alvin Hooks, Jr. (b. 1982) & Valerie's nephew, Amar Brisco, was a football cornerback in the 1990s at NCAA UNLV.Valerie Brisco-Hooks with her son Alvin Jr. at the 1984 Olympic trials.
The West Athens Elementary, Locke High School, California State University Northridge Alum was inducted in the United States Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1995. Valerie Brisco-Hooks Sports Foundation Inc is located at 1138 E 71st St Los Angeles, California 90001. She became an advocate for drug-free schools and actively sought out opportunities to interact with students in the classroom to convey her message. She made time in her training and competition schedule because she felt so passionately about making a difference.

It was not until meeting Jackie Joyner Kersee that she changed her work ethic As a young girl she moved with her family from the rural south to the urban Watts neighborhood in Los Angeles. She was inspired to run by her older brothers, Robert and Melvin Brisco. Robert and Melvin were finishing a hard workout at their high school track late one day, when the violence of the neighborhood struck and a stray bullet shot from a gun held by a ninth-grader killed Robert.

 References 

 External links 
SportingHeroes.net article on Valerie Brisco-Hooks
1984 Olympic Women's 200 meters
1984 Olympic Women's 400 meters
Image of Valerie Brisco-Hooks showing her Olympic medals to students at West Athens Elementary school in Los Angeles, California, 1984. Los Angeles Times Photographic Archive (Collection 1429). UCLA Library Special Collections, Charles E. Young Research Library, University of California, Los Angeles.

Iris Davis
Iris LaVerne Davis-Hicks (April 30, 1950 – September 18, 2021) was an American track and field sprinter who specialized in the 100-meter dash. She was the 1971 Pan American Games champion in that event and also won a gold medal in the 4 × 100-meter relay. She represented the United States at the 1972 Munich Olympics and twice narrowly missed out on a medal: first in the 100 m, placing fourth behind Cuba's Silvia Chivás, then in the relay, where Chivás again outsprinted her to bronze on the final leg.Davis was born in an African-American family in Pompano Beach, Florida. Nationally she was a four-time champion: twice in the 100 m (1971, 1973) and twice in the 60-meter dash (1972, 1973). She was runner-up in the 100-yard dash in 1969 and 1970, and also had top three placings in the 100 m at the 1972 Olympic trials and the 1972 outdoor championships.She was a member of the Tigerbelles collegiate team for Tennessee State University, which had a strong history of women's sprinting including double Olympic champion Wyomia Tyus.

 International competitions 

 National titles 
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
100 m: 1971, 1973
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships
60 m: 1972, 1973

 See also 
List of 100 metres national champions (women)

 References 

Gay Bryan
Gaylord Damian "Gay" Bryan (May 1, 1927 – April 25, 2015) was a male long and triple jumper from the United States, who competed in the 1940s and 1950s for his native country. Bryan set his personal best in the men's long jump event (7.74 metres) on April 9, 1949, at a meet in Westwood. He failed to qualify for the Summer Olympics (1948 and 1952) during his career. He won the gold medal in the long jump at the 1951 Pan American Games and was a four-time national champion in the triple jump.
Bryan competed collegiately for Stanford University and is a member of the school's Athletic Hall of Fame.

 Achievements 

 References 

Profile

Josh Culbreath
Joshua Culbreath (September 14, 1932 – July 1, 2021) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 meter hurdles—the national outdoor champion from 1953 to 1955; three-time winner of the event in the Penn Relays in the same years, and Olympic bronze medal winner in 1956, while he was serving in the U.S. Marine Corps; and world record holder in 1957. Culbreath was inducted into the United States Marine Corps Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.

 Early life 
Culbreath was born in Norristown, Pennsylvania, on September 14, 1932.
He began running the hurdles in high school and in 1951 was ranked second in the U.S. in the 200 yard low hurdles and was the Pennsylvania's state high school champion in that event.Culbreath graduated in 1955 with a Bachelor of Arts in political science from Morgan State College, where he was the USA Outdoor champion in the 400m hurdles for three consecutive years—1953, 1954, and 1955. He was also a three-time winner of the event in the Penn Relays during the same years, the last time this has been accomplished.  Culbreath later received a Master of Arts degree in education from Temple University.

 Career 
Culbreath served in the United States Marine Corps from 1956 to 1958.  During his time in the Marine Corps, he competed for the United States in the 1956 Summer Olympics held in Melbourne, Australia in the 400 metre hurdles where he won the bronze medal.  He also won several military and NATO track and field medals. He set the world records in the hurdles in 1956 and 1957—in the 300 yard Oval Grass Track, set in Bendigo, Australia in  1956 and in the 440 yard hurdles, set in Oslo, Norway in 1957.Culbreath became the track and field coach at Central State University in 1988.  He went on to coach his team to ten NAIA championships.  Four of his athletes competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, including the 400m hurdles gold medalist, Deon Hemmings.  After his time coaching at Central State, he became the athletic director at Morehouse College in Atlanta.

 Personal life 
Culbreath had five children: Sandra, Khaliq, Maliq, Jahan and Camille.  Jahan followed in his father's footsteps and became an All-American 400 m hurdler, as well as the coach at Central State.  Khaliq predeceased Culbreath after being hit by a vehicle while cross-country cycling.He made two guest appearances on The Cosby Show, playing the character Colonel Sanford B. "Tailwind" Turner, Cliff Huxtable's college track rival.Culbreath died on July 1, 2021, under hospice care in Cincinnati, Ohio.  He was 88, and suffered a period of declining health prior to his death.

 See also 
 Biography portal
Edwin Moses, 1976 and 1984 American 400m hurdles Olympic gold medalist

 References 

 External links 
John Dominis (photographer). "Summer Olympics 1956: Hurdles winners Josh Culbreath(bronze) Glenn Davis(gold) and Eddie Southern (silver) on the victory stand at the Summer Olympics" (Photo). LIFE. Retrieved December 18, 2008.
Culbreath, Josh. "Dr. Joshua Culbreath & Rich Perez" (Interview: video). Interviewed by Rich Perez. Truveo. Retrieved December 18, 2008.

Ann Marie Flynn
Ann Marie Flynn (August 17, 1938 – July 22, 2021) was a female high jumper from the United States, who competed in the 1950s and 1960s for her native country. She was born in New York City and was a member of the German-American Athletic Club in Brooklyn. She set her personal best in the women's high jump event (1.65 metres) on July 18, 1959, at a meet in Philadelphia. She also competed in the discus throw and the heptathlon during her career. Flynn competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics but was the only athlete not to clear the qualifying height at the event.

 Achievements 

 References 

 External links 
Profile
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Ann Marie Flynn". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-18.
Anne Marie Flynn's obituary

Cary Feldmann
Cary Feldmann (born July 11, 1950) is an American former track and field athlete who competed in the javelin throw. He won two international gold medals in his career: at the 1971 Pan American Games with a games record of 81.52 m (267 ft 5+1⁄4 in) and at the 1973 Pacific Conference Games in a championship record of 82.50 m (270 ft 8 in).At national level he won one American title at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, topping the podium at the 1973 event. He had been runner-up nationally in 1971. Collegiately he competed for the Washington Huskies and was the 1971 winner at the NCAA Outdoor Championships, having placed third the year before. He achieved a personal record of 90.94 m (298 ft 4+1⁄4 in) on May 19, 1973. This ranked him fourth globally for that season.

 International competitions 

 National titles 
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Javelin throw: 1973

 References 

Rosalyn Bryant
Rosalyn Evette Bryant (married Clark; born January 7, 1956) is an American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 meters.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, she competed for the United States in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Canada in the 4 x 400 meters where she won the Silver medal with her teammates Debra Sapenter, Sheila Ingram and Pamela Jiles. She also finished fifth in the individual 400m there.  It is rumored that the three of the four finishers before her used either steroids or blood doping so many feel that she is truly the second-place finisher of that race. She also competed at the inaugural 1983 World Track and Field Championships, where she represented the US in both the open 400 m and the 4 x 400 meter relay.  She finished 8th in the open 400m, the only American finalist, and anchored the US relay team to a seventh-place finish.  She later became a Los Angeles police officer. Her daughter Breanna Clark is also an athlete and has competed at the Paralympic Games.

 References 

Rosalyn Bryant at databaseOlympics.com at the Wayback Machine (archived February 8, 2007)
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Rosalyn Bryant". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-17.
Rosalyn Bryant at World Athletics

Lynn Graham
Lynn Graham (born November 3, 1947) is an American former track and field athlete who specialized in the shot put. Graham was the Pan American Games gold medalist in 1971. She won six national titles in the shot put and one in the discus. Her lifetime personal record is 16.18 m (53 ft 1 in), set in Garden Grove, California on May 28, 1971.

 Career 
Graham, born in an African-American family in California grew up in Los Angeles. Her talent for throwing events was quickly identified and a sixteen-year-old Graham was runner-up at the 1964 United States Olympic Trials and also third at the national Amateur Athletic Union meet. At the age of seventeen she won national titles in both the shot put and discus throw at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. After 1965 she decided to focus mainly on the shot put instead, as it was her best event.She defended her shot put national title in 1966 and claimed her first indoor American title at the USA Indoor Track and Field Championships the following year. Outdoors, she was beaten at the 1967 nationals by Maren Seidler, but still she was selected to represent the United States at the 1967 Pan American Games held in Winnipeg. Still a teenager, Graham claimed her first major international medal – a silver – behind Canada's
Nancy McCredie, who had entered as the defending champion.Graham's teenage shot put exploits remained the best of the nation for over two decades, with her national high school record lasting until 1990, when it was bettered by Stephanie Wadsworth. In 1968 Graham aimed to make her first Olympic team, but losses to Seidler at both the Olympic trials event and the national championships meant her younger rival was selected instead. The standard of American women's throwing was some way behind Europeans during the period – Graham's best throws were around fifteen while Margitta Gummel won the Olympic title that year with a world record of 19.61 m (64 ft 4 in).Graham moved around clubs after this period, going from a Los Angeles-based club to the Millbrae Lions, then the Fresno Elans. This coincided with the best years of her career. She won three straight national titles from 1969 to 1971, upturning Seidler's position as America's top shot putter, and set a championship record mark of 15.85 m (52 ft 0 in). Her best international results followed at the inaugural 1969 Pacific Conference Games in Tokyo she was silver medallist behind Barbara Poulsen of New Zealand. The greatest win of her shot putting career came at the 1971 Pan American Games in Cali, Colombia. There she defeated Cuba's Grecia Hamilton to win the gold medal in a Pan American Games mark of 15.76 m (51 ft 8+1⁄4 in). That same year she achieved her personal record of 16.18 m (53 ft 1 in).Graham's last year of high level competition was in 1972. Aiming yet again for the Olympic team, her perennial rival Maren Seidler emerged the better thrower and defeated her at both the Olympic trials and national championships. Graham retired from the sport thereafter while Seidler ultimately pushing American women's throwing to near European standards – her 1972 national win was the first of a nine-year streak which included in a championship record of 19.09 m (62 ft 7+1⁄2 in) in 1979.

 International competitions 

 National titles 
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Shot put: 1965, 1966, 1969, 1970, 1971
Discus throw: 1965
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Shot put: 1967

 References 

Angela Daigle
Angela Daigle (born May 28, 1976, in San Francisco, California) is an American sprinter. She graduated from Fresno State University in 1999 and competed for the Fresno State Bulldogs team.
Together with Muna Lee, Me'Lisa Barber and Lauryn Williams she won a gold medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics. She had previously won a relay gold medal at the 2003 Pan American Games.
She was the American national champion in the 60-meter dash in 2005.

 Personal bests 
100 metres - 11.23 (2003)
200 metres - 22.59 (2004)

 References 

 External 
Angela Daigle at World Athletics

Tony Darden
Tony Darden (born September 2, 1957) is an American former track and field athlete, who competed in the sprints events during his career. He is best known for winning the men's 400-meter dash at the 1979 Pan American Games in San Juan.

 Track career 
Darden had a very successful track career for his high school, Norristown High, Pennsylvania; for his university, Arizona State; and for his track club, Philadelphia Pioneers.
At high school, Darden won multiple state championships and achieved national fame by recording national indoor records at 300 and 500 yards.At Arizona State University, Darden was a key member of the track team, competing in the sprints and sprint relay, and helped the team to their first NCAA Championship in 1977. Also in 1977, Darden was a member of two Arizona State record-breaking relay teams. The first tied the 4x220 yards world best with a time of 1:21.7 in Austin, Texas on April 1 at the Texas Relays. The second broke the world record for the 4×200 metres with a time of 1:21.4 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on April 30 at the Penn Relays.In 1979, Darden having finished second at the USA championships (see below) qualified for the Pan American Games. Willie Smith, as American No. 1, was expected to be the main rival to the legendary Cuban athlete Alberto Juantorena. In the end a foot injury and a problem with a shoe put paid to his chances, and it was an inspired piece of running by Darden that meant it was he who was to beat Juantorena into second.Darden finished third in 400 m at the 1979 Athletics World Cup and anchored the United States 4 × 400 m relay team to victory. Darden received some criticism for his run in the individual event but ran a superb relay leg to redeem his reputation.At the 1981 Athletics World Cup, Darden again anchored the United States 4 × 400 m relay team to victory, in a time that was then the third fastest ever.Darden never ran in an Olympics. As a high-school student he reached the quarter-finals at the United States Olympic Trials in 1976. In 1980 though he finished fifth and so qualified for the 4 × 400 m relay squad but the United States boycotted the 1980 Olympics.Darden set his personal best (45.01) in the 400 metres on June 21, 1981, in Sacramento.

 Later career 
As of 2012, Darden was head coach for the Greater Norristown Police Athletic League track and field team.
Darden is USATF level one certified coach.Between 2000 and 2004, Darden was a member of the Norristown Municipal Council and in 2004 Darden was Norristown Council President.

 Rankings 
Darden was ranked among the best in the US and the world in the 400 m sprint from 1977 to 1982, according to the votes of the experts of Track and Field News.

 USA Championships 
Darden was a very successful competitor at 400 m in the USA National Track and Field Championships between 1977 and 1984:

 Accolades and awards 
In 2007, Darden was inducted into the Penn Relays 'Wall of Fame'.Darden had already been inducted into the Penn Relays "Relays’ Wall of Fame" in 1994 as a member of the winning 1977 Arizona State University 4 × 400 m relay team.In 1989, Darden, along with the rest of the members of the 1977 sprint relay teams, was inducted into the Arizona State University Hall of Fame.In 1990, Darden was inducted into the Norristown Area School District Hall of Champions.

 References 

Bill Dellinger
William Solon Dellinger (born March 23, 1934) is a retired American middle-distance runner, and track and field and cross country coach. He competed in the 5,000 m at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1964, setting his personal record. He lettered in track at the University of Oregon in 1954, 1955, and 1956.

 Coaching career 
Upon retirement from competition, Dellinger took a position as the assistant coach to Bill Bowerman for₵ the Oregon Ducks track and field team. After Bowerman's retirement in 1972, Dellinger succeeded him as head coach. In his 25 years of coaching, Dellinger's men won five NCAA titles, achieved 108 All American honors, and had a 134–29 meet record. He was the Pac-10 coach of the year multiple times.Dellinger was instrumental in the development and coaching of Oregon and American great distance star Steve Prefontaine in conjunction with Bowerman, and their experience was made into a 1997 film Prefontaine, in which Bill Dellinger was played by Ed O'Neill.
In Co-Operation with Adidas, Dellinger developed the so-called "Dellinger Web", a Cushioning Technology used on various Shoes throughout the 80s and early 90s.
Dellinger also coached many post-collegians including Olympians Mary Decker, Bill McChesney, Alberto Salazar, Matt Centrowitz, Don Clary, and many others.

 After retiring from coaching 
Dellinger retired from the University of Oregon in 1998  and would later join his mentor, Bill Bowerman, as an inductee in the National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 2001. He retired after he had a stroke in 2000.
Since retirement, he has stayed out of the Track and Field world, except for a few appearances at meets named in his honor.
In 2021 USA Track and Field awarded Dellinger their Legend Coach Award.

 Records 
Records set by Dellinger:
1956 American Record holder: 5000 meters 14:16.2
1958 American Record holder: 1500 meters 3:41.5
1959 World Record holder (indoors): 2 miles 8:49.9
1959 World Record holder (indoors): 3 miles 13:37.0
1960 American record holder: 2 miles 8:43.8

 See also 
Prefontaine
Inspirational/motivational instructors/mentors portrayed in films

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Bill Dellinger at Wikimedia Commons

Bill Dellinger at the USATF Hall of Fame

Roddie Haley
Roddie Haley (December 6, 1964 – February 17, 2022) was an American sprinter.

 Biography 
Haley ran on the American  4 × 400 m relay team at the 1987 Pan American Games and 1987 World Championships, winning gold medals at both events. He also finished eighth in the individual 400 metres at the 1987 World Championships.
He was an NCAA 400 meter champion as a freshman in college at the University of Arkansas, with a time of 44.20 seconds. Haley was also a nine-time All-American (four indoor, five outdoor) for coach John McDonnell, and one of the Razorbacks’ top performers both on the indoor and outdoor ovals.
Haley was also a three-time NCAA champion, including twice in the indoor 500 meters (1986–87) and once in the outdoor 400 meters (1985). He earned SWC titles indoors in the 440 yard dash (1985) and 600 yard dash (1987), and was a three-time SWC outdoor champion in the 400 meters (1985–87). Haley further captured a SWC title at the conference outdoor meet in 1985 in the 4x100 meter relay. He remains the outdoor 400 meter record holder with a time of 44.48 set in 1986. Haley was part of four SWC and four NCAA team championships in his three seasons, including contributing to the first national triple crown in school history in 1985.
Haley was inducted into the University of Arkansas Hall of Honors on September 2, 2016. He died on February 17, 2022, at the age of 57.

 References 

Don Bragg
Donald George Bragg (May 15, 1935 – February 16, 2019) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the pole vault and won a gold medal in that event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

 Life 
Bragg grew up in Penns Grove, New Jersey, where he attended Penns Grove High School.Bragg was the last of the great pole vaulters to use an aluminum pole. From 1954 until 1960, he was always world ranked and capped a championship career in 1960 by setting a world record of 15' 9+1⁄4" (4.80 m) at the Olympic Trials and winning an Olympic gold medal with a vault of 15' 5" (4.70 m). He set a world indoor record of 15' 9+1⁄2" (4.81 m) at Philadelphia in 1959 and, like Hall of Famer Cornelius Warmerdam, vaulted better indoors than outdoors.
At 6' 3" and 197 pounds, Bragg was one of the largest vaulters in history. He had to stay on a 1,200-calorie (5,000 kJ) diet to stay at that weight — any more and the aluminum alloy poles would crumple under the strain. The aluminum pole had another disadvantage: While taking it aboard a train in Philadelphia, Bragg hit an electrical line and was nearly electrocuted.While at Villanova University, he won the NCAA pole vault championship in 1955 and was the IC4A champion, both indoors and outdoors, from 1955 to 1957. He also tied for the AAU indoor championship. After graduating in 1957, Bragg again tied for the AAU indoor championship in 1958, then won the event from 1959 through 1961. He was also the AAU outdoor champion in 1959.Nicknamed "Tarzan" because of his size and strength, Bragg's goal was to play that role in the movies. Few have so actively pursued a role. He toured Europe and Africa for the U.S. Department of State as a goodwill ambassador, climbing trees and swinging from vines. He met Johnny Weissmuller, who agreed that Bragg would be perfect as Tarzan.  When he won the gold at the 1960 Olympics he did the infamous Tarzan yell from the podium, shocking the crowd. He was offered the role twice, but was injured and missed both opportunities. His dream went unfulfilled.
He later became athletic director at Stockton State College in New Jersey, the owner of a summer camp, and the author of A Chance to Dare: The Don Bragg Story. His time running a summer camp is chronicled in Kamp Olympik by Don and Theresa Bragg, as told to Patricia Doherty.
In August 2010, Bragg made a speech in Rome at a ceremony commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the 1960 Summer Olympics. He concluded this speech with his Tarzan yell.His younger sister, Diane Bragg, also learned how to pole vault by watching her brother. In 1952, long before women were pole vaulting competitively, Diane set the women's world record that stood for over 25 years.Bragg died at his home in Oakley, California, from the effects of Parkinson's disease, diabetes, and a stroke on February 16, 2019, aged 83.

 Records 
World record: pole vault — 4.80 m (July 2, 1960)

 Championships 
1955 NCAA: Pole Vault (1st)
1957 AAU Indoors: Pole Vault (1st)
1958 AAU Indoors: Pole Vault (1st)
1959 AAU Indoors: Pole Vault (1st)
1959 AAU Outdoors: Pole Vault (1st)
1960 AAU Indoors: Pole Vault (1st)
1960 Summer Olympics: Pole Vault — 4.70 m (1st)
1961 AAU Indoors: Pole Vault (1st)

 Education 
High school: Penns Grove High School (Penns Grove, New Jersey), 1953
Undergraduate: Villanova (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), 1957

 References 

 External links 

Don Bragg at the USATF Hall of Fame 
Don Bragg at Olympics.com 
Don Bragg at Olympedia

Diane Dixon
Diane Lynn Dixon (born September 23, 1964) is an American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres. She was born in Brooklyn, New York.  She has an Olympic gold medal for running with the American 4x400 meters relay team at the 1984 Olympics, running in the preliminary rounds.
She competed for the United States in the 1988 Summer Olympics held in Seoul, South Korea in the 4 x 400 metres where she won the Silver medal with her teammates Denean Howard, Valerie Brisco-Hooks and Florence Griffith Joyner. Second place in that race is still the second fastest time ever run in that event behind the winning Soviet team and the current American record.  She set her personal record of 49.84 while finishing third in an open semi-final in Seoul. Four years earlier she ran in the qualifying heat for the same relay that eventually took gold.
Dixon was also a part of two medal-winning teams in the 4x400 relay at the IAAF World Championships, taking a bronze in 1987 in Rome and a silver in 1991 in Tokyo.
Dixon was known for her aggressive frontrunning style indoors, where she could take the lead at the break (after the first 50 meters) and hold off her competitors who would then be forced to try to run around her. In 1981 she won her first of her USA Indoor Track and Field Championships at the (then) Imperial distance of 440 yards. In 1983 she won again and began an unprecedented streak of ten consecutive wins in the 440 or 400 metres.
  In 1985, Dixon won the 400 metres at the IAAF World Indoor Championships.  She repeated the feat again in 1991, setting the American Record at 50.64 seconds in the event.  That record stood until March 13, 2010, when it was broken by Francena McCorory from Hampton University at the NCAA Championships.
Diane Dixon attended the Brooklyn Technical High School and graduated in 1982.
Diane Dixon owns the distinction of being the first Ohio State women's student-athlete to capture an individual national track                                                        championship in the 400 meters at the 1983 indoor championships.
After retiring, Diane worked to help other athletes with career guidance by founding Retired Elite Athletes Need Career Opportunities.

 References 

 External links 
Diane Dixon at World Athletics 
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Diane Dixon". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-18.
Brooklyn Technical High School Alumni Foundation

Michelle Finn-Burrell
Michelle Bonae Finn-Burrell (born May 8, 1965, in Orlando, Florida) is an American former sprint athlete from Orlando, Florida. She graduated from Oak Ridge High School in Orlando.  She set the Florida State University record for the 100 meters which has lasted over 18 years into the 2006 season. She won a gold medal at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics as part of the 4 × 100 meters relay team (heats). She also reached the final of the 200 meters at the same event, finishing in seventh place. In 1993 Finn was a 100 and 200 m semi-finalist at the World Championships and took the bronze medal at the US national championships for the 200 m.She ran on the United States gold medal-winning 4 × 100 m relay team in the 1986 Goodwill Games in Moscow. She spread her All-America performances over all four years of her FSU career beginning with the 100 meters as a freshman in 1984 through All-America honors in the 55, 100, 200 and with the 4 × 100 m relay team at the 1987 NCAA Championships. Finn was the 1990 TAC/USA's National Indoor Champion. She competed in the IAAF World Indoor Championships three times, reaching the final of the 60 meters twice.She married Leroy Burrell, American sprinter, who broke the world 100 m record twice, 9.90s (1991) and 9.85s (1994). They have three sons Cameron, Joshua and Jaden.

 Personal bests 

 References 

 External links 
Michelle Finn-Burrell at World Athletics 
Michelle Finn at Olympedia
Michelle Finn at Olympics.com

Jim Grelle
James Edward Grelle (September 30, 1936 – June 13, 2020) was an American middle-distance runner. He had his best achievements in the 1500 m event, finishing eighth at the 1960 Olympics, winning a gold and a silver medal at the Pan American Games in 1963 and 1959, respectively.Grelle's first success was winning back to back Oregon state titles in the 880 yard run in 1954 and 1955 for Lincoln High School in Portland.While running for the University of Oregon he won the NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championship in 1959 after being a runner up the previous two years.  Leading up to the 1960 Olympics, he won the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.  He also added two Indoor Championships in 1965 and 1966.In 1962 at the Mt. SAC Relays Grelle became the 4th American sub-4 minute miler.  He won the Mile there three years in a row.  In 1965 he briefly held the American record in the mile at 3:55.4.  Nine days later, Jim Ryun improved upon the record.  Ryun also relegated Grelle to a non-qualifying fourth place in the 1964 Olympic Trials.  Previously in 1963 he held the American record in the 2 mile run at 8:25.2.Grelle was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1981, to the Mt. SAC Relays Hall of Fame in 1991, and to the Oregon Ducks Hall of Fame in 1994.Grelle died on June 13, 2020, at the age of 83.

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Jim Grelle at Wikimedia Commons
British Pathe footage of an indoor meet including Jim Grelle on YouTube

Queen Claye
Queen Quedith Claye née Harrison (born September 10, 1988) is an American hurdler and sprinter who competed in the 400 metres hurdles at the 2008 Summer Olympics.  She was a six-time collegiate All-American at Virginia Tech where she was elected to its sports hall of fame. Queen is a meet director for Virginia's Best Track and Field Classic - VHSL meet hosted in Richmond, Virginia started in 2017.Born in Loch Sheldrake, New York,Harrison attended Hermitage High School in Richmond, Virginia, where she competed in events including hurdling, long jump, and triple jump.
She went on to attend Virginia Tech. She set a school record of 55.81 in the 400 meter hurdles while placing third at the 2007 NCAA Championship. Harrison made NCAA history in 2010 by becoming the first woman to ever win both the 100m and 400m hurdles titles at the NCAA Outdoor Championships. She also won the 60m hurdle title at the 2009 NCAA Indoor Championships making her a 3-time national champ while at Virginia Tech. Queen Harrison set an ACC record in the 400 meter hurdles.Harrison placed second at the 400 meter hurdles at 2008 U.S. Olympic Trials with a time of 54.60. Harrison became the first track and field athlete from Virginia Tech to compete at the Olympics.At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Harrison was eliminated in the 400 meter hurdles semifinals after finishing with a time of 55.88 seconds.On December 16, 2010, Queen Harrison won The Bowerman, the "Heisman of Track and Field".

She qualified to the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, but did not make it out of the semi-final round.
At the 2012 Olympic trials, she narrowly missed qualifying for the finals in the shorter 100 meters hurdles.  At 400 hurdles, was the slowest time qualifier into the semis-final round and ran even slower in that semi-final.    Since 2012, her IAAF profile shows no results in the longer race.  Instead she has focused her efforts into the shorter race.
She finished second at the 2013 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships setting her personal best at 12.43.  That ranks her tied for the 16th best performer on the all-time list.  That qualified her to the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in the new event.  She finished fifth in the final.
She placed fourth at the 2015 National Championships from which she was selected to compete at the 2015 Pan American Games where she won the gold medal.
Queen placed fourth in the 100 meter hurdles in 12.57 at the 2016 United States Olympic Trials (track and field) on July 8.Queen married fellow US athlete Will Claye in October 2018.   Claye proposed immediately after winning the silver medal in the triple jump at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio.Family Life
Queen Quedith Clay nee Harrison was born in Loch Sheldrake, New York to William Harrison and Alicia Wingate, She is the 5th child of Alicia. Her siblings are named God Goldin Zig Zag Zig Allah aka Goldin, Harrison, Victory, King Master, Princess, Empress, Muun, Zuequal, and Graceful. Queen has 14 half-siblings via her father.[1] Queen was raised a member of The Nation of Gods and Earth, a sect of the Nation of Islam. [2] 
Her father, William Harrison, served as a paratrooper in Vietnam.[3] He spent 10 years in the Fort Dix federal correctional institution after being convicted of possession and intent to distribute 5 lbs of marijuana and 22 lbs of cocaine in 1998.[4] Her mother, Alicia Wingate, served 21 months after a 1998 conviction of Felony Withholding Information.[5]

 References 

 External links 
Queen Harrison at World Athletics 
NBC Olympics Profile
In-depth article from New York Times
Queen Claye on Facebook
QUEEN HARRISON - ASICS TRACK ATHLETE

Joanna Hayes
Joanna Dove Hayes (born December 23, 1976, Williamsport, Pennsylvania) is an American hurdler, who won the gold medal in the 100 metres hurdles at the 2004 Summer Olympics.She originally specialized in the 400 metres hurdles. She won the silver medal at the 1999 Summer Universiade in a career best time of 54.57 seconds, and the gold medal at the 2003 Pan American Games. She competed at the 1999 World Championships and 2003 World Championships without reaching the final.
From 2004 she competed internationally in the 100 metres hurdles. She finished fourth at the 2004 World Indoor Championships, and in August she won the Olympic gold medal in a career best time of 12.37 seconds. She also won the 2004 World Athletics Final toward the end of the season.
At the 2005 World Championships, she was among the favorites, having run 12.47 seconds in June. She did reach the final race, only to fail to finish after stumbling in the hurdles. She finished third at the 2005 World Athletics Final. After that, mediocre seasons followed with 12.76 (2006), 13.28 (2007) and 12.63 seconds (2008) as her season's best times. She failed to qualify for the 2008 Olympics due to injury.
While in high school at John W. North High School in Riverside, California she won both the 100 meter hurdles (setting the meet record) and 300 meter hurdles at the CIF California State Meet in 1995 and was named the national Girl's "High School Athlete of the Year" by Track and Field News.She is currently an assistant coach at the University of Southern California, and has coached there since the 2017 season.  She was the former personal coach (2018-2020) to professional runner and 400m hurdle world recorder holder Sydney McLaughlin. Previously, she was an assistant coach at UCLA from 2014 through 2016, and prior to that she coached track and field and cross country at Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles, California. She is the daughter of Los Angeles homeless advocate Ted Hayes. She gave birth to a daughter, Zoe, in December 2010. Hayes began her comeback to competition in 2012.Hayes was inducted into the UCLA Athletics Hall of Fame on October 11, 2014

 References 

 External links 
Joanna Hayes at World Athletics 
Joanna Hayes Foundation
Biography.com profile
Read Joanna Hayes' exclusive blog for spikesmag.com

Benita Fitzgerald-Brown
Benita Fitzgerald Mosley (formerly Benita Fitzgerald-Brown; born July 6, 1961) is a retired American athlete, who mainly competed in the women's 100 metres hurdles event.

 Early life 
A native of Warrenton, Virginia, she grew up in nearby Dale City where at an early age, she began to excel in athletics and academics. After graduating from Gar-Field High School, she attended the University of Tennessee on a full athletic scholarship, where she earned a B.S. in industrial engineering. While at Tennessee, she was a fifteen-time All-American and won 4 NCAA titles, including three 100-meter outdoor hurdles championships.

 Olympics 
Benita Fitzgerald qualified for the 1980 U.S. Olympic track and field team but did not compete due to the U.S. Olympic Committee's boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Russia. She was one of 461 athletes to receive a Congressional Gold Medal instead.She competed for the United States in the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, where she won the Olympic Gold medal in a time of 12.84 seconds, beating favorite Shirley Strong by 0.04 seconds. Fitzgerald is only the second U.S. woman, after Babe Didrikson, and the first African-American woman, to win a gold medal in the 100-meter hurdles. She was also an alternate for the 1988 United States Olympic team.
In 1996, Fitzgerald was honored as one of eight U.S. Olympians to carry the Olympic flag into the stadium during the Opening Ceremony of the Centennial Olympic Games in Atlanta. Fitzgerald has been inducted into numerous halls of fame, including the Virginia High School Hall of Fame, Virginia Sports Hall of Fame, and the University of Tennessee's Lady Volunteers Hall of Fame.

 Honors 
There is a road named after Fitzgerald in her childhood hometown of Dale City, Virginia. The street can be found off Dale Blvd. between I-95 and Minnieville Rd. Fitzgerald Elementary School, named after her mother Fannie, is located on the road. 

 References 

 External links 
Benita Fitzgerald-Brown at World Athletics 
Benita Fitzgerald-Brown at databaseOlympics.com (archived)
Benita Fitzgerald-Brown at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)

Charles Dumas
Charles Everett "Charlie" Dumas (February 12, 1937 – January 5, 2004) was an American high jumper, the 1956 Olympic champion, and the first person to clear 7 ft.(2.13 m)While attending Compton College, near Los Angeles, Dumas, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, made his memorable jump on June 29, 1956, in the US Olympic Trials in Los Angeles, breaking a barrier previously thought unbreakable.
This jump not only ensured him of a place in the American Olympic team, but also made him the top favorite for the gold medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics. In Melbourne, he did not disappoint, and grabbed the title in a new Olympic Record.Next, he enrolled at the University of Southern California, winning the  NCAA track and field title with the university team in 1958. In 1960, Dumas competed in his second Olympics, but a knee injury during the competition prevented him from winning a second medal, finishing 6th.
After his career, in which he won five consecutive national high jump titles, Dumas became a teacher, working at several schools in the Los Angeles area (including Jordan High School in Watts). He died of cancer at age 66 in Inglewood, California.  He left behind three children: Keasha Dumas, Kyle Dumas and Ianna Dumas.
He started his jumping career as a student first at Thomas Jefferson High School in South Central Los Angeles for 2 years.  As a sophomore, he finished tied for 4th place at the 1953 CIF California State Meet for Jefferson.  As a junior and senior he jumped for Centennial High School in Compton finishing second in 1954 and winning the state championship by four and a half inches in 1955.  He was Track and Field News "High School Athlete of the Year" in 1955.

 References 

 External links 
Charles Dumas at World Athletics 
Charles Dumas at the USATF Hall of Fame 
Charles Dumas at Olympics.com 
Charles Dumas at Olympedia

Lance Deal
Lance Earl Deal (born August 21, 1961, in Riverton, Wyoming) is a former American athlete who won a silver medal in the hammer throw in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He also competed in the 1988, 1992, and 2000 Summer Olympics.

 Career 
In the hammer throw finals at the 1996 Olympic Games, only the top eight competitors after three throws were awarded three additional throws. Deal fouled his first two throws; his third equaled the eighth longest throw of the competition. However, he was only in ninth place, because the other competitor had a second legal throw. The announcer initially stated that, on the basis of that tiebreaker, Deal was out of the rest of the competition. The officials corrected the error, however; IAAF rules do not call for breaking ties in this case. So Deal advanced, and on his sixth and final throw, won the silver medal behind Balázs Kiss of Hungary.
Later in the season, he threw 82.52 m (270 ft 8+3⁄4 in) to win the IAAF Grand Prix Final.  24 years later, in 2020, that throw was ratified as the American Masters M35 record.  That mark would also be a World Record if it is ever ratified by WMA.
Deal graduated from Natrona County High School in Casper, Wyoming, where he earned All-State Honors in football, wrestling, and track.  He went on to graduate from Montana State University in Bozeman, Montana. He currently works at the University of Oregon as the Director of Track & Field Venues and Program Support.  He was the throws coach (for discus, hammer, javelin, and shot put) at the University of Oregon until 2010. Deal is married and has one daughter.
Deal was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame on September 25, 2007. He was also inducted into the Wyoming Sports Hall of Fame in 2002.  In 2014, he was elected into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

 Achievements 

 References 

 External links 
"Lance Deal at databaseOlympics.com". Archived from the original on 2007-03-10. Retrieved 2006-08-19.
Lance Deal at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
Lance Earl Deal at Olympics.com
Lance Deal at World Athletics

Barbara Friedrich
Barbara Friedrich Parcinski (born 1949) is an American former track and field athlete who competed in the javelin throw. She was a member of the United States team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and was a gold medalist in the javelin at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg. Friedrich set the U.S. record at 198 feet 8 inches (60.55 m) as a high school senior with a throw in 1967 that also set the national high school record. Due to safety-related changes made to reduce the distance of javelin throws in high school competition, her record is unlikely to ever be exceeded.

 Athletic competition 
Friedrich attended Manasquan High School in Manasquan, New Jersey at a time before Title IX provided for greater opportunities for women to participate in interscholastic sports, and was required to compete together with the boys' track and field team.In July 1966, at the National Amateur Athletic Union Women's and Girl's Outdoor Track and Field Championships held in Frederick, Maryland, Friedrich had a throw of 169 feet 6 inches (51.66 m) that exceeded the existing record of 155 feet 6 inches (47.40 m).At a specially organized event in Long Branch, New Jersey for women held in the spring of 1967 as part of the state invitational Meet of Champions, Friedrich threw the javelin distance of 198 feet 8 inches (60.55 m), well beyond officials who had positioned themselves at a distance of 140 feet (43 m). Friedrich described that she was upset with her coach for ignoring her and used that anger to make a throw much harder than usual that traveled at a low trajectory and was aided by the wind. Meet officials verified that the javelin she used met all specifications and remeasured the field before certifying the distance. She set the United States overall record and the national high school record with the throw. The state record still stands as of 2016, and is 39 feet (12 m) further than the second-ranked U.S. high school distance of 159 feet 8 inches (48.67 m). Safety changes were made in 1999 to limit the distance of javelin throws. Friedrich's U.S. women's record was broken in the 1972 Olympian games, when Kate Schmidt made a toss of 200 feet 6 inches (61.11 m); however, Friedrich's national high school record remains unbroken.A graduate in the class of 1967, Friedrich was inducted into the Manasquan High School Hall of Fame in 2008.Friedrich represented the United States at the 1967 Pan American Games, where she won the gold medal. As a member of the U.S. team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, she finished in ninth place in the javelin after suffering an injury to her hamstring.
As a student at Newark State College (now Kean University) Friedrich won the national javelin title in 1970, while also competing in tennis, field hockey and basketball. She graduated in 1972 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in health and physical education in 1972. She was inducted into the Kean University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1981.

 Personal life 
Friedrich later married Clifford Parcinski. She is a resident of Spring Lake Heights, New Jersey. Friedrich was formerly a teacher in Toms River and has been a track coach.

 References 

Chryste Gaines
Chryste Dionne Gaines (born September 14, 1970, in Lawton, Oklahoma) is an American Olympic athlete who competed mainly in the sprints.

 Education 
Gaines is a 1988 graduate of South Oak Cliff High School in Dallas, Texas.During her senior year, Gaines was named the Gatorade National High School Girls Track & Field Athlete of the Year.
Gaines received a bachelor's degree from Stanford University in 1992 and an MBA from Coles College of Business, Kennesaw State University in 2007.

 Track and Field 
While at Stanford, Gaines was the 1992 NCAA indoor champion in the 55 meter sprint and the 1992 NCAA outdoor champion at 100 meters. She was the first person to win the conference 100 meter championship three times.Gaines competed for the United States in Atlanta's 1996 Summer Olympics. In the 4 x 100 metres, she won the gold medal with teammates Gail Devers, Inger Miller and Gwen Torrence.
She returned to Sydney for the 2000 Summer Olympics as the sole survivor of the 4 x 100 meters team. Teamed with Marion Jones Torri Edwards and Nanceen Perry, the Americans earned a bronze medal.
Gaines's best time in the 100 meters was 10.86 seconds (run in 2003).
Gaines successfully competed until 2008.

 Doping allegations 
In 2003, Gaines was issued a Public Warning and had her results disqualified for the detection of Modafinil.  The same year she was investigated as part of the BALCO scandal and in 2004 she received a two-year doping ban.Because of a teammate's steroid use, the IOC tried to force the 4x100 relay team to return their bronze medal from the 2000 Olympics. Gaines and her five teammates would successfully appeal.

 Honors and awards 
Gaines was the 1987-88 Gatorade National Track & Field Athlete of the Year, an award that goes to one high school girl each year from around the country.In 2009, she was named one of 10 "Women Out Front," a leadership award given by Georgia Tech, where she was an academic advisor.In 2018, she was named to the 10-person inaugural class of the Dallas Independent School District's Athletic Hall of Fame.

 Coaching 
Gaines has coached at the high school and college level. As of 2018, Gaines was the track and field and cross country coach at Heritage High School in Frisco, Texas.

 See also 
List of doping cases in athletics

 References 
Notes
SourcesEvans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Chryste Gaines". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-18. Retrieved 2015-09-06.

 External links 
Chryste Gaines at World Athletics 
Chryste Gaines at Olympics.com

Al Feuerbach
Allan "Al" Dean Feuerbach (born January 14, 1948) is a former American track and field athlete. He competed in the shot put at the 1972 and 1976 Olympics and finished in fifth and fourth place, respectively. He missed the 1980 Games due to the boycott by the United States. He did however receive one of 461 Congressional Gold Medals created especially for the spurned athletes.On May 5, 1973, he broke Randy Matson's seven-year-old world record in the shot put by throwing 21.82 meters (71' 7") at the San Jose Invitational at San Jose State College.  Just weeks later, competing in a different sport, olympic-style weight lifting, he finished first in the heavyweight division at the U.S. weightlifting championships. Feuerbach currently works as a freelance audio technologist.
He was a four time American champion in the shot put, plus he added three indoor championships and a AAA Championships.
In 2016, he was elected into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.He later became a sound engineer, working with CNBC.

 References 

 External links 

Al Feuerbach at World Athletics 
Al Feuerbach at legacy.USATF.org
Al Feuerbach at Olympics.com
Al Feuerbach at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
USA Olympic Team at the Wayback Machine (archived October 6, 2007)
Kansas Profile at the Wayback Machine (archived May 14, 2009)
Mt. SAC Relays Profile Archived September 5, 2006, at the Wayback Machine
Feuerbach at the 1976 US. Olympic Trials Video on YouTube @ 27:40
Al Feuerbach at IMDb

Fortune Gordien
Fortune Everett Gordien (September 9, 1922 – April 10, 1990) was an American discus thrower and shot putter who set four world records in the discus throw. He competed in this event at the 1948, 1952 and 1956 Olympics and placed third, fourth and second, respectively. At the 1955 Pan American Games he won a gold medal in the discus and a silver in the shot put.Domestically Gordien won six AAU and three NCAA titles. According to the Guinness Book of Track and Field: Facts and Feats, the smallest crowd ever to see a world record may have been 48, the number attending a Pasadena, California all-comers track meet in 1953 when Gordien set his last world record that stood for six years.Gordien attended the University of Minnesota. His coach there, Jim Kelly, also became coach of the U.S. track-and-field team for the 1956 Summer Olympics, where Gordien won a silver medal.
In the 1950s, Gordien had a few minor roles in films and TV series, including The Cisco Kid (1950), The Egyptian (1954), Not for Hire (1959) and North to Alaska (1960).Gordien was a coach at San Bernardino Valley College.

 Masters 
July 1968 Gordien competed in the first Masters National Outdoor Track and Field Championship held in San Diego, winning the DT.  June 1970 Gordien (47) set the Masters M45 record in the discus at 167'-8".    April 1973 Gordien (50) once again set a Masters Record in the discus at 177'-9" (Mt Sac Relays). and 

 References 

 External links 
Fortune Gordien at the USATF Hall of Fame

Alicia DeShasier
Alicia DeShasier McConnell (born April 15, 1984) is an American track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw. She won the gold medal in the event at the 2011 Pan American Games.

 Biography 
Raised in Carrollton, Illinois, DeShasier was a women's basketball and softball player at Carrollton High School. She helped her school win consecutive state Class A basketball championships in 2001 and 2002. When the 2002 softball team was state Class A runner-up, two-sport star DeShasier was named as Illinois's female high school athlete of the year.She followed her older sister, Liz, to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE) where she was a four-year star on the SIUE Cougars softball team that was selected for the NCAA Division II tournament in all four of her playing years and won the Great Lakes Valley Conference (GLVC) championship in 2006. She played every position on her team and was picked for the GLVS All-Conference team three times, was named the 2006 GLVC Player of the Year, and was a 2006 Division II First Team All-American.  After finishing her softball career and while completing her SIUE studies in civil engineering, DeShasier was encouraged to use her final year of athletic eligibility on the Cougars track and field team. There she took up the javelin throw for the first time, and her softball throwing skills translated well, as she broke the school record at her first competitive meet. Having the nation's  longest throw of the season, she was an automatic qualifier for the NCAA championships, where she finished tenth, despite a shoulder injury. She received her bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering from SIUE in 2007. After working as a civil engineer at Oates Associates in Collinsville, Illinois, DeShasier moved to Madison, Wisconsin to work in designing highways for Strand Associates, Inc. and volunteer as an assistant coach for the Wisconsin Badgers track and field team. DeShasier now works for Michael Baker International in Madison, WI. In 2012, DeShasier was elected to the GLVC Hall of Fame. In 2017, she was elected to the SIUE Athletics Hall of Fame.  In December, 2017, she and her sisters Liz and Shosha were named to the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association (IBCA) Hall of Fame.DeShasier began to compete at senior national level in 2008. She threw a personal record of 53.74 m in Edwardsville that July and came close to that mark to take fifth place overall at the United States Olympic Trials. She improved in both placing and performance at the 2009 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, coming fourth with a new best mark of 55.08 m. She had a similar peak the following year, as her throw of 55.53 m at the 2010 nationals brought her her first podium finish at the event, taking third place behind Kara Patterson and Rachel Yurkovich. These finishing positions were repeated at the 2011 USA Outdoors and although she did not have the qualifying standard for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, she was selected for the 2011 Pan American Games instead.In spite of a lack of experience of international competitions, DeShasier excelled at the Pan American Games in Guadalajara, improving her best by over two meters with a throw of 58.01 m (190 ft 4 in) and defeating the more favored Yanet Cruz to win the gold medal in the event. Reflecting on her win she said: "I was an underdog but I prefer to be in that position...no eyes are on you". Her winning throw at the Pan-American Games was the seventh longest ever by an American woman.

 References 

 External links 
Alicia DeShasier at World Athletics

Jeff Fishback
Jeffrey ("Jeff") Mason Fishback (born November 20, 1941, in San Mateo, California) is a retired middle- and long-distance runner from the United States. He won the gold medal in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 1963 Pan American Games in Brazil.
Fishback represented his native country at the 1964 Summer Olympics  in Tokyo, Japan. He was runner-up in the steeplechase at the 1962 NCAAs for San Jose State College coached by Lloyd (Bud) Winter. Fishback was affiliated with the Santa Clara Valley Youth Village .

 Personal Bests 
2 miles – 8:50 (1962)
Steeplechase – 8:40.4 (1964)
5,000 metres – 14:32.8 (1962)

 References 
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Jeff Fishback". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2012-11-04.

Floyd Heard
Floyd Wayne Heard (born March 24, 1966, in West Point, Mississippi) is a retired track and field sprinter from the United States, best known for setting the 1986 world's best year performance in the men's 200 m. He did so on 7 July 1986 at a meet in Moscow, Soviet Union, clocking 20.12s. A year later he won the title in the men's 200 m at the 1987 Pan American Games.
Heard's personal best for the 200 m was 19.88 seconds, set at the U.S. Olympic Trials in Sacramento on 23 July 2000. That was the race where favorites Michael Johnson and Maurice Greene were pitted as rivals by the media. In a head-to-head battle, both pulled up during the race, leaving Heard to pick up the pieces behind newcomer John Capel, at age 34 becoming the oldest sprinter to make his first American Olympic team.

 Background 
Heard attended John Marshall High School in Milwaukee, Wisconsin (graduating 1985) and Texas A&M.  While at A&M, Heard worked with world-renowned conditioning coach Istvan Javorek.
Floyd Heard also owns the American record as part of the Santa Monica Track Club's scorching performance of 1:18.68 in 1994 in the 4 × 200 m relay run, set at the Mt. SAC Relays. His teammates in that race were Mike Marsh, Leroy Burrell, and Carl Lewis.

 References 

Floyd Heard profile at USATF
1986 Year Rankings
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Floyd Heard". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2012-11-04.

 External links 
Masters T&F 100 metres Dash All-Time Rankings Archived 2021-02-25 at the Wayback Machine 10.28 (2001)
Masters T&F 200 metres Dash All-Time Rankings Archived 2018-09-17 at the Wayback Machine 20.31 (2002)
Masters T&F 400 metres Dash All-Time Rankings Archived 2008-12-28 at the Wayback Machine 48.03 (2002)

Bud Held
Franklin Wesley "Bud" Held (born October 25, 1927) is an American athlete primarily notable for his performance throwing the javelin. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

 College career 
Held started as a pole vaulter at Grossmont High School near San Diego, where he finished in a 3-way tie for 4th place at the 1946 CIF California State Meet.  He switched to the javelin while a student at Stanford University, where he won the NCAA javelin championship in 1948, 1949, and 1950. Held won the AAU USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships six times, 1949, 1951, 1953 to 55 and 1958. Held set six American records in the javelin, and in 1953 became the first American to hold the world javelin record with an effort of 263 feet 10 inches (80.42 m); in so doing, Held became the first athlete ever to throw the 800-gram (1.8 lb) javelin over 80 m (260 ft). He set a second world record of 268 feet 2 inches (81.74 m) in 1955, and his career best throw was 270 feet 0 inches (82.30 m) in 1956.

 International competition 
Held was a member of the United States' 1952 Olympic team where he placed ninth after a shoulder injury, and missed making the 1956 Olympic team by an inch. He won a gold medal in the 1955 Pan American Games in 1955 with a throw of 69.77 meters (228.9 ft).

 Master's competition 
Held continues to compete in masters competitions. In 1970, Held set a United States national masters javelin record of 229 ft 3 in (69.88 m). On October 4, 2008, at the Club West Masters Track meet in Santa Barbara, Held set the age 80+ World Record in the pole vault adding to the M75 World Record he already holds.  He is also ranked in the discus.  He also coaches his live-in partner Nadine O'Connor, who holds the women's 65+ pole vault world record, among numerous other track and field records.

 Outside of competition 
After his retirement from standard competition, Held became a sporting equipment businessman. He founded Ektelon, inventing the world's first aluminum tennis racquet and its related stringing equipment from his San Diego garage, then subsequently the first aluminum racquetball racquet. He also invented a hollow javelin that was used into the 1960s, but his design was later outlawed due to safety concerns.

 Honors 
Held was inducted into the USA Track & Field Hall of Fame in 1987, the USATF Masters Hall of Fame in 2005 and is a member of the Stanford Athletic Hall of Fame.

 References 

 External links 
Bud Held at the USATF Hall of Fame

Barbara Ferrell
Barbara Ann Ferrell, Mrs. Edmonson (born July 28, 1947, Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American former track and field athlete who competed mainly in the 100-metre dash. She was the U.S. national champion in that event in 1967 and 1969 and is a member of the U.S. National Track & Field Hall of Fame.
Ferrell competed for the United States at the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City, Mexico in the 100 metres, where she finished second to teammate and 1964 gold medalist Wyomia Tyus. She finished fourth in the 200 metres final. The two then joined with fellow Americans Margaret Bailes and Mildrette Netter to take the gold medal in the 4 × 100 m relay.
At the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany, after a season in which she had been hampered by injury, Ferrell finished seventh in the 100 metres final, and was eliminated in the semifinals of the 200 metres.
She was named to the U.S. National Track & Field Hall of Fame in 1988 and, that same year, to the Mt. SAC Relays Hall of Fame.Ferrell served as women's track coach at the University of Southern California, and while there became one of the few female coaches in an NCAA Division I program to handle both the men's and women's sprinters. She was named head coach for the women's track and field and cross country programs at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas in 2002. Ferrell, also known as Coach E, retired as the head track coach at San Marino High School and passed the position onto her former pupil Jeff Williams.
Ferrell obtained her bachelor's degree in sociology from California State College, Los Angeles, now California State University, Los Angeles, in 1969. She was inducted into the university's Athletics Hall of Fame in 1986.She is married to former UCLA football and professional track great Warren Edmonson, who has served as head track and field coach at California State University, Dominguez Hills since 2002. While competing for St. Bernard High School, their daughters Malika and Miya were a key component of the school's national record-setting 4 × 100 metres relay team. Their record set in 1997 lasted for seven years.

 References 

Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Barbara Ferrell". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on April 17, 2020.

 External links 
Barbara Ferrell at the USATF Hall of Fame

Kendall Baisden
Kendall Baisden (born March 5, 1995) is an American track and field sprinter who specializes in the 400-meter dash. She holds a personal record of 50.46 seconds for the distance, set in 2014.
She was the double  400 m and 4×400-meter relay champion at both the 2015 Pan American Games and the 2014 World Junior Championships in Athletics. Collegiately she runs for the University of Texas at Austin and has won NCAA relay titles indoors and outdoors.

 Career 

 Early life and career 
Baisden was born in Beverly Hills, Michigan to Tina and Anthony Baisden. She attended Detroit Country Day School and was first interested in playing tennis, looking to follow in the footsteps of Serena Williams. It was during tennis practice that her speed was noticed and the coaches recommended she compete in track and field instead. She ran in a range of sprint distances and at state level won three 400-meter dash and two titles in both the 100-meter dash and 200-meter dash. She quickly showed her skill at the national level, placing in the top three of the 200 m at the 2007 AAU Junior Olympic Games at the age of twelve. A National Junior Olympic double in the short sprints followed in 2009, with her runs of 11.73 seconds and 23.69 seconds being American records for the age group.Baisden began to progress more in the longer sprint in the 2010, taking the under-16s Junior Olympic title and the national junior title over 400 m. Her time of 52.59 seconds that season placed her among the world's top young sprinters that year. Focusing more on the 400 m in 2011, she was runner-up at the national youth trials and went on to place sixth individually at the 2011 World Youth Championships in Athletics, as well as take her first international medal (a silver) in the sprint medley relay.Third place at the 2012 USA Junior Championships brought Baisden a place in the relay at the World Junior Championships. At the competition in Barcelona the American team were disqualified in the heats, but were given a second opportunity to qualify after a protest and ultimately a team of Baisden, Erika Rucker, Olivia Ekpone and Ashley Spencer went on to win the gold medals. In 2013, she improved her best to 52.03 seconds while placing second at the national junior championships and later won her first individual international medal at the 2013 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships, coming runner-up behind Courtney Okolo before taking the relay gold with her teammate.

 College and World Junior champion 
Baisden enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin in late 2013, majoring in business, and began training with the Texas Longhorns collegiate team. She immediately became a key member of the track team, being a 200 m and 400 m finalist at the Big 12 Conference indoor meet in 2014, and helping Texas to runner-up in the relay at the event. At the 2014 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships she ranked fifth in the 400 m and, at 3:27.42 minutes, set the second-fastest-ever indoor 4×400 m relay time for college athletes, although the team of Briana Nelson, Okolo, Baisden and Spencer were beaten by the Oregon Ducks team.The Big 12 Conference Outdoor Championships saw Baisden score points in four events for Texas: she was a winner in both the 4×100-meter relay and 4×400 m relay, was runner-up in the 400 m, and also fourth in the 200 m. Her time of 50.46 seconds in the 400 m was a personal best and also the fastest by a junior athlete that year. This also marked her rise into a senior standard athlete, as she placed eighth overall on the global rankings for women's 400 m for 2014. In her debut at the competition, Baisden took third place in the 400 m at the 2014 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships, beaten only by teammate Okolo and Phyllis Francis of Oregon. She teamed up with Okolo to help Texas to the 4×400 m relay collegiate title – the time of 3:24.21 minutes set by Nelson, Baisden, Morolake Akinosun and Okolo was a record for the NCAA Division I Women's Outdoor Track and Field Championships and the second-fastest recorded by a collegiate team at that point. It was the eighth fastest time that season by any team. Baisden also teamed up with Akinsun, Okolo and Morgan Snow to claim third in the NCAA 4×100 m relay.Baisden entered the 2014 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, but was disqualified in the first round. She won her first national junior title and followed this with individual and relay gold medals at the 2014 World Junior Championships in Athletics (running with Shamier Little, Olivia Baker and Shakima Wimbley in the relay).At the start of 2015, she won the Big 12 indoor titles in the 400 m and relay. She sank to eighth in the Big 12 outdoor final, but was also fifth in the 200 m and won both the relay titles. At the 2015 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships she won the relay title and ranked twelfth individually. She led the Texas women's sprint team at the 2015 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships, taking runner-up spot in the 400 m behind Kala Funderburk. A team of Melissa Gonzalez, Baisden, Akinosun, and Spencer placed only eighth in the NCAA 4×400 m relay, but Baisden had more success in the 4×100 m, placing fourth alongside Snow, Akinosun, and Shania Collins.

 Pan American champion 
After the end of the college season she ran at the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships and appeared to be among the top contenders after qualifying for the final with a run of 50.50 seconds. She was over two seconds slower in the final, however, and eventually placed seventh. Still, her performances that year gained her a debut international senior appearance as part of the United States team for the 2015 Pan American Games. With a run of 51.27 seconds in the 400 m final she became the first American champion in the event in 36 years after Sharon Dabney's 1979 win. Baisden teamed up with the individual runner-up Shakima Wimbley, as well as Shamier Little and Kyra Jefferson, to beat the Jamaican women to the 4×400 m relay gold medals.

 Personal records 
Outdoor100-meter dash – 11.55 (2010)
200-meter dash – 22.80 (2015)
400-meter dash – 50.46 (2014)Indoor60-meter dash – 7.39 (2015)
200-meter dash – 23.74 (2015)
400-meter dash – 52.01 (2014)

 National titles 
NCAA Division I Women's Outdoor Track and Field Championships
4 × 400 m relay: 2014
NCAA Division I Women's Indoor Track and Field Championships
4 × 400 m relay: 2015

 International competitions 

 See also 
List of 2015 Pan American Games medal winners

 References 

 External links 
Kendall Baisden at World Athletics

Gwen Berry
Gwendolyn Denise Berry (born June 29, 1989) is an American track and field athlete who specializes in the hammer throw. Her mark of 77.78 m (255 ft 2 in) on June 8, 2018, ranks her #7 on the all-time list.  She also holds the world record in the weight throw with a mark of 25.60 m (83 ft 11+3⁄4 in) set in March 2017. She is a three-time national champion in the weight throw at the USA Indoor Track and Field Championships. She was the gold medalist in the hammer at the 2014 Pan American Sports Festival.  She is also the 2019 Pan American Games Champion.
Berry is currently service a 16-month suspension due to a second doping violation set to expire in August 2024.

 Career 

 Early life and college 
Gwen Berry was born to Michael Berry and Laura Hayes; she grew up in Florissant, Missouri and attended McCluer High School. While there she was a basketball player but started taking part in track in the off-season and competed in the triple jump. She began studying for a degree in psychology and criminal justice at Southern Illinois University Carbondale in 2007. She took up throwing events for the Southern Illinois Salukis collegiate team and came fourth in the hammer throw at the 2008 USA Junior Championships.Her throwing improved the following year and she was the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) champion in the weight throw and shot put and reached eleventh in the former event at the NCAA Indoor Championships. In 2010, she earned NCAA All-American honours in the weight throw and shot put indoors and the hammer throw outdoors (taking fourth at the 2010 NCAA Outdoors). That season she set bests of 16.30 m (53 ft 5+1⁄2 in) for the shot put, 20.48 m (67 ft 2+1⁄4 in) for the weight throw and 62.55 m (205 ft 2+1⁄2 in) for the hammer throw.Berry's international debut for the United States came at the 2010 NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics. She took the hammer bronze, behind Heather Steacy and fellow Salukis athlete Jeneva McCall.In her last season at Southern Illinois, Berry reached new peaks. A shot put best of 16.99 m (55 ft 8+3⁄4 in) brought her the MVC outdoor title and she later placed twelfth at the 2011 Championships. In the weight throw she 22.71 m (74 ft 6 in) in Bloomington, Indiana, which placed her second in the world for the event that year behind Amber Campbell. She entered as favourite for the weight throw at the NCAA Indoor Championships, but performed poorly, ending in tenth, and commented that she was psychologically affected by being one of the smaller athletes there. Moving to the outdoor season, she threw a personal record to win the hammer at the Drake Relays. Her mark of 70.52 m (231 ft 4+1⁄4 in) ranked her in the world's top 25 athletes for the year. Nerves again affected her at the 2012 NCAA Outdoor Championships, as she failed to reach the final despite being the country's third best thrower that year, behind Jessica Cosby and Amber Campbell.

 Professional 
After graduation, Berry continued competing with a focus on weight throw in the indoor season and hammer throw in the outdoor season. At the 2011 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships she ranked sixth. In the 2012 season she came third in the weight throw at the 2012 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships. A new hammer best of 71.95 m (236 ft 1⁄2 in) came in April and she entered the 2012 United States Olympic Trials as the number two ranked American woman after Jessica Cosby. She did not live up to her previous performance, however, and ended in seventh with a mark of 68.84 m (225 ft 10 in). Despite the failure, she was approached by New York Athletic Club, who encouraged her to join them and remain in the sport.Berry secured her first national title at the 2013 USA Indoors, launching the weight throw 24.70 m (81 ft 1⁄4 in) to beat out a field including Amber Campbell and Jeneva McCall. She achieved a best of 73.81 m (242 ft 1+3⁄4 in) for the hammer that year, but again did not perform well at the 2013 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, placing ninth. She defended her weight throw national title in 2014. The 2014 season marked her first foray into the international professional circuit and she ranked eighth on the 2014 IAAF Hammer Throw Challenge. She was seventh at the 2014 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, but was still selected for the Pan American Sports Festival. There, she came away with a gold medal in a season's best of 72.04 m (236 ft 4 in) and beat three-time world champion Yipsi Moreno of Cuba, whose career was an inspiration for Berry. She enjoyed her highest world ranking that season, placing 17th overall.Berry skipped the 2015 indoor season and again competed on the circuit, placing tenth in the 2015 IAAF Hammer Throw Challenge final standings (second only to Amanda Bingson among Americans). Berry cleared seventy metres for the first time nationally at the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, but strong performances by Campbell, DeAnna Price and Bingson left her in fifth place overall.At the start of 2016, Berry was dominant in the weight throw, winning four straight meetings with throws over 24 meters, including a third career win at the 2016 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships, and ranking number one globally for the season. Her hammer throw was also much improved with consistent throws beyond seventy meters. Although a throw of 76.31 m (250 ft 4+1⁄4 in) at the Tucson Elite Classic was initially recorded as a national record, that distance along with all of Berry's performances from March to June 2016 were annulled due to violation of anti-doping procedures.Berry placed second in hammer throw behind Team USA teammates Amber Campbell, ahead of DeAnna Price at 2016 Olympic Trials and represented the United States at 2016 Summer Olympics. She placed 14th.
At the 2020 Olympic Trials, Berry placed third in the hammer throw behind DeAnna Price and Brooke Anderson and represented the United States at the 2020 Summer Olympics, where she qualified for the final and finished 11th.

 Doping violations 
Berry has received two doping violation suspensions issued by USADA during her career. In 2016 she received a three-month suspension for using a prohibited medication. In August 2023, Berry was given a 16-month suspension by USADA after testing positive for a banned substance.

 Support for U.S. national anthem kneeling protests 

During the award ceremony in the 2019 Pan American Games in Lima, Peru. Berry was awarded the gold medal for the hammer throw, she raised her fist at the end of the playing of "The Star-Spangled Banner" in protest against “injustice” in America "and a president who's making it worse." Berry's protests led the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Committee to issue new guidelines in order to allow peaceful expressions of protest "in support of racial and social justice for all human beings." Berry has stated: "I'm here to represent those who died [due] to this systemic racism."The International Olympic Committee reprimanded Berry and placed her on probation for 12 months, prohibiting her from any form of protest for a year. Her act cost her sponsorships, and she estimated that she lost $50,000.In June 2021, during the U.S. Olympic track and field trials for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, Berry turned away from the U.S. flag during the playing of "The Star-Spangled Banner". She said of the national anthem's timing that "I feel like it was a set-up". According to a spokesperson for USA Track and Field who stated, "The national anthem is played every day according to a previously published schedule", the anthem was scheduled to be played at 5:20 p.m., though on this occasion the music started at 5:25 p.m. Berry claims an official told her the anthem would play prior to her arrival on the podium. Berry has accused critics of her protest of favoring "patriotism over basic morality."

 Personal records 
OutdoorShot put – 16.99 m (2011) Cedar Falls (USA)
Hammer throw – 77.78 m (2018)IndoorShot put – 16.30 m (2010) Charleston (USA)
Weight throw – 25.60m (2017) (WR) Albuquerque (USA)

 International competitions 
1No mark in the final

 National titles 
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Weight throw: 2013, 2014, 2016
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Hammer throw: 2017

 See also 
Olympic Games
United States at the Olympics
Women's sports
Performative activism

 References 

 External links 
Gwen Berry at World Athletics 
All-Athletics profile Archived July 11, 2016, at the Wayback Machine
Video interview
Gwen Berry at IMDb

Sara Hall
Sara Hall (née Bei; born April 15, 1983) is a professional American distance runner. She won the 3000 meter steeplechase at the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico representing the United States. Hall’s personal best time for the marathon is 2:20:32 set at the Marathon Project in Chandler, Arizona on December 22, 2020, making her the third-fastest American woman in history. She is the second-fastest American woman to ever run the half marathon, running 1:07:15 on January 16, 2022–an American record at the time.Hall has won several notable mile road races including the Drake Relays Grand Blue Mile and the US National Road Mile Championships. She also has won prestigious 1500 meter titles including one at the Millrose Games. She is a two time world team member for the United States at the world indoor track and field championships. Her best finish came in 2006 where she finished 12th in the finals of the 3000 meters at the 11th IAAF World Indoor championships. She was also a member of the 2006 and 2015 United States world cross country championship team.
Hall won the 2012 American title at the USA Cross Country Championships, edging Molly Huddle at the line.

 Early life and high school 
Hall was born in Santa Rosa, California and competed for Montgomery High School, and was the first California athletes to ever win four state cross country titles.  At the CIF California State Meet she also earned three state track titles in the 1600 and 3200 meters, and won the Footlocker National High School Cross Country Championships in 2000.

 College 
Hall was a three-time NCAA track and field runner up in the 5000 meters and indoor 3000 meters, and a 7-time All-American, competing for Stanford University. In 2003, she finished 3rd at the NCAA Women's Cross Country Championship, leading Stanford to a team title. As a college athlete she competed in the finals of the United States Olympic trials in the 5000 meters.

 Career 
2015On March 15, 2015 Hall made her marathon debut at the Los Angeles Marathon and battled through cramps, finishing 22nd with a time of 2:48:02 (6:25 minutes/mile).On March 28, 2015, Hall led the USA Team with a 20th place 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race after placing 5th at the 2015 USA Cross Country Championships in Boulder.Hall finished 10th at 2015 Chicago marathon in 2:31:14, running an Olympic Standard time.
2016Hall improved her marathon best with 2:30:06 on April 24, 2016, finishing 12th at the 2016 London Marathon.
2017On February 26, 2017, Hall again improved her marathon best with a 2:28:26 sixth place performance at the 2017 Tokyo Marathon.
On October 1, 2017, Hall won the Women's US 10 mile road championship in the Twin Cities, in 53:43, 2 seconds ahead of Natosha Rogers. She narrowly lost the equalizer competition male winner Shadrack Kipchirchir, but later it was discovered the women were supposed to be given a 6:18 lead, while they were actually given 6:10, so both runners were give the $10,000.On October 29, 2017, Hall again improved her marathon best with a 2:27:21 fifth place performance at the 2017 Mainova Frankfurt Marathon.On December 3, 2017, Hall won the Women's U.S. Marathon in California at 2017 California International Marathon in 2:28:10.
2018On May 27, Hall was third in the 2018 Ottawa Marathon in 2:26:19.In July 2018, she placed 3rd at Women's US 10 km road championship at the Peachtree 10K in 32:41.
On September 3, 2018, she won the Women's US 20 km road championship at Faxon Law New Haven Road Race 20 km in New Haven, Connecticut in 1:09:04.
On October 7, 2018, Hall won the Women's US 10 mile road championship in the Twin Cities, in 52:47, repeating her 2017 victory and edging out Molly Huddle by 1 second.
2019On September 29, 2019, Hall finished fifth in the Berlin Marathon, finishing in a personal best time of 2:22:16.Just one week later, on October 6, 2019, she won the USATF 10 mile championships for the third time in a row in a time of 53:11.
2020On October 4, 2020, Hall finished 2nd in 2:22:01 at the 2020 London Marathon behind Brigid Kosgei.
On December 20, 2020, Hall finished first at the Marathon Project in a personal best 2:20:32 in Chandler, Arizona, running with male pacers with the goal of breaking the US record, missing Deena Kastor's 2:19:36 record by just under one minute.
2021On October 10, 2021, Hall finished third at the Chicago Marathon with a time of 2:27:19.
2022On January 16, 2022, Hall broke the American record in the half marathon at the Houston Half Marathon, finishing in 1:07:15 to lower the previous American record set by Molly Huddle in 2018 by ten seconds. New record was set by Emily Sisson finishing in 1:07:11 on 7 May 2022 on USATF.  On March 6, 2022, Hall finished eighth at the Tokyo Marathon with a time of 2:22:56.On July 18, 2022, Hall finished fifth at 2022 World Athletics Championships in the marathon with a time of 2:22:10.
2023On April 17, 2023 Hall finished seventeenth at the 2023 Boston Marathon with a record master's time of 2:25:48 (2 days after her 40th birthday.). 

 Personal life 
Hall has been married to U.S. Olympic marathoner Ryan Hall since 2005. The two met at Stanford, where they both competed collegiately. In 2009, they formed the Hall Steps Foundation to empower the running community to use the energy and resources that fuel runners' athletic achievements for social justice efforts. Both are committed Christians. The couple adopted four sisters in 2015.

 References 

 External links 

official website
Sara Hall at World Athletics 
Sara Hall on Twitter

Earlene Brown
Earlene Brown (née Dennis; June 11, 1935 – May 1, 1983) was an American athlete notable for her careers in track and field and roller games. She competed at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Olympics in the shot put and discus throw and won a bronze medal in the shot put in 1960; she finished fourth in the discus in 1956.

 Life 
Brown was born on July 11, 1935, in Latexo, in Houston County, Texas, a town that, according to Isobel Silden, Earlene "(could) no longer find on the map" by 1973. Earlene's father was 'a 6-footer' and a semipro baseball player in the Negro leagues in Texas She was an only child. Her parents separated in 1938 and she followed her mother who joined the second Great Migration of Southern African-Americans to California and moved to Los Angeles.Brown began her participation in track and field activities as a member of LAPD Deputy Auxiliary Police after it was introduced on September 9, 1943, by Mayor Fletcher Bowron. She competed and excelled in the basketball throw, which led up to the shot put. While attending L.A. Jordan High, she was discovered by Adeline Valdez, Josephine Spearman and Clarence Mackey, who tried to get her to turn out for the Helsinki Olympics, but she was then "too busy going to dances".Brown joined the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) at 21 in 1956, by which time she was already married to Henry Brown, a bricklayer, and had a baby boy, Reginald, born November 14, 1955. There, she started weight lifting under the tutelage of Des Koch, while America's original javelin technician Steve Seymour coached her in shot and discus. Seeing Brown throw, Seymour was convinced she had potential as a gold medalist and decided to send her to the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. Since the Browns could not afford to pay for Earlene's training and traveling expenses, Brad Pye Jr., am influential sports editor of the Los Angeles Sentinel and African-American community activist, led a campaign that raised funds to support her. Shortly thereafter, though, Brown and her husband separated and Reggie was left in the care of his grandmother. To support herself, Brown began attending Henrietta's Beauty College to become a hairdresser.
From 1959 on, Brown was associated with the Tennessee State University "Tigerbelles", whose coach Ed Temple was also the head coach of the U.S. Olympic Women's Track and Field Team. Temple spent time 'getting Earlene in shape' for the 1960 Games and Earlene then became one of Wilma Rudolph's closest friends. At the 1960 Olympic Games in Rome, Brown won the bronze medal in the women's shot put. In the 1964 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Brown – who was short-sighted and wore heavy glasses as a consequence, except when throwing – was "beset by both wind and rain and lost her footing and a chance to get a toehold on the crown".
In July 1964, Brown hosted her Russian shot-put counterparts, Galina Zybina, Tamara Press, and Yevgenia Kuznetsova, for an unsanctioned tour of Los Angeles, although she could not speak Russian. One stop they made was Sportsman's Bowlorama, a bowling alley where Brown was known to bet in winner-take-all bowling matches called "pot bowling", where she introduced the Russian athletes to the American sport.In 1965 she retired from shot put competition. The same year she became a skater. As a blocker for the New York Bombers Roller Derby team, she was dubbed the "Brown Bomber". In 1975, after retiring from all athletic endeavors, she returned to her practice as beautician. She died aged 47, on May 1, 1983, in Compton, California.

 Track and field career 
Brown was the first American woman to medal in the shot put, one of the only two United States women to place at Rome and the only shot-putter to compete in three consecutive Olympics. She was the only American woman to win a medal in the shot put until Michelle Carter won gold at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio.  She has been described by Nathan Aaseng as "the most unheralded U.S. athlete of all time". Her events of choice were the shot put and discus throwing. Brown finished in the top ten in the shot put and discus in the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, setting American records in both events.
Brown was an eight-time (1956–1962 and 1964) and three-time (1958, 1959 and 1961) national champion in the shot put and discus, respectively.  In 1958 she received the #1 world ranking and became the first American to break the 50-foot barrier in the shot put. In 1959 she won gold medals in both the shot put and discus events at the Pan American Games. On December 1, 2005, Brown was posthumously inducted in the National Track and Field Hall of Fame by the USA Track and Field (USATF) during the Jesse Owens Awards and Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony held in Jacksonville, Florida.

 Roller games career 
After her career in the international track and field community, Brown made her debut in the banked track sport of roller games in 1965. She began her skating career with Roller Games' Texas Outlaws and New York Bombers. At almost 6 feet tall (on skates) and over 250 pounds, Brown quickly became one of the sport's most feared defensive skaters – her signature move being "the bear hug."  After a brief retirement, Brown returned to roller games, skating with the World Famous, World Champion Los Angeles Thunderbirds. It was at this juncture that she became known in the sport as "747" because of her size and weight. After the 1975 season, Brown permanently retired from roller games.

 References 

 External links 

Earlene Brown at the USATF Hall of Fame

Reese Hoffa
Michael Reese Hoffa (born Maurice Antawn Chism; October 8, 1977 in Evans, Georgia) is an American shot putter.  Reese won the shot put in the 2006 World Indoor Track and Field Championships and in the 2007 World Outdoor Championships.  He also won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.  His personal bests stand at 22.11 m (72' 6.25") indoor and 22.43 m (73' 7") outdoor.  In 2012, he threw over 21 meters in competition for the 100th time, putting him in rarefied air in the throwing community. Hoffa was adopted at the age of four.

 References 

 External links 

Reese Hoffa at World Athletics 
Reese Hoffa at legacy.USATF.org

Johnny Gray
John Lee Gray Jr. (born June 19, 1960) is a retired American world class 800 meter runner from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s and the holder of the 600m world best. A four-time-Olympian (1984-1996) in 1985 he set the US record of 1:42.60 at a meet in Koblenz.  That time puts Gray as the nineteenth fastest performer of all time.  He came seventh in the 1984 Summer Olympics, fifth in 1988, and won the bronze medal at the Barcelona Olympics of 1992. In 1993 Gray was one of the favourites to win a gold medal at the World Championships in Stuttgart as he had won the A-race at the prestigious meeting in Zurich. However, he failed to qualify for the final in Stuttgart. He also set the world 600 meter record in 1986 at 1:12.81. In 1992 and 1993 Gray came close to breaking the world indoor record over 800 m several times. He held the US indoor record at 1:45.00 (Sindelfingen 1992) till February 2019.

 Running career 
Gray went to Crenshaw High School, Santa Monica College, Arizona State University and received his graduate degree from California State University, Los Angeles. He ran his "professional" career for the Santa Monica Track Club. When he qualified for the 1996 Olympics by winning the 1996 Olympic Trials on his 36th birthday, he became the oldest male American track athlete to qualify for the Olympics.  Other older athletes who qualified were throwers, race walkers, marathoners and pole vaulter Jeff Hartwig. Joetta Clark holds the same honor for women.Having led the Olympic 800 m race at the 1992 Summer Olympics with a blazing first lap at better than world record pace, Gray was passed twice during the final lap to claim the bronze medal. A reporter later asked him what he would have done differently if he could run the race a second time, and it is rumored that he responded, "I would have taken it out harder." Runners refer to such an attitude as "taking it to the Gray zone" in his honor. This tactic also resulted in some devastating failures as in the 1987 and 1993 World Championships when he jogged to the finish of quarterfinal races, depleted and defeated.  He walked to the finish of the 1980 Olympic Trials.He was inducted into the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame Dec. 2008. Also member of Santa Monica College Hall of Fame, Millrose Games in NYC Hall of Fame, Mt. Sac Relays Hall of Fame, and obtained the key to the city for Santa Monica, Inglewood, Walnut, Agoura Hills and New York.

 Masters career 
Gray attempted to extend his career into masters athletics.  He had stated he intended to set new world records at all distances from 200 metres to the mile. At age 40, he ran the 800 in 1:48.81 at the 2001 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships, which is the World Masters Athletics record indoors.  The time was superior to the outdoor world record, most recently held by Jim Sorensen, until that record was surpassed by Anthony Whiteman, May 20, 2012.  Based on IAAF rule 260.18a, that should have been the world record, but it was never formally recognized.

 Coaching 
After competing in six Olympic Trials (1980-2000) he turned to coaching.  His foremost protege' was SMTC teammate Khadevis Robinson, who Gray coached to 5 National Championships.  Robinson might best be remembered as the odd man out in the famous "Oregon sweep" at the 2008 Olympic Trials.  That might be the second closest Olympic Trials race, to Gray's own 1984 trials, when Gray finished second, but was given the same (American record) time as Earl Jones, and James Robinson was the odd man out with the same time as 3rd place John Marshall.
Gray also coached at Harvard-Westlake School for six years.  He then worked as an assistant coach at the University of California, Los Angeles with Jeanette Bolden.  In 2013, when Boldon moved to head the University of Central Florida program, Gray followed suit. Gray is now coaching top American Duane Solomon.

 Competition record 

 References 

 External links 
Johnny Gray at World Athletics 
Johnny Gray at USA Track and Field
Johnny Gray at Olympics.com
Johnny Gray at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)

Mike Conley Sr.
Michael Alex Conley Sr. (born October 5, 1962) is an American former track and field athlete who competed primarily in the triple jump and the long jump. In the triple jump, he won an Olympic gold medal in 1992, silver in 1984, and gold in the 1993 World Championship.Conley's son, Mike Conley Jr., is a professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA).

 Competitive career 
Conley competed collegiately at the University of Arkansas where he won 9 NCAA long jump and triple jump titles. Conley was ranked #1 in the United States 9 times in the triple jump during his professional career. Conley is the former world indoor triple jump record holder and he still holds the U.S. indoor record in the triple jump at 17.76 meters (58 feet, 3.25 inches).
Conley was ranked #1 in the world 6 times in the Triple Jump during his career and was ranked 8th in the U.S. in the 200 meter dash in 1985.
Conley received the USATF Jim Thorpe Award in 1986 and 1992 as the top field events athlete in the U.S.  In 2004, Conley was inducted into the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame.A 5 ft 11 in (180 cm) basketball player at the point guard position in Luther High School South in Chicago and in college (only during his freshman year), Conley relied on those skills in winning the Foot Locker Celebrity Slam Dunk Contest in 1988, 1989 and 1992, where he also made the longest dunk ever, a dunk from 2" behind the free-throw line in the final against Olympic long jumper, Mike Powell.

 Post-competitive career 
Conley was president and remains on the board of directors of World Sport Chicago, the "living legacy" of Chicago's 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Bid, that focuses on promoting and developing sport programs and events for the youth of Chicago. Chicago had been selected as the U.S. entry into the bid process. Previously, he was the executive director of Elite Athlete's program for USA Track and Field.Conley is presently serving as chairman on the High Performance committee for USATF.
Conley is also CEO of (MMG) a Sports Management Group as well as CEO of hydrogen-infused water company HTWO.Conley is registered with the NBA as an agent and represented his son, Mike Conley Jr., and his son's Ohio State teammates Greg Oden and Daequan Cook when they entered the league and currently represents fellow University of Arkansas alum Isaiah Joe of the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Oden officially declared for the NBA draft by signing with Mike Sr. as his agent and was subsequently chosen as the number one player in the 2007 NBA draft. Conley Jr. was selected fourth overall. Cook was drafted 21st.

 Rankings 
Conley had a particularly long and prolific career and he was considered among the world's best for over a decade.  Track and Field News ranked him among the top ten triple jumpers in the world 14 consecutive years (six times as world's best) and seven times in the long jump.Conley was ranked 8th in the U.S. in the 200 meter dash in 1985.

 Personal life 
Conley is married to René Corbin Conley and is the father of Minnesota Timberwolves point guard Mike Conley Jr., Jordan Conley, Sydney Conley (All-American long jumper at the University of Kansas), and Jon Conley. He is the elder brother of former American football linebacker Steve Conley.

 References 

 External links 
Mike Conley at World Athletics

Ralph Boston
Ralph Harold Boston (May 9, 1939 – April 30, 2023) was an American track athlete who received three Olympic medals and became the first person to break the 27 feet (8.2 m) barrier in the long jump.

 Early years and education 
Boston was born in Laurel, Mississippi.  As a student at Tennessee State University, he won the 1960 National Collegiate Athletic Association title in the long jump.  In August of the same year, he broke the world record in the event, held by Jesse Owens for 25 years, at the Mt. SAC Relays.  Already the world record holder, he improved the mark past 27 feet (8.2 m), jumping 27 feet 0.5 inches (8.242 m) at the Modesto Relays on May 27, 1961.

 Athletic career 
Boston qualified for the Summer Olympics in Rome, where he won the gold medal in the long jump, setting the Olympic record at 8.12 m (26 ft 7+1⁄2 in), while narrowly defeating American teammate Bo Roberson by a mere centimeter.Boston won the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) national championship in the long jump six times in a row from 1961 to 1966. He also had the longest triple jump for an American in 1963. He returned to the Tokyo Olympics as the world record holder after losing the record to Igor Ter-Ovanesyan, then regaining the record a couple of months before the games, first in Kingston, Jamaica and improving it at the 1964 Olympic Trials. In the Olympic final, Boston exchanged the lead with Ter-Ovanesyan. Going into the fifth round, Boston was leading but fouled while both Lynn Davies and Ter-Ovanesyan jumped past him. On his final jump, he was able to jump past Ter-Ovanesyan, but could not catch Davies and ended winning the silver medal.Boston's final record improvement to 8.35 m was again at the 1965 Modesto Relays.  It was tied at altitude by Ter-Ovanesyan in 1967. In 1967, he lost the national title to Jerry Proctor. When rival Bob Beamon was suspended from the University of Texas at El Paso, for refusing to compete against Brigham Young University, alleging it had racist policies, Boston began to coach him unofficially. Beamon took the 1968 National Championships. At the 1968 Olympics, Boston watched his pupil obliterate the tied world record by jumping 8.90 m (29 ft 2+1⁄4 in). Boston was then 29 years old. He won a bronze medal behind Beamon and Klaus Beer and retired from competitions shortly thereafter. He moved to Knoxville, Tennessee, and worked for the University of Tennessee as Coordinator of Minority Affairs and Assistant Dean of Students from 1968 to 1975. He was the field event reporter for the CBS Sports Spectacular coverage of domestic track and field events.  He was inducted into the USA Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1974 and into the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Hall of Fame in 1985.

 Later years 
Boston participated in the raising of the Olympic flag for the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, and by 1997, Boston had moved into Peachtree City, Georgia.A Los Angeles Times article on Boston from August 2, 2010, coinciding roughly with the 50th anniversary of his initial world record, described him as a divorced great-grandfather who was writing an autobiography. He split his time between Atlanta, Georgia and Knoxville.Boston died of complications from a stroke at his home in Peachtree City on April 30, 2023, at the age of 83.

 References 

 External links 

Ralph Boston at World Athletics
Ralph Boston at the USATF Hall of Fame
Ralph Boston at Olympics.com
Ralph Boston at Olympedia
Ralph Boston at the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee Hall of Fame
Ralph Boston at the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame
Ralph Boston at the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame
Ralph Boston at the Team USA Hall of Fame (archive June 4, 2023)

Joan Benoit
Joan Benoit Samuelson (born May 16, 1957) is an American marathon runner who was the first women's Olympic Games marathon champion, winning the gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. She held the fastest time for an American woman at the Chicago Marathon for 32 years after winning the race in 1985. Her time at the Boston Marathon was the fastest time by an American woman at that race for 28 years. She was inducted into the Maine Women's Hall of Fame in 2000.

 Competitive life and Boston Marathon victories 
Born in Cape Elizabeth, Maine, Benoit took to long-distance running to help recover from a broken leg suffered while slalom skiing. At Bowdoin College she excelled in athletics. In 1977, after two years at Bowdoin, she accepted a running scholarship to North Carolina State, where she began concentrating solely on her running. She earned All-America honors at NC State in both 1977 and 1978, and in 1978 helped lead the Wolfpack to the Atlantic Coast Conference cross-country championship. She won the Broderick Award (Honda Sports Award) as the nation's best female collegiate cross country runner for 1979–80.After returning to Bowdoin to complete her degree, she entered the 1979 Boston Marathon as a relative unknown. She won the race, wearing a Boston Red Sox cap, in 2:35:15, knocking eight minutes off the competition record. In 1981, she captured the U.S. 10,000 meter championship, posting a time of 33:37.50. Despite having surgery on her Achilles tendons two years earlier, she repeated her marathon success with a victory in 1983, setting a course record of 2:22:43. That took more than two minutes off the world's best time, set by Norway's Grete Waitz in the London Marathon only a day earlier. Her Boston record was not broken for another 11 years.

 Olympic success and later life 
In March 1984, Benoit injured her knee during a 20-mile training run, forcing her to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery just 17 days before the United States Olympic Women's Marathon Trials were scheduled. However, she recovered from the surgery much more quickly than expected, and was the favorite in the trials, at Olympia, Washington. She beat runner-up Julie Brown by 30 seconds, winning in 2:31:04. Three months later, she competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, winning the first Olympic Women's Marathon in 2:24:52, several hundred meters ahead of Grete Waitz, Rosa Mota, and Ingrid Kristiansen.Benoit enjoyed success at non-marathon distances as well, winning the prestigious Falmouth Road Race (7.1 miles) a total of six times (1976, 1978, 1981–1983, and 1985), breaking the course record on four of those occasions.
Although she won the 1985 Chicago marathon, defeating Kristiansen and Mota in an American Record time of 2:21:21 (that would last as the AR for 18 years until broken by Deena Kastor in 2003 in London), Benoit was hampered for some years after her Olympic victory by injuries and struggled to compete in major races. She received the 1985 James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States.
Benoit wrote Running Tide (1987) and Running for Women (1995).
In 1998 she founded the Beach to Beacon 10K Road Race, a 10 km (6.2 mi) race held in Cape Elizabeth, Maine, each August, going from Crescent Beach State Park to Fort Williams Park and Portland Head Light. The race attracts many of the world's top distance runners. Elite runners often run this race and then, the following weekend, run the Falmouth Road Race on Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Benoit won that race several times, and ran it last in 2022, finishing as the 69th woman overall and first in her age group.
In 2003, at age 46, Benoit won the Maine half-marathon, defeating a field dominated by runners two decades her junior, and she was faster than all but six men overall, finishing in 1:18. In 2006, she helped pace former cycling champion Lance Armstrong as he competed in the New York City Marathon. At the 2008 US Olympic Team trials, at the age of 50, she finished in 2:49:08, setting a new US 50+ record and beating her personal goal at the time of a mid-2:50s marathon. When she ran the New York City Marathon on November 1, 2009, she broke the Senior Masters record for runners older than 50 with a final time of 2:49:09. On October 10, 2010, she ran 2:47:50 for 43rd place at the Chicago Marathon—the site of her American record a quarter century earlier—missing her goal of qualifying for an eighth Olympic Marathon Team Trials race by 1:50, but recording the fastest-ever performance by a woman over 52. Later that month she ran in the Athens Classic Marathon for fun and finished in 3:02, the slowest time of her career; she was not fully healed from her Chicago performance. In April 2011, Joan competed in the Boston Marathon, completing the course in 2:51:29 and placing 1st in her age group. Between 2013 and 2015, Samuelson ran the Boston Marathon each year, and setting three of the four fastest marathon times for the 55–59 age group.  None are recognised by the World Masters Athletics since the Boston Marathon course does not comply with IAAF regulations.  Her times are 2:50:33 (2013), 2:52:15 (2014), and 2:54:26 (2015).  In 2019, Benoit ran the Boston Marathon again, forty years after her 1979 win. She had hoped to be within 40 minutes of her 1979 time, but did even better than that with a time of 3:04:00, within thirty minutes of her winning time, again winning her age group (60–64).Winning the race four times, Benoit has run the Bix 7 road race in Davenport, Iowa, annually since 1983. A bronze statue of Benoit and Bill Rodgers was erected near the Bix finish line in 2007.Benoit resides in Freeport, Maine, where the high school athletic complex is named the "Joan Benoit Samuelson Track and Field". In addition to her running, as of 2014 she serves as a coach to women's cross-country and long-distance athletes, and is a motivational speaker and sports commentator. She is featured on the Nike+ iPod system as one of the congratulatory voices. Benoit and husband Scott Samuelson have two children, daughter Abby and son Anders, who are runners in their own right, and shared the running of the 2014 Boston Marathon with their mother.Benoit was inducted into the National Distance Running Hall of Fame in 1998, the Maine Women's Hall of Fame in 2000, the National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 2004 and the USATF Masters Hall of Fame in 2014. In 2017, a plaque honoring her was unveiled in the L.A. Memorial Coliseum's Court of Honor.In 2019, on the eve of the 40th anniversary of her first Boston Marathon win, Benoit and her daughter Abby ran together as they had done in previous marathons. Joan recorded a run time of 3:04:00, which was within 40 minutes of her original time which was a promise she had made prior to competing in that year's edition of the Boston Marathon. This allowed her to win her age group (60–64) by nearly nine minutes, but falling short of the overall (3:01:30) fastest time by a woman over 60 in a marathon.

 Marathoning achievements 
All results regarding marathon, unless stated otherwiseAG = Samuelson is credited with winning her age group at the 2013 and 2019 Boston Marathon.  The 2013 race is the fastest marathon by a woman age 55–59 but is not recognised by World Masters Athletics because Boston is not recognised under IAAF regulations as a world record qualifying marathon course.

 References 

 External links 
Joan Benoit-Samuelson at World Athletics 
Joan Benoit at the Team USA Hall of Fame (archive July 20, 2023)
Joan Benoit at Olympics.comJoan Benoit at Olympic.org (archived)
Joan Benoit at Olympedia

Gail Devers
Yolanda Gail Devers ( DEE-vərz; born November 19, 1966) is an American retired track and field sprinter who competed in the 60 metres, 60 m hurdles, 100 m and 100 m hurdles. One of the greatest and most decorated female sprinters of all time, she was the 1993, 1997 and 2004 world indoor champion in the 60 m, while in the 60 m hurdles, she was the 2003 world indoor champion and 2004 silver medalist. In the 100 m, she is the second woman in history to defend an Olympic 100 m title, winning gold at both the 1992 and 1996 Olympics. She was also the 1993 world champion in the event, becoming the first ever female sprinter to simultaneously hold the world and Olympic titles in the 100m. In the 100 m hurdles, she was the 1993, 1995 and 1999 world champion, and the 1991 and 2001 world silver medalist. In 2011, she was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

 Life and career 
Devers was born in Seattle, Washington, and grew up near National City, California, graduating from Sweetwater High School in 1984. Sweetwater's football and track stadium would later be named Gail Devers Stadium. A young talent in the 100 m and 100 m hurdles, Devers was in training for the 1988 Summer Olympics, started experiencing health problems, suffering from among others migraine and vision loss. She qualified for the Olympics 100 m hurdles, in which she was eliminated in the semi-finals, but her health continued to deteriorate.Devers started in 800m in high school and ran a personal best of 2:08.In 1990, she was diagnosed with Graves' disease and underwent radioactive iodine treatment followed by thyroid hormone replacement therapy. During her radiation treatment, Devers began to develop blistering and swelling of her feet.  Eventually, she could barely walk. Devers recovered after the radiation treatment was discontinued, and she resumed training. At the 1991 World Championships, she won a silver medal in the 100 m hurdles.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics, Devers starred. She qualified for the final of the 100 m, which ended in an exciting finish, with five women finishing close (within 0.06 seconds). The photo finish showed Devers had narrowly beaten Jamaican Juliet Cuthbert. In the final of the 100 m hurdles, Devers' lead event, she seemed to be running towards a second gold medal, when she hit the final hurdle and stumbled over the finish line in fifth place, leaving Voula Patoulidou from Greece as the upset winner.
In 1993, Devers won the 1993 World Championships in Athletics 100 m title after – again – a photo finish win over Merlene Ottey in an apparent dead heat, and the 100 m hurdles title. She retained her hurdles title in 1995.
The 100 m final at the 1996 Summer Olympics was an almost exact repeat of the World Championships final three years before. Ottey and Devers again finished in the same time and did not know who had won the race. Again, both were awarded the same time of 10.94 seconds, but Devers was judged to have finished first and became the first woman to retain the Olympic 100 m title since Wyomia Tyus. Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce duplicated the feat in 2012, and Elaine Thompson-Herah in 2021. In the final of her favorite event, Devers again failed, as she finished fourth and outside of the medals. With the 4 × 100 m relay team, Devers won her third Olympic gold medal.
After these Olympics, Devers concentrated on the hurdles event, winning the World Championship again in 1999, but she had to forfeit for the semi-finals at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Devers competed in the 100 m and 100 m hurdles at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, her fifth Olympic Games.Devers left competition in 2005 to give birth to a child with her husband and returned in 2006.
On February 2, 2007, at the age of 40, Devers edged 2004 Olympic champion Joanna Hayes to win the 60 m hurdles event at the Millrose Games in 7.86 seconds – the best time in the world that season and just 0.12 off the record she set in 2003. Furthermore, the time bettered the listed World Record for a 40-year-old by almost 7 tenths of a second.During her career, Devers was notable for having exceptionally long, heavily decorated fingernails.  One of the fastest starters in the world, Devers even had to alter her starting position to accommodate her long nails.  Her long nails came as the result of a contest her father devised to get her to stop biting her nails as a child.

 Achievements and recognition 
In 2011, she was elected into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.  The following year she was elected into the United States Olympic Hall of Fame. In November 2012, Devers was announced as a 2013 recipient of the NCAA Silver Anniversary Award, presented annually to six distinguished former college student-athletes on the 25th anniversary of the end of their college sports careers.

 References 

 External links 
Gail Devers at World Athletics 
Gail Devers at the USATF Hall of Fame
Gail Devers at the Team USA Hall of Fame (archive July 20, 2023)
Gail Devers at Olympics.com 
Gail Devers at Olympedia 
Gail Devers' struggle with Graves' disease is featured in the 1996 television movie, "Run for the Dream: The Gail Devers Story" starring Charlayne Woodard as Gail Devers and Louis Gossett Jr. as Gail's coach Bob Kersee.

Mary Decker
Mary Teresa Slaney (formerly Tabb, née Decker, born August 4, 1958) is an American retired middle-distance runner. During her career, she won gold medals in the 1500 meters and 3000 meters at the 1983 World Championships and was the world-record holder in the mile, 5000 meters and 10,000 meters. In total, she set 17 official and unofficial world records, and she was the first woman to break 4:20 for the mile. She also set 36 U.S. national records at distances ranging from 800 meters to 10,000 meters, and has held the U.S. record in the 2000 meters and 3000 meters since the early 1980s, while her 1500 meters record stood for 32 years and her mile record stood for 38 years. In 2003, she was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

 Early life 
Decker was born in Bunnvale, New Jersey. A decade later, her family moved to Garden Grove in Southern California, where Decker started running. A year later at the age of 11, she won her first local competition.She joined her school athletics club and a local track club and completely immersed herself in running. At age 12, she completed a marathon and four middle- and long-distance races in one week, ending the week with an appendectomy operation.

 Career 
In her early teens, Decker was already recognized as a world-class runner. Unable to attend the 1972 Olympics as she was too young at 14, Decker, who ran wearing pigtails and at the weight of 89 lb (40 kg), won international acclaim in 1973 with a win in the 800 meters at a U.S.-USSR meet in Minsk, beating the reigning Olympic silver medalist Nijolė Sabaitė.By the end of 1972, Decker was ranked first in the United States and fourth in the world in the 800 meters. In 1973, she set her first world record, running an indoor mile in 4:40.1. By 1974, Decker was the world indoor record holder with 2:02.4 for 880 yards, and 2:01.8 for 800 meters.
By the end of 1974, Decker had developed a case of the muscle condition compartment syndrome. This resulted in a series of injuries that prevented her from competing in the 1976 Summer Olympics because of stress fractures in her lower leg. In 1978, she underwent an operation to address her compartment syndrome, which kept her out of competition for a period. After recovering from surgery, she spent two seasons at the University of Colorado at Boulder on a track scholarship. In 1979, she became the second American woman (the first was Francie Larrieu) to break the 4:30 mile. Decker was the first woman to break the 4:20 barrier for the mile in 1980 when she ran it in 4:17.55. However, this time was never ratified by the IAAF. Decker did not compete at the 1980 Moscow Summer Olympics because of the American boycott. However, she received one of 461 Congressional Gold Medals created especially for the American athletes.In 1981, Decker married fellow American distance runner Ron Tabb. The couple divorced in 1983. In 1982, under the name Mary Tabb, she ran the mile in 4:18.08, breaking the official record of 4:20.89 by the Lyudmila Veselkova of the USSR, and this time was ratified.

 Career peak 
In 1982 Decker-Tabb set six world records at distances ranging from the mile run to 10,000 meters. She received the James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States.
The following year she achieved the "Double Decker," winning both the 1500 meters and 3000 meters events at the World Championships in Helsinki, Finland. Her history of relatively easy wins in the United States left her tactical abilities suspect in Helsinki, as she chose not to run in close order because so few athletes could keep up with her, a situation that the Soviet runners hoped to use to their advantage. Her wins against Soviet World Record holders proved a redemption of her competitive guile. After her double win she won the Jesse Owens Award from USA Track and Field and Sports Illustrated magazine named her Sportsperson of the Year. Shortly before her World Championship victories, Decker improved her U.S. 1500 meters record to 3:57.12 in Stockholm on July 26, 1983. This record stood for 32 years until Shannon Rowbury ran 3:56.29 on July 17, 2015.

 The 1984 Olympic incident 
Decker was heavily favored to win a gold medal in the 3000 meters run at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. In the final, barefoot runner Zola Budd, representing Great Britain, had been running even with Decker for three laps and then moved ahead. In an attempt to place pressure on Budd, Decker remained close by in a crowded space. However, Decker collided with Budd and fell to the curb, injuring her hip, and she did not finish the race, which was won by Maricica Puică of Romania (Budd finished seventh). Decker was carried from the track in tears by her boyfriend (and later husband), British discus thrower Richard Slaney. At a press conference, she pinned the blame for the collision on Budd. While it is generally the trailing runner's responsibility to avoid contact with the runner ahead, it is also an accepted convention among most distance runners that the leader should be at least one full stride ahead before the trailing runner moves directly behind her. International track officials initially disqualified Budd for obstruction, but she was reinstated just one hour later after officials viewed films of the race. Despite the fact that she had been running behind Budd, Decker's claim that Budd had bumped into her leg was supported by a number of sports journalists. The claim was not accepted by the director of the games or by the IAAF.Decker and Budd next met in July 1985 for a 3000-meter race at Crystal Palace National Sports Centre in London. Decker won the race, and Budd finished in fourth place. After the race, the women shook hands and reconciled. Decker later claimed that she was robbed of the 1984 Olympics 3000-meter gold medal by Budd, but many years after the event said: "The reason I fell, some people think she tripped me deliberately. I happen to know that wasn't the case at all. The reason I fell is because I am and was very inexperienced in running in a pack."Decker had a successful 1985 season, winning 12-mile and 3000-meter races in Europe, including a new official world record for the women's mile of 4:16.71 in Zurich (Natalya Artyomova's 4:15.8 in 1984 was not ratified by the IAAF), a race in which she beat both Budd and Puică. Since that race in 1985, Decker's time has only been bettered four times.
Decker missed the 1986 season to give birth to her only child, daughter Ashley Lynn (born May 30, 1986) and then missed the 1987 season because of injury. She qualified for the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, competing at 1500 meters and 3000 meters, but finished in 8th and 10th respectively, failing to win a medal. She did not qualify for the 1992 Summer Olympics.

 Doping controversy 
In 1996, at the age of 37, as she qualified for the 5000 meters at the Atlanta Olympics, a urine test taken in June at the Olympic trials showed a testosterone to epitestosterone (T/E) ratio greater than the allowable maximum of 6:1. At the time of the positive test, Decker was being coached by Alberto Salazar.Decker and her lawyers contended that the T/E ratio test is unreliable for women, especially women in their late 30s or older who take birth-control pills. In the meantime, Decker was eliminated in the heats at the Olympics.In June 1997, the IAAF banned Decker from competition. In September 1999, a USATF panel reinstated her. The IAAF cleared her to compete but took the case to arbitration. In April 1999, the arbitration panel ruled against Decker, and although she was cleared to compete, the IAAF instituted a retroactive ban that stripped her of the silver medal that she had won in the 1500-meter race at the 1997 World Indoor Championships.In April 1999, Decker filed suit against both the IAAF and the U.S. Olympic Committee that had administered the test, arguing that the test is flawed and cannot distinguish between androgens caused by the use of banned substances and those resulting from the use of birth-control pills. The court ruled that it had no jurisdiction, and the decision was upheld on appeal.The T/E test threshold has since been tightened to a 4:1 ratio, and laboratories now also run a carbon isotope ratio test (CIR) if the T/E ratio is unusually high.

 Later life 
Throughout her later career, Decker had suffered a series of stress-induced fractures. After the loss of her 1999 legal case, she underwent more than 30 orthopedic procedures, mainly on her legs and feet, in an attempt to enable her to run competitively in marathons. However, after the surgeries, she continued to experience injuries. As a result, she retired with her husband to a 55-acre (22 ha) property in Eugene, Oregon, where she jogs every other day.

 International competitions 

 See also 
List of sportspeople sanctioned for doping offences

 References 

 External links 
California State Records before 2000
Mary Decker at World Athletics 
Mary Decker at Olympedia

Nikki Hiltz
Nikki Hiltz (born October 23, 1994) is a mid-distance runner from Aptos, California. Hiltz attended Aptos High School, where, in 2012, they won the CIF California State Championship in the 1600 meters. Hiltz is a 6-time NCAA Division I All-American. Hiltz is openly gay and came out as transgender and nonbinary on International Transgender Day of Visibility, March 31, 2021. They were assigned female at birth and compete in the Women's division.

 High school 
Hiltz won 6 California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) Central Coast Section titles while attending Aptos High School and competing in the women's division.
Their 6 titles: [2011 — 1600 m (4:51.94), 800 m (2:12.65)] [2012 — 1600 m (4:51.89), 800 m (2:10.10)] [2013 — 1600 m (4:44.93), 800 m (2:09.50)]
While attending Aptos Middle School, Hiltz ran a 400 m in 1:07.41 (2009), an 800 m in 2:51.54 (2008), a high jump of 1.37 m (2009), and long jump of 3.94 m (2008).

 High school personal bests (Women's Division) 

 University (Oregon / Arkansas) 
Hiltz is a 6 time NCAA Division I All-American. They began their college career at Oregon in 2014 before transferring to Arkansas in 2016.
At the 2015 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships Hiltz finished in 8th place with a time of 4:38.47 in the mile for the Oregon Ducks.
Hiltz was a 2015 NCAA Division 1 & Pac-12 Conference Track and Field Team Champion as a member of the Oregon Ducks at the 2015 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships.After the 2015 season, Hiltz transferred to Arkansas. In 2016 Hiltz, along with Arkansas Razorbacks teammates Daina Harper, Therese Haiss and Jessica Kamilos, placed 5th in the DMR (Distance Medley Relay) with a time of 10:59.22 at the 2016 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships.Hiltz placed 6th in the mile, finishing with a time of 4:34.57 at the 2017 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships.
In 2018, Hiltz earned First Team NCAA Division I All-America honors in the 1500m Outdoors at the 2018 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships for the Arkansas Razorbacks. They also placed 3rd in the mile at the 2018 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships.

 University personal bests 

 Professional 

 2018 
In 2018, Hiltz signed with Adidas and trained with The Mission Athletics Club, now known as The Golden Coast Track Club based in California after running a 1500 m time ranked in the top 100 in the world. In January of the same year they ran a then-personal best 2:05.16 in the 800 m. Later in the year Hiltz ran the Aetna Falmouth Mile placing 4th in 4:32.29. They followed up with a 5th-place finish at the Memphis Ed Murphey Mile with a time of 4:32.59. They also ran the Bay Shore Hoka One Long Island Mile placing 12th in 4:39.23. Hiltz ranked 92nd in the world in the 1500 m with a personal best of 4:09.14.

 2019 
Hiltz ran an indoor 3000 m (9:04.32) at the JDL Fast Track Invitational, won the indoor mile (4:31.42) at the Husky Classic, and at the 2019 USA Track & Field Indoor Championships placed 5th in the mile (4:32.40) and 15th in the 2 mile (9:55.50).
Hiltz won the 800 m (2:01.37) at the 2019 Bryan Clay Invitational, won the 1500 m (4:07.71) at the 2019 USATF Distance Classic, runner-up in the 1500 m (4:05.56) at 2019 Portland Track Festival, won the 800 m (2:02.93) at the 2019 Adrian Martinez Classic, won the 1500 m (4:05.97) at the 2019 Sunset Tour. They also placed 3rd in the 1500 m (4:03.55) at the 2019 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. Hiltz ranked 19th in the world in the 1500 m with a personal best of 4:01.52 in the semi-finals of the 2019 World Athletics Championships.

 2020 
Hiltz ran the mile at the Millrose Games in 4:24.45, splitting a 1500 m time of 4:07.09 and placing 5th with an indoor personal best.

 Race director 
In 2020, Hiltz organized Virtual Pride 5k races and donated proceeds to the Trevor Project, a non-profit organization founded in 1998 focused on suicide prevention efforts among LGBTQ youth. Thousands of people supported the race.

 2021 
In New York, Hiltz competed in the 1500 m at New Balance Indoor Grand Prix.

 2022 
In the summer of 2022, no longer sponsored by Adidas, Hiltz announced that they had signed with LuluLemon. On September 11, Hiltz finished second in the 2022 New Balance New York Road Runners Fifth Avenue Mile in 4:17.4 behind winner Laura Muir.

 2023 
Nikki Hiltz won their first outdoor USATF Outdoor National Championship title in the 1500 in 4:03.10, moving from 3rd to 1st in the last 300m.  On July 21, 2023, Hiltz finished 6th in the mile at the Monaco Diamond League in a time of 4:16.35, a personal best, North American Area Record and an American Record.

 Personal bests 

 Competition record 

 International competitions 

 Domestic competitions 

 References 

 External links 
Nikki Hiltz's Aptos High School results
Nikki Hiltz – University of Oregon profile at TFRRS
Nikki Hiltz – University of Arkansas profile at TFRRS
Nikki Hiltz's University of Arkansas official Track profile
Nikki Hiltz at World Athletics 
Nikki Hiltz on Twitter

NWA World Women's Tag Team Championship
The NWA Women's World Tag Team Championship is a women's professional wrestling tag team championship defended in member promotions of the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).

 History 
From the early 1950s through 1983, it was the first women's world tag team championship in professional wrestling and was initially referred to simply as the Women's World Tag Team Championship, before briefly adopting the NWA prefix. The championship was later acquired by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) in 1983 when the WWF, once a member of the NWA, bought the rights to the championship from The Fabulous Moolah and continued to use the belts. This ended the lineage of the NWA title and began a new one for the WWF Women's Tag Team Championship.On July 16, 2021, Mickie James, the producer of NWA EmPowerrr, announced the revival of the championship by the NWA, where the winners would be crowned at the EmPowerrr pay-per-view on August 28. At the event, The Hex (Allysin Kay and Marti Belle) won the revived titles after defeating the team of Red Velvet and KiLynn King in the tournament final.

 Reigns 

 Names 

 Combined reigns 
As of February 7, 2024.

 By team 

 By wrestler 

 Notes 

 See also 
WWF Women's Tag Team Championship
WWE Women's Tag Team Championship
Women's World Tag Team Championship

 Footnotes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website
NWA World Women's Tag Team Championship on Facebook

Ke Huy Quan
Ke Huy Quan (born August 20, 1971), also known as Jonathan Ke Quan (), is an American actor. As a child actor, Quan rose to fame playing Short Round in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (1984) and Data in The Goonies (1985). Following a few roles in the 1990s, he took a 19-year acting hiatus, during which he worked as a stunt choreographer and assistant director. 
Quan returned to acting with the family adventure Finding ʻOhana (2021), followed by the critically acclaimed Everything Everywhere All at Once (2022), a performance that won him various accolades, including an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Quan is one of two actors of Asian descent to win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, and the first Vietnam-born actor to win an Academy Award. Time magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2023. He has since starred in the second season of the Disney+ series Loki in 2023.

 Early life 
Quan Kế Huy was born on August 20, 1971, in Saigon, South Vietnam. He was born into a family of Chinese descent with eight siblings. In 1975, the North Vietnamese occupied the South and took control of Vietnam; three years later, Quan fled from Vietnam with his family. He, along with his father and five siblings, fled to Hong Kong, while Quan's mother and three other siblings went to Malaysia. After staying at a refugee camp in Hong Kong, Quan's entire family was admitted to the United States as part of the Refugee Admissions Program in 1979. In the U.S., Quan grew up in California, where he attended the Mount Gleason Junior High School in Sunland-Tujunga, Los Angeles and Alhambra High School in Alhambra.

 Career 

 Child stardom and film production 
Quan became a child actor at age 12, starring as Harrison Ford's sidekick Short Round in the Steven Spielberg film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom in 1984. The casting director auditioned a number of children at Castelar Elementary School, including Quan's younger brother. He described the role as "one of the happiest times of my life". For his performance, he was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Performance by a Younger Actor. In 1985, Quan co-starred in The Goonies as a member of the eponymous group of children, the inventor Richard "Data" Wang. He played a pickpocket orphan in the 1986 Taiwanese movie It Takes a Thief. In 1987, he appeared in the Japanese movie Passengers (Passenjā Sugisarishi Hibi) with the Japanese idol singer Honda Minako. He played Sam on the short-lived TV series Together We Stand (1986–1987) and played Jasper Kwong in the sitcom Head of the Class from 1990 to 1991. In 1991 he starred in the movie Breathing Fire, and had a small role in Encino Man the following year. He played the starring role in the 1993 Mandarin-language Taiwan TV show Eunuch & Carpenter, which ran for forty episodes. He also starred in the 1996 Hong Kong-Vietnam co-production Red Pirate. He studied Taekwondo under Philip Tan on the set of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and later trained under Tao-liang Tan.As an adult, Quan found it difficult to find acting work in the United States. He eventually quit acting and enrolled in the film program at University of Southern California. During his time there, he edited a comedy horror short film titled Voodoo alongside fellow student Gregg Bishop, who directed the film. Voodoo won the Audience Award at the 2000 Slamdance Film Festival, and continues to be shown to USC students to this day. After graduating from USC, Quan was asked by Corey Yuen to go to Toronto, Ontario, to help choreograph fighting sequences in X-Men (2000). For the next decade, he worked behind the scenes on various productions in Asia and the United States. He again helped Yuen as a stunt choreographer for The One (2001). Quan worked as assistant director on Wong Kar-wai's 2046 (2004).

 Return to acting and upcoming projects 
Quan was inspired to return to acting following the success of Crazy Rich Asians in 2018. That same year, the filmmaking duo Daniels began casting for their film Everything Everywhere All at Once. They struggled to cast an actor in the role of Waymond Wang, a character who would appear in three different incarnations of the film. Co-director Daniel Kwan stumbled upon Quan on Twitter. Two weeks after getting a talent agent, the actor received a call to audition for the film. In January 2020, Quan was announced as a cast member of Everything Everywhere All at Once. The film was released in March 2022 to overwhelming acclaim, with Quan's performance receiving near unanimous praise and media attention, eventually leading to him winning a Golden Globe, a Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award for his role. The Screen Actors Guild Award win made him the first Asian man to win any individual category at the Screen Actors Guild Awards, with his win of the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role. He was the first Vietnamese-American actor to be nominated in that category. Quan is one of two actors of Asian descent to win an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, the other being Haing S. Ngor in 1985, and is the first Vietnam-born actor to win an Academy Award. Everything Everywhere All at Once is also the most awarded film of all time.
In 2019 he was cast in a supporting role in the Netflix film Finding ʻOhana, released in 2021. Quan approached director Jude Weng after overhearing her describing the film as The Goonies meets Indiana Jones, in both of which Quan had appeared. In February 2022, it was announced that he had joined the cast of the TV adaptation of American Born Chinese for Disney+, which was subsequently released in May 2023. In September 2022, Quan was announced to have joined the cast for the second season of the Marvel Cinematic Universe series Loki for Disney+, which premiered on October 6, 2023. For his performance he received a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series nomination. In June 2023, it was announced that he had been invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences as an actor. On December 12, 2023, he joined the voice cast for Kung Fu Panda 4.

 Personal life 
Quan is of Han Chinese ancestry from the Hoa ethnic minority group of Vietnam. He is fluent in English, Vietnamese, Cantonese, and Mandarin. Quan is married to Echo Quan, who served as the on-set translator for Everything Everywhere All at Once, and resides in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles. Quan holds a second-degree black belt in taekwondo; he  started taking classes after learning from a taekwondo instructor for his role in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. He remains close friends with his Goonies co-star Jeff Cohen, who is also Quan's entertainment lawyer and helped Quan negotiate his contract to star in Everything Everywhere All at Once.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Other credits 

 Television 

 Awards and nominations 

In 2023, Quan won a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award, for Best Supporting Actor, for his role in Everything Everywhere All at Once (2022). He was the first Asian man to win any individual category at the Screen Actors Guild Awards for the same role, as well as the first Vietnamese-American actor to be nominated in the supporting category.

 See also 
Asian Americans in arts and entertainment
List of Asian Academy Award winners and nominees

 References 

 Bibliography 
Holmstrom, John. The Moving Picture Boy: An International Encyclopaedia from 1895 to 1995. Norwich, Michael Russell, 1996, p. 387.

 External links 

Ke Huy Quan at IMDb
Ke Huy Quan on Instagram

Daily Mountain Eagle
The Daily Mountain Eagle is a daily newspaper servicing the Jasper, Alabama area. The paper is owned by Paxton Media Group and operated locally. It is the closest daily newspaper that provides information to the locals in the immediate area, after The Birmingham News ceased publishing and converted to digital-only. While the newspaper focuses on local news, it also reports on national and international matters.

 History 
The Daily Mountain Eagle was initially founded in 1872 under the name Mountain Eagle, and published weekly. J.F. Anthony  bought a press in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. in 1872 to start a newspaper in Jasper, former editor Michael D. Anderson, Sr. said. Anthony was told  “Man, you’re going to need an eagle to deliver newspapers in those mountains.” According to another former editor Skip Tucker, the name derived from a joke the mule driver who delivered its first press—that "only an eagle could deliver the news." In 1960, after a merger of The Walker County Times, The Jasper Advertiser, and The Mountain Eagle, the newspaper was renamed as the Daily Mountain Eagle and changed to daily publication.Prior to March 2016, the Twitter handle "Dailymtneagle" operated as an anonymous impostor site, but the operator shut it down, reportedly to avoid being outed. He outed himself in a column soon after.James Phillips, a native of Walker County, Alabama and a 20 year news veteran, was named publisher of the Daily Mountain Eagle in April 2016.The last edition of The Daily Mountain Eagle to be printed in the local pressroom in Jasper, Alabama was published on Friday September 16. 2022. After that edition, the printing of subsequent editions occur "off-site" at The Daily Corinthian facility in Corinth, Mississippi, which is also owned by Paxton. This move led to a significant reduction of employees at the local facility of the newspaper in Jasper, Alabama.

 References 

 External links 
Daily Mountain Eagle Home page
People and things from the Walker County, Alabama mountain eagle, a series of books republishing clippings from archived copies of the newspaper

Pork Chop Gang
The Pork Chop Gang was a group of 20 Democratic Party legislators from rural areas of North Florida who worked together to dominate the Florida legislature, especially to maintain segregation and conserve the disproportionate political power of mostly rural northern Florida. The origins of the name are obscure, referring either to a purported divide in the state's cuisine (pork supposedly being preferred in the north and lamb being preferred in the south) or to the legislative pork that the members of the Gang were allegedly awarding themselves. They were active primarily from the 1930s to the 1960s, although the final "nail in their coffin" was in 1977. The spokesperson was Senator Charley Johns. They "had become unusually powerful in the 1950s because the legislative districts of the state had not been redrawn to account for the massive growth of urban areas in earlier years." The key figure in the group, coordinating their activities, although not a legislator, was industrialist Ed Ball. Their favorite haunt was the fish camp of legislator Raeburn C. Horne, at Nutall Rise, in Taylor County on the Aucilla River. The group targeted communists and homosexuals.

 Membership 
The following legislators were members of the Pork Chop Gang in 1956, according to the captions on a photo of them in the state archives of Florida:
Their public spokesman was Florida Senate President Charley Eugene Johns from Starke. The coalition supported racial segregation (which was practiced at Ball's St. Joe Paper Company, as it was at most companies in Florida at the time).

 Activities 
For nine years, the Pork Chop Gang, having failed in its investigation of alleged communism in the NAACP, devoted its efforts to identifying homosexuals in Florida universities and schools. "By 1963, more than 39 college professors and deans had been dismissed from their positions at the three state universities, and 71 teaching certificates were revoked." See Homosexuality and Citizenship in Florida, a report prepared by the Florida Legislative Investigation Committee, popularly called the Johns Committee, since it was Johns' legislative project (to get the committee set up) and he was its chair.
Their downfall was the Constitution of 1968, which ended decades of misapportionment that favored rural north Florida over more populated central and south Florida, and eliminated mandatory school segregation. However, it took a new state constitution to get them out.Professor Judith Poucher called the Johns Committee "Florida's version of McCarthyism".

 See also 
Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission

 References 

 Further reading 
Schnur, James A. "Cold Warriors in the Hot Sunshine: USF and the Johns Committee" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on February 6, 2018. Retrieved February 4, 2018.

Ontario Academic Credit
The Ontario Academic Credit (OAC) (which may also be known as 12b) (French: Cours préuniversitaire de l'Ontario or CPO) was a fifth year of secondary school education that previously existed in the province of Ontario, Canada, designed for students preparing for post-secondary education. The OAC curriculum was codified by the Ontario Ministry of Education in Ontario Schools: Intermediate and Senior (OS:IS) and its revisions. The Ontario education system had a final fifth year of secondary education, known as Grade 13 from 1921 to 1988; grade 13 was replaced by OAC for students starting high school (grade 9) in 1984. OAC continued to act as a fifth year of secondary education until it was phased out in 2003.

 History 
The fifth year in the Ontario secondary school system had existed in Ontario for 82 years, from 1921 to 2003, first as Grade 13 and then as the Ontario Academic Credit. The first attempt to reform the education system in Ontario was initiated in 1945, with the Royal Commission on Education, which proposed a three-tiered education system with six years of elementary education, followed by four years of secondary education, and culminating in three years of junior colleges. However, the commission's report was shelved after five years, in part because of its potential to reopen the politically-sensitive issue of separate school funding and also because of the Minister of Education's prior interference in curriculum redesign a year earlier.The threat to the fifth year of secondary school education in Ontario grew significantly during the 1960s, with growing opposition to the grade 13 departmental examinations from parents. That led to the establishment of the Grade 13 Study Committee in 1964 by Education Minister Bill Davis, which recommended the elimination of both the departmental examinations and grade 13. A subsequent recommendation in 1968, in the Hall-Dennis Report, also called for the elimination of grade 13. In spite of the recommendations, however, grade 13 was maintained by the Ontario government.Significant opposition from parents, businesses, and universities regarding the education reforms had surfaced by the 1970s, and they believed there was a decline in academic standards, a lack of focus in the curriculum, and lax discipline in schools. Combined with financially-pressured school boards beginning to call for the abolition of grade 13 as a means of financial restraint, that resulted in the government reevaluating its secondary education system. The resulting document was the Ontario Schools: Intermediate and Senior (OS:IS), which had called for the formal elimination of grade 13 without formally eliminating the fifth year of secondary education. Acting upon the recommendations of the document, Ontario formally eliminated grade 13 in 1984, and introduced the Ontario Academic Credit system. The new system allowed for students to graduate from secondary schools in four years but also maintaining the fifth year, known as OAC, which had courses catering for students planning to proceed with post-secondary education. Despite the fact that students could graduate from the secondary school system in four years, a fifth year of secondary education continued to persist in Ontario, with fewer than 15 percent of students exercising the option to graduate in four years; reports stated that between 20 percent and 25 percent of students chose to repeat one or more OAC years.
Another Royal Commission on Learning, set up in 1995 by the 35th Legislative Assembly of Ontario provincial government, had recommended the elimination of OAC. The incoming 36th Legislative Assembly of Ontario provincial government acted upon the recommendations of the commission in 1998, but students still in the five-year system would continue in the OAC system until they graduated. The motivation for phasing out OAC was largely thought of as a cost-saving measure by the Progressive Conservatives that would bring Ontario into line with the rest of the provinces. The reforms led to a new, standardized curriculum documented in Ontario Secondary Schools, Grades 9 to 12: Program and Diploma Requirements (OSS). The OAC year was replaced with an extra ten days of schooling in each lower grade, and the material was integrated into the earlier years of education. The last graduating class of OAC was in 2003.

 Course load 
There were two high school diplomas in Ontario, the Secondary School Graduation Diploma (SSGD) which was awarded after Grade 12 and the Secondary School Honours Graduation Diploma (SSHGD) awarded after Grade 13. This practice ended with the replacement of both diplomas in 1988 with the Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) under OS:IS. OS:IS more formally allowed for the completion of schooling after only 12 grades. Under OS:IS, OAC year was the final year of high school in Ontario.
OAC courses were the highest level courses in Ontario high schools until the formal elimination of the Ontario Academic Credit.  To enter university, students were required to complete 30 high school credits (courses can have different credit values, but most courses were worth 1 credit; some courses were compulsory and there were other restrictions), 6 of which had to be at the OAC level. Assuming that one had taken the necessary prerequisite courses, one could complete an OAC course before the OAC year, and so in many schools it was common for Grade 11 or Grade 12 students to have taken some OAC courses. Students who completed these requirements in 4 years of high school were permitted to graduate; this practice was known as fast-tracking, finishing Grade 12 in four years with 30 credits if the student was college bound. Under the old Grade 13 system, the SSGD represented 27 credits and the SSHGD usually represented 33 credits (however, as long as you could pass the 6 credits required for an SSHGD, the Ontario school system was required to award the OSSHGD, even if you had less than 33 credits overall).  A minority of students completed the old program in four years by completing eight credits per year and one summer school credit (usually Grade 12 mathematics, as each maths course had the previous year as prerequisite).
Students with an average of 80 percent or higher in six OAC courses were named Ontario Scholar. The award continues to exist today, although it requires the student to have 80 percent or higher in six grade 12 courses.

 Consequences of elimination 
The elimination of the fifth year of high school education in Ontario  led to a number of consequences, most notably the double cohorts in 2003, in which an unusually high proportion of students graduated in Ontario. Since the elimination of OAC, some have noted that a greater proportion of students have entered post-secondary education. However, in a paper published by Harry Krashinsky of the University of Toronto, the author found that the elimination of OAC had a large and negative impact on academic performance in university.

 Double cohorts 
The elimination of OAC  led to a spike in more than 100,000 students graduating in 2003, with the last OAC (OS:IS) class and the first Grade 12 (OSS) class graduating in the same year. This  strained many Ontario post-secondary institutions, as the spike in students forced the institutions to either construct or rent new buildings for student housing. With the increase in students entering post-secondary education, the provincial government  set aside additional funding for colleges and universities to build more infrastructure such as residences and classrooms. They also had to provide more resources such as upgrading libraries, adding more study areas, creating new programs, and hiring additional professors and teaching assistants. For those who were unable to enter post-secondary institutions, the provincial government allocated more funding for the apprentice program. The spike in students graduating in 2003 had also led to more competitive admission standards in most Ontario universities along with arbitrarily short-lived higher standards to graduate from universities. Some students under OS:IS who feared that they might not be able to gain admission to the university of their choice as a result of the double cohort decided to fast-track to graduate before 2003; as well, some students under OSS decided to take an extra year of high school to graduate in 2004 or delayed application to post-secondary institutions. Double-cohort students who chose the latter options in their turn affected those in the year after them, creating a ripple effect. A higher-than-typical number of withdrawals from group education fund investments to pay for post-secondary expenses resulted in lower payout per individual in the double cohort year. In June 2007, a cascade double-cohort effect occurred at universities and the job market, as double cohort students who were finishing their undergraduate studies in April competed for graduate spaces in universities or employment in the job market.

 Drinking age 
The elimination of OAC resulted in the majority of incoming first-year students in Ontario universities to drop from 19 to 18 years of age. This created a legal liability to universities as the majority of first-year students were now below the legal drinking age (it is 19 in Ontario). This has forced the universities to eliminate or police many frosh-week events and traditions that allegedly encouraged drinking and has banned the consumption of alcohol at most frosh-week events. Queen's University's Student Orientation Activities Review Board (SOARB) noted in 2005 that

[F]irst-year students seemed to show more desire to drink than those of the past few years. Student drinking, prior to attendance, compromised events at which no alcohol was available... The Board wonders if there is merit to making the evening hours busier to avoid allowing time to "pre-drink" before events.

With a significant minority of students below the legal drinking age, 18-year-olds are legally excluded from many campus events and social activities. The temporal nature of this exclusion and the stress associated with establishing a social network in an unfamiliar environment creates intense pressure for underage students to either find ways to subvert the Ontario drinking laws (by purchasing fake IDs, using real IDs of other people, or drinking in private residences with ill-gotten alcohol) or sacrifice relationships with those of legal drinking age.

 Assessment of elimination 
Patrick Brady and Philip Allingham of Lakehead University have argued that the provincial government's attempt to bring Ontario in line with the rest of the continent's 12 grades system has only been partially successful. While the fifth year of secondary education was formally eliminated, both have noted that the fifth year in secondary schools is still a norm in Ontario, with students in Ontario still opting to take a fifth year in secondary school, colloquially known as the victory lap.In the first few years after OAC had been eliminated, more than 32 percent of students returned for a fifth year. The percentage of students who opt for a fifth year has since decreased between 15 percent to 20 percent, with some predicting it to level out around that level. In the 2007–2008 year, students over the age of 19 made up 3.7 percent of all secondary day school enrolment in Ontario.Both Brady and Allingham note that the motivations behind the victory lap can be traced to the province's history of a fifth year of secondary school education, making it a basic assumption of secondary school life for students in Ontario. They also note that it may represent a form of transition anxiety, as students seek to prolong their secondary education, which can be seen as a safe environment, or to acquire further maturity before moving on to their post-secondary education.  They also note how the centrality of secondary school life can make a student prolong it. While they found it was not a universal phenomenon, they noted a number of students who returned for a fifth year primarily to continue their participation in the school's non-academic programming. In Brady's and Allingham's study, they had also found differences between genders. While close to half of male participants in their study opted to spend a fifth year in secondary schools, only one in five females choose to do so.  They also noted that the motivations of both genders differed, with females opting to victory lap in order to gain additional academic credits, while males primarily opted for a fifth year in order to participate in sports and to gain maturity.

 See also 
Education in Canada
Education in Ontario
CEGEP

 References 

HMS Boxer (1894)
HMS Boxer was an Ardent-class destroyer which served with the Royal Navy, launched on 28 November 1894. She spent several years operating with the Mediterranean Fleet and remained active during the First World War. She was sunk in a collision on 8 February 1918.

 Construction and design 
On 12 October 1893, the British Admiralty placed an order for three torpedo boat destroyers (Ardent, Boxer and Bruizer) with the shipbuilder Thornycroft under the 1893–1894 shipbuilding programme for the Royal Navy as a follow-on to the two prototype destroyers (Daring and Decoy) ordered from Thornycroft under the 1892–1893 programme.The Admiralty did not specify a standard design for destroyers, laying down broad requirements, including a trial speed of 27 knots (31 mph; 50 km/h), a "turtleback" forecastle and  armament, which was to vary depending on whether the ship was to be used in the torpedo boat or gunboat role. As a torpedo boat, the planned armament was a single QF 12 pounder 12 cwt (3 in (76 mm) calibre) gun on a platform on the ship's conning tower (in practice the platform was also used as the ship's bridge), together with a secondary gun armament of three 6-pounder guns, and two 18 inch (450 mm) torpedo tubes. As a gunboat, one of the torpedo tubes could be removed to accommodate a further two six-pounders.Thornycroft's design (known as the Ardent-class) was 201 feet 8 inches (61.47 m) long overall and 201 feet 6 inches (61.42 m) between perpendiculars, with a beam of 19 feet (5.79 m) and a draught of 7 feet 3+1⁄4 inches (2.22 m). Displacement was 245 long tons (249 t) light and 301 long tons (306 t) full load. Three Thornycroft water-tube boilers fed steam to 2 four-cylinder triple-expansion steam engines rated at 4,200 indicated horsepower (3,100 kW). Two funnels were fitted. The ship's complement was 45 officers and men.Boxer was laid down at Thornycroft's Chiswick shipyard, as Yard number 298, in February 1894. The ship was launched on 28 November 1894, with the naming ceremony performed by Miss Joan Thornycroft, daughter of the artist Hamo Thornycroft and niece of the yards founder John Isaac Thornycroft. Boxer underwent sea trials on 25 January 1895, reaching a speed of 29.076 knots (53.849 km/h; 33.460 mph) over the measured mile and 29.175 knots (54.032 km/h; 33.574 mph) over a three-hour run. She was completed in June 1895.

 Service history 
In May 1896 Boxer joined the Mediterranean Squadron, taking part in trials to determine the optimum colour scheme for torpedo craft in order to reduce the chance of being spotted in night attacks. She remained part of the Mediterranean Squadron in 1901. From 1 January 1902 she was commanded by Lieutenant Bertram Owen Frederick Phibbs. She underwent repairs to re-tube her boilers in 1902, following which Lieutenant Phibbs was back in command when she visited Lemnos in August.Boxer moved back to Home waters in 1911, joining the 6th Destroyer Flotilla, a patrol flotilla equipped with older destroyers. On 30 August 1912 the Admiralty directed all destroyers were to be grouped into classes designated by letters based on contract speed and appearance. After 30 September 1913, as a 27-knotter, Boxer  was assigned to the A class. In March 1913 Boxer was a tender to the training establishment Excellent, being listed as in commission, but with a nucleus crew.By June 1915, the First World War had brought a return to active service, with Boxer forming part of the Portsmouth Local Defence Flotilla. Boxer collided with the merchant ship SS St Patrick in the English Channel in bad weather on 8 February 1918, sinking as a result, with the loss of one crewman.

 Notes 

 Citations 

 References 
Brassey, T.A. (1902). The Naval Annual 1902. Portsmouth, UK: J. Griffin and Co.
Chesneau, Roger & Kolesnik, Eugene M., eds. (1979). Conway's All The World's Fighting Ships 1860–1905. London: Conway Maritime Press. ISBN 0-85177-133-5.
Colledge, J. J.; Warlow, Ben (2006) [1969]. Ships of the Royal Navy: The Complete Record of all Fighting Ships of the Royal Navy (Rev. ed.). London: Chatham Publishing. ISBN 978-1-86176-281-8.
Dittmar, F.J.; Colledge, J.J. (1972). British Warships 1914–1919. Shepperton, UK: Ian Allan. ISBN 0-7110-0380-7.
Friedman, Norman (2009). British Destroyers: From Earliest Days to the Second World War. Barnsley, UK: Seaforth Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84832-049-9.
Gardiner, Robert & Gray, Randal, eds. (1985). Conway's All The World's Fighting Ships 1906–1921. London: Conway Maritime Press. ISBN 0-85177-245-5.
Kemp, Paul (1999). The Admiralty Regrets: British Warship Losses of the 20th Century. Stroud, UK: Sutton Publishing. ISBN 0-7509-1567-6.
Lyon, David (2001). The First Destroyers. London: Caxton Editions. ISBN 1-84067-3648.
Manning, T.D. (1961). The British Destroyer. London: Putnam. OCLC 6470051.

 External links 
wrecksite.eu : HMS Boxer

Nataraja
Nataraja (Sanskrit: नटराज, romanized: Naṭarāja Tamil: நடராஜர், romanized: Naṭarājar), also known as Adalvallan (Tamil: ஆடல்வல்லான், romanized: Ādalvallāṉ), is a depiction of Shiva, one of the main deities in Hinduism, as the divine cosmic dancer. His dance is called the tandava. The pose and artwork are described in many Hindu texts such as the Tevaram and Thiruvasagam in Tamil and the Amshumadagama and Uttarakamika agama in Sanskrit and the Grantha texts. The dance murti featured in all major Hindu temples of Shaivism, and is a well-known sculptural symbol in India and popularly used as a symbol of Indian culture, as one of the finest illustrations of Hindu art. This form is also referred to as Kuththan (Tamil: கூத்தன், romanized: Kūththaṉ), Sabesan (Tamil: சபேசன், romanized: Sabēsaṉ), and Ambalavanan (Tamil: அம்பலவாணன், romanized: Ambalavāṇaṉ) in various Tamil texts.The sculpture is symbolic of Shiva as the lord of dance and dramatic arts, with its style and proportions made according to Hindu texts on arts. Tamil devotional texts such as the Tirumurai (The twelve books of Southern Shaivism) state that Nataraja is the form of Shiva in which he performs his functions of creation, destruction, preservation, and is also attributed with maya and the act of blessing his devotees. Thus, Nataraja is considered one of the highest forms of Shiva in Tamil Nadu, and the sculpture or the bronze idol of Nataraja is worshipped in almost all Shiva temples across Tamil Nadu. It typically shows Shiva dancing in one of the Natya Shastra poses, holding various symbols which vary with historic period and region, trampling upon a demon shown as a dwarf (Apasmara or Muyalaka) who symbolizes spiritual ignorance.The classical form of the depiction appears in a pillar of rock cut temple at Seeyamangalam – Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram Temple constructed by a Pallava King Mahendravarman I in 6th century CE, which is known by Archeological Survey of India and Archeological Survey of Tamil Nadu as the oldest known Nataraja sculpture in India. The stone reliefs at the Ellora Caves and the Badami Caves, by around the 6th century, are also among the oldest Nataraja sculptures in India. Ancient Tamil songs during the Bhakti movement written by the four Shaivite saints of Sambandar, Appar, Manikkavacakar, and Sundarar, popularly known as "Nalvar" (The four) extol Nataraja and describes the Nataraja Temple, Chidambaram as the home of Nataraja as the main deity, dating Nataraja worship way before the 7th century CE. Around the 8th to 10th century, statues emerged in Tamil Nadu in its mature and best-known expression in Chola bronzes, of various heights typically less than four feet, some over. Nataraja reliefs have been found in many parts of South East Asia such as Angkor Wat and in Bali, Cambodia, and Central Asia.

 Etymology 
The word Nataraja is a Sanskrit term, from नट Nata meaning "act, drama, dance" and राज Raja meaning "king, lord"; it can be roughly translated as Lord of the dance or King of the dance. According to Ananda Coomaraswamy, the name is related to Shiva's fame as the "Lord of Dancers" or "King of Actors".The form is known as Nataraja in Tamil Nadu and as Narteśvara (also written Nateshwar) or Nṛityeśvara in North India, with all three terms meaning "Lord of the dance". Narteśvara stems from Nṛtta same as Nata which means "act, drama, dance" and Ishvara meaning "lord". Natesa (IAST: Naṭeśa) is another alternate equivalent term for Nataraja found in 1st-millennium sculptures and archeological sites across the Indian subcontinent.In Tamil, he is also known as “Sabesan” (Tamil: சபேசன்) which splits as “Sabayil adum eesan” (Tamil: சபையில் ஆடும் ஈசன்) which means “The Lord who dances on the dais”.  This form is present in most Shiva temples, and is the prime deity in the Nataraja Temple at Chidambaram (Tillai). The dance of Shiva in Chidambaram forms the motif for all the depictions of Shiva as Nataraja. Koothan(ta: கூத்தன், romanized: Kūththaṉ), Sabesan(ta: சபேசன், romanized: Sabēsaṉ), Ambalavanan (ta: அம்பலவாணன், romanized: Ambalavāṇaṉ) are other common names of Nataraja in Tamil texts.

 Depiction 

The two most common forms of Shiva's dance are the Lasya (the gentle form of dance), associated with the creation of the world, and the Ananda Tandava (dance of bliss, the vigorous form of dance), associated with the destruction of weary worldviews—weary perspectives and lifestyles. In essence, the Lasya and the Tandava are just two aspects of Shiva’s nature; for he destroys in order to create, tearing down to build again.According to Alice Boner, the historic Nataraja artworks found in different parts of India are set in geometric patterns and along symmetric lines, particularly the satkona mandala (hexagram) that in the Indian tradition means the interdependence and fusion of masculine and feminine principles.The sculpture is symbolic of Shiva as the lord of dance and dramatic arts, with its style and proportions made according to Hindu texts on arts. It typically shows Shiva dancing in one of the Natya Shastra poses, holding Agni (fire) in his left back hand, the front hand in gajahasta (elephant hand) or dandahasta (stick hand) mudra, the front right hand with a wrapped snake that is in abhaya (fear not) mudra while pointing to a Sutra text, and the back hand holding a musical instrument, usually a Udukai (Tamil: உடுக்கை). His body, fingers, ankles, neck, face, head, ear lobes and dress are shown decorated with symbolic items, which vary with historic period and region. He is surrounded by a ring of flames, standing on a lotus pedestal, lifting his left leg (or in rare cases, the right leg) and balancing / trampling upon a demon shown as a dwarf (Apasmara or Muyalaka) who symbolizes spiritual ignorance. The dynamism of the energetic dance is depicted with the whirling hair which spread out in thin strands as a fan behind his head. The details in the Nataraja artwork have been variously interpreted by Indian scholars since the 12th century for its symbolic meaning and theological essence. Nataraja is a well known sculptural symbol in India and popularly used as a symbol of Indian culture, in particular as one of the finest illustrations of Hindu art.

 Symbolism 
The symbolism has been interpreted in classical Indian Shaiva Siddhanta texts such as Unmai Vilakkam, Mummani Kovai, Tirukuttu Darshana and Tiruvatavurar Puranam, dating from the 12th century CE (Chola empire) and later, and include:
He dances within a circular or cyclically closed arch of flames (prabha mandala), which symbolically represent the cosmic fire that in Hindu cosmology creates everything and consumes everything, in cyclic existence or cycle of life. The fire also represents the evils, dangers, heat, warmth, light and joys of daily life. The arch of fire emerges from two makara (mythical water beasts) on each end.
He looks calm, even through the continuous chain of creation and destruction that maintains the universe, that shows the supreme tranquility of the Atma.
His legs are bent, which suggests an energetic dance. His long, matted tresses, are shown to be loose and flying out in thin strands during the dance, spread into a fan behind his head, because of the wildness and ecstasy of the dance.
On his right side, meshed in with one of the flying strands of his hair near his forehead, is typically the river Ganges personified as a goddess, from the Hindu mythology where the danger of a mighty river is creatively tied to a calm river for the regeneration of life.His headdress often features a human skull (symbol of mortality), a crescent moon and a flower identified as that of the entheogenic plant Datura metel.
Four-armed figures are most typical, but ten-armed forms are also found from various places and periods, for example the Badami Caves and Ankor Wat.
The upper right hand holds a small drum shaped like an hourglass that is called a ḍamaru in Sanskrit. A specific hand gesture (mudra) called ḍamaru-hasta (Sanskrit for "ḍamaru-hand") is used to hold the drum. It symbolizes rhythm and time.
The upper left hand contains Agni or fire, which signifies forces of creation and destruction. The opposing concepts show the counterpoise nature of life.
A cobra uncoils from his lower right forearm, while his palm shows the Abhaya mudra (meaning fearlessness in Sanskrit), suggesting not to fear nearby evil, as well as evil and ignorance surrounding the devotee as he or she follows the righteousness of dharma.
The lower left hand is bent downwards at the wrist with the palm facing inward, we also note that this arm crosses Naṭarāja’s chest, concealing his heart from view. It represents tirodhāna, which means “occlusion, concealment.”
The face shows two eyes plus a slightly open third on the forehead, which symbolize the triune in Shaivism. The eyes represent the sun, the moon and the third has been interpreted as the inner eye, or symbol of knowledge (jnana), urging the viewer to seek the inner wisdom, self-realization. The three eyes alternatively symbolize an equilibrium of the three Guṇas: Sattva, Rajas and Tamas.
The dwarf upon whom Nataraja dances is the demon Apasmara purusha (Muyalaka, as he is known in Tamil), and who symbolises the demonic evil and ignorance over which the sacred dance of Shiva gives victory.
The slightly smiling face of Shiva represents his calmness despite being immersed in the contrasting forces of universe and his energetic dance.Padma Kaimal questions some of these interpretations by referring to a 10th-century text and Nataraja icons, suggesting that the Nataraja statue may have symbolized different things to different people or in different contexts, such as Shiva being the lord of cremation or as an emblem of Chola dynasty. In contrast, Sharada Srinivasan questions the link to Chola, and has presented archaeological evidence suggesting that Nataraja bronzes and dancing Shiva artwork in South India was a Pallava innovation, tracing back to 7th to 9th-centuries, and its symbolism should be pushed back by a few centuries.

 Meaning 
Shiva's dance can be explained as:
First, it is seen as the image of his rhythmic or musical play which is the source of all movement within the universe. This is represented by the circular or elliptical frame surrounding Shiva.
Secondly, the purpose of his dance is to release the souls of all men from the snare of illusion.
Lastly, the place of the dance, Chidambaram, which is portrayed as the center of the universe,  is actually within the heart.Nataraja, states James Lochtefeld, symbolizes "the connection between religion and the arts", and it represents Shiva as the lord of dance, encompassing all "creation, destruction and all things in between". The Nataraja iconography incorporates contrasting elements, a fearless celebration of the joys of dance while being surrounded by fire, untouched by forces of ignorance and evil, signifying a spirituality that transcends all duality. Furthermore, according to Carole and Pasquale, the deity not only tells of the eternal cycles of life (Jiva) from destruction to rebirth, but also a human being should conquer the spiritual ignorance and thrill in self-realization.In the hymn of Manikkavacakar's Thiruvasagam, he testifies that at Nataraja Temple, Chidambaram had, by the pre-Chola period, an abstract or 'cosmic' symbolism linked to five elements (Pancha Bhoota) including ether. Nataraja is a significant visual interpretation of Brahman and a dance posture of Shiva. The details in the Nataraja artwork have attracted commentaries and secondary literature such as poems detailing its theological significance. It is one of the widely studied and supreme illustrations of Hindu art from the medieval era.Srinivasan notes that Nataraja is described as Satcitananda or "Being, Consciousness and Bliss" in the Shaiva Siddhanta text Kunchitangrim Bhaje, resembling the Advaita doctrine, or "abstract monism," of Adi Shankara, "which holds the individual Self (Jīvātman) and supream Self (Paramātmā) to be one," while "an earlier hymn to Nataraja by Manikkavachakar identifies him with the unitary supreme consciousness, by using Tamil word Or Unarve, rather than Sanskrit Chit." This may point to an "osmosis" of ideas in medieval India.

 History 

Stone reliefs depicting the classical form of Nataraja are found in numerous cave temples of India, such  as at the Ellora Caves (Maharashtra), the Elephanta Caves, and the Badami Caves  (Karnataka), by around the 6th century. One of the earliest known Nataraja artworks has been found in the archaeological site at Asanapat village in Odisha, which includes an inscription, and is dated to about the 6th century CE. The Asanapat inscription also mentions a Shiva temple in the Saivacaryas kingdom.
Literary evidences shows that the bronze representation of Shiva's ananda-tandava appeared first in the Pallava period between 7th century and mid-9th centuries CE. Nataraja was worshipped at Chidambaram during the Pallava period with underlying philosophical concepts of cosmic cycles of creation and destruction, which is also found in Tamil saint Manikkavacakar's Thiruvasagam.Archaeological discoveries have yielded a red Nataraja sandstone statue, from 9th to 10th century from Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh, now held at the Gwalior Archaeological Museum. Similarly, Nataraja artwork has been found in archaeological sites in the Himalayan region such as Kashmir, albeit in with somewhat different dance pose and iconography, such as just two arms or with eight arms.Around the 10th century, it emerged in Tamil Nadu in its mature and best-known expression in Chola bronzes, of various heights typically less than four feet, some over. Nataraja reliefs are found in historic settings in many parts of South East Asia such as Ankor Wat, and in Bali, Cambodia, and central Asia. The oldest free-standing stone sculptures of Nataraja were built by Chola queen Sembiyan Mahadevi. Nataraja gained special significance and became a symbol of royalty in Tamil Nadu. The dancing Shiva became a part of Chola era processions and religious festivals, a practice that continued thereafter.The depiction was informed of cosmic or metaphysical connotations is also argued on the basis of the testimony of the hymns of Tamil saints.In medieval era artworks and texts on dancing Shiva found in Nepal, Assam and Bengal, he is sometimes shown as dancing on his vahana (animal vehicle) Nandi, the bull; further, he is regionally known as Narteshvara. Nataraja artwork have also been discovered in Gujarat, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh.
In the contemporary Hindu culture of Bali in Indonesia, Siwa (Shiva) Nataraja is the god who created dance. Siwa and his dance as Nataraja was also celebrated in the art of Java Indonesia when Hinduism thrived there, while in Cambodia he was referred to as Nrittesvara.In 2004, a 2-m statue of the dancing Shiva was unveiled at CERN, the European Center for Research in Particle Physics in Geneva. The statue, symbolizing Shiva's cosmic dance of creation and destruction, was given to CERN by the Indian government to celebrate the research center's long association with India. A special plaque next to the Shiva statue explains the metaphor of Shiva's cosmic dance with quotations from physicist Fritjof Capra:

Hundreds of years ago, Indian artists created visual images of dancing Shivas in a beautiful series of bronzes. In our time, physicists have used the most advanced technology to portray the patterns of the cosmic dance. The metaphor of the cosmic dance thus unifies ancient mythology, religious art and modern physics.
Though named "Nataraja bronzes" in Western literature, the Chola Nataraja artworks are mostly in copper, and a few are in brass, typically cast by the cire-perdue (lost-wax casting) process.Nataraja is celebrated in 108 poses of Bharatanatyam, with Sanskrit inscriptions from Natya Shastra, at the Nataraja temple in Chidambaram, Tamil Nadu, India.According to Ian Crawford, professor of planetary science at University of London, the cosmic dance of Shiva as Nataraja represents particle physics, entropy and the dissolution of the universe.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 In dance and yoga 
In modern yoga as exercise, Natarajasana is a posture resembling Nataraja and named for him in the 20th century. A similar pose appears in the classical Indian dance form Bharatanatyam.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

 Notes 

 Further reading 
Ananda Coomaraswamy (1957). The Dance of Śiva: Fourteen Indian Essays. Sunwise Turn. OCLC 2155403.
Jansen, Eva Rudy (1993). The Book of Hindu Imagery. Havelte, Holland: Binkey Kok Publications BV. ISBN 90-74597-07-6.
Vivek Nanda; George Michell (2004). Chidambaram: Home of Nataraja. Marg Publications. ISBN 978-81-85026-64-0. OCLC 56598256.
C Sivaramamurti (1974). Nataraja in Art, Thought, and Literature. National Museum. ISBN 978-81-230-0092-3. OCLC 1501803.
David Smith (2003). The Dance of Siva: Religion, Art and Poetry in South India. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-52865-8.
Srinivasan, Sharada (2004). "Shiva as 'cosmic dancer': On Pallava origins for the Nataraja bronze". World Archaeology. Vol. 36. The Journal of Modern Craft. pp. 432–450. doi:10.1080/1468936042000282726821. S2CID 26503807.

 External links 

Śiva's Dance: Iconography and Dance Practice in South and Southeast Asia, Alessandra Iyer (2000), Music in Art
Shiva Nataraja Iconography, Freer Sackler Gallery, Smithsonian
Nataraja: India's Cycle of Fire, Stephen Pyne (1994)
Chidambareswarar Nataraja Temple
Nataraja Image Archive

Gold Coast (bar)
Gold Coast was a leather bar for gay men in Chicago that operated from 1958 to 1988. It was one of the first bars created by and for the gay leather community in the United States.

 History 
Established in 1958, it was one of the first openly gay bars in the United States. The bar was originally located at 501 N Clark Street adjacent to Chicago's Gold Coast neighborhood. It was one of several gay businesses owned and operated by Chuck Renslow. The bar's founding led to the establishment of other gay businesses nearby, creating a kind of "gay district" in the area.The bar had a "2 am" liquor license which permitted it to serve alcohol but required it to close by 2 am. It was known for its "hardcore" leather culture, and did not pay for a dancing license because the owners felt their clientele would not be interested in dancing. Renslow paid bribes to police to prevent the bar from being raided, although this still occurred occasionally.Dom Orejudos (widely known by his alias "Etienne"), who was Renslow's partner, created numerous posters and artworks for the Gold Coast. Renslow donated much of this art to the Leather Archives & Museum, some of which is on display in the museum's auditorium.The bar hosted an annual "Mr. Gold Coast" pageant; in 1979, the contest was rebranded as International Mr. Leather, which continues to this day.
In 1984, the bar relocated to 5025 N Clark Street in Andersonville. The bar closed permanently on February 10, 1988, after its liquor license was revoked. Prior to this, it had declined in popularity due in part to the relocation and to changes in management.On May 25, 2018, the Chicago City Council voted to designate the eastern stretch of Clark Street between Winnemac Ave and Ainslie Ave—the historic location of the Gold Coast, Man's Country, and other businesses owned by Renslow—as "CHUCK RENSLOW WAY."

 References 

Peter Faneuil
Peter Faneuil (June 20, 1700 – March 3, 1743) was a wealthy American colonial merchant,  slave trader and philanthropist who donated Faneuil Hall to Boston.

 Childhood 
Peter Faneuil was born on June 20, 1700, in New Rochelle, New York, to Benjamin Faneuil and Anne Bureau, the eldest child of one of three Huguenot brothers who fled France with considerable wealth after the 1685 revocation of the Edict of Nantes. Having emigrated to America about a decade earlier and become freemen of Massachusetts Bay in 1691, Peter's father, Benjamin, and his uncle, Andrew, had subsequently been early settlers of New Rochelle. Shortly thereafter, Andrew made Boston his permanent residence. Benjamin married Anne Bureau in 1699, and they had at least two sons and three daughters who lived to maturity.
Little is known of Peter's boyhood. His father, prominent and fairly well-to-do, died in 1719 when Peter was 18, and soon Peter, his brother, Benjamin Jr., and his sister Mary moved to Boston. Their widowed, childless uncle Andrew had become one of New England's wealthiest men through shrewd trading and Boston real estate investments. Andrew may have formally adopted his two nephews. Peter Faneuil's first claim to fame occurred in 1728 when he helped his brother-in-law Henry Phillips escape to France after he killed Benjamin Woodbridge in the first duel ever to take place in Boston.

 Life as a merchant 
Peter Faneuil entered Boston's commission and shipping business and soon proved a competent trader, assisting his uncle in running a lucrative mercantile establishment that traded with Antigua, Barbados, Spain, the Canary Islands, and England, only a few of the places from which Faneuil's correspondence survives.
Prominent in the triangular trade, Peter shipped enslaved people to the West Indies and brought molasses and sugar to the colonies. He handled merchandise from Europe and the Caribbean, exported rum, fish, and produce, and engaged in shipbuilding. When he ventured both ship and cargo in transatlantic or coastal commerce, he customarily shared the risk with others. Charging 5% for handling consignments, he used advanced business methods and kept careful records. Fishing-grounds agents kept him informed of market prices and furthered his commercial connections. Not all of his trade was legal. When in 1736 his ship Providence was seized for exchanging fish and oil for French gold, he complained that only the "caprice" of the admiralty judge, a "Vile" man, was responsible for "Impositions" on a "fair trader" that was "in no way founded on law and justice."A childless widower, Andrew Faneuil for some reason threatened to disinherit either of his two nephews if they married. Benjamin Jr. preferred wedlock to a share of the enormous Faneuil fortune, which in addition to ships, shops, and a mansion in Tremont Street included £14,000 in East India Company stock. During his uncle's final illness Peter managed Andrew's business as well as his own. Peter, who was swarthy, stocky, and disabled since childhood, remained single, inheriting most of the fortune. Peter became—despite handsome bequests to his sisters—one of America's wealthiest men, living sumptuously in a Beacon Street mansion. Writing to his London partners to inform them of his uncle's death, he also requested five pipes of Madeira wine: "As this wine is for the use of my house, I hope you will be careful that I have the best." Soon thereafter, he requested a "handsome chariot" emblazoned with the family crest, accompanied by a coachman unlikely "to be debauched with strong drink, rum, etc." as were most European servants. He also asked for "the latest, best book of the several sorts of cookery, which pray let be of the largest characters, for the benefit of the maid's reading."

 Faneuil Hall and other gifts 

Most noteworthy was Faneuil's gift to the town of Boston of Faneuil Hall, which opened in September 1742, scarcely six months before his death. In July 1740 Faneuil had offered the town a large market building. This offer was by no means uncontroversial: Bostonians had debated throughout the eighteenth century whether a centralized market was preferable to peddling in the streets, bringing conveniences such as home delivery but also inconveniences including noisy push-cart hucksters and higher prices. Markets built by the town had been destroyed by a mob disguised as clergymen in 1737. Only by a vote of 367 to 360 did the Boston Town Meeting accept Faneuil's offer. The building took two years to construct and was named for Faneuil after his death. It was gutted by fire in March 1761; the walls remained, but the interior structure, to which the town meeting frequently adjourned to protest British policy as the American Revolution approached, was added after the fire. The room above the market stalls became a civic center where so many prerevolutionary meetings were held that Faneuil Hall became known as America's "Cradle of Liberty." Faneuil Hall still stands, although it is dwarfed by the Quincy Market complex built behind it in the nineteenth century.

Although Faneuil enjoyed the good life, his contemporaries and posterity honor him most highly as a public benefactor. John Lovell, who gave his funeral eulogy, said that Faneuil "fed the hungry and he cloathed the naked, he comforted the fatherless, and the widows in their affliction." An obituary noted that he was "a gentleman, possessed of a very ample fortune and a most generous spirit," his "noble benefaction to his town and constant employment of a great number of tradesmen, artificers, and laborers, to whom he was a liberal paymaster . . . made his life a public blessing, and his death a general loss." In Faneuil's case such praise was more than routine kindness to the recently deceased. He donated liberally to the Episcopal Charitable Society, an endowment for the families of the deceased clergymen of Trinity Church, to which he belonged, and was treasurer of the project to build the present King's Chapel. Other wealthy Boston Anglicans apparently lacked his fervor, for the project languished for five years after his death following his gift of £200 sterling.
Evidently little is known of Faneuil's treatment of his own slaves, only that he engaged in a trade that was lawful at the time.

 Death 
Faneuil died unmarried in Boston of dropsy on March 3, 1743 at the age of 42. He was interred in the Granary Burying Ground. He left his fortune, including five enslaved black people and 195 dozen bottles of wine, to his sister Mary and brother Benjamin Jr. (who was later to become a Loyalist in the American Revolution). 
19th-century historian Lucius M. Sargent said of Peter Faneuil that he "lived as magnificently as a nobleman, as hospitably as a bishop, and as charitably as an apostle."

 See also 
 United States portal

 References 

 Bibliography 
Brown, Abram English (1900). Faneuil Hall and Faneuil Hall Market: Peter Faneuil and His Gift. Boston: Lee & Shepard. pp. 22–50.

Vacanti mouse
The Vacanti mouse was a laboratory mouse (circa 1996) that had what looked like a human ear grown on its back. The "ear" was actually an ear-shaped cartilage structure grown by seeding cow cartilage cells into biodegradable ear-shaped mold and then implanted under the skin of the mouse, with an external ear-shaped splint to maintain the desired shape.  Then the cartilage naturally grew by itself within the restricted shape and size.  The splint was removed briefly to take the publicity pictures, which is very controversial.The EMOUSE, as it became known, was created by Charles A. Vacanti in the Department of Anesthesiology at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Linda Griffith at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Joseph P. Vacanti in the Department of Surgery at Children's Hospital.  Charles Vacanti later moved to the Department of Anesthesiology at the University of Massachusetts Medical School.  The results were based on the works of many others who seeded cells onto scaffolds to regenerate organs.  The first work with cartilage regeneration was published in 1991 in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.  The mouse used is called a nude mouse, a commonly used strain of immunocompromised mouse, preventing a transplant rejection.
The photo of the mouse was passed around the internet, mainly via email, sometimes with little to no text accompanying it leading many people to speculate whether the photo was real. In the late 1990s, the picture prompted a wave of protests against genetic engineering—although in this specific experiment no genetic manipulation was performed.
In an interview with Newsweek, Joseph Vacanti joked that the mouse had the ear removed and then "lived out a happy, normal life". However, it is standard for lab workers to kill the mice they work with, and the original paper they published mentions the state of the mice "after sacrifice", a term referring to the killing of laboratory specimens.

 References 

 External links 
Hugo, Kristin (September 16, 2017). "Remember the lab mouse with a human ear on its back? The scientist accused of "playing God" explains his work". Newsweek. Retrieved May 10, 2018.

P&H Mining
P&H Mining Equipment sells drilling and material handling machinery under the "P&H" trademark. The firm is an operating subsidiary of Joy Global Inc. In 2017 Joy Global Inc. was acquired by Komatsu Limited of Tokyo, Japan, and is now known as Komatsu Mining Corporation and operates as a subsidiary of Komatsu.

 Parent Company Overview 
Joy Global Inc. (JGI) is a mining machinery and service support company based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA. It consists of two operating units – P&H Mining Equipment and Joy Mining Machinery. P&H Mining Equipment specializes in the design, manufacture and support of equipment applied to surface mines. Joy Mining Machinery specializes in equipment and support applied to underground mine operations.

 P&H Mining Equipment History 
Industrial artisans Alonzo Pawling and Henry Harnischfeger started the manufacturing business that would evolve into P&H Mining Equipment in 1884 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA.  

 Pawling was a castings pattern maker.  Harnischfeger was a locksmith machinist with some engineering training.  Both individuals served within the Whitehill Sewing Machine Company factory in Milwaukee starting in 1881. Concerned that Whitehill business operations were drifting toward failure, Pawling exited the firm to start a small gear machining and pattern making shop in 1883.  Needing more gear machining expertise and capital, Pawling persuaded Harnischfeger to join his firm as an equal partner.  Their Pawling & Harnischfeger Machine and Pattern Shop officially began on December 1, 1884.

 Components and Assemblies Suppliers 
Pawling and Harnischfeger initially supplied industrial machinery components and assembly service support to large manufacturing operations in Milwaukee.  Their customers included industrial knitting machine manufacturers, brick makers, grain drying equipment manufacturers and beer brewers.  
When an overloaded overhead bridge-type crane collapsed within the foundry operations of a nearby heavy equipment manufacturer known as the Edward P. Allis Manufacturing Company, Pawling and Harnischfeger rebuilt the crane with an improved and simplified design.
Pawling & Harnischfeger soon transformed their business into an industrial cranes manufacturing and service operation.  A bank panic in 1893 caused demand for cranes to plummet however, prompting P&H to look for another product line that might help them reduce business risk amid economic downturns.   They turned their attention to earth moving machinery, as America was in the midst of an infrastructure and construction boom that required large volumes of such equipment.

 Earth Moving Machinery Era Begins 
By 1920 the P&H digging machinery product line included P&H Model 206 and Model 300 machines that the firm produced in batches of five or more. By 1926, P&H digging machinery was effectively in distribution around the world including Mumbai, India.

 Products Evolve 
Over the ensuing decades, P&H earth moving machines evolved into larger, more powerful and more productive prime movers of material.  By 1930, welding technology made possible the fabrication of lighter, stronger machinery versus traditional riveted-design machinery.  P&H not only was an early adapter to welded design, but the firm also designed and manufactured its own line of electric arc welding machinery and welding rod products.  
Another technology advance applied to P&H digging machines during the 1930s was the Ward-Leonard DC electric motor drive system.  Pawling & Harnischfeger began designing and making their own electric motors and controls starting in 1893 when they acquired assets of the Gibb Electric Company that were not needed when Gibb was purchased by Westinghouse Electric Manufacturing Company.
P&H shovels and draglines were originally available with prime-mover options including a Waukesha gasoline engine, a Buda diesel engine, or a P&H electric motor.  By the 1930s, diesel engines and P&H electric motors became the dominant prime mover options on P&H digging machines.  By the end of the 1960s, virtually all P&H excavating machines would be equipped with P&H electric motors.
P&H excavators that started out in the 1920s with dipper and bucket payloads of about 500 pounds / 226 kilograms and dipper and bucket capacities of 0.5 cubic yard / 0.382 cubic meter would evolve into massive and powerful electric mining shovels with maximum dipper payloads of 120 tons / 109 tonnes and maximum capacities of 82 cubic yards / 62.7 cubic meters.  
Machine working weights would see similar dramatic changes.  P&H Model 206 excavators originally had working weights of about 25 tons / 22.7 tonnes.  P&H 4100XPC electric shovels today have working weights of about 1,645 tons / 1492 tonnes.

 P&H Product Line 
P&H Mining Equipment sells four lines of equipment for surface mining operations.  They include electric mining shovels, blast hole production drills, walking draglines, and in-pit crushing-conveying systems.

 P&H Electric Mining Shovels 
P&H Electric Mining Shovels are applied to loading haul trucks and in-pit crusher-conveyor systems in surface mine operations.   They range in payload from 21 tons / 19.1 tonnes for the smallest model, the P&H 1900AL, to 120 tons / 108.9 tonnes for the model P&H 4100XPC. From March 2018 the new superior model: P&H Komatsu 4800XPC. The productions are 20% increased and this machinery has a lower cost per ton by up to 10% compared to other rope shovels: nominal payload 122,5 tonnes; optimum truck size: 360mt. - 400st; operator eye level 33ft. 1 in (10.1 mt.)

 P&H Drilling Rigs 
P&H Drilling Rigs are applied to boring grids of tubular explosives containers in hard-rock formations within mine operations.  They apply three kinds of force to the task of advancing a tri-cone drill bit into rock.  Bit-loading force up to 150,000 pounds-force (670,000 N) combines with up to 25,000-foot-pound-force (34,000 N⋅m) of torque and large volumes of compressed air flowing at nearly 3,850 cubic feet (109 m3) per minute create the tubes or "blast holes."  The holes are loaded with explosives and then detonated.  The blast produces a powerful shock wave that fragments the rock, making it easier to load, haul, crush and distill for its mineral contents.

 P&H Walking Draglines 
P&H Walking Draglines move large volumes of earthen overburden capping coal seams, and also overburden and phosphates.  They wield a large-volume bucket that is cast out toward the material that needs to be relocated using a football field-length boom and powerful swing motors and transmissions.  The bucket lands atop the material and its teeth quickly bite into the material.  Powerful drag force is applied to fill the bucket, followed by powerful hoist and swing forces applied to dump the material away from the excavation site to.  P&H dragline bucket capacities range from 55 to 160 cubic yards (42 to 122 m3).

 P&H In-pit Crushing-Conveying Systems 
P&H In-pit Crushing-Conveying Systems
we'rei
w
W
Introduced in 2008, IPCCs take earthen material excavated and deposited into a large holding hopper by a P&H electric shovel, and then crush the material to an easy-to-convey size for transfer elsewhere in the mine.  Soaring and volatile mine material handling costs associated with older mine operations utilizing longer and deeper truck haulage routes experienced during an inflationary period between 2004 and 2008 led to efforts by several mining equipment suppliers to develop alternative IPCC systems.

 Product distribution and support – MinePro 
P&H Mining Equipment operates a global network of P&H MinePro services support teams in key mining regions, formally established in 1996.
MinePro operations are located in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America close to major concentrations of mining operations that produce energy and minerals for the global economy.  P&H equipment and MinePro support are primarily directed to copper, coal, iron ore, oil sand, gold, diamonds and phosphate mining operations in order of product and service demand.  
MinePro service support includes new machine assembly, maintenance and repairs, systems upgrades, machine relocations, motors and transmissions rebuilds and repairs, structures weldments and repairs, and training for machine operators and maintenance personnel.
MinePro teams consist of mechanics, electricians, welders, machinists, assemblers and logistics warehouse managers, most of them native to the city or region in which they serve.
MinePro is a primary sales channel for surface mining equipment. However, it is capable of servicing underground mining equipment, and offers service support to the construction industry as well.

 About 
MinePro works with surface mining operations to ensure maximum productivity of equipment designed and built by P&H Mining Equipment including electric mining shovels, blast hole production drills, walking draglines, and supply parts and services for that equipment. It provides support for non-P&H equipment in some regions as well, including Hitachi trucks and excavators, Liebherr trucks, LeTourneau wheel loaders, CQMS dragline buckets and “GETs” or ground-engaging tools (e.g. crawler track shoes, bucket and dipper armor), Stamler feeder breakers and Continental Conveyor Products idler rolls and conveyor systems among others.
MinePro continues the after-market service support function that began with the founding of P&H Mining Equipment by industrial artisans Alonzo Pawling and Henry Harnischfeger in 1884.  As designers and builders of industrial equipment, Pawling and Harnischfeger were well positioned to provide installation, preventive maintenance, repairs, rebuilds and upgrades for the industrial operations including construction and mining firms that invested in their products.
The rugged, reliable and productive quality of their products combined with the expertise available from Pawling and Harnischfeger were key factors in the ability of their manufacturing enterprise to endure economic recessions and continue growing into a modern, global business referred to by their customers simply as “P&H” by the start of the 1900s.  P&H Mining Equipment formalized the name of its service support business in 1996 by renaming it “P&H MinePro Services”.

 Beloit Corporation takeover 
P&H took over The Beloit Corporation in 1986.  Beloit Corporation was a large, worldwide paper machine manufacturing corporation based in Beloit, Wisconsin.  The Beloit Corporation had started nearly 150 year prior as BIW "Beloit Iron Works" corporation and sat on the original grounds of Beloit Iron Works.  By the year 2000 (and mostly in the years before), Harnischfeger had extended Beloit Corporation's operations in the Greater Pacific including (Indonesia, Thailand, etc.) to a point of bankruptcy.  Beloit Iron Works antiquity and signage remain as a homage to the city and the company.

 Range of services 
Replacement parts and assemblies for P&H and some non-P&H mining machinery including shovels, drills and draglines
Mining equipment mechanical and electrical system upgrades and modernizations
Mining equipment installations, rebuilds and relocations
Preventive maintenance, emergency repairs and mechanical and electrical systems audit services
Used equipment trade, purchases, relocations, upgrades

 External links 
P&H MinePro Services: P&H MinePro Services web site
Official website

 References 

P&H MinePro Website About Page [1]
Joy Global Inc. 2009 annual report, Form 10-K addendum required by US Securities and Exchange Commission for all publicly traded firms based in the US [2]

Transport for London
Transport for London (TfL) is a local government body responsible for most of the transport network in London, United Kingdom.TfL has responsibility for multiple rail networks including the London Underground and Docklands Light Railway, as well as London's buses, taxis, principal road routes, cycling provision, trams, and river services. It does not control all National Rail services in London, although it is responsible for London Overground and Elizabeth line services. The underlying services are provided by a mixture of wholly owned subsidiary companies (principally London Underground), by private sector franchisees (the remaining rail services, trams and most buses) and by licensees (some buses, taxis and river services). TfL was also responsible, jointly with the national Department for Transport (DfT), for commissioning the construction of the new Crossrail Project and is now responsible for franchising its operation as the Elizabeth line.In 2019–20, TfL had a budget of £10.3 billion, 47% of which came from fares. The rest came from grants, mainly from the Greater London Authority (33%), borrowing (8%), congestion charging and other income (12%). Direct central government funding for operations ceased in 2018. In 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom, TfL sought urgent government support as fare revenues dropped 90%, and proposed near 40% cuts in capital expenditure.

 History 

TfL was created in 2000 as part of the Greater London Authority (GLA) by the Greater London Authority Act 1999. It gained most of its functions from its predecessor London Regional Transport in 2000. The first Commissioner of TfL was Bob Kiley. The first chair was then-Mayor of London Ken Livingstone, and the first deputy chair was Dave Wetzel. Livingstone and Wetzel remained in office until the election of Boris Johnson as Mayor in 2008. Johnson took over as chairman, and in February 2009 fellow-Conservative Daniel Moylan was appointed as his deputy.
TfL did not take over responsibility for the London Underground until 2003, after the controversial public-private partnership (PPP) contract for maintenance had been agreed. Management of the Public Carriage Office had previously been a function of the Metropolitan Police.
Transport for London Corporate Archives holds business records for TfL and its predecessor bodies and transport companies.  Some early records are also held on behalf of TfL Corporate Archives at the London Metropolitan Archives.
After the bombings on the underground and bus systems on 7 July 2005, many staff were recognised in the 2006 New Year honours list for the work they did. They helped survivors out, removed bodies, and got the transport system up and running, to get the millions of commuters back out of London at the end of the workday.On 1 June 2008, the drinking of alcoholic beverages was banned on Tube and London Overground trains, buses, trams, Docklands Light Railway and all stations operated by TfL across London but not those operated by other rail companies. Carrying open containers of alcohol was also banned on public transport operated by TfL. The then-Mayor of London Boris Johnson and TfL announced the ban with the intention of providing a safer and more pleasant experience for passengers. There were "Last Round on the Underground" parties on the night before the ban came into force. Passengers refusing to observe the ban may be refused travel and asked to leave the premises. The GLA reported in 2011 that assaults on London Underground staff had fallen by 15% since the introduction of the ban.TfL commissioned a survey in 2013 which showed that 15% of women using public transport in London had been the subject of some form of unwanted sexual behaviour but that 90% of incidents were not reported to the police. In an effort to reduce sexual offences and increase reporting, TfL—in conjunction with the British Transport Police, Metropolitan Police Service, and City of London Police—launched Project Guardian.In 2014, Transport for London launched the 100 years of women in transport campaign in partnership with the Department for Transport, Crossrail, Network Rail, the Women's Engineering Society and the Women's Transportation Seminar (WTS). The programme was a celebration of the significant role that women had played in transport over the previous 100 years, following the centennial anniversary of the First World War, when 100,000 women entered the transport industry to take on the responsibilities held by men who enlisted for military service.

 COVID-19 pandemic impacts 
In 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom, TfL services were reduced. All Night Overground and Night Tube services, as well as all services on the Waterloo & City line, were suspended from 20 March, and 40 tube stations were closed on the same day. The Mayor of London and TfL urged people to only use public transport if absolutely essential, so that it could be used by critical workers. The London Underground brought in new measures on 25 March to combat the spread of the virus, by slowing the flow of passengers onto platforms. Measures included the imposition of queuing at ticket gates and turning off some escalators. In April, TfL trialled changes encouraging passengers to board London buses by the middle doors to lessen the risks to drivers, after the deaths of 14 TfL workers including nine drivers. This measure was extended to all routes on 20 April, and passengers were no longer required to pay, so that they did not need to use the card reader near the driver.On 22 April, London mayor Sadiq Khan warned that TfL could run out of money to pay staff by the end of April unless the government stepped in. Two days later, TfL announced it was furloughing around 7,000 employees, about a quarter of its staff, to help mitigate a 90% reduction in fare revenues. Since London entered lockdown on 23 March, Tube journeys had fallen by 95% and bus journeys by 85%, though TfL continued to operate limited services to allow "essential travel" for key workers. Without government financial support for TfL, London Assembly members warned that Crossrail, the Northern line extension and other projects such as step-free schemes at tube stations could be delayed.On 7 May, it was reported that TfL had requested £2 billion in state aid to keep services running until September 2020. On 12 May, TfL documents warned it expected to lose £4bn due to the pandemic and said it needed £3.2bn to balance a proposed emergency budget for 2021, having lost 90% of its overall income. Without an agreement with the government, deputy mayor for transport Heidi Alexander said TfL might have to issue a Section 114 notice - the equivalent of a public body going bust. On 14 May, the UK Government agreed £1.6bn in emergency funding to keep Tube and bus services running until September - a bailout condemned as "a sticking plaster" by Khan who called for agreement on a new longer-term funding model.On 1 June 2020, TfL released details of its emergency budget for 2020–2021, revealing it planned to reduce capital investment by 39% from £1.3bn to £808m, and to cut maintenance and renewal spending by 38% to £201m.

 Organisation 
TfL is controlled by a board whose members are appointed by the Mayor of London, a position held by Sadiq Khan since May 2016.  The Commissioner of Transport for London reports to the Board and leads a management team with individual functional responsibilities.
The body is organised in two main directorates and corporate services, each with responsibility for different aspects and modes of transport. The two main directorates are:

London Underground, responsible for running London's underground rail network, commonly known as the tube, and managing the provision of maintenance services by the private sector. This network is sub-divided into different service delivery units:
London Underground
Deep Tube: Bakerloo, Central, Victoria, Waterloo & City, Jubilee, Northern and Piccadilly lines.
SSL (Sub Surface Lines): Metropolitan, District, Circle and Hammersmith & City lines.
Elizabeth line, a high-frequency hybrid urban–suburban rail service on dedicated infrastructure in central London (built as part of the Crossrail Project); and on National Rail lines to the east and west of the city. Operation is undertaken by MTR Elizabeth line, a private-sector concessionaire, and maintenance by Network Rail.
Surface Transport, consisting of:
Docklands Light Railway (DLR): an automatically driven light metro network in East and South London, although actual operation and maintenance is undertaken by a private-sector concessionaire (a joint venture of Keolis and Amey).
London Buses, responsible for managing the red bus network throughout London and branded services including East London Transit, largely by contracting services to various private sector bus operators. Incorporating CentreComm, London Buses Command & Control Centre, a 24-hour Emergency Control Centre based in Southwark.
London Dial-a-Ride, which provides community transport services throughout London.
London Overground, which consists of certain suburban National Rail services within London. Operation is undertaken by Arriva Rail London, a private-sector concessionaire, and maintenance by Network Rail.
London River Services, responsible for licensing and co-ordinating passenger services on the River Thames within London.
London Streets, responsible for the management of London's strategic road network.
London Trams, responsible for managing London's tram network, by contracting to private sector operators. At present the only tram system is Tramlink in South London, contracted to FirstGroup, but others are proposed.
London congestion charge, a fee charged on most cars and motor vehicles being driven within the Congestion Charge Zone in Central London.
Public Carriage Office, responsible for licensing the famous black cab taxis and private hire vehicles.
Victoria Coach Station, which owns and operates London's principal terminal for long-distance bus and coach services.
"Delivery Planning" which promotes cycling in London, including the construction of Cycle Superhighways.
"Special Projects Team"  manages the contract with Serco for the Santander Cycles bike rental scheme.
Walking, which promotes better pedestrian access and better access for walking in London.
London Road Safety Unit, which promotes safer roads through advertising and road safety measure.
Community Safety, Enforcement and Policing, responsible for tackling fare evasion on buses, delivering policing services that tackle crime and disorder on public transport in co-operation with the Metropolitan Police Service's Transport Operational Command Unit (TOCU) and the British Transport Police.
Traffic Enforcement, responsible for enforcing traffic and parking regulations on the red routes.
Freight Unit, which has developed the "London Freight Plan" and is involved with setting up and supporting a number of Freight Quality Partnerships covering key areas of London.

 Operations centre 
TfL's Surface Transport and Traffic Operations Centre (STTOC) was officially opened by Prince Andrew, Duke of York, in November 2009. The centre monitors and coordinates official responses to traffic congestion, incidents and major events in London. London Buses Command and Control Centre (CentreComm), London Streets Traffic Control Centre (LSTCC) and the Metropolitan Police Traffic Operation Control Centre (MetroComm) were brought together under STTOC.STTOC played an important part in the security and smooth running of the 2012 Summer Olympics. The London Underground Network Operations Centre is now located on the fifth floor of Palestra and not within STTOC. The centre featured in the 2013 BBC Two documentary series The Route Masters: Running London's Roads.

 Connect project 
Transport for London introduced the "Connect" project for radio communications during the 2000s, to improve radio connections for London Underground staff and the emergency services. The system replaced various separate radio systems for each tube line, and was funded under a private finance initiative. The supply contract was signed in November 1999 with Motorola as the radio provider alongside Thales. Citylink's shareholders are Thales Group (33 per cent), Fluor Corporation (18%), Motorola (10%), Laing Investment (19.5%) and HSBC (19.5%). The cost of the design, build and maintain contract was £2 billion over twenty years. Various subcontractors were used for the installation work, including Brookvex and Fentons.
A key reasoning for the introduction of the system was in light of the King's Cross fire disaster, where efforts by the emergency services were hampered by a lack of radio coverage below ground. Work was due to be completed by the end of 2002, although suffered delays due to the necessity of installing the required equipment on an ageing railway infrastructure with no disruption to the operational railway. On 5 June 2006 the London Assembly published the 7 July Review Committee report, which urged TfL to speed up implementation of the Connect system.The East London line was chosen as the first line to receive the TETRA radio in February 2006, as it was the second smallest line and is a mix of surface and sub surface. In the same year it was rolled out to the District, Circle, Hammersmith & City, Metropolitan and Victoria lines, with the Bakerloo, Piccadilly, Jubilee, Waterloo & City and Central lines following in 2007. The final line, the Northern, was handed over in November 2008.
The 2010 TfL investment programme included the project "LU-PJ231 LU-managed Connect communications", which provided Connect with a new transmission and radio system comprising 290 cell sites with two to three base stations, 1,400 new train mobiles, 7,500 new telephone links and 180 CCTV links.

 London Transport Museum 
TfL also owns and operates the London Transport Museum in Covent Garden, a museum that conserves, explores and explains London's transport system heritage over the last 200 years. It both explores the past, with a retrospective look at past days since 1800, and the present-day transport developments and upgrades. The museum also has an extensive depot, situated at Acton, that contains material impossible to display at the central London museum, including many additional road vehicles, trains, collections of signs and advertising materials. The depot has several open weekends each year. There are also occasional heritage train runs on the Metropolitan line.

 Fares 
Most of the transport modes that come under the control of TfL have their own charging and ticketing regimes for single fare. Buses and trams share a common fare and ticketing regime, and the DLR, Overground, Underground, and National Rail services another.

 Zonal fare system 

Rail service fares in the capital are calculated by a zonal fare system. London is divided into eleven fare zones, with every station on the London Underground, London Overground, Docklands Light Railway and, since 2007, on National Rail services, being in one, or in some cases, two zones. The zones are mostly concentric rings of increasing size emanating from the centre of London. They are (in order):

Zone 1
Zone 2
Zone 3
Zone 4
Zone 5
Zone 6
Zones 7–9, C, G and W

 Travelcard 

Superimposed on these mode-specific regimes is the Travelcard system, which provides zonal tickets with validities from one day to one year, and off-peak variants. These are accepted on the DLR, buses, railways, trams, and the Underground, and provide a discount on many river services fares.

 Oyster card 

The Oyster card is a contactless smart card system introduced for the public in 2003, which can be used to pay individual fares (pay as you go) or to carry various Travelcards and other passes. It is used by scanning the card at a yellow card reader. Such readers are found on ticket gates where otherwise a paper ticket could be fed through, allowing the gate to open and the passenger to walk through, and on stand-alone Oyster validators, which do not operate a barrier. Since 2010, Oyster Pay as you go has been available on all National Rail services within London. Oyster Pay as you go has a set of daily maximum charges that are the same as buying the nearest equivalent Day Travelcard.

 Contactless payments 

Almost all contactless Visa, Maestro, MasterCard and American Express debit and credit cards issued in the UK, and also most international cards supporting contactless payment, are accepted for travel on London Underground, London Overground, Docklands Light Railway, most National Rail, London Tramlink and Bus services. This works in the same way for the passenger as an Oyster card, including the use of capping and reduced fares compared to paper tickets. The widespread use of contactless payment - around 25 million journeys each week - has meant that TfL is now one of Europe's largest contactless merchants, with one in 10 contactless transactions in the UK taking place on the TfL network.Mobile payments - such as Apple Pay, Google Pay and Samsung Pay - are also accepted in the same way as contactless payment cards. The fares are the same as those charged on a debit or credit card, including the same daily capping. In 2020, one in five journeys are made using mobile devices instead of using contactless bank cards, and TfL had become the most popular Apple Pay merchant in the UK.TfL's expertise in contactless payments has led other cities such as New York, Sydney, Brisbane and Boston to license the technology from TfL and Cubic.

 Identity and marketing 
Each of the main transport units has its own corporate identity, formed by differently coloured versions of the standard roundel logo and adding appropriate lettering across the horizontal bar. The roundel rendered in blue without any lettering represents TfL as a whole (see Transport for London logo), as well as used in situations where lettering on the roundel is not possible (such as bus receipts, where a logo is a blank roundel with the name "London Buses" to the right). The same range of colours is also used extensively in publicity and on the TfL website.
Transport for London has always mounted advertising campaigns to encourage use of the Underground. For example, in 1999, they commissioned artist Stephen Whatley to paint an interior – 'The Grand Staircase' – which he did on location inside Buckingham Palace. This painting was reproduced on posters and displayed all over the London Underground.In 2010 they commissioned artist Mark Wallinger to assist them in celebrating the 150th anniversary of the Underground, by creating the Labyrinth Project, with one enamel plaque mounted permanently in each of the Tube's 270 stations.In 2015, in partnership with the London Transport Museum and sponsored by Exterion Media, TfL launched Transported by Design, an 18-month programme of activities. The intention is to showcase the importance of both physical and service design across London's transport network. In October 2015, after two months of public voting, the black cab topped the list of favourite London transport icons, which also included the original Routemaster bus and the Tube map, among others. In 2016, the programme held exhibitions, walks and a festival at Regent Street on 3 July.

 Typeface 

Johnston (or Johnston Sans) is typeface designed by and named after Edward Johnston. The typeface was commissioned in 1913 by Frank Pick, then commercial manager of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (also known as 'The Underground Group'), as part of his plan to strengthen the company's corporate identity. Johnston was originally created for printing (with a planned height of 1 inch or 2.5 cm), but it rapidly became used for the enamel station signs of the Underground system as well.Johnston was originally printed using wood type for large signs and metal type for print. Johnston was redesigned in 1979 to produce New Johnston. The new family comes in eight members: Light, Medium, Bold weights with corresponding Italics, Medium Condensed and Bold Condensed. After the typeface was digitized in 1981–82, New Johnston finally became ready for Linotron photo-typesetting machine, and first appeared in London's Underground stations in 1983. It has been the official typeface exclusively used by Transport for London and The Mayor of London ever since, with minor updates to specific letterforms occurring in 1990–1992 and 2008. A new version, known as Johnston 100, was commissioned by Transport for London from Monotype in 2016 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the introduction of the typeface, and was designed to be closer to the original version of the Johnston typeface.

 Advertising bans 
In May 2019, TfL banned advertising from Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and the United Arab Emirates due to their poor human rights records. This brought the number of countries to 11 from which TfL has banned adverts, due to them having the death penalty for homosexuals. Countries previously banned from advertising were Iran, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.In 2019, the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, introduced restrictions on advertising of unhealthy food and drinks across the TfL network. A study estimated that this led to a 7% reduction in the average weekly household purchase of foods high in fat, salt, and sugar. The largest reductions were seen in the sales of chocolate and sweets. There was no change in purchases of foods not classified as being high in fat, salt, and sugar.

 See also 
Articulated buses in London
Passenger transport executive
Selective vehicle detection
Transport in London

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Official website 
Transport for London companies grouped at OpenCorporates

Transformers (film series)
Transformers is a series of science fiction action films based on the Transformers franchise of the 1980s. Michael Bay directed the first five live action films: Transformers (2007), Revenge of the Fallen (2009), Dark of the Moon (2011), Age of Extinction (2014), and The Last Knight (2017), and has served as a producer for subsequent films.  A sixth film Bumblebee, directed by Travis Knight, was released in 2018, while a seventh film, Rise of the Beasts, directed by Steven Caple Jr. was released in 2023.
The series has been distributed by Paramount Pictures, and DreamWorks Pictures worked on the first two films. The live action Transformers film series has received negative to mixed reception, with the exception of Bumblebee, which received positive reviews. It is the 13th-highest-grossing film series, with a total of $5.28 billion; the series films have generally been successful at the box office, with Dark of the Moon and Age of Extinction grossing over $1 billion each. 

 Films 

 Development 

 Transformers (2007) 

For the film, producer Don Murphy was planning a G.I. Joe film adaptation, but when the U.S. launched the invasion of Iraq in March 2003, Hasbro suggested adapting the Transformers franchise instead. Tom DeSanto joined Murphy because he was a fan of the series. They met with comic book writer Simon Furman, and cited the Generation 1 cartoon and comics as their main influence. They made the Creation Matrix their plot device, though Murphy had it renamed because of the film series The Matrix. DeSanto chose to write the treatment from a human point of view to engage the audience, while Murphy wanted it to have a realistic tone, reminiscent of a disaster film. The treatment featured the Autobots Optimus Prime, Ironhide, Jazz, Prowl, Arcee, Ratchet, Wheeljack, and Bumblebee, and the Decepticons Megatron, Starscream, Soundwave, Ravage, Laserbeak, Rumble, Skywarp and Shockwave.Steven Spielberg, a fan of the comics and toys, signed on as executive producer in 2004. John Rogers wrote the first draft, which pitted four Autobots against four Decepticons, and featured the Ark spaceship. Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman, fans of the cartoon, were hired to rewrite the script in February 2005. Spielberg suggested that "a boy and his car" should be the focus. This appealed to Orci and Kurtzman because it conveyed themes of adulthood and responsibility, "the things that a car represents in the United States". The characters of Sam and Mikaela were the sole point of view given in Orci and Kurtzman's first draft. The Transformers had no dialogue, as the producers feared talking robots would look ridiculous. The writers felt that even if it would look silly, not having the robots speak would betray the fanbase. The first draft also had a battle scene in the Grand Canyon. Spielberg read each of Orci and Kurtzman's drafts and gave notes for improvement. The writers remained involved throughout production, adding additional dialogue for the robots during the sound mixing (although none of this was kept in the final film, which ran fifteen minutes shorter than the initial edit). Furman's The Ultimate Guide, published by Dorling Kindersley, remained as a resource to the writers throughout production. Prime Directive was used as a fake working title. This was also the name of Dreamwave Productions' first Transformers comic book.Michael Bay was asked to direct by Spielberg on July 30, 2005, but he dismissed the film as a "stupid toy movie". Nonetheless, he wanted to work with Spielberg, and gained a new respect for the mythology upon visiting Hasbro. Bay considered the first draft "too kiddie", so he increased the military's role in the story. The writers sought inspiration from G.I. Joe for the soldier characters, being careful not to mix the brands. Because Orci and Kurtzman were concerned the film could feel like a military recruitment commercial, they chose to make the military believe nations like Iran were behind the Decepticon attack as well as making the Decepticons primarily military vehicles. Bay based Lennox's struggle to get to the Pentagon phone line while struggling with an unhelpful operator from a real account he was given by a soldier when working on another film.Orci and Kurtzman experimented with numerous robots from the franchise, ultimately selecting the characters most popular among the filmmakers to form the final cast. Bay acknowledged that most of the Decepticons were selected before their names or roles were developed, as Hasbro had to start designing the toys. Some of their names were changed because Bay was upset that they had been leaked. Optimus, Megatron, Bumblebee and Starscream were the only characters present in each version of the script. Arcee was a female Transformer introduced by Orci and Kurtzman, but she was cut because they found it difficult to explain robotic gender; Bay also disliked her motorcycle form, which he found too small. An early idea to have the Decepticons simultaneously strike multiple places around the world was also dropped, being used later in the film's sequels.

 Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (2009) 

In September 2007, Paramount announced a late June 2009 release date for the sequel to Transformers. A major hurdle that was overcome during the film's production was the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, as well as possible strikes by the Directors Guild of America and the Screen Actors Guild. Bay began creating animatics of action sequences featuring characters rejected for the 2007 film; this would allow animators to complete sequences if the Directors Guild of America went on strike in July 2008, which ultimately did not happen. The director considered making a small project in between Transformers and its sequel, but knew "you have your baby and you don't want someone else to take it". The film was given a $200 million budget, which was $50 million more than the 2007 film, and some of the action scenes rejected for the original were written into the sequel, such as the way Optimus is reintroduced in this film. Lorenzo di Bonaventura said the studio proposed filming two sequels simultaneously, but he and Bay concurred that was not the right direction for the series.Writers Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman originally passed on the sequel because of a busy schedule. The studio began courting other writers in May 2007, but as they were unimpressed with their pitches, they convinced Orci and Kurtzman to return. The studio also signed on Ehren Kruger, as he impressed Bay and Hasbro president Brian Goldner with his knowledge of the Transformers mythology, and because he was friends with Orci and Kurtzman. The writing trio were paid $8 million. Screenwriting was interrupted by the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, but to avoid production delays the writers spent two weeks writing a treatment, which they handed in the night before the strike began, and Bay expanded the outline into a sixty-page scriptment, fleshing out the action, adding more jokes, as well as selecting the majority of new characters. The three writers spent four months finishing the screenplay while "locked" in two hotel rooms by Bay: Kruger wrote in his own room and the trio would check on each other's work twice a day.Orci described the film's theme as "being away from home", with the Autobots contemplating living on Earth as they cannot restore Cybertron, while Sam goes to college. He wanted the focus between the robots and humans "much more evenly balanced", "the stakes [to] be higher", and the science fiction elements more prominent. Lorenzo di Bonaventura said that in total, there are around forty robots in the film, while ILM's Scott Farrar has said there are actually sixty. Orci added that he wanted to "modulate" the humor more, and felt he managed the more "outrageous" jokes by balancing them with a more serious plot approach to the Transformers' mythology. Bay concurred that he wanted to please fans by making the tone darker, and that "moms will think its safe enough to bring the kids back out to the movies" despite his trademark sense of humor.Before Transformers was released, producer DeSanto had "a very cool idea" to introduce the Dinobots, while Bay was interested in an aircraft carrier, which was dropped from the 2007 film. Orci claimed they did not incorporate these characters into Revenge of the Fallen because they could not think of a way to justify the Dinobots' choice of form, and were unable to fit in the aircraft carrier. Orci also admitted he was also dismissive of the Dinobots because he does not like dinosaurs. "I recognize I am weird in that department", he said, but he became fonder of them during filming because of their popularity with fans. He added "I couldn't see why a Transformer would feel the need to disguise himself in front of a bunch of lizards. Movie-wise, I mean. Once the general audience is fully on board with the whole thing, maybe Dinobots in the future." Bay said he hated the Dinobots and they had never been in consideration for being featured in the movies. It is the last film in the series to be distributed by DreamWorks.

 Transformers: Dark of the Moon (2011) 

For the third film, as a preemptive measure before the release of Revenge of the Fallen, Michael Lucchi and Paramount announced on March 16, 2009, that a third film would be released in IMAX 3-D on July 1, 2011, which earned a surprised response from director Bay:

I said I was taking off a year from Transformers. Paramount made a mistake in dating Transformers 3—they asked me on the phone—I said yes to July 1—but for 2012—whoops! Not 2011! That would mean I would have to start prep in September. No way. My brain needs a break from fighting robots.
Screenwriters Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman, who had worked on the two previous Transformers films, declined to return for the third film, with Kurtzman declaring that "the franchise is so wonderful that it deserves to be fresh, all the time. We just felt like we'd given it a lot and didn't have an insight for where to go with it next". Revenge of the Fallen's co-writer Ehren Kruger became the sole screenwriter for Dark of the Moon. Kruger had frequent meetings with Industrial Light & Magic's (ILM) CGI visual effects producers, who suggested plot points such as the scenes in Chernobyl.On October 1, 2009, Bay revealed that Dark of the Moon had already gone into pre-production, and its planned release was back to its originally intended date of July 1, 2011, rather than 2012. Due to the revived interest in 3-D technology brought in by the success of Avatar, talks between Paramount, ILM, and Bay had considered the possibility of the next Transformers film being filmed in 3-D, and testing was performed to bring the technology into Bay's work. Bay originally was not much interested in the format as he felt it did not fit his "aggressive style" of filmmaking, but he was convinced after talks with Avatar director James Cameron, who even offered the technical crew from that film. Cameron reportedly told Bay about 3-D, "You gotta look at it as a toy, it's another fun tool to help get emotion and character and create an experience." Bay was reluctant to film with 3-D cameras since in test he found them to be too cumbersome for his filming style, but he did not want to implement the technology in post production either since he was not pleased with the results. In addition to using the 3-D Fusion camera rigs developed by Cameron's team, Bay and the team spent nine months developing a more portable 3-D camera that could be brought into location. On the day of the film's release, Shia LaBeouf announced that Dark of the Moon will be his last Transformers film.
In a hidden extra for the Blu-ray release of Revenge of the Fallen, Bay expressed his intention to make Transformers 3 not necessarily larger than Revenge of the Fallen, but instead deeper into the mythology, to give it more character development, and to make it darker and more emotional. Having been called Transformers 3 up to that point, the film's final title was revealed to be Dark of the Moon in October 2010. After Revenge of the Fallen was panned by critics, Bay acknowledged the general flaws of the script, having blamed the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike prior to the film for many problems. Bay promised to not have the "dorky comedy" from the last film.

 Transformers: Age of Extinction (2014) 

In February 2012, producer di Bonaventura stated that a fourth film was in the works, aiming for a 2014 release, with Michael Bay to direct and produce. On the same day, Paramount Pictures and Michael Bay announced a June 27, 2014 release date for a fourth film. Ehren Kruger would pen the script and Steve Jablonsky would score the film, as each had for the previous film. The film is set five years after the events in Transformers: Dark of the Moon. Shia LaBeouf did not return in any future installments. Mark Wahlberg was instead cast in the lead role as new character, Cade Yeager. In November 2012, casting began to search for two more leads. Isabelle Cornish, Nicola Peltz, Gabriella Wilde, and Margaret Qualley were all considered to play Cade's daughter Tessa Yeager, while Luke Grimes, Landon Liboiron, Brenton Thwaites, Jack Reynor, and Hunter Parrish were all considered to play Tessa's race-car-driving boyfriend, Shane Dyson. Bay announced on his website that Reynor would portray Shane and that the fourth film would start the next installment in the overall series; the film was to be a darker sequel to Dark of the Moon and have a different feeling. Peter Cullen, who voiced Optimus Prime in the films, was to reprise his role. Tyrese Gibson was in talks to reprise his role as Sgt. Robert Epps from the original trilogy. Glenn Morshower stated that he was contracted for two films and he was to reprise his role. It was later announced that he would not be return until the next film. With a budget of $165 million, filming was expected to take place in London between April and November 2013—once Pain & Gain, another film that Bay was directing, had finished editing.On January 8, 2013, it was announced that Reynor was joining Wahlberg in the lead. On March 26, 2013, Nicola Peltz was cast as the female lead. Bay confirmed that the movie was to be in 3D. Bay revealed to Collider that actor Stanley Tucci had joined the cast, and that the film would be the first feature film to be shot using smaller digital IMAX 3D cameras. On May 1, 2013, actor Kelsey Grammer was cast as the lead human villain named "Harold Attinger". On May 6, 2013, actress Sophia Myles was cast in a major supporting role. That same month, Chinese actress Li Bingbing and comedian T. J. Miller joined the cast.Actor T.J. Miller would be playing the best friend of Wahlberg's character who is a mechanic. Also revealed were two Autobots who would have the following alternate modes—a black-and-blue 2013 Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse named "Drift", and a green 2014 C7 Corvette Stingray concept named Crosshairs. A truck from Western Star Trucks would be Optimus Prime's new alternate mode for the movie. Bumblebee's new alternate mode was revealed to be a modified vintage 1967 Chevrolet Camaro, which later transforms into a 2014 Chevrolet Camaro concept. A green military vehicle (later confirmed to be Hound) and a white emergency response vehicle were also revealed.Filming began in June 2013, in Detroit, Chicago, Austin, Los Angeles, and Hong Kong.  The film was released on June 27, 2014.

 Transformers: The Last Knight (2017) 

In March 2015, Deadline Hollywood reported that Paramount Pictures was in talks with Akiva Goldsman to pitch new ideas for the Transformers franchise's future installments. The studio intends to do what James Cameron and 20th Century Fox have been doing in planning three Avatar sequels, and what Disney has done to revive Star Wars, with sequels and spin-offs. Paramount wants to have their own cinematic universe for Transformers, similar to Marvel's/Disney's Marvel Cinematic Universe (which had been one of Paramount's previous film series), and DC Comics/Warner Bros.' DC Extended Universe. Goldsman is the head of the future projects, and worked with franchise director Michael Bay, executive producer Steven Spielberg, and producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura to organize a "writers' room" that incubates ideas for potential Transformers films. The writers' room members include Christina Hodson, Lindsey Beer, Andrew Barrer, and Gabriel Ferrari (Ant-Man), Robert Kirkman (The Walking Dead), Art Marcum & Matt Holloway, Zak Penn (Pacific Rim Uprising), Jeff Pinkner (The Amazing Spider-Man 2), Ken Nolan, and Geneva Robertson-Dworet. Kirkman left the room after just one day to undergo throat surgery. In July 2015, Akiva Goldsman and Jeff Pinkner were announced as the fifth Transformers film's screenwriters. However, on November 20, due to Goldsman's commitments creating a writers' room for G.I. Joe and Micronauts properties, Paramount began to negotiate with Art Marcum and Matt Holloway (Iron Man), as well as Ken Nolan (Black Hawk Down), to write the film. Lindsey Beer and Geneva Robertson-Dworet were also brought aboard for writing duties.After Transformers: Age of Extinction, Bay had decided not to direct any future Transformers films. But in early January 2016, in an interview with Rolling Stone, he stated that he would return to direct the fifth film, and that it will be his last Transformers film. Paramount Pictures spent $80 million on production in Michigan, in return for $21 million in state incentives, under agreements entered into before the state legislature eliminated the film office incentive program in July 2015. In April 2016, Paramount hired cinematographer Jonathan Sela. On May 17, Bay revealed the official title of the film to be The Last Knight on his Instagram account, where he also posted a production video showing a close-up of Optimus Prime's face with purple eyes instead of blue, and his face mostly discolored. The official Twitter account showed a 19-second short video in morse code that translates to "I'm coming for you May 31". On May 31, it was revealed that Megatron would return in the sequel.

 Bumblebee (2018) 

Bumblebee is a spin-off film and prequel centered on the Transformers character of the same name and set in the 1980s. The design and style of the film included both elements from the current franchise and influences from the 1980s Transformers: Generation 1 toyline.Principal photography on the film began in July 2017, in Los Angeles and San Francisco, California. It was released on December 21, 2018, to positive reviews. Following the film's critical success, Hasbro intends to continue and evolve the franchise similar to Bumblebee.

 Transformers: Rise of the Beasts (2023) 

In March 2019, producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura announced ongoing developments for a follow-up to Bumblebee. By January 2020, it was officially announced that a sequel to Bumblebee was in development with a script written by Joby Harold, alongside an adaptation of Transformers: Beast Wars with a script written by James Vanderbilt. The film was then scheduled for release on June 24, 2022, that May, while in November, Steven Caple Jr. was hired to serve as director on the project, which serves as both a Bumblebee sequel and Beast Wars adaptation. In April 2021, Anthony Ramos was cast in one of the lead roles for the film, with Dominique Fishback in final talks to play the lead role. The project will be a joint-venture production between Hasbro, eOne, and Paramount Pictures.Principal photography began in June 2021, with the official title announced as Transformers: Rise of the Beasts, confirmed to be set after the events of Bumblebee. Rise of the Beasts was scheduled for release in June 2022, but was delayed to June 9, 2023.

 Transformers One (2024) 
In September 2015, Andrew Barrer and Gabriel Ferrari, who were previously a part of the shared universe writers' room, were hired to write a film that will explore the origins of Cybertron with a working title of "Transformers One". In April 2020, Josh Cooley signed on as director of the animated prequel film. Barrer and Ferrari will cowrite a new draft of their previous script, with Cooley. Lorenzo di Bonaventura and Mark Vahradian serve as producers. The story takes place entirely on Cybertron and explore the relationship between Optimus Prime and Megatron, "separate and apart" from what has been portrayed in the live-action films. The project will be a joint-venture production between Hasbro Entertainment, Paramount Animation, and Paramount Pictures. The film was scheduled for release on July 19, 2024, but was later pushed back to September 13 of that year.In December 2022, the title was reported to be Transformers: A New Generation, though producer Lorenzo Di Bonaventura stated in April 2023 that the title had yet to be finalized. The producer stated that the plot will center around the origins of the Transformers and explore the events that lead Optimus and Megatron to go from being best friends to becoming enemies, with the plot being mapped out to progress over a trilogy of films, allowing for the Cybertronian characters to progress to who they are in the live-action film series. Industrial Light & Magic is returning to provide the animation for the film, following the franchise's first six installments. Later that month, the title was officially confirmed as Transformers One, along with its voice cast consisting of Chris Hemsworth as Orion Pax / Optimus Prime, Brian Tyree Henry as Megatron, Scarlett Johansson as Elita-One, Keegan-Michael Key as Bumblebee, Jon Hamm as Sentinel Prime, and Laurence Fishburne as Alpha Trion.

 Future 
Possible The Last Knight sequel: Originally announced during the ongoing plans for a "Transformers Cinematic Universe" with a scheduled release date of June 28, 2019; the film was removed from Paramount's release schedule following the negative reception to The Last Knight. By March 2019, producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura confirmed that another film referred to as "Transformers 7" is still in development, though the film will not be a direct sequel to the previous installment.
Untitled Angel Manuel Soto film: In March 2021, another film entered development directed by Angel Manuel Soto, from a script written by Marco Ramirez. The plot will take place separately from films that have previously released, while Lorenzo di Bonaventura, Don Murphy, and Tom DeSanto remain involved in their producing roles. The project will be a joint-venture production between eOne and Paramount Pictures.
Untitled Rise of the Beasts sequels: In February 2022 at the ViacomCBS Investors' Event, Paramount announced that Rise of the Beasts will be the first installment of a new trilogy of films. In June 2023, di Bonaventura stated that future installments will progressively include elements and characters from the G.I. Joes prior to the event of a crossover with the G.I. Joe series. Director, Caple Jr. stated that discussions have included adding additional Transformer factions from other planets into the series. The filmmaker expressed interest in further exploring the origins of the Transformers, with hopes of including more details about their creator Primus in the future.
Untitled Transformers One sequels: In April 2023, di Bonaventura stated that there is discussion for Transformers: One to become a trilogy of films. By June, he confirmed that the story is mapped out to progress over three movies, detailing the progression of the characters into their depiction in the live-action film series. The producer explained that Chris Hemsworth's depiction will grow into the leader depicted in the previous installments, stating that the transition from Hemsworth's voice to Cullen's will make sense within the story.

 Potential shared universe 
In March 2013, during the release of G.I. Joe: Retaliation, producer di Bonaventura announced the studio's plans to develop a G.I. Joe/Transformers crossover. On July 26, 2013, G.I. Joe: Retaliation director Jon M. Chu stated that he is also interested in directing a Transformers/G.I. Joe crossover film. Despite di Bonaventura stating that a crossover was not in the immediate plans for the franchises, he acknowledged that it is something they intended to do.In March 2015, Paramount hired Academy Award-winning screenwriter Akiva Goldsman to oversee and compile a team of writers, to pitch ideas for future films with the intention of expanding the franchise into a cinematic universe. Twelve individual stories were written and pitched for the cinematic universe. Goldsman was tasked with developing a multi-part sequel storyline, along with prequels and spin-off films. A "brain-trust" was commissioned to guide the productions of these stories, including Goldsman, Michael Bay, and producers Steven Spielberg and Lorenzo di Bonaventura. The team of writers who were hired included: Robert Kirkman, Art Marcum, Matt Holloway, Zak Penn, Jeff Pinkner, Andrew Barrer, Gabriel Ferrari, Christina Hodson, Lindsey Anderson Beer, Ken Nolan, Geneva Robertson-Dworet, and Steven DeKnight. Goldsman described the writer's room collaboration process, as a way to map out stories that can be further developed by the projects that are green-lit by the brain trust; stating: "...if one of the writers discovers an affinity for [a particular story], they can drive forward on treatments that will have been fleshed out by the whole room." In August 2017, following the poor reception of The Last Knight which Goldsman co-wrote, the filmmaker officially left the franchise. In December 2018, di Bonaventura stated that there will be further films in the series, while also acknowledging that the franchise will make some changes in tone and style due to the success of Bumblebee. In July 2021, producer di Bonaventura and actor Henry Golding expressed interest developing a crossover film.In July 2021, a crossover film with the G.I. Joe film series was once again in development. In June 2023, beginning with Rise of the Beasts, the two franchises began to share continuity. Producer di Bonaventura stated that in future films, actors from the G.I. Joe films may reprise their roles. In July 2023, di Bonaventura stated that while the crossover would not interfere with the continuity of the franchise's first five installments, he believed that "continuity's overblown, because sometimes you miss a great idea."

 Short films 

 Transformers: Beginnings (2007) 
Released separately from the first film on home release in October 2007, on DVD as a Walmart Exclusive; the short is an animated prequel, presented in the form of a motion comic, with narration from the character Bumblebee. Mark Ryan provides the voice-over work for the role, while the short depicts Megatron's arrival on Earth, as well as Archibald Witwicky's discovery 4 million years later. The short skips to 2003 with Bumblebee arriving on Earth, and Sector 7's pursuit of him.

 Sector 7 Archive (2019) 
Released on the home video release of Bumblebee, two short films under a "Sector 7 Archive" label were released.

 Agent Burns: Welcome to Sector 7 (2019) 
A short released as an in-universe orientation video, of Agent Burns addressing new hires.

 Sector 7 Adventures: The Battle at Half Dome (2019) 
A short film, released in the form of a motion comic, taking place two years after the events of Bumblebee which depicts a fight between Bumblebee and Soundwave. When Sector 7 is attacked by Soundwave, Bumblebee arrives to protect them. During the ensuing battle, Soundwave demands that Sector 7 give back what belongs to the Decepticons.

 Web series 

 Transformers: Cyber Missions (2010) 
A 13 episode long web mini series released in 2010 and set within and using the Transformers design from the continuity of the live action movies. It was released on Hasbro's website and in 2011 re-released on Transformers official YouTube channel. The series was made by TG Studios in only three months. It is set between the events of Revenge of the Fallen and Dark of the Moon.

 Bumblebee's First Life on Earth (2019) 
Bumblebee's First Life on Earth (バンブルビー 初めての地球生活, Banburubī Hajimete no Chikyū Seikatsu) is a 3-episode long retelling of the first half of the Bumblebee film with no spoilers. The series was released on Paramount Pictures' Japanese Twitter account.

 Principal cast and characters 

 Cast 

 Crew and production details 

 Reception 

 Box office performance 

 Critical and public response 

The film series has met with generally negative to mixed reception. With the exception of Bumblebee and Rise of the Beasts, common elements of the original film series were held in low esteem by critics, such as the repeated formulaic plots, sophomoric and toilet humor, female character objectification, clichéd and controversial characterizations, racial and cultural stereotypes, overuse of MacGuffins, product placement, long running times, and excessive retroactive continuity changes.The first Transformers film received mixed reviews from critics, with praise for its groundbreaking visual effects, sound design, action sequences, story, performances, with criticism for the Transformer redesigns and product placement. The second film, Revenge of the Fallen, received negative reviews, with criticism of its screenplay and runtime, but praise for its visual effects and sound design. The third film, Dark of the Moon, received mixed reviews from critics, with praise for its visual effects and sound design, but criticism for its screenplay and runtime.The fourth film, Age of Extinction received negative reviews from critics for its runtime and direction. The fifth film The Last Knight received negative reviews from critics for its direction, thin plot, and overlong runtime.Bumblebee, received positive reviews, with praise for its lighter tone, story, visuals, performances, voice acting, direction, action sequences, and faithfulness to the 1980s Transformers show. Rise of the Beasts received mixed reviews, with critics calling it an improvement over the pre–Bumblebee films, but with some criticism of the runtime.

 Accolades 
The franchise has been frequently praised and won awards for its visual effects and sound design. Michael Bay praised the crew and highlighted the importance of sound saying "I have like 2,000 people — through their artistry — making my dreams a film," Bay said. "The artistry of this sound group is just amazing. I love, love sound. It's 45–50% of the movies."

 Academy Awards 

 Golden Raspberry Awards 

 Visual Effects Society Awards 

 Other media 

In addition to the films, the film series has a promotional expanded series that is set both before and after the events of the films. This includes comic books, video games, and novels. While the novels are partially based on the films themselves, and the video games are not in the same continuity as the films, the comic books and graphic novels are in the same continuity and fill in several parts of the stories from the films. Also, Transformers: The Ride 3D is an amusement ride based on the film series. The ride introduced a new character, Autobot Evac, voiced by Dustin James Leighton.

 See also 
The Transformers: The Movie, a 1986 animated film based on the original TV series
G.I. Joe film series (Hasbro have teased a shared cinematic universe with the Transformers series)

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Transformers film series at AllMovie

Three Persian religions
The three Persian religions (Chinese: 唐代三夷教, Táng-dài sān yí jiào, transl. "Three Foreign Religions of the Tang Dynasty"), as a medieval Chinese concept, referred to a group of Iranian religions that spread to Tang China. They were recognized and protected under Tang rule, helping them to prosper in China at a time when Sassanid Iran was falling to the early Muslim conquests. The three religious movements identified by the term were Zoroastrianism, the Persian Church, and Manichaeism.

 Background 
The "three Persian religions" include:

Zoroastrianism (xiān-jiào 祆教)
Christian Church of the East (jǐng-jiào 景教)
Manichaeism (míng-jiào 明教)Zoroastrianism was first introduced to China in the early North and South Dynasties, while Christianity and Manichaeism were both introduced to the Central Plains during the Tang Dynasty. The second Tang emperor, Taizong Li Shimin, led an attack on the King of Gaochang, Koji Wentai, in the 13th year of the Zhenguan era (639). Thereafter, the Tang Dynasty reached its peak of prosperity until the reign of Emperor Xuanzong Kaiyuan, when an enlightened system and tolerance of religion opened the door to the spread of different cultures. The international capital of Chang'an, with a population of more than one million, was full of exoticism, with a strong Hu culture. Indian illusionists, Persian dancers, singers, musicians, harem girls, and exotic cuisine could be found in the streets, and polo was a popular activity at the court, where noble women also enjoyed horseback riding. Against this backdrop, the Tang Dynasty was naturally the best period for the spread of the three Persian religions.
However, the three Persian religions were also hit during the 9th century Tang Wuzong Huichang Persecution of Buddhism, and has gradually withdrawn from the stage of Chinese history. However, their influence is still looming in different periods. In particular, Manichaeism was transferred to the folk secrets in the later period, blending with Buddhism, Taoism, and folk beliefs. The "Xiapu Manuscript" of Fujian Province discovered in 2008 was probably written at the time of the Ming Dynasty. Nowadays, there are special masters in Xiapu County to keep these Ming-style ritual books (that is, books on mantras and religious rituals) shows that Xiapu Manichaeanism has been transformed into a new form and has been passed down as a Chinese folk belief.

 Overview 

 Zoroastrianism 

Zoroastrianism, which originated in Persia, and was the state religion of the Achaemenid Empire and the Sassanid Empire. Chen Yuan, in his book "The Introduction of Fire Zoroastrianism to China," argues that Zoroastrianism first became known in China during the Southern Liang period of the Northern Wei Dynasty, in the early 6th century A.D. The god Hu Tian, worshipped by Empress Ling of the Northern Wei Dynasty, was the god Ahura Mazda; Lin Wush believes that Zoroastrianism was introduced to China in the middle of the 5th century; and Rong Xinjiang, after examining various documents, believes that it was introduced to China in the early 4th century. Unlike other religions, which generally call their temples "temples," Zoroastrianism calls its temples "shrines". Zoroastrianism also differs from other religions in that its followers did not preach in China, nor did they translate scriptures, so only the Hu people, not the Han, followed. According to the unearthed epitaph of the Sogdian, there was a "Sabao" (also known as "Sabao") official position in the Sui and Tang Dynasties. Served for Sogdian Zoroastrians, specializing in the management of the Western Hu people living in the Central Plains and their religious activities. This teaching was especially prevalent among the Hua Sogdians. In Dunhuang during the five dynasties of the Tang Dynasty, there was a competition held by Sogdians. During the period when Wuzong Wuzong of the Tang Dynasty persecuted Buddhism, Zoroastrianism was also hit and disappeared in China after the Song Dynasty. Today's Zoroastrian art in China can mainly be unearthed from Sogdian Tombs.

 Christianity 

Jingjiao is the name given to the Eastern Christian Church after it was introduced to China. Since its seat was located in the Sassanid Empire of Persia, it was called the Great Qin Church and the Persian Scripture Church when it first entered the Tang Empire, and was eventually named in Chinese Jingjiao. According to the Daqin Jinghuism Popular China Tablet, in the ninth year of Emperor Taizong's reign (635), a great deity of Daqin, Alopen, came to Chang'an with a statue of the scriptures, and Emperor Taizong sent his chancellor, Fang Xuanling, to the western suburbs to welcome the guest inside. After examining the teachings, Emperor Taizong ordered the construction of a Daqin temple in Yiningfang, which was also known as the Jing religion temple, and began the translation of the scriptures with the help of Fang Xuanling and Wei Zheng. Thereafter, Jingism developed smoothly in China for 150 years, and at one time, "the Dharma flowed through ten provinces and the temples filled a hundred cities". According to the Dzogchen, the Persian monk Jingjing translated 35 Jing sutras into Chinese in the 8th century AD. It was not until Emperor Wu Zong of the Tang Dynasty initiated the persecution of Buddhism in Huichang that the Jing religion fell victim and declined rapidly. The second major expansion of the religion into China was not until after the establishment of the Yuan Dynasty, but it died out again during the Ming Dynasty. There are few artworks of the Jing religion left behind, but there are now paintings of Christ in the Zangjing cave and murals in the Jing temple in Gaochang. In addition, there are tombstones with engravings and decorations by Christians, and bronze medallions (bronze crosses and other shaped robes and decorations).

 Manichaeism 

Manichaeism is a Gnostic religion that originated in the territory of Sassanian Empire. It was created by the Persian Mani in the 3rd century AD and has always been regarded as a door of Christian heresy According to "The Buddhist history", In the first year of Wu Zetian's reign (694), the Persian Fudodan came to the dynasty with Manichean scriptures. The status of women in Manichaeism is very high, and Wu Zetian may have a good impression of them and treat Manichaeism preferentially. Later, the translated book "Manichaean Compendium" was banned by Emperor Xuanzong of Tang Dynasty because it borrowed a lot of Buddhist terminology and was judged to be "an evil opinion and a false claim of Buddhism that could confuse the people. After the An Lushan Rebellion, Uyghur Khanate established Manichaeism as the state religion. Relying on the political strength of the Uighurs, the religion began to spread widely in the Central Plains, and a Manichaean monastery, the Great Cloud Temple of Light, was established. It was not until the persecution of Buddhism by Emperor Wuzong of the Tang Dynasty in Huichang that Manichaeism was also banned. The religion then moved to the coastal areas of southern China, such as Fujian and Zhejiang, where it was secretly spread among the people and gradually combined with other religions, and remained intact through the Five Dynasties, Song and Yuan. After the Song Dynasty, the religion was renamed Mingism, and was denounced by the rulers of the time as a "vegetable-eating devil". "The reason for this is that Manichaeism rejects meat and vegetables, but its followers do not eat only vegetables; for them, fruits and vegetables are the most desirable food. The term "serving the devil" is a derogatory term used by those who are hostile to Manichaeism, saying that it serves demons. But in fact, the practice of Manichaeism is very strict. In addition to insisting on vegetarianism, Chen Yuan also pointed out that "Manichaeism is extremely strict with itself, extremely forgiving with others, extremely disciplined with itself, extremely fair with money, and no less than a moral religion. Thus, the religion was quite popular among the people". Manichaeism also attaches great importance to the juxtaposition of scriptures and pictures In the way of missions, the leader Mani not only wrote Seven Canons, but also drew Arzhang by himself. Manichaean artwork, such as manuscript illustrations, painted streamers, wall paintings, and silk scrolls, are brightly colored, gorgeous and dazzling.

 Supplement 

In addition to the Persian religions, Islam also spread to China during the Tang Dynasty. According to Chinese Muslim tradition, Muhammad's uncle Sa'd ibn Abi Waqqas was sent to China to meet Tang Gaozong, located in Guangzhou Tang Dynasty The construction of Huaisheng Mosque is related to him.

 See also 

 Further reading 
Zhang, Xiaogui (2011). "Zhonggu huahua xianjiao kaoshu [A Study of Sinicized Zoroastrianism in Medieval China]". Iranian Studies. 44 (3): 437–438. ISSN 0021-0862.

 References 

Krishnagiri Fort
Krishnagiri Fort, situated in the Krishnagiri district of Tamil Nadu, India, is a formidable historical stronghold that has witnessed the ebb and flow of various dynasties and colonial powers. This fortification, now preserved as a national monument under the auspices of the Archaeological Survey of India, holds a rich history dating back centuries.

 History 
The fort and its surroundings were commonly referred to as "Baramahal," a term that linguistically translates to "twelve forts." This nomenclature reflects the presence of twelve hilltop forts in the region, including Krishnagiri Fort. This majestic fort was built under the aegis of the Vijayanagara Empire.Jagadevarayar-I, a prominent chief of the Vijayanagara Empire, undertook a strategic migration from Hyderabad to Penukonda. Renowned for his exemplary valor, he played a crucial role in confronting and defeating the forces of the Bijapur army. The extraordinary bravery displayed by Jagadevarayar-I caught the attention of Ranga Raya-II, a representative of the Vijayanagara Empire stationed at Chandragiri.In recognition of his exceptional contributions, Ranga Raya-II granted him the governance of the Baramahal territory. Under his leadership, this formidable fortress, alongside other Baramahal forts, played a pivotal role in securing the region from invading armies, earning it the title 'Gateway of Tamil Nadu' and leaving an enduring imprint on the historical legacy of the Vijayanagara Empire.In the 1670s, the charismatic Maratha leader Shivaji I captured the Krishnagiri Fort during his Deccan expedition. Notably, the nearby MaharajaKadai Fort served as a trade post for the Marathas during this period.
During the 18th century, the fort faced yet another change in rulership when Hyder Ali, on the orders of Chikka Devaraja Wodeyar, the King of Mysore, captured the fort and the wider Baramahal region. Later, Hyder Ali usurped control of these territories from the Mysorean monarchy and established his own capital in Srirangapatna. In 1768 AD, Krishnagiri Fort eventually surrendered to the British forces following a protracted blockade during the First Anglo-Mysore War. Subsequently, Hyder Ali reclaimed control of the fort, culminating in the Treaty of Madras.
In 1792 AD, following Tipu Sultan's defeat in the Third Anglo-Mysore War at the hands of the Presidency armies and the subsequent signing of the Treaty of Srirangapatna, the East India Company assumed control of Krishnagiri Fort. Captain Alexander Reed was appointed as the first District Collector of the region under the Company's administration.The British strategically maintained Krishnagiri Fort as an arsenal, employing it as a pivotal defense structure to safeguard the region. However, following the events of the Sepoy Mutiny in 1857 AD and the subsequent transfer of control of India from the East India Company to the British Empire, the fort gradually lost its military significance. By 1900s, with the British rule firmly established in the region and no imminent threats, the fort fell into disuse. Finally, in the aftermath of India's independence in 1947 AD, Krishnagiri Fort came under the jurisdiction of the Indian government, marking the conclusion of its military role in the historical narrative.
Today, Krishnagiri Fort stands as a testament to its enduring historical significance and the myriad struggles for dominance that have shaped the course of its storied past.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

Government's Krishnagiri District website

3AW
3AW is a talkback radio station based in Melbourne, Australia, owned by parent company Nine Radio, a division of Nine Entertainment Co. It broadcasts on 693 kHz AM. It began transmission on 22 February 1932 as Melbourne's fifth commercial radio station.

 History 
3AW was established when a company formed by Allans Music, JC Williamson's and David Syme (then publishers of The Age newspaper) was granted a radio broadcasting licence, with the first broadcast on 22 February 1932. The A in 3AW comes from the names of "Allans" and "The Age"; and the W is from "J. C. Williamson".It is the only one of Melbourne's original eight stations that has retained its original name. (In comparison, Sydney, the only other Australian city with eight original stations had, until 2022, five of them still using their original names, but there are now only three such stations, namely 2GB, 2SM, 2UE.)
3AW has consistently appeared high in ratings surveys.In 1931/1932, 3AW was one of two organisations that applied for a licence for a new Melbourne radio station; the other contender being the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne. At the time, the Postmaster-General's Department was responsible for the issuing of all radio station licences, and it came out in favour of the 3AW application on the grounds that it had recently issued a licence to 2SM Sydney, on behalf of the Roman Catholic Church. However, a condition was placed on the 3AW licence to the effect that they had to provide one hour of free broadcasting to the Roman Catholic Church, at a time decided upon by the Church; hence The Catholic Hour was broadcast every Sunday night at was then a peak listening time, namely 9.00pm.The fact that The Catholic Hour was originally broadcast in peak listening time is emphasized by the fact the program was preceded by two of Australia's most listened-to programs, namely Quiz Kids and Caltex Radio Theatre In latter years, the nostalgia program Remember When was broadcast both prior to, and after The Catholic Hour. Therefore, in the 1990s (confirmation needed) 3AW management, ignorant of its history, decided to scrap The Catholic Hour and let Remember When continue right through the evening. Not surprisingly, the Church objected and the Australian Communications and Media Authority was called in to adjudicate. Their compromise decision was that the program should continue, but that the time should be decided upon by 3AW rather than by the Church.  Not surprisingly 3AW moved the program to an hour that had the least listeners of every time in the week; namely midnight to 1.00am on Sunday mornings. This meant that there were hardly any listeners to the program and, within just a few months, the Church scrapped The Catholic Hour altogether!
In 1938 the Macquarie Broadcasting Service was formed, with stations right across Australia, including 3AW in Melbourne. In 2015 the Macquarie Media Group was acquired by Fairfax Media and the name was changed to Nine Radio under which it currently operates.
3AW's first studio was situated in His Majesty's Theatre from whence it broadcast from 1932 to 1935.The 3AW studios are now located at Media House, 655 Collins Street, Melbourne where it shares facilities with Magic 1278, the Australian Financial Review and The Age newspapers. After moving from their original studios at His Majesty's Theatre, the station was re-sited at 382 Latrobe Street, where it remained for most of the next 55 years. However, during renovations at 382 Latrobe Street, 3AW moved into the former premises of the ABC in Melbourne Place, a laneway off Russell Street, near Little Collins Street, which is now the premises of the Kelvin Club. Then, from 1991 until March 2010, the station broadcast from studios located at Bank Street, South Melbourne.3AW's original broadcast frequency was 1425 kHz and changed to 1280 kHz on 1 September 1935 as part of a national reshuffle of the radio broadcasting spectrum. On 23 November 1978 the station changed to 1278 kHz with the introduction of 9 kHz spacing on the AM band. Due to poor reception problems, at 7:15 am on 1 May 2006, 3AW swapped with its sister station Magic to its present frequency of 693 kHz. The station's broadcast signal originates from a transmitter in Werribee.
In the 1950s, 3AW purchased 3CV in Maryborough in Central Victoria, which the "CV" nomenclature represents. For many years, 3AW programming was broadcast on 3CV after about 6.00pm.

 Broadcasters 
Sunday night host Philip Brady has already notched up 34 yearsDarren James has hosted weekend morning programs for 34 yearsOne of the current Breakfast presenters, Ross Stevenson has already been at the station for 32 years.
A number of people spent many years at 3AW in the past. Most of these are on the "3AW presenters" list (see "External Links" below). They include:

Neil Mitchell was with the station for 36 years (1987–2023) and filled a number of roles and hosted Mornings for 34 years. On 1 September 2023, Mitchell announced that he would retire on 1 December 2023 and this has occurred.  (3AW announced that Tom Elliott, Tony Moclair and Jacqueline Felgate will host Mornings, Afternoons and Drive from January 2024 following Neil Mitchell's retirement.)
David McGee who spent 31 years at 3AW, 1955–1986
Geoff Manion's 29 years (1956–1985),
Martha Gardener who was at the station for 30 years, from 1952 to 1982
Norman Banks, 26 years, 1952–1978
Football commentator Rex Hunt was with the station from 1989–2009 and again 2017–2021
The Revd. Alex Kenworthy presented the Nightline program for 20 years, 1971–1991
Fred Tupper was responsible for sporting and general programming, including the Nicky & Tuppy breakfast session, during his 21 years at the station, 1933–1954
One of 3AW's announcers when the station commenced in 1932 was John Masters who presented a request program, Choice of the People for many years. 30 minute segments of Choice of the People were broadcast at various times throughout the day. A photo in the 1987 history of the station shows that he was a member of the original 1932 broadcasting staff; and then there is a website that highlights the fact that he was still broadcasting in 1951, 19 years later; memories from listeners (not substantiated) show that his career continued for over a decade after that
Peter James (father of Darren James) was with the station for at least 18 years (1959–1987), although some sources suggest that he was with the station for at least 20 years.
Derryn Hinch broadcast at a number of radio and television stations and was at 3AW from 1979 to 1987, 2000–2001 and again from 2003 to 2012, a total of 23 years. However, he was often off the air (particularly during his last stint) due to suspension, poor health and house arrest.
Harry Beitzel was a football commentator on 3AW for 17 years, from 1972 to 1989, and in 2005 he rejoined 3AW as a semi-regular contributor to Rex Hunt's pre-match show.
Clifford Nicholls Whitta, or Nicky Whitta, usually referred to as Nicky Nicholls or simply Nicky, was at 3AW from 1932 to 1946. Whilst he may not have been at 3AW for as long a period as that of some of his confreres, he played an important role at the station. He presented the Nicky and Tuppy breakfast session with Fred Tupper (see above), and was also the name behind the extremely popular children's session which commenced in 1933. His partner in the children's session was Kathleen Lindgreen who broadcast under the name Nancy Lee. In 1935 Nicky and Kathleen Lindgreen were married.

 Charitable Appeals 

 Royal Women's Hospital 
During the 1950s, 60s & 70s, most Melbourne commercial radio stations conducted annual appeals for a specific charity. In 3AW's case, every Mother's Day, an appeal was conducted for the Royal Women's Hospital, with donations acknowledged on air. In latter years, former announcer Ray Chapman had control of the appeal as a full-time paid position with 3AW.

 Royal Children's Hospital 
The annual Good Friday appeal for the Royal Children's Hospital Melbourne commenced in 1931, and was a minor event with small sums raised each year. However when 3DB became involved in 1942, and began acknowledging donations on air, the amounts raised increased in one year by about 800%. 3DB and its successors 3TT and 101.1 TT-FM continued to support the appeal for a few years. However, 3AW has been the radio outlet for the appeal for a number of years now. 3AW works closely on the appeal with the main media outlet HSV 7.

 Technical innovations 
In April 2007, 3AW introduced cameras into their main studio so that fans, via the 3AW website, can watch the program being broadcast, as well as listen. The cameras do not operate during news services, commercial breaks, or outside broadcasts.
In August 2009, 3AW "went digital", offering a superior quality sound and other features, for those with digital receivers. Stations utilising the digital signal can also offer multi-channels and interactive features. The digital format used in Australia is DAB+, reportedly a superior technology to other digital formats.  the digital signal is not rebroadcast in road tunnels like the AM signal and does not have the distance range of AM.
In October 2011 (iPhone) and mid-2012 (Android), 3AW introduced an application (App) for smartphones or tablets. The application allows users to listen to the current program, read or listen to current news articles, get weather updates, contact the station via phone, email, Twitter or Facebook and also has an alarm clock feature.

 3AW Football (AFL) 
3AW Football is the brand under which 3AW broadcasts Australian rules football and the station broadcasts football on all AFL match days.
3AW Football dates back to 1953, and legendary commentators such as Norman Banks and Harry Beitzel have spent time calling games at 3AW. Rex Hunt called football at 3AW for 21 years before moving to rival Triple M in 2010.Matthew Lloyd and Dr Peter Larkins joined 3AW Football in 2012. The team for 2013 also had a number of changes,Stephen Quartermain called on weekends, alongside either Tim Lane or Tony Leonard and the expert commentators. Cameron Ling has an expert commentary role interchangeably on Friday nights, Saturday afternoons and Sunday afternoons.
2014 saw the departure of Stephen Quartermain, and the recruitment of Nathan Brown as a ball-by-ball commentator for Saturday night and Sunday twilight matches.

 Former 3AW Football team members 
(not a complete list)

 Cricket 
On 1 November 2013, 3AW's parent company, Fairfax Radio Network (FRN), announced that it had signed a five-year non-exclusive contract commencing with the 2013/2014 Australian cricket season, to broadcast the Boxing Day and Sydney Test matches, all One Day Internationals, the Big Bash League (BBL) and International T20 matches on network stations including 3AW. Subsequently, in December 2013, FRN decided on an earlier start to their coverage by including the Perth test match which commenced on 13 December 2013. Fairfax stated that "Fairfax Radio Network will bring to its coverage more than 60 years' experience of broadcasting sport, assembling a star-studded commentary line up". The coverage will provide a ball-by-ball commentary of all broadcast matches.The commentary team is anchored by Tim Lane and Bruce Eva, together with a panel consisting of the following experts

 Horse Racing 
During his years at 3AW, 1933–1954, Fred Tupper (see above) provided sporting coverage, particularly horse racing.

 Station ratings and market position 
In the sixth ratings survey for 2014, released 30 September 2014, 3AW came first with a 13.8% market share followed by ABC Radio Melbourne with 11.4% and Fox FM with 8.2%. In this survey 3AW won every timeslot.In the fifth ratings survey for 2014, released 26 August 2014, 3AW came first with a 14% market share followed by ABC Radio Melbourne with 12% and Fox FM with 8.0%.In the fourth survey, 3AW lost its No. 1 station rating, scoring a 13.0% market share against ABC Radio Melbourne's 13.4% share with Gold 104.3 FM third on 7.4%.In the first survey for 2014, released on 11 March 2014, 3AW was the No. 1 station scoring an 11.9% market share followed by ABC Radio Melbourne's 10.6% share with Fox FM third on 8.5%. This survey was also the first for new ratings supplier GfK Group, the company that has taken over the running of surveys from Nielsen ratings which produced the surveys for 66 years.The final ratings survey for 2013 and the last to be conducted by Nielsen, saw 3AW complete five years as Melbourne's number one radio station with 40 consecutive survey wins.

 Controversies 
In 1996, drive-time host Paul Barber was dismissed for telling listeners to boycott the Nine Network program, A Current Affair over the treatment of the Paxton family. He was dismissed after the Nine Network withdrew up to $300,000 in advertising.In 1999, presenter Bruce Mansfield was sacked after it emerged that he had received benefits in exchange for giving favourable comments and interviews to companies on-air without proper prior disclosure. He returned to the station as its night-time presenter in 2001.Former presenter Steve Price was tricked into accepting fake ecstasy tablets pressed with "3AW" from comedian John Safran as part of Safran's television show.Elise Elliott (formerly known as Elise Mooney) was exposed on ABC TV's Media Watch for plagiarizing a story when a salaried editor. Journalistic eyebrows have been raised at her appointment by 3AW, and whether this issue was disclosed by her.

 See also 
3AW Breakfast
Rumour File
Radio Times
List of radio stations in Australia

 Publication 
Campion, Margaret, 3AW is Melbourne. 75 Years of Radio, Prime Advertising Marketing Publishing, 1987.

 References 

 External links 
3AW
Article with 3AW/3EE Change-over photos and audio

Ufone
Pak Telecommunication Mobile Limited or Ufone is a Pakistani GSM cellular service provider. It is the third mobile operator to enter Pakistani market. It started its operations under the brand Ufone, in Islamabad on January 29, 2001.
PTML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pakistan Telecommunication Company Limited. Following PTCL's privatization, Ufone became a part of the Etisalat in 2006.
Ufone is the smallest mobile service provider in Pakistan with a subscriber base of 25 million. It has a market share of 13%, the least among all four mobile operators.Ufone had appointed Rashid Khan as its CEO who had been the CEO of Jazz from 2008 to 2014. He was appointed as acting CEO again in August 2017. Rashid Khan died on 17 December 2020.

 History 
The company commenced its operations, under the brand name of Ufone, from Islamabad on January 29, 2001. Gen. Pervez Musharraf, President of Pakistan had inaugurated the service on that day. 
Ufone became a part of the Emirates Telecommunication Corporation Group (Etisalat) in 2006.

 Radio Frequency Summary 
Ufone had bid on a 5 MHz block of 2100 MHz spectrum in the NGMS auction held in early 2014, however due to rising demand and lack of bandwidth to keep up, in December 2016, Ufone decided to re-farm a portion of its 900 MHz 2G network to 3G (HSPA+), and is now offering 3G over two frequencies to deal with the increasing load on the network. Ufone has only re-farmed their 900 MHz spectrum in Karachi, Lahore, Rawalpindi/Islamabad, Abbottabad, Sheikhupura and Sialkot.PTML Ufone won 2x9 MHz of 1800 MHz in the 2021 NGMS auction held by PTA, bringing its total spectrum in the band up to 15 MHz which will be used for improvement of its existing 4G services.

 4G launch 
On 9 February 2019, Ufone launched its 4G network in the twin cities of Islamabad and Rawalpindi. It has done so using existing NGMS licenses. Ufone has now expanded its 4G coverage to Lahore, Karachi, Faisalabad, Sialkot, Peshawar, Quetta, Attock, Hyderabad, Mirpurkhas, Digri, Jhuddo, Naukot, Mithi, Pabbi, Multan and Nowshehra with planning to launch 4G in more cities soon.

 See also 
Communications in Pakistan
Uth Records
List of mobile phone companies in Pakistan
UPaisa

 References 

Plato's Retreat
Plato's Retreat was a swingers' club catering to heterosexual couples and bisexual women. From 1977 until 1985 it operated in two locations in Manhattan, New York City, United States. The first was the former location of the Continental Baths, a gay bathhouse that also showcased artists who went on to great success including Bette Midler, Barry Manilow, and Melissa Manchester.

 Establishment 
In 1976, Larry Levenson, a high school friend of Al Goldstein and a former fast-food manager who was selling ice cream at Coney Island, was introduced  to the swinging lifestyle by a woman he met at a bar. After organizing swinging parties himself for a time, he opened a club "for swingers" in 1977, in the basement of the Kenmore Hotel on East 23rd Street between Lexington and Third Avenue (145 E 23rd St), and called it "Plato's Retreat." The same year, he moved it to the basement of the Ansonia Hotel, an early 20th-century building on 2109 Broadway between West 73rd and West 74th Streets on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. The hotel used to house the Continental Baths, a gay bathhouse where singer Bette Midler, often accompanied by Barry Manilow on a baby grand piano, first became a national figure.

 Rules and premises 
Plato's Retreat was a "members-only" establishment that was legally not a public business. This meant that members had to follow the club's rules. Levenson did not allow men unaccompanied by a female to enter. This was an attempt to block male homosexuals, and he also prohibited male-male sexual activity between the men that did get in. Woman on woman sex, however, he encouraged. Unaccompanied women were welcome, often at a discounted rate, or free. Once a woman left a room after a sexual encounter, her male companion had to accompany her within two minutes. This rule was intended to control the male–female ratio. Alcohol was forbidden. Drugs (at the time alcohol was not considered a drug) and paid sexual services were also forbidden, but the prohibitions were not enforced, which would have been difficult at best. In later years sex workers did frequent the premises and there was "rampant" use of drugs (most often quaaludes) by patrons.According to a 1979 advertisement in Screw magazine, the club offered, besides a heated swimming pool, a steam sauna, whirlpool baths, disco dancing, free bar and buffet, "cozy living rooms and lounging areas", a "variety of swing areas", and a backgammon lounge.

 Fame 
During its heyday, Plato's Retreat was considered the world's most infamous sex club, popular with celebrities, porn stars, and well-to-do couples. The clientele was described as "an assortment of kinky types from the suburbs: dry cleaners and their wives, or fat men in toupees with their heavily made-up girlfriends." Owner Levenson often partook in sexual activity on the premises, once winning a bet against Al Goldstein and 'Butch' Katz, owner of 42nd Street's Roxy Burlesk theater, that he could ejaculate fifteen times within a twenty-four-hour day. George Urban visited the club to film a segment for his television show The Ugly George Hour of Truth, Sex, and Violence.In 1979, Levenson opened Plato's West, on Ivar Avenue  in Los Angeles, but the venture, "a failed attempt at franchising", was not successful and lasted only six months.In 1980, Plato's relocated to 509 West 34th Street.

 Decline and closure 
In 1985, New York City Mayor Ed Koch backed the New York City Health Department's decision to shut down the city's gay bathhouses, in response to concerns over the spread of HIV/AIDS. In closing the gay bathhouses while allowing the heterosexual swingers' clubs – most notably Plato's Retreat – to remain open, the city found itself in violation of the newly adopted anti-discrimination law. The Health Department, with Koch's approval, reacted by ordering the heterosexual clubs, including Plato's Retreat, to close as well. The club's Manhattan location was shut down on New Year's Eve 1985, ostensibly for violating public-health ordinances.In 1981, Levenson and his by-then two partners along with Plato's accountant were tried and convicted for tax evasion. When the prosecutor asked Levenson—who was the only owner to take the stand—why Plato's kept its accounting records off the premises, Levenson replied, “Where would I keep them, in the swimming pool?” He served an 8-year prison sentence at the Allenwood federal prison. After serving his sentence, Levenson worked in various jobs, such as cab driver. He died in 1999 after a quadruple bypass heart surgery.

 In Florida 
The descendant of Plato's Retreat was Plato's Repeat. It first appeared in 1995 in a listing of adult establishments in Miami, a "very unique pvt club". It then opened as a BYOB club at 321 Sunrise, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, run by "the wife of the original owner". (Larry Levinson's 1999 obituary does not mention a wife.) It was an on-premises heterosexual swingers' club, open Monday to Sunday from eight p.m. until the last person left. Saturday night was for couples only.
In 2006, Plato's Repeat closed, The Fort Lauderdale building reopened in 2016 as a gay men's sex club under the name "321 Slammer", keeping the same bring-your-own format.In the 2010s, there are reportedly numerous on-premises swingers' clubs operating in South Florida.

 In popular culture 
In 1978, Joe Thomas released a disco single, "Plato's Retreat," with lyrics referring to the club. The 2009 documentary American Swing relates the story of Plato's Retreat with archival footage and interviews.In 1980, Citrus Productions released the high-budget adult film Plato's: The Movie, based on the club, directed by Joe Sherman.
In 2006, Aaron Sorkin's Studio 60 on The Sunset Strip refenced Plato's Retreat. In Season 1 Episode 3, The Focus Group, the ex-husband of newly-named NBS President for Entertainment Programming, Jordan McDeere, is attempting to cash in on her newfound notoriety (and a conservative Christian backlash against NBS's flagship sketch show) by shopping a tell-all memoir, which includes tales of her accompanying him to sex clubs at his request.
A scene in Spike Lee's film Summer of Sam takes place at Plato's Retreat.
Pro wrestler Jesse Ventura would occasionally wear "Plato's Retreat" T-shirts during wrestling interviews in both the AWA and WWE.

 See also 
Exhibitionism
Sexual liberation

 References 

 External links 
Bachrach, Judy (23 February 1978). "The Romans Did It, and Now..." The Washington Post. Retrieved 21 September 2018.

List of vegan media
This list contains media that discuss vegan messages and ideas. They generally involve the discussion of the vegan philosophy and diet in relation to ethics, environmentalism, and nutrition.

 Documentary films 

 Books 

 Magazines and online publications 
Naked Food
VegNews
Vegetarian Times

 Newspaper columns 
Vegan Kitchen, Maine Sunday Telegram, written by Avery Yale Kamila

 Podcasts 
Food for Thought
Main Street Vegan
Nutrition Facts
Our Hen House
The ChickPeeps
The Vegan Pod: A Podcast by The Vegan Society

 YouTube channels 
That Vegan Teacher
Beyond Carnism
Acharya Prashant
Joey Carbstrong
Gary Yourofsky

 Cooking shows 
Post Punk Kitchen, (2003-2005), Brooklyn and Manhattan public access cable, hosted by Isa Chandra Moskowitz and Terry Hope Romero
Vegan MashUp, PBS, hosted by Toni Fiore
Living on the Veg, hosted by BOSH! chefs Henry Firth and Ian Theasby
Evolving Vegan (2023), TV Show, hosted by Mena Massoud
It's CompliPlated (2023), Food Network, hosted by Tabitha Brown

 See also 
List of fictional vegetarian characters
List of songs about animal rights
List of vegetarian and vegan companies
History of veganism
History of vegetarianism

 References 

Brittany
Brittany (, French: Bretagne, French: [bʁətaɲ] ; Breton: Breizh, Breton: [bʁɛjs], or Breton: [bʁɛx]; Gallo: Bertaèyn or Bertègn, locally [bəʁtaɛɲ]) is a peninsula, historical country and cultural area in the north-west of modern France, covering the western part of what was known as Armorica during the period of Roman occupation. It became an independent kingdom and then a duchy before being united with the Kingdom of France in 1532 as a province governed as a separate nation under the crown.
Brittany has also been referred to as Little Britain (as opposed to Great Britain, with which it shares an etymology). It is bordered by the English Channel to the north, Normandy to the northeast, eastern Pays de la Loire to the southeast, the Bay of Biscay to the south, and the Celtic Sea and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. Its land area is 34,023 km2 (13,136 sq mi).
Brittany is the site of some of the world's oldest standing architecture, home to the Cairn of Barnenez, the Tumulus Saint-Michel and others, which date to the early 5th millennium BC. Today, the historical province of Brittany is split among five French departments: Finistère in the west, Côtes-d'Armor in the north, Ille-et-Vilaine in the northeast, Morbihan in the south and Loire-Atlantique in the southeast. Loire-Atlantique now belongs to the Pays de la Loire region while the other four departments make up the Brittany region.
At the 2010 census, the population of historic Brittany was estimated to be 4,475,295. In 2017, the largest metropolitan areas were Nantes (934,165 inhabitants), Rennes (733,320 inhabitants), and Brest (321,364 inhabitants). Brittany is the traditional homeland of the Breton people and is one of the six Celtic nations, retaining a distinct cultural identity that reflects its history. A nationalist movement seeks greater autonomy within the French Republic, or independence from it. The reunification of Brittany is supported by half of the inhabitants of Brittany and of Loire-Atlantique, and is considered a prerequisite to further autonomy.

 Etymology 
The word Brittany, along with its French, Breton and Gallo equivalents Bretagne, Breizh and Bertaèyn, derive from the Latin Britannia, which means "land of the Britons". This word had been used by the Romans since the 1st century to refer to Great Britain, and more specifically the Roman province of Britain. This word derives from a Greek word, Πρεττανικη (Prettanike) or Βρεττανίαι (Brettaniai), used by Pytheas, an explorer from Massalia who visited the British Isles around 320 BC. The Greek word itself comes from the common Brythonic ethnonym reconstructed as *Pritanī, itself from Proto-Celtic *kʷritanoi (ultimately from Proto-Indo-European *kʷer- 'to cut, make').
In Roman times, Armorica included what is now Brittany. This was an indefinite region that extended along the English Channel coast from the Seine estuary, then along the Atlantic coast to the Loire estuary and, according to several sources, maybe to the Garonne estuary. This term probably comes from a Gallic word, aremorica, which means "close to the sea". Another name, Letauia (in English "Litavis"), was used until the 12th century. It possibly means "wide and flat" or "to expand" and it gave the Welsh name for Brittany: Llydaw.After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, many Cornish Britons settled in western Armorica to escape the Saxons and the region started to be called Britannia, although this name only replaced Armorica in the sixth century or perhaps by the end of the fifth.Breton-speaking people may pronounce the word Breizh in two different ways, according to their region of origin. Breton can be divided into two main dialects: the KLT (Kerne-Leon-Tregor) and the dialect of Vannes. KLT speakers pronounce it [brɛjs] and would write it Breiz, while the Vannetais speakers pronounce it [brɛχ] and would write it Breih. The official spelling is a compromise between both variants, with a z and an h together. In 1941, efforts to unify the dialects led to the creation of the so-called Breton zh, a standard which has never been widely accepted. On its side, Gallo has never had a widely accepted writing system and several ones coexist. For instance, the name of the region in that language can be written Bertaèyn in ELG script, or Bertègn in MOGA, and a couple of other scripts also exist.

 History 

 Prehistoric origins 
Brittany has been inhabited by humans since the Lower Palaeolithic. This population was scarce and very similar to the other Neanderthals found in the whole of Western Europe. Their only original feature was a distinct culture, called "Colombanian". One of the oldest hearths in the world has been found in Plouhinec, Finistère.
Homo sapiens settled in Brittany around 35,000 years ago. They replaced or absorbed the Neanderthals and developed local industries, similar to the Châtelperronian or to the Magdalenian. After the last glacial period, the warmer climate allowed the area to become heavily wooded. At that time, Brittany was populated by relatively large communities who started to change their lifestyles from a life of hunting and gathering, to become settled farmers. Agriculture was introduced during the 5th millennium BC by migrants from the south and east. However, the Neolithic Revolution in Brittany did not happen due to a radical change of population, but by slow immigration and exchange of skills.Neolithic Brittany is characterised by important megalithic production and sites such as Quelfénnec, it is sometimes designated as the "core area" of megalithic culture. The oldest monuments, cairns, were followed by princely tombs and stone rows. The Morbihan département, on the southern coast, comprises a large share of these structures, including the Carnac stones and the Broken Menhir of Er Grah in the Locmariaquer megaliths, the largest single stone erected by Neolithic people.

 Gallic era 
During the protohistorical period, Brittany was inhabited by five Celtic tribes:
The Curiosolitae, who lived around the present town of Corseul. Their territory encompassed parts of Côtes-d'Armor, Ille-et-Vilaine and Morbihan départements.
The Namnetes, who lived in the current Loire-Atlantique département (in today's administrative région of Pays de la Loire), north of the Loire. They gave their name to the city of Nantes. The south bank of the river was occupied by an allied tribe, the Ambilatres, whose existence and territory remain unsure.
The Osismii, who lived in the western part of Brittany. Their territory comprised the Finistère département and the western extremity of Côtes-d'Armor and Morbihan.
The Redones (or Rhedones), who lived in the eastern part of the Ille-et-Vilaine département. They gave their name to the city of Rennes (Roazhon in Breton language, in the center of the département) and to the town of Redon (in the south of the département, bordering the département of Loire-Atlantique in the administrative région of Pays de la Loire, where its suburb town of Saint-Nicolas-de-Redon is located; however the city of Redon was founded around AD 832 under the initial name of Riedones, long after the Redones people were assimilated to Bretons; the cultural link between Riedones and the former Redones people is highly probable but difficult to recover and the name of Riedones may have been written from a local usage preserving the name of the former people in the vernacular oral language from a reading of an ancient Greek orthography).
The Veneti, who lived in the present Morbihan département and gave their name to the city of Vannes. Despite confusion by the classical scholar Strabo, they were unrelated to the Adriatic Veneti.Those people had strong economic ties to the Insular Celts, especially for the tin trade. Several tribes also belonged to an "Armorican confederation" which, according to Julius Caesar, gathered the Curiosolitae, the Redones, the Osismii, the Unelli, the Caletes, the Lemovices and the Ambibarii. The Unelli, Caletes, and Lemovices were respectively located in Cotentin (Lower-Normandy), pays de Caux (Upper-Normandy), and Limousin (Aquitaine); the location of the Ambibarii is unknown. The Caletes are sometimes also considered Belgians, and Lemovices is probably a mistake for Lexovii (Lower-Normandy).

 Gallo-Roman era 
The region became part of the Roman Republic in 51 BC. It was included in the province of Gallia Lugdunensis in 13 BC. Gallic towns and villages were redeveloped according to Roman standards, and several cities were created. These cities are Condate (Rennes), Vorgium (Carhaix), Darioritum (Vannes) and Condevincum or Condevicnum (Nantes). Together with Fanum Martis (Corseul), they were the capitals of the local civitates. They all had a grid plan and a forum, and sometimes a temple, a basilica, thermae or an aqueduct, like Carhaix.
The Romans also built three major roads through the region. However, most of the population remained rural. The free peasants lived in small huts, whereas the landowners and their employees lived in proper villae rusticae. The Gallic deities continued to be worshiped, and were often assimilated to the Roman gods. Only a small number of statues depicting Roman gods were found in Brittany, and most of the time they combine Celtic elements.During the 3rd century AD, the region was attacked several times by Franks, Alamanni and pirates. At the same time, the local economy collapsed and many farming estates were abandoned. To face the invasions, many towns and cities were fortified, like Nantes, Rennes and Vannes.This area was also affected by the Bagaudae (also spelled bacaudae) during this period, which were groups of peasant insurgents. 
The Bagaudae achieved some temporary and scattered successes under the leadership of members of the underclass as well as former members of local ruling elites.

 Immigration of the Britons 
Toward the end of the 4th century, the Britons of Domnonée (modern Devon and Cornwall) on the South-Western peninsula of Great Britain began to emigrate to Armorica, which is why the Breton language is more closely related to recorded Cornish.

 The Romano-Britons 
The history behind such an establishment is unclear, but medieval Breton, Angevin and Welsh sources connect it to a figure known as Conan Meriadoc. Welsh literary sources assert that Conan came to Armorica on the orders of the Roman usurper Magnus Maximus, who sent some of his British troops to Gaul to enforce his claims and settled them in Armorica. This account was supported by the Counts of Anjou, who claimed descent from a Roman soldier expelled from Lower Brittany by Conan on Magnus's orders.

 Battle of the Catalaunian Plains 
The army recruited for Flavius Aetius to combat Attila the Hun at the Battle of the Catalaunian Plains included Romans, Visigoths, Franks, Alans and Armoricans, amongst others.  The Alans were placed front and centre, opposite the Huns. The Armoricans supplied archers who attacked the Huns' front lines during the main battle and thwarted Attila's night assault on the Roman camp with a hail of arrows "like rain".  After the battle was won, Aetius sent the Alans to Armorica and Galicia.

 Riothamus 
The late 5th century Brittonic leader Riothamus received correspondence from the eminent Roman jurist Sidonius Apollinaris and was called "King of the Britons" by Jordanes.  Some suggest that he was a Breton, though others believe that he was from Britain, pointing to the passage that he arrived in the land of the Biturges "by way of Ocean", which would hardly have been efficient or required for a Breton.  Both historians describe Riothamus's losing battle against King Euric of the Visigoths at Déols around the year 470.
In response to a plea from the Roman Emperor Anthemius, Riothamus had led twelve thousand men to establish a military presence in Bourges in central Gaul, but was betrayed by Arvandus, the Praetorian Prefect of Gaul, and subsequently ambushed by Euric's army. After a long battle, the Armorican survivors escaped to Avallon in Burgundy, after which they are lost to history.  According to Breton king-lists, Riotham survived and reigned as Prince of Domnonia until his death sometime between 500 and 520, though this may have been a different person.

 Additional waves of Britons 
Regardless of the truth of this story, Brythonic (British Celtic) settlement probably increased during the Anglo-Saxon invasion of Britain in the 5th and 6th centuries. Scholars such as Léon Fleuriot have suggested a two-wave model of migration from Britain which saw the emergence of an independent Breton people and established the dominance of the Brythonic Breton language in Armorica. Their petty kingdoms are now known by the names of the counties that succeeded them—Domnonée (Devon), Cornouaille (Cornwall), Léon (Caerleon); but these names in Breton and Latin are in most cases identical to their British homelands. (In Breton and French, however, Gwened or Vannetais continued the name of the indigenous Veneti.) Although the details remain confused, these colonies consisted of related and intermarried dynasties which repeatedly unified (as by the 7th-century Saint Judicaël) before splintering again according to Celtic inheritance practices.

 Middle Ages 

 The Kingdom of Brittany 

At the beginning of the medieval era, Brittany was divided among three kingdoms, Domnonea, Cornouaille and Broërec. These realms eventually merged into a single state during the 9th century. The unification of Brittany was carried out by Nominoe, king between 845 and 851 and considered as the Breton Pater Patriae. Among the immigrant Britons, there were some clergymen who helped the evangelisation of the region, which was still pagan, particularly in rural areas.His son Erispoe secured the independence of the new kingdom of Brittany and won the Battle of Jengland against Charles the Bald. The Bretons won another war in 867, and the kingdom reached then its maximum extent: It received parts of Normandy, Maine and Anjou and the Channel Islands.

 Viking occupation 
Brittany was heavily attacked by the Vikings at the beginning of the 10th century. The kingdom lost its eastern territories, including Normandy and Anjou, and the county of Nantes was given to Fulk I of Anjou in 909. Nantes was seized by the Vikings in 914. At this time Brittany was also called Lydwiccum.

 The Duchy of Brittany 

Nantes was eventually liberated by Alan II of Brittany in 937 with the support of his godbrother King Æthelstan of England.
Alan II totally expelled the Vikings from Brittany and recreated a strong Breton state. For aiding in removing the problem, Alan paid homage to Louis IV of France (who was Æthelstan's nephew and had returned from England in the same year as Alan II) and thus Brittany ceased to be a kingdom and became a duchy.

 Norman allies 
Several Breton lords helped William the Conqueror to invade England and the Bretons formed over a third of the landing force in 1066. They received large estates there (e.g. William's double-second cousin Alan Rufus and the latter's brother Brian of Brittany). The Bretons helped to liberate the Cornish, replacing Anglo-Saxon land owners. Some of these lords were powerful rivals.

 Internal disputes 
Medieval Brittany was far from being a united nation. The French king maintained envoys in Brittany, alliances contracted by local lords often overlapped and there was no specific Breton unity. For example, Brittany replaced Latin with French as its official language in the 13th century, 300 years before France did so, and the Breton language did not have formal status.
The foreign policy of the Duchy changed many times; the Dukes were usually independent, but they often contracted alliances with England or France depending on who was threatening them at that point. Their support for each nation became very important during the 14th century because the English kings had started to claim the French throne.
The Breton War of Succession, a local episode of the Hundred Years' War, saw the House of Blois, backed by the French, fighting with the House of Montfort, backed by the English. The Montforts won in 1364 and enjoyed a period of total independence until the end of the Hundred Years' War, because France was weakened and stopped sending royal envoys to the Court of Brittany.
English diplomatic failures led to the Breton cavalry commanders Arthur, Comte de Richemont (later to become Arthur III, Duke of Brittany) and his nephew Peter II, Duke of Brittany playing key roles on the French side during the deciding stages of the war (including the battles of Patay, Formigny and Castillon and the Treaty of Arras).
Brittany importantly lost the Mad War against France in 1488, mostly because of its internal divisions that were exacerbated by the corruption at the court of Francis II, Duke of Brittany. Indeed, some rebel Breton lords were fighting on the French side.

 Union with the French Crown and modern period 

As a result of the Mad War, the Duke Francis II could not have his daughter Anne married without the king of France's consent. Nonetheless, she married the Holy Roman Emperor in 1490,  leading to a crisis with France. Charles VIII of France besieged Rennes and had the marriage cancelled. He eventually married Anne of Brittany. After he died childless, the duchess had to marry his heir and cousin Louis XII. Anne unsuccessfully tried to preserve Breton independence, but she died in 1514, and the union between the two crowns was formally carried out by Francis I in 1532. He granted several privileges to Brittany, such as exemption from the gabelle, a tax on salt that was very unpopular in France. Under the Ancien Régime, Brittany and France were governed as separate countries but under the same crown, so Breton aristocrats in the French royal court were classed as Princes étrangers (foreign princes).
From the 15th to the 18th century, Brittany reached an economic golden age. The region was located on the seaways near Spain, England and the Netherlands and it greatly benefited from the creation of a French colonial empire. Local seaports like Brest and Saint-Brieuc quickly expanded, and Lorient, first spelled "L'Orient", was founded in the 17th century. Saint-Malo then was known for its corsairs, Brest was a major base for the French Navy and Nantes flourished with the Atlantic slave trade. On its side, the inland provided hemp ropes and canvas and linen sheets. However, Colbertism, which encouraged the creation of many factories, did not favour the Breton industry because most of the royal factories were opened in other provinces. Moreover, several conflicts between France and England led the latter to restrain its trade, and the Breton economy went into recession during the 18th century.

 The centralisation problem 
Two significant revolts occurred in the 17th and 18th centuries: the Revolt of the papier timbré (1675) and the Pontcallec conspiracy (1719). Both arose from attempts to resist centralisation and assert Breton constitutional exceptions to tax.

 Breton exodus 
Many Bretons crossed the Atlantic to support the American War of Independence. These included many sailors such as Armand de Kersaint and soldiers such as Charles Armand Tuffin, marquis de la Rouërie.

 The French Revolution of 1789 – Division of Brittany into five departments 
The Duchy was legally abolished with the French Revolution that began in 1789 - and in 1790 the province of Brittany was divided into five departments: Côtes-du-Nord (later Côtes-d'Armor), Finistère, Ille-et-Vilaine, Loire-Inférieure (later Loire-Atlantique) and Morbihan. Brittany essentially lost all its special privileges that existed under the Duchy. Three years later, the area became a centre of royalist and Catholic resistance to the Revolution during the Chouannerie.

During the 19th century, Brittany remained in economic recession, and many Bretons emigrated to other French regions, particularly to Paris. This trend remained strong until the beginning of the 20th century. Nonetheless, the region was also modernising, with new roads and railways being built, and some places being industrialised. Nantes specialised in shipbuilding and food processing (sugar, exotic fruits and vegetables, fish...), Fougères in glass and shoe production, and metallurgy was practised in small towns such as Châteaubriant and Lochrist, known for its labour movements.The region remained deeply Catholic, and during the Second Empire, the conservative values were strongly reasserted. When the Republic was re-established in 1871, there were rumours that Breton troops were mistrusted and mistreated at Camp Conlie during the Franco-Prussian War because of fears that they were a threat to the Republic.
During the 19th century, the Breton language started to decline precipitously, mainly because of the Francization policy conducted under the Third Republic. On one hand, children were not allowed to speak Breton at school, and were punished by teachers if they did. Famously, signs in schools read: "It is forbidden to speak Breton and to spit on the floor" ("Il est interdit de parler Breton et de cracher par terre").
At the same time, the Celtic Revival led to the foundation of the Breton Regionalist Union (URB) and later to independence movements linked to Irish, Welsh, and Scottish and Cornish independence parties in the UK, and to pan-Celticism. However, the audience of these movements remained very low and their ideas did not reach a large public until the 20th century. The Seiz Breur movement, created in 1923, permitted a Breton artistic revival but its ties with Nazism and the collaborationism of the Breton National Party during World War II weakened Breton nationalism in the post-war period.
Brittany lost 240,000 men during the First World War. The Second World War was also catastrophic for the region. It was invaded by Nazi Germany in 1940 and freed after Operation Cobra in August 1944. However, the areas around Saint-Nazaire and Lorient only surrendered on 10 and 11 May 1945, several days after the German capitulation. The two port towns had been virtually destroyed by Allied air raids, like Brest and Saint-Malo, and other towns, such as Nantes and Rennes, had also suffered.
In 1956, Brittany was legally reconstituted as the Region of Brittany, although the region excluded the ducal capital of Nantes and the surrounding area. Nevertheless, Brittany retained its cultural distinctiveness, and a new cultural revival emerged during the 1960s and 1970s. Bilingual schools were opened, singers started to write songs in Breton, and ecological catastrophes such as the Amoco Cadiz oil spill or the Erika oil spill and water pollution from intensive pig farming favoured new movements to protect the natural heritage.

 Government and politics 

 Traditional subdivisions 
Brittany as a political entity disappeared in 1790, when it was divided into five départements. The Breton départements more or less correspond to the nine Catholic dioceses that appeared at the beginning of the Middle Ages. They were often called "pays" or "bro" ("country" in French and Breton) and they also served as fiscal and military districts. Brittany is also divided between Lower Brittany ("Basse Bretagne" and "Breizh Izel"), corresponding to the western half, where Breton is traditionally spoken, and Upper Brittany ("Haute Bretagne" and "Breizh Uhel"), corresponding to the eastern half, where Gallo is traditionally spoken. The historical Breton dioceses were:

Upper Brittany:
The Pays nantais, around Nantes, corresponding to the Loire-Atlantique département.
The Pays rennais, around Rennes, forming part of the Ille-et-Vilaine département.
The Pays de Dol, around Dol-de-Bretagne, corresponding to the northern part of the Ille-et-Vilaine département.
The Pays de Saint-Brieuc, around Saint-Brieuc, forming part of the Côtes-d'Armor département.
The Pays de Saint-Malo, around Saint-Malo, divided between Ille-et-Vilaine, Côtes-d'Armor and Morbihan.
Lower Brittany:
The Pays vannetais, around Vannes, corresponding to the Morbihan département.
The Cornouaille, around Quimper, divided between Finistère and Côtes-d'Armor.
The Léon, around Saint-Pol-de-Léon, corresponding to the northern part of the Finistère département.
The Trégor, around Tréguier, forming part of the Côtes-d'Armor département.During the French Revolution, four dioceses were suppressed and the five remaining ones were modified to have the same administrative borders as the départements.

 Capital cities 
Brittany has several historical capital cities. When it was an independent duchy, the Estates of Brittany, which can be compared to a parliament, met in various towns: Dinan, Ploërmel, Redon, Rennes, Vitré, Guérande, and, most of all, Vannes, where they met 19 times, and Nantes, 17 times. The Court and the government were also very mobile, and each dynasty favoured its own castles and estates. The dukes mostly lived in Nantes, Vannes, Redon, Rennes, Fougères, Dol-de-Bretagne, Dinan and Guérande. All these towns except Vannes and Guérande are located in Upper Brittany, thus not in the Breton speaking area.
Among all these towns, only Nantes, Rennes and Vannes, which were the biggest ones, could really pretend to the capital status. The dukes were crowned in Rennes and they had a large castle there; it was however destroyed during the 15th century. Vannes, on its side, was the seat of the Chamber of Accounts and of the Parliament until the union with France. The Parliament was then transferred to Rennes, and the Chamber of Accounts to Nantes. Nantes, nicknamed "the city of the Dukes of Brittany", was also the permanent residence of the last dukes. The Château des ducs de Bretagne still stands in the city centre. Nowadays, Rennes is the only official capital of the region of Brittany. It is also the seat of an ecclesiastical province encompassing Brittany and the Pays de la Loire region.

 Present subdivisions 

During the French Revolution, Brittany was divided into five départements, each made up of three or four arrondissements. The arrondissements are further divided in cantons, which are themselves made up of one or several communes. The communes and the départements have a local council elected by their citizens, but arrondissements and cantons are not run by elected officials. The cantons serve as an electoral district for the election of the département councils and arrondissements are run by a subprefect appointed by the French president. The president also appoints a prefect in each département.
Because the départements are small and numerous, the French government tried to create wider regions during the 20th century. For the Breton nationalists, it was an occasion to recreate Brittany as a political and administrative entity, but the new region had to be economically efficient. Nantes and its département, Loire-Atlantique, raised concerns because they were off-centered, more integrated with the Loire Valley than with the Breton peninsula. The French government and local politicians also feared that Nantes, because of its population and its former Breton capital status, would have maintained a harmful competition with Rennes to get the regional institutions and investments.
Several drafts for French regions had been proposed since the 1920s, and the definitive regions were drawn in 1956. The new Brittany had four départements, and Loire-Atlantique formed the Pays de la Loire region together with parts of Anjou, Maine and Poitou. In 1972, the regions received their present competencies, with an elected regional council. Since then, the region of Brittany has had its own council and administrative bodies.

 Reunification 

When the region of Brittany was created, several local politicians opposed the exclusion of Loire-Atlantique, and the question still remains.
The obstacles to reunification are the same as in 1956: having Nantes in Brittany could harm the position of Rennes and create an economic imbalance between Lower and Upper Brittany. Moreover, the Pays de la Loire region could not exist without Loire-Atlantique, because it would lose its political and economic capital. Without Loire-Atlantique, the other départements would not form an efficient region any more, and would have to integrate neighbouring regions such as the Centre-Val de Loire and Nouvelle-Aquitaine.
However, several institutions have backed the reunification, such as the regional council of Brittany since 2008 and the Loire-Atlantique council since 2001. Some politicians like Jean-Marc Ayrault, the former French prime minister and former mayor of Nantes, favour instead the creation of a "Greater West region", which would encompass Brittany and the Pays de la Loire region. Polls show that 58% of the Bretons and 62% of the inhabitants in Loire-Atlantique favour the reunification.

 Political tendencies 
Until the end of the 20th century, Brittany had been characterised by a strong Catholic and conservative influence. However, some areas such as the industrial region around Saint-Nazaire and Lorient and the surroundings of Tréguier are traditional Socialist and Communist strongholds. Left-wing parties, mainly the Socialist party and the Greens, have become more powerful after the 1970s and they have formed a majority in the Regional Council of Brittany since 2004. The Loire-Atlantique and Ille-et-Vilaine councils have also been held by the left since 2004.
The Socialist party has held the Côtes-d'Armor council since 1976, and the Finistère council since 1998. On its side, Morbihan remains a right-wing stronghold. The local parties have a very small audience, except the Union Démocratique Bretonne which has seats at the Regional Council and in other local assemblies. It advocates more autonomy for the region and its positions are very close to the Socialist parties. It also has a strong ecological orientation. The audience of far-right parties is lower in Brittany than in the rest of France.

 Geography and natural history 
Brittany is the largest French peninsula. It is around 34,030 km2 (13,140 sq mi) and stretches toward the northwest and the Atlantic Ocean. It is bordered to the north by the English Channel, to the south by the Bay of Biscay and the waters located between the western coast and Ushant Island form the Iroise Sea.
The Breton coast is very indented, with many cliffs, rias and capes. The Gulf of Morbihan is a vast natural harbour with some forty islands that is almost a closed sea. In total, around 800 islands lie off the mainland; the largest being Belle Île, in the south. Brittany has over 2,860 km (1,780 mi) of coastline; it represents a third of the total French coastline.
The region is generally hilly because it corresponds to the western end of the Armorican Massif, a very old range that also extends in Normandy and the Pays de la Loire region. Because of this continuity, the Breton border with the rest of France is not marked by any strong geographical landmark, apart from the river Couesnon, which separates Brittany from Normandy.

The Armorican Massif reaches its maximum elevation outside of Brittany, in neighbouring Mayenne, at 417 m, and slopes towards the west before straightening on its western extremity, with the Montagnes Noires and the Monts d'Arrée. The highest hill in Brittany is the Roc'h Ruz in the Monts d'Arrée, at 385 m (1,263 ft). It is closely followed by several neighbouring hills culminating at around 384 m above sea level.Coastal areas are usually named Armor or Arvor ("by the sea" in Breton), and the inland is called Argoat ("by the forest"). The best soils were primitively covered by large forests which had been progressively replaced by bocage during the Middle Ages. The Breton bocage, with its small fields enclosed by thick hedgerows, has almost disappeared since the 1960s to fit the modern agricultural needs and methods, particularly mechanisation.
Several forests still exist, such as the Paimpont forest, sometimes said to be the Arthurian Brocéliande. The poor and rocky areas are covered by large heathland and moorlands, and Brittany has several marshes, like the Brière, included in a regional natural park. Another regional park encompasses the Monts d'Arrée and the Iroise seacoast. The Iroise Sea is also a UNESCO biosphere reserve.

 Geology 
The Breton peninsula appeared during the Cadomian Orogeny, which formed its northern coastline, between Guingamp and Fougères. The southern part emerged during the Hercynian orogeny. At the same time, an intense volcanic activity left large quantities of granite. Between the Cadomian and Hercynian periods, the region was submerged several times and the sea left fossils and sedimentary rocks, mostly schist and sandstone. Because of the absence of limestone, soils in Brittany are usually acid.
The Armorican massif straightened and flattened several times during the formation of the Pyrenees and the Alps. Changes in sea levels and climate led to a strong erosion and to the formation of more sedimentary rocks. Metamorphism is responsible for the distinctive local blue schist and for the rich subsoil of the Groix island, which comprises glaucophane and epidote.During the Quaternary glaciations, Brittany was covered by loess and rivers started to fill the valleys with alluvial deposits. The valleys themselves were a result of a strong tectonic activity between the African and the Eurasian plate. The present Breton landscape did not acquire its final shape before one million years ago. The Breton subsoil is characterised by a huge amount of fractures that form a large aquifer containing several millions square meters of water.

 Climate 
Brittany lies within the north temperate zone. It has a changeable, maritime climate, similar to Cornwall. Rainfall occurs regularly but sunny, cloudless days are also common. In the summer months, temperatures in the region can reach 30 °C (86 °F), yet the climate remains comfortable, especially when compared to the French regions located south of the Loire. The temperature difference between summer and winter is about 15 degrees, but it varies depending on the proximity of the sea. The weather is generally milder on the seacoast than inland but rainfall occurs with the same intensity on both. The Monts d'Arrée, despite their low elevation, have much more rainfall than the rest of the region. The south coast, between Lorient and Pornic, enjoys more than 2,000 hours of sunshine per year.

 Flora and fauna 
Brittany's wildlife is typical of France with several distinctions. On one hand, the region, due to its long coastline, has a rich oceanic fauna, and some birds cannot be seen in other French regions. On the other hand, the species found in the inland are usually common for France, and because Brittany is a peninsula, the number of species is lower in its western extremity than in the eastern part.
A variety of seabirds can be seen close to the seaside, which is home to colonies of cormorants, gulls, razorbills, northern gannets, common murres and Atlantic puffins. Most of these birds breed on isolated islands and rocks and thus are hard to observe. The inland is home to common European species including pheasants, barn swallows, woodcocks, common swifts, and partridges.
Like Cornwall, Wales and Ireland, the waters of Brittany attract marine animals including basking sharks, grey seals, leatherback turtles, dolphins, porpoises, jellyfish, crabs and lobsters. Bass is common along the coast, small-spotted catsharks live on the continental shelf, rattails and anglerfish populate the deep waters. River fish of note include trout, Atlantic salmon, pikes, shades and lampreys. The Breton rivers are also home to beavers and otters and to some invasive American species, such as the coypu which destroys the ecosystem and accelerated the extinction of the European mink.Among the invertebrates, Brittany is notably home to the escargot de Quimper, the freshwater pearl mussel and the white-clawed crayfish. The larger Breton mammals died out during the modern period, including the wolf. Today, mammals of note include roe deer, wild boar, foxes, hares and several species of bat.Brittany is widely known for the Breton horse, a local breed of draft horse, and for the Brittany gun dog. The region also has its own breeds of cattle, some of which are on the brink of extinction: the Bretonne Pie Noir, the Froment du Léon, the Armorican and the Nantaise.
The Breton forests, dunes, moorlands and marshes are home to several iconic plants, such as endemic cistus, aster and linaria varieties, the horseshoe vetch and the lotus maritimus.

 Education 

Brittany has the same education system as the rest of France. As in other French regions, formal education before the 19th century was the preserve of the elite. Before 1460, Brittany did not have a university, and Breton students had to go to Angers, Poitiers or Caen. The University of Nantes was founded under the duke Francis II, who wanted to affirm the Breton independence from France. All the traditional disciplines were taught here: arts, theology, law and medicine. During the 17th century, it had around 1,500 students. It declined during the 18th century, mostly because Nantes was flourishing with the Atlantic slave trade and paid no attention to its cultural institutions.
A mayor eventually asked the university to be relocated to Rennes, more devoted to culture and science, and the faculties progressively moved there after 1735. The transfer was interrupted by the French Revolution, and all the French universities were dissolved in 1793.
Napoleon reorganised the French education system in 1808. He created new universities and invented two secondary education institutions: the "collèges" and the "lycées" which were opened in numerous towns to educate boys and form a new elite. A new University of Rennes was progressively recreated during the 19th century.
In the meantime, several laws were promoted to open schools, notably for girls. In 1882, Jules Ferry succeeded in passing a law which made primary education in France free, non-clerical (laïque) and mandatory. Thus, free schools were opened in almost every villages of Brittany.

 Language of humiliation 
Jules Ferry also promoted education policies establishing French language as the language of the Republic, and mandatory education was a mean to eradicate regional languages and dialects. In Brittany, it was forbidden for the pupils to speak Breton or Gallo, and the two were strongly depreciated. Humiliating practices aimed at stamping out the Breton language and culture prevailed in state schools until the late 1960s.In response, the Diwan schools were founded in 1977 to teach Breton by immersion. They have taught a few thousand young people from elementary school to high school, and they have gained more fame owing to their high level of results in school exams.A bilingual approach has also been implemented in some state schools after 1979, and some Catholic schools have done the same after 1990. Besides, Brittany, with the neighbouring Pays de la Loire region, remains a stronghold for Catholic private education with around 1,400 schools.

 Other Institutes of Learning 
During the 20th century, tertiary education was developed with the creation of the École centrale de Nantes in 1919, the University of Nantes in 1961, the ESC Bretagne Brest in 1962, the University of Western Brittany in 1971, the École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications de Bretagne in 1977 and the University of Southern Brittany in 1995. The Catholic University of the West, based in Angers, also opened classes in several Breton towns. In 1969, the University of Rennes was divided between the University of Rennes 1 and the University of Rennes 2 – Upper Brittany. After the Second World War, the Ecole Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr, the foremost French military academy, settled in Coëtquidan.

 Economy 
Brittany, apart from some areas such as Lorient, Nantes and Saint-Nazaire, has never been heavily industrialised. Today, fishing and agriculture remain important activities. Brittany has more than 40,000 farms, mostly oriented towards cattle, pig and poultry breeding, as well as cereal and vegetable production. The number of farms tends to diminish, but as a result, they are merged into very large estates. Brittany is the first producer in France for vegetables (green beans, onions, artichokes, potatoes, tomatoes...). Cereals are mostly grown for cattle feeding. Wine, especially muscadet, is made in a small region south of Nantes. Brittany is the first region in France for fishing. The activity employs around 15,000 people, and more than 2500 firms work in fish and seafood processing.
Although relatively new, the Breton industry has been constantly growing since 1980. Food processing (meat, vegetables...) represents a third of the industrial jobs, but other activities are also important for the local economy. Shipbuilding, both commercial and military, is implanted in Saint-Nazaire (Chantiers de l'Atlantique), Lorient and Brest; Airbus has plants in Saint-Nazaire and Nantes; and Peugeot has a large factory in Rennes. Brittany is the second French region for telecommunication and the fifth for electronics, two activities mainly developed in Rennes, Lannion and Brest. Tourism is particularly important for the seacoast and Brittany is one of the most visited regions in France. In April 2019, The Guardian's travel section included two Brittany locations in its list of 20 of the most beautiful villages in France. The two were Rochefort-en-Terre with "its covered market, 12th-century church, medieval castle, 19th-century chateau, and 16th- and 17th-century mansions" and Locronan, where "East India Company's offices still stand on the village square, as well as 17th-century merchants' dwellings".The unemployment rate in Brittany is lower than in other French regions and it is usually around 6 or 7% of the active population. Because of the global financial crisis started in 2007, unemployment rose to 8.7% in the Region Brittany and 8.4% in Loire-Atlantique in late 2012. However, these figures remain under the French national rate (9.9% at the same period). Some industries, such as construction, industry, catering or transport, usually have difficulties finding employees.In 2018, Region Brittany's gross domestic product reached 99 billion euros. It was the ninth richest region in France and it produced 4% of the national GDP. The Breton GDP per capita was around 29,694 euros in 2018. It was lower than the French result, 30,266 euros, below the European one, 30,900 euros. The GDP of the Loire-Atlantique département is around 26 billion euros, and the GDP of the five historical Breton départements would be at around 108 billion euros.

 Demographics 

In 2017, the population in Region Brittany was estimated to 3,318,904 and Loire-Atlantique had around 1,394,909 inhabitants, thus historical Brittany's population can be estimated at 4,713,813, the highest in its history. The population in Region Brittany had grown by 0.9% between 1999 and 2000, and the growth rate reached more than 1% in Ille-et-Vilaine and Morbihan. The region around Rennes and the south are the more attractive areas, whereas the population is declining in the centre and in the westernmost parts. While most of the metropolitan areas are growing, the cities themselves tend to stagnate or regress, such as for Brest, Lorient, Saint-Brieuc and Saint-Malo. In 2017, Ille-et-Vilaine had 1,060,199 inhabitants, it was followed by Finistère 909,028 inhabitants, Morbihan 750,863 inhabitants, and Côtes-d'Armor, with 598,814 inhabitants.The largest cities in Region Brittany as of 2017 were Rennes, with 216,815 inhabitants, Brest 140,064, Quimper 62,985, Lorient 57,149, Vannes 53,352, Saint-Malo 46,097 and Saint-Brieuc 44,372. All the other communes had under 25,000 inhabitants. Brittany is also characterised by a great number of small towns, such as Vitré, Concarneau, Morlaix or Auray. Loire-Atlantique has two major cities, Nantes, with 309,346 inhabitants and an urban area encompassing 972,828, and Saint-Nazaire, with 69,993 inhabitants. Loire-Atlantique's population is more rapidly growing than Region Brittany's and it is the 12th most populated French département. Nevertheless, since the 1990s, Rennes has consistently ranked as one of France's fastest growing metropolitan areas.
In 1851, Brittany had around 2.7 million inhabitants and the demographic growth stayed low until the second half of the 20th century, mainly because of an important emigration. Brittany had 3.2 million inhabitants in 1962 and the growth was mainly due to Loire-Atlantique and the steady growth of Nantes. Without the Loire-Atlantique's figures, the Breton population only numbered 2.4 million in 1962, nearly unchanged from its population of 2.3 million in 1851. After the 1960s, the whole region has had a strong demographic growth because of the decline of the traditional emigration to richer French regions. Instead, Brittany has become attractive, particularly for families, young retired persons and active people over 35 years old.

 Regional identity 
Breton political parties do not have wide support and their electoral success is small. However, Bretons have a strong cultural identity. According to a poll made in 2008, 50% of the inhabitants of the region of Brittany considered themselves as much Breton as French, 22.5% felt more Breton than French, and 15.4% more French than Breton. A minority, 1.5%, considered themselves Breton but not French, while 9.3% did not consider themselves to be Breton at all.51.9% of the poll respondents agreed that Brittany should have more political power, and 31.1% thought that it should stay the same. Only 4.6% favoured independence, and 9.4% were undecided.A 2012 poll taken in the five departments of historical Brittany showed that 48% of the respondents considered themselves belonging first to France, 37% to Brittany, and 10% to Europe. It also showed that Breton identity is stronger among people younger than 35. 53% of them considering themselves to belong first to Brittany. 50% of the older respondents considered themselves belonging first to France. Primary Breton identity is at its lowest among the respondents over 65: 58% consider themselves to belong first to France, with European identify secondary. 21% of the respondents over 65 considering themselves to be European first. Breton self-identification is stronger among people who vote left-wing. It is stronger among employees than employers.

 Regional languages 

French, the sole official language of the French Republic, is spoken today by the vast majority in Brittany, for whom it is usually their mother tongue. However, French was not widely known in the region before the 19th century, and two regional languages exist in Brittany: Breton and Gallo. They are separated by a language border that has constantly moved back since the Middle Ages.
The current border runs from Plouha on the English Channel to the Rhuys Peninsula on the Bay of Biscay. Because of their origins and practice, Breton and Gallo can be compared to Scottish Gaelic and Scots language in Scotland. Both have been recognised as "Langues de Bretagne" (languages of Brittany) by the Regional Council of Brittany since 2004.

 Breton 

Breton is a Celtic language derived from the historical Common Brittonic language, and is most closely related to Cornish and Welsh. It was imported to Western Armorica during the 5th century by Britons fleeing the Anglo-Saxon invasion of Britain. Breton remained the language of the rural population, but since the Middle Ages the bourgeoisie, the nobility, and the higher clergy have spoken French.

Government policies in the 19th and 20th centuries made education compulsory and, at the same time, forbade the use of Breton in schools to push non-French speakers into adopting the French language. Nevertheless, until the 1960s Breton was spoken or understood by many of the inhabitants of western Brittany. During the 1970s, Breton schools were opened and the local authorities started to promote the language, which was on the brink of extinction because parents had stopped teaching it to their children.
Having declined from more than one million speakers around 1950 to about 200,000 in the first decade of the 21st century, of whom 61% are more than 60 years old, Breton is classified as "severely endangered" by the UNESCO Atlas of the World's Languages in Danger. However, the number of children attending bilingual classes has risen 33% between 2006 and 2012 to 14,709.The Breton language has several dialects which have no precise limits but rather form a continuum. Most of them are very similar to each other, with only some phonetic and lexical differences. The three main dialects spoken in the western end of Brittany are:

the Cornouillais, around Quimper,
the Léonard, around Saint-Pol-de-Léon, and
the Trégorrois, around Tréguier, are grouped into the KLT group (Kerne-Leon-Treger),in opposition to the Vannetais, spoken around Vannes, which is the most differentiated Breton dialect.
According to a 1999 INSEE survey, 12% of the adults of Brittany speak Breton.

 Gallo 

Gallo is spoken on the eastern half of Brittany. It is not itself a Celtic language. Like French, it is also descended from Latin (and is classified in the Langues d'oïl branch), but has some Celtic influences, particularly in its vocabulary, whereas French has influences from both Celtic (Gaulish) and Frankish (the Germanic language which arrived after Latin in much of the rest of France).
Unlike Breton, Gallo does not have a long promotion history and it is still often perceived as a poor rural dialect. Moreover, because of its linguistic relationship with Gallo, French imposed itself more easily as the main language in Upper Brittany than in Breton speaking areas. Gallo was simply felt to be an incorrect way of speaking French rather than a separate language. Gallo transmission from parents to children is extremely low and efforts to standardise and publish books in Gallo did not reverse the decline of the language and its lack of prestige.Gallo is also threatened by the Breton language revival, because Breton is gaining ground in territories that were not previously part of the main Breton-speaking area, and most of all because Breton appears as the national language of Brittany, thus leaving no place for Gallo.Gallo had never been written before the 20th century, and several writing systems were created. They are however rarely known by the population and signs in Gallo are often unreadable, even for fluent speakers. In Loire-Atlantique, where Gallo is not promoted at all by the local authorities, many people do not even know the word "Gallo" and have no idea that it has writing systems and publications.The Gallo community is estimated at between 28,300 and 200,000 speakers. The language is taught on a non-compulsory basis in some schools, high-schools and universities, particularly in Ille-et-Vilaine.

 Religion 
Bretons are mainly Catholic and the Christianisation occurred during the Roman Gaul and Frank era. During the Briton emigration to Brittany, several Christian missionaries, mostly Welsh, came in the region and founded dioceses. They are known as the "Seven founder saints":

Paol Aoreliann in Saint-Pol-de-Léon,
Tudwal in Tréguier,
Brieg in Saint-Brieuc,
Maloù in Saint-Malo,
Samsun of Dol in Dol-de-Bretagne,
Padarn in Vannes,
Kaourintin in Quimper.Other notable early missionaries are Gildas and the Irish saint Columbanus. Bretons recognize more than 300 local "saints", though only a few are officially accepted by the Catholic Church. Since the 19th century at least, Brittany has been known as one of the most devoutly Catholic regions in France, together with the neighbouring Pays de la Loire region. The proportion of students attending Catholic private schools is the highest in France. The patron saint of Brittany is Saint Anne, the Virgin's mother, but Ivo of Kermartin, a 13th-century priest, called Saint-Yves in French and Sant-Erwan in Breton, can also be considered as a patron saint. His feast, 19 May, is Brittany's national day.

Many distinctive traditions and customs have also been preserved in Brittany. Among them, the "Pardons" are one of the most traditional demonstrations of popular Catholicism. These penitential ceremonies occur in some villages in Lower Brittany on the feast day of the parish's saint. The penitents form a procession and they walk together to a shrine, a church or any sacred place. Some Pardons are reputed for their length, and they all finish by large meals and popular feasts.

There is a very old pilgrimage called the Tro Breizh (tour of Brittany), where the pilgrims walk around Brittany from the grave of one of the seven founder saints to another. Historically, the pilgrimage was made in one trip (a total distance of around 600 km) for all seven saints. Nowadays, however, pilgrims complete the circuit over the course of several years. In 2002, the Tro Breizh included a special pilgrimage to Wales, symbolically making the reverse journey of the Welshmen Sant Paol, Sant Brieg, and Sant Samzun.The most powerful folk figure is the Ankou or the "Reaper of Death". Sometimes a skeleton wrapped in a shroud with the Breton flat hat, sometimes described as a real human being (the last dead of the year, devoted to bring the dead to Death), he makes his journeys by night carrying an upturned scythe which he throws before him to reap his harvest. Sometimes he is on foot but mostly he travels with a cart, the Karrig an Ankou, drawn by two oxen and a lean horse. Two servants dressed in the same shroud and hat as the Ankou pile the dead into the cart, and to hear it creaking at night means you have little time left to live.As official religious statistics are forbidden in France, there are no official figures about religious practices in Brittany. However, successive polls show that the region has grown more nonreligious over time. Catholicism started to decline after the Second World War, during the urbanisation of Brittany. A poll conducted in 2006 showed that Morbihan was the only département to have a strong Catholic population, around 70% of its inhabitants belonging to that religion. Loire-Atlantique and Côtes-d'Armor were among the least Catholic French départements, with only 50% of the population practicing Catholics, while Ille-et-Vilaine and Finistère were at around 65%. Other religions are almost non-existent, apart from Islam which is practiced by between 1 and 3% of the inhabitants in Ille-et-Vilaine and Loire-Atlantique.

 Culture 

 Architecture 
Brittany is home to many megalithic monuments; the words menhir and dolmen come from the Breton language. The largest menhir alignments are the Carnac stones. Other major sites include the Barnenez cairn, the Locmariaquer megaliths, the Menhir de Champ-Dolent, the Mane Braz tumulus and the Gavrinis tomb. Monuments from the Roman period are rare, but include a large temple in Corseul and scarce ruins of villas and city walls in Rennes and Nantes.
Brittany has a large number of medieval buildings. They include numerous Romanesque and French Gothic churches, usually built in local sandstone and granite, castles and half-timbered houses visible in villages, towns and cities. Several Breton towns still have their medieval walls, such as Guérande, Concarneau, Saint-Malo, Vannes, Fougères and Dinan. Major churches include Saint-Pol-de-Léon Cathedral, Tréguier Cathedral, Dol Cathedral, Nantes Cathedral and the Kreisker chapel. Most of the Breton castles were rebuilt between the 13th and the 15th century, such as the Château de Suscinio, the Château de Dinan, the Château de Combourg, the Château de Largoët, the Château de Tonquédec, the Josselin Castle and the Château de Trécesson. The most impressive castles can be seen along the border with France, where stand the Château de Fougères, the Château de Vitré, the Château de Châteaubriant and the Château de Clisson.

The French Renaissance occurred when Brittany lost its independence. The Renaissance architecture is almost absent in the region, except in Upper Brittany, close to the border with France. Major sites include the Château des ducs de Bretagne, the last permanent residence of the dukes, which displays the transition from late Gothic to Renaissance style. The Château de Châteaubriant, a former fortress, was transformed into a vast palace in the Italian style.

In Lower Brittany, the medieval style never totally disappeared. However, local innovations permitted some changes and the birth of a particular style. Its most distinctive feature is the parish close, which displays an elaborately decorated church surrounded by an entirely walled churchyard. Many villages still have their closes, they date from the 16th and 17th centuries and sometimes include an elaborately carved calvary sculpture.
During the 17th and the 18th centuries, the main seaports and towns obtained a typical French look, with baroque and neoclassical buildings. Nantes, which was at the time the biggest French harbour, received a theatre, large avenues and quays, and Rennes was redesigned after a fire in 1720. At the same period, the wealthy ship-owners from Saint-Malo built many mansions called "Malouinières" around their town. Along the coast, Vauban and other French architects designed several citadels, such as in Le Palais and Port-Louis. In rural areas, Breton houses remained simple, with a single floor and a longhouse pattern. They were built with local materials: mostly granite in Lower Brittany and schist in Upper Brittany. Slates and reeds were usually used for roofing. During the 19th century, the Breton architecture was mainly characterised by the Gothic Revival and Eclecticism. Clisson, the southernmost Breton town, was rebuilt in an Italian Romantic style around 1820. The Breton lighthouses were mostly built during the 19th century. The most famous are Ar Men, Phare d'Eckmühl, La Vieille and La Jument. The lighthouse on the Île Vierge is, with 77 meters, the highest in Europe.
At the end of the 19th century, several seaside resorts were created along the coast and villas and hotels were built in historicist, Art Nouveau, and later in the Art Deco styles. These architectures are particularly present in Dinard, La Baule and Bénodet. Architecture from the 20th century can be seen in Saint-Nazaire, Brest and Lorient, three cities destroyed during the Second World War and rebuilt afterwards, and in the works of the Breton nationalist architects like James Bouillé and Olier Mordrel.

 Fine arts 
Until the 19th century, Catholicism had been the main inspiration for Breton artists. The region has a great number of baroque retables, made between the 17th and the 19th century. Breton sculptors were also famous for their ship models that served as ex-votos and for their richly decorated furniture, which features naïve Breton characters and traditional patterns. The box-bed is the most famous Breton piece of furniture. The Breton style had a strong revival between 1900 and the Second World War and it was used by the Seiz Breur movement. The Seiz Breur artists also tried to invent a modern Breton art by rejecting French standards and mixing traditional techniques with new materials. The leading artists of that period were the designer René-Yves Creston, the illustrators Jeanne Malivel and Xavier Haas, and the sculptors Raffig Tullou, Francis Renaud, Georges Robin, Joseph Savina, Jules-Charles Le Bozec and Jean Fréour.
Brittany is also known for its needlework, which can be seen on its numerous headdress models, and for its faience production, which started at the beginning of the 18th century. Quimper faience is known worldwide for its bowls and plates painted by hand, and other towns, such as Pornic, also maintain a similar tradition. The potteries usually feature naïve Breton characters in traditional clothing and daily scenes. The designs have a strong traditional Breton influence, but Orientalism and Art Deco have also been used.
Because of its distinct culture and natural landscape, Brittany has inspired many French artists since the 19th century. The Pont-Aven School, which started to emerge in the 1850s and lasted until the beginning of the 20th century, had a decisive influence on modern painting. The artists who settled in Pont-Aven wanted to break away from the Academic style of the École des Beaux-Arts and later from Impressionism when it began to decline. Among them were Paul Gauguin, Paul Signac, Marc Chagall, Paul Sérusier and Raymond Wintz. Before them, Brittany had also been visited by Academic and Romantic painters like Jean Antoine Théodore de Gudin and Jules Achille Noël who were looking for dramatic seascapes and storms.

 Music 

Since the early 1970s, Brittany has experienced a tremendous revival of its folk music. Numerous festivals were created, along with smaller fest-noz (popular feasts). The bagadoù, bands composed of bagpipes, bombards and drums (including snare), are also a modern creation, inspired by the Scottish pipe bands. The Lann-Bihoué bagad, one of the most well-known, belongs to the French Navy. It is the only one that does not take part to the annual bagadoù competitions. Celtic harp is also common, as are vocals and dances. The Kan ha diskan is the most common type of singing. The performers sing calls and responses while dancing. Breton dances usually imply circles, chains or couples and they are different in every region. The oldest dances seem to be the passepied and the gavotte, and the newest ones derive from the quadrille and French Renaissance dances.

In the 1960s, several Breton artists started to use contemporary patterns to create a Breton pop music. Among them, Alan Stivell contributed most in popularising the Celtic harp and Breton music in the world. He also used American rock and roll in his works and influenced 1970s Breton bands such as Kornog, Gwerz (band) and Tri Yann, who revived traditional songs and made them popular across France. Soldat Louis is the main Breton rock band, and Breton singers include Gilles Servat, Glenmor, Dan Ar Braz, Yann-Fañch Kemener, Denez Prigent, Nolwenn Korbell and Nolwenn Leroy. The Manau Hip hop group from Paris has strong Breton and Celtic inspirations. You can also find the well known group Matmatah from Brest. 
Yann Tiersen, who composed the soundtrack for Amélie, Cécile Corbel the compositor of Arrietty and the borrowers, the Electro band Yelle and the avant-garde singer Brigitte Fontaine are also from Brittany. The 19th-century composer Louis-Albert Bourgault-Ducoudray was one of the first western European composers to be influenced by what is now known as world music.
In 2022, Alvan and Ahez have been selected to represent France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. Their song, Fulenn, is sung entirely in Breton and is about the legend of Katel Kollet, a lady who dances with the devil.

 Legends and literature 
Brittany is closely associated with the Matter of Britain and King Arthur. According to Wace, Brocéliande is located in Brittany and it is nowadays considered to be Paimpont forest. There, ruins of a castle surrounded by a lake are associated with the Lady of the Lake, a dolmen is said to be Merlin's tomb and a path is presented as Morgan le Fay's Val sans Retour. Tristan and Iseult are also said to have lived in Brittany. Another major Breton legend is the story about Ys, a city swallowed by the ocean.
Breton literature before the 19th century was mostly oral.  The oral tradition entertained by medieval poets died out during the 15th century and books in Breton were very rare before 1850. At that time, local writers started to collect and publish local tales and legends and wrote original works.  Published between 1925 and the Second World War, the literary journal Gwalarn favoured a modern Breton literature and helped translating widely known novels into Breton.  After the war, the journal Al Liamm pursued that mission. Among the authors writing in Breton are Auguste Brizeux, a Romantic poet, the neo-Druidic bard Erwan Berthou, Théodore Hersart de La Villemarqué, who collected the local legends about King Arthur, Roparz Hemon, founder of Gwalarn, Pêr-Jakez Helias, Glenmor, Pêr Denez and Meavenn.
Breton literature includes 19th-century historical novels by Émile Souvestre, travel journals by Anatole Le Braz, poems and novels by Charles Le Goffic, the works of the singer-songwriter Théodore Botrel and of the maritime writer Henri Queffélec. Brittany is also the birthplace of many writers like François-René de Chateaubriand, Jules Verne, Ernest Renan, Félicité Robert de Lamennais and Pierre Abélard Max Jacob, Alfred Jarry, Victor Segalen, Xavier Grall, Jean Rouaud, Irène Frain, Herve Jaouen, Alain Robbe-Grillet, Pierre-Jakez Hélias, Tristan Corbière, Paul Féval, Jean Guéhenno, Arthur Bernède, André Breton, Patrick Poivre d'Arvor.
The Asterix comics, set during the time of Julius Caesar and written in the second half of the twentieth century, are set in Armorica, now Brittany.

 Museums 
The Museum of Brittany, located in Rennes, was founded in 1856. Its collections are mainly dedicated to the history of the region. Museums dedicated to Prehistory and local megaliths are located in Carnac and Penmarch, while several towns like Vannes and Nantes have a museum presenting their own history.
The Museum of Fine Arts of Rennes owns a large collection of Egyptian, Greek and Roman antiquities as well as drawings and engravings by Domenico Ghirlandaio, Parmigianino, Albrecht Dürer and Rembrandt. Its French art collection gathers works by Georges de La Tour, François Boucher, Paul Gauguin, Auguste Rodin, Camille Corot and Robert Delaunay. It has also works by Pablo Picasso, Rubens, Peter Lely and Paolo Veronese. The collections of the Museum of Fine Arts of Nantes are more dedicated to modern and contemporary art and contain works by Edward Burne-Jones, Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres, Eugène Delacroix, Gustave Courbet, Paul Signac, Tamara de Lempicka, Wassily Kandinsky, Max Ernst, Pierre Soulages and Piero Manzoni. The Museums of Fine Arts of Brest and Quimper offer similar collections, with large quantities of French painting together with the works of some Italian and Dutch artists. The Museum of Fine Arts Pont-Aven is dedicated to the School of Pont-Aven. Contemporary sculptures can be seen in the park around the Château de Kerguéhennec, in Bignan.
Museums in Saint-Malo, Lorient and Douarnenez are dedicated to ships and maritime traditions and history. The Musée national de la Marine has a large annex in Brest and a submarine is opened to visitors in Lorient. In the same town, it is also possible to visit the Keroman Submarine Museum, and the Cité de la voile Éric Tabarly, a museum dedicated to sailing. In Saint-Nazaire, where many transatlantic ships were built, including SS Normandie and SS France, a museum showing transatlantic interiors was installed in a Second World War base. Nantes has a museum dedicated to Jules Verne, a Natural History Museum and a museum of archaeology and design, the Musée Dobrée.

 Festivals 
Brittany has a vibrant calendar of festivals and events. It hosts some of France's biggest contemporary music festivals, such as La Route du Rock in Saint-Malo, the Vieilles Charrues in Carhaix, the Rencontres Trans Musicales in Rennes, the Festival du Bout du Monde in Crozon, the Hellfest in Clisson and the Astropolis in Brest, or La fête du bruit in Landerneau and Saint-Nolff. The Festival Interceltique de Lorient welcomes each year participants all the Celtic nations and their diasporas. La Folle Journée, in Nantes, is the largest classical music festival in France.
The Breton culture is highlighted during the Fête de la Bretagne, which occurs in many places around Saint-Yves's day (19 May), and during the Festival de Cornouaille in Quimper. Several towns also organise historical re-enactments and events celebrating local traditions, such as the Filets Bleus in Concarneau which celebrates fishing.
Brittany also has some film festivals like the Three Continents Festival in Nantes. The Utopiales international science fiction festival is held in the same city. Brest and Douarnenez both organise large tall ship meetings (See Brest Maritime Festival).

 Sport 
Football, cycling and sailing are the three most popular sports in Brittany. Major football teams are the FC Nantes, the Stade Rennais F.C., the FC Lorient, the Stade Brestois 29, the Vannes OC and the En Avant de Guingamp. Professional footballers coming from the region also form the Brittany national football team which sometimes plays with national teams.
Several Bretons have won the Tour de France: Bernard Hinault, Louison Bobet, Jean Robic and Lucien Petit-Breton as riders, and Cyrille Guimard as a directeur sportif.
Sailing is particularly important for sea-resorts like La Trinité-sur-Mer, Pornichet, Concarneau, Lorient and the îles de Glénan, where a prestigious school is located. A great number of Bretons have become acclaimed sailors, such as: Éric Tabarly, Loïck Peyron, Jean Le Cam, Michel Desjoyeaux, Olivier de Kersauson, Thomas Coville, Vincent Riou and Marc Pajot. The Route du Rhum, the Transat Québec-Saint-Malo, the Jules Verne Trophy are the main Breton sailing competitions. The Solitaire du Figaro stages often start in Brittany.
Gouren, a style of folk wrestling, is the most popular Breton sport. The Boule bretonne is related to pétanque. The Palets, common in Upper Brittany and in other French regions, is also related to pétanque, but players use iron disks instead of balls and they have to throw them on a wooden board.
Gaelic football is also a growing sport in the region, with club teams and a 'county' GAA team representing Brittany against other European 'counties' such as Galicia.

 Cuisine 
Although Muscadet and Gros Plant white wines are produced south of the Loire, the traditional drink of Brittany is cider. Brittany is the second-largest cider-producing region in France. Breton cider is traditionally served in a bowl or a cup. Brittany also has a long beer-brewing tradition, tracing its roots back to the 17th century. Young artisanal brewers are keeping a variety of beer types alive, such as Coreff de Morlaix, Tri Martolod and Britt. Stronger alcohols include the chouchen, a sort of mead made with wild honey, and an apple eau de vie called lambig.
Crêpes and galettes are the two most well-known Breton dishes. The crêpes, made and served with butter, are eaten for dessert and the galettes are usually salty and made with buckwheat. They traditionally replaced bread as basic food and they can be served with cheese, sausages, bacon, mushrooms or eggs. They can be accompanied by Breton buttermilk called lait ribot. Brittany also has a dish similar to the pot-au-feu known as the kig ha farz, which consists of stewed pork or beef with buckwheat dumplings.Surrounded by the sea, Brittany offers a wide range of fresh seafood and fish, especially mussels and oysters. Among the seafood specialities is a fish stew called cotriade. The beurre blanc sauce, invented in Saint-Julien-de-Concelles, close to Nantes, is often served with fish. Brittany is also known for its salt, mainly harvested around Guérande and used in butter and milk caramels. The region is notable for its biscuit factories, many towns having their own: Quimper, Lorient, Pont-Aven, Saint-Brieuc, BN and LU in Nantes, La Trinitaine in La Trinité-sur-Mer, and Galettes Saint-Michel in Saint-Michel-Chef-Chef. They usually make their biscuits with salted butter and sell them in iron boxes. Famous Breton pastries include the kouign amann ("butter cake" in Breton) made with bread dough and high quantities of butter and sugar, and the  far, a sort of sweet Yorkshire pudding usually made with plums.

 Transport 

 Road 
Until the 1970s, the Breton road network was poor because maritime and rail transport prevailed. The French president Charles de Gaulle implemented a major road construction plan in the 1970 and Brittany received over 10 billion francs of investments during 25 years. More than 10,000 km of motorways were built, permitting Breton road transport to multiply by four. The Breton motorways are not toll roads, contrarily to the usual French highways.The main road artery linking cities and other settlements along the north coast is the Route nationale 12 which connects the cities of Rennes, Saint-Brieuc, Morlaix and Brest. It also provides a link to southern Normandy, terminating in Paris. In south Brittany the Route nationale 165 performs a similar role along the south coast providing connections between Nantes, Vannes, Lorient, Quimper and Brest. The Route nationale 164 crosses the centre of the peninsula and connects Rennes to Loudéac, Carhaix and Châteaulin, and the Route nationale 166 links Rennes to Vannes. The Route nationale 137 provides connections between Saint-Malo, Rennes and Nantes and terminates in Bordeaux.Nantes is linked to Paris by the A11 autoroute, and Rennes is both on the A81 autoroute to Paris and the A84 autoroute to Caen. These highways are standard French toll roads.

 Air 
The biggest Breton airport is Nantes Atlantique Airport. Destination served include the United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, Ireland and Morocco. The Brest Bretagne Airport is the second airport in Brittany. It is followed by Rennes – Saint-Jacques, Lorient South Brittany and Dinard – Saint-Malo. The Saint-Brieuc – Armor airport serves flights between Brittany and the Channel Islands. Others smaller airport operates domestic flights in Quimper, and Lannion.

 Rail 
Brittany is on two major TGV lines, one linking Paris to Nantes and Le Croisic, on the south coast, and another linking Paris to Rennes and Brest. An extension of the LGV Atlantique, which stops at Le Mans, was completed in 2017, bringing the line to Rennes. This extension is known as the LGV Bretagne-Pays de la Loire. TGV services also link the region with major cities in France such as Lyon, Strasbourg, Marseille, and Lille. Regional services are operated by TER Bretagne providing connections between small towns such as Vannes, Carhaix, Roscoff and Paimpol. TER Bretagne also manages coach lines and connections between Rennes and Nantes. TER Pays de la Loire operates trains between Nantes and smaller towns in Loire-Atlantique.

 Sea 
There are ferry services that take passengers, vehicles and freight to Ireland, the United Kingdom and the Channel Islands. The main companies are Brittany Ferries which operates lines between Plymouth and Roscoff, Portsmouth and Saint-Malo, and Roscoff and Cork. Irish Ferries operates the route Rosslare-Roscoff and Condor Ferries link Saint-Malo with Jersey.

 Cycling 
Cycling has always been one of the main sports of Brittany, but leisure cycling and the infrastructure to support it have been growing extremely rapidly. An extensive network of cycle paths and recommended cycle routes has opened up all over the region. Some of these are routes using mainly smaller roads and both signposted and maintained by communes individually, but many are based on dedicated cycle paths often formed by converting disused railway tracks. These help form routes such as 'Vélodyssée' from Roscoff to Nantes and several major routes under the 'V' label (following signs V1, V2 etc.). The old tow-path of the Nantes-Brest canal is now open to cyclists along its entire 385 km length though in places (unlike rail-based cycle paths) it is very meandering and leaving the path will both shorten the distance and provide variety.Though the marked cyclepaths such as the Nantes-Brest canal offer the opportunity for safe, easy, traffic free cycling, the real 'richness' of Brittany is its incredible network of country lanes. Those the terrain can be described as 'rolling' the gradients are generally moderate (rarely over 5% - usually far less) and unlike the canal paths they do link small villages where cyclists can find somewhere to refresh themselves. The increase in cycling holiday-makers has given new life to the network of small campsites and hotels/chambre d'hotes especially inland where the economy struggled in the past. As a general rule cyclists are very well respected in the region and many larger towns have cycle-lanes – however traffic is 'cycle-friendly' even in their absence.

 Symbols 
The modern flag of Brittany was designed in 1923. It is called Gwenn ha Du ("white and black" in Breton) and it features eleven ermine spots (their number may vary) and nine stripes, the black ones represent the Breton speaking historical dioceses, and the white ones symbolise the gallo speaking dioceses. The flag was created to replace the traditional ermine plain standard, considered too aristocratic and royalist. It was inspired by the American flag and the British Red Ensign. Since the 1920s, the flag has become very popular and it is flown from a large number of institutions. Apart from the ermine flag, Breton historic banners include the Kroaz Du, a white flag with a black cross, the perfect negative of the Cornish flag.

The coat of arms of Brittany, ermine plain, was adopted by John III in 1316. Ermine had been used in Brittany long before, and there is no clue to its origin. It was probably chosen by the dukes because of its similarity with the French fleur-de-lis. The ermine, or stoat, as an animal became the badge of John IV at the end of the 14th century. It appeared later on numerous locations, including churches and castles. According to popular traditions, Anne of Brittany was hunting with her court when she saw a white ermine who preferred to die than to cross a dirty marsh. This episode would have inspired the duchess' motto : "Potius mori quam foedari" ("rather death than dishonour"). The motto has later been reused by Breton regiments, local World War II Resistants and cultural movements.
The Breton anthem, although not official, is Bro Gozh ma Zadoù – ("Old Land of My Fathers"). It re-employs both the Welsh anthem's music and that of "Bro Goth agan Tasow" (the national anthem of Cornwall; its lyrics were written at the end of the 19th century).
Colloquial Breton emblems include the Celtic triskelion, the menhirs and dolmens, local dishes such as the galettes, the Bigouden headdress and the traditional black round hat, the fisherman and his yellow raincoat, etc. BZH is a common abbreviation for "Breizh" ("Brittany" in Breton) and people often put BZH stickers on their car-plates, although it is forbidden under French laws. .bzh is an approved Internet top level domain for the Breton culture and languages.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
Brigantes, Breton Celtic tribe associated with Northern England
Politics of Brittany
Great Britain in French as Grande-Bretagne

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Brittany: in the West, the end of the world – Official French website (in English)
Brittany at Curlie
The official website for Brittany Tourism – Brittany Regional Tourist Board
The official Région Bretagne website

Indian Oil Corporation
Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL or IOC; doing business as IndianOil) is an Indian Multinational  oil and gas company under the ownership of the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Government of India. Headquartered in New Delhi, it is a public sector undertaking whose operations are overseen by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas. Indian Oil is ranked 94th on the Fortune Global 500 list of the world's biggest corporations as of 2022. It is the largest government owned oil producer in the country both in terms of capacity and revenue.It has consolidated refining capacity of 80.55MMTPA which it intends to increase to 107MMTPA by 2024-25. As of 31 March 2021, Indian Oil's employee strength is 31,648, out of which 17,762 are executives and 13,876 non-executives, while 2,776 are women, comprising 8.77% of the total workforce.Indian Oil's business interests overlap the entire hydrocarbon value chain, including refining, Pipeline, marketing of petroleum products, exploration and production of Petroleum, natural gas and petrochemicals. Indian Oil has ventured into Renewable energy and globalisation of downstream operations. It has subsidiaries in Sri Lanka (Lanka IOC), Mauritius (IndianOil (Mauritius) Ltd) and the Middle East (IOC Middle East FZE).

 History 
In May 2018, IOCL became India's most profitable government corporation for the second consecutive year, with a record profit of ₹21,346 crores in 2017–18. In February 2020, the company signed a deal with the Russian oil company Rosneft to buy 140,000 barrels per day of crude in year 2020. By 1 April 2020, IndianOil was in absolute readiness to launch BS-VI (Bharat Stage VI) fuels in all its retail outlets in Telangana and adopt world-class emission norms.In January 2021, sales were registered at an all time high of 410,000 barrels of oil per day till 26 January 2021. Delek, QatarEnergy, Saudi Aramco are its largest business partners with Abu Dhabi National Oil Company and National Iranian Oil Company signing deals to deliver high production output at end of 2020
In March 2022, Apollo Hospitals replaced Indian Oil Corporation in Nifty 50 benchmark index 

 Operations 

 Business divisions 
There are seven major business divisions in the organization:

Refineries Division
Pipelines Division
Marketing Division
R&D Division
Petrochemicals Division
Exploration & Production (E&P) Division
Explosives and Cryogenics Division

 Products and services 
Indian Oil accounts for nearly half of India's petroleum products market share, 35% national refining capacity (together with its subsidiary Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd. or CPCL), and 71% downstream sector pipelines through capacity. The Indian Oil Group owns and operates 11 of India's 23  refineries with a combined refining capacity of 80.7 million tonnes per year. Indian Oil's cross-country pipeline network, for the transport of crude oil to refineries and finished products to high-demand centres, spans over 13,000 km. The company has a throughput capacity of 80.49 million tonnes per year for crude oil and petroleum products and 9.5 million cubic metres per day at standard conditions for gas. On 19 November 2017, IOCL, in collaboration with Ola, launched India's first electric charging station at one of its petrol-diesel stations in Nagpur. Indian governments' National Electric Mobility Mission Plan launched in 2013 aims at gradually ensuring a vehicle population of 6 to 8 million electric and hybrid vehicles in India by 2020.Servo is the lubricants brand under which IOCL operates its lubricant business. Servo is the largest selling lubricant brand in both automotive and industrial segments.
It is said that deals with Royal Dutch Shell and Surgutneftegas and Chevron Corporation have been signed for exclusive business plans for supply in Asia with the Indian Oil Company, which are worth 20 billion dollars per year.

 Oil refinery locations 
Barauni Refinery
Bongaigaon Refinery
CPCL, Chennai
CPCL, Narimanam
Digboi Refinery
Guwahati Refinery
Haldia Refinery
Koyali Refinery
Mathura Refinery
Panipat Refinery
Paradip Refinery

 Pipelines 
Salaya - Mathura crude oil pipeline
Mundra - Panipat crude oil pipeline
Paradip-Haldia-Barauni crude oil pipeline
Kandla–Bhatinda Oil Pipeline
Koyali - Mohanpura product pipeline
Koyali - Ahmedabad product pipeline
Guwahati - Siliguri product pipeline
Barauni - Kanpur product pipeline
Patna-Motihari-Baitalpur Product pipeline
Haldia - Mourigram - Rajbandh product pipeline
Haldia - Barauni product pipeline
Panipat - Jalandhar LPG pipeline
Dadri - Panipat R-LNG pipeline
Koyali - Ratlam product pipeline
Koyali - Dahej/ Hazira product pipeline
Panipat - Bhatinda product pipeline
Panipat - Rewari product pipeline
Panipat - Ambala - Jalandhar product pipeline
Mathura - Delhi product pipeline
Mathura - Bharatpur product pipeline
Mathura - Tundla product pipeline
Chennai - Trichy - Madurai product pipeline
Chennai - Bangalore product pipeline
Chennai ATF pipeline
Bangalore ATF pipeline
Kolkata ATF pipeline
Paradip - Raipur - Ranchi product pipeline
Jaipur Panipat Naphtha Pipeline
Paradip - Hyderabad product pipeline
Paradip-Haldia-Barauni-Motihari LPG Pipeline
Paradip-Somnathpur-Haldia Product Pipeline

 Foreign subsidiaries 
Subsidiaries include:
IndianOil (Mauritius) Limited
IOC Middle East FZE, UAE
Lanka IOC PLC, Sri Lanka
IOC Sweden AB, Sweden
IOCL (USA) Inc., USA
IndOil Global B.V. Netherlands
IOCL Singapore Pte. Ltd.

 Employees 
As of 31 March 2021, the company had 31,648 employees, out of which 2,775 were women (8.77%). Its workforce includes 17,762 executives and 13,886 non-executives. The attrition rate in Indian Oil is around 1.5%. The company spent ₹96.57 billion on employee benefits during the FY 2016–17.

 Listing and shareholding 
Indian Oil's equity shares are listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange of India.As of September 2018, it was owned 51% by the Government of India (through the President of India), and 43% by other entities. The latter included corporate bodies (20%), ONGC (14%), LIC (6%), Foreign portfolio investors,(6%) Oil India Limited (5%) and Indian Mutual funds (4%).This was similar to its shareholding in 2017. As of 31 December 2017, the Promoters Government of India held approx. 56.98% of the shares in Indian Oil Corporation. The public held the rest of the shares – 43.02%. This includes Mutual Fund Companies, Foreign Portfolio Investors, Financial Institutions/ Banks, Insurance Companies, Individual Shareholders and Trusts. IOCL's Market cap as of December 2022 was Rs. 1,10,075.05 crore.

 Strategic partnerships 

 IOC Phinergy Pvt Ltd 
Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) buys a stake in Phinergy (Israel) for manufacturing, development, and sale of aluminum-air batteries (Al-Air batteries) for electric vehicles. This joint venture is ready to facilitate the development of Al-Air technology by intending to set up a factory in India.

 Competition 
Indian Oil Corporation has two major domestic competitors – Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum – and both are state-controlled, like Indian Oil Corporation. Major private competitors include – Reliance Petroleum, Essar Oil and Shell.

 Oil Industry Development Board 
India has begun the development of a strategic crude oil reserve sized at 37.4 million barrels (5,950,000 m3), enough for two weeks of consumption. Petroleum stocks have been transferred from the Indian Oil Corporation to the Oil Industry Development Board (OIDB). The OIDB then created the Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserves Ltd (ISPRL) to serve as the controlling government agency for the strategic reserve.

 See also 
Oil India
List of companies of India
List of largest companies by revenue
List of corporations by market capitalization
Make in India
Forbes Global 2000
Fortune India 500
Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Petroleum Technology
Indane (LPG)
Durand Cup

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Tamzin Merchant
Tamzin Claire Merchant (born 1987 or 1988) is an English actress and author, best known for her roles as Georgiana Darcy in the film Pride & Prejudice (2005), as Catherine Howard in the Showtime series The Tudors (2009–2010) and as Anne Hale in the WGN America series Salem (2014–2017). She wrote the 2021 children's book The Hatmakers.

 Early life 
Merchant was educated at Windlesham House School and Brighton College, although she has also lived in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. After twice deferring university places to concentrate on her acting career, she eventually studied English and Drama with Education at Homerton College, Cambridge.

 Career 
Merchant's early credits include Margo Durrell in the 2005 BBC television film My Family and Other Animals. In 2006 she appeared in two more BBC dramas, as Sara Fox, the daughter of Alan Davies and Michelle Gomez, in the comedy The Good Housekeeping Guide, and as Probationer Eastwood in the historical drama Casualty 1906.
In 2007, while studying at the University of Cambridge, she performed in an audio production of Lady Windermere's Fan as Lady Agatha, while in 2008 she appeared in the ensemble drama Radio Cape Cod in which she plays a summer theatre camper.
She appears in the music video for Jamie T's "If You've Got The Money" and in Belle and Sebastian's "Nobody's Empire".
She was cast in the third season (2009) of The Tudors, playing Catherine Howard, the fifth wife of Henry VIII. She debuted in the part in the third-season finale and features heavily in several episodes of the fourth (and final) season.
Merchant played Daenerys Targaryen in the unaired pilot of the HBO series Game of Thrones, based on George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels. The pilot was poorly received, and as a result the first episode was completely remade. Merchant was replaced in her role as Daenerys by Emilia Clarke.She has also starred in DCI Banks: 'Playing with Fire' as Miranda. In early 2012, Merchant played the 17-year-old Rosa Bud in the BBC adaptation of Charles Dickens' The Mystery of Edwin Drood, written by Gwyneth Hughes.
Merchant was a series regular for 3 seasons of Salem on WGN America from 2014 to 2017.In 2019 Merchant was cast as a series regular on the Amazon Prime series Carnival Row. The series premiered on 30 August and was renewed for a second season.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Music videos 

 Stage 

 References 

 External links 

Tamzin Merchant on Twitter 
Tamzin Merchant at IMDb

February 7
February 7 is the 38th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar;  327 days remain until the end of the year (328 in leap years).

 Events 

 Pre-1600 
457 – Leo I becomes the Eastern Roman emperor.
987 – Bardas Phokas the Younger and Bardas Skleros, Byzantine generals of the military elite, begin a wide-scale rebellion against Emperor Basil II.
1301 – Edward of Caernarvon (later king Edward II of England) becomes the first English Prince of Wales.
1313 – King Thihathu founds the Pinya Kingdom as the de jure successor state of the Pagan Kingdom.
1365 – Albert III of Mecklenburg (King Albert of Sweden) grants city rights to Ulvila (Swedish: Ulvsby).
1497 – In Florence, Italy, supporters of Girolamo Savonarola burn cosmetics, art, and books, in a "Bonfire of the vanities".

 1601–1900 
1756 – Guaraní War: The leader of the Guaraní rebels, Sepé Tiaraju, is killed in a skirmish with Spanish and Portuguese troops.
1783 – American Revolutionary War: French and Spanish forces lift the Great Siege of Gibraltar.
1795 – The 11th Amendment to the United States Constitution is ratified.
1807 – Napoleonic Wars: Napoleon finds Bennigsen's Russian forces taking a stand at Eylau. After bitter fighting, the French take the town, but the Russians resume the battle the next day.
1812 – The strongest in a series of earthquakes strikes New Madrid, Missouri.
1813 – In the action of 7 February 1813 near the Îles de Los, the frigates Aréthuse and Amelia batter each other, but neither can gain the upper hand.
1819 – Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles leaves Singapore after just taking it over, leaving it in the hands of William Farquhar.
1842 – Battle of Debre Tabor: Ras Ali Alula, Regent of the Emperor of Ethiopia defeats warlord Wube Haile Maryam of Semien.
1854 – A law is approved to found the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology. Lectures started October 16, 1855.
1863 – HMS Orpheus sinks off the coast of Auckland, New Zealand, killing 189.
1894 – The Cripple Creek miner's strike, led by the Western Federation of Miners, begins in Cripple Creek, Colorado, United States.
1898 – Dreyfus affair: Émile Zola is brought to trial for libel for publishing J'Accuse...!
1900 – Second Boer War: British troops fail in their third attempt to lift the Siege of Ladysmith.
1900   – A Chinese immigrant in San Francisco falls ill to bubonic plague in the first plague epidemic in the continental United States.

 1901–present 
1904 – A fire begins in Baltimore, Maryland; it destroys over 1,500 buildings in 30 hours.
1940 – The second full-length animated Walt Disney film, Pinocchio, premieres.
1943 – World War II: Imperial Japanese Navy forces complete the evacuation of Imperial Japanese Army troops from Guadalcanal during Operation Ke, ending Japanese attempts to retake the island from Allied forces in the Guadalcanal Campaign.
1944 – World War II: In Anzio, Italy, German forces launch a counteroffensive during the Allied Operation Shingle.
1951 – Korean War: More than 700 suspected communist sympathizers are massacred by South Korean forces.
1962 – The United States bans all Cuban imports and exports.
1974 – Grenada gains independence from the United Kingdom.
1979 – Pluto moves inside Neptune's orbit for the first time since either was discovered.
1981 – A plane crash at Pushkin Airport kills 50 people, including 16 members of the Pacific Fleet.
1984 – Space Shuttle program: STS-41-B Mission: Astronauts Bruce McCandless II and Robert L. Stewart make the first untethered space walk using the Manned Maneuvering Unit (MMU).
1986 – Twenty-eight years of one-family rule end in Haiti, when President Jean-Claude Duvalier flees the Caribbean nation.
1990 – Dissolution of the Soviet Union: The Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party agrees to give up its monopoly on power.
1991 – Haiti's first democratically elected president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, is sworn in.
1991   – The Troubles: The Provisional IRA launches a mortar attack on 10 Downing Street in London, the headquarters of the British government.
1992 – The Maastricht Treaty is signed, leading to the creation of the European Union.
1995 – Ramzi Yousef, the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, is arrested in Islamabad, Pakistan.
1999 – Crown Prince Abdullah becomes the King of Jordan on the death of his father, King Hussein.
2001 – Space Shuttle program: Space Shuttle Atlantis is launched on mission STS-98, carrying the Destiny laboratory module to the International Space Station.
2009 – Bushfires in Victoria leave 173 dead in the worst natural disaster in Australia's history.
2012 – President Mohamed Nasheed of the Republic of Maldives resigns, after 23 days of anti-governmental protests calling for the release of the Chief Judge unlawfully arrested by the military.
2013 – The U.S. state of Mississippi officially certifies the Thirteenth Amendment, becoming the last state to approve the abolition of slavery. The Thirteenth Amendment was formally ratified by Mississippi in 1995.
2014 – Scientists announce that the Happisburgh footprints in Norfolk, England, date back to more than 800,000 years ago, making them the oldest known hominid footprints outside Africa.
2016 – North Korea launches Kwangmyŏngsŏng-4 into outer space violating multiple UN treaties and prompting condemnation from around the world.
2021 – The 2021 Uttarakhand flood begins.

 Births 

 Pre-1600 
574 – Prince Shōtoku of Japan (d. 622)
1102 – Empress Matilda, Holy Roman Empress and claimant to the English throne (probable; d. 1167)
1449 – Adriana of Nassau-Siegen, German countess (d. 1477)
1478 – Thomas More, English lawyer and politician, Lord Chancellor of England (d. 1535)
1487 – Queen Dangyeong, Korean royal consort (d. 1557)
1500 – João de Castro, viceroy of Portuguese India (d. 1548)

 1601–1900 
1612 – Thomas Killigrew, English playwright and manager (d. 1683)
1622 – Vittoria della Rovere, Italian noble (d. 1694)
1693 – Empress Anna of Russia (d. 1740)
1722 – Azar Bigdeli, Iranian anthologist and poet (d. 1781)
1726 – Margaret Fownes-Luttrell, English painter (d. 1766)
1741 – Henry Fuseli, Swiss-English painter and academic (d. 1825)
1758 – Benedikt Schack, Czech tenor and composer (d. 1826)
1796 – Thomas Gregson, English-Australian lawyer and politician, 2nd Premier of Tasmania (baptism date; d. 1874)
1802 – Louisa Jane Hall, American poet, essayist, and literary critic (d. 1892)
1804 – John Deere, American blacksmith and businessman, founded Deere & Company (d. 1886)
1812 – Charles Dickens, English novelist and critic (d. 1870)
1825 – Karl Möbius, German zoologist and ecologist (d. 1908)
1834 – Alfred-Philibert Aldrophe, French architect (d. 1895)
1837 – James Murray, Scottish lexicographer and philologist (d. 1915)
1864 – Arthur Collins, American baritone singer (d. 1933)
1867 – Laura Ingalls Wilder, American author (d. 1957)
1870 – Alfred Adler, Austrian-Scottish psychologist and therapist (d. 1937)
1871 – Wilhelm Stenhammar, Swedish pianist, composer, and conductor (d. 1927)
1873 – Thomas Andrews, Irish shipbuilder and businessman, designed the RMS Titanic (d. 1912)
1875 – Erkki Melartin, Finnish composer (d. 1937)
1877 – G. H. Hardy, English mathematician and geneticist (d. 1947)
1878 – Ossip Gabrilowitsch, Russian-American pianist and conductor (d. 1936)
1885 – Sinclair Lewis, American novelist, short-story writer, and playwright, Nobel Prize laureate (d. 1951)
1885   – Hugo Sperrle, German field marshal (d. 1953)
1887 – Eubie Blake, American pianist and composer (d. 1983)
1889 – Harry Nyquist, Swedish-American engineer and theorist (d. 1976)
1893 – Joseph Algernon Pearce, Canadian astrophysicist and astronomer (d. 1988)
1893   – Nicanor Abelardo, Filipino pianist, composer and teacher (d. 1934)
1895 – Anita Stewart, American actress (d. 1961)

 1901–present 
1901 – Arnold Nordmeyer, New Zealand minister and politician, 30th New Zealand Minister of Finance (d. 1989)
1904 – Ernest E. Debs, American politician (d. 2002)
1905 – Paul Nizan, French philosopher and author (d. 1940)
1905   – Ulf von Euler, Swedish physiologist and academic, Nobel Prize laureate (d. 1983)
1906 – Oleg Antonov, Soviet engineer, founded the Antonov Aircraft Company (d. 1984)
1906   – Puyi, Chinese emperor (d. 1967)
1908 – Buster Crabbe, American swimmer and actor (d. 1983)
1908   – Manmath Nath Gupta, Indian journalist and author (d. 2000)
1909 – Hélder Câmara, Brazilian archbishop (d. 1999)
1909   – Amedeo Guillet, Italian soldier (d. 2010)
1912 – Russell Drysdale, English-Australian painter (d. 1981)
1912   – Roberta McCain, American socialite and oil heiress (d. 2020)
1915 – Teoctist Arăpașu, Romanian patriarch (d. 2007)
1915   – Eddie Bracken, American actor and singer (d. 2002)
1916 – Frank Hyde, Australian rugby league player, coach, and sportscaster (d. 2007)
1919 – Desmond Doss, American army corporal and combat medic, Medal of Honor recipient (d. 2006)
1919   – Jock Mahoney, American actor and stuntman (d. 1989)
1920 – Oscar Brand, Canadian-American singer-songwriter and author (d. 2016)
1920   – An Wang, Chinese-American engineer and businessman, founded Wang Laboratories (d. 1990)
1921 – Athol Rowan, South African cricketer (d. 1998)
1922 – Hattie Jacques, English actress (d. 1980)
1923 – Dora Bryan, English actress and restaurateur (d. 2014)
1925 – Hans Schmidt, Canadian wrestler (d. 2012)
1926 – Konstantin Feoktistov, Russian engineer and astronaut (d. 2009)
1927 – Juliette Gréco, French singer and actress (d. 2020)
1927   – Vladimir Kuts, Ukrainian-Russian runner and coach (d. 1975)
1927   – Lalo Ríos, Mexican actor (d. 1973)
1928 – Lincoln D. Faurer, American general (d. 2014)
1929 – Jim Langley, English international footballer and manager (d. 2007)
1932 – Gay Talese, American journalist and memoirist
1932   – Alfred Worden, American colonel, pilot, and astronaut (d. 2020)
1933 – K. N. Choksy, Sri Lankan lawyer and politician, Sri Lankan Minister of Finance (d. 2015)
1934 – Eddie Fenech Adami, Maltese lawyer and politician, 7th President of Malta
1934   – King Curtis, American saxophonist and producer (d. 1971)
1934   – Earl King, American singer-songwriter, guitarist, and producer (d. 2003)
1935 – Cliff Jones, Welsh international footballer
1935   – Herb Kohl, American businessman and politician (d. 2023)
1935   – Jörg Schneider, Swiss actor and author (d. 2015)
1936 – Jas Gawronski, Italian journalist and politician
1937 – Peter Jay, English economist, journalist, and diplomat, British Ambassador to the United States
1937   – Juan Pizarro, Puerto Rican baseball player (d. 2021)
1940 – Tony Tan, Singaporean academic and politician, 7th President of Singapore
1942 – Gareth Hunt, English actor (d. 2007)
1943 – Eric Foner, American historian, author, and academic
1945 – Gerald Davies, Welsh rugby player and journalist
1946 – Héctor Babenco, Argentinian-Brazilian director, producer, and screenwriter (d. 2016)
1946   – Gérard Jean-Juste, Haitian priest and activist (d. 2009)
1946   – Pete Postlethwaite, English actor (d. 2011)
1949 – Jacques Duchesneau, Canadian police officer and politician
1950 – Karen Joy Fowler, American author
1953 – Robert Brazile, American football player
1954 – Dieter Bohlen, German singer-songwriter and producer
1955 – Rolf Benirschke, American football player and game show host
1955   – Miguel Ferrer, American actor and director (d. 2017)
1956 – John Nielsen, Danish racing driver
1956   – Mark St. John, American guitarist (d. 2007)
1957 – Dámaso García, Dominican baseball player and footballer (d. 2020)
1958 – Giuseppe Baresi, Italian footballer and manager
1958   – Terry Marsh, English boxer and politician
1958   – Matt Ridley, English journalist, author, and politician
1959 – Mick McCarthy, English footballer, manager, and sportscaster
1960 – Robert Smigel, American actor, producer, and screenwriter
1960   – James Spader, American actor and producer
1962 – Garth Brooks, American singer-songwriter and guitarist
1962   – David Bryan, American keyboard player and songwriter
1962   – Eddie Izzard, English comedian, actor, and producer
1963 – Heidemarie Stefanyshyn-Piper, American Naval officer and astronaut
1964 – Ashok Banker, Indian journalist, author, and screenwriter
1965 – Chris Rock, American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter
1966 – Kristin Otto, German swimmer
1968 – Peter Bondra, Ukrainian-Slovak ice hockey player and manager
1968   – Sully Erna, American singer-songwriter and musician
1968   – Mark Tewksbury, Canadian swimmer and sportscaster
1969 – Andrew Micallef, Maltese painter and musician
1971 – Anita Tsoy, Russian singer-songwriter
1972 – Essence Atkins, American actress
1972   – Robyn Lively, American actress
1973 – Juwan Howard, American basketball player and coach
1974 – J Dilla, American rapper and producer (d. 2006)
1974   – Steve Nash, South African-Canadian basketball player
1974   – Nujabes, Japanese record producer, DJ, composer and arranger (d. 2010)
1975 – Wes Borland, American singer-songwriter and guitarist
1975   – Miriam Corowa, Australian journalist, television presenter and producer
1975   – Alexandre Daigle, Canadian ice hockey player
1975   – Rémi Gaillard, French comedian and actor
1976 – Chito Miranda, Filipino singer-songwriter
1977 – Tsuneyasu Miyamoto, Japanese footballer
1978 – David Aebischer, Swiss ice hockey player
1978   – Endy Chávez, Venezuelan baseball player
1978   – Ashton Kutcher, American model, actor, producer, and entrepreneur
1978   – Milt Palacio, American-Belizean basketball player and coach
1978   – Daniel Van Buyten, Belgian footballer
1979 – Daniel Bierofka, German footballer and coach
1979   – Tawakkol Karman, Yemeni journalist and activist, Nobel Prize laureate
1979   – Sam J. Miller, American author
1980 – Dalibor Bagarić, Croatian basketball player
1981 – Neto, Brazilian footballer
1981   – Lee Ok-sung, South Korean boxer
1982 – Mohammed Bijeh, Iranian serial killer (d. 2006)
1982   – Osamu Mukai, Japanese actor
1982   – Mickaël Piétrus, French basketball player
1983 – Scott Feldman, American baseball player
1983   – Sho Kamogawa, Japanese footballer
1983   – Federico Marchetti, Italian footballer
1984 – Trey Hardee, American decathlete
1985 – Josh Hennessy, American ice hockey player
1985   – Bernard James, American basketball player
1985   – Tina Majorino, American actress
1985   – Deborah Ann Woll, American actress
1987 – Joel Freeland, English basketball player
1988 – Ai Kago, Japanese singer and actress
1988   – Matthew Stafford, American football player
1989 – Nick Calathes, American-Greek basketball player
1989   – Isaiah Thomas, American basketball player
1989   – Elia Viviani, Italian cyclist
1990 – Morris Claiborne, American football player
1990   – Jacksepticeye, Irish YouTuber
1990   – Gianluca Lapadula, Italian footballer
1990   – Dalilah Muhammad, American hurdler
1990   – Steven Stamkos, Canadian ice hockey player
1991 – Gabbie Hanna, American Internet personality and singer-songwriter
1991   – Ryan O'Reilly, Canadian ice hockey player
1991   – Richard Pánik, Slovak ice hockey player
1992 – Sergi Roberto, Spanish footballer
1992   – Ksenia Stolbova, Russian figure skater
1992   – Maimi Yajima, Japanese singer and actress
1993 – Javon Hargrave, American football player
1993   – Chris Mears, English diver
1994 – Riley Barber, American ice hockey player
1994   – Nathan Walker, Welsh-Australian ice hockey player
1995 – Tom Glynn-Carney, English actor and musician
1995   – Roberto Osuna, Mexican baseball player
1996 – Aaron Ekblad, Canadian ice hockey player
1996   – Pierre Gasly, French racing driver
1997 – Nicolò Barella, Italian footballer
1997   – Anhelina Kalinina, Ukrainian tennis player
1999 – Omar Marmoush, Egyptian footballer
2001 – R. J. Hampton, American basketball player
2003 – Alessandro Fontanarosa Italian footballer

 Deaths 

 Pre-1600 
199 – Lü Bu, Chinese warlord
318 – Jin Mindi, emperor of the Jin Dynasty (b. 300)
999 – Boleslaus II the Pious, Duke of Bohemia (b. 932)
1045 – Emperor Go-Suzaku of Japan (b. 1009)
1065 – Siegfried I, Count of Sponheim (b. c. 1010)
1127 – Ava, German poet (b. 1060)
1165 – Marshal Stephen of Armenia
1259 – Thomas, Count of Flanders
1317 – Robert, Count of Clermont (b. 1256)
1320 – Jan Muskata, Bishop of Kraków (b. 1250)
1333 – Nikko, Japanese priest, founder of Nichiren Shoshu Buddhism (b. 1246)
1520 – Alfonsina de' Medici, Regent of Florence (b. 1472)
1560 – Bartolommeo Bandinelli, Florentine sculptor (b. 1493)

 1601–1900 
1603 – Bartholomäus Sastrow, German politician (b. 1520)
1623 – Thomas Cecil, 1st Earl of Exeter, English soldier and politician, Lord Lieutenant of Northamptonshire (b. 1546)
1626 – William V, Duke of Bavaria (b. 1548)
1642 – William Bedell, English bishop and academic (b. 1571)
1693 – Paul Pellisson, French lawyer and author (b. 1624)
1736 – Stephen Gray, English astronomer and physicist (b. 1666)
1779 – William Boyce, English organist and composer (b. 1711)
1799 – Qianlong Emperor of China (b. 1711)
1801 – Daniel Chodowiecki, Polish-German painter and academic (b. 1726)
1819 – August Wilhelm Hupel, German-Estonian linguist and author (b. 1737)
1823 – Ann Radcliffe, English author (b. 1764)
1837 – Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden (b. 1778)
1849 – Mariano Paredes, Mexican general and 16th president (1845-1846) (b. 1797)
1862 – Francisco de Paula Martínez de la Rosa y Berdejo, Spanish playwright and politician, Prime Minister of Spain (b. 1787)
1864 – Vuk Karadžić, Serbian philologist and linguist (b. 1787)
1871 – Henry E. Steinway, German-American businessman, founded Steinway & Sons (b. 1797)
1873 – Sheridan Le Fanu, Irish author (b. 1814)
1878 – Pope Pius IX (b. 1792)
1891 – Marie Louise Andrews, American story writer and journalist  (b. 1849)
1897 – Galileo Ferraris, Italian physicist and engineer (b. 1847)

 1901–present 
1919 – William Halford, English-American lieutenant, Medal of Honor recipient (b. 1841)
1920 – Alexander Kolchak, Russian admiral and explorer (b. 1874)
1920   – Charles Langelier, Canadian journalist, judge, and politician (b. 1850)
1921 – John J. Gardner, American politician (b. 1845)
1937 – Elihu Root, American lawyer and politician, 38th United States Secretary of State, Nobel Prize laureate (b. 1845)
1938 – Harvey Samuel Firestone, American businessman, founded the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company (b. 1868)
1939 – Boris Grigoriev, Russian painter and illustrator (b. 1886)
1940 – James McCormick (Irish republican), Executed Irish Republican (b. 1910)
1940   – Peter Barnes (Irish republican), Executed Irish Republican (b. 1907)
1942 – Ivan Bilibin, Russian illustrator and stage designer (b. 1876)
1944 – Lina Cavalieri, Italian soprano and actress (b. 1874)
1959 – Nap Lajoie, American baseball player and manager (b. 1874)
1959   – Daniel François Malan, South African minister and politician, 5th Prime Minister of South Africa (b. 1874)
1959   – Guitar Slim, American singer and guitarist (b. 1926)
1960 – Igor Kurchatov, Russian physicist and academic (b. 1903)
1963 – Learco Guerra, Italian cyclist and manager (b. 1902)
1964 – Sofoklis Venizelos, Greek captain and politician, 133rd Prime Minister of Greece (b. 1894)
1968 – Nick Adams, American actor and screenwriter (b. 1931)
1972 – Walter Lang, American director and screenwriter (b. 1896)
1979 – Josef Mengele, German SS officer and physician (b. 1911)
1986 – Cheikh Anta Diop, Senegalese historian, anthropologist, and physicist (b. 1923)
1990 – Alan Perlis, American computer scientist and academic (b. 1922)
1990   – Alfredo M. Santos, Filipino general (b. 1905)
1991 – Amos Yarkoni, Israeli colonel (b. 1920)
1994 – Witold Lutosławski, Polish composer and conductor (b. 1913)
1999 – King Hussein of Jordan (b. 1935)
1999   – Bobby Troup, American actor, pianist, and composer (b. 1918)
2000 – Doug Henning, Canadian magician and politician (b. 1947)
2001 – Anne Morrow Lindbergh, American author and pilot (b. 1906)
2003 – Augusto Monterroso, Guatemalan author (b. 1921)
2005 – Atli Dam, Faroese engineer and politician, 5th Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands (b. 1932)
2006 – Princess Durru Shehvar of the Ottoman Empire (b. 1914)
2009 – Blossom Dearie, American singer and pianist (b. 1924)
2010 – Franco Ballerini, Italian cyclist and coach (b. 1964)
2012 – Harry Keough, American soccer player and coach (b. 1927)
2013 – Krsto Papić, Croatian director and screenwriter (b. 1933)
2014 – Doug Mohns, Canadian-American ice hockey player (b. 1933)
2015 – Billy Casper, American golfer (b. 1931)
2015   – Marshall Rosenberg, American psychologist and author (b. 1934)
2015   – Dean Smith, American basketball player and coach (b. 1931)
2015   – John C. Whitehead, American banker and politician, 9th United States Deputy Secretary of State (b. 1922)
2017 – Richard Hatch, American actor (b. 1945)
2017   – Hans Rosling, Swedish academic (b. 1948)
2017   – Tzvetan Todorov, Bulgarian philosopher (b. 1939)
2019 – John Dingell, American politician (b. 1926)
2019   – Albert Finney, English actor (b. 1936)
2019   – Jan Olszewski, Polish politician, 3rd Prime Minister (b. 1930)
2019   – Frank Robinson, American baseball player, coach, and manager (b. 1935)
2020 – Li Wenliang, Chinese ophthalmologist who initially warned about COVID-19 (b. 1986)

 Holidays and observances 
Christian feast day:
Richard the Pilgrim
Blessed Eugénie Smet
Blessed Pope Pius IX
Chrysolius
Egidio Maria of Saint Joseph
February 7 (Eastern Orthodox liturgics)
New Martyrs and Confessors of the Russian Orthodox Church Typically observed on the Sunday closest to January 25 (O.S.)/February 7 (N.S.)
Independence Day (Grenada), celebrates the independence of Grenada from the United Kingdom in 1974.
National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day (United States)

 References 

 External links 

BBC: On This Day

The New York Times: On This Day
Historical Events on February 9

The Autumn Effect
The Autumn Effect is the third studio album and major label debut by American alternative metal band 10 Years. It was released on July 22, 2005, by Republic and Universal Records. Featured on the album is the popular modern rock track "Wasteland" and two other singles: "Through the Iris" and "Waking Up".
Due to the success of "Wasteland", The Autumn Effect broke 10 Years into the mainstream and as of December 6, 2017, the album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

 Album information 
The album peaked at number 72 on the Billboard 200, and made a re-entry into the top 100 of the chart, based on the growing mainstream success of the single "Wasteland". The album as a whole has been frequently compared to the work of Tool, Deftones, and, to a lesser extent, Incubus.Slightly different versions of the songs "Wasteland", "Through the Iris", and "Insects" all appeared on the 2004 album Killing All That Holds You.
The hidden track "Slowly Falling Awake" is after "The Autumn Effect", however not as a separate track.
There are two instrumental pieces in negative time prior to "Wasteland" and "Empires". They will automatically be played if the tracks prior to Wasteland and Empires ("Cast It Out" and "Through the Iris", respectively) are played. If played from an MP3 device or computer, these instrumental pieces will be on the same track as "Cast It Out" and "Through the Iris" and play after the songs are over.

 Track listing 

Note

The Compact Disc release has the songs "Cast It Out" and "Through the Iris" with instrumentals at the end of each song, plus "Slowly Falling Awake" at the end of "The Autumn Effect". The digital download versions of the album (including the iTunes version) do not include these instrumentals or "Slowly Falling Awake".

 Personnel 
10 Years

Jesse Hasek – lead vocals
Ryan "Tater" Johnson – lead guitar, backing vocals
Matt Wantland – rhythm guitar
Lewis "Big Lew" Cosby – bass
Brian Vodinh – drums, backing vocalsAdditional musicians

Michael Harrison – violin
Ruth Brugger-Johnson – violin
Novi Novog – viola
Nancy Stein-Ross – cello
Rick Bemis – double bassProduction

Josh Abraham – producer
Ryan Williams – sound engineer, mixing
Tom Baker – mastering
Ross Garfield – drum technician
Brett Allen – guitar technicianArtwork

Travis Stevens – art direction, photography
Dean Karr – photography
Carol Farneti – foster humming bird photographyManagement

Adrian Vallera – A&R
Anthony Rollo – A&R For Universal Records
Michael Ullman – business management for Platinum Financial Management, Inc.
Christian L. Castle, Esq. – legal representation
Adrian Vallera, Dean Cramer, Steve Ross – worldwide management
Michael Arfin  – worldwide booking agent for Artist Group International
Dave Kirby – european booking agent for The Agency Group

 Charts 

 Album 

 Singles 

 Certifications 

 References 

Albania
Albania (  a(w)l-BAY-nee-ə; Albanian: Shqipëri or Shqipëria), officially the Republic of Albania (Albanian: Republika e Shqipërisë), is a country in Southeast Europe. The country is located in the Balkans on the Adriatic and Ionian Seas within the Mediterranean Sea and shares land borders with Montenegro to the northwest, Kosovo to the northeast, North Macedonia to the east and Greece to the south. Spanning an area of 28,748 km2 (11,100 sq mi), it displays a varied range of climatic, geological, hydrological and morphological conditions. The country's landscapes range from rugged snow-capped mountains in the Albanian Alps and the Korab, Skanderbeg, Pindus and Ceraunian Mountains, to fertile lowland plains extending from the coasts of the Adriatic and Ionian seas. Tirana is the capital and largest city in the country, followed by Durrës, Vlorë, and Shkodër.
In ancient times, the Illyrians inhabited northern and central regions of Albania, whilst Epirotes inhabited the south. Several important ancient Greek colonies were also established on the coast. The Illyrian kingdom centered in what is now Albania was the dominant power before the Rise of Macedon. In the 2nd century BCE, the region was annexed by the Roman Republic, and after the division of the Roman Empire it became part of Byzantium. The first known Albanian autonomous principality – Arbanon – was established in the 12th century. The Kingdom of Albania, Principality of Albania and Albania Veneta were formed between the 13th and 15th centuries in different parts of the country, alongside other Albanian principalities and political entities. In the late 15th century, Albania became part of the Ottoman Empire until 1912, when the modern Albanian state declared independence. In 1939, Italy invaded the Kingdom of Albania, which became Greater Albania, and then a protectorate of Nazi Germany during World War II. Following the war, the People's Socialist Republic of Albania was formed, which lasted until the Revolutions of 1991 concluded with the fall of communism in Albania and eventually the establishment of the current Republic of Albania.
Since its independence in 1912, Albania has undergone a diverse political evolution, transitioning from a monarchy to a communist regime before becoming a sovereign parliamentary constitutional republic. Governed by a constitution prioritising the separation of powers, the country's political structure includes a parliament, a ceremonial president, a functional prime minister and a hierarchy of courts. Albania is a developing country with an upper-middle income economy driven by the service sector, with manufacturing and tourism also playing significant roles. The country underwent a transition post the dissolution of communism, shifting from a centralised planning to adopting a open market economy. Citizens in Albania benefit from universal health care access and receive complimentary primary and secondary education.

 Name 

The historical origins of the term "Albania" can be traced back to medieval Latin, with its foundations believed to be associated with the Illyrian tribe of the Albani. This connection gains further support from the work of the Ancient Greek geographer Ptolemy during the 2nd century AD, where he included the settlement of Albanopolis situated to the northeast of Durrës. The presence of a medieval settlement named Albanon or Arbanon hints at the possibility of historical continuity. However, the precise relationship between these historical references and the question of whether Albanopolis was synonymous with Albanon remains a subject of scholarly debate.The Byzantine historian Michael Attaliates, in his 11th century historical account, provides the earliest undisputed reference to the Albanians, when he mentions them having taken part in a revolt against Constantinople in 1079. Additionally, he identified the Arbanitai as subjects under the governance of the Duke of Dyrrachium. In the Middle Ages, Albania was denoted as Arbëri or Arbëni by its inhabitants, who identified themselves as Arbëreshë or Arbëneshë. Albanians employ the terms Shqipëri or Shqipëria when referring to their nation, designations  that trace their historical origins to the 14th century. However, it was not until the late 17th and early 18th centuries that these terms gradually superseded Arbëria and Arbëreshë among the Albanians. These two expressions are widely interpreted to symbolise "Children of the Eagles" and "Land of the Eagles".

 History 

 Prehistory 

Mesolithic habitation in Albania has been evidenced in several open air sites which during that period were close to the Adriatic coastline and in cave sites. Mesolithic objects found in a cave near Xarrë include flint and jasper objects along with fossilised animal bones, while those discoveries at Mount Dajt comprise bone and stone tools similar to those of the Aurignacian culture. The Neolithic era in Albania began around 7000 BCE and is evidenced in finds which indicate domestication of sheep and goats and small-scale agriculture. A part of the Neolithic population may have been the same as the Mesolithic population of the southern Balkans like in the Konispol cave where the Mesolithic stratum co-exists with Pre-Pottery Neolithic finds. Cardium pottery culture appears in coastal Albania and across the Adriatic after 6500 BCE, while the settlements of the interior took part in the processes which formed Starčevo culture.The Indo-Europeanization of Albania in the context of the IE-ization of the western Balkans began after 2800 BCE. The presence of the Early Bronze Age tumuli in the vicinity of later Apollonia dates to  2679±174 calBCE (2852-2505 calBCE). These burial mounds belong to the southern expression of the Adriatic-Ljubljana culture (related to later Cetina culture) which moved southwards along the Adriatic from the northern Balkans. The same community built similar mounds in Montenegro (Rakića Kuće) and northern Albania (Shtoj). The first archaeogenetic find related to the IE-ization of Albania involves a man with predominantly Yamnaya ancestry buried in a tumulus of northeastern Albania which dates to 2663–2472 calBCE. During the Middle Bronze Age, Cetina culture sites and finds appear in Albania. Cetina culture moved southwards across the Adriatic from the Cetina valley of Dalmatia. In Albania, Cetina finds are concentrated around southern Lake Shkodër and appear typically in tumulus cemeteries like in Shkrel and Shtoj and hillforts like Gajtan (Shkodër) as well as cave sites like Blaz, Nezir and Keputa (central Albania) and lake basin sites like Sovjan (southeastern Albania).

 Antiquity 

The incorporated territory of Albania was historically inhabited by Indo-European peoples, amongst them numerous Illyrian and Epirote tribes. There were also several Greek colonies. The territory referred to as Illyria corresponded roughly to the area east of the Adriatic Sea in the Mediterranean Sea extending in the south to the mouth of the Vjosë. The first account of the Illyrian groups comes from Periplus of the Euxine Sea, a Greek text written in the 4th century BC. The Bryges were also present in  central Albania, while the south was inhabited by the Epirote Chaonians, whose capital was at Phoenice. Other colonies such as Apollonia and Epidamnos were established by Greek city-states on the coast by the 7th century BC.
The Illyrian Taulanti were a powerful Illyrian tribe that were among the earliest recorded tribes in the area. They lived in a area that corresponds much of present-day Albania. Together with the Dardanian ruler Cleitus, Glaucias, the ruler of the Taulantian kingdom, fought against Alexander the Great at the Battle of Pelium in 335 BC. As the time passed, the ruler of Ancient Macedonia, Cassander of Macedon captured Apollonia and crossed the river Genusus (Albanian: Shkumbin) in 314 BC. A few years later Glaucias laid siege to Apollonia and captured the Greek colony of Epidamnos.The Illyrian Ardiaei tribe, centred in Montenegro, ruled over most of the territory of northern Albania. Their Ardiaean Kingdom reached its greatest extent under King Agron, the son of Pleuratus II. Agron extended his rule over other neighbouring tribes as well. Following Agron's death in 230 BC, his wife, Teuta, inherited the Ardiaean kingdom. Teuta's forces extended their operations further southwards to the Ionian Sea. In 229 BC, Rome declared war on the kingdom for extensively plundering Roman ships. The war ended in Illyrian defeat in 227 BC. Teuta was eventually succeeded by Gentius in 181 BC. Gentius clashed with the Romans in 168 BC, initiating the Third Illyrian War. The conflict resulted in Roman conquest of the region by 167 BC. The Romans split the region into three administrative divisions.

 Middle Ages 

The Roman Empire was split in 395 upon the death of Theodosius I into an Eastern and Western Roman Empire in part because of the increasing pressure from threats during the Barbarian Invasions. From the 6th century into the 7th century, the Slavs crossed the Danube and largely absorbed the indigenous Greeks, Illyrians and Thracians in the Balkans; thus, the Illyrians were mentioned for the last time in historical records in the 7th century.In the 11th century, the Great Schism formalised the break of communion between the Eastern Orthodox and Western Catholic Church that is reflected in Albania through the emergence of a Catholic north and Orthodox south. The Albanian people inhabited the west of Lake Ochrida and the upper valley of River Shkumbin and established the Principality of Arbanon in 1190 under the leadership of Progon of Kruja. The realm was succeeded by his sons Gjin and Dhimitri.
Upon the death of Dhimiter, the territory came under the rule of the Albanian-Greek Gregory Kamonas and subsequently under the Golem of Kruja. In the 13th century, the principality was dissolved. Arbanon is considered to be the first sketch of an Albanian state, that retained a semi-autonomous status as the western extremity of the Byzantine Empire, under the Byzantine Doukai of Epirus or Laskarids of Nicaea.
Towards the end of the 12th and beginning of the 13th centuries, Serbs and Venetians started to take possession over the territory. The ethnogenesis of the Albanians is uncertain; however, the first undisputed mention of Albanians dates back in historical records from 1079 or 1080 in a work by Michael Attaliates, who referred to the Albanoi as having taken part in a revolt against Constantinople. At this point the Albanians were fully Christianised.
After the dissolution of Arbanon, Charles of Anjou concluded an agreement with the Albanian rulers, promising to protect them and their ancient liberties. In 1272, he established the Kingdom of Albania and conquered regions back from the Despotate of Epirus. The kingdom claimed all of central Albania territory from Dyrrhachium along the Adriatic Sea coast down to Butrint. A catholic political structure was a basis for the papal plans of spreading Catholicism in the Balkan Peninsula. This plan found also the support of Helen of Anjou, a cousin of Charles of Anjou. Around 30 Catholic churches and monasteries were built during her rule mainly in northern Albania. Internal power struggles within the Byzantine Empire in the 14th century enabled Serbs' most powerful medieval ruler, Stefan Dusan, to establish a short-lived empire that included all of Albania except Durrës. In 1367, various Albanian rulers established the Despotate of Arta. During that time, several Albanian principalities were created, notably the Principality of Albania, Principality of Kastrioti, Lordship of Berat and Principality of Dukagjini. In the first half of the 15th century, the Ottoman Empire invaded most of Albania, and the League of Lezhë was held under Skanderbeg as a ruler, who became the national hero of the Albanian medieval history.

 Ottoman Empire 

With the fall of Constantinople, the Ottoman Empire continued an extended period of conquest and expansion with its borders going deep into Southeast Europe. They reached the Albanian Ionian Sea Coast in 1385 and erected their garrisons across Southern Albania in 1415 and then occupied most of Albania in 1431. Thousands of Albanians consequently fled to Western Europe, particularly to Calabria, Naples, Ragusa and Sicily, whereby others sought protection at the often inaccessible Mountains of Albania. The Albanians, as Christians, were considered an inferior class of people, and as such they were subjected to heavy taxes among others by the Devshirme system that allowed the Sultan to collect a requisite percentage of Christian adolescents from their families to compose the Janissary. The Ottoman conquest was also accompanied with the gradual process of Islamisation and the rapid construction of mosques.
A prosperous and longstanding revolution erupted after the formation of the Assembly of Lezhë until the Siege of Shkodër under the leadership of Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg, multiple times defeating major Ottoman armies led by Sultans Murad II and Mehmed II. Skanderbeg managed to gather several of the Albanian principals, amongst them the Arianitis, Dukagjinis, Zaharias and Thopias, and establish a centralised authority over most of the non-conquered territories, becoming the Lord of Albania. Skanderbeg consistently pursued the goal relentlessly but rather unsuccessfully to constitute a European coalition against the Ottomans. He thwarted every attempt by the Ottomans to regain Albania, which they envisioned as a springboard for the invasion of Western Europe. His unequal fight against them won financial and military aid from the Papacy and Naples, Venice and Ragusa.When the Ottomans were gaining a firm foothold in the region, Albanian towns were organised into four principal sanjaks. The government fostered trade by settling a sizeable Jewish colony of refugees fleeing persecution in Spain. The city of Vlorë saw passing through its ports imported merchandise from Europe such as velvets, cotton goods, mohairs, carpets, spices and leather from Bursa and Constantinople. Some citizens of Vlorë even had business associates throughout Europe.The phenomenon of Islamisation among the Albanians became primarily widespread from the 17th century and continued into the 18th century. Islam offered them equal opportunities and advancement within the Ottoman Empire. However, motives for conversion were, according to some scholars, diverse depending on the context though the lack of source material does not help when investigating such issues. Because of increasing suppression of Catholicism, most Catholic Albanians converted in the 17th century, while Orthodox Albanians followed suit mainly in the following century.
Since the Albanians were seen as strategically important, they made up a significant proportion of the Ottoman military and bureaucracy. Many Muslim Albanians attained important political and military positions and culturally contributed to the broader Muslim world. Enjoying this privileged position, they held various high administrative positions with over two dozen Albanian Grand Viziers. Others included members of the prominent Köprülü family, Zagan Pasha, Muhammad Ali of Egypt and Ali Pasha of Tepelena. Furthermore, two sultans, Bayezid II and Mehmed III, both had mothers of Albanian origin.

 Rilindja 

The Albanian Renaissance was a period with its roots in the late 18th century and continuing into the 19th century, during which the Albanian people gathered spiritual and intellectual strength for an independent cultural and political life within an independent nation. Modern Albanian culture flourished too, especially Albanian literature and arts, and was frequently linked to the influences of the Romanticism and Enlightenment principles. Prior to the rise of nationalism, Ottoman authorities suppressed any expression of national unity or conscience by the Albanian people.
The victory of Russia over the Ottoman Empire following the Russian-Ottoman Wars resulted the execution of the Treaty of San Stefano which overlooked to assign Albanian-populated lands to the Slavic and Greek neighbours. However, the United Kingdom and Austro-Hungarian Empire consequently blocked the arrangement and caused the Treaty of Berlin. From this point, Albanians started to organise themselves with the goal to protect and unite the Albanian-populated lands into a unitary nation, leading to the formation of the League of Prizren. The league had initially the assistance of the Ottoman authorities whose position was based on the religious solidarity of Muslim people and landlords connected with the Ottoman administration. They favoured and protected the Muslim solidarity and called for defence of Muslim lands simultaneously constituting the reason for titling the league Committee of the Real Muslims.Approximately 300 Muslims participated in the assembly composed by delegates from Bosnia, the administrator of the Sanjak of Prizren as representatives of the central authorities and no delegates from Vilayet of Scutari. Signed by only 47 Muslim deputies, the league issued the Kararname that contained a proclamation that the people from northern Albania, Epirus and Bosnia and Herzegovina are willing to defend the territorial integrity of the Ottoman Empire by all possible means against the troops of Bulgaria, Serbia and Montenegro.Ottomans authorities cancelled their assistance when the league, under Abdyl Frashëri, became focused on working towards Albanian autonomy and requested merging four vilayets, including Kosovo, Shkodër, Monastir and Ioannina, into an unified vilayet, the Albanian Vilayet. The league used military force to prevent the annexing areas of Plav and Gusinje assigned to Montenegro. After several successful battles with Montenegrin troops, such as the Battle of Novšiće, the league was forced to retreat from their contested regions. The league was later defeated by the Ottoman army sent by the sultan.

 Independence 

Albania declared independence from the Ottoman Empire on 28 November 1912, accompanied with the establishment of the Senate and Government by the Assembly of Vlorë on 4 December 1912. Its sovereignty was recognised by the Conference of London. On 29 July 1913, the Treaty of London delineated the borders of the country and its neighbours, leaving many Albanians outside Albania, predominantly partitioned between Montenegro, Serbia and Greece.Headquartered in Vlorë, the International Commission of Control was established on 15 October 1913 to take care of the administration of newly established Albania, until its own political institutions were in order. The International Gendarmerie was established as the first law enforcement agency of the Principality of Albania. In November, the first gendarmerie members arrived in the country. Prince of Albania Wilhelm of Wied (Princ Vilhelm Vidi) was selected as the first prince of the principality. On 7 March, he arrived in the provisional capital of Durrës and started to organise his government, appointing Turhan Pasha Përmeti to form the first Albanian cabinet.
In November 1913, the Albanian pro-Ottoman forces had offered the throne of Albania to the Ottoman war Minister of Albanian origin, Ahmed Izzet Pasha. The pro-Ottoman peasants believed that the new regime was a tool of the six Christian Great Powers and local landowners, that owned half of the arable land.In February 1914, the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus was proclaimed in Gjirokastër by the local Greek population against incorporation to Albania. This initiative was short-lived, and in 1921 the southern provinces were incorporated into the Albanian Principality. Meanwhile, the revolt of Albanian peasants against the new Albanian regime erupted under the leadership of the group of Muslim clerics gathered around Essad Pasha Toptani, who proclaimed himself the saviour of Albania and Islam. In order to gain support of the Mirdita Catholic volunteers from the northern part of Albania, Prince Wied appointed their leader, Prênk Bibë Doda, to be the foreign minister of the Principality of Albania. In May and June 1914, the International Gendarmerie was joined by Isa Boletini and his men, mostly from Kosovo, and northern Mirdita Catholics, were defeated by the rebels who captured most of Central Albania by the end of August 1914. The regime of Prince Wied collapsed, and he left the country on 3 September 1914.

 First Republic 

The interwar period in Albania was marked by persistent economic and social difficulties, political instability and foreign interventions. After World War I, Albania lacked an established government and internationally recognised borders, rendering it vulnerable to neighboring entities such as Greece, Italy and Yugoslavia, all of which sought to expand their influence. This led to political uncertainty, highlighted in 1918 when the Congress of Durrës sought Paris Peace Conference protection but was denied, further complicating Albania's position on the international stage. Territorial tensions escalated as Yugoslavia, particularly Serbia, sought control of northern Albania, while Greece aimed dominance in southern Albania. The situation deteriorated in 1919 when the Serbs launched attacks on Albanian inhabitants, among others in Gusinje and Plav, resulting in massacres and large-scale displacement. Meanwhile, Italian influence continued to expand during this time driven by economic interests and political ambitions.Fan Noli, renowned for his idealism, assumed the role of Prime Minister in the year of 1924, with a vision to institute a Western-style constitutional government, abolish feudalism, counter Italian influence and enhance critical sectors including infrastructure, education and healthcare. He faced resistance from former allies, who had assisted in the removal of Zog from power, and struggled to secure the foreign aid to implement his agenda. Noli's decision to establish diplomatic ties with the Soviet Union, an adversary of the Serbian elite, ignited allegations of bolshevism from Belgrade. This, in turn, led to increased pressure from Italy and culminated in Zog's restoration to authority. Subsequently in 1928, Zogu transitioned Albania from a republic to a monarchy that garnered backing from Fascist Italy, with Zog assuming the title of King Zog I. Key constitutional changes dissolved the Senate and established a unicameral National Assembly, while preserving Zog's authoritative powers.In 1939, Italy led by Benito Mussolini, launched a military invasion of Albania, resulting to the exile of Zog and the creation of an Italian protectorate. As World War II progressed, Italy aimed to expand its territorial dominion in the Balkans, including territorial claims on regions of Greece (Chameria), Macedonia, Montenegro and Kosovo. These ambitions laid the foundation of Greater Albania, which aimed to unite all areas with Albanian-majority populations into a single country. In 1943, as Italy's control declined, Nazi Germany assumed control of Albania, subjecting Albanians to forced labor, economic exploitation and repression under German rule. The tide shifted in 1944 when the Albanian partisan forces, under the leadership of Enver Hoxha and other communist leaders, successfully liberated Albania from German occupation.

 Communism 

The establishment of the People's Republic of Albania with the leadership of Enver Hoxha characterised a significant epoch in the modern history of Albania. Hoxha's regime embraced Marxism–Leninism ideologies and implemented authoritarian policies, including the prohibition of religious practices, severe restrictions on travel and the abolition of private property rights. It was also defined by a persistent pattern of purges, extensive repression, instances of betrayal and a hostility towards external influences. Any form of opposition or resistance to his rule was met with expeditious and severe consequences, such as internal exile, extended imprisonment and execution. The regime confronted a multitude of challenges in Albania that encompassed widespread poverty, illiteracy, health crises and gender inequality. As a response, Hoxha initiated a modernisation initiative aimed at attaining economic and social liberation and transforming the country into an industrial society. The regime placed a high priority on the diversification of the economy through a programme of Soviet-style industrialisation, comprehensive infrastructure development such as the introduction of a transformative railway system, expansion of education and healthcare services, elimination of adult illiteracy and targeted advancements in areas such as women's rights.
The diplomatic history of Albania during the communism was characterised by notable diplomatic conflicts. Initially aligned with Yugoslavia as a satellite state, the relationship deteriorated as Yugoslavia aimed to incorporate Albania within its territory. Subsequently, Albania established relations with the Soviet Union and engaged trade agreements with other Eastern European countries, but experienced disagreements over Soviet policies, leading to strained ties with Moscow and a diplomatic separation in 1961. Simultaneously, tensions with the West also heightened due to Albania's refusal to hold free elections and allegations of Western support for Anti-Communist uprisings. Albania's enduring partnership was with China as it sided with Beijing during the Sino-Soviet conflict, resulting in severed ties with the Soviet Union and withdrawal from the Warsaw Pact in response to the invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968. However, their relations stagnated in the 1970, prompting both sides to reassess their commitment, and Albania actively reduced its dependence on China.Under Hoxha's regime, Albania underwent a widespread campaign targeting religious clergy of various faiths, resulting in public persecution and executions, particularly targeting Muslims, Roman Catholics and Eastern Orthodox adherents. In 1946, religious estates underwent nationalisation, coinciding with the closure or transformation of religious institutions into various other purposes. The culmination occurred in 1976 when Albania attained the status of being the world's first constitutional atheist state. Under this regime, Albanians were forced to renounce their religious beliefs, adopt a secular way of life and embrace a socialist ideology.

 Fourth Republic 

After four decades of communism paired with the revolutions of 1989, Albania witnessed a notable rise in political activism, particularly among the students, which ultimately lead to a transformation in the prevailing order. Subsequent to the attainment of widespread in the first multi-party elections of 1991, the communist party maintained a stronghold in the parliament until their defeat in the parliamentary elections of 1992 directed by the Democratic Party. Considerable economic and financial resources were devoted to pyramid schemes that were widely supported by the government. The schemes swept up somewhere between one sixth and one third of the population of the country. Despite the warnings of the International Monetary Fund, Sali Berisha defended the schemes as large investment firms, leading more people to redirect their remittances and sell their homes and cattle for cash to deposit in the schemes.The schemes began to collapse in late 1996, leading many of the investors to join initially peaceful protests against the government, requesting their money back. The protests turned violent in February 1997 as government forces responded by firing on the demonstrators. In March, the Police and Republican Guard deserted, leaving their armouries open. These were promptly emptied by militias and criminal gangs. The resulting civil war caused a wave of evacuations of foreign nationals and refugees.The crisis led both Aleksandër Meksi and Sali Berisha to resign from office in the wake of the general election. In April 1997, Operation Alba, a UN peacekeeping force led by Italy, entered the country with two goals exclusively to assist with the evacuation of expatriates and to secure the ground for international organisations. The main international organisation that was involved was the Western European Union's multinational Albanian Police element, which worked with the government to restructure the judicial system and simultaneously the Albanian police.

 Contemporary 

Following the disintegration of the communist system, Albania embarked on an active path towards Westernisation with the ambition to obtain membership in the European Union (EU) and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). A notable milestone was reached in 2009 when the country attained membership in NATO, marking a pioneering achievement among the nations of Southeast Europe. In adherence to its vision for further integration into the EU, it formally applied for membership on 28 April 2009. Another milestone was reached on 24 June 2014, when the country was granted official candidate status.Edi Rama of the Socialist Party won both the 2013 and 2017 parliamentary elections. As Prime Minister, he implemented numerous reforms focused on modernising the economy, as well as democratising state institutions, including the country's judiciary and law enforcement. Unemployment has been steadily reduced, with Albania achieving the 4th lowest unemployment rate in the Balkans. Rama has also placed gender equality at the centre of his agenda; since 2017 almost 50% of the ministers are female, the largest number of women serving in the country's history. During the 2021 parliamentary elections, the ruling Socialist Party led by Edi Rama secured its third consecutive victory, winning nearly half of votes and enough seats in parliament to govern alone.On 26 November 2019, a 6.4 magnitude earthquake ravaged Albania with the epicentre positioned approximately 16 km (10 mi) southwest of the town of Mamurras. The tremor was felt in Tirana and in places as far away as Taranto, Italy, and Belgrade, Serbia, while the most affected areas were the coastal city of Durrës and the village of Kodër-Thumanë. Comprehensive response to the earthquake included substantial humanitarian aid from the Albanian diaspora and various countries around the world.On 9 March 2020, COVID-19 was confirmed to have spread to Albania. From March to June 2020, the government declared a state of emergency as a measure to limit the rapid spread of the pandemic in the country. The country's COVID-19 vaccination campaign started on 11 January 2021; however, as of 11 August 2021, the total number of vaccines administered so far in Albania amounts to 1,280,239 doses.

 Environment 

 Geography 

With an area of 28,748 km2 (11,100 sq mi), Albania is situated along the Mediterranean Sea on the Balkan Peninsula in South and Southeast Europe. The country is bordered by the Adriatic Sea to the west, Montenegro to the northwest, Kosovo to the northeast, North Macedonia to the east, Greece to the south and the Ionian Sea to the southwest. It is positioned between latitudes 42° and 39° N, and longitudes 21° and 19° E. Geographic coordinates include Vërmosh at 42° 35' 34" northern latitude as the northernmost point, Konispol at 39° 40' 0" northern latitude as the southernmost point, Sazan at 19° 16' 50" eastern longitude as the westernmost point and Vërnik at 21° 1' 26" eastern longitude as the easternmost point. Mount Korab, rising at 2,764 m (9,068.24 ft) above the Adriatic, is the highest point, while the Mediterranean Sea, at 0 m (0.00 ft), is the lowest point. The country extends 148 km (92 mi) from east to west and around 340 km (211 mi) from north to south.
Albania possesses a diverse and varied landscape with mountains and hills that traverse its territory in various directions. The country is home to extensive mountain ranges, including the Albanian Alps in the north, the Korab Mountains in the east, the Pindus Mountains in the southeast, the Ceraunian Mountains in the southwest and the Skanderbeg Mountains in the centre. In the northwest, the country boasts the remarkable Lake of Shkodër, recognised as the largest lake in Southern Europe. Towards the southeast, the Lake of Ohrid emerges, renowned as one of the world's oldest continuously existing lakes. Further to the south, the expanse includes the Large and Small Lake of Prespa, distinguished as some of the highest positioned lakes in the Balkans. Rivers rise mostly in the east of Albania and discharge into the Adriatic Sea but as well as into the Ionian Sea to a lesser extent. The longest river in the country, measured from its mouth to its source, is the Drin that starts at the confluence of its two headwaters, the Black and White Drin. Of particular concern is the Vjosë, which represents one of the last intact large river systems in Europe.

 Climate 

The climate of Albania exhibits a distinguished level of variability and diversity due to the differences in latitude, longitude and altitude. Albania experiences a Mediterranean and Continental climate, characterised by the presence of four distinct seasons. According to the Köppen classification, Albania encompasses five primary climatic types, spanning from Mediterranean and subtropical in the western half to oceanic, continental and subarctic in the eastern half of the country. The coastal regions along the Adriatic and Ionian Seas in Albania are acknowledged as the warmest areas, while the northern and eastern regions encompassing the Albanian Alps and the Korab Mountains are recognised as the coldest areas in the country. Throughout the year, the average monthly temperatures fluctuate, ranging from −1 °C (30 °F) during the winter months to 21.8 °C (71.2 °F) in the summer months. Notably, the highest recorded temperature of 43.9 °C (111.0 °F) was observed in Kuçovë on 18 July 1973, while the lowest temperature of −29 °C (−20 °F) was recorded in Shtyllë, Librazhd on 9 January 2017.Albania receives most of the precipitation in winter months and less in summer months. The average precipitation is about 1,485 millimetres (58.5 inches). The mean annual precipitation ranges between 600 millimetres (24 inches) and 3,000 millimetres (120 inches) depending on geographical location. The northwestern and southeastern highlands receive the intenser amount of precipitation, whilst the northeastern and southwestern highlands as well as the Western Lowlands the more limited amount. The Albanian Alps in the far north of the country are considered to be among the most humid regions of Europe, receiving at least 3,100 mm (122.0 in) of rain annually. Four glaciers within these mountains were discovered at a relatively low altitude of 2,000 metres (6,600 ft), which is extremely rare for such a southerly latitude.

 Biodiversity 

A biodiversity hotspot, Albania possesses an exceptionally rich and contrasting biodiversity on account of its geographical location at the centre of the Mediterranean Sea and the great diversity in its climatic, geological and hydrological conditions. Because of remoteness, the mountains and hills of Albania are endowed with forests, trees and grasses that are essential to the lives for a wide variety of animals, among others for two of the most endangered species of the country, the lynx and brown bear, as well as the wildcat, grey wolf, red fox, golden jackal, Egyptian vulture and golden eagle, the latter constituting the national animal of the country.The estuaries, wetlands and lakes are extraordinarily important for the greater flamingo, pygmy cormorant and the extremely rare and perhaps the most iconic bird of the country, the dalmatian pelican. Of particular importance are the Mediterranean monk seal, loggerhead sea turtle and green sea turtle that use to nest on the country's coastal waters and shores.
In terms of phytogeography, Albania is part of the Boreal Kingdom and stretches specifically within the Illyrian province of the Circumboreal and Mediterranean Region. Its territory can be subdivided into four terrestrial ecoregions of the Palearctic realm namely within the Illyrian deciduous forests, Balkan mixed forests, Pindus Mountains mixed forests and Dinaric Mountains mixed forests.Approximately 3,500 different species of plants can be found in Albania which refers principally to a Mediterranean and Eurasian character. The country maintains a vibrant tradition of herbal and medicinal practices. At the minimum 300 plants growing locally are used in the preparation of herbs and medicines. The trees within the forests are primarily fir, oak, beech and pine.

 Conservation 
Albania has been an active participant in numerous international agreements and conventions aimed at strengthing its commitment to the preservation and sustainable management of biological diversity. Since 1994, the country is a party to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) and its associated Cartagena and Nagoya Protocols. To uphold these commitments, it has developed and implemented a comprehensive National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan (NBSAP). Furthermore, Albania has established a partnership with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), advancing its conservation efforts on both national and international scales. Guided by the IUCN, the country has made substantial progress in the foundation of protected areas within its boundaries, encompassing 12 national parks among others Butrint, Karaburun-Sazan, Llogara, Prespa and Vjosa.As a signatory to the Ramsar Convention, Albania has granted special recognition upon four wetlands, designating them as Wetlands of International Importance, including Buna-Shkodër, Butrint, Karavasta and Prespa. The country's dedication to protection extends further into the sphere of UNESCO's World Network of Biosphere Reserves, operating within the framework of the Man and the Biosphere Programme, evidenced by its engagement in the Ohrid-Prespa Transboundary Biosphere Reserve. Furthermore, Albania is host to two natural World Heritage Sites, which encompass the Ohrid region and both the Gashi River and Rrajca as part of Ancient and Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and Other Regions of Europe.

 Protected areas 

The protected areas of Albania are areas designated and managed by the Albanian government. There are 12 national parks, 4 ramsar sites, 1 biosphere reserve and 786 other types of conservation reserves in Albania. Located in the north, the Albanian Alps National Park, comprising the former Theth National Park and Valbonë Valley National Park, is surrounded amidst the towering peaks of the Albanian Alps. In the east, portions of the rugged Korab, Nemërçka and Shebenik Mountains are conserved within the boundaries of Fir of Hotovë-Dangëlli National Park, Shebenik National Park and Prespa National Park, with the latter encompassing Albania's share of the Great and Small Lakes of Prespa.
To the south, the Ceraunian Mountains define the Albanian Ionian Sea Coast, shaping the landscape of Llogara National Park, which extends into the Karaburun Peninsula, forming the Karaburun-Sazan Marine Park. Further southward lies Butrint National Park, occupying a peninsula surrounded by the Lake of Butrint and the Channel of Vivari. In the west, stretching along the Albanian Adriatic Sea Coast, the Divjakë-Karavasta National Park boasts the extensive Lagoon of Karavasta, one of the largest lagoon systems in the Mediterranean Sea. Notably, Europe's first wild river national park, Vjosa National Park, safeguards the Vjosa River and its primary tributaries, which originates in the Pindus Mountains and flows to the Adriatic Sea. Dajti Mountain National Park, Lurë-Dejë Mountain National Park and Tomorr Mountain National Park protect the mountainous terrain of the center of Albania, including the Tomorr and Skanderbeg Mountains.

 Environmental issues 

Environmental issues in Albania notably encompass air and water pollution, climate change impacts, waste management shortcomings, biodiversity loss and imperative for nature conservation. Climate change is predicted to exert significant impacts on the quality of life in Albania. The country is recognised as vulnerable to climate change impacts, ranked 79 among 181 countries in the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index of 2020. Factors that account for the country's vulnerability to climate change risks include geological and hydrological hazards, including earthquakes, flooding, fires, landslides, torrential rains, river and coastal erosion.As a party to the Kyoto Protocol and the Paris Agreement, Albania is committed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 45% and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 which, along with national policies, will help to mitigate the impacts of the climate change. The country has a moderate and improving performance in the Environmental Performance Index with an overall ranking of 62 out of 180 countries in 2022.
Albania's ranking has, however, decreased since its highest placement at position 15 in the Environmental Performance Index of 2012. In 2019, Albania had a Forest Landscape Integrity Index mean score of 6.77 from 10, ranking it 64th globally out of 172 countries.

 Politics 

Since declaring independence in 1912, Albania has experienced a significant political transformation, traversing through distinct periods that included a monarchical rule, a communist regime and the eventual establishment of a democratic order. In 1998, Albania transitioned into a sovereign parliamentary constitutional republic, marking a fundamental milestone in its political evolution. Its governance structure operates under a constitution that serves as the principal document of the country. The constitution is grounded in the principle of the separation of powers, with three arms of government that encompass the legislative embodied in the Parliament, the executive led by the President as the ceremonial head of state and the Prime Minister as the functional head of government, and the judiciary with a hierarchy of courts, including the constitutional and supreme courts as well as multiple appeal and administrative courts.Albania's legal system is structured to protect the political rights of its people, regardless of their ethnic, linguistic, racial or religious affiliations. Despite these principles, there are significant human rights concerns in Albania that demand attention. These concerns include issues related to the independence of the judiciary, the absence of a free media sector and the enduring problem of corruption within various governmental bodies, law enforcement agencies and other institutions. However, as Albania pursues its path towards European Union (EU) membership, active efforts are being made to achieve substantial improvements in these areas to align with EU criteria and standards.

 Foreign relations 

Emerging from decades of isolation during the communism, Albania has adopted a foreign policy orientation centered on active cooperation and engagement in international affairs. At the core of Albania's foreign policies lie a set of objectives, which encompass the commitment to protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, the cultivation of diplomatic ties with other countries, advocating for international recognition of Kosovo, addressing the concerns related to the expulsion of Cham Albanians, pursuing Euro-Atlantic integration and protecting the rights of the Albanians in Kosovo, Greece, Italy, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Serbia and the diaspora.The external affairs of Albania underscore the country's dedication to regional stability and integration into major international institutions. Albania became a member of the United Nations (UN) in 1955, shortly after emerging from a period of isolation during the communist era. The country reached a major achievement in its foreign policy by securing membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 2009. Since obtaining candidate status in 2014, the country has also embarked on a comprehensive reform agenda to align itself with European Union (EU) accession standards, with the objective of becoming an EU member state.Albania and Kosovo maintain a fraternal relationship strengthened by their substantial cultural, ethnical and historical ties. Both countries foster enduring diplomatic ties, with Albania actively supporting Kosovo's development and international integration efforts. Its fundamental contribution to Kosovo's path to independence is underscored by its early recognition of Kosovo's sovereignty in 2008. Furthermore, both governments hold annual joint meetings, displayed by the inaugural meeting in 2014, which serves as an official platform to enhance bilateral cooperation and reinforce their joint commitment to policies that promote the stability and prosperity of the broader Albanian region.

 Military 

The Albanian Armed Forces consist of Land, Air and Naval Forces and constitute the military and paramilitary forces of the country. They are led by a commander-in-chief under the supervision of the Ministry of Defence and by the President as the supreme commander during wartime. However, in times of peace its powers are executed through the Prime Minister and the Defence Minister.The chief purpose of the armed forces of Albania is the defence of the independence, the sovereignty and the territorial integrity of the country, as well as the participation in humanitarian, combat, non-combat and peace support operations. Military service is voluntary since 2010 with the age of 19 being the legal minimum age for the duty.Albania has committed to increase the participations in multinational operations. Since the fall of communism, the country has participated in six international missions but only one United Nations mission in Georgia, where it sent three military observers. Since February 2008, Albania has participated officially in NATO's Operation Active Endeavor in the Mediterranean Sea. It was invited to join NATO on 3 April 2008, and it became a full member on 2 April 2009.Albania reduced the number of active troops from 65,000 in 1988 to 14,500 in 2009. The military now consists mainly of a small fleet of aircraft and sea vessels. Increasing the military budget was one of the most important conditions for NATO integration. As of 1996 military spending was an estimated 1.5% of the country's GDP, only to peak in 2009 at 2% and fall again to 1.5%.

 Administrative divisions 

Albania is defined within a territorial area of 28,748 km2 (11,100 sq mi) in the Balkan Peninsula. It is informally divided into three regions, the Northern, Central and Southern Regions. Since its Declaration of Independence in 1912, Albania has reformed its internal organization 21 times. Presently, the primary administrative units are the twelve constituent counties (qarqe/qarqet), which hold equal status under the law. Counties had previously been used in the 1950s and were recreated on 31 July 2000 to unify the 36 districts (rrathë/rrathët) of that time. The largest county in Albania by population is Tirana County with over 800,000 people. The smallest county, by population, is Gjirokastër County with over 70,000 people. The largest in the county, by area, is Korçë County encompassing 3,711 square kilometres (1,433 sq mi) of the southeast of Albania. The smallest county, by area, is Durrës County with an area of 766 square kilometres (296 sq mi) in the west of Albania.
The counties are made up of 61 second-level divisions known as municipalities (bashki/bashkia). The municipalities are the first level of local governance, responsible for local needs and law enforcement. They unified and simplified the previous system of urban and rural municipalities or communes (komuna/komunat) in 2015. For smaller issues of local government, the municipalities are organized into 373 administrative units (njësia/njësitë administrative). There are also 2980 villages (fshatra/fshatrat), neighborhoods or wards (lagje/lagjet), and localities (lokalitete/lokalitetet) previously used as administrative units.

 Economy 

The transition from a socialist planned economy to a capitalist mixed economy in Albania has been largely successful. The country has a developing mixed economy classified by the World Bank as an upper-middle income economy. In 2016, it had the fourth lowest unemployment rate in the Balkans with an estimated value of 14.7%. Its largest trading partners are Italy, Greece, China, Spain, Kosovo and the United States. The lek (ALL) is the country's currency and is pegged at approximately 132.51 lek per euro.
The cities of Tirana and Durrës constitute the economic and financial heart of Albania due to their high population, modern infrastructure and strategic geographical location. The country's most important infrastructure facilities take course through both of the cities, connecting the north to the south as well as the west to the east. Among the largest companies are the petroleum Taçi Oil, Albpetrol, ARMO and Kastrati, the mineral AlbChrome, the cement Antea, the investment BALFIN Group and the technology Albtelecom, Vodafone, Telekom Albania and others.
In 2012, Albania's GDP per capita stood at 30% of the European Union average, while GDP (PPP) per capita was 35%. Albania was one of three countries in Europe to record an economic growth in the first quarter of 2010 after the global financial crisis. The International Monetary Fund predicted 2.6% growth for Albania in 2010 and 3.2% in 2011. According to Forbes, as of December 2016, the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) was growing at 2.8%. The country had a trade balance of −9.7% and unemployment rate of 14.7%. Foreign direct investment has increased significantly in recent years as the government has embarked on an ambitious programme to improve the business climate through fiscal and legislative reforms.

 Primary sector 

Agriculture in the country is based on small to medium-sized family-owned dispersed units. It remains a significant sector of the economy of Albania. It employs 41% of the population, and about 24.31% of the land is used for agricultural purposes. One of the earliest farming sites in Europe has been found in the southeast of the country. As part of the pre-accession process of Albania to the European Union, farmers are being aided through IPA funds to improve Albanian agriculture standards.Albania produces significant amounts of fruits (apples, olives, grapes, oranges, lemons, apricots, peaches, cherries, figs, sour cherries, plums, and strawberries), vegetables (potatoes, tomatoes, maize, onions, and wheat), sugar beets, tobacco, meat, honey, dairy products, traditional medicine and aromatic plants. Further, the country is a worldwide significant producer of salvia, rosemary and yellow gentian. The country's proximity to the Ionian Sea and the Adriatic Sea give the underdeveloped fishing industry great potential. The World Bank and European Community economists report that, Albania's fishing industry has good potential to generate export earnings because prices in the nearby Greek and Italian markets are many times higher than those in the Albanian market. The fish available off the coasts of the country are carp, trout, sea bream, mussels and crustaceans.
Albania has one of Europe's longest histories of viticulture. Today's region was one of the few places where vine was naturally grown during the ice age. The oldest found seeds in the region are 4,000 to 6,000 years old. In 2009, the nation produced an estimated 17,500 tonnes of wine.

 Secondary sector 

The secondary sector of Albania has undergone many changes and diversification since the collapse of the communist regime in the country. It is very diversified, from electronics, manufacturing, textiles, to food, cement, mining, and energy. The Antea Cement plant in Fushë-Krujë is considered one of the largest industrial greenfield investments in the country. Albanian oil and gas represents of the most promising, albeit strictly regulated, sectors of its economy. Albania has the second largest oil deposits in the Balkan peninsula after Romania, and the largest oil reserves in Europe. The Albpetrol company is owned by the Albanian state and monitors the state petroleum agreements in the country. The textile industry has seen an extensive expansion by approaching companies from the European Union (EU) in Albania. According to the Institute of Statistics (INSTAT) as of 2016, the textile production marked an annual growth of 5.3% and an annual turnover of around 1.5 billion euros.Albania is a significant minerals producer and is ranked among the world's leading chromium producers and exporters. The nation is also a notable producer of copper, nickel and coal. The Batra mine, Bulqizë mine, and Thekna mine are among the most recognised Albanian mines that are still in operation.

 Tertiary sector 

The tertiary sector represents the fastest growing sector of the country's economy. 36% of the population work in the service sector which contributes to 65% of the country's GDP. Ever since the end of the 20th century, the banking industry is a major component of the tertiary sector and remains in good conditions overall due to privatisation and the commendable monetary policy.Previously one of the most isolated and controlled countries in the world, telecommunication industry represents nowadays another major contributor to the sector. It developed largely through privatisation and subsequent investment by both domestic and foreign investors. Eagle, Vodafone and Telekom Albania are the leading telecommunications service providers in the country.
Tourism is recognised as an industry of national importance and has been steadily increasing since the beginnings of the 21st century. It directly accounted for 8.4% of GDP in 2016 though including indirect contributions pushes the proportion to 26%. In the same year, the country received approximately 4.74 million visitors mostly from across Europe and the United States as well.The increase of foreign visitors has been dramatic. Albania had only 500,000 visitors in 2005, while in 2012 had an estimated 4.2 million, an increase of 740 percent in only 7 years. In 2015, tourism in summer increased by 25 percent in contrast the previous year according to the country's tourism agency. In 2011, Lonely Planet named as a top travel destination, while The New York Times placed Albania as number 4 global touristic destination in 2014.The bulk of the tourist industry is concentrated along the Adriatic and Ionian Sea in the west of the country. However, the Albanian Riviera in the southwest has the most scenic and pristine beaches; its coastline has a considerable length of 446 kilometres (277 miles). The coast has a particular character because it is rich in varieties of virgin beaches, capes, coves, covered bays, lagoons, small gravel beaches, sea caves and many landforms. Some parts of this seaside are very clean ecologically, which represent in this prospective unexplored areas, which are very rare within the Mediterranean. Other attractions include the mountainous areas such as the Albanian Alps, Ceraunian Mountains and Korab Mountains but also the historical cities of Berat, Durrës, Gjirokastër, Sarandë, Shkodër and Korçë.

 Transport 

 Transportation in Albania is managed within the functions of the Ministry of Infrastructure and Energy and entities such as the Albanian Road Authority (ARRSH), responsible for the construction and maintenance of the highways and motorways in Albania, as well as the Albanian Aviation Authority (AAC), with the responsibility of coordinating civil aviation and airports in the country.
The international airport of Tirana is the premier air gateway to the country, and is also the principal hub for Albania's national flag carrier airline, Air Albania. The airport carried more than 3.3 million passengers in 2019 with connections to many destinations in other countries around Europe, Africa and Asia. The country plans to progressively increase the number of airports especially in the south with possible locations in Sarandë, Gjirokastër and Vlorë.The highways and motorways in Albania are properly maintained and often still under construction and renovation. The Autostrada 1 (A1) represents an integral transportation corridor in Albania and the longest motorway of the country. It will prospectively link Durrës on the Adriatic Sea across Pristina in Kosovo with the Pan-European Corridor X in Serbia. The Autostrada 2 (A2) is part of the Adriatic–Ionian Corridor as well as the Pan-European Corridor VIII and connects Fier with Vlorë. The Autostrada 3 (A3) is currently under construction and will connect, after its completion, Tirana and Elbasan with the Pan-European Corridor VIII. When all three corridors are completed, Albania will have an estimated 759 kilometres (472 mi) of highway linking it with all of its neighbouring countries.
Durrës is the busiest and largest seaport in the country, followed by Vlorë, Shëngjin and Sarandë. As of 2014, it is as one of the largest passenger ports on the Adriatic Sea with annual passenger volume of approximately 1.5 million. The principal ports serve a system of ferries connecting Albania with numerous islands and coastal cities in Croatia, Greece and Italy.
The rail network is administered by the national railway company Hekurudha Shqiptare which was extensively promoted by the dictator Enver Hoxha. There has been a considerable increase in private car ownership and bus usage while rail use decreased since the end of communism. However, a new railway line from Tirana and its airport to Durrës is currently planned. The specific location of this railway, connecting the most populated urban areas in Albania, makes it an important economic development project.

 Infrastructure 

 Education 

In the country, education is secular, free, compulsory and based on three levels of education segmented in primary, secondary and tertiary education. The academic year is apportioned into two semesters beginning in September or October, and ending in June or July. Albanian serves as the primary language of instruction in all academic institutions across the country. The study of a first foreign language is mandatory and taught most often at elementary and bilingual schools. The languages taught in schools are English, Italian, French and German. The country has a school life expectancy of 16 years and a literacy rate of 98.7%, with 99.2% for males and 98.3% for females.Compulsory primary education is divided into two levels, elementary and secondary school, from grade one to five and six to nine, respectively. Pupils are required to attend school from the age of six until they turn 16. Upon successful completion of primary education, all pupils are entitled to attend high schools with specialising in any particular field including arts, sports, languages, sciences or technology.The country's tertiary education, an optional stage of formal learning following secondary education, has undergone a thorough reformation and restructuring in compliance with the principles of the Bologna Process. There is a significant number of private and public institutions of higher education well dispersed in the major cities of Albania. Studies in tertiary education are organised at three successive levels which include the bachelor, master and doctorate.

 Health 

The constitution of Albania guarantees equal, free and universal health care for all its citizens. The health care system of the country is currently organised in three levels, among others primary, secondary and tertiary healthcare, and is in a process of modernisation and development. The life expectancy at birth in Albania is at 77.8 years and ranks 37th in the world outperforming several developed countries. The average healthy life expectancy is at 68.8 years and ranks as well 37th in the world. The country's infant mortality rate is estimated at 12 per 1,000 live births in 2015. In 2000, the country had the 55th best healthcare performance in the world, as defined by the World Health Organization.Cardiovascular disease remain the principal cause of death in the country accounting 52% of total deaths. Accidents, injuries, malignant and respiratory diseases are other primary causes of death. Neuropsychiatric disease has also increased due to recent demographic, social and economic changes in the country.In 2009, the country had a fruit and vegetable supply of 886 grams per capita per day, the fifth highest supply in Europe. In comparison to other developed and developing countries, Albania has a relatively low rate of obesity probably thanks to the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet. According to World Health Organization data from 2016, 21.7% of adults in the country are clinically overweight, with a Body mass index (BMI) score of 25 or more.

 Energy 

Due to its geographical location and natural resources, Albania has a wide variety of energy resources ranging from gas, oil and coal, to wind, solar and water as well as other renewable sources. According to the 2023 Energy Transition Index (ETI) published by the World Economic Forum, the country was ranked at position number 21 globally highlighting the notable progress in its energy transition agenda. Currently, the electricity generation sector of Albania is dependent on hydroelectricity simultaneously ranking fifth in the world in percentage terms. The Drin, located in the north, hosts four hydroelectric power stations, including Fierza, Koman, Skavica and Vau i Dejës. Two other power stations, such as the Banjë and Moglicë, are located along the Devoll in the south.Albania has considerable deposits of oil. It has the 10th largest oil reserves in Europe and the 58th in the world. The country's main petroleum deposits are located around the Albanian Adriatic Sea Coast and Myzeqe Plain within the Western Lowlands, where the country's largest reserve is located. Patos-Marinza, also located within the area, is the largest onshore oil field in Europe. The Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP), part of the planned Southern Gas Corridor, runs for 215 kilometres (134 miles) across Albania's territory before entering the Albanian Adriatic Sea Coast approximately 17 kilometres (11 miles) northwest of Fier.The water resources of Albania are particularly abundant in all the regions of the country and comprise lakes, rivers, springs and groundwater aquifers. The country's available average quantity of fresh water is estimated at 129.7 cubic metres (4,580 cubic feet) per inhabitant per year, which is one of the highest rates in Europe. According to the data presented by the Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation (JMP) in 2015, about 93% of the country's total population had access to improved sanitation.

 Media 

The freedom of press and speech, and the right to free expression is guaranteed in the constitution of Albania. Albania was ranked 84th on the Press Freedom Index of 2020 compiled by the Reporters Without Borders, with its score steadily declining since 2003. Nevertheless, in the 2020 report of Freedom in the World, the Freedom House classified the freedoms of press and speech in Albania as partly free from political interference and manipulation.Radio Televizioni Shqiptar (RTSH) is the national broadcaster corporation of Albania operating numerous television and radio stations in the country. The three major private broadcaster corporations are Top Channel, Televizioni Klan and Vizion Plus whose content are distributed throughout Albania and beyond its territory in Kosovo and other Albanian-speaking territories.Albanian cinema has its roots in the 20th century and developed after the country's declaration of independence. The first movie theater exclusively devoted to showing motion pictures was built in 1912 in Shkodër. During the Peoples Republic of Albania, Albanian cinema developed rapidly with the inauguration of the Kinostudio Shqipëria e Re in Tirana. In 1953, the Albanian-Soviet epic film, the Great Warrior Skanderbeg, was released chronicling the life and fight of the medieval Albanian hero Skanderbeg. It went on to win the international prize at the 1954 Cannes Film Festival. In 2003, the Tirana International Film Festival was established, the largest film festival in the country. The Durrës Amphitheatre is host to the Durrës International Film Festival, the second largest film festival.

 Technology 

After the fall of communism in 1991, human resources in sciences and technology in Albania have drastically decreased. As of various reports, during 1991 to 2005 approximately 50% of the professors and scientists of the universities and science institutions in the country have left Albania. In 2009, the government approved the National Strategy for Science, Technology and Innovation in Albania covering the period 2009 to 2015. It aims to triple public spending on research and development to 0.6% of GDP and augment the share of GDE from foreign sources, including the framework programmes for research of the European Union, to the point where it covers 40% of research spending, among others. Albania was ranked 83rd in the Global Innovation Index in 2023.Telecommunication represents one of the fastest growing and dynamic sectors in Albania. Vodafone Albania, Telekom Albania and Albtelecom are the three large providers of mobile and internet in Albania. As of the Electronic and Postal Communications Authority (AKEP) in 2018, the country had approximately 2.7 million active mobile users with almost 1.8 million active broadband subscribers. Vodafone Albania alone served more than 931,000 mobile users, Telekom Albania had about 605,000 users and Albtelecom had more than 272,000 users. In January 2023, Albania launched its first two satellites, Albania 1 and Albania 2, into orbit, in what was regarded as a milestone effort in monitoring the country's territory and identifying illegal activities. Albanian-American engineer Mira Murati, the Chief Technology Officer of research organization OpenAI, played a substantial role in the development and launch of artificial intelligence services such as ChatGPT, Codex and DALL-E. In December 2023, Prime Minister Edi Rama announced plans for collaboration between the Albanian government and ChatGPT, facilitated by discussions with Murati. Rama emphasised the intention to streamline the alignment of Albanian laws with the regulations of the European Union, aiming to reduce costs associated with translation and legal services.

 Demography 

As defined by the Institute of Statistics (INSTAT), the population of Albania was estimated in 2020 at 2,845,955. The country's total fertility rate of 1.51 children born per woman is one of the lowest in the world. Its population density stands at 259 inhabitants per square kilometre. The overall life expectancy at birth is 78.5 years; 75.8 years for males and 81.4 years for females. The country is the 8th most populous country in the Balkans and ranks as the 137th most populous country in the world. The country's population rose steadily from 2.5 million in 1979 until 1989, when it peaked at 3.1 million. Since then, the population has continually decreased every year. It is forecast that the population will continue shrinking for the next decade at least, depending on the actual birth rate and the level of net migration. In 2022, over 46,000 people migrated out of Albania, a 10% increase over the previous year.The explanation for the recent population decrease is the fall of communism in Albania in the late twentieth century. That period was marked by economic mass emigration from Albania to Greece, Italy and the United States. The migration affected the country's internal population distribution. It decreased particularly in the north and south, while it increased in the centre within the cities of Tirana and Durrës. Migration abroad has continued in recent years, particularly of the young and educated. As much as a third of those born in the country's borders now live outside of it, making Albania one of the countries with the highest rate of outmigration relative to its population in the world. In 2022 the birth rate was 20% lower than in 2021, largely due to emigration of people of childbearing age.About 53.4% of the country's population lives in cities. The three largest counties by population account for half of the total population. Almost 30% of the total population is found in Tirana County followed by Fier County with 11% and Durrës County with 10%. Over one million people are concentrated in Tirana and Durrës, making it the largest urban area in Albania. Tirana is one of largest cities in the Balkan Peninsula and ranks seventh with a population about 400,000.

 Minorities 

Albania recognises nine national or cultural minorities: Aromanian, Greek, Macedonian, Montenegrin, Serb, Roma, Egyptian, Bosnian and Bulgarian peoples. Other Albanian minorities are the Gorani people and Jews. Contrary to official statistics that show an over 97 per cent Albanian majority in the country, minority groups (such as Greeks, Macedonians, Montenegrins, Roma and Aromanians) have frequently disputed the official numbers, asserting a higher percentage of the country's population. According to the disputed 2011 census, ethnic affiliation was as follows: Albanians 2,312,356 (82.6% of the total), Greeks 24,243 (0.9%), Macedonians 5,512 (0.2%), Montenegrins 366 (0.01%), Aromanians 8,266 (0.30%), Romani 8,301 (0.3%), Balkan Egyptians 3,368 (0.1%), other ethnicities 2,644 (0.1%), no declared ethnicity 390,938 (14.0%), and not relevant 44,144 (1.6%). On the quality of the specific data the Advisory Committee on the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities stated that "the results of the census should be viewed with the utmost caution and calls on the authorities not to rely exclusively on the data on nationality collected during the census in determining its policy on the protection of national minorities".Regarding the Greeks, estimates vary between 60,000 and 300,000 ethnic Greeks in Albania. According to Ian Jeffries, most Western sources put the number at around 200,000. The 300,000 mark is supported by Greek government as well. The CIA World Factbook estimates the Greek minority to constitute 0.9% of the population. The US State Department estimates that Greeks make up 1.17%, and other minorities 0.23%, of the population. The latter questions the validity of the census data about the Greek minority, as measurements have been affected by boycott.

 Language 

The official language of the country is Albanian which is spoken by the vast majority of the country's population. Its standard spoken and written form is revised and merged from the two main dialects, Gheg and Tosk, though it is notably based more on the Tosk dialect. The Shkumbin river is the rough dividing line between the two dialects. Among minority languages, Greek is the second most-spoken language in the country, with 0.5 to 3% of the population speaking it as first language, mainly in  the country's south where its speakers are concentrated. Other languages spoken by ethnic minorities in Albania include Aromanian, Serbian, Macedonian, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Gorani, and Roma. Macedonian is official in the Pustec Municipality in East Albania. According to the 2011 population census, 2,765,610 or 98.8% of the population declared Albanian as their mother tongue. Because of large migration flows from Albania, over half of Albanians during their life learn a second language. The main foreign language known is English with 40.0%, followed by Italian with 27.8% and Greek with 22.9%. The English speakers were mostly young people, the knowledge of Italian is stable in every age group, while there is a decrease of the speakers of Greek in the youngest group.Among young people aged 25 or less, English, German and Turkish have seen rising interest after 2000. Italian and French have had a stable interest, while Greek has lost much of its previous interest. The trends are linked with cultural and economic factors.Young people have shown a growing interest in the German language in recent years. Some of them go to Germany for studying or various experiences. Albania and Germany have agreements for cooperating in helping young people of the two countries know both cultures better. Due to a sharp rise in economic relations with Turkey, interest in learning Turkish, in particular among young people, has been growing on a yearly basis.

 Religion 

Albania is a secular and religiously diverse country with no official religion and thus, freedom of religion, belief and conscience are guaranteed under the country's constitution. As of the 2011 census, there were 1,587,608 (56.7%) Sunni Muslims, 280,921 (10.03%) Catholics, 188,992 (6.75%) Eastern Orthodox, 58,628 (2.09%) Bektashi Muslims, 3,797 (0.14%) Evangelicals, 1,919 (0.07%) other Christians, 602 (0.02%) of other religions and 153,630 (5.49%) believers without denomination in Albania. 69,995 people (2.5%) were irreligious while 386,024 (13.79%) did not declare their religion. Albania is nevertheless ranked among the least religious countries in the world. Religion constitute an important role in the lives of only 39% of the country's population. In another report, 56% considered themselves religious, 30% considered themselves non-religious, while 9% defined themselves as convinced atheists. 80% believed in God.The preliminary results of the 2011 census seemed to give widely different results, with 70% of respondents refusing to declare belief in any of the listed faiths. The Albanian Orthodox Church officially refused to recognize the results, claiming that 24% of the total population adhered to its faith. Some Muslim Community officials expressed unhappiness with the data claiming that many Muslims were not counted and that the number of adherents numbered some 70% of the Albanian population. The Albanian Catholic Bishops Conference also cast doubts on the census, complaining that many of its believers were not contacted. The Muslim Albanians are spread throughout the country. Orthodox and Bektashis are mostly found in the south, whereas Catholics mainly live in the north. In 2008, there were 694 Catholic churches and 425 orthodox churches, 568 mosques and 70 bektashi tekkes in the country.
During modern times, the Albanian republican, monarchic and later communist regimes followed a systematic policy of separating religion from official functions and cultural life. The country has never had an official religion either as a republic or as a kingdom. In the 20th century, the clergy of all faiths was weakened under the monarchy and ultimately eradicated during the 1950s and 1960s, under the state policy of obliterating all organised religion from the territories of Albania. The communist regime persecuted and suppressed religious observance and institutions and entirely banned religion. The country was then officially declared to be the world's first atheist state. Religious freedom has returned, however, since the end of communism.
Islam survived communist era persecution and reemerged in the modern era as a practised religion in Albania. Some smaller Christian sects in Albania include Evangelicals and several Protestant communities including Seventh-day Adventist Church, Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and Jehovah's Witnesses. The first recorded Protestant of Albania was Said Toptani, who travelled around Europe and returned to Tirana in 1853, where he preached Protestantism. The first evangelical Protestants appeared in the 19th century and the Evangelical Alliance was founded in 1892. Nowadays, it has 160 member congregations from different Protestant denominations. Following mass emigration to Israel after the fall of communism, there are only 200 Albanian Jews left in the country.

 Culture 

 Symbols 

The red and black national colours are displayed on the flag of Albania that is adorned with a double-headed eagle as the foremost recognised national symbol of Albania. With the black eagle portraying bravery and strength, the red field symbolises the fortitude and sacrifices of the Albanian people. The eagle is linked with the legacy of the national hero Gjergj Kastrioti, renowned as Skanderbeg, who led a prosperous resistance movement against Ottoman rule. Rooted in the Middle Ages, it emerged as a heraldic symbol in the Principality of Arbër and among notable Albanian dynasties such as the Dukagjini, Kastrioti, Muzaka and Thopia clans. Amid the Albanian Renaissance, marking the resurgence of Albanian national identity and aspirations for independence, the Albanian eagle regained its prominence. Its importance reached its culmination with Albania's declaration of independence in 1912, when Ismail Qemali raised it as the national flag in Vlorë.The coat of arms of Albania is an adaptation of the flag of Albania and the seal of Skanderbeg. The coat comprises the black double-headed eagle positioned at the center of a red field. Above the eagle, it carries the helmet of Skanderbeg that is crowned with the head of a golden horned goat. Ti Shqipëri, më jep nder, më jep emrin Shqipëtar, which translates to "You Albania, give me honor, give me the name Albanian", is the national motto of Albania. It finds its foundation in the legacy of national poet Naim Frashëri, who held a renowned role during the Albanian Renaissance. The national anthem of Albania, "Himni i Flamurit", was composed by Asdreni and adopted as such following Albania's independence in 1912.

 Clothing 

Albanian traditional clothing, with its contrasting variations for the northern Gheg and southern Tosk Albanians, is a testament to Albania's history, cultural diversity and ethnic identity. Gheg men wear a light-colored shirt paired with wide loose-fitting trousers referred to as the Tirq. These trousers are securely fastened by a wide woven belt, the Brez. An integral component of their costume is the Xhamadan, a woolen red velvet vest adorned with folkloric motifs and gold patterns. They also wear a distinctive dome-shaped hat known as the Qeleshe, crafted from wool, with its origins tracing back to the Illyrians. Conversely, Tosk men opt for the Fustanella, a knee-length garment designated as the national costume, typically white with pleats, accompanied by a white shirt. They also wear a beige or dark blue Xhamadan reminiscent of the Gheg attire. To complete their attire, men wear knee-high socks referred to as Çorape and leather shoes known as Opinga.
The attire of Gheg and Tosk women is renowned for its rich palette of colors and intricate filigree detailing, displayed across various components including ear ornaments, finger rings, necklaces, belt buckles and buttons. Key components include a long, light-toned shirt paired with an apron, often accompanied by a woolen or felt mantle referred to as the Xhoka. Additional upper garments, such as the Dollama or Mintan, may be layered, along with a headscarf known as Kapica or Shall. A distinctive variation incorporates a pair of aprons, including the Pështjellak at the rear and the Paranik at the front. Integral to the traditional attire of Gheg women is the ancient Xhubleta. Dedicated efforts have been undertaken to preserve and promote the dress, acknowledging  its significance as an emblem of Albanian heritage. As a testament to its importance, the Xhubleta has been inscribed on the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage List. The distinctive bell-shaped garment is fashioned in black and enriched with embroidered ethnic Albanian motifs, showcasing the remarkable craftsmanship of northern Albania. Its crafting process involves multiple intricate stages, encompassing the preparation of shajak fabric and the precise cutting techniques.

 Art and architecture 

The artistic history of Albania has been particularly influenced by a multitude of ancient and medieval people, traditions and religions. It covers a broad spectrum with mediums and disciplines that include painting, pottery, sculpture, ceramics and architecture all of them exemplifying a great variety in style and shape, in different regions and period.
The rise of the Byzantine and Ottoman Empire in the Middle Ages was accompanied by a corresponding growth in Christian and Islamic art in the lands of Albania which are apparent in examples of architecture and mosaics throughout the country. Centuries later, the Albanian Renaissance proved crucial to the emancipation of the modern Albanian culture and saw unprecedented developments in all fields of literature and art whereas artists sought to return to the ideals of Impressionism and Romanticism. However, Onufri, Kolë Idromeno, David Selenica, Kostandin Shpataraku and the Zografi Brothers are the most eminent representatives of Albanian art.
The architecture of Albania reflects the legacy of various civilisations tracing back to the classical antiquity. Major cities in Albania have evolved from within the castle to include dwellings, religious and commercial structures, with constant redesigning of town squares and evolution of building techniques. Nowadays, the cities and towns reflect a whole spectrum of various architectural styles. In the 20th century, many historical as well as sacred buildings bearing the ancient influence were demolished during the communist era.Ancient architecture is found throughout Albania and most visible in Byllis, Amantia, Phoenice, Apollonia, Butrint, Antigonia, Shkodër and Durrës. Considering the long period of rule of the Byzantine Empire, they introduced castles, citadels, churches and monasteries with spectacular wealth of visible murals and frescos. Perhaps the best known examples can be found in the southern Albanian cities and surroundings of Korçë, Berat, Voskopojë and Gjirokastër. Involving the introduction of Ottoman architecture there was a development of mosques and other Islamic buildings, particularly seen in Berat and Gjirokastër.

A productive period of Historicism, Art Nouveau and Neoclassicism merged into the 19th century, best exemplified in Korçë. The 20th century brought new architectural styles such as the modern Italian style, which is present in Tirana such as the Skanderbeg Square and Ministries. It is also present in Shkodër, Vlorë, Sarandë and Durrës. Moreover, other towns received their present-day Albania-unique appearance through various cultural or economic influences.
Socialist classicism arrived during the communist era in Albania after the Second World War. At this period many socialist-styled complexes, wide roads and factories were constructed, while town squares were redesigned and numerous of historic and important buildings demolished. Notable examples of that style include the Mother Teresa Square, Pyramid of Tirana, Palace of Congresses and so on.
Three Albanian archaeological sites are included in the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. These include the ancient remains of Butrint, the medieval Historic Centres of Berat and Gjirokastër, and Natural and Cultural Heritage of the Ohrid region site shared with North Macedonia since 2019. Furthermore, the royal Illyrian tombs, the remains of Apollonia, the ancient Amphitheatre of Durrës and the Fortress of Bashtovë has been included on the tentative list of Albania.

 Cuisine 

Throughout the centuries, Albanian cuisine has been widely influenced by Albanian culture, geography and history, and as such, different parts of the country enjoy specific regional cuisines. Cooking traditions especially vary between the north and the south, owing to differing topography and climate that essentially contribute to the excellent growth conditions for a wide array of herbs, fruits, and vegetables.Albanians produce and use many varieties of fruits such as lemons, oranges, figs, and most notably, olives, which are perhaps the most important element of Albanian cooking. Spices and other herbs such as basil, lavender, mint, oregano, rosemary, and thyme are widely used, as are vegetables such as garlic, onions, peppers, potatoes, tomatoes, as well as legumes of all types.
With a coastline along the Adriatic and Ionian in the Mediterranean Sea, fish, crustaceans, and seafood are a popular and an integral part of the Albanian diet. Otherwise, lamb is the traditional meat for different holidays and religious festivals for both Christians and Muslims, although poultry, beef, and pork are also in plentiful supply.

Tavë kosi ("soured milk casserole") is the national dish of Albania, consisting of lamb and rice baked under a thick, tart veil of yoghurt. Fërgesë is another national dish, made up of peppers, tomatoes, and cottage cheese. Pite is also popular, a baked pastry with a filling of a mixture of spinach and gjizë (curd) or mish (ground meat).
Petulla, a traditional fried dough, is also a popular speciality, and is served with powdered sugar or feta cheese and different sorts of fruit jams. Flia consists of multiple crêpe-like layers brushed with cream and served with sour cream. Krofne, similar to Berliner doughnuts, are filled with jam, or chocolate and often eaten during winter.
Coffee is an integral part of the Albanian lifestyle. The country has more coffee houses per capita than any other country in the world. Tea is also enjoyed both at home or outside at cafés, bars, or restaurants. Çaj Mali (Sideritis tea) is enormously beloved, and a part of the daily routine for most Albanians. It is cultivated across Southern Albania and noted for its medicinal properties. Black tea is also popular.
Albanian wine is also common throughout the country, and has been cultivated for thousands of years. Albania has a long and ancient history of wine production, and belongs to the Old World of wine producing countries.

 Music 

Albanian folk music is a prominent part of the national identity, and continues to play a major part in overall Albanian music. Folk music can be divided into two stylistic groups, mainly the northern Gheg varieties, and southern Lab and Tosk varieties. Northern and southern traditions are contrasted by a rugged tone from the north, and the more relaxed southern form of music.
Many songs concern events from Albanian history and culture, including traditional themes of honour, hospitality, treachery, and revenge. The first compilation of Albanian folk music was made by two Himariot musicians, Neço Muka and Koço Çakali, in Paris, during their work with Albanian soprano Tefta Tashko-Koço. Several gramophone compilations were recorded at the time by the three artists, which eventually led to the recognition of Albanian iso-polyphony as a UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage.Festivali i Këngës is a traditional Albanian song contest organised by the national broadcaster Radio Televizioni Shqiptar (RTSH). The festival is celebrated annually since its inauguration in 1962 and has launched the careers of some of Albania's most successful singers including Vaçe Zela and Parashqevi Simaku. It is significantly a music competition among Albanian performers presenting unreleased songs in premiere, composed by Albanian authors and voted by juries or by public.
Contemporary artists Rita Ora, Bebe Rexha, Era Istrefi, Dua Lipa, Ava Max, Bleona, Elvana Gjata, Ermonela Jaho, and Inva Mula have achieved international recognition for their music, while soprano Ermonela Jaho has been described by some as the "world's most acclaimed soprano". Albanian opera singer Saimir Pirgu was nominated for the 2017 Grammy Award.

 Literature 
The cultural renaissance was first of all expressed through the development of the Albanian language in the area of church texts and publications. The Protestant reforms invigorated hopes for the development of the local language and literary tradition, when cleric Gjon Buzuku translated the Catholic liturgy into Albanian, trying to do for Albanian what Martin Luther had done for German. Meshari (The Missal) written by Gjon Buzuku was published in 1555 and is considered one of the first literary work of written Albanian during the Middle Ages. The refined level of the language and the stabilised orthography must be the result of an earlier tradition of written Albanian, a tradition that is not well understood. However, there is some fragmented evidence, pre-dating Buzuku, which indicates that Albanian was written from at least the 14th century.

Albanian writings from these centuries must not have been religious texts only, but historical chronicles too. They are mentioned by the humanist Marin Barleti, who in his book Siege of Shkodër (Rrethimi i Shkodrës) from 1504, confirms that he leafed through such chronicles written in the language of the people (in vernacula lingua) as well as his famous biography of Skanderbeg Historia de vita et gestis Scanderbegi Epirotarum principis (History of Skanderbeg) from 1508. The History of Skanderbeg is still the foundation of Skanderbeg studies and is considered an Albanian cultural treasure, vital to the formation of Albanian national self-consciousness.
During the 16th and the 17th centuries, the catechism (E mbësuame krishterë) (Christian Teachings) from 1592 written by Lekë Matrënga, (Doktrina e krishterë) (The Christian Doctrine) from 1618 and (Rituale romanum) 1621 by Pjetër Budi, the first writer of original Albanian prose and poetry, an apology for George Castriot (1636) by Frang Bardhi, who also published a dictionary and folklore creations, the theological-philosophical treaty Cuneus Prophetarum (The Band of Prophets) (1685) by Pjetër Bogdani, the most universal personality of Albanian Middle Ages, were published in Albanian. The most famous Albanian writer in the 20th and 21st century is probably Ismail Kadare.

 Sports 

Albania participated at the Olympic Games in 1972 for the first time. The country made their Winter Olympic Games debut in 2006. Albania missed the next four games, two of them due to the 1980 and 1984 boycotts, but returned for the 1992 games in Barcelona. Since then, Albania have participated in all games. Albania normally competes in events that include swimming, athletics, weightlifting, shooting and wrestling. The country have been represented by the National Olympic Committee of Albania since 1972. The nation has participated at the Mediterranean Games since the games of 1987 in Syria. The Albanian athletes have won a total of 43 (8 gold, 17 silver and 18 bronze) medals from 1987 to 2013.

Popular sports in Albania include football, weightlifting, basketball, volleyball, tennis, swimming, rugby union and gymnastics. Football is by far the most popular sport in Albania. It is governed by the Football Association of Albania (Albanian: Federata Shqiptare e Futbollit, F.SH.F.), which has membership in FIFA and UEFA.
The Albania national football team, ranking 51st in the World in 2017 (highest 22nd on 22 August 2015) have won the 1946 Balkan Cup and the Malta Rothmans International Tournament 2000, but had never participated in any major UEFA or FIFA tournament, until UEFA Euro 2016, Albania's first ever appearance at the continental tournament and at a major men's football tournament. Albania scored their first ever goal in a major tournament and secured their first ever win in European Championship when they beat Romania by 1–0 in a UEFA Euro 2016 match on 19 June 2016. The most successful football clubs are Skënderbeu, KF Tirana, Dinamo Tirana, Partizani and Vllaznia.
Weightlifting is one of the most successful individual sport for the Albanians, with the national team winning medals at the European Weightlifting Championships and the rest international competitions. Albanian weightlifters have won a total of 16 medals at the European Championships with 1 of them being gold, 7 silver and 8 bronze. In the World Weightlifting Championships, the Albanian weightlifting team has won in 1972 a gold in 2002 a silver and in 2011 a bronze medal.

 Diaspora 

Historically, the Albanian people have established several communities in many regions throughout Southern Europe. The Albanian diaspora has been formed since the late Middle Ages, when they emigrated to places such as Italy, especially in Sicily and Calabria, and Greece to escape either various socio-political difficulties or the Ottoman conquest of Albania. Following the fall of communism, large numbers of Albanians have migrated to countries such as Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Scandinavia, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. Albanian minorities are present in the neighbouring territories such as the west of North Macedonia, the east of Montenegro, Kosovo in its entirety and southern Serbia. In Kosovo, Albanians are the largest ethnic group in the country. Altogether, the number of ethnic Albanians living abroad is estimated to be higher than the total population inside Albania.

 See also 
Outline of Albania
Bibliography of Albania

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 

 External links 
 Wikimedia Atlas of Albania

albania.al – (in English)
president.al – (in Albanian)
kryeministria.al – (in Albanian)
parlament.al Archived 5 December 2021 at the Wayback Machine – (in Albanian)
Albania at The World Factbook by Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)

Air India
Air India is the flag carrier airline of India. It is owned by Air India Limited, a Tata Group enterprise and operates a fleet of Airbus and Boeing aircraft serving 102 domestic and international destinations. It is headquartered in Gurugram. The airline has its main hub at Indira Gandhi International Airport, Delhi and secondary hub at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport, Mumbai alongside several focus cities across India. As of July 2023, the airline is the second-largest airline in India in terms of passengers carried, after IndiGo. Air India became the 27th member of Star Alliance on 11 July 2014.
The airline was founded by J. R. D. Tata as Tata Airlines in 1932; Tata himself flew its first single-engine de Havilland Puss Moth, carrying air mail from Karachi to Bombay's Juhu aerodrome and later continuing to Madras (currently Chennai). After World War II, it became a public limited company and was renamed as Air India. On 21 February 1960, it took delivery of its first Boeing 707 named Gauri Shankar and became the first Asian airline to induct a jet aircraft in its fleet. In 2000-01, attempts were made to privatise Air India and from 2006 onwards, it suffered losses after its merger with Indian Airlines. Another privatization attempt was launched in 2017, which concluded with ownership of the airline and associated properties reverting to Tata group in 2022.
Air India also operates flights to domestic and Asian destinations through its subsidiary Air India Express. Air India operates a mix of narrow body aircraft such as the Airbus A320 family and Boeing 737 used for most domestic and short haul international routes and wide body aircraft such as the Airbus A350, Boeing 777 and Boeing 787 aircraft for long haul international routes. Air India's mascot is the Maharajah (Emperor) and the erstwhile logo consisted of a flying swan with the wheel of Konark inside it, before being replaced by a new logo inspired by the airline's Jharokha window pattern in 2023.

 History 

 Early years (1932–1945) 
Air India had its origin in Tata Sons, founded by J. R. D. Tata, an Indian aviator and business tycoon. In April 1932, Tata won a contract to carry mail for Imperial Airways and the aviation department of Tata Sons was formed with two single-engine de Havilland Puss Moths. On 15 October 1932, Tata flew a Puss Moth carrying air mail from Karachi to Bombay (currently Mumbai) and the aircraft continued to Madras (currently Chennai) piloted by Nevill Vintcent, a former Royal Air Force pilot and friend of Tata. The airline fleet consisted of a Puss Moth aircraft and a Leopard Moth. Initial service included weekly airmail service between Karachi and Madras via Ahmedabad and Bombay. In its first year of operation, the airline flew 160,000 miles (260,000 km), carrying 155 passengers and 9.72 tonnes (10.71 tons) of mail and made a profit of ₹60,000 (US$750). Later, the airline launched a domestic flight from Bombay to Trivandrum with a six-seater Miles Merlin. In 1938, it was re-christened as Tata Air Services and later as Tata Airlines. Delhi and Colombo were added to the destinations in 1938. During the Second World War, the airline helped the Royal Air Force with troop movements, shipping of supplies, rescue of refugees and maintenance of planes.

 Post Independence (1946–2000) 
After World War II, regular commercial service was restored in India and Tata Airlines became a public limited company on 29 July 1946 under the name Air India. After the Indian independence in 1947, 49% of the airline was acquired by the Government of India in 1948. On 8 June 1948, a Lockheed Constellation L-749A named Malabar Princess (registered VT-CQP) took off from Bombay bound for London Heathrow marking the airline's first international flight. In 1953, the Government of India passed the Air Corporations Act and purchased a majority stake in the carrier from Tata Sons though its founder J. R. D. Tata would continue as chairman until 1977. The company was renamed as Air India International Limited and the domestic services were transferred to Indian Airlines as a part of restructuring. From 1948 to 1950, the airline introduced services to Nairobi in Africa and to major European destinations Rome, Paris and Düsseldorf. The airline took delivery of its first Lockheed Constellation L-1049 named Rani of Jhansi (registered VT-DGL) and inaugurated services to Bangkok, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore.On 21 February 1960, Air India International inducted its first Boeing 707–420 named Gauri Shankar (registered VT-DJJ), thereby becoming the first Asian airline to induct a jet aircraft in its fleet. The airline inaugurated services to New York on 14 May 1960. On 8 June 1962, the airline's name was officially truncated to Air India and on 11 June 1962, Air India became the world's first all-jet airline. In 1971, the airline took delivery of its first Boeing 747-200B named Emperor Ashoka (registered VT-EBD) and introduced a new Palace in the Sky livery and branding. In 1986, Air India took delivery of its first Airbus A310-300. In 1993, Air India took delivery of a Boeing 747-400 named Konark (registered VT-ESM) and operated the first non-stop flight between New York and Delhi.

 Financial trouble, merger with Indian and later (2000–2022) 
In 2000–01, attempts were made to re-privatize Air India. In 2000, Air India introduced services to Shanghai, China. On 23 May 2001, the Ministry of Civil Aviation charged Michael Mascarenhas, the then-managing director, with corruption. According to the ministry reports, the airline lost approximately ₹570 million (US$7.1 million) because of extra commissions that Mascarenhas sanctioned and he was later suspended from the airline. In May 2004, Air India launched a wholly owned low cost subsidiary called Air-India Express connecting cities in India with the Middle East and Southeast Asia. Until 2007, Air India mainly operated on international long-haul routes while Indian Airlines operated on domestic and international short-haul routes. In 2007, Air India and Indian Airlines were merged under Air India Limited and the airline took delivery of its first Boeing 777 aircraft. The airline was invited to be a part of the Star Alliance in 2007.The combined losses for Air India and Indian Airlines in 2006–07 were ₹7.7 billion (US$96 million) and after the merger, it went up to ₹72 billion (US$900 million) by March 2009. In July 2009, State Bank of India was appointed to prepare a road map for the recovery of the airline. The carrier sold three Airbus A300 and one Boeing 747-300M in March 2009 for $18.75 million to finance the debt. By March 2011, Air India had accumulated a debt of ₹426 billion (US$5.3 billion) and an operating loss of ₹220 billion (US$2.8 billion), and was seeking ₹429 billion (US$5.4 billion) from the government. A report by the Comptroller and Auditor General blamed the decision to buy 111 new planes and the ill-timed merger with Indian Airlines for the poor financial situation. In August 2011, the invitation to join Star Alliance was suspended as a result of its failure to meet the minimum standards for the membership. The government pumped ₹32 billion (US$400 million) into Air India in March 2012.On 1 March 2009, Air India made Frankfurt Airport its international hub for onward connections to the United States from India. However, the airline shut down the Frankfurt hub on 30 October 2010 because of high operating costs. In 2010, financially less lucrative routes were terminated and the airline planned to open a new hub for its international flights at Dubai. In 2012, a study commissioned by the Corporate Affairs Ministry recommended that Air India should be partly privatised. In May 2012, the carrier invited offers from banks to raise up $800 million via external commercial borrowing and bridge financing. In May 2012, the airline was fined $80,000 by the US Transportation Department for failing to post customer service and tarmac delay contingency plans on its website and adequately inform passengers about its optional fees.In 2013, the then-Civil Aviation Minister Ajit Singh stated privatisation was the key to the airline's survival. However, the opposition led by the BJP and the CPI(M) slammed the government. In 2013, the Indian government planned to delay equity infusion of ₹300 billion (US$3.8 billion) that was slated to be infused into the airline slowly over a period of eight years. In January 2013, Air India cleared a part of its pending dues through funds raised by selling and leasing back the newly acquired Boeing 787 Dreamliners. In March 2013, the airline posted its first positive EBITDA after almost six years and 20% growth in its operating revenue since the previous financial year. Air India Limited split its engineering and cargo businesses into two separate subsidiaries, Air India Engineering Services Limited (AIESL) and Air India Transport Services Limited (AITSL) in 2013. In December 2013, the airline appointed veteran pilot SPS Puri as its head of operations. The appointment was criticised by the Air India pilots union as Puri allegedly has multiple violations to his name.Air India became the 27th member of Star Alliance on 11 July 2014. In August 2015, it signed an agreement with Citibank and State Bank of India to raise $300 million in external commercial borrowing to meet working capital requirements. For FY 2014–15, its revenue, operating loss and net loss were ₹198 billion (US$2.5 billion), ₹2.171 billion (US$27 million) and ₹5.41 billion (US$68 million) compared FY 2011–12, which were ₹147 billion (US$1.8 billion), ₹5.138 billion (US$64 million) and ₹7.55 billion (US$95 million). As of February 2016, Air India is the third largest carrier in India, after IndiGo and Jet Airways with a market share of 15.4%.

 Post privatization (2022–present) 
On 28 June 2017, the Government of India approved the privatisation of Air India and set up a committee to decide the details. In March 2018, the Government issued an Expression of Interest (EOI) to sell a 76% stake in Air India, along with low-cost airline Air India Express, and a 50% stake in AISATS, a ground handling joint venture with Singapore Airport Terminal Services (SATS). According to the EOI, the new owner would have to take on a debt of ₹33,392 crore (US$4.2 billion) and a bid would have to be submitted by mid-May as the Government wanted to complete the selling process by the end of 2018. However, no private firms showed any interest to buy a share in the debt-laden airline.Having failed to sell off a majority stake the airline, the Government decided to completely exit the airline and invited fresh EOIs on 27 January 2020. In order to attract bidders this time, the government reduced the debt burden on Air India by moving nearly ₹30,000 crore (US$3.8 billion) of the company's debts and liabilities to a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV). In view of the prevailing situation arising out of COVID-19, the last date for submission of interest was extended multiple times and the Government eventually received EOIs from seven parties by December 2020. Five of these parties were disqualified and the Government invited financial bids for Air India from the two qualified parties in September 2021.In September 2021, Spice Jet's Ajay Singh-led consortium and Tata Sons submitted their financial bids for Air India. On 8 October 2021, Air India along with its low cost carrier Air India Express and fifty per cent of AISATS, a ground handling company, were sold for ₹18,000 crore (US$2.3 billion) to Tata Group. On 27 January 2022, the airline was officially handed over to Tata Group. On 14 February 2022, after its re-privatization, the airline appointed İlker Aycı, former Chairman of Turkish Airlines as its new CEO and managing director to take charge on or before 1 April 2022 which did not materialize. In March 2022, Natarajan Chandrasekaran, the chairman of Tata Sons was appointed as the chairman of the airline and in May 2022, Campbell Wilson was announced as the CEO and MD.After the airline's acquisition, Tata Group began discussion on bringing the other airlines including Vistara and AirAsia India where it held a stake under a unified umbrella. In November 2022, Air India acquired AirAsia's stake in AirAsia India, renamed it into AIX Connect and announced plans to merge it with Air India Express. On 29 November 2022, Air India announced the merger with Vistara by March 2024 with Singapore Airlines which owns a 49% stake in Vistara getting a 25% stake in the newly formed airline. Vistara brand would be discontinued post the merger and the brand will operate under the Air India name.On 15 September 2022, the Tata Group announced Vihaan, a five year transformation goal aimed at restructuring and transforming Air India in phases. As part of the plan, Air India announced flights to additional international destinations. The route expansion was supported by improving air-worthiness of existing fleet and leasing aircraft from other airlines. On 14 February 2023, Air India announced an order for 470 aircraft consisting of including 250 from Airbus and 220 from Boeing at a cost of US$70 billion, which set the record for the world's largest aircraft order at the time. On 10 August 2023, the airline announced a rebranding exercise named "Vista" with a new livery and logo. On 1 January 2024, Air India announced that it will begin operating its first Airbus A350 aircraft on domestic routes from 22 January 2024 before expanding to international destinations.

 Corporate affairs and identity 

 Business trends 
The key trends for Air India are:

 Headquarters 

Air India Limited is headquartered at the Indian Airlines House, New Delhi. Air India moved its headquarters from Air India Building, Mumbai to Delhi in 2013. The former headquarters is a 23-story tower on Marine Drive and was one of the targets of the 1993 Bombay bombings. In 2023, Air India moved its headquarters to Gurugram in the National Capital Region.

 Subsidiaries 

 Current 

Air India Express began operations on 29 April 2005 and was initially owned by Air India Charters and operate flights from South India to the Middle East and Southeast Asia. In November 2022, Air India acquired AirAsia's stake in AirAsia India, renamed it into AIX Connect and announced plans to merge it with Air India Express.

 Defunct 

Air India became the first Asian airline to operate freighters when Air India Cargo was set up in 1954 and started its freighter operations with a Douglas DC-3 aircraft. Air India Cargo ended freighter aircraft operations in early 2012.Alliance Air was a wholly owned subsidiary of Indian Airlines established on 1 April 1996. It started operations on 21 June 1996. It was renamed Air India Regional after the merger between Air India and Indian Airlines. 
It was renamed back to Alliance Air in 2017 and ceased being a subsidiary of Air India in April 2022 when the Government of India sold Air India to the Tata group.

 Mascot 
Air India's mascot is the Maharajah (high king). It was created by Bobby Kooka, the then-commercial director of Air India, and Umesh Rao, an artist with J. Walter Thompson Limited in 1946. Kooka stated that, "We call him a Maharajah for want of a better description. But his blood isn't blue. He may look like royalty, but he isn't royal". Air India adopted the Maharajah as its mascot in 1946. It was used in promoting it although initially designed only for the airline's memo-pads. The Maharajah was given a makeover in 2015 and the brand is represented by a younger version. In 2023, the Maharajah was given a makeover and was revealed that the mascot would only be used in certain aspects of the airline like the premium lounges and crockery.

 Logo and livery 
Air India's colour scheme is red and white. The aircraft were painted in white with red palace style carvings on the outside of the windows and the airline's name written in red. The name is written in Hindi on the port side fuselage and in English on the port side tail. On the starboard side, the name is written in English on the fuselage, and in Hindi on the tail. The window scheme was designed in line with the slogan Your Palace in the Sky. The aircraft were earlier named after Indian kings and landmarks. In 1989, to supplement its Flying Palace livery, Air India introduced a new livery that included a metallic gold spinning wheel on a deep red-coloured tail and a Boeing 747, Rajendra Chola, was the first aircraft to be painted in the new colours.The first logo of Air India was a centaur, a stylised version of Sagittarius shooting an arrow in a circle representing the wheel of Konark. The logo chosen by founder J. R. D. Tata was introduced in 1948 and represented the airline until 2007. On 22 May 2007, Air India and Indian Airlines unveiled their new livery consisting of a Flying Swan with the wheel of Konark placed inside it. The flying swan was morphed from the centaur logo and the chakra was derived from Indian's erstwhile logo. On 15 May 2007, Air India refreshed its livery, making the Rajasthani arches along the windows slightly smaller, extending a stylised line from the tail of the aircraft to the nose and painting the underbelly red. The new logo features on the tail and the engine covers with red and orange lines running parallel to each other from the front door to the rear door.After the airline's acquisition by the Tata Group, the airline revealed its brand new logo and livery on 10 August 2023. The new livery features a palette of deep red, aubergine, and gold with chakra pattern and the new logo is inspired by the airline's Jharokha window pattern. In December 2023, the airline unveiled new uniforms for its crew and rolled out its new identity with an Airbus A350-900, the first aircraft to be re-branded.

 Art collection 
Air India maintained a collection of Indian art from 1956 comprising works of important Indian artists and photographers, sculptures, wood carvings, glass paintings, rare textiles etc. The artworks were often sent to be hung in Air India booking offices around the world and used in promotional material. In 1967, the company commissioned ashtrays from Salvador Dalí and gifted an elephant calf as payment. In 2010, a plan to establish a museum from the collection was stalled and the artworks reside in a building in Nariman Point, Mumbai. Air India organized the first ever exhibition of these art at the National Gallery of Modern Art in Delhi, titled Air India Salutes Indian Masters in 2013. Following a memorandum of understanding agreed between the airline and the Ministry of Culture, the art collection was transferred to the National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMA) in Mumbai in January 2023. The art was put up for exhibition titled Maharaja’s Treasure: Select Works of Art from the Famed Air India Collection.

 Destinations 

As of January 2024, Air India flies to a total of 84 destinations, including 44 domestic destinations and 40 international destinations in 37 countries across five continents around the world. Its primary hub is located at Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi, and it has a secondary hub at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport, Mumbai. Air India operates some of the world's longest non-stop flights.

 Alliance 
Air India became the 27th member of Star Alliance on 11 July 2014.

 Codeshare agreements 
Air India has codeshare agreements with the following airlines:

 Interline agreements 
Alaska Airlines
Bangkok Airways

 Fleet 

As of February 2024, Air India operates a fleet of 130 aircraft, both narrowbody and widebody aircraft with a fleet composed of Airbus A319, A320, A320neo, A321, A321neo, A350 as well as Boeing 777 and Boeing 787.

 Fleet information 
In 1932, Air India started operations with De Havilland Puss Moth. On 21 February 1960, Air India International inducted its first Boeing 707–420 named Gauri Shankar (registered VT-DJJ), thereby becoming the first Asian airline to induct a jet aircraft in its fleet. In 1971, the airline took delivery of its first Boeing 747-200B named Emperor Ashoka (registered VT-EBD) In 1986, Air India took delivery of its first Airbus A310-300. On 4 August 1993, Air India took the delivery of its first Boeing 747-400 named Konark (registered VT-ESM). In 1989, Indian Airlines introduced the Airbus A320-200 aircraft, which Air India now uses to operate both domestic and international short haul flights. In 2005, Indian Airlines introduced the smaller, A319, which are now used mainly on domestic and regional routes. After the merger in 2007, Air India inducted the A321, to operate mainly on international short haul routes and leased the Airbus A330s to operate on medium-long haul international routes. The airline's first Boeing 777-200LR aircraft was delivered on 26 July 2007, which was named Andhra Pradesh. Air India received its first Boeing 777-300ER aircraft on 9 October 2007 and the aircraft was named as Bihar. Air India received its first Boeing 787 dreamliner aircraft on 6 September 2012 and commenced flights on 19 September 2012.Air India One is the call sign of any Air India aircraft carrying the Prime Minister, President or the Vice-President. Though the call-sign of Air India is used, these flights are operated on customized Boeing 777-300ER aircraft owned by Indian Air Force and maintained by Air India on a special contatract..

 Fleet restructuring 
As a part of the financial restructuring, Air India sold five of its eight Boeing 777-200LR aircraft to Etihad Airways in December 2013. According to the airline, plans for introducing ultra-long flights with service to Seattle, San Francisco and Los Angeles were cancelled due to factors like high fuel prices and weak demand. In April 2014, the airline decided to sell its remaining three Boeing 777-200LRs as well, citing higher operating costs. On 24 April 2014, Air India issued a tender for leasing 14 Airbus A320 aircraft for up to six years, to strengthen its domestic network.

 New aircraft orders 
On 11 January 2006, Air India announced an order for 68 jets – 8 Boeing 777-200LR, 15 Boeing 777-300ER, 18 Boeing 737-800 and 27 Boeing 787-8 Dreamliners. The eighteen Boeing 737s ordered were later transferred to Air India Express and Air India took delivery of the dream liners. On 14 February 2023, Air India announced an order for 470 aircraft with Airbus and Boeing consisting of 210 A320neo family, 40 A350, 190 737 MAX, 20 787-9 and 10 777-9 aircraft at a cost of US$70 billion with deliveries beginning late 2023.

 Services 

 Cabin 
The Boeing 777-200LRs/777-300ERs that have operated with Air India since before its privatization have a three-class configuration with first, business, and economy class. These include the carrier's older, 2-3-2 business class cabins and 3-3-3 economy class cabins. Following privatization, Air India began operating ex-Delta 777-200LRs on certain routes to North America, which allowed for the airline to introduce Premium Economy (using Delta's Premium Economy product). The introduction of ex-Etihad 777-300ERs on routes to London-Heathrow introduced a third product type within the carrier's fleet (though Premium Economy product is still limited to the ex-Delta 777s).
Air India's Boeing 787 Dreamliners have a similar product to its older 777s, but do not have first class, opting for a two class configuration with a 2-2-2 business class and economy class.
In January 2024, the airline introduced its first Airbus A350 on select domestic services. The A350-900, registered VT-GRA, is one of six A350-900s that were originally scheduled to be delivered to Aeroflot. Citing supply chain constraints, Air India chose to introduce these aircraft with interiors chosen by Aeroflot, and include 1-2-1 lie flat business class seats, premium economy, and economy.
Within its A320 fleet, which primarily serve domestic and regional international services, only business and economy class are offered, with some aircraft, including newly delivered A320/321neo aircraft having only economy class.

 In-flight entertainment 
Air India aircraft are equipped with Thales i3000 in-flight entertainment system. Passengers can choose from five channels airing Hindi and English content. Air India's Boeing 777 and 787 aircraft are also equipped with personal on-demand in-flight entertainment systems on which passengers can choose from available content. Showtime is the official entertainment guide published by Air India. Shubh Yatra (meaning Happy Journey) is a bilingual in-flight magazine published in English and Hindi by Air India.

 Frequent flyer programme 
Flying Returns is Air India's frequent-flyer programme. It was India's first frequent flyer programme and is shared by Air India and its subsidiaries. A member can earn mileage points and redeem them during future travel. On higher fares, passengers will earn bonus miles and clock mileage points.

 Missions 
As the flag carrier, Air India is often involved in evacuation of civilians during wars. The airline entered the Guinness Book of World Records for the most people evacuated by civil airliner. Over 111,000 people were evacuated from Amman to Mumbai, a distance of 4,117 kilometres (2,558 mi), by operating 488 flights from 13 August to 11 October 1990  – lasting 59 days. The operation was carried out during Persian Gulf War to evacuate Indian expatriates from Kuwait and Iraq. The event was later featured in the film Airlift.In February-March 2011, Air India evacuated of more than 15,000 Indian nationals during the Libyan civil war. In March-April 2015, the airline was involved in Operation Raahat during the Yemeni civil war. In August 2021, Air India evacuated 669 people under Operation Devi Shakti from war-torn Afghanistan during the 2021 Taliban offensive. In February 2022, Air India evacuated Indian citizens from Russia and Ukraine as a part of Operation Ganga during the Russo-Ukrainian War. In October 2023, the airline evacuated people from Israel during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war as a part of Operation Ajay.

 Awards and recognitions 
Preferred International Airline for travel and hospitality from Awaz Consumer Awards (2006)
Best Corporate Social Responsibility Initiative by Galileo Express Travel World
Best Short-Haul International Airline by Galileo Express Travel World (2008)
Corporate Excellence Award by Amity University (2006)
Trusted Brand by Reader's Digest (2006)
Dun and Bradstreet Award (D&B), first in terms of revenue out of the top airline companies out of India (2006)
Best South Asian Airline, Mice and business travel publications (2006)
Cargo Airline of the Year, 26th Cargo Airline of the Year Awards
Montreal Protocol Public Awareness Award by the United Nations for environmental protection
Air India was named India's most trusted airline by The Brand Trust Report 2015.Air India's ground services became the first ground service provider to acquire ISO 9002 certification on 31 January 2001.

 Accidents and incidents 

As of January 2024, Air India has been involved in ten fatal crashes, two of which were caused by acts of terrorism.

On 27 December 1947, a Douglas C-48C (registered VT-AUG) carrying nineteen passengers and four crew en route from Karachi to Bombay, crashed at Korangi Creek due to loss of control following instrument failure, killing all on board. This was the airline's first fatal accident. The aircraft had been notorious for electrical problems and had an unusual number of instrument replacements.
On 3 November 1950, Air India Flight 245, a Lockheed L-749 Constellation (registered VT-CQP, Malabar Princess) carrying forty passengers and eight crew on a flight from Bombay to London via Cairo and Geneva, crashed on Mont Blanc in France, killing all on board.
On 13 December 1950, a Douglas C-47B (registered VT-CFK) carrying 17 passengers and four crew from Bombay to Coimbatore, crashed into high ground near Kotagiri due to a navigational error, killing all on board.
On 15 September 1951, a Douglas C-47A (registered VT-CCA) lost control and crashed on takeoff from HAL Bangalore Airport with the autopilot turned on, killing a crew member; all 23 passengers survived.
On 9 May 1953, a Douglas C-47A (registered VT-AUD) crashed shortly after takeoff from Palam Airport following a loss of control due to pilot error, killing all thirteen passengers and five crew on board.
On 11 April 1955, Kashmir Princess, a Lockheed L-749A Constellation (registered VT-DEP) flying from Hong Kong to Jakarta, crashed while attempting a water landing post a mid-air bomb explosion in the right main landing gear bay, killing all eleven passengers and eight crew.
On 19 July 1959 Rani of Aera, a Lockheed L-1049G Super Constellation (registered VT-DIN) carrying 46 people (39 passengers and seven crew) crashed on approach to Santacruz airport, Bombay in poor visibility conditions due to rain. There were no fatalities but the aircraft suffered damage beyond repair and was written off.On 24 January 1966, Air India Flight 101 Kanchenjunga, a Boeing 707-420 (registered VT-DMN) carrying 117 people (106 passengers and 11 crew) crashed on Mont Blanc, France killing all on board including Indian scientist Homi J. Bhabha.
On 25 December 1974, Air India Flight 105, a Boeing 747-237B (registered VT-EBE), flying from Santacruz airport, Bombay to New York JFK, with stops at Beirut, Rome, and Paris was hijacked by a 31 year old male passenger, while flying on the Beirut-Rome leg. The crew was able to subdue the hijacker, who was handed over top Italian police officers after landing.
On 1 January 1978, Air India Flight 855 Emperor Ashoka, a Boeing 747-200B (registered VT-EBD) crashed into the Arabian Sea post taking off from Bombay after the pilot became disorientated due to instrument failure, killing all 190 passengers and 23 crew on board.
On 21 June 1982, Air India Flight 403 Gouri Shankar, a Boeing 707-420 (registered VT-DJJ) carrying 99 passengers and 12 crew from Kuala Lumpur to Bombay via Madras crashed while landing at Sahar airport during a rainstorm. The fuselage broke apart and seventeen people including two crew members were killed.
On 28 January 1983, Air India Flight 306 Emperor Kanishka, a Boeing 747-200B (registered VT-EFO), collided with an Indian Airlines Airbus A300 after landing at Palam Airport, Delhi with the plane suffering substantial damage. On 23 June 1985, the same aircraft flying as Air India Flight 182 was blown up in mid-air by a suitcase-bomb planted by Babbar Khalsa terrorists on the first leg of its Montreal-London-Delhi-Bombay flight. The aircraft exploded off the coast of Cork, Ireland in the Atlantic Ocean killing all 307 passengers and 22 crew on board.
On 7 May 1990, Air India Flight 132 Emperor Vikramaditya, a Boeing 747-200B (registered VT-EBO) flying on the London-Delhi-Bombay route carrying 215 people (195 passengers and 20 crew) caught fire on touch down at Delhi airport due to a failure of an engine pylon-to-wing attachment. There were no fatalities but the aircraft was damaged beyond repair and written off.
On 30 July 2005, Air India Flight 127, a Boeing 747-400, flying from HAL Airport, Bangalore skidded while landing at Mumbai which damaged the nose wheel landing gear after hitting a few runway lights. While there were no injuries, the plane sustained damage and was taken off service for repairs.
On September 4 2009, Air India Flight 829, a Boeing 747-400 (registered VT-ESM), suffered an engine fire at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport, Mumbai, shortly before take-off. While there were no injuries to passenger or crew, the aircraft was written off.
On 17 December 2015, an Air India technician was killed in a freak accident at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport in Mumbai after being sucked into the engine of an Airbus A320 during pushback when the co-pilot mistook a signal and started the engine.

 See also 
List of airlines of India
List of airports in India
Transport in India

 References 

 External links 

Official website

Bukovina
Bukovina is a historical region, variously described as part of either Central or Eastern Europe (or both). The region is located on the northern slopes of the central Eastern Carpathians and the adjoining plains, today divided between Romania and Ukraine.
Inhabited by many cultures and peoples, settled by Moldavians, Romanians and Ukrainians (Ruthenians), it became part of the Kievan Rus' and Pechenegs' territory early on during the 10th century and an integral part of the principality of Moldavia in the 14th century where the capital of Moldavia, Suceava, was founded, eventually expanding its territory all the way to the Black Sea.
Consequently, the culture of the Kievan Rus' spread in the region during the early Middle Ages. During the time of the Golden Horde, namely in the 14th century (or in the high Middle Ages), Bukovina became part of Moldavia under Hungarian suzerainty (i.e. under the medieval Kingdom of Hungary).
According to the Moldo-Russian Chronicle, the Hungarian king Vladislav (Ladislaus) asked the Old Romans (Byzantiens) and the New Romans (Vlachs) to fight the Tatars. During the same event, it writes that Dragoș was one of the New Romans. Eventually, Dragoș dismounted Moldavia named from a river (Moldova River) flowing in Bukovina. During a Vlach revolt in Bukovina against Balc, Dragoș' grandson, Bogdan the Founder joined the revolt and deposed Balc, securing independence from the Kingdom of Hungary. In 1497 a battle took place at the Cosmin Forest (the hilly forests separating Chernivtsi and Siret valleys), at which Stephen III of Moldavia (Stephen the Great), managed to defeat the much-stronger but demoralized army of King John I Albert of Poland. The battle is known in Polish popular culture as "the battle when the Knights have perished".
The territory of what became known as Bukovina was, from 1775 to 1918, an administrative division of the Habsburg monarchy, the Austrian Empire, and Austria-Hungary. The first census that recorded ethnicity was made in 1851 and shows a population of 184,718 or 48.5% Romanians, 144,982 or 38.1% Ukrainians and 51,126 or 13.4% others, with a total population of 380,826 people. By 1910, Romanians and Ukrainians were almost in equal numbers with the Romanians concentrated mainly in the south and the Ukrainians mainly in the north.
In 1940, the northern half of Bukovina was annexed by the Soviet Union in violation of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, a non-aggression pact between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union. The region was temporarily recovered by Romania as an ally of Nazi Germany after the latter invaded the Soviet Union in 1941, but retaken by the Soviet army in 1944. Bukovina's population was historically ethnically diverse. Today, Bukovina's northern half is the Chernivtsi Oblast of Ukraine, while the southern part is Suceava County of Romania. Bukovina is sometimes known as the 'Switzerland of the East', given its diverse ethnic mosaic and deep forested mountainous landscapes.

 Name 
The name first appears in a document issued by the Voivode of Moldavia Roman I Mușat on 30 March 1392, by which he gives to Ionaș Viteazul three villages, located near the Siret river.The name Bukovina came into official use in 1775 with the region's annexation from the Principality of Moldavia to the possessions of the Habsburg monarchy, which became the Austrian Empire in 1804, and Austria-Hungary in 1867.
The official German name of the province under Austrian rule (1775–1918), die Bukowina, was derived from the Polish form Bukowina, which in turn was derived from the common Slavic form of buk, meaning beech tree (compare Ukrainian бук [buk]; German Buche; Hungarian bükkfa). Another German name for the region, das Buchenland, is mostly used in poetry, and means 'beech land', or 'the land of beech trees'. In Romanian, in literary or poetic contexts, the name Țara Fagilor ('the land of beech trees') is sometimes used. In some languages a definite article, sometimes optional, is used before the name: the Bukovina, increasingly an archaism in English, which, however, is found in older literature.
In Ukraine, the name Буковина (Bukovyna) is unofficial, but is common when referring to the Chernivtsi Oblast, as over two thirds of the oblast is the northern part of Bukovina. In Romania, the term Northern Bukovina is sometimes synonymous with the entire Chernivtsi Oblast of Ukraine, while Southern Bukovina refers to the Suceava County of Romania (although 30% of the present-day Suceava County covers territory outside of the historical Bukovina).

 History 
The territory of Bukovina had been part of Kievan Rus since the 10th century. It then became part of the Principality of Galicia, and then part of Moldavia in the 14th century. It was first delineated as a separate district of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria in 1775, and was made a nominal duchy within the Austrian Empire in 1849.

 Background 

The region, which is made up of a portion of the northeastern Carpathian Mountains and the neighbouring plain, was settled by both Vlachs and Ruthenians. After being inhabited by ancient peoples and tribes (Trypillian, Scythians, Dacians, Getae) starting from the Paleolithic, Germanic culture and language emerged in the region in the 4th century by the time of the Goths, archeological research has also indicated that the Romans had a presence in the region. Later, Slavic culture spread, and by the 10th century the region was part of Turkic, Slavic and Romance people like Pechenegs, Cumans, Ruthinians and Vlachs. Among the first references of the Vlachs (Romanians) in the region is in the 10th century by Varangian Sagas referring to the Blakumen people i.e. Vlachs in the land of Pechenegs. By late 12th century chronicle of Niketas Choniates, writes that some Vlachs seized the future Byzantine emperor, Andronikos Komnenos, when "he reached the borders of Halych" in 1164. In the Moldo-Russian Chronicle, writes the events of year 1342, that the Hungarian king Vladislav (Ladislaus) asked the Old Romans and the New Romans to fight the Tatars, by that they will earn a sit in Maramureș. During the same event, it writes that Dragoș was one of the Romans . In the year 1359 Dragoș dismounted Moldavia and took with him many Vlachs and German colonists from Maramureș to Moldavia.

 Early settlement 
First traces of human occupation date back to the Paleolithic. The area was first settled by Trypillian culture tribes, in the Neolithic. It was then settled by now extinct tribes (Dacians/Getae, Thracian/Scythian tribes). Meanwhile, many nomads crossed the region (3rd to 9th century A.D). By the 4th century, the Goths appeared in the region. And later by the 5th and 6th century Slavic people appeared in the region. They were part of the tribal alliance of the Antes. In the 9th century Tivertsi and White Croatians and Cowari composed the local population.

 Kievan Rus 
United by Prince Oleg in the 870s, Kievan Rus' was a loose federation of speakers of East Slavic and Uralic languages from the late 9th to the mid-13th century, under the reign of the Rurik dynasty, founded by the Varangian prince Rurik. Bukovina gradually became part of Kievan Rus from the late 10th century and Pechenegs. Parts of Bukovina were first conquered in 981 by Vladimir the Great. The rest was incorporated into the Principality of Terebovlia in 1084. When Kievan Rus was partitioned at the end of the 11th century, Bukovina became part of the Principality of Galicia-Volhynia.

 Principality of Galicia-Volhynia 
After the fragmentation of Kievan Rus', Bukovina passed to the Principality of Galicia (Principality of Galicia-Volhynia) in 1124. The Church in Bukovina was initially administered from Kiev. In 1302, it was passed to the Halych metropoly.After the Mongols under Batu invaded Europe, with the region nominally falling into their hands, ties between Galician-Volhynian and Bukovina weakened. As a result of the Mongol invasion, the Shypyntsi land, recognizing the suzerainty of the Mongols, arose in the region.Eventually, this state collapsed, and Bukovina passed to Hungary. King Louis I appointed Dragoș, Voivode of Moldavia as his deputy, facilitating the migration of the Romanians from Maramureș and Transylvania.The Moldavian state was formed by the mid-14th century, eventually expanding its territory all the way to the Black Sea. Upon its foundation, the Moldovan state recognized the supremacy of Poland, keeping on recognizing it from 1387 to 1497. Later (1514) it was vassalized by the Ottoman Empire. Bukovina and neighboring regions became the nucleus of the Moldavian Principality, with the city of Iași as its capital from 1564 (after Baia, Siret and Suceava). The name of Moldavia (Romanian: Moldova) is derived from a river (Moldova River) flowing in Bukovina.

 Polish and Moldavian period 
Petru II moved the seat of Moldova from Siret to Suceava in 1388. In the 15th century, Pokuttya, the region immediately to the north, became the subject of disputes between the Principality of Moldavia and the Polish Kingdom. Pokuttya was inhabited by Ruthenians (the predecessors of modern Ukrainians together with the Rus', and of the Rusyns). In 1497 a battle took place at the Cosmin Forest (the hilly forests separating Chernivtsi and Siret valleys), at which Stephen III of Moldavia (Stephen the Great), managed to defeat the much-stronger but demoralized army of King John I Albert of Poland. The battle is known in Polish popular culture as "the battle when the Knights have perished". The region had been under Polish nominal suzerainty from its foundation (1387) to the time of this battle (1497). Shortly thereafter, it became a vassal of the Ottoman Empire (1514).
In this period, the patronage of Stephen the Great and his successors on the throne of Moldavia saw the construction of the famous painted monasteries of Moldovița, Sucevița, Putna, Humor, Voroneț, Dragomirna, Arbore and others. With their renowned exterior frescoes, these monasteries remain some of the greatest cultural treasures of Romania; some of them are World Heritage Sites, part of the painted churches of northern Moldavia. The most famous monasteries are in the area of Suceava, which today is part of Romania. Also part of Romania is the monastery of John the New, an Orthodox saint and martyr, who was killed by the Tatars in Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi.
From 1490 to 1492, the Mukha rebellion, led by the Ukrainian hero Petro Mukha, took place in Galicia. This event pitted the Moldavians against the oppressive rule of the Polish magnates. A rebel army composed of Moldavian peasants took the fortified towns of Sniatyn, Kolomyia, and Halych, killing many Polish noblemen and burghers, before being halted by the Polish Royal Army in alliance with a Galician levée en masse and Prussian mercenaries while marching to Lviv. Many rebels died in the Rohatyn Battle, with Mukha and the survivors fleeing back to Moldavia. Mukha returned to Galicia to re-ignite the rebellion, but was killed in 1492.In May 1600 Mihai Viteazul (Michael the Brave), became the ruler the two Danubian principalities and Transylvania.In the 16th and 17th centuries, Ukrainian warriors (Cossacks) were involved in many conflicts against the Turkish and Tatar invaders of the Moldavian territory. Notably, Ivan Pidkova, best known as the subject of Ukraine's bard Taras Shevchenko's Ivan Pidkova (1840), led military campaigns in the 1570s. Many Bukovinians joined the Cossacks during the Khmelnytsky Uprising. As part of the peasant armies, they formed their own regiment, which participated to the 1648 siege of Lviv. Ukrainian Hetman Bohdan Khmelnytsky himself led a campaign in Moldavia, whose result was an alliance between Khmelnytsky and its hospodar Vasile Lupu. Other prominent Ukrainian leaders fighting against the Turks in Moldovia were Severyn Nalyvaiko and Petro Konashevych-Sahaidachny.For short periods of time (during wars), the Polish Kingdom (to which Moldavians were hostile) again occupied parts of northern Moldavia. However, the old border was re-established each time, as for example on 14 October 1703 the Polish delegate Martin Chometowski said, according to the Polish protocol, "Between us and Wallachia (i.e. the Moldavian region, vassal of the Turks) God himself set Dniester as the border" (Inter nos et Valachiam ipse Deus flumine Tyras dislimitavit). According to the Turkish protocol the sentence reads, "God (may He be exalted) has separated the lands of Moldavia [Bukovina, vassal of the Turks] from our Polish lands by the river Dniester." Strikingly similar sentences were used in other sayings and folkloristic anecdotes, such as the phrase reportedly exclaimed by a member of the Aragonese Cortes in 1684.
In the course of the Russo-Turkish War of 1768–1774, the Ottoman armies were defeated by the Russian Empire, which occupied the region from 15 December 1769 to September 1774, and previously during 14 September–October 1769. Bukovina was the reward the Habsburgs received for aiding the Russians in that war. Prince Grigore III Ghica of Moldavia protested and was prepared to take action to recover the territory, but was assassinated, and a Greek-Phanariot foreigner was put on the throne of Moldavia by the Ottomans.

 Austrian Empire 

The Austrian Empire occupied Bukovina in October 1774. Following the First Partition of Poland in 1772, the Austrians claimed that they needed it for a road between Galicia and Transylvania. Bukovina was formally annexed in January 1775. On 2 July 1776, at Palamutka, Austrians and Ottomans signed a border convention, Austria giving back 59 of the previously occupied villages, retaining 278 villages.
Bukovina was a closed military district (1775–1786), then the largest district, Bukovina District (first known as the Czernowitz District), of the Austrian constituent Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria (1787–1849). On 4 March 1849, Bukovina became a separate Austrian Kronland 'crown land' under a Landespräsident (not a Statthalter, as in other crown lands) and was declared the Herzogtum Bukowina (a nominal duchy, as part of the official full style of the Austrian Emperors). In 1860 it was again amalgamated with Galicia but reinstated as a separate province once again on 26 February 1861, a status that would last until 1918.In 1849 Bukovina got a representative assembly, the Landtag (diet). The Moldavian nobility had traditionally formed the ruling class in that territory. In 1867, with the re-organization of the Austrian Empire as the Austro-Hungarian Empire, it became part of the Cisleithanian or Austrian territories of Austria-Hungary and remained so until 1918.

 Late 19th to early 20th centuries 

The 1871 and 1904 jubilees held at Putna Monastery, near the tomb of Ștefan cel Mare, have constituted tremendous moments for Romanian national identity in Bukovina. Since gaining its independence, Romania envisioned to incorporate this province, that Romanians likewise considered historic, which, as a core of the Moldavian Principality, was of a great historic significance to its history and contained many prominent monuments of its art and architecture.During the Habsburg period, the Ukrainians increased their numbers in the north of the region, while in the south the Romanian nationality kept its vast majority. The Austrians "managed to keep a balance between the various ethnic groups." In the 1880 census, there were 239,690 Ruthenians and Hutzuls, or roughly 41.5% of the population of the region, while Romanians were second with 190,005 people or 33%, a ratio that remained more or less the same until World War I. The percentage of Romanians fell from 85.3% in 1774 to 34.1%	in 1910. Ruthenians is an archaic name for Ukrainians, while the Hutsuls are a regional Ukrainian subgroup.

 Ukrainian national sentiment 
Ukrainian national sentiment re-ignited in the 1840s. Officially started in 1848, the nationalist movement gained strength in 1869, when the Ruska Besida Society was founded in Chernivtsi. By the 1890s, Ukrainians were represented in the regional diet and Vienna parliament, being led by Stepan Smal-Stotsky. Beside Stotsky, other important Bukovinian leaders were Yerotei Pihuliak, Omelian Popovych, Mykola Vasylko, Orest Zybachynsky, Denys Kvitkovsky , Sylvester Nikorovych, Ivan and Petro Hryhorovych, and Lubomyr Husar. The first periodical in the Ukrainian language, Bukovyna (published from 1885 until 1918) was published by the populists since the 1880s. The Ukrainian populists fought for their ethnocultural rights against the Austrians.
Peasant revolts broke out in Hutsul areas in the 1840s, with the peasants demanding more rights, socially and politically. Likewise, nationalist sentiment spread among the Romanians. As a result, more rights were given to Ukrainians and Romanians, with five Ukrainians (including notably Lukian Kobylytsia), two Romanians and one German elected to represent the region. The Ukrainians won representation at the provincial diet as late as 1890, and fought for equality with the Romanians also in the religious sphere. This was partly achieved only as late as on the eve of World War I. However, their achievements were accompanied by friction with Romanians. Overpopulation in the countryside caused migration (especially to North America), also leading to peasant strikes. However, by 1914 Bukovina managed to get "the best Ukrainian schools and cultural-educational institutions of all the regions of Ukraine." Beside Ukrainians, also Bukovina's Germans and Jews, as well as a number of Romanians and Hungarians, emigrated in 19th and 20th century.
Under Austrian rule, Bukovina remained ethnically mixed: Romanians were predominant in the south, Ukrainians (commonly referred to as Ruthenians in the Empire) in the north, with small numbers of Hungarian Székelys, Slovak, and Polish peasants, and Germans, Poles and Jews in the towns. The 1910 census counted 800,198 people, of which: Ruthenians 38.88%, Romanians 34.38%, Germans 21.24% (Jews 12.86% included), Polish people 4.55%, Hungarian people 1.31%, Slovaks 0.08%, Slovenes 0.02%, Italian people 0.02%, and a few Croats, Romani people, Serbs and Turkish people. While reading the statistics it should be mentioned that, due to "adverse economic conditions", some 50,000 Ukrainians left the region (mostly emigrating to North America) between 1891 and 1910, in the aforementioned migrations. Nonetheless, the percentage of Ukrainians has significantly grown since the end of the XVIII century.In 1783, by an imperial decree of Joseph II, the local Eastern Orthodox Eparchy of Bukovina (with its seat in Czernowitz) was placed under spiritual jurisdiction of the Metropolitanate of Karlovci. Some friction appeared in time between the church hierarchy and the Romanians, complaining that Old Church Slavonic was favored to Romanian, and that family names were being slavicized. In spite of Romanian-Slavic speaking frictions over the influence in the local church hierarchy, there was no Romanian-Ukrainian inter-ethnic tension, and both cultures developed in educational and public life. After the rise of Ukrainian nationalism in 1848 and the following rise of Romanian nationalism, Habsburg authorities reportedly awarded additional rights to Ukrainians in an attempt to temper Romanian ambitions of independence. On the other hand, the Ukrainians had to struggle against the Austrians, with the Austrians rejecting both nationalist claims, favoring neither Romanians nor Ukrainians, while attempting to "keep a balance between the various ethnic groups." Indeed, a group of scholars surrounding the Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand were planning to turn Austria-Hungary into a federation. These plans included creating a majority-Romanian state of Transylvania within the federation which would have included Bukovina, including Czernowitz. After they acquired Bukovina, the Austrians opened only one elementary school in Chernivsti, which taught exclusively in Romanian. They later did open German schools, but no Ukrainian ones. Ukrainian language would appear in Chernivsti's schools as late as 1851, but only as a subject, at the local university (in spite of this, the city attracted students from other parts of Bukovina and Galicia, who would study in the German language of instruction). Lukjan Kobylytsia, a Ukrainian Bukovinian farmer and activist, died of torture-related causes after attempting to ask for more rights for the Bukovinian Ukrainians to the Austrians. He died of the consequence of torture in 1851 in Romania. At the end of the 19th century, the development of Ukrainian culture in Bukovina surpassed Galicia and the rest of Ukraine with a network of Ukrainian educational facilities, while Dalmatia formed an archbishopric, later raised to the rank of Metropolitanate.
In 1873, the Eastern Orthodox Bishop of Czernowitz (who was since 1783 under the spiritual jurisdiction of the Metropolitan of Karlovci) was elevated to the rank of Archbishop, when a new Metropolitanate of Bukovinian and Dalmatia was created. The new archbishop of Czernowitz gained supreme jurisdiction over Serbian eparchies of Dalmatia and Kotor, which were also (until then) under the spiritual jurisdiction of Karlovci.
In the early 20th century, a group of scholars surrounding the Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand created a plan (that never came to pass) of United States of Greater Austria. The specific proposal was published in Aurel C. Popovici's book "Die Vereinigten Staaten von Groß-Österreich" [The United States of Greater Austria], Leipzig, 1906. According to it, most of Bukovina (including Czernowitz) would form, with Transylvania, a Romanian state, while the north-western portion (Zastavna, Kozman, Waschkoutz, Wiznitz, Gura Putilei, and Seletin districts) would form with the bigger part of Galicia a Ukrainian state, both in a federation with 13 other states under the Austrian crown.

 Kingdom of Romania 

In World War I, several battles were fought in Bukovina between the Austro-Hungarian, German, and Russian armies, which resulted in the Russian army invading Chernivtsi for three times (30 August to 21 October 1914, 26 November 1914 to 18 February 1915 and 18 June 1916 to 2 August 1917). The regime that had occupied the city pursued a policy of persecution of "nationally conscious Ukrainians". The situation was not improved until the February Revolution of 1917. The Russian were driven out in 1917. Bukovina suffered great losses during the war.With the collapse of Austria-Hungary in 1918, both the local Romanian National Council and the Ukrainian National Council based in Galicia claimed the region. In the beginning, Bukovina joined the fledging West Ukrainian National Republic (November 1918), but it was occupied by the Romanian army immediately thereafter.A Constituent Assembly on 14/27 October 1918 formed an executive committee, to whom the Austrian governor of the province handed power. After an official request by Iancu Flondor, Romanian troops swiftly moved in to take over the territory, against Ukrainian protest. Although local Ukrainians attempted to incorporate parts of Northern Bukovina into the short-lived West Ukrainian People's Republic, this attempt was defeated by Polish and Romanian troops.
The Ukrainian Regional Committee, led by Omelian Popovych, organized a rally in Chernivtsi on November 3, 1918, demanding Bukovina's annexation to Ukraine. The committee took power in the Ukrainian part of Bukovina, including its biggest center Chernivtsi. The Romanian moderates, who were led by Aurel Onciul, accepted the division. However, the Romanian conservatives, led by Iancu Flondor, rejected the idea. In spite of Ukrainian resistance, the Romanian army occupied the Northern Bukovina, including Chernivtsi, on November 11.Under the protection of Romanian troops, the Romanian Council summoned a General Congress of Bukovina for 15/28 November 1918, where 74 Romanians, 13 Ruthenians, 7 Germans, and 6 Poles were represented (this is the linguistic composition, and Jews were not recorded as a separate group). According to Romanian historiography, popular enthusiasm swept the whole region, and a large number of people gathered in the city to wait for the resolution of the Congress. The council was quickly summoned by the Romanians upon their occupation of Bukovina.
The Congress elected the Romanian Bukovinian politician Iancu Flondor as chairman, and voted for the union with the Kingdom of Romania, with the support of the Romanian, German, and Polish representatives; the Ukrainians did not support this. The reasons stated were that, until its takeover by the Habsburg in 1775, Bukovina was the heart of the Principality of Moldavia, where the gropnițele domnești (voivods' burial sites) are located, and dreptul de liberă hotărâre de sine (right of self-determination). Romanian control of the province was recognized internationally in the Treaty of St. Germain in 1919. Bukovina's autonomy was undone during Romanian occupation, the region being reduced to an ordinary Romanian province. It was subject to martial law from 1918 to 1928, and again from 1937 to 1940.The Ukrainian language was suppressed, "educational and cultural institutions, newspapers and magazines were closed."Romanian authorities oversaw a renewed programme of Romanianization aiming its assimilationist policies at the Ukrainian population of the region. In addition to the suppression of the Ukrainian people, their language and culture, Ukrainian surnames were Rumanized, and the Ukrainian Orthodox Church was persecuted. In the 1930s an underground nationalist movement, which was led by Orest Zybachynsky and Denys Kvitkovsky, emerged in the region. The Romanian government suppressed it by staging two political trials in 1937.At the same time, Ukrainian enrollment at the Cernăuți University fell from 239 out of 1671, in 1914, to 155 out of 3,247, in 1933, while simultaneously Romanian enrollment there increased several times to 2,117 out of 3,247. In part this was due to attempts to switch to Romanian as the primary language of university instruction, but chiefly to the fact that the university was one of only five in Romania, and was considered prestigious.
In the decade following 1928, as Romania tried to improve its relations with the Soviet Union, Ukrainian culture was given some limited means to redevelop, though these gains were sharply reversed in 1938.According to the 1930 Romanian census, Romanians made up 44.5% of the total population of Bukovina, and Ukrainians (including Hutsuls) 29.1%. In the northern part of the region, however, Romanians made up only 32.6% of the population, with Ukrainians significantly outnumbering Romanians.
On 14 August 1938 Bukovina officially disappeared from the map, becoming a part of Ținutul Suceava, one of ten new administrative regions. At the same time, Cernăuți, the third most populous town in Romania (after Bucharest and Chișinău), which had been a mere county seat for the last 20 years, became again a (regional) capital. Also, Bukovinian regionalism continued under the new brand. During its first months of existence, Ținutul Suceava suffered far right (Iron Guard) uproars, to which the regional governor Gheorghe Alexianu (the future governor of the Transnistria Governorate) reacted with nationalist and anti-Semitic measures. Alexianu was replaced by Gheorghe Flondor on 1 February 1939.

 Division of Bukovina 
As a result of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, the USSR demanded not only Bessarabia but also the northern half of Bukovina and Hertsa regions from Romania on 26 June 1940 (Bukovina bordered Eastern Galicia, which the USSR had annexed during the Invasion of Poland). Initially, the USSR wanted the whole of Bukovina. Nazi Germany, which was surprised by the Soviet claim to Bukovina, invoked the German ethnics living in the region. As a result, the USSR only demanded the northern, overwhelmingly Ukrainian part, arguing that it was a "reparation for the great loss produced to the Soviet Union and Bassarabia's population by twenty-two years of Romanian domination of Bassarabia". Following the Soviet ultimatum, Romania ceded Northern Bukovina, which included Cernăuți, to the USSR on 28 June 1940. The withdrawal of the Romanian Army, authorities, and civilians was disastrous. Mobs attacked retreating soldiers and civilians, whereas a retreating unit massacred Jewish soldiers and civilians in the town of Dorohoi. The Red Army occupied Cernăuți and Storojineț counties, as well as parts of Rădăuți and Dorohoi counties (the latter belonged to Ținutul Suceava, but not to Bukovina). The new Soviet-Romanian border was traced less than 20 kilometres (12 miles) north of Putna Monastery. Until 22 September 1940, when Ținutul Suceava was abolished, the spa town Vatra Dornei served as the capital of Ținutul Suceava.

 Second World War 

In 1940, Chernivtsi Oblast (2⁄3 of which is Northern Bukovina) had a population of circa 805,000, out of which 47.5% were Ukrainians and 28.3% were Romanians, with Germans, Jews, Poles, Hungarians, and Russians comprising the rest. The strong Ukrainian presence was the official motivation for the inclusion of the region into the Ukrainian SSR and not into the newly formed Moldavian SSR. Whether the region would have been included in the Moldavian SSR, if the commission presiding over the division had been led by someone other than the communist leader Nikita Khrushchev, remains a matter of debate among scholars. In fact, some territories with a mostly Romanian population (e.g., Hertsa region) were allotted to the Ukrainian SSR.

After the instauration of Soviet rule, under NKVD orders, thousands of local families were deported to Siberia during this period, with 12,191 people targeted for deportation in a document dated 2 August 1940 (from all formerly Romanian regions included in the Ukrainian SSR), while a December 1940 document listed 2,057 persons to be deported to Siberia. The largest action took place on 13 June 1941, when about 13,000 people were deported to Siberia and Kazakhstan. The majority of those targeted were ethnic native Romanians, but there were (to a lesser degree) representatives of other ethnicities, as well.Until the repatriation convention of 15 April 1941, NKVD troops killed hundreds of Romanian peasants of Northern Bukovina as they tried to cross the border into Romania in order to escape from Soviet authorities. This culminated on 7 February 1941 with the Lunca massacre and on 1 April 1941 with the Fântâna Albă massacre.
During Soviet Communist rule in Bukovina, "private property was nationalized; farms were partly collectivized; and education was Ukrainianized. At the same time all Ukrainian organizations were disbanded, and many publicly active Ukrainians were either killed or exiled." A significant part of Ukrainian intelligentsia fled to Romania and Germany in the beginning of the occupation. When the conflict between the Soviets and Nazi Germany broke out, and the Soviet troops began moving out of Bukovina, the Ukrainian locals attempted to established their own government, but they were not able to stop the advancing Romanian army.Almost the entire German population of Northern Bukovina was coerced to resettle in 1940–1941 to the parts of Poland then occupied by Nazi Germany, during 15 September 1940 – 15 November 1940, after this area was occupied by the Soviet Union. About 45,000 ethnic Germans had left Northern Bukovina by November 1940.In the course of the 1941 attack on the Soviet Union by the Axis forces, the Romanian Third Army led by General Petre Dumitrescu (operating in the north), and the Fourth Romanian Army (operating in the south) regained Northern Bukovina, as well as Hertsa, and Bassarabia, during June–July 1941. It was organized as part of the Bukovina Governorate.
The Axis invasion of Northern Bukovina was catastrophic for its Jewish population, as conquering Romanian soldiers immediately began massacring its Jewish residents. Surviving Jews were forced into ghettoes to await deportation to work camps in Transnistria where 57,000 had arrived by 1941. One of the Romanian mayors of Cernăuți, Traian Popovici, managed to temporarily exempt from deportation 20,000 Jews living in the city between the fall of 1941 and the spring of 1942. Bukovina's remaining Jews were spared from certain death when it was retaken by Soviet forces in February 1944. In all, about half of Bukovina's entire Jewish population had perished. After the war and the return of the Soviets, most of the Jewish survivors from Northern Bukovina fled to Romania (and later settled in Israel).

 After the war 

In 1944 the Red Army drove the Axis forces out and re-established Soviet control over the territory. Romania was forced to formally cede the northern part of Bukovina to the USSR by the 1947 Paris peace treaty. The territory became part of the Ukrainian SSR as Chernivtsi Oblast (province). While during the war the Soviet government killed or forced in exile a considerable number of Ukrainians, after the war the same government deported or killed about 41,000 Romanians. As a result of killings and mass deportations, entire villages, mostly inhabited by Romanians, were abandoned (Albovat, Frunza, I.G.Duca, Buci—completely erased, Prisaca, Tanteni and Vicov—destroyed to a large extent). Men of military age (and sometimes above), both Ukrainians and Romanians, were conscripted into the Soviet Army. That did not protect them, however, from being arrested and deported for being "anti-Soviet elements".
As a reaction, partisan groups (composed of both Romanians and Ukrainians) began to operate against the Soviets in the woods around Chernivtsi, Crasna and Codrii Cosminului. In Crasna (in the former Storozhynets county) villagers attacked Soviet soldiers who were sent to "temporarily resettle" them, since they feared deportation. This resulted in dead and wounded among the villagers, who had no firearms.
Spring 1945 saw the formation of transports of Polish repatriates who (voluntarily or by coercion) had decided to leave. Between March 1945 and July 1946, 10,490 inhabitants left Northern Bukovina for Poland, including 8,140 Poles, 2,041 Jews and 309 of other nationalities. Most of them settled in Silesia, near the towns: Bolesławiec, Dzierżoniów, Gubin, Lubań Śląski, Lwówek Śląski, Nowa Sól, Oława, Prudnik, Wrocław, Zielona Góra, Żagań, Żary.Overall, between 1930 (last Romanian census) and 1959 (first Soviet census), the population of Northern Bukovina decreased by 31,521 people. According to official data from those two censuses, the Romanian population had decreased by 75,752 people, and the Jewish population by 46,632, while the Ukrainian and Russian populations increased by 135,161 and 4,322 people, respectively.After 1944, the human and economic connections between the northern (Soviet) and southern (Romanian) parts of Bukovina were severed. Today, the historically Ukrainian northern part is the nucleus of the Ukrainian Chernivtsi Oblast, while the southern part is part of Romania, though there are minorities of Ukrainians and Romanians in Romanian Bukovina and Ukrainian Bukovina respectively. Ukrainians are still a recognized minority in Romania, and have one seat reserved in the Romanian Chamber of Deputies.
In Romania, 28 November is a holiday observed as Bukovina Day. A popular Romanian-language song about the region is "Cântă cucu-n Bucovina" ("Sings the Cuckoo in Bukovina").

 Geography 
Bukovina proper has an area of 10,442 km2 (4,032 sq mi). The territory of Romanian (or Southern) Bukovina is located in northeastern Romania and it is part of the Suceava County (plus three localities in Botoșani County), whereas Ukrainian (or Northern) Bukovina is located in western Ukraine and it is part of the Chernivtsi Oblast.

 Population 

 Historical population 
The region was occupied by several now extinct peoples. After which it was settled by both Romanians (Moldavians) and Ukrainians (Ruthenians)  with the Antes controlling a large area that included Bukovina by the 6th century. Later, the region was part of Kievan Rus', and later still of the Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia. During this period it reinforced its ties to other Ukrainian lands, with many Bukovinian natives studying in Lviv and Kyiv, and the Orthodox Bukovinian Church flourishing in the region. After passing to Hungary in the 14th century, the Hungarian king appointed Dragoș as his deputy forming the principality of Moldavia, following the revolt of Bogdan the Founder against the Kingdom of Hungary, Bukovina became an integral part of the principality of Moldavia. Suceava, in the south of the territory, was the capital of Moldavia from the late 14th to the mid-16th century. The only data we have about the ethnic composition of Bukovina are the Austrian censuses starting from the 1770s. The Austrians hindered both Romanian and Ukrainian nationalisms. On the other hand, they favored the migration in Bukovina of Ukrainians from Galicia as well as Romanians from Transylvania and Maramureș.
According to the 1775 Austrian census, the province had a total population of 86,000 (this included 56 villages which were returned to Moldavia one year later). The census only recorded social status and some ethno-religious groups (Jews, Armenians, Roma, and German colonists). Historian Ion Nistor estimated that the 1774 population consisted of 52,750 Romanians (also called Moldavians) (73.5%), 15,000 Ruthenians and Hutsuls (20.9%) (of whom 6,000 were Hutsuls, and 9,000 were Ruthenian immigrants from Galicia and Podolia settled in Moldavia around 1766), and 4,000 others who "use the Romanian language in conversation" (5.6%), consisting of Armenians, Jews and Roma. Keith Hitchins on the other hand, estimated that in 1774 Bukovina's population numbered 51,920 people, consisting of 40,920 Romanians, 8,000 Ukrainians and 3,000 Germans, Jews, and Poles. According to Alecu Hurmuzaki, by 1848, out of a population of 377,581 people, 209,293 or 55,4% of the population was Romanian. At the same time, the Ukrainian population rose to 108,907 and the Jewish population surged from 526 in 1774, to 11,600 in 1848.
In 2011, an anthropological analysis of the Russian census of the population of Moldavia in 1774 asserted a population of 68,700 people in 1774, out of which 40,920 (59.6%) Romanians, 22,810 Ruthenians and Hutsuls (33.2%), and 7.2% Jews, Roma, and Armenians.Based on the above anthropological estimate for 1774 as well as subsequent official censuses, the ethnic composition of Bukovina changed in the years after 1775 when the Austrian Empire occupied the region. The population of Bukovina increased steadily, primarily through immigration, which Austrian authorities encouraged in order to develop the economy. Indeed, the migrants entering the region came from Ukrainian Galicia, as well as from Romanian Transylvania and Moldavia. Another Austrian official report from 1783, referring to the villages between the Dniester and the Prut, indicated Ruthenian-speaking immigrants from Poland constituting a majority, with only a quarter of the population speaking Moldavian. The same report indicated that Moldavians constituted the majority in the area of Suceava. H.F. Müller gives the 1840 population used for purposes of military conscription as 339,669.In 1843 the Ruthenian language was recognized, along with the Romanian language, as 'the language of the people and of the Church in Bukovina'.During the 19th century, as mentioned, the Austrian Empire policies encouraged the influx of migrants coming from Transylvania, Moldavia, Galicia and the heartland of Austria and Germany, with Germans, Poles, Jews, Hungarians, Romanians, and Ukrainians settling in the region. Official censuses in the Austrian Empire (later Austria-Hungary) did not record ethnolinguistic data until 1850–1851. The 1857 and 1869 censuses omitted ethnic or language-related questions. 'Familiar language spoken' was not recorded again until 1880.
The Austrian census of 1850–1851, which recorded data regarding languages spoken, shows 48.50% Romanians and 38.07% Ukrainians. Subsequent Austrian censuses between 1880 and 1910 reveal a Romanian population stabilizing around 33% and a Ukrainian population around 40%. From 1774 to 1910, the percentage of Ukrainians increased, meanwhile the one of Romanians decreased.According to the 1930 Romanian census, Bukovina had a population of 853,009. Romanians made up 44.5% of the population, while 27.7% were Ukrainians/Ruthenians (plus 1.5% Hutsuls), 10.8% Jews, 8.9% Germans, 3.6% Poles, and 3.0% others or undeclared.According to estimates and censuses data, the population of Bukovina was:

Note: e-estimate; c-census

 Current population 
The present demographic situation in Bukovina hardly resembles that of the Austrian Empire. The northern (Ukrainian) and southern (Romanian) parts became significantly dominated by their Ukrainian and Romanian majorities, respectively, with the representation of other ethnic groups being decreased significantly.
According to the data of the 2001 Ukrainian census, the Ukrainians represent about 75% (689,100) of the population of Chernivtsi Oblast, which is the closest, although not an exact, approximation of the territory of the historic Northern Bukovina. The census also identified a fall in the Romanian and Moldovan populations to 12.5% (114,600) and 7.3% (67,200), respectively. Russians are the next largest ethnic group with 4.1%, while Poles, Belarusians, and Jews comprise the rest 1.2%. The languages of the population closely reflect the ethnic composition, with over 90% within each of the major ethnic groups declaring their national language as the mother tongue (Ukrainian, Romanian, and Russian, respectively).
The fact that Romanians and Moldovans, a self-declared majority in some regions, were presented as separate categories in the census results, has been criticized in Romania, where there are complains that this artificial Soviet-era practice results in the Romanian population being undercounted, as being divided between Romanians and Moldovans. The Romanian minority of Ukraine also claims to represent a 500,000-strong community.The Romanians mostly inhabit the southern part of the Chernivtsi region, having been the majority in former Hertsa Raion and forming a plurality together with Moldovans in former Hlyboka Raion. Self-declared Moldovans were the majority in Novoselytsia Raion. In the other eight districts and the city of Chernivtsi, Ukrainians were the majority. However, after the 2020 administrative reform in Ukraine, all these districts were abolished, and most of the areas merged into Chernivtsi Raion, where Romanians are not in majority anymore.
The southern, or Romanian Bukovina reportedly has a significant Romanian majority (94.8%) according to Romanian sources, the largest minority group being the Romani people (1.9%) according to Romanian sources and Ukrainians, who make up 0.9% of the population (2011 census). Other minor ethnic groups include Lipovans, Poles (in Cacica, Mănăstirea Humorului, Mușenița, Moara, and Păltinoasa), Zipser Germans (in Cârlibaba and Iacobeni) and Bukovina Germans (in Suceava, Rădăuți, and Câmpulung Moldovenesc), as well as Slovaks and Jews (almost exclusively in Suceava, Rădăuți and Siret).
Concerns have been raised about the way census are handled in Romania. For example, according to the 2011 Romanian census, Ukrainians of Romania number 51,703 people, making up 0.3% of the total population. However, Ukrainian nationalists of the 1990s claimed the region had 110,000 Ukrainians. The Ukrainian descendants of the Zaporozhian Cossacks who fled Russian rule in the 18th century, living in the Dobruja region of the Danube Delta, also complained similar practices. In 1992, their descendants numbered four thousand people according to official Romanian statistics. However, the local community claims to number 20,000, five times the number stated by Romanian authorities. Rumanization, with the closure of schools and suppression of the language, happened in all areas in present-day Romania where the Ukrainians live or lived. The very term "Ukrainians" was prohibited from the official usage and some Romanians of disputable Ukrainian ethnicity were rather called the "citizens of Romania who forgot their native language" and were forced to change their last names to Romanian-sounding ones. In Bukovina, the practice of Romanization dates to much earlier than the 20th century. Since Louis of Hungary appointed Dragoș, Voivode of Moldavia as his deputy, there was an introduction of Romanians in Bukovina, and a process of Romanization that intensified in the 1560s.Places such as the etymologically Ukrainian Breaza and Moldovița (whose name in German is Russ Moldawitza, and used to be Ruska Moldavyda in Ukrainian), Șerbăuți and Siret used to have an overwhelming Ukrainian majority. In some places in southern Bukovina, such as Balkivtsi (Romanian: Bălcăuți), Izvoarele Sucevei, Ulma and Negostina, Ukrainian majority is still reported in Romanian census. On other hand in North Bukovina the Romanians used to be the biggest ethnic group in the city of Chernivtsi, as well as in the towns of Hlyboka and Storozhynets, and still are in Boiany and Krasnoilsk.

 Urban settlements 

 Southern Bukovina 

 Northern Bukovina 

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
Principality of Moldavia
Galicia, Central European historical region
Bukovina Germans
Székelys of Bukovina

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 
Valentina Glajar (1 January 2004). The German Legacy in East Central Europe as Recorded in Recent German-language Literature. Camden House. pp. 13–. ISBN 978-1-57113-256-7.
O. Derhachov, ed. (1996). Українська державність у ХХ столітті. (Ukrainian statehood of the twentieth century) (in Ukrainian). Politychna Dumka.
13.4 Notele ultimate ale guvernului sovietic din 26-27 iunie și răspunsurile guvernului roman (original version, in German – use English and French versions with caution)
Dumitru Covălciuc. Românii nord-bucovineni în exilul totalitarismului sovietic
Victor Bârsan "Masacrul inocenților", București, 1993, pp. 18–19
Ștefan Purici. Represiunile sovietice... pp. 255–258;
Vasile Ilica. Fântâna Albă: O mărturie de sânge (istorie, amintiri, mărturii). – Oradea: Editura Imprimeriei de Vest, 1999.
Marian Olaru. Considerații preliminare despre demografie și geopolitică pe teritoriul Bucovinei. Analele Bucovinei. Tomul VIII. Partea I. București: Editura Academiei Române, 2001
Țara fagilor: Almanah cultural-literar al românilor nord-bucovineni. Cernăuți-Târgu-Mureș, 1994
Anița Nandris-Cudla. Amintiri din viață. 20 de ani în Siberia. Humanitas, Bucharest, 2006 (second edition), (in Romanian) ISBN 973-50-1159-X
Jews of Bukovina on the Eve of the War. Secaucus, NJ: Miriam Weiner Routes to Roots Foundation. 1999. ISBN 978-0-9656508-0-9 – via Adapted by Dorcas Gelabert and Stephen Freeman.

 External links 
 Bukovina travel guide from Wikivoyage
 Media related to Bukovina at Wikimedia Commons

 Romanian Wikisource has original text related to this article: La Bucovina (Mihai Eminescu original poem in Romanian)

"Chernivtsi oblast (region) info page". Travel information on Ukrainian (Northern) Bukovina. Archived from the original on 2011-06-20.
Ukrainian Census results (in English and Ukrainian)
City of Chernivtsy (in Ukrainian)
The Metropolitanate of Moldavia and Bucovina (Romanian Orthodox Church) (in Romanian)
"Soviet Ultimatum Notes (University of Bucharest site)". Archived from the original on November 13, 2007. Retrieved December 30, 2005.
"detailed article about WWII and aftermath". Archived from the original on 2007-11-13. Retrieved 2006-04-17.:  CS1 maint: bot: original URL status unknown (link)
JEWISH GALICIA & BUKOVINA
Things to do when visiting Bucovina

Zong (mobile network)
CMPak Limited (Urdu: زونگ), doing business under brand name Zong, is a Pakistan based mobile data network operator, owned by the company China Mobile.
It is the first overseas setup of China Mobile through acquisition of a license from Millicom to operate a GSM network in Pakistan in 2008. 
Zong is a 100% subsidiary of China Mobile.It is Pakistan's second-largest mobile service provider with a subscriber base of 47 million, among which 33 million are 4G/LTE subscribers. With over 14,000 4G enabled sites across the country, it has a market share of 24% among cellular operators in the country.

 History 
Zong commenced operations as Paktel by Cable & Wireless in 1991. It was the first company granted a free license to carry out cellular phone services in Pakistan. It carried out AMPS services until 2004, when the company launched GSM services.
In 2003, Millicom Corporation, who at that time were majority owners of Instaphone, bought Paktel from Cable & Wireless. Millicom installed a new management team headed by John Tumelty, former CEO of Instaphone, and Chief Financial Officer David Ordman.
On 22 January 2007, Millicom International Cellular S.A. stated that it would sell its 88.86 percent stake in Paktel Limited to China Mobile for $284 million, which includes the repayment of intercompany debt. The sale implies an enterprise value for Paktel of $460 million, Millicom said in its press release. Merrill Lynch advised China Mobile on the transaction.
On 4 May 2007, Paktel Limited was renamed to China Mobile Pakistan. On May 16, 2007 China Mobile announced that it had increased its stake in CMPak to 100%.On 1 April 2008, Paktel was rebranded to Zong.

 Network 
China Mobile Pakistan has invested more than US$2 billion so far to build up network infrastructure in Pakistan since 2008. It will invest US$1 billion in next two to three year for next generation service roll-out.Zong has built the third-largest cellular network in the country with over 10,000 base stations. To go green, Zong has installed solar powered cell sites in various locations. It has country's largest solar power telecommunication network.
Its network base stations, microwave links, IT support and transmission towers are maintained and provided by ZTE Pakistan.Zong currently uses GSM, UMTS/HSPA+ and LTE technologies.

 Radio frequency summary 
Zong has refarmed 5 MHz of its 2100 MHz 3G spectrum for 4G. They are currently deploying (via carrier aggregation) 15 MHz of Band 3 (1800 MHz), and 10 MHz of Band 1 (2100 MHz) for LTE-A.

 Next generation mobile services 
On 23 April 2014, Pakistan concluded the auction for the next generation of mobile spectrum. Zong paid $516 million for a 10 MHz spectrum in the 2.1 GHz frequency range for 3G and a 10 MHz spectrum in the 1.8 GHz frequency range for 4G, making it Pakistan's first 3G and 4G operator.

 LTE Advanced (4G+) 
Zong has 4G+ (LTE-A) coverage in all major cities of Pakistan.

 5G Testing 
As of August 2019, Zong is the first of three mobile network operators in Pakistan to successfully conduct 5G trials. In the trial, speeds of up to 1.14 GB/s were achieved.

 Number scheming 
Zong uses the following numbering scheme:
+92 3 1  N1N2N3N4N5N6N7N8Where, 92 is the ISD code for Pakistan and is required when dialing outside the country, 3 is the mobile access code, and 1 is the prefix for Zong allocated by Pakistan Telecommunication Authority. Omitting +92 would require 0 instead to represent local call, hence 031 is the general prefix and N1N2N3N4N5N6N7N8 is the subscriber number.

 Zong Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) 
Zong plans to launch Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) Broadband internet. Initially the service will only be available in select areas of Karachi.

 Marketing 

 Stores 
Zong operates 22 customer service centres, 305 franchises, and 190,000 retail customer points nationwide.

 Slogans 
At the time of its launch in 2008, China Mobile Pakistan ran the advertising campaign for Zong with the tagline 'Say it all' (Urdu: سب کہہ دو).
China Mobile Pakistan ran advertising for Zong with new tagline 'A New Dream' (Urdu: ایک نیا خواب). In February, the company announced its new tagline is "Let's Get Digital".

 Products 
Zong offers prepaid, postpaid, ladies, and youth plans. The postpaid, ladies, and youth plans are branded as bizXcess, Flutter, and Circle. Moreover, it also offers data plans and branch-less banking.

 Mobile banking 

 Timepey 
Timepey was the mobile banking service offered by Zong in association with Askari Bank Limited from late 2012.
Timepey lets users pay utility bills, transfer money to specified recipients anywhere in the country, deposit and withdraw cash and carry out account transfers.

 PayMax 
Discontinuing Timepey in 2017, Zong relaunched its mobile financial services with a new brand "PayMax" in association with Askari Bank Limited. PayMax lets users pay utility bills, transfer money to specified recipients anywhere in the country, deposit and withdraw cash and carry out account transfers.

 Bank of Punjab partnership 
The Bank of Punjab rolled out internet banking in partnership with Wateen and Zong for operations to be carried out over the internet.

 See also 
List of mobile phone companies in Pakistan

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Telenor Pakistan
Telenor Pakistan (Private) Limited (Urdu: ٹیلی نار پاکستان) is a Pakistani wireless network operator headquartered in Islamabad, Pakistan. It is the second largest cellular network in Pakistan. Khurrum Ashfaque is the current chief executive officer (CEO) of the company.Telenor started its operations in Pakistan in March 2005. Over the years, Telenor invested more than $2 billion in terms of foreign direct investment (FDI) in Pakistan. In December 2023, Telenor decided to sell its subsidiary, Telenor Pakistan, to PTCL for just $380 million.As of November 2023, Telenor Pakistan has a total subscriber base of 44 million in Pakistan with a market share of 23%.

 History 
Telenor, a Norwegian telecommunications company, acquired a license for providing GSM services in Pakistan in April 2004, and launched its services commercially in Karachi, Islamabad, and Rawalpindi on 15 March 2005; it expanded its services to Lahore, Faisalabad and Hyderabad on 23 March 2005. Telenor Pakistan's corporate headquarters are in Islamabad, with regional offices in Peshawar, Lahore, Faisalabad, Multan, Hyderabad, Quetta and Karachi.In November 2017, Telenor Pakistan inaugurated its new headquarter named 345. The new headquarter was built at a cost of $80 million.

 Acquisition by PTCL Group 
After Telenor ASA announced in November 2022 that they would leave the Pakistani market, it was announced that PTCL Group would acquire 100% of Telenor Pakistan on 14 December 2023, subject to regulatory approvals. The Business Recorder reported that the sale was settled at 108 billion Pakistani rupees (US$385 million), while Dawn and NRK reported a price of 5.3 billion Norwegian kroner (US$493 million).

 Operations 

 Coverage 
Telenor Pakistan covers more than 80% of Pakistan's population in urban and rural areas with a network of over 12,000 cell sites of which 80% are 3G and 70% are 4G enabled. The company has been awarded a number of projects under Universal Service Fund (USF) of which the one currently in progress in the Broadband for Sustainable Development (BSD) program under which more than 100 new cell sites will be established to bring connectivity to 1.7 million in Dera Ismail Khan and Mohmand Agency. In the past, Telenor worked on USF Projects for cell site installation in Bahawalpur-Cholistan district in 2009 and provision of 3G services in Kohistan district in 2017.

 Radio Frequency 

 Sales and distribution 
Telenor Pakistan's distribution network has over 220,000 touch points across Pakistan that include franchises, sahulat ghars and retailers that offer GSM products and Easypaisa services. In 2017, company owned customer sales and service centers were converted to Digital Customer Touch Points that include Self Service Booths, IVR, web and social media customer services.

 Next generation mobile services (NGMS) 
Telenor is the first to officially launch 4.5G (LTE Advanced) in Pakistan. It has done so by aggregating two 4G bands, FDD-LTE Band 5 (850 MHz) and FDD-LTE Band 3 (1800 MHz), a portion of which has been re-farmed for 4G, it was previously used on the 2G (GPRS/EDGE) network. Telenor's LTE-A network was initially available in all major cities of Pakistan.

 VoLTE 
After conducting trials and internal testing, Telenor Pakistan launched Voice over LTE (VoLTE) on 29 January 2019. This makes it the first network in Pakistan to launch VoLTE. Telenor's VoLTE in Pakistan is based on an open source platform and has been developed in-house. Initially, support for other smartphone OEMs was not enabled despite claims of it being supported. Recently, Telenor's VoLTE services were enabled for select smartphone models, such as Oppo and Realme.

 5G Trials 
On 13 March 2020, Telenor had successfully conducted 5G Trials, achieving connectivity speeds in excess of 1.5Gbit/s. This also marked 15 years of its operation in Pakistan.

 Easypaisa 

In 2008, Telenor acquired majority shares of Tameer Microfinance Bank Limited for its mobile financial services project. They named the branchless banking service "Easypaisa" and launched it in October 2009. Easypaisa was Pakistan's first branchless banking deployment. Later 'Mobile Wallet' was introduced where normal Telenor Pakistan subscribers could now open a mobile account and make transactions themselves using their cellphones. Easypaisa was cited by CNN as the "model to follow" in launching mobile banking services.Easypaisa is Pakistan's first and largest mobile money service and third largest in the world (according to CGAP), catering to over 18 million customers. It currently has over 75,000 agents across Pakistan. In October 2014 Telenor Easypaisa introduced several types of accounts at different levels.Tameer Bank was acquired by Telenor Group in 2016 to become Telenor Microfinance Bank and Easypaisa became a part of the bank. ANT Financial Group which owns the global payment platform Alipay, acquired 45% stake in Telenor Bank for $184.5m in March 2018.

 Digital ecosystem 
Telenor Pakistan started off as a cellular service provider in 2005, but has diversified its offerings. Telenor Pakistan offers a number of 4G-enabled handsets including Telenor Infinity E3, Telenor Infinity E2 and Telenor Infinity A2. The company also provides its customers branded mobile handsets from Samsung and Motorola, in addition to 4G MiFi and 4G Wingle and 3G broadband devices such as 3G Wingle. The company launched Digital Customer TouchPoints in the form of kiosks.Telenor Velocity is Pakistan's first telco-led accelerator.

 See also 
Djuice
List of mobile phone companies in Pakistan

 References 

 External links 
Official website

St. Mary's County Sheriff's Office
The St. Mary's County Sheriff's Office is the primary law enforcement agency servicing St. Mary's County, Maryland. It has a direct jurisdiction of 764 square miles (1,980 km2) servicing (as of 2010) a population of 105,151 people.

 History 
The St. Mary's Sheriff's Office is one of the oldest documented sheriff's offices in the United States, starting with James Baldridge in 1637. As the county was established in 1634 along with Virginia's first eight counties, there most likely was a sheriff appointed at that time, however no documentation has been found prior to 1637.  Sheriffs in St. Mary's County have been determined by election since 1776. 
Joseph Lee Somerville became the first African American sheriff of St. Mary's County, and the first in the state of Maryland, and only the sixth in the entire country, when he was appointed in 1977. He served until 1982.The current Sheriff is Steven A. Hall with an authorized strength of 151 deputy sheriffs.   </ref>

 Divisions 
The Sheriff's Office is divided into five divisions: Administration, Patrol, Corrections, Criminal Investigations (which includes Narcotics and Vice investigations) and Special Operations.
The Sheriff's Office also has two highly trained emergency teams: The Emergency Services Team (EST-composed of sworn deputy sheriffs), and the Emergency Response Team (ERT-composed of correctional officers)

 Administration 
Commanded by Captain David Yingling (https://www.firstsheriff.com/Command.asp) the Administration Division is composed of both sworn and professional staff.  The sections and personnel that fall under the direction of the Administrative Division Commander include:
·         Resa
·         Fiscal
·         Personnel and Recruiting
·         CALEA Coordinator
·         Systems Administrator
·         Police Services Specialist
·         Property 

 Patrol 
The Patrol Division is responsible for the general law enforcement duties in the county, including first responder to motor vehicle accidents, 9-1-1 calls and traffic enforcement.    Patrol is currently commanded by Captain Stephen Simonds.

 Corrections 
The Corrections Division is responsible for the security, custody and control of adults sentenced or awaiting trial in the Detention Center.  The division has both full-time correctional officers and professional Correctional staff and contract officers.  The division is commanded by Captain Warden Mary Ann Thompson.

 Criminal Investigations 
Criminal Investigations is composed of detectives and crime scene investigators, and is responsible for investigating major crimes. The division is commanded by Captain Edward Willenborg.

 Special Operations 
Some of the units and functions that fall under the direction of the Special Operations Division Commander include:
·         Judicial Section
o        Court Security
o        Child Support Enforcement
o        Civil Process
·         K-9 Section
·         Training and Education
·         Traffic Safety and Motors
·         Community Policing
·         Crime Prevention
·         School Resource Officers
·         Alcohol Enforcement
·         Emergency Services Team
·         Armorer
·         Police ATV Program
·         Color Guard
·         Volunteer Program
The Special Operations Division (SOD) is currently commanded by Captain Richard Russell.
.

 See also 
List of law enforcement agencies in Maryland

 References 

 External links 
St. Mary's County Sheriff official website

Butler County Regional Transit Authority
Butler County Regional Transit Authority, also stylized as BCRTA, is the primary provider of mass transportation in Butler County, Ohio with twelve routes serving the region. As of 2019, the system provided 620,233 rides over 70,789 annual vehicle revenue hours with 18 buses and 17 paratransit vehicles.

 History 
Public transit in Hamilton began with horsecars in 1875, with Middletown beginning horsecar service in 1879. Horsecars in both cities were replaced with electric streetcars in the 1880s and 1890s, which in turn were replaced by buses in 1918 in Middletown and in 1932 in Hamilton.The BCRTA will be fare-free through 2024. Service from Middletown to West Chester and Cincinnati has been proposed numerous times in recent years. The service would utilize commuter buses and provide express service to downtown Cincinnati. Previously commuter buses connected Middletown, Monroe and Dayton, where riders could transfer to the Dayton RTA.

 Service 
Butler County RTA operates 12 regular weekday bus routes centered on Middletown and Oxford. Four routes operate in Middletown, five in Oxford, with three regional services connecting Hamilton, Middletown and Oxford. The R6 Job Connecter provides connections to SORTA in Springdale.Hours of operation for the system are Monday through Friday from 6:00 A.M. to 11:00 P.M. Service in Middletown is provided from 8:30 A.M. to 4:30 P.M. on Saturdays. There is no service on Sundays. Fixed route services are fare-free.

 Routes 

 Regional 
R1 Hamilton/Middletown Shuttle
R3 Hamilton/Oxford Connector
R6 Job Connector

 Oxford local 
U1 Campus Core
U1W Campus Core w/Wal-Mart Flyer
U3 Tollgate Loop
U4 Western Campus/North Loop
U4D Western Campus/North Loop w/Ditmer Flyer

 Middletown local 
Blue Line
Green Line
Gold Line
Red Line

 Express Routes 
CincyLink Express

 Fixed route ridership 
The ridership statistics shown here are for fixed route services only and do not include demand response services.

 See also 
List of bus transit systems in the United States
SORTA
Hamilton station
Oxford station

 References 

 External links 
Butler County RTA

Fresh Hits 96
Fresh Hits 96 is a compilation album released in 1996. As a part of the Hits compilation series, it contains UK hit singles from the first half of 1996. The album reached number 2 on the UK compilations chart.

 Track listing 

 Disc one 
Fugees - "Killing Me Softly (Album Version without intro)"
Los del Río - "Macarena (Bayside Boys Mix)"
Mark Morrison - "Crazy (Phil Chill Radio Edit)"
Peter Andre - "Mysterious Girl (Radio Edit)"
Ant & Dec - "Better Watch Out (Radio Edit)"
The Tony Rich Project - "Nobody Knows"
Toni Braxton - "You're Makin' Me High (Radio Edit)"
Celine Dion - "Because You Loved Me"
Simply Red - "We're in This Together"
Baddiel and Skinner and The Lightning Seeds - "Three Lions"
Backstreet Boys - "We've Got It Goin' On (Radio Edit)"
Louise - "Naked"
George Michael - "Freedom! '90"
Everything but the Girl - "Walking Wounded"
Livin' Joy - "Don't Stop Movin' (Radio Mix)"
Eternal - "Good Thing"
Robert Miles - "Fable (Dream Radio)"
DJ Dado - "The X-Files (Radio Edit)"
De'Lacy - "That Look"
Alison Limerick - "Where Love Lives (Dancing Divas '96 Radio Edit)"
Apollo 440 - "Krupa (@440 Edit)"
Underworld - "Born Slippy"

 Disc two 
Manic Street Preachers - "A Design for Life"
Ash - "Oh Yeah"
Kula Shaker - "Tattva"
Suede - "Trash"
Ocean Colour Scene - "The Day We Caught the Train"
Sleeper - "Sale of the Century"
Oasis - "Champagne Supernova"
The Presidents of the United States of America - "Peaches"
Lush - "500 (Shake Baby Shake)"
Space - "Female of the Species (Radio Edit)"
3T - "24/7 (Radio Edit)"
Lighthouse Family - "Lifted
M-Beat featuring Jamiroquai - "Do U Know Where You're Coming From (Original Mix)"
Busta Rhymes - "Woo-Hah!! Got You All in Check (Album Radio Edit)"
Bone Thugs-n-Harmony - "Tha Crossroads (D.J. U-neek's Mo Thug Remix)"
SWV - "You're the One"
R. Kelly - "I Can't Sleep Baby (If I) (Radio Edit)"
The Divine Comedy - "Something for the Weekend
Robson & Jerome - "Daydream Believer"

 External links 
Discogs entry for Fresh Hits 96

Mihir Goswami
Mihir Goswami is an Indian politician from the state of West Bengal. He was a member of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly from 1996 to 2001 and 2016–2021, from the Cooch Behar Dakshin constituency. He was the chairman of NBSTC (North Bengal State Transport Corporation). He was a member of Trinamool Congress party until 2020, when he joined the Bharatiya Janata Party. He currently represents the Natabari.

 Political career 
He was District Youth Congress President in undivided Congress (When Mamata Banerjee State Youth Congress President). He won the Cooch Behar Uttar (Vidhan Sabha constituency) seat in 1996 as an Indian National Congress candidate. Later, he joined the All India Trinamool Congress in 1998. Later, he won the same seat again in the 2016 (Cooch Behar Dakshin) West Bengal Legislative Assembly election.He resigned from the TMC and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party on 27 November 2020, having resigned his offices on 31 October. He was elected from the  Natabari (Vidhan Sabha constituency) constituency in the 2021 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election as a BJP candidate.

 References 

 External links 
West Bengal Legislative Assembly
Mihir Goswami on Twitter

Meow Mix
Meow Mix is a variety of dry and wet cat food known for its advertising jingle.  It is a product of The J.M. Smucker Company as of March 23, 2015. Meow Mix was introduced in 1974 and sells many flavors, including Original Choice and Seafood Medley. It also is known for selling Alley Cat dry cat food. Their current slogan is "it's the only brand cats ask for by name."

 Overview 
The Meow Mix Company operates from a 200,000-square-foot (19,000 m2) facility in Decatur, Alabama and produces Alley Cat brand cat food products.  Originally a product of Ralston Purina, Meow Mix was divested for antitrust reasons in the early 2000s. The brand was acquired by Del Monte Foods in May, 2006. Their most famous slogan is, "Tastes so good, cats ask for it by name."
The company was acquired by Cypress Group, a New York-based private equity firm in a $425 million leveraged buyout in 2003.  Three years later, Del Monte Foods acquired the company for $705 million.  The company had also been owned by J.W. Childs Associates which acquired the business in 2001 for $160 million.  On March 23, 2015, parent company Big Heart Pet Brands was acquired by The J.M. Smucker Company for $5.8 billion.

 Jingles 
"The Meow Mix Theme" was written by Shelly Palmer in 1970. The idea came from Ron Travisano, at the advertising agency of Della Femina Travisano and Partners, who had the account with Ralston Purina in 1974. The first TV spot aired in 1974, and consisted of animals walking across the screen. Travisano put together film footage with editor Jay Gold, looping images of a cat to make it look like it was singing. The music was then composed by Tom McFaul of the jingle house Lucas/McFaul, one of the major jingle-composing houses at the time. Working from Travisano's film, McFaul wrote and produced music to fit, with the actual meowing performed by professional singer Linda November. Travisano then came up with the idea of adding English "translation" subtitles, along with a bouncing ball pointing out the words, which often reflected the specific flavor(s) of Meow Mix product being advertised and changed from commercial to commercial.

 Use in torture 
"The Meow Mix Theme" was used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency as part of torture and interrogation programs.

 See also 
Think Like a Cat
Purina
Whiskas

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Claude Humbert Piarron de Chamousset
Claude Humbert Piarron de Chamousset (1717 – April 1773) was a French master at the Court of Auditors, physician and philanthropist.
He did struggle against the overcrowded hospitals (several patients in a single bed) and used his own fortune to take care of poor people in his own hotel. That example was followed, and the 'Hotel-Dieu" was reformed according to his principles.
He is quoted in the "Mémoires" of Madame de Genlis (chapter III).
Born in Paris, he was the originator of mutual benefit societies. According to A. Piron (1838), in 1758 he established a new postal system at Paris charging two sols for a single letter under one ounce, replacing the earlier postal system established in 1653 by Jean-Jacques Renouard de Villayer.
He is buried at Saint-Nicolas-du-Chardonnet (5th arrondissement of Paris)  28 April 1773A monument in his honor was realized by Francis de Saint-Vidal (1840–1900), built at the intersection between rue Bonaparte and rue de l'Abbaye in Saint-Germain-des-Prés and inaugurated 3 September 1900 by President Émile Loubet.

 References 

 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Wood, James, ed. (1907). "Chamousset". The Nuttall Encyclopædia. London and New York: Frederick Warne. p. 133.

Jeremy Burge
Jeremy Burge (born 14 July 1984) is an Australian emoji historian, founder of Emojipedia, creator of World Emoji Day and widely regarded as an expert on emoji.Business Insider listed Burge in the UK Tech 100 in 2016, 2017 and 2018 referring to him as "The Emoji Maestro" while other publications have used terms such as "Emoji King" or "Lord of Emojis". The New Yorker dubbed Burge "The Samuel Johnson of Emoji" in 2020.

 Emojipedia 
In July 2013, Burge started the emoji reference site Emojipedia, after wondering how long the doughnut emoji had been in existence, and not being able to find an answer on Google or Wikipedia. The Sydney Morning Herald reported the site had 23 million page views per month in 2017.Burge was Chief Emoji Officer at Emojipedia between 2016 and 2022, overseeing all editorial content on the site.During his time at Emojipedia, Burge worked with professional sportspeople Tony Hawk and Sasha DiGiulian to improve the accuracy of Emojipedia's sample images for the skateboard and rock climber respectively. Jenken Magazine reported: "While they were on the phone one day, Hawk sent Burge a picture of his own board" which was used as the basis of Emojipedia's revised skateboard design.In 2021, Emojipedia served over 500 million annual page views. Emojipedia was acquired by Zedge in August 2021 for an undisclosed amount.

 Unicode 
Currently representing Emojipedia on the Unicode Technical Committee, Burge previously held a position as vice-chair of the Unicode Emoji Subcommittee from 2017 to 2019.Described as a leading authority on emoji use, Burge urged Apple to rethink its plan to convert the handgun emoji symbol into a water pistol icon in 2016, citing cross-platform confusion. Emoji flags for England󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿, Scotland󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 and Wales were added to the Unicode Standard in 2017 after a formal proposal co-authored by Burge was approved. Rather than individual code points, they are represented by tag sequences.
Speaking to Crikey in 2022, Burge spoke against superfluous emoji additions: “representation is important but I’m not sure we need another abacus or lab coat emoji”.

 Writing 
Burge has been a regular news contributor to Emojipedia and responsible for many of the initial emoji definitions on the reference website. Additionally he has written for publications such Six Colors, Medium, and The Internet Review. InAugust 2023, Radio New Zealand reported that Burge was writing for Mobile Tech Journal.In 2019, Burge raised the issue of Facebook using user-submitted phone numbers for undocumented purposes, and in 2020, he identified TikTok accessing user clipboard data on every keystroke.

 Podcasting 
Burge hosted Emoji Wrap, a podcast from Emojipedia covering "global emoji news and trends" between August 2016 and December 2020 interviewing guests including Mark Davis, Myke Hurley, Jason Snell and Christina Warren. The Guardian notes that Google product manager Agustin Fonts was "hesitant about shifting to a water pistol" when discussing the Android gun emoji with Burge on the Emoji Wrap podcast.Between 2017 and 2023, Burge appeared frequently on podcasts from Relay FM and The Incomparable.

 Public speaking 
The Evening Standard reported that Burge "lectured on the history and social impact of emojis" at TEDxEastEnd at London's Hackney Empire in 2017. In addition, Burge has spoken at conferences such as The Next Web in Amsterdam, Smart Future in Riga, Design Matters in Copenhagen and Úll in Killarney.Institutions that have hosted Burge include Eton College, Eye Magazine, Google, London Design Museum, The British Library, and University College London.

 World Emoji Day 
World Emoji Day is a "global celebration of emoji" created by Burge in 2014. According to the New York Times, he created the day on "July 17 based on the way the calendar emoji is shown on iPhones". Burge told Axios in 2017 that "Tim Cook tweeted about [World Emoji Day] this year so I was kind of excited about that".In 2017 Burge discussed the origin of World Emoji Day and Emojipedia at AOL BUILD, attended the lighting of the Empire State Building "emoji yellow" with The Emoji Movie voice cast Patrick Stewart, Maya Rudolph and Jake T. Austin, and announced the winners of the annual World Emoji Awards from the New York Stock Exchange.Saks Fifth Avenue hosted a "Saks Celebrates World Emoji Day" red carpet event in 2017 which was attended by Burge. On World Emoji Day 2019, Burge attended the launch of an exhibition at the National Museum of Cinema and spoke alongside Unicode Consortium co-founder Mark Davis at The British Library.Burge claimed to “relax and enjoy it [World Emoji Day] at least once” in 2022, after stepping down from Emojipedia.

 Personal life 
Burge was born in Western Australia, and educated at Assumption College, Kilmore before graduating from Deakin University. In the spring of 2019 Burge moved onto a 53 ft narrowboat named Dottie M and gained popularity on TikTok with viral clips navigating rivers and canals of the United Kingdom.

 References 

 External links 

Jeremy Burge's personal page

List of Carolina Panthers head coaches
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football club based in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play in the southern division of the National Football Conference (NFC), one of the two conferences of the National Football League (NFL). Since the team began play in 1995, there have been nine head coaches. In the NFL, head coaches are responsible for managing the team and setting the game plan; play-calling duties are either made by the head coach or delegated by him to an assistant coach.The team's first head coach, Dom Capers, led the team for its first four seasons, recording a regular-season record of 30–34 (.469 winning percentage). in 1996. Capers was named coach of the year by Pro Football Weekly/PFWA in 1995 and 1996; he was also awarded coach of the year by several other organizations in 1996, including the Associated Press, the Maxwell Football Club, Sporting News, and United Press International. After Capers' dismissal following the 1998 season, the team brought in George Seifert as their second head coach. Over Seifert's three seasons the team never made the playoffs and the team had a regular-season record of 16–32 (.333 winning percentage). John Fox, the team's third coach, was the longest-tenured coach in team history. In his nine seasons as head coach the Panthers recorded a regular-season record of 73–71 (.507), the most wins for a head coach in team history, and a playoff record of 5–3. The team's fourth head coach, Ron Rivera, served nine seasons as head coach and had a record of 76–63–1 (.546) during his tenure, with a 3–4 record in the playoffs. Rivera has the highest winning percentage of any coach in team history. Rivera led the team to a record four playoff appearances, including three straight division titles.Of the nine Panthers head coaches, Seifert, Matt Rhule, and Frank Reich have not led the team to the playoffs. Capers led the team to a playoff appearance in the 1996 season, winning once at home before losing in the NFC Championship Game to the Green Bay Packers. Fox led the team to three playoff appearances (2003, 2005, and 2008), winning the NFC Championship in 2003 before losing in Super Bowl XXXVIII to the New England Patriots and making the NFC Championship game in 2005 before losing to the Seattle Seahawks. Rivera led the team to three straight playoff appearances from 2013 to 2015, culminating in a loss in Super Bowl 50. He returned the team to the playoffs in 2017, losing in the Wild Card round.
On January 25, 2024, the team agreed to terms with Buccaneers offensive coordinator Dave Canales as the seventh head coach in franchise history Thursday.
"Dave's background is rooted in success," Panthers owner David Tepper said. "He has an innovative mindset and positive energy that connects well with players and staff. We are impressed with his ability to bring out the best in players."

 Key 

 Coaches 
Note: Statistics are correct as of end of the 2023 NFL season.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Carolina Panthers at NFL.com

Johor Darul Ta'zim II F.C.
Johor Darul Ta'zim Football Club II (; Malay: Kelab Bolasepak Johor Darul Ta'zim II) or simply JDT II is a Malaysia football club based in Johor Bahru, Johor. The club currently plays in the MFL Cup, the u-23 development professional football league in Malaysia. Johor Darul Ta'zim II is a feeder club for Johor Darul Ta'zim.

 History 
Johor Darul Ta'zim II was founded as Johor Football Association (then known as Johor FA or simply Johor) in 1955 and are known as one of the "second-wave" football teams to participate in Malaysian football league (first-wave are Kedah and Selangor.). In its early years, the team was based in Kluang, Johor under the guidance of its Johor Football Association. In 1964, the southern-side team moved to Tan Sri Dato' Haji Hassan Yunos Stadium. Few changes in the management of Johor Football Association in the 1970s saw Datuk Suleiman Mohd Noor appointed as president and team manager. Under his management, the team rose as a formidable team in the football scene. This was proven some years later when Johor won Piala Razak trophy in 1983 and their first ever Malaysia Cup trophy in 1985 and also Piala Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah (better known as Piala Sumbangsih) in 1986 under then coach, Ahmad Esa.
When the Malaysia football league went Semi-Pro in 1989, Johor was the first team to win the Malaysia Cup and the Malaysia League in 1991, thus achieved a "Grand Double", first ever by a team in this country during that Semi-Pro period. It was also a second Malaysia Cup for the Johor team. In 1992, Johor finished seventh in the league, their worst standings since 1989. This was proven crucial for the former coach, Michael Urukalo, as he was dismissed and replaced by Wan Jamak Wan Hassan. Johor see off their 1993 season well, standing at fifth position even without two of their cup-winners import players, Abbas Saad and Alistair Edwards. The team then went on with years of trophyless drought until 1998, when they won their first FA Cup. The next season saw the team clinching promotion to top division in winning the Liga Premier title. Johor had a tough seasons in the Premier One League and finally were relegated back to Premier Two League in 2001 after two years in top-flight division.
For the 2006–07 Liga Premier competition, Johor FA decided to compete under the sponsored name Johor PBT Pasir Gudang (or Johor Pasir Gudang). They were given the green light by Football Association of Malaysia on 9 January 2007 to compete under the new name. Reasons behind the change for the team's name are controversial because the team had to merged with now-defunct Pasir Gudang United F.C. which caused an unrest amongst supporters. However, there are another reason because the Pasir Gudang Local Authority (PBTPG), now known as Majlis Perbandaran Pasir Gudang (MPPG), is Johor FA's main sponsor during that season.
Under rebranding exercise done under ownership of Tunku Ismail Ibrahim of all Johor football in 2014, Johor FA football team is rebranded to Johor Darul Ta'zim FC II and is now operating as the second team of Johor Darul Ta'zim FC (JDT). Acting as reserve team to JDT, both teams now are permitted to transfer several players between them in a season, without the restriction of registration windows. Under this agreement, a player contracted to JDT may make several appearances with JDT II, and vice versa.

 Club's names 
1955–2006    : Johor Football Association
2006–2008    : Johor Pihak Berkuasa Tempatan Pasir Gudang (merge with Pasir Gudang United FC)
2009–2013    : Johor Football Association
2014–present : Johor Darul Ta'zim Football Club (reserve team) (merge with Johor FC to become Johor Darul Ta’zim FC)

 Stadium 

 Pasir Gudang Corporation Stadium 
Prior 2020, Johor Darul Ta'zim II FC played their home games at Pasir Gudang Corporation Stadium (Malay: Stadium Perbadanan Pasir Gudang). It is a multi-use stadium in Pasir Gudang, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia. It has both an indoor stadium and an outdoor stadium within its compound.The outdoor stadium can hold a maximum of 15,000 people and is currently used mostly for football matches, serving as the home stadium to Johor Darul Ta'zim II in the Liga Premier.

 Tan Sri Dato' Haji Hassan Yunos Stadium 
Starting from 2020 season onward, Johor Darul Ta'zim II FC will play their home games at Tan Sri Dato' Haji Hassan Yunos Stadium after their main team, Johor Darul Ta'zim FC move to Sultan Ibrahim Stadium.

 Stadium and locations 

 Achievements 

 Honours 

 Domestic 

 League 
Malaysia Super League / Division 1Winners (1): 1991
Runners-up (1): 1985Malaysia Premier League / Division 2Winners (2): 1999, 2022
Runners-up (1): 2019Malaysia FAM League / Division 3
Runners-up (3): 1959, 1966, 1973

 Cups 
Malaysia CupWinners (2): 1985, 1991
Runners-up (1): 1986Malaysia Challenge CupWinners (1): 2019Malaysian FA CupWinners (1): 1998Malaysia Charity ShieldWinners (1): 1986
Runners-up (2): 1992, 1999MFL CupRunners-Up (1): 2023Crown Prince of Johor CupWinners (1): 2012

 International 
 Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah CupWinners: 1987

 Players 

 Current squad 
As of 24 February 2023Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Coaching staff 

 Managerial history 
Head coaches by years (2014–present)

 References 

 External links 
Official website (in English)

Adventure (1946 film)
Adventure is a 1946 American romantic drama film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Clark Gable and Greer Garson. Based on the 1937 novel The Anointed by Clyde Brion Davis, the film is about a sailor who falls in love with a librarian. Adventure was Gable's first postwar film and the tagline repeated in the movie's famous trailer was "Gable's back and Garson's got him!" Gable had suggested "He put the arson in Garson," while Garson proposed "She put the able in Gable."

 Plot 
When his ship is torpedoed by a Japanese submarine, Harry Patterson (Clark Gable), a World War II merchant marine boatswain, is cast adrift on a launch with a few of his shipmates. While Harry remains calm in the face of disaster, his friend Mudgin (Thomas Mitchell) prays desperately, promising to avoid women, liquor, and fighting and to donate money to the church if they are saved. Harry finds Mudgin's pleas ridiculous, but no sooner does Mudgin complete his pact with God than a rescue plane appears on the horizon and the men are saved.
They are then deposited in San Francisco where they engage in "R&R" care, grooming, dinners, and fun to celebrate their rescue. Mudgin quickly breaks all his promises to God soon after and becomes depressed, certain that he has "lost his immortal soul."
Mudgin's shipmates laugh off his concerns, but Harry realizes that Mudgin is truly wracked with guilt and they take a walk, arriving at the city library, because Mudgin and Harry think there may be some helpful information on the subject of the human soul there.
Here, Harry and Mudgin meet the attractive, strait-laced librarian Emily Sears (Greer Garson). Although intrigued by Emily, Harry repeatedly angers her with his wiseguy remarks and inappropriate behavior. However, his attention turns swiftly to her outgoing roommate, Helen Melohn (Joan Blondell), who has stopped in to walk her home. Harry and Helen decide to go on a date and convince a reluctant Emily to join them. At the restaurant, Emily stuns Harry when she abandons her reserved demeanor and joins a bar fight. Astounded, Harry decides to pursue Emily's affections and arranges to meet the two women the following day to visit Emily's farm outside the city.
Charmed by Emily and her family farmhouse which includes the big bed in which she was born, Harry and Emily soon fall completely in love and get married in Reno in a wild expression of love of life. However, upon their return to her farm, he tells Emily that he will be shipping out in a few days, which comes as a shock to Emily, who promptly asks for a divorce, insisting that she is just being a free spirit and giving Harry his freedom, as the best expression of love. Harry sails away, and Emily and pals go back to Reno for the quick divorce. But in Reno, with "the girls", Emily faints - the doctor called declares that she is pregnant with Harry's child.
While docked in a South American port city, Mudgin falls off the ship and claims, before dying in Harry's arms, that his soul has been returned to him.  A wise elderly gentleman, a friend (whose son died in the ship disaster at the film's start), gives Harry a good talking to when Harry complains about his relationship with Emily.
Nine months after his departure, now ready to commit to love and marriage, Harry comes back to San Francisco and finds out from Helen that Emily has long since given up on him and went to her farm to give birth to his child - insisting the baby born in the same bed she was.
Harry follows and arrives just as Emily goes into labor, so the meeting and reunion are brief - there is just time to give Emily reason to hope in improvements in Harry's character; he shares sad news of Mudgin's death, but it was peaceful and happy because Mudgin says his soul returned and he'd now go to heaven.
Waiting, Harry paces outdoors with Emily upstairs in labor, until Helen calls him in saying that Emily is fine and that he has a little boy, but there is trouble.
Harry races upstairs to the room across the bedroom set up to see to the baby. The child is stillborn, in spite of the efforts of Doctor, nurses and aide and Harry positions himself at the Doctor's side and won't be moved.   The Doctor finally gives up trying to get the baby to breathe, sadly turning away, but then Harry moves in and crying, calls desperately to the baby to breathe, breathe - for him, for his mother - whatever - but breathe. And we have the miracle as the little chest rises and the child's triumphant howl is astoundingly heard.
In the hall, happy tearful Helen hugs Harry as he races back across to Emily's side, thrilled to hear their baby, but she says she is just as moved to have heard Harry and his passion to save the child - finally honest caring sentiment. They decide to call the baby Mudgin, after their lost friend, and the film closes as Harry and Emily share a tender kiss, with baby's joyful cries in the background.

 Cast 
Clark Gable as Harry Patterson
Greer Garson as Emily Sears
Joan Blondell as Helen Melohn
Thomas Mitchell as Mudgin
Tom Tully as Gus
John Qualen as Model T
Richard Haydn as Limo
Lina Romay as Maria
Philip Merivale as "Old" Ramon Estado
Harry Davenport as Dr. Ashlon
Tito Renaldo as "Young" Ramon Estado
Pierre Watkin as Mr. Buckley (uncredited)
Betty Blythe as Mrs. Buckley (uncredited)

 Reception 
According to MGM records, the film earned $4,236,000 in the US and Canada and $1,848,000 elsewhere resulting in a profit of $478,000.

 References 

 External links 
Adventure at the American Film Institute Catalog
Adventure at IMDb 
Adventure at the TCM Movie Database
Adventure at AllMovie

Fourteenth Doctor
The Fourteenth Doctor is an incarnation of the Doctor, the protagonist of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who. He is portrayed by Scottish actor David Tennant, who previously portrayed the Tenth Doctor and was last seen on the programme in that role in 2013.
Within the series' narrative, the Doctor is a millennia-old alien  who is thought to be a Time Lord from the planet Gallifrey, with somewhat unknown origins, who travels in time and space in the TARDIS, frequently with companions. Usually at the end of each incarnation's life, the Doctor regenerates; as a result, the physical appearance and aspects of the personality of the Doctor changes. Tennant's second incarnation is similar to the Tenth Doctor, compassionate and adventurous, but more openly sentimental, holding onto a sense of melancholy and nostalgia.
Initially it had been announced that the Thirteenth Doctor, played by Jodie Whittaker, would be succeeded as the programme's lead by a Fourteenth Doctor portrayed by Ncuti Gatwa. Upon Whittaker's final appearance as the character, she instead regenerated into a form similar to that of the Tenth Doctor. This character was confirmed to be the Fourteenth Doctor, with later clarification that Gatwa would portray the Fifteenth Doctor.The Fourteenth Doctor appeared in three special episodes in 2023 commemorating Doctor Who's 60th anniversary, which were executive produced by Russell T Davies, who also returned to the series after having previously executive produced the show from 2005 to 2010.

 Casting 
Actor Ncuti Gatwa was announced in May 2022 as the actor who would take over from actress Jodie Whittaker in the role following a series of special episodes throughout 2022. At the end of the final special, "The Power of the Doctor", it was revealed following Whittaker's regeneration the Doctor had regenerated into an incarnation portrayed by David Tennant. Tennant had previously starred in the programme as the Tenth Doctor from 2005 to 2010, and is the first actor to portray two different incarnations of the character over multiple episodes. The return of a previous actor as a new incarnation of the Doctor was previously proposed by Doctor Who co-creator Sydney Newman in a 1986 exchange with then-BBC One controller Michael Grade after the dismissal of Sixth Doctor actor Colin Baker; Newman specifically envisioned Patrick Troughton, who portrayed the Second Doctor, returning for one series before regenerating into a female incarnation. Fourth Doctor actor Tom Baker had also returned in the 2013 special "The Day of the Doctor" as the Curator, suggested to be a possible incarnation of the Doctor.Gatwa was confirmed to eventually be starring in the role as the Fifteenth Doctor, with executive producer Russell T Davies stating "The path to Ncuti's 15th Doctor is laden with mystery, horror, robots, puppets, danger and fun!"Tennant and Catherine Tate appeared as the Fourteenth Doctor and Donna Noble in three special episodes to commemorate the programme's 60th anniversary in November 2023. Yasmin Finney also made her debut as Rose Noble.

 Costume 
The Fourteenth Doctor has a similar appearance to the Tenth, though slightly older, as well as a similar hairstyle and facial stubble. His clothes are also very similar, only with a single-breasted waistcoat and trousers of maroon and turquoise tartan replacing the pinstripe business suits on top of the white shirt, and a double-breasted overcoat of navy blue tweed rather than the looser cinnamon brown Alcantara overcoat the Tenth Doctor wore. His tie was also made of charcoal and silver tweed, and his Converse trainers are papyrus orange. These clothes regenerated with his appearance from the Thirteenth Doctor's, rather than him choosing them like in most of his previous regenerations. Davies later explained that he wished for the Doctor's clothes to change as part of the first regeneration from a female to a male Doctor, fearing it would be interpreted as a mockery of feminine traits and drag culture by having Tennant appearing in clothing designed for Whittaker.In an interview with BBC News following the announcement of his role reprisal, Tennant commented on his Doctor's appearance saying that "to a sort of casual viewer, I look like I'm sort of dressed in the same way as I used to be. But actually we've gone for something that's sort of the same, but different. That has echoes of the past, but it's also a bit something of the now as well."

 Appearances 
The Fourteenth Doctor first appears at the conclusion of "The Power of the Doctor" immediately following the Thirteenth Doctor's regeneration. The Doctor notices that his appearance has reverted to the similar form to the Tenth Doctor, albeit slightly older, and that his clothes have also changed. The following month, Doctor Who Magazine announced that their monthly comic strip would feature the Fourteenth Doctor in Liberation of the Daleks, a story that picks up straight after the ending of "The Power of the Doctor", depicting roughly the first hour of the Fourteenth Doctor's life.Liberation of the Daleks leads directly into the Fourteenth Doctor's next televised appearance – a minisode aired during the Children in Need telethon on the 17th November 2023, informally titled Destination: Skaro.On 24 November 2023 Tennant appeared in-character as the Fourteenth Doctor for the CBeebies Bedtime Story.As part of Doctor Who's 60th anniversary specials, the Fourteenth Doctor next appears in "The Star Beast". Arriving in Camden Town, the Doctor bumps into former companion Donna Noble (Catherine Tate) – who had her memory of the Doctor wiped following a Time Lord biological metacrisis by him in his similar-looking tenth incarnation – and her daughter Rose (Yasmin Finney). Teaming up with UNIT's incumbent scientific advisor Shirley Bingham (Ruth Madeley), the Doctor is forced to trigger the metacrisis, granting Donna access to the knowledge that will enable them to save London from destruction. Donna seems to perish, until it is revealed that Rose had inherited some of her mother's repressed Time Lord abilities, allowing the DoctorDonna's powers to be shared safely between the two, untill they're able to voluntarily expell the powers. 
Later on, Donna spills a cup of coffee on the TARDIS console, forcing it into an uncontrolled dematerialisation. After a brief encounter with Sir Isaac Newton (Nathaniel Curtis), the TARDIS crash lands aboard a spaceship which is adrift at the farthest edge of the universe. When they return to Camden, a few days after their departure, they discover Wilf (Bernard Cribbins) has been keeping watch for the TARDIS, who warns them that the world is coming to an end.
The Doctor and Donna team up with UNIT, where the Doctor is reunited with Shirley, Melanie Bush (Bonnie Langford) and Kate Lethbridge-Stewart (Jemma Redgrave), to combat a plot by the Toymaker (Neil Patrick Harris) to create global anarchy. In the ensuing battle, the Fourteenth Doctor is shot by the Toymaker, but instead of regenerating, the Doctor "bi-generates" – a supposedly mythical Time Lord process where the new incarnation splits off as a separate physical entity. The Fourteenth Doctor teams up with the new Fifteenth Doctor (Ncuti Gatwa) to defeat the Toymaker, and later use the power of his domain to duplicate the TARDIS. The Fifteenth Doctor warns his predecessor that he's worn himself out and needs to process the psychological impact of recent events. The Fourteenth Doctor settles down with Donna, her family, while the Fifteenth Doctor goes off in his version of the TARDIS for new adventures.

 References 

Leah Lum
Leah Lum (born May 12, 1996), also known by the Chinese name Lin Qiqi (Chinese: 林绮琪), is a Canadian ice hockey forward and member of the Chinese national ice hockey team, currently playing in the Professional Women's Hockey League (PWHL) with Montreal.
Lum represented China in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing and at the 2022 IIHF Women's World Championship Division I Group B, where she tied teammate Rachel Llanes (Lin Ni) for most goals (7) and most points (15) scored in the tournament.

 Playing career 
Lum scored 102 points in 148 games with the UConn Huskies women's ice hockey program in the Hockey East (WHEA) conference of the NCAA Division I. In her last year with the Huskies, she served as alternate captain.After graduating, Lum signed with the Shenzhen KRS Vanke Rays of the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL), who had drafted her 11th overall in the 2018 CWHL Draft. She stayed with the team as it moved to the Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL) after the collapse of the CWHL in 2019 and was named to the ZhHL All-Star Game in 2020. As of August 2022, she ranks fourth on the Shenzhen KRS all-time record lists for most goals (28), assists (52), points (80), and games played (104).

 References 

 External links 
Biographical information and career statistics from Eliteprospects.com, or Eurohockey.com
Lin Qiqi at Olympedia

Legacy of Alan Turing
Alan Turing  (; 23 June 1912 – 7 June 1954) was an English mathematician, computer scientist, logician, cryptanalyst, philosopher, and theoretical biologist. He left an extensive legacy in mathematics, science, society and popular culture.

 Awards, honours, and tributes 

Turing was appointed an officer of the Order of the British Empire 1946.  He was also elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1951. Several things are named in his honour:

 Posthumous tributes 
Various institutions have paid tribute to Turing by naming things after him including:

A biography published by the Royal Society shortly after Turing's death, while his wartime work was still subject to the Official Secrets Act, recorded:

 Three remarkable papers written just before the war, on three diverse mathematical subjects, show the quality of the work that might have been produced if he had settled down to work on some big problem at that critical time. For his work at the Foreign Office he was awarded the OBE.
Since 1966, the Turing Award has been given annually by the Association for Computing Machinery for technical or theoretical contributions to the computing community. It is widely considered to be the computing world's highest honour, equivalent to the Nobel Prize.On 23 June 1998, on what would have been Turing's 86th birthday, his biographer, Andrew Hodges, unveiled an official English Heritage blue plaque at his birthplace in Warrington Crescent, London, later the Colonnade Hotel. To mark the 50th anniversary of his death, a memorial plaque was unveiled on 7 June 2004 at his former residence, Hollymeade, in Wilmslow, Cheshire.
On 13 March 2000, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines issued a set of postage stamps to celebrate the greatest achievements of the 20th century, one of which carries a portrait of Turing against a background of repeated 0s and 1s and is captioned: "1937: Alan Turing's theory of digital computing". On 1 April 2003, Turing's work at Bletchley Park was named an IEEE Milestone. On 28 October 2004, a bronze statue of Turing sculpted by John W. Mills was unveiled at the University of Surrey in Guildford, marking the 50th anniversary of Turing's death; it portrays him carrying his books across the campus.Turing was one of four mathematicians examined in the BBC documentary entitled Dangerous Knowledge (2008). The Princeton Alumni Weekly named Turing the second most significant alumnus in the history of Princeton University, second only to President James Madison. A 1.5-ton, life-size statue of Turing was unveiled on 19 June 2007 at Bletchley Park. Built from approximately half a million pieces of Welsh slate, it was sculpted by Stephen Kettle, having been commissioned by the American billionaire Sidney Frank.
Turing has been honoured in various ways in Manchester, the city where he worked towards the end of his life. In 1994, a stretch of the A6010 road (the Manchester city intermediate ring road) was named "Alan Turing Way". A bridge carrying this road was widened and carries the name Alan Turing Bridge A statue of Turing was unveiled in Manchester on 23 June 2001 in Sackville Park, between the University of Manchester building on Whitworth Street and Canal Street.  The memorial statue depicts the "father of computer science" sitting on a bench at a central position in the park, holding an apple. The cast bronze bench carries in relief the text "Alan Mathison Turing 1912–1954" and "IEKYF ROMSI ADXUO KVKZC GUBJ". The latter is described as "a motto as encoded by the German 'Enigma'". A plaque at the statue's feet reads "Father of Computer Science, Mathematician, Logician, Wartime Codebreaker, Victim of Prejudice", followed by a Bertrand Russell quotation: "Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty, a beauty cold and austere like that of sculpture."
In 1999, Time magazine named Turing as one of the 100 Most Important People of the 20th century and stated, "The fact remains that everyone who taps at a keyboard, opening a spreadsheet or a word-processing program, is working on an incarnation of a Turing machine."In 2002, Turing was ranked twenty-first on the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons following a UK-wide vote. In 2006, British writer and mathematician Ioan James chose Turing as one of twenty people to feature in his book about famous historical figures who may have had some of the traits of Asperger syndrome. In 2010, actor/playwright Jade Esteban Estrada portrayed Turing in the solo musical, Icons: The Lesbian and Gay History of the World, Vol. 4. In 2011, in The Guardian's "My hero" series, writer Alan Garner chose Turing as his hero and described how they had met while out jogging in the early 1950s. Garner remembered Turing as "funny and witty" and said that he "talked endlessly". In 2006, Turing was named with online resources as an LGBT History Month Icon. In 2006, Boston Pride named Turing their Honorary Grand Marshal.
The logo of Apple Inc. is often erroneously referred to as a tribute to Turing, with the bite mark a reference to his death. Both the designer of the logo and the company deny that there is any homage to Turing in the design. Stephen Fry has recounted asking Steve Jobs whether the design was intentional, saying that Jobs' response was, "God, we wish it were." In February 2011, Turing's papers from the Second World War were bought for the nation with an 11th-hour bid by the National Heritage Memorial Fund, allowing them to stay at Bletchley Park.In 2012, Turing was inducted into the Legacy Walk, an outdoor public display that celebrates LGBT history and people.The song "Alan et la Pomme", by francophone singer-songwriter Salvatore Adamo, is a tribute to Turing. Turing's life and work featured in a BBC children's programme about famous scientists, Absolute Genius with Dick and Dom, first broadcast on 12 March 2014.
On 17 May 2014, the world's first work of public art to recognise Turing as gay was commissioned in Bletchley, close by to Bletchley Park where his war-time work was carried out. The commission was announced to mark International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia. The work was unveiled at a ceremony on Turing's birthday, 23 June 2014, and is placed alongside busy Watling Street, the old main road to London, where Turing himself would have passed by on many occasions. On 22 October 2014, Turing was inducted into the NSA Hall of Honor.In 2014 Turing was one of the inaugural honorees in the Rainbow Honor Walk, a walk of fame in San Francisco's Castro neighborhood noting LGBTQ people who have "made significant contributions in their fields."In February 2019, in the BBC eight-part TV series Icons: The Greatest Person of the 20th Century, Turing was voted by viewers to be the Greatest Person.In July 2019, the Bank of England announced that Turing's portrait would appear on the next edition of the Bank of England £50 note, to be released in 2021. He is the first openly gay person to appear on a banknote.In 2021, Turing's former residence, Hollymeade, on Adlington Road, Wilmslow, was offered for sale by estate agent Savills, having previously been sold in 2013.

 Centenary celebrations 

To mark the 100th anniversary of Turing's birth, the Turing Centenary Advisory Committee (TCAC) co-ordinated the Alan Turing Year, a year-long programme of events around the world honouring Turing's life and achievements. The TCAC, chaired by S. Barry Cooper with Turing's nephew Sir John Dermot Turing acting as Honorary President, worked with the University of Manchester faculty members and a broad spectrum of people from Cambridge University and Bletchley Park.
On 23 June 2012, Google featured an interactive doodle where visitors had to change the instructions of a Turing Machine, so when run, the symbols on the tape would match a provided sequence, featuring "Google" in Baudot-Murray code.The Bletchley Park Trust collaborated with Winning Moves to publish an Alan Turing edition of the board game Monopoly. The game's squares and cards have been revised to tell the story of Turing's life, from his birthplace in Maida Vale to Hut 8 at Bletchley Park. The game also includes a replica of an original hand-drawn board created by William Newman, son of Turing's mentor, Max Newman, which Turing played on in the 1950s.In the Philippines, the Department of Philosophy at De La Salle University-Manila hosted Turing 2012, an international conference on philosophy, artificial intelligence, and cognitive science from 27 to 28 March 2012 to commemorate the centenary birth of Turing. Madurai, India held celebrations with a programme attended by 6,000 students.
There was a three-day conference in Manchester in June, the Alan Turing Centenary Conference, a two-day conference in San Francisco, organised by the ACM, and a birthday party and Turing Centenary Conference in Cambridge organised at King's College, Cambridge, and the University of Cambridge, the latter organised by the association Computability in Europe.The Science Museum in London launched a free exhibition devoted to Turing's life and achievements in June 2012, to run until July 2013. In February 2012, the Royal Mail issued a stamp featuring Turing as part of its "Britons of Distinction" series. The London 2012 Olympic Torch flame was passed on in front of Turing's statue in Sackville Gardens, Manchester, on the evening of 23 June 2012, the 100th anniversary of his birth.
On 22 June 2012 Manchester City Council, in partnership with the Lesbian and Gay Foundation, launched the Alan Turing Memorial Award, which will recognise individuals or groups who have made a significant contribution to the fight against homophobia in Manchester.At the University of Oxford, a new course in Computer Science and Philosophy was established to coincide with the centenary of Turing's birth.Previous events have included a celebration of Turing's life and achievements, at the University of Manchester, arranged by the British Logic Colloquium and the British Society for the History of Mathematics on 5 June 2004.

 Portrayals 

 Animation 
In the web series Super Science Friends, Turing is featured as a side character that helps inventor Nikola Tesla.

 Biographies 
Alan Turing: The Enigma is a 1983 biography of Turing by British mathematician Andrew Hodges.

 In cyberspace 
In the shared alternate history of Ill Bethisad (1997 and after), Alan Turing was a mathematician, computer scientist, logician, etc. in much the same way as reality. Like his real life counterpart, the fictional alternate universe version of Turing devised the Turing machine and the "Turing" version of the Church–Turing thesis. During the "Second Great War" (the equivalent of World War II), Turing worked for the British government, breaking codes produced by the German Enigma machine by a machine partially created by him called the "Bombe".

 In theatre 
Breaking the Code is a 1986 play by Hugh Whitemore about Turing. The play ran in London's West End beginning in November 1986 and on Broadway from 15 November 1987 to 10 April 1988. In these performances Turing was played by Derek Jacobi. The Broadway production was nominated for three Tony Awards including Best Actor in a Play, Best Featured Actor in a Play, and Best Direction of a Play, and for two Drama Desk Awards, for Best Actor and Best Featured Actor. Turing was again portrayed by Jacobi in the 1996 television film adaptation of Breaking the Code.
In 2012, in honour of the Turing Centennial, American Lyric Theater commissioned an operatic exploration of the life and death of Turing from composer Justine F. Chen and librettist David Simpatico. Titled The Life and Death(s) of Alan Turing, the opera is a historical fantasia on the life of Turing. In November 2014, the opera and several other artistic works inspired by Turing's life were featured on Studio 360. The opera received its first public performance in January 2017. In February 2019, Chicago Opera Theater presented the orchestra workshop, and on March 23 & 25, 2023, the company presented the fully staged world premiere at the Harris Theater for Music and Dance in Chicago, IL.

 In literature 
Turing was the subject of a clerihew written by the pupils of his alma mater, Sherborne School in England:
In William Gibson's 1984 Neuromancer, the Turing police are an international agency with jurisdiction over AIs.
Turing is featured in the Neal Stephenson 1999 novel Cryptonomicon.
The 2000 Doctor Who novel The Turing Test features Turing and the writer Graham Greene.
The 2006 novel A Madman Dreams of Turing Machines contrasts fictionalised accounts of the lives and ideas of Turing and Kurt Gödel.
The 2009 novel Fall of Man in Wilmslow by David Lagercrantz is a fictional account of the investigation of Alan Turing's death written from the point of view of the investigating police officer.
The 2015 novel Speak, written by Louisa Hall, includes a series of fictional letters written from Turing to his best friend's mother throughout his life, detailing his research about artificial intelligence.
In the graphic novel series Über, in which a fictionalised version of WWII plays out involving superhuman soldiers called "Tank-Men", Turing is one of the researchers as well as a Tank-Man himself.
Turing is featured in Ian McEwan's 2019 novel, Machines Like Me ISBN 978-1787331662.

 In music 
Electronic music duo Matmos released an EP titled For Alan Turing in 2006, which was based on material commissioned by Dr. Robert Osserman and David Elsenbud of the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute. In one of its tracks, an original Enigma Machine is sampled.
In 2012, Spanish group Hidrogenesse dedicated their LP Un dígito binario dudoso. Recital para Alan Turing (A dubious binary digit. Concert for Alan Turing) to the memory of the mathematician.
A musical work inspired by Turing's life, written by Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe of the Pet Shop Boys, entitled A Man from the Future, was announced in late 2013. It was performed by the Pet Shop Boys and Juliet Stevenson (narrator), the BBC Singers, and the BBC Concert Orchestra conducted by Dominic Wheeler at the BBC Proms in the Royal Albert Hall on 23 July 2014.
Codebreaker is also the title of a choral work by the composer James McCarthy. It includes settings of texts by the poets Wilfred Owen, Sara Teasdale, Walt Whitman, Oscar Wilde and Robert Burns that are used to illustrate aspects of Turing's life. It was premiered on 26 April 2014 at the Barbican Centre in London, where it was performed by the Hertfordshire Chorus, who commissioned the work, led by David Temple with the soprano soloist Naomi Harvey providing the voice of Turing's mother.
Turing, a two-act opera with music by Anno Schreier and libretto by Georg Holzer. Premiere 26 November 2022 at the Nürnberg Staatstheater, conducted by Guido Johannes Rumstadt, with Martin Platz in the title role.

 In film 
Codebreaker, original UK title Britain's Greatest Codebreaker, is a TV film that aired on 21 November 2011 by Channel 4 about Turing's life. It had a limited release in the US beginning on 17 October 2012. The story is told as a discussion between Turing and his psychiatrist Dr. Franz Greenbaum. The story is based on journals maintained by Greenbaum and others who have studied Turing's life as well as some of his colleagues.
The historical drama film The Imitation Game, directed by Morten Tyldum and starring Benedict Cumberbatch as Turing and Keira Knightley as Joan Clarke, was released in the UK on 14 November 2014 and released theatrically in the US on 28 November 2014. The story, loosely based on Hodges' 1983 biography, concentrates on the period of Turing's life where he breaks the Enigma code with other codebreakers in Bletchley Park. It received the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in 2015. It was a tremendous success, bringing in $233.6 million for a production cost of $14 million.

 References 

Dance the Night
"Dance the Night" is a song by English-Albanian singer Dua Lipa from Barbie the Album, the soundtrack of the film Barbie (2023). Lipa and Caroline Ailin wrote it with its producers Andrew Wyatt and Mark Ronson, and the Picard Brothers also contributed production. Atlantic and Warner Records released it as the soundtrack's lead single on 25 May 2023. A pop and disco song that features cello, violin, viola, guitar and bass in its instrumentation, "Dance the Night" is about dancing throughout the night despite enduring sadness. Its release was accompanied by a music video, which features a cameo appearance of Barbie writer and director Greta Gerwig Dua Lipa performed “Dance the Night” at the 66th Grammy Awards.
"Dance the Night" reached number-one on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Dua Lipa's fourth number-one single in the country. In the United States, the song peaked at number six on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the singer's fifth top-ten single in the country. Elsewhere, "Dance the Night" reached number-one in Ireland and Belgium while it peaked within the top-ten in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Russia and Switzerland. It was nominated for Song of the Year and Best Song Written for Visual Media at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards and for Best Original Song at the 81st Golden Globe Awards.

 Background and release 
In April 2023, it was announced that Dua Lipa had joined the cast of Greta Gerwig's upcoming fantasy comedy film Barbie. She recorded original music for the film's soundtrack, Barbie the Album. On 22 May 2023, Lipa announced its lead single, "Dance the Night", would be released on 26 May. This marked her first musical output since the conclusion of her Future Nostalgia (2020) album release cycle. Official Charts Company's George Griffiths commented the song's snippet sounded like a return "to the disco-soaked sonics of Future Nostalgia...with a plastic sheen, of course". The snippet soundtracked a clip in which Lipa steps out of fleecy heels, recreating a shot of Margot Robbie's arched foot in the second Barbie trailer, before blowing a kiss to the camera; the lyric "Just come along for the ride!" plays over a glinting disco groove. Vulture's Jennifer Zhan remarked its release marked the death of a viral meme about Lipa's hip twist, as news about it replaced the latter atop search results.Before signing on to produce the Barbie soundtrack, producer Mark Ronson received a text from his friend George Drakoulias that simply stated, "Barbie?" Before production, director Greta Gerwig needed a disco song that would be the basis of highly choreographed dance number, so she sent Ronson a playlist of what she was looking for. Ronson and colleague Andrew Wyatt created a backing track that Gerwig loved and used for dance rehearsals. This song would later become "Dance the Night".A 10-second instrumental snippet of the song was included in the first teaser of Barbie.

 Composition 
"Dance the Night" is two minutes and 56 seconds long. Andrew Wyatt, Mark Ronson, and the Picard Brothers produced the song. Wyatt plays bass and synthesizer, Ronson plays guitar and Rhodes piano, the Picard Brothers play keyboards and programmed it with its engineer Brandon Bost. It features cello, violin, and viola in its instrumentation, and it was mixed by Serban Ghenea with assistance from Bryce Bordone."Dance the Night" is a pop and disco song.  It is performed in the key of B minor and at a tempo of 110 beats per minute, with Lipa's vocals ranging from G♯3 to B4. The song incorporates "classic strings and funky bass". Variety's Thania Garcia described it as "a slick, disco-pop number". In the chorus, Lipa sings the lyrics: "Watch me dance the night away / My heart could be burnin' but you won't see it on my face / Watch me dance, dance the night away / I still keep the party running". She compares the tears streaming down her face while she cries to diamonds.

 Reception 
On May 28, 2023, Billboard listeners voted "Dance the Night" as their favorite new release of the week.

 Year-end lists 

 Commercial performance 
"Dance the Night" debuted at number 20 on the UK Singles Chart issued for 2 June 2023. On the chart issued dated 28 July 2023, the song ascended to number four, becoming Dua Lipa's 13th top-ten single in the country. On the chart issued dated 25 August 2023, the song reached number-one, becoming Lipa’s fourth UK number-one hit. In Ireland the song debuted at number 12 on the Irish Singles Chart, peaking at number-one on August 18, 2023, becoming the singer's fourth number-one hit in the country.On June 10, "Dance the Night" debuted at number 43 on the Billboard Hot 100. In the week ending September 16, 2023, the song peaked at number 6 on the chart, becoming Dua Lipa's fifth top-ten hit in the country. In the week ending September 16, 2023, the song hit number one on the Pop Airplay chart as well as the Adult Top 40 as her fifth number one single on both charts. In Canada, "Dance the Night" reached number four on the Canadian Hot 100, becoming the singer fourth top-five song.In Australia, the song made its debut at position 22 on the ARIA Singles Chart, peaking at number three for week of 7 August 2023. It peaked at number five in New Zealand.  Elsewhere, "Dance the Night" reached the top 15, at number one in Bulgaria, Croatia, Israel, and Wallonia, number two in Lebanon,  Paraguay, and CIS, number six in Slovakia, and number 11 in Uruguay.

 Music video 
The accompanying music video for "Dance the Night" was released alongside the song. It features a cameo appearance of Barbie director Greta Gerwig, and clips from the film featuring Margot Robbie, Issa Rae, Emma Mackey, and other cast members. The video has a pink set, and Lipa learns new choreography in it after discovering a disco ball that had been ordered for the shoot has collapsed to the ground. She dances atop a huge Barbie heel, and the cameos occur during a disco party, after which Gerwig vacates her director's chair to praise Lipa's performance and question the events that led up to the disco ball's destruction. Fans theorized that the smashed disco ball signaled the end of Lipa's Future Nostalgia era; the theory was corroborated by Ronson in an interview with Vulture. Pitchfork's Evan Minsker summarised the clip: "Lipa lead[s] a troupe of dancing disco balls, get[s] behind the wheel of a Barbie-pink convertible, and dance[s] on a hot pink stage." It features life-sized perfume bottles, and Larisha Paul of Rolling Stone stated that it is "as much glitter and glam as it is escapism and unease".

 Accolades 

 Credits and personnel 
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of Barbie the Album.
Andrew Wyatt – producer, composer, bass, synthesizer
Mark Ronson – producer, composer, guitar, Rhodes piano
Picard Brothers – producer, programming, keyboards
Dua Lipa – lyricist
Caroline Ailin – lyricist
Clarice Jensen, Alan Stepansky, Caitlin Sullivan, Susannah Chapman, Joel Noyes, Sarah Kwon – cello
Lisa Kim, Matt Lehmann, Jungsun Yoo, Jennifer Kim, Joanna Maurer, Annaliesa Place, Ann Kim, Tallie Brunfelt, Henry Wang, Kristi Helberg, Jeongmin Lee, Peter Bahng, Angela Lee, Julia Choi, Sein Ryu, Jeremia Velazquez – violin
Danielle Farina, Michael Roth, Robert Meyer, Alexis Sykes, Will Frampton, Torron Pfeffer – viola
Brandon Bost – engineer, programming
Cameron Gower-Poole – vocal engineer, vocal producer
Alex Venguer – additional recording
Serban Ghenea – mixing
Bryce Bordone – mixing assistant
Kostas Michaloudis – assistant engineer

 Charts 

 Certifications 

 Release history 

 References 

Christ the King Chapel (Christendom College)
Christ the King Chapel is a Catholic chapel located on the campus of Christendom College in Front Royal, Virginia, United States. The $30 million chapel replaced the college's former church building, also named Christ the King Chapel, that was used from 1995 until the new chapel was completed. After a two-year fundraising campaign that began in 2016, groundbreaking took place in 2018 and the dedication was held on April 15, 2023. Those in attendance for the dedication and Mass included Michael F. Burbidge, bishop of the Diocese of Arlington, and Cardinal Francis Arinze.
The Gothic Revival chapel, designed by O'Brien & Keane and easily visible to people traveling on nearby Interstate 66, is in the shape of a cross. It features a 114-foot (34.7 m) tall crossing tower, two bell towers, and a piazza.  A cornerstone blessed by Pope Benedict XVI is in the building's façade. There are over 100 stained-glass windows in the building. Interior details include a Lady Chapel, a pipe organ featuring 2,825 pipes, four shrines, and ten statues. A golden oculus in the crossing tower is surrounded by painted figures.  

 History 

 Planning 
Christendom College in Front Royal, Virginia, is a Catholic liberal arts college founded in 1977. The college's first chapel was a repurposed building constructed in the 1940s and later expanded in 1988. A new building, also named Christ the King Chapel, opened in 1995 and was consecrated by Cardinal Jan Pieter Schotte. Due to increased enrollment in the 21st century, the college outgrew the chapel and plans were made to build a larger structure.College officials chose to build a much larger, Gothic Revival chapel on the highest point of the campus, visible to people traveling on nearby Interstate 66.  In 2008, the cornerstone was brought to Vatican City, where it was blessed by Pope Benedict XVI. He was also shown the new chapel's building plans and remarked "It is beautiful." According to Timothy T. O'Donnell, president of Christendom College, Gothic-styled architecture was chosen for the new chapel to "epitomize the name Christendom" and evoke the Middle Ages.In 2016, the college began a fundraising campaign named "A Call to Greatness." The goal was to raise $40 million by 2018 when Christendom would celebrate its 40th anniversary. The campaign was to build the new chapel, double the college's endowment, and to increase the funds available for student aid. Within two years the campaign had raised $45 million.

 Construction 
A groundbreaking ceremony took place in September 2018 shortly after Michael F. Burbidge, bishop of the Diocese of Arlington, blessed the construction site. Hoar Construction was chosen as the general contractor and, following initial site work and gathering necessary permits, work began on the chapel's construction in the summer of 2019. O'Brien & Keane was the architectural firm chosen to design the chapel. The building's stained-glass windows were designed and restored by the Beyer Studio.In January 2020, a topping-out ceremony took place at the construction site. College officials, along with students and alumni, gathered to sign the last beam that was later installed. The McShane Bell Company made the chapel's twelve bronze bells that were "baptized" in November 2020 during the Feast of Christ the King. Construction continued during the COVID-19 pandemic and the chapel's two steeples were added in late 2021. Beginning in January 2023, the handcrafted pipe organ was installed. The instrument, which has 2,825 pipes and took 14 months to construct, was made by Kegg Pipe Organ Builders. After it was built, the organ was disassembled and delivered from Ohio to the chapel via tractor trailers.Alumni, staff, and students assisted with the construction process. Examples include Sharon Hickson, a professor at Christendom, who assisted with decorating the chapel's interior. Corey Morgan, a graduate of Christendom, detailed wood for the chapel's interior. A large portion of the wood Morgan used came from trees on the college campus. Another alumna, Mandy Hain, worked with other artists to paint portions of the chapel, including the tower's ceiling and the Sanctus located above the sanctuary. Hain died before the chapel was dedicated and the college plans to install a memorial plaque in the future.A few months before Benedict XVI's death in December 2022, he wrote a letter to Christendom's president:
Dear Doctor O'Donnell,
You kindly informed me about the consecration of the new Chapel at Christendom College, which will take place on April 15, 2023.
As I had the privilege to bless the cornerstone for the new Chapel, it fills me with joy that this beautiful Church is now almost completed and will be consecrated and dedicated to Christ the King in the coming year. It is my wish, and my prayer, that this Chapel may be a visible expression that the truth and love of Christ continue to animate, to guide, and to distinguish the activities of Christendom College.
Invoking God's abundant blessings upon you, the professors, students, and staff of Christendom College, I am fraternally yours in Christ.

Benedictus XVI

 Dedication and usage 
On April 13, 2023, a ribbon-cutting ceremony took place for the new $30 million chapel, which began a weekend of planned events for the building's dedication. The dedication on April 15 was attended by approximately 700 people, including college officials, alumni, and donors. Bishop Burbidge and Cardinal Francis Arinze were among those in attendance. Twenty-five of the alumni in attendance are ordained priests. EWTN, a Catholic-interest television network, aired the event live.Prior to the dedication and Mass, religious officials gathered at the old Christ the King Chapel, which college officials plan to convert into additional class space and a Catholic cultural center. The officials proceeded to the piazza where they joined the rest of the attendees. During the event, the choir and the rest of those in attendance recited the Litany of the Saints and sang hymns. A relic of Thomas Aquinas was deposited into the altar by Burbridge. He later blessed the altar and, along with Christendom chaplain Father Marcus Pollard and Deacon Andrew W. Clark of nearby St. John the Baptist Church, anointed the chapel's walls with incense. Communion took place before the final blessing and conclusion of the event.Members of the public are able to visit the chapel. The college plans to hold graduation ceremonies in the chapel, along with religious events, and the building will be available for weddings. Special events will also take place on the piazza.

 Design 

 Exterior 
The Gothic Revival chapel is 24,000 square feet (2,230 sq m) and seats 750 people. The building is in the shape of the Christian cross. The chapel's crossing tower is 114 feet (34.7 m) tall and the two bell towers at the entrance measure 35 feet (10.7 m). The twelve bells inside the towers are each named after one of the Twelve Apostles. The doors are made of mahogany and red oak. The piazza, which is planned to include statues and fountains, is in front of the chapel. The cornerstone blessed by Benedict XVI, which features his coat of arms and shield, is located in the façade.

 Interior 
According to architect James O'Brien, whose company designed the chapel, the building's two prominent features are the interior's height, which is meant to uplift people, and the stained-glass windows. Inside the sanctuary are twelve columns representing the Twelve Apostles.There are 114 stained-glass windows in the chapel depicting saints and Biblical events. Some of the windows were repurposed from the old Christ the King Chapel. The rose window on the façade features seven exterior sections, each depicting an angel that holds an image representing liberal arts (rhetoric, grammar, logic, astronomy, mathematics, geometry, and music). The center portion of the rose window depicts Mary, mother of Jesus. The stained-glass windows in the nave depict Saint Peter and Saint Paul.The pipe organ is located in the upstairs balcony. The High Altar, Altar of Sacrifice, altar rail, and the four shrines located on either side of the chapel, were installed by Rugo Stone. The four shrines depict the crucifix, the Sacred Heart, Our Lady of Fátima, and the last features the Divine Mercy image and images of Saint Faustina and Pope John Paul II. Plans for the Crucifix Shrine include stained-glass windows depicting Our Lady of Sorrows, the eclipse on Good Friday, and John the Apostle. There are ten statues in the chapel by artist Edwin Gonzalez, including ones that depict Pietà, Saint Anthony of Padua, and Saint Joseph.On the east side of the building is the Lady Chapel, which is dedicated to Mary. The stained-glass windows inside this chapel depict Mary's Annunciation, Visitation, Assumption, and Coronation. There is also a painting of Mary and Joseph's wedding and a carpet from the House of the Virgin Mary, a Catholic shrine near Ephesus, Turkey.The ceiling of the crossing tower, located above the chancel, features a golden oculus representing the Eucharist surrounded by painted angels. The rest of the ceiling is painted deep blue with stars to depict the sky. On each corner of the ceiling is a painted archangel. The painted Sanctus lettering and dove representing the Holy Spirit are also above the chancel. The college plans to install a 5-foot (1.5 m) thurible, modeled after the one found at Santiago de Compostela Cathedral.

 Gallery of interior details 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

 External links 

Official website

KMPH-TV
KMPH-TV (channel 26) is a television station licensed to Visalia, California, United States, serving the Fresno area as an affiliate of the Fox network. It is owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group alongside Sanger-licensed CW affiliate KFRE-TV (channel 59). The two stations share studios on McKinley Avenue in eastern Fresno; KMPH-TV's transmitter is located on Big Baldy Mountain in northwestern Tulare County.
The station's signal is relayed to the northern part of the market on low-power Class A translator KMPH-CD (originally KMPH-LD from 2007 to 2011), channel 17, licensed to Merced and Mariposa, with transmitter on Mount Bullion. Unlike its parent station, the translator does not broadcast in high definition.

 History 

 Early years 
The station first signed on the air on October 11, 1971; originally operating as an independent station (though it ran ABC, NBC, and CBS shows that the local affiliates passed on at times as well), it was the first television station founded by the Pappas brothers, Mike, Pete and Harry, through their company, Pappas Television. The brothers already owned radio stations KGEN (1370 AM) and KBOS (94.9 FM) in Tulare, KMPH's original city of license. The station's original studios were located on Mooney Boulevard in Visalia. The funding for KMPH came from general manager Harry Pappas' plan of having hundreds of investors each investing a small amount of money that was needed to construct the station, rather than having one investor providing all the capital; as a result, the Pappas brothers had a combined ownership stake of only 30.5%, with the other 69.5% controlled by other investors.KMPH carried Operation Prime Time programming at least in 1978. That year, Harry Pappas formed a new company, Pappas Telecasting, to buy full control of the station for $3.1 million. In 1979, KMPH changed its city of license from Tulare to Visalia.  That same year, the station began producing tape delay broadcasts of Fresno State Bulldogs football  1984's NCAA v. Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma decision that brought more freedom for teams to have their games on TV, brought about a handful of road games being telecast live. In 1986, live home games were added to the schedule.Soon after signing on, KMPH had passed KAIL (then on channel 53, now on channel 7) as the leading independent in the Central Valley. KAIL went dark in 1973 but returned to the air in 1976 as a very low budget operation initially running mostly religion but would gradually build into a major player. Throughout the early to mid-1980s, KMPH was one of the top independent stations in the country. The station could be received up to 100 miles (160 km) from Visalia.

 Since 1988 
Pappas signed an affiliation deal with Fox for KMPH to become an affiliate of the network in 1988; the agreement also covered sister stations WHNS in Greenville, South Carolina, and KPTM in Omaha, Nebraska. At the time, Fresno and Omaha were the only two top-100 markets without a Fox affiliate. KMPH remains a Fox affiliate to this day; both it and NBC affiliate KSEE (channel 24) were the only two stations in Fresno that were unaffected by the 1985 network swap involving ABC and CBS between KFSN-TV (channel 30) and KJEO (channel 47, now KGPE) and the later launches of The CW and MyNetworkTV in September 2006. The station relocated its operations from its original studio in Visalia to its current facility on McKinley Avenue in Fresno in the early 1990s.

 Ownership change 
On May 10, 2008, thirteen Pappas stations, including KMPH, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. As a result of the bankruptcy, Pappas Telecasting Companies was given until February 15, 2009, to sell these stations to other owners. On January 16, 2009, Pappas announced that most of the stations, including KMPH, would be purchased by New World TV Group (no relation to the similarly named New World Communications, which switched most of its stations to Fox between September 1994 and July 1995), after the sale received United States bankruptcy court approval. On April 2, 2009, Pappas laid off 22 employees involved with the KMPH/KFRE duopoly. New World TV Group formed a new holding company known as the Titan TV Broadcast Group (unrelated to the similarly named smaller-market radio station owner Titan Broadcasting), which completed its purchase of most of the Pappas stations involved in the bankruptcy on October 15, 2009.
Titan announced the sale of KMPH-TV, KFRE-TV and most of the company's other stations to the Sinclair Broadcast Group on June 3, 2013. The FCC approved the sale on September 19, and the sale was officially finalized on October 3, 2013. With the completion of the sale, KMPH was reunited with Bakersfield Fox affiliate, KBFX-CD, which formerly operated as a repeater of KMPH, but was sold by Pappas in 2005 and had been acquired by Sinclair as part of its merger with Fisher Communications earlier in 2013.

 Programming 
In 2003, KMPH stopped carrying Fox's children's program block 4Kids TV; the block, which normally aired on Saturdays, was moved to sister station KFRE-TV and aired on that station on a tape delay on Sunday mornings (this resulted in KFRE carrying children's blocks from two major networks, as it already carried The WB's Kids' WB block). KMPH was one of the few Fox charter affiliates to have dropped the network's children's programming; beginning in the mid-1990s, Fox gave its affiliates (after several stations that switched to the network between 1994 and 1995 that were owned by New World Communications opted not to carry the lineup) the option to pre-empt Fox Kids programming and arrange for another local station to carry the block, a practice continued until the end of the 4Kids TV's run. KFRE continued to carry 4Kids TV until the block was discontinued by Fox on December 28, 2008, due to a dispute with the block's lessee 4Kids Entertainment; KMPH has also declined to carry Fox's Saturday morning infomercial block Weekend Marketplace, which instead airs on KFRE in 4Kids TV's former Sunday morning timeslot on the station.

 News operation 
KMPH-TV presently broadcasts 34½ hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with 6½ hours each weekday and one hour each on Saturdays and Sundays); in addition, the station produces the lifestyle program Around the Valley, which airs weekdays at 11 a.m. prior to its midday newscast.
In 1978, KMPH launched its news department and began producing a nightly primetime newscast Monday through Friday; The 10 O'Clock News. Originally the station sourced its national news from the ITN Satellite News Service and API Wire Services to augment its own local news coverage, primarily split between the cities of Visalia and Fresno and the surrounding communities. In late 1979, KMPH launched a short-lived midday newscast, The Midday Edition, which was canceled after nine months. Later, in the early 1980s, the station's newscast was expanded to Saturdays. In early 1982, KMPH, launched a weekly newsmagazine show, The Sunday Edition, which occupied the 10 p.m. timeslot on Sunday nights; it was canceled a year later. The 10 O'Clock News went on to become the longest-running primetime newscast in the Fresno market. On October 6, 2003, KMPH debuted a three-hour weekday morning newscast, titled Great Day; that same date, the station also launched a half-hour midday newscast at 11:30 a.m. In the spring of 2007, Great Day was expanded to five hours, running from 5-10 a.m.
In January 2006, KMPH began to produce a half-hour 11 p.m. newscast for sister station KFRE-TV; the newscast was unable to compete against the established late evening newscasts on KFSN-TV, KSEE and KGPE and was canceled the following year in February 2007, due to low ratings. On September 30, 2009, KMPH-TV became the second television station in the Fresno market (after KFSN, which made the upgrade in April 2007) to begin broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition. It was the first television station in the market to provide news video from the field in true high definition, as KMPH upgraded its ENG vehicles, satellite truck, studio and field cameras and other equipment in order to broadcast news footage from the field in high definition, in addition to segments broadcast from the main studio.KMPH produced newscasts for KPTM in Omaha, Nebraska, from early 2010s to 2023, interspersing live reporters from the Omaha market with studio anchors in Fresno.
In July 2014, Politifact reported that KMPH, in a news story, claimed that the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act had increased the average emergency room wait time in California to five hours. Its reporting was deemed inaccurate, as it was based on statistics released by the California HealthCare Foundation in 2012, and not from after the implementation of the Affordable Care Act.

 Notable current on-air staff 
Kopi Sotiropulos – anchor

 Notable former on-air staff 
Vic "The Brick" Jacobs – sportscaster (now at KLAC radio in Los Angeles)
Lloyd Lindsay Young – weathercaster (later at WWOR-TV in Secaucus, New Jersey)

 Technical information 

 KMPH-TV subchannels 
The station's signal is multiplexed:

 KMPH-CD subchannel 
In October 2009, KMPH began carrying This TV on digital subchannel 26.2. On October 31, 2015, Comet began airing on 26.3.
On October 1, 2019, KMPH-DT2 became an affiliate of Dabl, replacing This TV.

 Analog-to-digital conversion 
KMPH-TV shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 26, on June 12, 2009, the official date on which full-power television in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 28, using virtual channel 26.

 Out of market coverage 
KMPH-TV's focus is on the San Joaquin Valley and Central California. The station's signal is receivable as far way as the Bakersfield area; however, local Fox affiliate and sister station KBFX-CD (itself once a KMPH repeater) is the only Fox station carried by cable providers in the Bakersfield market. Through its translator, KMPH-TV's signal extends northward to Merced, Mariposa and the southern Sierra Nevada, and sometimes can be received in Monterey County for those who live just north of King City. KMPH-TV has been received over the air sometimes in eastern Kern County (Ridgecrest) and San Luis Obispo.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Canterbury Rams
The Canterbury Rams are a New Zealand basketball team based in Christchurch. The Rams compete in the National Basketball League (NBL) and play their home games at Cowles Stadium. For sponsorship reasons, they are known as The Wheeler Motor Canterbury Rams.

 Team history 
The Canterbury Rams were a foundation member of the National Basketball League (NBL) in 1982. Between 1986 and 1994, the Rams made the NBL final seven times, winning championships in 1986, 1989, 1990 and 1992. Import players Kenny Perkins, Clyde Huntley, Eddie Anderson and Angelo Hill were central to the success of the Rams, as was the outstanding New Zealand core of John "Dutchie" Rademakers, Gilbert Gordon, Andy Bennett, Graham Timms, John Hill, Ian Webb, Glen Denham and Ralph Lattimore. The architects of this success were coaches Garry Pettis, who led the team from 1986 to 1988, and Keith Mair, who took over in 1989. In 1999, the Rams made their eighth NBL final under coach Bert Knops, where they lost 79–72 to the Auckland Rebels.In 2000, Dr John Watson took over the Rams organisation from the cash-strapped Canterbury Basketball Association (CBA). His takeover of the team created some deep divisions within the basketball community. In 2006, the CBA signed a three-year management contract with Watson. In December 2008, after the CBA advised Watson that they would not be completing the third year of the contract, the Rams withdrew from the NBL, with the Christchurch Cougars taking their place in the 2009 NBL season. The Cougars lasted just two seasons after withdrawing on the eve of the 2011 season due to the Christchurch earthquake.In November 2013, the Canterbury Rams were granted re-entry into NBL under the leadership of Christchurch businessman Andrew Harrison, making their return during the 2014 NBL season.In 2016, the Rams were regular season winners for the first time since 1993 behind the likes of McKenzie Moore and Marcel Jones. They made their first playoff appearance since 2002 but lost 104–85 to the Super City Rangers in the semi-finals despite a 35-point effort from Moore.In 2023, the Rams reached their first NBL final since 1999 behind the likes of Troy Baxter Jr., Tevin Brown and Corey Webster. They won their fifth championship and first since 1992 with a 93–82 win over the Auckland Tuatara.

 Honour roll 

 Players 

 Current roster 

 Notable past players 

 Coaches 

 Head coaches 
 Murray McKay (1982–1983)
 Darrell Todd (1984–1985)
 Garry Pettis (1986–1988)
 Keith Mair (1989–1995)
 Bert Knops (1996–1999)
 Matt Ruscoe (2000–2001)
 John Watson (2002–2004)
 Pete McAllister (2004–2005)
 Chris Sparks (2006–2007)
 Bert Knops (2008)
 Dave Harrison (2014)
 Mark Dickel (2015–2018)
 Mick Downer (2019–2021)
 Judd Flavell (2022–present)Source: Canterbury Rams Facebook page

 References 

 External links 
Official team website
Canterbury Rams on Facebook
Andrew Harrison: the unassuming man behind the Canterbury Rams' NBL success

Fort McKavett, Texas
Fort McKavett is a ghost town in Menard County, Texas, United States.  It lies at the intersections of Farm to Market Road 864 and Farm to Market Road 1674, 20 miles southwest of the county seat, Menard.  Its elevation is 2,169 feet (661 m).  It has a post office with the ZIP code 76841.

 History 
The settlement of Fort McKavett had its 1850s origins as a civilian population just north of Camp San Saba in Menard County (not the Camp San Saba in McCulloch County), with the name of Scabtown. Camp San Saba closed in 1859, and many residents fled to safer areas to be protected against Indian depredations. The United States Army reopened the outpost in 1869 as Fort McKavett. As the civilian population of Scabtown grew, the community was renamed after Fort McKavett, and the local economy began to thrive. The Army closed the fort in 1883, but the earlier relocation of native American tribes made the civilians feel safe enough to remain. The population grew, and with it an economy that supported two hotels, three churches, a newspaper, and a mattress factory. The population peaked at 150 at the beginning of the 20th century, but declined in the latter half of the century.The writer Robert E. Howard, a Texas history enthusiast, visited Fort McKavett in 1933, and wrote: "McKavett is fascinating - a village of ruins and semiruins, people living in the old unruined barracks and officers's quarters, among the remnants of other buildings which had not stood the test of time.

 Notable people 
Harry D. Thiers
E.B. Beaumont

 Climate 
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, dry summers and generally mild to cool winters.  According to the Köppen climate classification system, Fort McKavett has a mid-latitude arid desert climate, BWk on climate maps.

 References 

 External links 
"Fort McKavett and Hill Country Frontier". Texas Beyond History. University of Texas at Austin.

Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture
The Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture is a Golden Globe Award that was first awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association in 1944 for a performance in a motion picture released in the previous year. The formal title has varied since its inception; since 2005, the award has officially been called "Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture". Six actors have won the award twice: Richard Attenborough, Edmund Gwenn, Martin Landau, Edmond O'Brien, Christoph Waltz, and Brad Pitt.

 Winners and nominees 

 1940s 
David Brian - Intruder in the Dust

 1950s 

 1960s 

 1970s 

 1980s 

 1990s 

 2000s 

 2010s 

 2020s 

 Multiple nominations 

 Multiple wins 
2 winsRichard Attenborough (consecutive)
Edmund Gwenn
Martin Landau
Edmond O'Brien
Brad Pitt
Christoph Waltz

 See also 
Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor
BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role
Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male
Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Supporting Actor
Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role

 References 

 External links 

Butterflyfish
The butterflyfish are a group of conspicuous tropical marine fish of the family Chaetodontidae; the bannerfish and coralfish are also included in this group. The approximately 129 species in 12 genera are found mostly on the reefs of the Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific Oceans.  A number of species pairs occur in the Indian and Pacific Oceans, members of the huge genus Chaetodon.
Butterflyfish look like smaller versions of angelfish (Pomacanthidae), but unlike these, lack preopercle spines at the gill covers. Some members of the genus Heniochus resemble the Moorish idol (Zanclus cornutus) of the monotypic Zanclidae. Among the paraphyletic Perciformes, the former are probably not too distantly related to butterflyfish, whereas the Zanclidae seem far less close.

 Description and ecology 
Butterflyfish mostly range from 12 to 22 cm (4.7 to 8.7 in) in length. The largest species, the lined butterflyfish and the saddle butterflyfish, C. ephippium, grow to 30 cm (12 in). The common name references the brightly coloured and strikingly patterned bodies of many species, bearing shades of black, white, blue, red, orange, and yellow. Other species are dull in colour. Butterflyfish are a boundless, different group of marine percoids with delegates on practically all coral reef frameworks and in every single tropical ocean. Their bright and color patterns have drawn in much consideration, creating an abundance of data about their conduct and environment. Many have eyespots on their flanks and dark bands across their eyes, not unlike the patterns seen on butterfly wings. Their deep, laterally narrow bodies are easily noticed through the profusion of reef life. The conspicuous coloration of butterflyfish may be intended for interspecies communication. Butterflyfish have uninterrupted dorsal fins with tail fins that may be rounded or truncated, but are never forked.
Generally diurnal and frequenting waters less than 18 m (59 ft) deep (though some species descend to 180 m (590 ft), butterflyfish stick to particular home ranges. These corallivores are especially territorial, forming pairs and staking claim to a specific coral head. Contrastingly, the zooplankton feeders form large conspecific groups. By night, butterflyfish hide in reef crevices and exhibit markedly different coloration.
Their coloration also makes them popular aquarium fish. However, most species feed on coral polyps and sea anemones. Balancing the relative populations of prey and predator is complex, leading hobby aquarists to focus on the few generalists and specialist zooplankton feeders.
Butterflyfish are pelagic spawners; that is, they release many buoyant eggs into the water, which become part of the plankton, floating with the currents until hatching. The fry go through a tholichthys stage, wherein the body of the postlarval fish is covered in large, bony plates extending from the head. They lose their bony plates as they mature. Only one other family of fish, the scats (Scatophagidae) express such an armored stage.

 Taxonomy, systematics and evolution 
The Chaetodontidae can be, but are not usually, divided into two lineages that arguably are subfamilies. The subfamily name Chaetodontinae is a little-used leftover from the period when the Pomacanthidae and Chaetodontidae were united under the latter name as a single family. Hence, Chaetodontinae is today considered a junior synonym of Chaetodontidae. In any case, one lineage of Chaetodontidae (in the modern sense) contains the "typical" butterflyfish around Chaetodon, while the other unites the bannerfish and coralfish genera. As the Perciformes are highly paraphyletic, the precise relationships of the Chaetodontidae as a whole are badly resolved.Chaetodontidae is classified within the suborder Percoidei by the 5th edition of Fishes of the World, but they are placed in an unnamed clade which sits outside the superfamily Percoidea. This clade contains 7 families which appear to have some relationship to Acanthuroidei, Monodactylidae, and Priacanthidae. Other authorities have paced the family in the order Chaetodontiformes alongside the family Leiognathidae.Before DNA sequencing, the taxonomy was confused about whether to treat these as species or subspecies. Also, numerous subgenera have been proposed for splitting out of Chaetodon, and it is becoming clear how to subdivide the genus if that is desired.The fossil record of this group is marginal. Their restriction to coral reefs means their carcasses are liable to be dispersed by scavengers, overgrown by corals, and any that do fossilize will not long survive erosion. However,  Pygaeus, a very basal fossil from the mid- to late Eocene of Europe, dates from around the Bartonian 40–37 million years ago (Mya). Thus, the Chaetodontidae emerged probably in the early to mid-Eocene. A crude molecular clock in combination with the evidence given by Pygaeus allows placement of the initial split between the two main lineages to the middle to late Eocene, and together with the few other fossils, it allows the deduction that most living genera were probably distinct by the end of the Paleogene 23 Mya.

 Genera 
The bannerfish-coralfish lineage can be further divided in two groups; these might be considered tribes, but have not been formally named. Genera are listed in order of the presumed phylogeny, from the most ancient to the youngest:Bannerfish/coralfish lineage 1:

Amphichaetodon Burgess, 1978
Coradion Kaup, 1860
Chelmon Cloquet, 1817
Chelmonops Bleeker, 1876Bannerfish/coralfish lineage 2:

Forcipiger Jordan & McGregor, 1898
Hemitaurichthys Bleeker, 1876
Heniochus Cuvier, 1816
Johnrandallia Nalbant, 1974The "typical" butterflyfishes may eventually come to contain more genera; see Chaetodon:

Chaetodon Linnaeus, 1758
Parachaetodon Bleeker, 1874
Prognathodes Gill, 1862
Roa Jordan, 1923

 Timeline 

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Further reading 
Pratchett, Morgan S. & Berumen, Michael L. & Kapoor, B.G. [Editors] : Biology of Butterflyfishes. CRC Press, 2014. ISBN 978-1-4665-8290-3

 References 

GeneralFessler, Jennifer L. & Westneat, Mark W. (2007): Molecular phylogenetics of the butterflyfishes (Chaetodontidae): Taxonomy and biogeography of a global coral reef fish family. Mol. Phylogenet. Evol. 45(1): 50–68. doi:10.1016/j.ympev.2007.05.018 (HTML abstract)
FishBase [2008]: Family Chaetodontidae – Butterflyfishes. Retrieved 2008-SEP-02.
Hsu, Kui-Ching; Chen, Jeng-Ping & Shao, Kwang-Tsao (2007): Molecular phylogeny of Chaetodon (Teleostei: Chaetodontidae) in the Indo-West Pacific: evolution in geminate species pairs and species groups. Raffles Bulletin of Zoology Supplement 14: 77–86. PDF fulltext Archived 2007-08-11 at the Wayback Machine
Sepkoski, Jack (2002): [Chaetodon]. In: A compendium of fossil marine animal genera. Bulletins of American Paleontology 364: 560. HTML database excerptSpecific

Ilustrado (TV series)
Ilustrado (from the Spanish word meaning "enlightened" or "erudite") is a 2014 Philippine television drama period series broadcast by GMA Network. Directed by King Mark Baco, it stars Alden Richards. The series is based on the life of Philippine hero José Rizal. It premiered on October 20, 2014 on the network's Telebabad line up replacing My Destiny. The show concluded on November 14, 2014 with a total of 20 episodes. It was replaced by More Than Words in its timeslot.
In March 2016, the series was released on DVD by GMA Records Home Video. The series is streaming on YouTube.

 Premise 
José Rizal needed to leave his family to fulfill his studies and career abroad, while also suffering from homesickness, and enduring a long-distance relationship with the woman he loved. He comes back home and uses the knowledge and skills he learned abroad to help improve the lives of his family and countrymen.

 Cast and characters 

Lead castAlden Richards as José Rizal / PepeSupporting castKylie Padilla as Leonor Rivera
Eula Valdez as Teodora "Lolay" Alonso y Mercado
Solenn Heussaff as Nellie Boustead
Jaclyn Jose as Conchita Monteverde
Ricardo Cepeda as Francisco Mercado
Marco Alcaraz as Paciano Mercado
Freddie Webb as Jose Alberto
Polo Ravales as Venchito Monteverde
Lito Legaspi as Padre AmadoGuest castJhiz Deocareza as younger José Rizal
Sean Ross as younger Venchito Monteverde
Max Collins as Consuelo "Suelo" Ortiga
Wilma Olivar as Betang
Junjun Quintana as Eduardo de Lete
Angelina Kanapi as Teodora Formosa
Raymond Alzona as Antonio
Rhen Escaño as Isidra Monteverde
Sue Prado as Saturnina
Rolly Inocencio as Tiyago
Silay Tan as Lina
Elle Ramirez as Narcisa
Lucho Ayala as José Alejandrino
David Bianco as Charles Kipping
Hazel Faith dela Cruz as Olimpia
Marinela Sevidal as Carmen
Vien King as Chengoy
JC Tiuseco as Antonio Luna
Mike Liwag as Marcelo H. del Pilar
Carlo Cruz as Graciano López Jaena
Jak Roberto as Máximo Viola
Mark Bordalba as Félix Resurrección Hidalgo
Charles Tongol as Dominador Gomez
Cedrick Juan as Valentin Ventura
Timothy dela Paz as Mariano Ponce
Bryan Benedict as Juan Luna
John Spainhour as Rubio Nicolas
Sid Lucero as Andrés Bonifacio
Glaiza de Castro as Gregoria de Jesus
Benjamin Alves as Sebastian

 Episodes 

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Ilustrado at IMDb

Simu Liu
Simu Liu ( SEE-moo LEE-yoo; Chinese: 刘思慕; born 19 April 1989) is a Canadian actor. He is known for portraying Shang-Chi in the 2021 Marvel Cinematic Universe film Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings. He also played Jung Kim in the CBC Television sitcom Kim's Convenience and a Ken in Barbie. He received nominations at the ACTRA Awards and Canadian Screen Awards for his work in Blood and Water.In 2022, Liu authored the memoir We Were Dreamers, and was named one of Time's 100 most influential people in the world, in the section "Artists."

 Early life 
Liu was born in Harbin, China, on 19 April 1989, son of Zhenning and Zheng Liu. His parents met while attending university in Beijing, where they both studied engineering. His father, Zhenning, went to the United States to study for a PhD whilst his mother worked in Beijing, and Liu was raised until age 5 by his grandparents in Harbin, China, "in a small apartment, without running water for much of the day," in circumstances he recalled as "idyllic and happy." Liu later emigrated to rejoin his parents in Canada, who supplemented their scholarships with dish-washing jobs and eventually became successful aerospace engineers. He first arrived in Kingston, Ontario where his father was fulfilling his doctoral studies at Queen's University.  Liu was later raised in Mississauga, Ontario.In his memoir, We Were Dreamers, Liu wrote of the deprivation and trauma his parents had experienced growing up in China's Cultural Revolution, and their subsequent "tiger parenting" style, saying he felt they "wanted to rid [his] life of joy or happiness", and recalling "the weight of what he describes as impossible expectations, 'to be the star child, the studious academic, the obedient son'", being "belittled and physically punished" for perceived failings. Liu's parents "hothoused him in maths at the age of five and set 'homework' that included reading biographies of scientists and studying algebra".  Upon his arrival in Kingston, Liu attended Sydenham Public School. He later attended University of Toronto Schools and studied business administration at the Ivey Business School at the University of Western Ontario.Liu initially worked as an accountant at Deloitte but was laid off in April 2012 after nine months. He began to explore other career options and decided to pursue a career as an actor and stuntman. Liu became distant from his parents after losing his accounting job and entering acting, but after discussing the matter with his parents, the family reconciled and became closer as a result.

 Career 

 2012–2018: Early work and television roles 
Liu got his start in acting working as an extra and stuntman, appearing in movies and music videos such as Guillermo del Toro's Pacific Rim and Avicii's "I Could Be the One." His other early onscreen credits include Nikita (2012) and Beauty and the Beast (2014). He appeared as a stuntman in Sick: Survive the Night (2012) and the TV miniseries Heroes Reborn.

In 2015, Liu was cast in his first significant recurring role, appearing as a series regular in seven episodes of the Omni Television crime drama series Blood and Water (2015–2016). He would later receive his first award nominations for this role at the ACTRA Awards and Canadian Screen Awards in 2017.Later in 2015, Liu was cast in his first main role as Jung Kim in the CBC Television sitcom Kim's Convenience, a TV adaptation of the play of the same name. It remains his most notable television success to date, with the series being nominated for and winning multiple awards internationally, including Best Comedy Series at the 2018 Canadian Screen Awards and "Most Popular Foreign Drama" at the 2019 Seoul International Drama Awards. Liu starred in the series until its conclusion in 2021.
In 2016, Liu was cast in a recurring role as the ex-CIA analyst Faaron, loosely modeled on real-life ex-analyst Rodney Faraon, in the NBC prequel series Taken based on the film franchise starring Liam Neeson.Even as he was cast in main and recurring roles, Liu continued to appear as an extra on several television shows, appearing in an episode of the hit BBC-Space series Orphan Black as well as in the Canadian science fiction series Dark Matter.In 2017, Liu appeared in the second season of Slasher as well as the CityTV miniseries Bad Blood, both as recurring characters.In 2018, he appeared in the science fiction television series The Expanse  and Wong Fu Productions' YouTube series Yappie.

 2019–present: Recent work and Marvel Cinematic Universe 
In early 2019, Liu guest-starred in the 100th episode of ABC's Fresh Off the Boat as a noodle vendor named Willie. He also guest-starred in an episode of the TV series Awkwafina Is Nora from Queens as Garbage Boy.At Comic-Con 2019, Disney announced that Liu would play the titular superhero Shang-Chi in the film Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, which is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings is Marvel's first film with an Asian-led cast. Liu had asked about playing the role on Twitter in December 2018 when the movie was revealed to be in development. After several production and release delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the film was released in theaters on 3 September 2021, garnering positive critical reception and achieving commercial success. A sequel is planned.In September 2021, it was revealed that Liu will lead the English-language voice cast of Bright: Samurai Soul, a Netflix anime film which premiered on 12 October. In February 2022, Liu joined the cast of Greta Gerwig's Barbie film, as well as the thriller film Hello Stranger directed by April Mullen, which eventually became Simulant. Both films were released in 2023, with the former garnering acclaim and breaking box office records.Both Liu and NBA player Jeremy Lin had guest appearances as caricaturized versions of themselves in Malaysian comedian Ronny Chieng's Netflix short Ronny Chieng Takes Chinatown (2022). In December 2022, Liu was a guest narrator at Disney's Candlelight Processional.On April 7, 2023, Liu released his debut single, titled "Don't".

 Other work and public image 
In 2014, Liu was paid $100 to model for a set of stock photos for FatCamera; the photos appeared in subway stations, advertisements, storefronts, pamphlets, and textbook covers. The photos received widespread media coverage upon Liu's mainstream acting breakthrough in 2021.Liu is also a filmmaker, producer, and writer. Liu's first work in this area was Open Gym, a short film he wrote, directed, produced, and starred in that debuted at the 2013 Toronto Reel Asian International Film Festival. He has directed, produced, and written several other shorts, including Crimson Defender vs. The Slightly Racist Family (2015). In 2016, Liu helped write Blood and Water, during which he helped break the story for the show and wrote an episode for its second season. In 2017, Liu worked with Wong Fu Productions on their short Meeting Mommy (2017), which he wrote and produced with Tina Jung. It was released in February 2018 on the Wong Fu Productions YouTube channel. In 2018, he founded his own film production company, 4:12 Entertainment, and began developing long-form film projects under it.In December 2017, Liu wrote for Maclean's magazine about his experiences growing up in an immigrant family. The article appeared in the January 2018 issue. His memoir, We Were Dreamers: An Immigrant Superhero Origin Story, was published by HarperCollins on 17 May 2022. In March 2021, Liu published a column in Variety detailing the effects of Asian hate crimes and how "rhetoric like 'the China virus' encourages hate toward all Asian people—not just Chinese."Liu was included on Time magazine's annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2022. Liu was named one of Hello!'s 50 Most Beautiful Canadians and 25 Hottest Bachelors in 2017 and 2018. In May 2021, Liu became the first East Asian man to cover Men's Health magazine in over a decade since Jet Li in 2010. In November 2021, Liu became the fourth actor of Chinese descent to host Saturday Night Live. He has previously hosted the Juno Awards of 2022 and the Juno Awards of 2023.In October 2020, Liu became a UNICEF Canada Ambassador and has since appeared in every Youth Advocacy Summit hosted by UNICEF Canada. In 2023, Liu made an appearance despite having torn his Achilles tendon.In 2023, Liu joined MìLà as its chief content officer. MìLà is a direct-to-consumer soup dumpling company that is based in Bellevue, WA.

 Accolades 
Liu was nominated for a Canadian Screen Award and an ACTRA Award in 2017 for his work in Blood and Water. He, along with his Kim's Convenience castmates, won the ACTRA Award for Outstanding Ensemble in 2017. Liu and his castmates were nominated for the same award in 2018 and 2019. Kim's Convenience also won the award for Best Comedy Series at the 2018 Canadian Screen Awards.On stage, Liu was nominated for a Dora Mavor Moore Award in the Outstanding Ensemble category alongside his castmates in the 2016 Factory Theatre remount of the play Banana Boys.In January 2023, he was named the winner of the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television's Radius Award at the 11th Canadian Screen Awards. He also won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Host in a Live Entertainment Special for the 2022 Juno Awards.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Music videos 

 Discography 

 Extended plays 

 Singles 

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 

Simu Liu on Facebook 
Simu Liu on Twitter 
Simu Liu on Instagram 
Simu Liu at IMDb

Singham Again
Singham Again (also marketed as Singham 3) is an upcoming Indian Hindi-language action film directed by Rohit Shetty, who also co-produced it under Rohit Shetty Picturez with Reliance Entertainment, Jio Studios and Ajay Devgn FFilms. The film stars Ajay Devgn, Kareena Kapoor Khan, Arjun Kapoor and Jackie Shroff in lead roles while Akshay Kumar, Ranveer Singh, Deepika Padukone and Tiger Shroff appear in cameo appearances. It is the fifth installment of Shetty's Cop Universe and a sequel to Singham Returns (2014).
The film was announced in September 2017 under the working title Singham 3, and the official title was announced in December 2022. Principal photography commenced in September 2023, taking place in Mumbai and Hyderabad. Singham Again is scheduled to have a theatrical release on 15 August 2024, coinciding with Independence Day.

 Cast 
Ajay Devgn as DCP Bajirao Singham
Kareena Kapoor Khan as Avni Kamat Singham
Akshay Kumar as DCP Veer "Surya" Sooryavanshi
Ranveer Singh as ACP Sangram "Simmba" Bhalerao
Deepika Padukone as Shakti Shetty aka Lady Singham
Tiger Shroff as ACP Satya
Arjun Kapoor
Jackie Shroff as Omar Hafeez
Shweta Tiwari
Siddhartha Jadhav as Inspector Santhosh Tawade
Arjun Dwivedi

 Production 

 Development 
In September 2017, Rohit Shetty, while announcing his next directorial venture with Ranveer Singh, revealed that a third installment of the Singham film franchise would be made. Written and directed by him, he revealed that it would feature Ajay Devgn but did not reveal when production would begin. In January 2020, Devgn hinted that works for the third installment of the franchise, tentatively titled as Singham 3, was in progress. In March that year, Akshay Kumar, who previously acted in Shetty's Sooryavanshi (2021) which is a part of Cop Universe along with the Singham franchise, was reported to reprise his role from the film. Later in January 2021, production for the film was reported to begin after Shetty finishes works for Cirkus in 2022, and Jackie Shroff was reported to play the main antagonist. Along with Akshay Kumar, Ranveer Singh was also reported in November to reprise his role from the 2018 film Simmba. On 1 December 2022, the collaboration of Shetty and Devgn was announced by the production houses, and the official title Singham Again was announced. Production was set to commence after Devgn finished Bholaa (2023).

 Filming 
Principal photography commenced on 16 September 2023 with a muhuratam puja held at Yash Raj Studios in Mumbai. The first schedule was held at the same location. Ranveer Singh was also part of this schedule. Shweta Tiwari also joined the sets. Kareena Kapoor joined the sets on 23 September.The second schedule commenced on 5 October in Hyderabad where major portion of the film including high action packed climax was shot with all the cast members. Kareena Kapoor joined the sets on 6 October. Ajay Devgn, Akshay Kumar, Ranveer Singh, Tiger Shroff, and Arjun Kapoor too joined the sets. Akshay Kumar wrapped his portion on 15 October. Ranveer Singh wrapped his portion on 20 October. The second schedule wrapped on 7 November.Filming resumed on 19 November at Madh Island to shoot an action scene that plays out at a fair. Over 100 actors were roped in as the scene required a huge crowd. In the last week of November, An elaborate action scene was shot with Devgn and Singh at the Golden Tobbaco Factory in Vile Parle. It also featured a crowd of 150-200 people, and some car explosions. Devgn was also injured in his eye while shooting this scene. Filming then moved to Film City where a fight scene was shot set in the backdrop of an Ashram. Kareena Kapoor, Tiger Shroff, and Arjun Kapoor also shot a scene at night.In the second week of January, filming started again at Ramoji Film City, albeit without Devgn as he was still recuperating. Later, Arjun Dwivedi joined the cast, reprising his role from the Cop Universe series Indian Police Force.

 Release 

 Theatrical 
Singham Again is scheduled for a theatrical release on 15 August 2024, coinciding Independence Day. It was earlier reported that the film would release on Diwali 2024, before it was preponed.

 References 

 External links 
Singham Again at IMDb 
Singham Again at Bollywood Hungama

Illyrian kingdom
The Illyrian Kingdom was an Illyrian political entity that existed on the western part of the Balkan Peninsula in ancient times. Regardless of the number of the alternately ruling dynasties, of their tribal affiliation, and of the actual extension of their kingdom, it represented an alliance of Illyrian tribes that united under the rulership of a single leader, expressly referred to as "King of the Illyrians" in ancient historical records (whether in Ancient Greek or in Latin).The Enchele's polity was the earliest to emerge among Illyrians. The earliest known Illyrian king – Bardylis – emerged in southern Illyria around 400 BC, most likely centered in Dassaretis, a region along Lake Ohrid and east to the Prespa Lakes, located on the border between Macedon and Epirus. He aimed to make Illyria a regional power interfering with Macedon. He united many southern Illyrian tribes under his realm and defeated the Macedonians and Molossians several times, expanding his dominion over Upper Macedonia and Lynkestis and subjugating Macedon for several decades until he was decisively defeated by Philip II of Macedon. Before the Rise of Macedon Illyrians were the dominant power in the area. The kingdom of the Taulantii on the south-eastern coast of the Adriatic evidently reached its apex under Glaukias' rule and dominated southern Illyrian affairs in the late 4th century BC, exerting great influence on the Epirote state through the close ties with the Molossian king Pyrrhus.
The Ardiaei, Autariatae, and Dardani are described as the strongest Illyrian peoples by Strabo. From the 6th–5th centuries BC they followed their own social-political development in the regions they inhabited, and only the political entity of the Ardiaei, which expanded in the south-eastern Adriatic, came to be identified with the Illyrian kingdom in the 3rd century BC. Under the Ardiaean king Agron and his wife Teuta, the Illyrian kingdom reached its apex. It became a formidable power both on land and sea by assembling a great army and fleet, and directly ruling over a large area made up of different Illyrian tribes and cities that stretched from the Neretva River in the north to the borders of Epirus in the south, while its influence extended throughout Epirus and down into Acarnania. The Ardiaean realm became one of Rome's major enemies, and its primary threat in the Adriatic Sea. The dominant power of the Illyrian kingdom in the region ceased after its defeat in the Illyro-Roman Wars (229–168 BC). The last known "King of the Illyrians" was Gentius, of the Labeatae tribe.

 History 

In southern Illyria organized realms were formed earlier than in other areas of this region. One of the oldest known Illyrian dynasty is that of the Enchelei, which seems to have reached its height from the 8th–7th centuries BC, but the dynasty fell from dominant power around the 6th century BC. It seems that the weakening of the dynasty of Enchelae resulted in their assimilation and inclusion into a newly established Illyrian realm at the latest in the 5th century BC, marking the arising of the Dassaretii, who appear to have replaced the Enchelei in the Lakeland area of Lychnidus.The weakening of the Enchelean realm was also caused by the strengthening of another Illyrian dynasty established in its vicinity—that of the Taulantii—which existed for some time along with that of the Enchelei. The Taulantii—another people among the more anciently known groups of Illyrian tribes—lived on the Adriatic coast of southern Illyria (modern Albania), dominating at various times much of the plain between the Drin and the Aous, comprising the area around Epidamnus/Dyrrhachium. When describing the Illyrian invasion of Macedonia ruled by Argaeus I, somewhere between 678–640 BC, the historian Polyaenus (fl. 2nd-century AD) recorded the supposed oldest known king in Illyria, Galaurus or Galabrus, a ruler of the Taulantii who reigned in the latter part of the 7th century BC.    Some scholars consider the authenticity of Polyaenus' passage as disputable. Whether or not this account is historically reliable, and despite Polyaenus' interest in the anecdote, it implies the widespread thought throughout antiquity about a significant animosity between the Macedonians and the Illyrians as early as the 7th century BC, if the consensus in modern scholarship in dating the reigning period of Argaeus I is correct.  In the 7th century BC the Taulantii invoked the aid of Corcyra and Corinth in a war against the Liburni. After the defeat and expulsion from the region of the Liburni, the Corcyreans founded in 627 BC on the Illyrian mainland a colony called Epidamnus, thought to have been the name of an Illyrian (barbarian) king of the region. A flourishing commercial centre emerged and the city grew rapidly. The Taulantii continued to play an important role in Illyrian history between the 5th and 4th–3rd centuries BC, and in particular, in the history of Epidamnus, both as its neighbours and as part of its population. Notably, they influenced the affairs in the internal conflicts between aristocrats and democrats. The Taulantian dynasty seems to have reached its climax during Glaukias' rule, in the years between 335 BC and 302 BC.  According to some modern scholars the dynasty of Bardylis—the first attested Illyrian dynasty—was Dassaretan.   There is also another historical reconstruction that considers Bardylis a Dardani a ruler, who during the expansion of his dominion included the region of Dassaretis in his realm, but this interpretation has been challenged by historians who consider Dardania too far north for the events involving the Illyrian king Bardylis and his dynasty.  After Philip II of Macedon defeated Bardylis (358 BC), the Grabaei under Grabos II became the strongest state in Illyria. Philip II killed 7,000 Illyrians in a great victory and annexed the territory up to Lake Ohrid. Next, Philip II reduced the Grabaei, and then went for the Ardiaei, defeated the Triballi (339 BC), and fought with Pleurias (337 BC). After that Alexander the Great  had defeated Illyrian chieftain Clitus forces in 335 B.C. and Illyrian soldiers and tribal leaders participated in his conquest of Persia. After the death of Alexander, Illyrian tribes started to rise to become independent from Macedonian rule. Following that in 312 B.C king Glaucius expelled Greeks from Durres.During the second part of the 3rd century BC, a number of Illyrian tribes seem to have united to form a proto-state stretching from the central part of present-day Albania up to Neretva river in Herzegovina. The political entity was financed on piracy and ruled from 250 BC by the king Agron. He was succeeded by his wife Teuta, who assumed the regency for her stepson Pinnes following Agron's death in 231 BC. Queen Teuta was famous for having waged wars against the Romans. 
At the Neretva Delta, there was a strong Hellenistic influence on the Illyrian tribe of Daors. Their capital was Daorson located in Ošanići near Stolac in Herzegovina, which became the main center of classical Illyrian culture. Daorson, during the 4th century BC, was surrounded by megalithic, 5 meter high stonewalls, composed out of large trapeze stones blocks. Daors also made unique bronze coins and sculptures. The Illyrians even conquered Greek colonies on the Dalmatian islands. 
The Illyrian kingdom was composed of small areas within the region of Illyria. Only the Romans ruled the entire region. The internal organization of the south Illyrian kingdom points to imitation of their neighbouring Greek kingdoms and influence from the Greek and Hellenistic world in the growth of their urban centres. Polybius gives as an image of society within an Illyrian kingdom as peasant infantry fought under aristocrats which he calls in Greek Polydynastae (Greek: Πολυδυνάστες) where each one controlled a town within the kingdom. The monarchy was established on hereditary lines and Illyrian rulers used marriages as a means of alliance with other powers. Pliny (23–79 AD) writes that the people that formed the nucleus of the Illyrian kingdom were 'Illyrians proper' or Illyrii Proprie Dicti. They were the Taulantii, the Pleraei, the Endirudini, Sasaei, Grabaei and the Labeatae. These later joined to form the Docleatae. The last known King of the Illyrians was Gentius, of the Labeatae tribe, and his capital city was Shkodra.

 Rulers 

 7th century BC rulers 
Galaurus: king of Taulantii. Unsuccessfully invaded Macedonia between 678–640 BC. The authenticity of  Polyaenus' passage that mentions this early Illyrian king is disputable.

 5th-4th centuries BC rulers 
Grabos I (5th century BC): attested on an Athenian inscription, he was very likely a person with great political responsibilities. He probably was the grandfather of Grabos II.
Sirras (437–390 BC), Illyrian or Lynkestian ruler.
Grabos II (r. 358–356 BC): entered Athenian alliance to resist Philip's power in 356 BC.
Pleuratus I (r. 356–335 BC): reigned near the Adriatic coast in southern Illyria. In a losing effort in 344 BC, tried to thwart Philip's advances in Illyria.
Pleurias (r. c. 337/336 BC): Illyrian ruler who campaigned against Philip II about 337 BC. He is considered by some scholars as king of either the Autariatae, the Taulantii, or the Dardani. Some have suggested that he was the same as Pleuratus I; Pleurias is mentioned only in Diodorus (16.93.6), elsewhere unattested  in ancient sources.
Cleitus, son of Bardylis I (r. 335–295 BC): mastermind behind the Illyrian Revolt in Pelion of 335 BC against Alexander the Great.
Glaucias: king of Taulantii. He aided Cleitus at the Battle of Pelion in 335 BC, raised Pyrrhus of Epirus and was involved in other events in southern Illyria in the late 4th century BC.

 Early 3rd century BC rulers 
Monunius I, (r. 290–270 BC): reigned during the Gallic invasions of 279 BC. He minted his own silver staters in Dyrrhachion.
Mytilos, successor of Monunius I and probably his son (r. 270–?): waged war on Epirus in 270 BC. He minted his own bronze coins in Dyrrhachion.

 Ardiaean-Labeatan rulers 

Ballaios: ruled from c. 260 – c. 230 BC over the city of Rhizon and surrounding areas;
Pleuratus II: reigned in a time of peace and prosperity for the Illyrian kingdom., ruled BC 260 ~ BC 250 (before his son Agron)
Agron of Illyria: reigned from 250 BC to 230 BC (after his father Pleuratus II). In 231 BC, Agron possessed the most powerful land army and navy, of any of the kings who had reigned Illyria before him. He extended the kingdoms' borders in the north and south.
Queen Teuta (regent for Pinnes): forced to come to terms with the Romans in 227 BC.
Demetrius of Pharos: surrenders to the Romans at Pharos in 218 BC and flees to Macedonia., ruled B.C 222~B.C 219
Scerdilaidas: allied with Rome to defeat Macedonia in 208 BC., ruled B.C 218~B.C 206
Pinnes: too young to become king; ruled under the regency of Teuta, Demetrius and Scerdilaidas., ruled B.C 230~B.C 217
Pleuratus III: rewarded by the Romans in 196 BC, with lands annexed by the Macedonians., ruled B.C 205~B.C 181
Gentius: defeated by the Romans in 168 BC during the Third Illyrian War; Illyrian kingdom ceased to exist while the king was taken prisoner., ruled B.C 181~B.C 168

 See also 
Illyria
Illyrians
Illyrology
Queen Teuta
Illyri proprie dicti
Kingdom of Dardania

 References 

 Notes 

 Citations 

 Bibliography 

 External links 

Appian: Illyrian Wars, perseus.tufts
Pliny the Elder. Natural History (Pliny) (Naturalis Historia (Latin)  and English version).
Polybius. The Histories (Ἰστορίαι). (English version and Introduction).
Strabo. Geographica (Strabo). (English version).
Ptolemy. Geography (Ptolemy). (English version).
Velleius Paterculus: History of Rome (Latin original, English translation)

Amber Rose Revah
Amber Rose Revah (born 24 June 1986) is a British actress, writer, and voice actor. 
She is known for playing the role of Dinah Madani in Marvel's The Punisher opposite Jon Bernthal and Ben Barnes to which she received a nomination for 'Outstanding Actress in a Drama'. She is also known for her portrayal of Dr. Grace Hogart in the Amazon Prime Video sci-fi series The Peripheral and as Mary Magdalene in the box office hit Son of God. 
Amber Rose played Leena in two seasons of the Channel 4 and PBS colonial-set period drama Indian Summers with Julie Walters, and appeared in From Paris With Love opposite John Travolta.
Amber Rose Revah was born in London to a mother of Polish Jewish background, while her biological father is of Kenyan Indian heritage. She has credited her Polish grandmother for getting her interested in acting at an early age by introducing her to theatre as a child. She studied Contemporary Performance at Brunel University.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Video games 

 References 

 External links 
Amber Rose Revah at IMDb

Adam Maida
Adam Joseph Maida (born March 18, 1930) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church. Maida served as the archbishop of the Archdiocese of Detroit in Michigan from 1990 to 2009, and was elevated to cardinal in 1994. Maida previously served as bishop of the Diocese of Green Bay in Wisconsin from 1984 to 1990.

 Biography 

 Early life and education 
Maida was born on March 18, 1930, in East Vandergrift, Pennsylvania, to Adam and Sophie (née Cieslak) Maida. The oldest of three children, he has two brothers, Thaddeus (who also became a priest) and Daniel. His father immigrated from Poland at age 16, while his mother was the daughter of Polish immigrants. He and his brothers attended public schools in East Vandergrift since there were no local Catholic schools. Maida attended Vandergrift High School and Scott Township High School, each for one year.During his second year of high school, Maida decided to enter the priesthood.  He  entered St. Mary's Preparatory School in Orchard Lake Village, Michigan, graduating from there in 1948. He then entered St. Mary's College, also in Orchard Lake Village. In 1950, Maida transferred to Saint Vincent College in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, where he earned a Bachelor of Philosophy degree in 1952. He received a Licentiate of Sacred Theology from St. Mary's University in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1956.

 Ordination and ministry 
On May 26, 1956, Maida was ordained a priest for the Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh by then Bishop John Dearden at the Cathedral of St. Paul in Pittsburgh. After his ordination, Maida's first assignment was as assistant pastor of St. Elizabeth of Hungary Parish in Pleasant Hills, Pennsylvania. He later served at Holy Innocents Parish in Sheraden, Pennsylvania.In 1958, Bishop Dearden sent Maida to Rome to study at the Pontifical Lateran University, where he earned a Licentiate of Canon Law in 1960. He received his Juris Doctor from Duquesne University School of Law in Pittsburgh in 1964; he was admitted to practice law for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the Federal Bar in Western Pennsylvania, and the U.S. Supreme Court.Maida served as vice-chancellor and general counsel (1965–1983) of the diocese. In 1968, he was elected president of the Canon Law Society of America. He served on a papal commission to draft a due process procedure giving the laity legal recourse within the church, and participated in the revision of the Code of Canon Law; for the National Conference of Catholic Bishops, he worked on the adoption of a due process procedure and chaired the bishops' Canonical Affairs Committee.Maida served as a member of the diocesan tribunal, assistant professor of theology at La Roche College in McCandless, Pennsylvania, and adjunct professor of law at Duquesne University Law School (1971–1983). He was also chaplain of the St. Thomas More Society.

 Bishop of Green Bay 
On November 8, 1983, Pope John Paul II appointed Maida as the ninth bishop of the Diocese of Green Bay. He received his episcopal consecration on January 25, 1984, from Archbishop Pio Laghi, with Bishops Aloysius Wycisło and Vincent Leonard serving as co-consecrators, at the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier in Green Bay.During his tenure in Green Bay, Maida appointed the diocese's first female chancellor and first female parish director. He also established a diocesan planning council and ministry formation program, initiated a diocesan census, implemented the RCIA process, and raised $9 million through Lumen Christi education endowment campaign.

 Archbishop of Detroit 
On April 28, 1990, John Paul II appointed Maida as the fourth archbishop of the Archdiocese of Detroit. He was installed on June 12, 1990. On November 26, 1994, John Paul II elevated Maida to the Sacred College of Cardinals as Cardinal-Priest of Ss. Vitale, Valeria, Gervasio e Protasio. In 2000, Maida was appointed the first superior of the Mission sui iuris of the Cayman Islands.
In April 2005, following the death of John Paul II, Maida traveled to the Vatican as a cardinal elector to participate in the conclave that selected Pope Benedict XVI. Maida is no longer eligible to vote in any future conclaves as he reached his 80th birthday. On March 18, 2005, Maida sent his letter of resignation to Pope Benedict XVI, having reached the mandatory retirement age of 75. The Vatican asked Maida to remain archbishop until further notice. On June 8, 2006, Maida celebrated the 50th anniversary of his ordination to the priesthood.In January 2007, Maida relieved Auxiliary Bishop Emeritus Thomas Gumbleton of his pastoral duties at St. Leo Parish in Detroit.  Gumbleton claimed he was being punished by Maida for his outspoken views on sexual abuse crimes by clergy.  Maida claimed that he was following church rules on retirement of bishops.

 Retirement 
On January 5, 2009, the Holy See announced acceptance of Maida's resignation and the appointment of Bishop Allen Vigneron, from the Diocese of Oakland, as his successor. Vigneron was installed on January 28, 2009, at the Cathedral of the Most Blessed Sacrament in Detroit Maida became apostolic administrator of the Archdiocese of Detroit and assisted Vigneron with the transition.Maida celebrated his final Mass at the cathedral on January 25, 2009. This was also held in celebration of the 25th anniversary of his consecration as a bishop.

 See also 

 References 

 External links 

"Maida Card. Adam Joseph". Holy See Press Office. Archived from the original on 4 September 2017. Retrieved 6 November 2017.
Biography from the Archdiocese of Detroit (in PDF format)
Cardinal Adam Maida, The Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
Archdiocese of Detroit

Forecasting
Forecasting is the process of making predictions based on past and present data. Later these can be compared (resolved) against what happens. For example, a company might estimate their revenue in the next year, then compare it against the actual results creating a variance actual analysis. Prediction is a similar but more general term. Forecasting might refer to specific formal statistical methods employing time series, cross-sectional or longitudinal data, or alternatively to less formal judgmental methods or the process of prediction and resolution itself. Usage can vary between areas of application: for example, in hydrology the terms "forecast" and "forecasting" are sometimes reserved for estimates of values at certain specific future times, while the term "prediction" is used for more general estimates, such as the number of times floods will occur over a long period.
Risk and uncertainty are central to forecasting and prediction; it is generally considered a good practice to indicate the degree of uncertainty attaching to forecasts. In any case, the data must be up to date in order for the forecast to be as accurate as possible. In some cases the data used to predict the variable of interest is itself forecast. A forecast is not to be confused with a Budget; budgets are more specific, fixed-term financial plans used for resource allocation and control, while forecasts provide estimates of future financial performance, allowing for flexibility and adaptability to changing circumstances. Both tools are valuable in financial planning and decision-making, but they serve different functions.

 Applications 
Forecasting has applications in a wide range of fields where estimates of future conditions are useful. Depending on the field, accuracy varies significantly. If the factors that relate to what is being forecast are known and well understood and there is a significant amount of data that can be used, it is likely the final value will be close to the forecast. If this is not the case or if the actual outcome is affected by the forecasts, the reliability of the forecasts can be significantly lower.Climate change and increasing energy prices have led to the use of Egain Forecasting for buildings. This attempts to reduce the energy needed to heat the building, thus reducing the emission of greenhouse gases. Forecasting is used in customer demand planning in everyday business for manufacturing and distribution companies.
While the veracity of predictions for actual stock returns are disputed through reference to the efficient-market hypothesis, forecasting of broad economic trends is common. Such analysis is provided by both non-profit groups as well as by for-profit private institutions.Forecasting foreign exchange movements is typically achieved through a combination of chart and fundamental analysis. An essential difference between chart analysis and fundamental economic analysis is that chartists study only the price action of a market, whereas fundamentalists attempt to look to the reasons behind the action. Financial institutions assimilate the evidence provided by their fundamental and chartist researchers into one note to provide a final projection on the currency in question.Forecasting has also been used to predict the development of conflict situations. Forecasters perform research that uses empirical results to gauge the effectiveness of certain forecasting models. However research has shown that there is little difference between the accuracy of the forecasts of experts knowledgeable in the conflict situation and those by individuals who knew much less. Similarly, experts in some studies argue that role thinking — standing in other people's shoes to forecast their decisions — does not contribute to the accuracy of the forecast.An important, albeit often ignored aspect of forecasting, is the relationship it holds with planning. Forecasting can be described as predicting what the future will look like, whereas planning predicts what the future should look like. There is no single right forecasting method to use. Selection of a method should be based on your objectives and your conditions (data etc.). A good place to find a method, is by visiting a selection tree. An example of a selection tree can be found here.Forecasting has application in many situations:

Supply chain management and customer demand planning — Forecasting can be used in supply chain management to ensure that the right product is at the right place at the right time. Accurate forecasting will help retailers reduce excess inventory and thus increase profit margin. Accurate forecasting will also help them meet consumer demand. The discipline of demand planning, also sometimes referred to as supply chain forecasting, embraces both statistical forecasting and a consensus process. Studies have shown that extrapolations are the least accurate, while company earnings forecasts are the most reliable.
Economic forecasting
Earthquake prediction
Egain forecasting
Energy forecasting for renewable power integration
Finance against risk of default via credit ratings and credit scores
Land use forecasting
Player and team performance in sports
Political forecasting
Product forecasting
Sales forecasting
Technology forecasting
Telecommunications forecasting
Transport planning and forecasting
Weather forecasting, flood forecasting and meteorology

 Forecasting as training, betting and futarchy 
In several cases, the forecast is either more or less than a prediction of the future.
In Philip E. Tetlock's Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction, he discusses forecasting as a method of improving the ability to make decisions. A person can become better calibrated — i.e. having things they give 10% credence to happening 10% of the time. Or they can forecast things more confidently — coming to the same conclusion but earlier. Some have claimed that forecasting is a transferable skill with benefits to other areas of discussion and decision making.Betting on sports or politics is another form of forecasting. Rather than being used as advice, bettors are paid based on if they predicted correctly. While decisions might be made based on these bets (forecasts), the main motivation is generally financial.
Finally, futarchy is a form of government where forecasts of the impact of government action are used to decide which actions are taken. Rather than advice, in futarchy's strongest form, the action with the best forecasted result is automatically taken.

 Forecast improvements 
Forecast improvement projects have been operated in a number of sectors: the National Hurricane Center's Hurricane Forecast Improvement Project (HFIP)  and the Wind Forecast Improvement Project sponsored by the US Department of Energy are examples. In relation to supply chain management, the Du Pont model has been used to show that an increase in forecast accuracy can generate increases in sales and reductions in inventory, operating expenses and commitment of working capital.

 Categories of forecasting methods 

 Qualitative vs. quantitative methods 
Qualitative forecasting techniques are subjective, based on the opinion and judgment of consumers and experts; they are appropriate when past data are not available.
They are usually applied to intermediate- or long-range decisions. Examples of qualitative forecasting methods are informed opinion and judgment, the Delphi method, market research, and historical life-cycle analogy.
Quantitative forecasting models are used to forecast future data as a function of past data. They are appropriate to use when past numerical data is available and when it is reasonable to assume that some of the patterns in the data are expected to continue into the future.
These methods are usually applied to short- or intermediate-range decisions. Examples of quantitative forecasting methods are last period demand, simple and weighted N-Period moving averages, simple exponential smoothing, Poisson process model based forecasting and multiplicative seasonal indexes. Previous research shows that different methods may lead to different level of forecasting accuracy. For example, GMDH neural network was found to have  better forecasting performance than the classical forecasting algorithms such as Single Exponential Smooth, Double Exponential Smooth, ARIMA and back-propagation neural network.

 Average approach 
In this approach, the predictions of all future values are equal to the mean of the past data. This approach can be used with any sort of data where past data is available. In time series notation:

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                y
                ^
              
            
          
          
            T
            +
            h
            
              |
            
            T
          
        
        =
        
          
            
              y
              ¯
            
          
        
        =
        (
        
          y
          
            1
          
        
        +
        .
        .
        .
        +
        
          y
          
            T
          
        
        )
        
          /
        
        T
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\hat {y}}_{T+h|T}={\bar {y}}=(y_{1}+...+y_{T})/T}
   where 
  
    
      
        
          y
          
            1
          
        
        ,
        .
        .
        .
        ,
        
          y
          
            T
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle y_{1},...,y_{T}}
   is the past data.
Although the time series notation has been used here, the average approach can also be used for cross-sectional data (when we are predicting unobserved values; values that are not included in the data set). Then, the prediction for unobserved values is the average of the observed values.

 Naïve approach 
Naïve forecasts are the most cost-effective forecasting model, and provide a benchmark against which more sophisticated models can be compared. This forecasting method is only suitable for time series data. Using the naïve approach, forecasts are produced that are equal to the last observed value. This method works quite well for economic and financial time series, which often have patterns that are difficult to reliably and accurately predict. If the time series is believed to have seasonality, the seasonal naïve approach may be more appropriate where the forecasts are equal to the value from last season. In time series notation:

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                y
                ^
              
            
          
          
            T
            +
            h
            
              |
            
            T
          
        
        =
        
          y
          
            T
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\hat {y}}_{T+h|T}=y_{T}}
  

 Drift method 
A variation on the naïve method is to allow the forecasts to increase or decrease over time, where the amount of change over time (called the drift) is set to be the average change seen in the historical data. So the forecast for time 
  
    
      
        T
        +
        h
      
    
    {\displaystyle T+h}
   is given by

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                y
                ^
              
            
          
          
            T
            +
            h
            
              |
            
            T
          
        
        =
        
          y
          
            T
          
        
        +
        
          
            h
            
              T
              −
              1
            
          
        
        
          ∑
          
            t
            =
            2
          
          
            T
          
        
        (
        
          y
          
            t
          
        
        −
        
          y
          
            t
            −
            1
          
        
        )
        =
        
          y
          
            T
          
        
        +
        h
        
          (
          
            
              
                
                  y
                  
                    T
                  
                
                −
                
                  y
                  
                    1
                  
                
              
              
                T
                −
                1
              
            
          
          )
        
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\hat {y}}_{T+h|T}=y_{T}+{\frac {h}{T-1}}\sum _{t=2}^{T}(y_{t}-y_{t-1})=y_{T}+h\left({\frac {y_{T}-y_{1}}{T-1}}\right).}
    This is equivalent to drawing a line between the first and last observation, and extrapolating it into the future.

 Seasonal naïve approach 
The seasonal naïve method accounts for seasonality by setting each prediction to be equal to the last observed value of the same season. For example, the prediction value for all subsequent months of April will be equal to the previous value observed for April. The forecast for time 
  
    
      
        T
        +
        h
      
    
    {\displaystyle T+h}
   is

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                y
                ^
              
            
          
          
            T
            +
            h
            
              |
            
            T
          
        
        =
        
          y
          
            T
            +
            h
            −
            m
            (
            k
            +
            1
            )
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\hat {y}}_{T+h|T}=y_{T+h-m(k+1)}}
  where 
  
    
      
        m
      
    
    {\displaystyle m}
  =seasonal period and 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
   is the smallest integer greater than 
  
    
      
        (
        h
        −
        1
        )
        
          /
        
        m
      
    
    {\displaystyle (h-1)/m}
  .
The seasonal naïve method is particularly useful for data that has a very high level of seasonality.

 Deterministic approach 
A deterministic approach is when there is no stochastic variable involved and the forecasts depend on the selected functions and parameters. For example, given the function    

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                
                  f
                  
                    n
                  
                
                (
                
                  x
                  
                    t
                  
                
                )
                =
                
                  
                    
                      1
                      
                        (
                        1
                        +
                        
                          x
                          
                            t
                          
                          
                            n
                          
                        
                        )
                      
                    
                  
                
                
                ,
                
                n
                ∈
                
                  
                    N
                  
                
                ,
                
                x
                ∈
                
                  
                    R
                  
                
                .
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\begin{aligned}f_{n}(x_{t})={\dfrac {1}{(1+x_{t}^{n})}}\,,\qquad n\in {\mathbb {N} },\;x\in {\mathbb {R} }.\end{aligned}}}
  
The  short term behaviour 
  
    
      
        
          x
          
            t
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{t}}
    and the is the medium-long term trend 
  
    
      
        
          y
          
            t
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle y_{t}}
   are 

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                
                  
                    {
                    
                      
                        
                          
                            
                              x
                              
                                t
                                +
                                1
                              
                            
                            =
                            α
                            
                              f
                              
                                n
                              
                            
                            (
                            
                              x
                              
                                t
                              
                            
                            )
                            +
                            γ
                            
                            
                              y
                              
                                t
                              
                            
                            +
                            δ
                          
                        
                        
                          
                            
                              y
                              
                                t
                                +
                                1
                              
                            
                            =
                            β
                            
                            
                              y
                              
                                t
                              
                            
                            −
                            μ
                            
                            
                              x
                              
                                t
                              
                            
                            +
                            η
                          
                        
                      
                    
                    
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\begin{aligned}{\left\{{\begin{array}{ll}x_{t+1}=\alpha f_{n}(x_{t})+\gamma \,y_{t}+\delta \\y_{t+1}=\beta \,y_{t}-\mu \,x_{t}+\eta \end{array}}\right.}\end{aligned}}}
  where 
  
    
      
        α
        ,
        γ
        ,
        β
        ,
        μ
        ,
        η
      
    
    {\displaystyle \alpha ,\gamma ,\beta ,\mu ,\eta }
   are some parameters.
This approach has been proposed to simulate bursts of seemingly stochastic activity, interrupted by quieter periods. The assumption is that the presence of a strong deterministic ingredient is hidden by noise. The deterministic approach is noteworthy as it can reveal the underlying dynamical systems structure, which can be exploited for steering the dynamics into a desired regime.

 Time series methods 
Time series methods use historical data as the basis of estimating future outcomes.
They are based on the assumption that past demand history is a good indicator of future demand.

Moving average
Weighted moving average
Exponential smoothing
Autoregressive moving average (ARMA) (forecasts depend on past values of the variable being forecast and on past prediction errors)
Autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) (ARMA on the period-to-period change in the forecast variable)e.g. Box–Jenkins
Seasonal ARIMA or SARIMA or ARIMARCH,Extrapolation
Linear prediction
Trend estimation (predicting the variable as a linear or polynomial function of time)
Growth curve (statistics)
Recurrent neural network

 Relational methods 
Some forecasting methods try to identify the underlying factors that might influence the variable that is being forecast. For example, including information about climate patterns might improve the ability of a model to predict umbrella sales. Forecasting models often take account of regular seasonal variations. In addition to climate, such variations can also be due to holidays and customs: for example, one might predict that sales of college football apparel will be higher during the football season than during the off season.Several informal methods used in causal forecasting do not rely solely on the output of mathematical algorithms, but instead use the judgment of the forecaster. Some forecasts take account of past relationships between variables: if one variable has, for example, been approximately linearly related to another for a long period of time, it may be appropriate to extrapolate such a relationship into the future, without necessarily understanding the reasons for the relationship.
Causal methods include:

Regression analysis includes a large group of methods for predicting future values of a variable using information about other variables. These methods include both parametric (linear or non-linear) and non-parametric techniques.
Autoregressive moving average with exogenous inputs (ARMAX)Quantitative forecasting models are often judged against each other by comparing their in-sample or out-of-sample mean square error, although some researchers have advised against this. Different forecasting approaches have different levels of accuracy. For example, it was found in one context that GMDH has higher forecasting accuracy than traditional ARIMA.

 Judgmental methods 
Judgmental forecasting methods incorporate intuitive judgement, opinions and subjective probability estimates. Judgmental forecasting is used in cases where there is a lack of historical data or during completely new and unique market conditions.Judgmental methods include:

Composite forecasts
Cooke's method
Delphi method
Forecast by analogy
Scenario building
Statistical surveys
Technology forecasting

 Artificial intelligence methods 
Artificial neural networks
Group method of data handling
Support vector machinesOften these are done today by specialized programs loosely labeled

Data mining
Machine learning
Pattern recognition

 Geometric extrapolation with error prediction 
Can be created with 3 points of a sequence and the "moment" or "index". This type of extrapolation has 100% accuracy in predictions in a big percentage of known series database (OEIS).

 Other methods 
Granger causality
Simulation
Prediction market
Probabilistic forecasting and Ensemble forecasting

 Forecasting accuracy 
The forecast error (also known as a residual) is the difference between the actual value and the forecast value for the corresponding period:

  
    
      
         
        
          E
          
            t
          
        
        =
        
          Y
          
            t
          
        
        −
        
          F
          
            t
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \ E_{t}=Y_{t}-F_{t}}
  where E is the forecast error at period t, Y is the actual value at period t, and F is the forecast for period t.
A good forecasting method will yield residuals that are uncorrelated. If there are correlations between residual values, then there is information left in the residuals which should be used in computing forecasts. This can be accomplished by computing the expected value of a residual as a function of the known past residuals, and adjusting the forecast by the amount by which this expected value differs from zero.
A good forecasting method will also have zero mean. If the residuals have a mean other than zero, then the forecasts are biased and can be improved by adjusting the forecasting technique by an additive constant that equals the mean of the unadjusted residuals.
Measures of aggregate error:

 Scaled-dependent errors 
The forecast error, E, is on the same scale as the data, as such, these accuracy measures are scale-dependent and cannot be used to make comparisons between series on different scales.
Mean absolute error (MAE) or mean absolute deviation (MAD): 
  
    
      
         
        M
        A
        E
        =
        M
        A
        D
        =
        
          
            
              
                ∑
                
                  t
                  =
                  1
                
                
                  N
                
              
              
                |
              
              
                E
                
                  t
                
              
              
                |
              
            
            N
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \ MAE=MAD={\frac {\sum _{t=1}^{N}|E_{t}|}{N}}}
  
Mean squared error (MSE) or mean squared prediction error (MSPE): 
  
    
      
         
        M
        S
        E
        =
        M
        S
        P
        E
        =
        
          
            
              
                ∑
                
                  t
                  =
                  1
                
                
                  N
                
              
              
                
                  E
                  
                    t
                  
                  
                    2
                  
                
              
            
            N
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \ MSE=MSPE={\frac {\sum _{t=1}^{N}{E_{t}^{2}}}{N}}}
  
Root mean squared error (RMSE): 
  
    
      
         
        R
        M
        S
        E
        =
        
          
            
              
                
                  ∑
                  
                    t
                    =
                    1
                  
                  
                    N
                  
                
                
                  
                    E
                    
                      t
                    
                    
                      2
                    
                  
                
              
              N
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \ RMSE={\sqrt {\frac {\sum _{t=1}^{N}{E_{t}^{2}}}{N}}}}
  
Average of Errors (E): 
  
    
      
         
        
          
            
              E
              ¯
            
          
        
        =
        
          
            
              
                ∑
                
                  i
                  =
                  1
                
                
                  N
                
              
              
                
                  E
                  
                    i
                  
                
              
            
            N
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \ {\bar {E}}={\frac {\sum _{i=1}^{N}{E_{i}}}{N}}}
  

 Percentage errors 
These are more frequently used to compare forecast performance between different data sets because they are scale-independent. However, they have the disadvantage of being extremely large or undefined if Y is close to or equal to zero.
Mean absolute percentage error (MAPE): 
  
    
      
         
        M
        A
        P
        E
        =
        100
        ∗
        
          
            
              
                ∑
                
                  t
                  =
                  1
                
                
                  N
                
              
              
                |
              
              
                
                  
                    E
                    
                      t
                    
                  
                  
                    Y
                    
                      t
                    
                  
                
              
              
                |
              
            
            N
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \ MAPE=100*{\frac {\sum _{t=1}^{N}|{\frac {E_{t}}{Y_{t}}}|}{N}}}
  
Mean absolute percentage deviation (MAPD): 
  
    
      
         
        M
        A
        P
        D
        =
        
          
            
              
                ∑
                
                  t
                  =
                  1
                
                
                  N
                
              
              
                |
              
              
                E
                
                  t
                
              
              
                |
              
            
            
              
                ∑
                
                  t
                  =
                  1
                
                
                  N
                
              
              
                |
              
              
                Y
                
                  t
                
              
              
                |
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \ MAPD={\frac {\sum _{t=1}^{N}|E_{t}|}{\sum _{t=1}^{N}|Y_{t}|}}}
  

 Scaled errors 
Hyndman and Koehler (2006) proposed using scaled errors as an alternative to percentage errors.
Mean absolute scaled error (MASE): 
  
    
      
        M
        A
        S
        E
        =
        
          
            
              
                ∑
                
                  t
                  =
                  1
                
                
                  N
                
              
              
                |
              
              
                
                  
                    E
                    
                      t
                    
                  
                  
                    
                      
                        1
                        
                          N
                          −
                          m
                        
                      
                    
                    
                      ∑
                      
                        t
                        =
                        m
                        +
                        1
                      
                      
                        N
                      
                    
                    
                      |
                    
                    
                      Y
                      
                        t
                      
                    
                    −
                    
                      Y
                      
                        t
                        −
                        m
                      
                    
                    
                      |
                    
                  
                
              
              
                |
              
            
            N
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle MASE={\frac {\sum _{t=1}^{N}|{\frac {E_{t}}{{\frac {1}{N-m}}\sum _{t=m+1}^{N}|Y_{t}-Y_{t-m}|}}|}{N}}}
  
where m=seasonal period or 1 if non-seasonal

 Other measures 
Forecast skill (SS): 
  
    
      
         
        S
        S
        =
        1
        −
        
          
            
              M
              S
              
                E
                
                  f
                  o
                  r
                  e
                  c
                  a
                  s
                  t
                
              
            
            
              M
              S
              
                E
                
                  r
                  e
                  f
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \ SS=1-{\frac {MSE_{forecast}}{MSE_{ref}}}}
  
Business forecasters and practitioners sometimes use different terminology. They refer to the PMAD as the MAPE, although they compute this as a volume weighted MAPE. For more information, see Calculating demand forecast accuracy.
When comparing the accuracy of different forecasting methods on a specific data set, the measures of aggregate error are compared with each other and the method that yields the lowest error is preferred.

 Training and test sets 
When evaluating the quality of forecasts, it is invalid to look at how well a model fits the historical data; the accuracy of forecasts can only be determined by considering how well a model performs on new data that were not used when fitting the model. When choosing models, it is common to use a portion of the available data for fitting, and use the rest of the data for testing the model, as was done in the above examples.

 Cross-validation 
Cross-validation is a more sophisticated version of training a test set.
For cross-sectional data, one approach to cross-validation works as follows:

Select observation i for the test set, and use the remaining observations in the training set. Compute the error on the test observation.
Repeat the above step for  i = 1,2,..., N where N is the total number of observations.
Compute the forecast accuracy measures based on the errors obtained.This makes efficient use of the available data, as only one observation is omitted at each step
For time series data, the training set can only include observations prior to the test set. Therefore, no future observations can be used in constructing the forecast. Suppose k observations are needed to produce a reliable forecast; then the process works as follows:

Starting with i=1, select the observation k + i  for the test set, and use the observations at times  1, 2, ..., k+i–1 to estimate the forecasting model. Compute the error on the forecast for k+i.
Repeat the above step for i = 2,...,T–k  where T is the total number of observations.
Compute the forecast accuracy over all errors.This procedure is sometimes known as a "rolling forecasting origin" because the "origin" (k+i -1) at which the forecast is based rolls forward in time. Further, two-step-ahead or in general p-step-ahead forecasts can be computed by first forecasting the value immediately after the training set, then using this value with the training set values to forecast two periods ahead, etc.
See also

Calculating demand forecast accuracy
Consensus forecasts
Forecast error
Predictability
Prediction intervals, similar to confidence intervals
Reference class forecasting

 Seasonality and cyclic behaviour 

 Seasonality 

Seasonality is a characteristic of a time series in which the data experiences regular and predictable changes which recur every calendar year. Any predictable change or pattern in a time series that recurs or repeats over a one-year period can be said to be seasonal. It is common in many situations – such as grocery store or even in a Medical Examiner's office—that the demand depends on the day of the week. In such situations, the forecasting procedure calculates the seasonal index of the “season” – seven seasons, one for each day – which is the ratio of the average demand of that season (which is calculated by Moving Average or Exponential Smoothing using  historical data corresponding only to that season) to the  average demand across all seasons. An index higher than 1 indicates that demand is higher than average; an index less than 1 indicates that the demand is less than the average.

 Cyclic behaviour 
The cyclic behaviour of data takes place when there are regular fluctuations in the data which usually last for an interval of at least two years, and when the length of the current cycle cannot be predetermined. Cyclic behavior is not to be confused with seasonal behavior. Seasonal fluctuations follow a consistent pattern each year so the period is always known. As an example, during the Christmas period, inventories of stores tend to increase in order to prepare for Christmas shoppers. As an example of cyclic behaviour, the population of a particular natural ecosystem will exhibit cyclic behaviour when the population decreases as its natural food source decreases, and once the population is low, the food source will recover and the population will start to increase again. Cyclic data cannot be accounted for using ordinary seasonal adjustment since it is not of fixed period.

 Limitations 
Limitations pose barriers beyond which forecasting methods cannot reliably predict. There are many events and values that cannot be forecast reliably. Events such as the roll of a die or the results of the lottery cannot be forecast because they are random events and there is no significant relationship in the data. When the factors that lead to what is being forecast are not known or well understood such as in stock and foreign exchange markets forecasts are often inaccurate or wrong as there is not enough data about everything that affects these markets for the forecasts to be reliable, in addition the outcomes of the forecasts of these markets change the behavior of those involved in the market further reducing forecast accuracy.The concept of "self-destructing predictions" concerns the way in which some predictions can undermine themselves by influencing social behavior. This is because "predictors are part of the social context about which they are trying to make a prediction and may influence that context in the process". For example, a forecast that a large percentage of a population will become HIV infected based on existing trends may cause more people to avoid risky behavior and thus reduce the HIV infection rate, invalidating the forecast (which might have remained correct if it had not been publicly known). Or, a prediction that cybersecurity will become a major issue may cause organizations to implement more security cybersecurity measures, thus limiting the issue.

 Performance limits of fluid dynamics equations 
As proposed by Edward Lorenz in 1963, long range weather forecasts, those made at a range of two weeks or more, are impossible to definitively predict the state of the atmosphere, owing to the chaotic nature of the fluid dynamics equations involved. Extremely small errors in the initial input, such as temperatures and winds, within numerical models double every five days.

 See also 

 References 

 Sources 
Armstrong, J. Scott, ed. (2001). Principles of Forecasting: A Handbook for Researchers and Practitioners. Norwell, Massachusetts: Kluwer Academic Publishers. ISBN 978-0-7923-7930-0.
Ellis, Kimberly (2010). Production Planning and Inventory Control. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-412-03471-8.
Geisser, Seymour (June 1993). Predictive Inference: An Introduction. Chapman & Hall, CRC Press. ISBN 978-0-390-87106-0.
Gilchrist, Warren (1976). Statistical Forecasting. London: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-99403-9.
Hyndman, Rob J.; Koehler, Anne B. (October–December 2006). "Another look at measures of forecast accuracy" (PDF). International Journal of Forecasting. 22 (4): 679–688. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.154.9771. doi:10.1016/j.ijforecast.2006.03.001.
Makridakis, Spyros; Wheelwrigt, Steven; Hyndman, Rob J. (1998). Forecasting: Methods and Applications. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-53233-0.
Malakooti, Behnam (February 2014). Operations and Production Systems with Multiple Objectives. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-470-03732-4.
Kaligasidis, Angela Sasic; Taesler, Roger; Andersson, Cari; Nord, Margitta (August 2006). "Upgraded weather forecast control of building heating systems". In Fazio, Paul (ed.). Research in Building Physics and Building Engineering. Taylor & Francis, CRC Press. pp. 951–958. ISBN 978-0-415-41675-7.
Kress, George J.; Snyder, John (May 1994). Forecasting and Market Analysis Techniques: A Practical Approach. Quorum Books. ISBN 978-0-89930-835-7.
Rescher, Nicholas (1998). Predicting the Future: An Introduction to the Theory of Forecasting. State University of New York Press. ISBN 978-0-7914-3553-3.
Taesler, Roger (1991). "Climate and Building Energy Management". Energy and Buildings. 15 (1–2): 599–608. doi:10.1016/0378-7788(91)90028-2.
Turchin, Peter (2007). "Scientific Prediction in Historical Sociology: Ibn Khaldun meets Al Saud". History & Mathematics: Historical Dynamics and Development of Complex Societies. Moscow: KomKniga. pp. 9–38. ISBN 978-5-484-01002-8.
US patent 6098893, Berglund, Ulf Stefan & Lundberg, Bjorn Henry, "Comfort control system incorporating weather forecast data and a method for operating such a system", issued August 8, 2000 .

 External links 

 Media related to Prediction at Wikimedia Commons
Forecasting Principles: "Evidence-based forecasting"
International Institute of Forecasters
Introduction to Time series Analysis (Engineering Statistics Handbook) - A practical guide to Time series analysis and forecasting
Time Series Analysis
Global Forecasting with IFs
Earthquake Electromagnetic Precursor Research
Forecasting Science and Theory of Forecasting

Saints Row 2
Saints Row 2 is a 2008 action-adventure game developed by Volition and published by THQ. It is the sequel to 2006's Saints Row and the second installment in the Saints Row series. The game was released in October 2008 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, January 2009 for Microsoft Windows, and April 2016 for Linux. A mobile tie-in game was developed by G5 Entertainment and also released in October 2008. Saints Row 2 directly follows from the events of the first game, as the player's custom character awakens from a coma after five years to find that their gang, the 3rd Street Saints, has been disbanded, and their former territories taken over by newly-formed criminal syndicates and a corrupt corporation. With the help of new and old allies, the player attempts to rebuild the Saints and take back Stilwater from their rivals.
Story missions are unlocked by trading in "Respect" points, currency earned by completing minigames and side-missions. Outside of the main story, players can freely roam Stilwater, which has been expanded with new locations and consists of two main islands. The game is played from a third-person perspective and its world is navigated on-foot or by vehicle. Players can fight enemies using a variety of firearms, and call in non-playable gang members to assist them. An online multiplayer mode allows two players to explore Stilwater together while completing missions and activities, or multiple players to engage in a variety of cooperative and competitive game modes.
Saints Row 2's developers opted for a more comedic tone to set the game apart from the Grand Theft Auto series, with which the original game was compared by most reviewers for their similar premise and gameplay elements. The game's promotional effort included various public showings, special editions and downloadable content including the Ultor Exposed and Corporate Warfare mission packages. Reviews were largely favorable, praising the action and straightforward gameplay, while only criticizing technical issues. The Windows port in particular was heavily criticized for technical issues not present in any of the other versions. The game had sold around 400,000 units by November 2008, and 3.4 million units by September 2010. A sequel, Saints Row: The Third, was released in November 2011.

 Gameplay 
Saints Row 2 is an action-adventure video game set in an open world environment, offering the player a large open environment in which to move around. The player's character is capable of maneuvering through the environment, utilizing weaponry and engaging in melee combat warfare. After successfully completing the first game mission, the player meets the Third Street Saints and begin their devious schemes with the gang. Missions are unlocked by earning 'Respect' points from minigames and side-missions and although completing missions is necessary for game progression, players can complete them at their own leisure. The player is granted the option of instantly retrying the missions should they fail an attempt. Numerous checkpoints save progress in each mission, and missions can be replayed from locations within the environment. Aside from attempting missions, the player can explore the environment, purchase items at shops and participate in the aforementioned mini-games and side-missions. The player can also wreak havoc upon the city of Stilwater which can provoke potentially fatal attention from authoritative forces. The player can recruit members from a friendly gang and use a mobile phone to contact friends and/or businesses, as well as to input cheat codes. Entering cheats will disable Xbox 360 achievements.
Players drive vehicles that are stolen, bought or unlocked. Aside from automobiles, players can use boats and water craft, helicopters, fixed-wing aircraft, and motorcycles. A cruise control system can be activated while using land or sea vehicles. Waypoints can be placed on the pause-screen map, leaving a GPS route between the player character's location and the set destination. Players can hail taxicab services and pay a fee to quickly navigate the city. By taking land vehicles to Mechanics, players can apply paint schemes, body mods, hydraulics and nitrous oxide.
Players create their own character through a system that allows them to modify gender, ethnicity, fitness, voice, face and hairstyle. Walk and fighting styles, and personality traits can be assigned. Players purchase clothes, tattoos and piercings, and set outfits can be bought or created and saved to the player character's wardrobe. "Cribs" (safe houses) allow players to withdraw earnings, change outfits, replay missions and save the game. Cribs can be customized by applying themes and purchasing objects like TVs and pool tables. Boats and fixed-wing aircraft can be stored at purchased docks and hangars. Players select the outfits, vehicles, gestures and graffiti styles used by street members of the Third Street Saints.The combat systems from Saints Row have been updated but many of the basics remain unchanged. While engaging in melee-based combat, the player character will perform combos and charge up attacks, and can execute a finishing move if three consecutive hits are dealt. With a gun equipped, the player can perform a groin attack, and can zoom in for a finer aim reticle. The player can also employ the use of human shields, and can use makeshift weapons pulled from the environment e.g. fire hydrants, cement blocks. Should the player either commit illegal activities or incite rival gang members, they will provoke potentially fatal attention from authoritative figures or rival gangs. The notoriety bar is a visual representation of the proactivity of the opposing figures' response and continual inciting of these groups will bring about a more powerful response, such as SWAT teams from the police. The player will continue to be chased by these groups until captured or killed and must reduce the notoriety bar by either hiding from the police or gang and wait for it to "cool off", or by seeking out a drive-through confessional which will clear the notoriety bar for a small fee. Should the player character be apprehended or killed, a small percentage of the player's earnings will be removed and the player will respawn at law or healthcare institutions. The game contains over forty different weapons, many of which have been recycled from Saints Row. The game allows the player to utilise new weapon types, examples of which include satchel charges, laser-guided rocket launchers, chainsaws and more. The player has the ability to dual wield handguns and submachine guns. Weaponry can be purchased by the player from specific stores or unlocked throughout in-game progress.

 Open world 
Players navigate the open world, fictional city of Stilwater. The city consists of forty-five neighborhoods divided between twenty districts. It is expanded from Saints Row's version of Stilwater, roughly one-and-a-half times as big and featuring new districts such as the prison, nuclear power plant, and expanded airport among others. Game developers stated that the city has very much been redeveloped and each individual neighborhood has been touched up in one way or another. According to the storyline, the in-game corporation Ultor spent more than 300 million dollars redeveloping the city, funding the police force and, as it states, turning the "once crime-ridden third-tier city" into an "urban utopia". The Saint's Row district is a more notable change within the city, having been completely redesigned and serving as the location of Ultor's headquarters; a towering skyscraper referred to as the Phillips Building. Many old districts from the earlier revision of Stilwater have also seen changes. Examples include the expansion taken place on the Suburbs district, which is double the size of its depiction in Saints Row and the Museum district, which features the Eramenos Ancient Greek museum exhibit, complete with models of the Acropolis of Athens and Theatre of Dionysus. There are also several completely new districts, such as the Marina and the University.From the beginning of the game, the map of Stilwater is fully visible. However, shops and activities will simply be displayed as a question mark until the player discovers them. By completing missions and wiping out enemy strongholds the player gains control of the various neighborhoods the city is split into. There are over 130 interiors within the city, and hidden events can be triggered by some, including over ninety shops which can be purchased when the player controls each shops' associated territory. The player gets a 10% discount at owned stores and buying an entire chain of departments will mean that the protagonist's face appears on in-game billboard advertisements. The game shares technology with that of Red Faction: Guerrilla, another Volition-developed game and so certain elements of the environment are fully destructible. A number of Easter eggs are placed within the sandbox, including the pop-out Easter Bunny which won "Top Easter Egg of 2008".

 Respect system 
The Respect system is a scoring system where the player earns Respect points to unlock missions and progress through the storyline. The player can partake in storyline and stronghold missions only after filling up at least one bar of Respect, and Respect points are removed when the player starts a mission. The 'style rank' is a modifier of how much Respect the player can earn; this is increased by purchasing items for the player character. Respect points can be earned in two ways; by progressing through side-missions called Activities and by completing mini-games and stunts called Diversions.There are a broad range of Activities and Diversions available for the player to progress through. Many of the game's Activities made appearance in Saints Row and a variety of new Activities have also been introduced in the game. Examples include an underground fight club, a parody of the Cops television show known as FUZZ and numerous others. Each Activity can be initiated from various locations and plays out over six levels of increasing difficulty. The Activities have been designed to suit solo and co-operative play. Most Diversions do not have specific start points. There are numerous Diversions playable in the game, such as acts of indecent exposure, combat and driving stunts, car surfing and a survival horror minigame called Zombie Uprising.

 Multiplayer 
Saints Row 2 has various multiplayer components implemented throughout the game. Through an online network or through System Linking, the player can progress through the game with a cooperative partner. While in co-op mode, both players can explore the city and progress through the game's storyline missions and minigames. Both players are rewarded and credited for completion of such activities, and the players can furthermore play against each other in competitive metagames. The co-op mode is "drop-in/drop-out" and there is no limit as to how far the players can be away from each other.The game contains competitive multiplayer modes, supporting between four and twelve players in a match. There are two standard deathmatch modes; the free-for-all "Gangsta Brawl" mode and its team-based variant, "Team Gangsta Brawl". Another mode, known as "Strong Arm", puts two teams against each other fighting for control over the neighborhood. In "Strong Arm", the first team to earn $100,000,000 dollars wins and money is earned by competing head-to-head in activities, controlling "tag spots" which serve as bonus modifiers or by eliminating members of the opposing team. While in a party, players are free to roam around a lobby. The player can rank up in multiplayer and displays this by earning various "badges" which are displayed next to the player's name. By ranking up, the player can unlock more expensive clothing for their multiplayer character.The multiplayer mode on PC and PlayStation 3 was discontinued in May 2014 when GameSpy's servers were shut down. However, the PC version's multiplayer can still be played via LAN tunneling software such as Evolve or Tunngle and the PS3 version's multiplayer can still be played using XLink Kai. The Xbox 360 versions of the game were unaffected as they use the Xbox network for matchmaking.

 Plot 
Five years after the explosion on Richard Hughes' yacht, the player character (Charles Shaughnessy, Kenn Michael, Alex Mendoza, Katie Semine, G.K. Bowes, or Rebecca Sanabria), who was the sole survivor, awakens from a coma within the infirmary of Stilwater's maximum security prison after undergoing extensive plastic surgery. They escape to Stilwater with the help of Carlos Mendoza (Joe Camareno), the brother of a former 3rd Street Saints member, who explains that the gang has since disbanded. Most members were arrested by Troy Bradshaw (Michael Rapaport), an undercover cop who had infiltrated the gang as a lieutenant, and who has since become Chief of Police, using his influence to protect the imprisoned Saints. In the gang's absence, their former base of operations, the Saint's Row district, has been redeveloped into a pristine commercial and residential area by the Ultor Corporation, who have further plans for Stilwater.
The player works to rebuild the Saints by rescuing their former lieutenant Johnny Gat (Daniel Dae Kim) from his trial; recruiting new members, including Carlos and Gat's acquaintances Pierce Washington (Arif S. Kinchen) and Shaundi (Eliza Dushku), whom they quickly promote to lieutenants; and setting up a new headquarters in a hotel destroyed by an earthquake. Eventually, the player steps up as the Saints' new leader, earning the monicker of "The Boss", and declares war on the new gangs that have taken over the city during their absence, assigning their lieutenants to discover more about each.
• Gat and Pierce focus on the Ronin, a Japanese bosozoku gang who conduct gambling and porn operations, led by Shogo Akuji (Yuri Lowenthal) and his second-in-command, Jyunichi (Brian Tee) – on behalf of Shogo's father, Kazuo, who leads international operations. After the Saints rob their casino, the Ronin retaliate by infiltrating the home of Gat's girlfriend Aisha (Sy Smith), killing her and severely wounding Gat. After Gat recovers, he and the Boss retaliate by killing Jyunichi (who was sold out by Shogo, out of envy for Jyunichi's closer bond with Kazuo), Shogo (whom they bury alive after he ambushes them at Aisha's funeral) and ultimately Kazuo, ending the Ronin.
• Carlos researches the Brotherhood, an outlaw gang who conduct gun-running operations, led by Maero (Michael Dorn), his girlfriend Jessica (Jaime Pressly), and tattoo artist Matt (Anthony Pulcini). Also working with the Brotherhood is Donnie (Andrew Kishino), who became their mechanic after the fall of the Westside Rollerz. After the Boss rejects Maero's offer to join forces and split their profits 80-20, a series of tit-for-tat retaliations results in the deaths of Carlos (who is dragged from the hitch of a speeding truck before Boss mercy kills him) and Jessica (who the Boss traps in the trunk of her car and inadvertently crushed by Maero with his monster truck). After failing to kill Maero during an assault of the Brotherhood's base which results in Matt's death, the Boss kills him during a demolition derby.
• Shaundi investigates the Sons of Samedi, a Haitian voodoo gang who run drugs operations, led by "The General" (Greg Eagles) and his right-hand, Mr. Sunshine (Phil LaMarr). One of Shaundi's exes, DJ Veteran Child (Neil Patrick Harris), is a high-ranking lieutenant, who is forced by the gang to kidnap Shaundi after the Saints interfere in their operations and steal most of their customers. The Boss kills Veteran Child to rescue Shaundi, before focusing on eliminating the Sons of Samedi by killing Mr. Sunshine and the General.
After defeating all the rival gangs, the Saints find themselves targeted by Ultor's power-hungry CEO, Dane Vogel (Jay Mohr), who was playing the gangs against each other to lower real estate values in Stilwater, which Ultor could then purchase and redevelop. After fending off several attacks by Ultor's private security forces, the Saints retaliate by destroying one of the company's labs and killing its board of directors. Taking advantage of this to assume full control of Ultor, Vogel decides to personally deal with the Saints, but before he can do so, he finds himself targeted by them at a press conference. Escaping back to the Ultor Building, Vogel is pursued by the Boss, who fights their way to Vogel's office and kills him. Afterward, the Saints return to ruling over Stilwater undisputed.
At any point during the game, the Boss can listen to wiretap conversations between Troy and former Saints leader Julius Little (Keith David) at the police station, which reveal that Troy asked Julius to disband the gang in exchange for not arresting certain members. Knowing that the player would disagree, Julius attempted to kill them on Hughes' yacht, then retired. The Boss calls former Saints lieutenant Dex Jackson, who left the gang to work for Ultor, to discuss their findings, and agrees to meet him in person. When they arrive at the Saints' old church base, however, the Boss is met by Julius instead, and realizes Dex lured them both to a trap. After surviving an attack by Ultor's security forces, the Boss and Julius argue over what the Saints have become, before the Boss executes Julius in revenge.

 Development 
Volition began work on Saints Row 2 in 2005, about a year before Saints Row was released. The sequel was first announced by THQ's CEO Brian Farrell in a February 2007 conference call, alongside another six franchise continuations for the 2008 fiscal year. Game details began to surface in May 2008 after the first teaser trailer was released and sites like IGN and GameSpot reported on an early version of the game.One of the development team's core goals was to develop an identity for the Saints Row franchise within the open world genre. The series was known as a "Grand Theft Auto clone" based on its first release's similarities to the open world sandbox game Grand Theft Auto III. Accordingly, Saints Row 2 was compared to the Grand Theft Auto series' own upcoming sequel, Grand Theft Auto IV. When questioned about the two sequels' close release dates, lead producer Greg Donovan responded that they thought their game could compete, that he saw the Grand Theft Auto sequel moving "in a more realistic direction", and that there was "room for more than just one game" in the open world genre as "a very different experience than what ... other games are looking to do". The team took an "over-the-top" design approach, with cartoonish pastiche and "wild and outrageous" gameplay. Many early game elements were considered too crass to be included in the final release.Many of the original Saints Row developers continued onto the sequel's team. Thus, the team worked from their lessons learned rather than starting anew. The two games were consequently similar in design. They overhauled the game engine to enhance the sequel's graphics, and added contrast and higher-quality textures to make the city setting of Stilwater more realistic. Visual enhancements were also applied to people, cars, explosions, lighting, shadows, and the weather system. A central design goal was to "create a world that exists independent of the player" that featured more realistic non-player characters (NPCs) that would smoke cigarettes, use cellphones, drink coffee, open umbrellas when it rained, and physically interact. The original game's engine could not support proximity NPC interaction like sitting together or cuddling. As the city design finalized late in development, the team laboriously hand-placed 20,000 nodes throughout the game world that trigger NPC actions.The Saints Row series narrative was conceived as a three-part story, with Saints Row 2 as the second of the three. While the developers continued the story of the original game, they sought to accommodate newcomers to the series. The final script had roughly 80,000 lines of dialogue, twice that of Saints Row's. The story drew strong cinematic influence from Quentin Tarantino films Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill. While the script was written to follow "a path of betrayal, revenge and redemption", the game retains Saints Row's light humor, with the "over-the-top, socially distorted" narrative juxtaposed with dark, gritty moments. Saints Row's silent protagonist speaks in Saints Row 2, granting the protagonist more personality and improving the storytelling, according to James Tsai, one of the lead designers. They sought to heavily stylize the game's characters and assign them unique personality traits. The basic character designs followed naturally from the story Volition wanted to tell, but the characters' personalities and mannerisms were mainly a product of the voice acting performances, where the actors had freedom to interpret and develop their characters. The game's voice actors include film and television stars such as Neil Patrick Harris, Michael Dorn, Mila Kunis, Jay Mohr, Keith David, and Eliza Dushku.While the first game was released as an Xbox 360 exclusive, Volition expanded the sequel's initial development to the PlayStation 3 platform. The platform was successful in Europe, where Volition wished to expand. The port was developed in-house by a team that previously worked on Xbox 360 development. They struggled with the PlayStation 3's Cell architecture. The game was particularly unstable during development, and would crash after several hours of play. Lead producer Greg Donovan blamed their "failing to take systems and features to completion" as programmers fought last-minute bugs, artists lacked time to finalize designs, and consequently, playtest versions were not ready until late in the development cycle.

 Soundtrack and audio 
The game's soundtrack features about 170 licensed tracks accessible across twelve in-game radio stations while driving or at home. Station genres include pop, rock, hip-hop, R&B, funk, soul, alternative, indie, metal, easy listening, world, classical, reggae, and electronic with artists such as As I Lay Dying, Opeth, Duran Duran, Lamb of God, The Used, My Chemical Romance, Avenged Sevenfold, Paramore, Panic! at the Disco and Run-D.M.C. The player can create a custom playlist of the licensed tracks to play on a separate station. Lead audio designer Frank Petreikis's budget for licensed music was double that of the previous game so as to secure more prominent tracks.Volition extended the game's over-the-top atmosphere and humor into the radio stations via commercials. For example, commercials that promoted Ultor Corporation products served to enhance the player's sense of the corporation's omnipresence in Stilwater. The radio commercials were recorded with voice actors in the same room, rather than apart, so as to maximize their group dynamism. Many of the in-game commercials went through several drafts and the developers found this writing process to be challenging.

 Marketing 
Prior to its release, Saints Row 2 was heavily marketed and promoted through Internet and television trailers. Volition also ran several fan contests with series-related paraphernalia as prizes. The game's original release date was delayed for marketing considerations. The game's first trailer, in March 2008, was presented as a tourism promotion about the Ultor Corporation's role in rebuilding Stilwater. A full marketing campaign featuring American film actor Gary Busey began the next month. The Street Lessons with Uncle Gary video series demonstrated particular aspects of gameplay. Subsequent trailers over the next several months also highlighted gameplay elements, but one made light of Grand Theft Auto IV's lack of replay value, and another demonstrated the cooperative mode using characters modeled on the candidates from the 2008 United States presidential election. A redesigned official website and community network was launched in July 2008, and American pornographic actress Tera Patrick was featured in her own marketing campaign for the game.Promotional contests throughout mid-2008 included "Pimp Your Crib" and "Summer of Bling". Another competition from THQ and WorthPlaying gave the winner a trip to a San Francisco Saints Row 2 multiplayer event and published their thoughts online. British fashion label Joystick Junkies ran a T-shirt design competition in September 2008, and the top entry was featured in the game's first downloadable content pack. Another round of "Summer of Bling" awarded the shirts as prizes. The "Trick Your Pack" tool launched in September let the player create their own game box art. There were also other promotions and give-aways. At conventions, Saints Row 2 appeared at the 2008 E3, THQ Gamer's Day, Comic Con, PAX, GameStop Expo, and Leipzig Games Conventions. The game also promoted itself in the Myspace Music Tour and November 2008, an Australian fundraiser for men's health. In November, THQ signed a deal with Massive Incorporated to include in-game advertisements on their Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 products. In-game and online, players can also find movie posters throughout the city that promote upcoming releases.

 Release 
The game was originally scheduled for release in North America on August 26, 2008, but was delayed to October 14 both to add final touches and to launch in a more advantageous release window. The game released in three different "Collectors Editions", each with a copy of the game, a poster, a limited edition art book, and several extras. The Saints Row 2 "Initiation Pack", exclusive to Australia and New Zealand, included promotional items such as a pizza box and bullet-shaped USB memory stick. The Russia-exclusive "Gift - Buka Edition" also included the bullet-shaped USB stick, and the "Gun Pack" included a gun-shaped USB stick. A month before the game's release, Saints Row 2 producer Dan Sutton stated in an interview that they "definitely" planned to make downloadable content.

 PC releases 
In June 2008, THQ confirmed that a Microsoft Windows port of the game was in development. It was developed by the localization team at CD Projekt, the CD Projekt Localisation Centre. The studio later became known as Porting House, and has been referred to by Volition as "CD Projekt Black" (in parallel to CD Projekt Red). The port was released in North America on January 5, 2009, in Europe on January 23, and in Australia on February 5. In April 2016, Volition released a Linux port of the Windows version.In the aftermath of the auctioning of THQ's assets following its bankruptcy in 2013, the source code for the PC port of Saints Row 2 was believed to be lost. In the interim, the game has become highly unplayable, with no multiplayer support following the shutdown of the GameSpy service. In October 2019, Volition announced it had found the source code and that it would begin work to rebuild the game for modern systems, including replacing GameSpy with Steam matchmaking support, along with allowing for user mods. Additionally, when the update is released it will contain the two DLCs, "Ultor Exposed" and "Corporate Warfare" which had not been previously released for personal computers. The community manager that had led the effort, Mike Watson (also known as "IdolNinja"), died from cancer on August 5, 2021, but he was aware his condition had been deteriorating in the prior year and ensured that the work was moved to a small team with Volition's and Deep Silver's support to continue on without his lead.

 Downloadable content 
Saints Row 2 received several downloadable content (DLC) releases, including two episodic expansion packs: Ultor Exposed and Corporate Warfare.
Ultor Exposed adds character customization and vehicle options, including Red Faction: Guerrilla-themed content. The Saints attempt to destroy Ultor and they get help from an Ultor worker, Tera, to expose Ultor's darker side. It also adds multiplayer content, including four online multiplayer maps and a cooperative mode metagame wherein players compete for a cash bonus during story missions by accumulating points from special kill bonuses and property damage. The pack's missions feature American pornographic actress Tera Patrick, who plays a whistleblower and former microbiologist for the Ultor Corporation. Originally slated for release on April 16, 2009, the pack was delayed a week to April 23 so it could be released alongside the demo for Volition-developed game Red Faction: Guerrilla. It was released on April 23, 2009. IGN praised the game's new co-op metagame but criticized its relatively short missions. Eurogamer gave a negative review and criticized its value proposition.Corporate Warfare focuses on the struggle between the 3rd Street Saints and the Ultor Corporation. The pack adds character costume, facial hair, and vehicle options. It also includes three multiplayer maps and another cooperative mode metagame wherein players compete in ranking by performing vehicle stunts. Corporate Warfare was released via digital download on May 28, 2009.

 Reception 

The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 releases of the game received "generally favorable" reviews, according to video game review score aggregator Metacritic, and the Windows release received "mixed or average" reviews.Yahtzee Croshaw of The Escapist's Zero Punctuation named Saints Row 2 his 2008 game of the year. It was a runner-up for GameShark's overall and Xbox 360 games of the year. Game Developer named Volition in their top 50 developers of the year for their work on the game, and THQ in their top 20 publishers.The console version of Saints Row 2 garnered generally positive reviews. The PC version was relatively less well received due to frame rate issues and visual pop-in. 1UP.com gave the game a B, stating that it "relishes the hedonistic aspects of the open-world genre", that it has "plenty of innovation" and that the "excellence in the presentation makes the world of Saints [Row] 2 a great introduction for newcomers to open world games".Eurogamer gave the game a 9/10, stating that it "is one of the most ridiculous and enjoyable games of the year". Game Informer gave the game an 8.75/10, stating that "in its own silly, b-movie way, it's a damn fun game" and a "profately good time". GameSpot gave the game an 8.0/10, stating that "from beginning to end, this is one of the most fun urban chaos games out there" and that it will "keep you happily creating havoc for a long time". GameSpy gave the game four and a half stars out of five, stating that it "offers up a shooting and driving experience that is plenty of fun" and that it is "self-consciously funny in its irreverence" and "will definitely appeal to much of its audience".IGN U.S. gave the game an 8.2/10, stating that "the core gameplay experience is extremely enjoyable". IGN AU gave the game an 8/10, stating that it is "big, dumb fun". IGN UK gave the game a 7.5/10, stating that it "demonstrates that there is still plenty of mileage to be eked out of open-world games" and that "there's certainly enough here to keep any fans of sandbox violence entertained".Among positive acclaim, some publishers gave the game generally negative reviews. UK magazine Edge gave the game a 5/10, stating that "few of the game's details will stick in your mind for long, and its pranky focus means it rarely gives you anything interesting to do with the toys on offer".Entertainment Weekly flagged the game as "racist, misogynistic, crude, cynical, humorless and stupid" and labelled it the worst game of 2008, despite previously giving the game a B and calling it "a larcenous good time".The game did not gain a favourable response from New York City officials and police. City spokespersons requested that the game be pulled from shelves upon its release; NYPD union boss Patrick Lynch criticized the game, stating that "these horrible and violent video games desensitize young people to violence while encouraging depravity, immorality while glorifying criminal behavior".Jack Thompson, a former lawyer and longtime critic of violent video games, called Saints Row 2 a "Grand Theft Auto ripoff", and said that "as is true with pornography, as is true with violence, the subsequent products tend to push the envelope even more". On Tuesday, October 14, 2008, the game's US release date, candidate Leslie Crocker Snyder and others spoke out against the game, surrounded by police union members who support her bid.Governor David Paterson signed a bill in July 2008 requiring prominent display of age ratings on video games and mandating parental control on game consoles by 2010.In 2021, PC Gamer listed Saints Row 2 as one of the worst PC ports.

 Sales 
Saints Row 2 sold approximately 365,000 copies in its first month, outselling Dead Space, which was released the same day. The Xbox 360 version comprised the majority of these sales. The game shipped over two million units by the end of 2008. Still, analyst Doug Creutz reported that the game's sales to this point were well below expectations. Following Saints Row 2's January 2009 Windows release, the game had shipped over 2.6 million copies by the next month. In May 2009, THQ reported a $431 million loss in revenue, but Saints Row 2 sales totaled 2.8 million. Combined with the original release, the series had worldwide sales in excess of six million, making it one of the best-selling video game franchises.As of September 2010, Saints Row 2 has sold over 3.4 million units worldwide. The game's success led THQ to shift its focus to large franchises.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Official website Archived February 16, 2010, at the Wayback Machine
Saints Row 2 at MobyGames
Saints Row 2 at IMDb

Transgender rights in the United States
In the United States, the rights of transgender people vary considerably by jurisdiction. In recent decades, there has been an expansion of federal, state, and local laws and rulings to protect transgender Americans; however, many rights remain unprotected, and some rights are being eroded. Since 2020, there has been a national movement by conservative/right-wing politicians and organizations to target transgender rights. There has been a steady increase in the number of anti-transgender bills introduced each year, especially in Republican-led states.Transgender employees are nationally protected from employment discrimination following a 2020 ruling where the Supreme Court held that Title VII protections against sex discrimination in employment extend to transgender employees. The Equality Act, if passed, would prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender identity in employment; housing; public accommodations; education; federally funded programs; credit; and jury service.The Transgender Bill of Rights, if passed, would amend the Civil Rights Act to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, enforce prohibitions on discrimination in health care on the basis of gender identity and amend federal education laws to ensure that trans students are protected from discrimination. This bill also specifically allows students to join sports teams that match their gender identity and protects access to gender affirming care for minors and adults, which would subsequently overturn various bans passed at a state level by conservative legislatures across the country. It also federally bans conversion therapy practices and forced surgery on intersex children as well as invests in community services to prevent violence against trans and nonbinary people and requires the Attorney General to designate a liaison within the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice dedicated to advising and overseeing enforcement of the civil rights of transgender people.Most states allow updating gender identity on birth certificates and driver's licenses, although some require proof of gender-affirming surgery or prohibit updating these fields altogether. Some states legally recognize non-binary citizens, and offer an "X" marker on identification documents. Gender self-identification (including an "X" option) is permitted for passports. Laws concerning name changes in U.S. jurisdictions are also a complex mix of federal and state rules.
The Supreme Court's decision in Obergefell v. Hodges established that equal protection requires all jurisdictions to recognize same-sex marriages, giving transgender people the right to marry regardless of whether their partners are legally considered to be same-sex or opposite-sex. The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, of 2009, added crimes motivated by a victim's actual or perceived gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability to the federal definition of a hate crime. However, only some states and territories include gender identity in their hate crime laws.

Throughout the United States, transgender rights are a target of conservatives and the Republican Party. Restrictions and bans on gender-affirming care, hormone therapy, and drag are common in red states alongside queer-oriented literature, and academic curricula (i.e., gender and sexuality studies, etc.) have been prohibited by state governments in public schools.

 Marriage 
In Obergefell v. Hodges, the Court ruled that people have a right to marry without regard to sex. While this is commonly understood as a ruling allowing same-sex marriage, it also meant that a person's sex, whether assigned at birth or recognized following transitioning, cannot be used to determine their eligibility to marry. Prior to this ruling, the right of transgender people to marry was often subject to legal challenge—as was the status of their marriages after transitioning, particularly in cases where an individual's birth sex was interpreted to mean a same-sex marriage had taken place.

 Cases 
In 1959, Christine Jorgensen, a trans woman, was denied a marriage license by a clerk in New York City, on the basis that her birth certificate listed her as male; Jorgensen did not  pursue the matter in court. Later that year, Charlotte McLeod, another trans woman who underwent sex reassignment surgery, married her husband Ralph H. Heidel in Miami. She did not mention her birth sex, however, or the fact she was still legally male. In 1976, the New Jersey case M.T. v. J.T. held that trans people who had undergone sex reassignment surgery could marry as the legal sex matching their gender identity, the first ruling of its kind. Here the court expressly considered the English Corbett v. Corbett decision but rejected its reasoning.
In Littleton v. Prange, (1999), Christie Lee Littleton, a trans woman who had undergone sex reassignment surgery, argued to the Texas 4th Court of Appeals that her marriage to her genetically male husband (deceased) was legally binding and hence she was entitled to his estate. The court decided that plaintiff's sex is equal to her chromosomes, which were XY (male). The court subsequently invalidated her revision to her birth certificate, as well as her Kentucky marriage license, ruling "We hold, as a matter of law, that Christie Littleton is a male. As a male, Christie cannot be married to another male. Her marriage to Jonathon was invalid, and she cannot bring a cause of action as his surviving spouse." She appealed to the Supreme Court but it denied certiorari in 2000.The Kansas Appellate Court ruling in In re Estate of Gardiner (2001) considered and rejected Littleton, preferring M.T. v. J.T. instead. In this case, the Kansas Appellate Court concluded that "[A] trial court must consider and decide whether an individual was male or female at the time the individual's marriage license was issued and the individual was married, not simply what the individual's chromosomes were or were not at the moment of birth. The court may use chromosome makeup as one factor, but not the exclusive factor, in arriving at a decision. Aside from chromosomes, we adopt the criteria set forth by Professor Greenberg. On remand, the trial court is directed to consider factors in addition to chromosome makeup, including: gonadal sex, internal morphologic sex, external morphologic sex, hormonal sex, phenotypic sex, assigned sex and gender of rearing, and sexual identity." In 2002, the Kansas Supreme Court reversed the Appellate court decision in part, following Littleton.The custody case of Michael Kantaras made national news. Kantaras met a woman and filed for divorce in 1998, requesting primary custody of the children. Though he won that case in 2002, it was reversed on appeal in 2004 by the Florida Second District Court of Appeal, upholding Forsythe's claim that the marriage was null and void because her ex-husband was still a woman and same-sex marriages were illegal in Florida. Review was denied by the Florida Supreme Court.In re Jose Mauricio LOVO-Lara (2005), the Board of Immigration Appeals ruled that for purposes of an immigration visa, "A marriage between a postoperative transsexual and a person of the opposite sex may be the basis for benefits under ..., where the State in which the marriage occurred recognizes the change in sex of the postoperative transsexual and considers the marriage a valid heterosexual marriage."In Fields v. Smith (2006), three transgender women filed a lawsuit against this state of Wisconsin for passing a law banning hormone treatment or sex reassignment surgery for inmates. The courts of appeal struck down the law issuing that transgender people have a right to medical access in prison.

 Parental rights 
There is little consistency across courts in the treatment of transgender parent in child custody and visitation cases. In some cases, a parent's transgender status is not weighed in a court decision; in others, rulings are made on the basis of a transgender person being presumed to be an inherently unfit parent.
Courts are generally allowed to base custody or visitation rulings only on factors that directly affect the best interests of the child. According to this principle, if a transgender parent's gender identity cannot be shown to hurt the child, contact should not be limited, and other custody and visitation orders should not be changed for this reason. Many courts have upheld this principle and have treated transgender custody cases like any other child custody determination—by focusing on standard factors such as parental skills. In Mayfield v. Mayfield, for instance, the court upheld a transgender parent's shared parenting plan because there was no evidence in the record that the parent would not be a "fit, loving and capable parent".Other times, courts claiming to consider a child's interests have ruled against the transgender parent, leading to the parent losing access to their children on the basis of their gender identity. For example, in Cisek v. Cisek, the court terminated a transgender parent's visitation rights, holding that there was a risk of both mental and "social harm" to the children. The court asked whether the parent's sex change was "simply an indulgence of some fantasy". An Ohio court imposed an indefinite moratorium on visitation based on the court's belief that it would be emotionally confusing for the children to see "their father as a woman".

 Reproductive rights 
Many U.S. jurisdictions require gender-affirming surgery before the person's legal sex can be changed. This has been criticized as forced sterilization. Some trans people wish to retain their ability to procreate. Others do not medically require hysterectomy, phalloplasty, metoidioplasty, penectomy, orchiectomy, or vaginoplasty to treat their gender dysphoria. In these cases, surgery is considered medically unnecessary and, for that reason, medically unethical. Additionally, surgery is generally the final series of medical procedures in a complete sex transition, and is financially prohibitive for many people.Some transgender people use assisted reproduction technology services and preservation of reproductive tissue prior to having surgery that would render them infertile. Depending on what type of gametes the person's body naturally produces, this would include cryopreservation of semen in a sperm bank or preservation of oocytes or ovum. For such individuals, access to surrogacy and in vitro fertilization services is necessary to have children. Some people advocate specifically for transgender people to have a legal right to these services.

 Identity documents 
Identity documents are a major area of legal concern for transgender people. Different procedures and requirements for legal name changes and gender marker changes on birth certificates, drivers licenses, social security identification and passports exist and can be inconsistent.  Many states have historically required sex reassignment surgery to change their name and gender marker; however, there are increasingly few states where this is the case, with Alabama being one of the last.  Also, documents which do not match each other can present difficulties in conducting personal affairs—particularly those which require multiple, matching forms of identification.  Furthermore, having documents which do not match a person's gender presentation has been reported to lead to harassment and discrimination.

 Name change 
Transgender people often seek legal recognition for a name change during a gender transition. Laws regarding name changes vary state-by-state. In some states, transgender people can change their name, provided that the change does not perpetrate fraud or enable criminal intent. In other states, the process requires a court order or statute and can be more difficult. An applicant may be required to post legal notices in newspapers to announce the name change—rules that have been criticized on grounds of privacy rights and potentially endangering transgender people to targeted hate crimes.  Some courts require medical or psychiatric documentation to justify a name change, despite having no similar requirement for individuals changing names for reasons other than gender transitioning.

 Birth certificates 
U.S. states make their own laws about birth certificates, and state courts have issued varied rulings about transgender people.Most states permit the name and sex to be changed on a birth certificate, either by amending the existing birth certificate or by issuing a new one, although some require medical proof of sex reassignment surgery to do so. These include:

Texas, by opinion of the local clerk's office, will make a court-ordered change of sex.
New York State and New York City both passed legislation in 2014 to ease the process for changing sex on the birth certificate, eliminating the requirement for proof of surgery.
Nevada eliminated the surgery requirement in November 2016. It requires an affidavit from the person making the change and an affidavit who can attest that the information is accurate.
Colorado (February 2019) and New Mexico (November 2019) eliminated the surgery requirement and made the gender marker "X" available.
Kansas began allowing changes to the gender marker in June 2019. The person must sign an affidavit. If they do not already have documentation (driver's license or passport) with their preferred gender marker, they must bring a letter from a doctor or psychotherapist affirming their gender, but they do not need proof of surgery. Regulations were set up under a signed executive order for the Kansas Department of Health by the Governor of Kansas.
Virginia removed the requirement for surgery to change the gender marker in September 2020.Tennessee will not change the sex on a birth certificate under any circumstances. In December 2020, a federal judge invalidated an unconstitutional departmental rule banning sex changes on an individual's birth certificate within Ohio. In 2022, Oklahoma became the second state to ban legal gender marker change on birth certificates. This followed an executive order issued by the governor the previous year. Oklahoma Senate Bill 1100 also banned non-binary gender markers on birth certificates. During the same year, Montana also issued a rule that banned legal gender change on birth certificates.

 Cases 
The first case to consider legal gender change in the U.S. was Mtr. of Anonymous v. Weiner (1966), in which a transgender woman wished to change her name and sex on her birth certificate in New York City after having undergone sex reassignment surgery. The New York City Health Department denied the request. She took the case to court, but the court ruled that the New York City Health Code did not permit the request, which only permitted a change of sex on the birth certificate if an error was made recording it at birth.The decision of the court in Weiner was again affirmed in Mtr. of Hartin v. Dir. of Bur. of Recs. (1973) and Anonymous v. Mellon (1977). Despite this, there can be noted as time progressed an increasing support expressed in judgments by New York courts for permitting changes in birth certificates, even though they still held to do so would require legislative action. Classification of characteristic sex is a public health matter in New York; and New York City has its own health department which operates separately and autonomously from the New York State health department.An important case in Connecticut was Darnell v. Lloyd (1975), where the court found that substantial state interest must be demonstrated to justify refusing to grant a change in sex recorded on a birth certificate.In K. v. Health Division (1977), the Oregon Supreme Court rejected an application for a change of name or sex on the birth certificate of a transgender man who had undergone sex reassignment surgery, on the grounds that there was no legislative authority for such a change to be made.

 Driver's licenses 
All U.S. states allow the gender marker to be changed on a driver's license, although the requirements for doing so vary by state. Often, the requirements for changing one's driver's license are less stringent than those for changing the marker on the birth certificate. For example, until August 1, 2015, the state of Massachusetts required sex reassignment surgery for a birth certificate change, but only a form including a sworn statement from a physician that the applicant is in fact the new gender to correct the sex designation on a driver's license.
As of November 2019, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts no longer requires any documentation or a sworn statement from a medical doctor in order to change one's gender marker on their drivers license/state ID.  In order to change the gender marker, one only needs to fill out a new drivers license/ID card application reflecting the correct information. 
The state of Virginia had policies similar to those of Massachusetts, requiring Sex reassignment surgery (SRS) for a birth certificate change, but not for a driver's license change. Virginia removed the requirement for surgery to change the gender marker in September 2020.Sometimes, the states' requirements and laws conflict with and are dependent on each other; for example, a transgender woman who was born in Tennessee but living in Kentucky will be unable to have the gender marker changed on her Kentucky driver's license. This is due to the fact that Kentucky requires an amended birth certificate reflecting the person's accurate gender, but the state of Tennessee does not change gender markers on birth certificates at all.In January 2024, Florida banned changing the gender marker on driver's licenses. Additionally, any person "misrepresenting" their gender would be subject to criminal and civil penalties.In addition, a number of states and city jurisdictions have passed legislation to allow a third gender marker on official identification documents (see below).

 Cases 
In May 2015, six Michigan transgender people filed Love v. Johnson in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, challenging the state's policy requiring the information on a person's driver's license match the information on their birth certificate. This policy requires transgender people to change the information on their birth certificates in order to change their driver's licenses, which at the time of filing was not possible in Tennessee, Nebraska and Ohio, where three of the plaintiffs were born, and requires a court order in South Carolina, where a fourth was born. The remaining two residents were born in Michigan, and would be required to undergo surgery to change their birth certificates. The plaintiffs in the case are represented by the American Civil Liberties Union.In November 2015, Judge Nancy Edmunds denied the State of Michigan's motion to dismiss the case.

 Passports 
The State Department determines what identifying biographical information is placed on passports.
On June 30, 2021, the government announced that the State Department would begin offering an "X" gender marker and would also allow changing one's gender marker without proving any physical changes to one's sex. Previously, the policy had been amended on June 10, 2010 to allow permanent gender marker changes only if accompanied by a physician's statement that "the applicant has had appropriate clinical treatment for gender transition to the new gender." Before 2010, the required statement was more specific; it was required to be from a surgeon who said that gender reassignment surgery had been completed.From April 11, 2022, any individual who is a valid US passport holder can legally have F, M or X options listed as a sex/gender marker available and recognized by way of self determination. Starting in late 2023, X will also be available for passport cards, emergency passports made by consulates and embassies, consular reports of birth abroad.

 Persons not born in the United States 
Persons not born in the United States and who hold status in the United States can change the gender marker on their USCIS-issued Certificate of Naturalization, Certificate of Citizenship, Permanent Resident Card, and their State Department-issued Consular Report of Birth Abroad; these serve as foundational identity documents that may be substituted for birth certificates.Other options include obtaining a state court order affirming the change of legal gender as a linking document, such as California's Order Recognizing Change of Gender.

 Third gender option 

As of 2021, the U.S. federal government recognizes a third gender option on passports or other national identity documents, joining other countries including Australia, New Zealand, India, Nepal, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Germany, Malta, and Canada that also recognize this. Third genders have traditionally been acknowledged in a number of Native American cultures as "two spirit" people, in traditional Hawaiian culture as the māhū, and as the fa'afafine in American Samoa. Similarly, immigrants from traditional cultures that acknowledge a third gender would benefit from such a reform, including the muxe gender in southern Mexico and the hijra of south Asian cultures.On June 10, 2016, an Oregon circuit court ruled that a resident, Elisa Rae Shupe, could obtain a non-binary gender designation. The Transgender Law Center believes this to be "the first ruling of its kind in the U.S."On September 26, 2016, intersex California resident Sara Kelly Keenan became the second person in the United States to legally change her gender to 'non-binary', citing Shupe's case as inspiration. Keenan obtained a birth certificate with an intersex sex marker. Ohio had issued an 'hermaphrodite' sex marker in 2012.On January 26, 2017, a bill was introduced in the California State Senate that would create a third, nonbinary gender marker on California birth certificates, drivers' licenses, and identity cards. The bill, SB 179, would also remove the requirements for a physician's statement and mandatory court hearing for gender change petitions. This bill was signed into law on October 15, 2017; the non-binary option became available on January 1, 2019.On June 15, 2017, Oregon became the first state in the U.S. to announce it will allow a non-binary "X" gender marker on state IDs and driver's licenses. The law took effect July 1. No doctor's note is required for the change. The following week, Washington, D.C., announced that a non-binary "X" gender marker for district-issued ID cards and driver's licenses would very shortly be offered with no medical certification required. The D.C. policy change went into effect on June 27, making the district the first place in the U.S. to offer gender-neutral driver's licenses and ID cards. In June 2018, Maine began issuing yellow stickers to cover part of the ID card with the statement "Gender has been changed to: X – Non-binary". In July 2018, New Jersey enacted legislation to permit people to amend birth and death certificates to reflect their identity as female, male, or "undesignated" without requiring a physician to provide proof of surgery. In October 2018, it was reported that Minnesota would offer an "X" as part of REAL ID. Since November 2018, Colorado has legally provided gender X on driver's license forms and other I.Ds.Legislation to offer an "X" gender marker for residents' ID cards was introduced in New York state in June 2017 (and was introduced in New York City in June 2018), and in Massachusetts in May 2018. New York city began offering birth certificates with an "X" gender marker in January 2019. Ohio began offering "X" gender marker in August 2020.
On October 27, 2021, the State Department issued the first passport with an "X" gender marker.

 US jurisdictions with "gender X" driver's licences 
Many jurisdictions in the US currently offer third gender markers on driver's licenses, including Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Washington D.C., Hawai'i, Massachusetts, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Utah, Virginia, Vermont, and Washington.
Laws offering an "X" gender marker on driver's licenses and state identification cards have also been passed in several US jurisdictions, but have not gone into effect yet namely—New Jersey and Illinois (sometime in 2024 due to delays by government contracts from third parties).

 Death certificates 
A study conducted by Oregon epidemiologists found that within the area of Portland, Oregon, more than half of dead trans people were recorded as their assigned sex at birth on their death certificates.

 Housing 
According to the 2015 US Transgender Health Survey, 30% of trans people (41% for black trans people) experience homelessness at some point in their lives. According to the Vera Institute, trans people in crisis centers and shelters suffer routine verbal and physical abuse.In 2020, the Trump Administration rolled back Obama-era protections for transgender people protecting equal access to homeless shelters, and issued a guide for shelter staff on how to spot a trans woman. In 2021, a memo from HUD expanded the 2012 Equal Access Rule to declare equal access for all individuals to HUD programs, including affiliated shelters, regardless of actual or perceived sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status.

 Genocide 

Some US laws have been described, including by journalists Emily St. James and Saeed Jones and activist Chase Strangio, as fitting the United Nations definition of genocide, such as those banning proper transgender healthcare ("causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group; deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part"), and those mandating that trans children be taken away by the state ("forcibly transferring children of the group to another group").On March 3, 2023, at the Conservative Political Action Conference, political commentator Michael Knowles declared that "for the good of society... transgenderism must be eradicated from public life entirely". This, and other aspects of his speech, led to the Lemkin Institute for Genocide Prevention to raise a 'Red Flag Alert' for the US, stating "Now that ideologues of hate can openly call for the elimination of transgender identity – in the very country that has been most open to the transgender community over the last decade – we are at a new stage in the global threat against transgender people."Transgender healthcare bans have been described in dire rhetoric by the medical community. A medical report published by Yale in response to bans on gender-affirming care argued that the bans were no more ethical than a prohibition on healthcare for any other life-threatening medical condition. The president of the World Professional Association of Transgender Health (WPATH) wrote an opinion article in the New York Times stating her view that these laws constituted an effort to "rid the world of transgender people." Similar sentiments were expressed in a WPATH public communique: "Anti-transgender health care legislation is not about protections for children but about eliminating transgender persons on a micro and macro scale."According to the legal definition of crimes against humanity propagated by the International Criminal Court at the Hague, "'extermination' includes the intentional infliction of conditions of life, inter alia the deprivation of
access to food and medicine, calculated to bring about the destruction of part of a population" when "pursuant to or in
furtherance of a State or organizational policy to commit such attack."

 Government lists of trans people 
The compiling of lists of transgender citizens, such as that done by the state of Texas in 2022, has been criticized by trans advocates who feared the state would "use the information to further persecute the already vulnerable trans community."In June 2023, the Attorney General's office for the state of Tennessee mandated that the Vanderbilt University Medical Center turn over the medical records of all of its transgender patients. The VUMC complied.

 Physical violence 
A 2014 report by the Department of Justice found that 2% of trans people report being physically attacked upon visiting a doctor's office, with 3% reporting being forcibly subjected to unwanted medical procedures.According to a study published by the UCLA Williams Institute, transgender people are the victims of violent crimes at over four times the rate of cisgender people. The study found that from 2017 to 2018, trans people experienced violent victimizations at a rate of 86.2 per 1000 people, compared to 21.7 among cis people. Trans women suffered at a rate of 86.1 per 1000, compared to cis women's 23.7, and trans men suffered at a rate of 107.5 per 1000 compared to cis men's 19.8.According to the Department of Justice in 2022, 50% of people who die in anti-LGBT hate crimes are trans women, with sexual assault being a frequent occurrence after their murders. Additionally, 50% of transgender people are physically abused after coming out as trans to a significant other.In June 2022, NBC reported "Events for transgender rights (…) have become frequent targets of extremists, militias, and far-right personalities".In August 2022, a draft report from the California Attorney General's Office found that trans people were four times more likely to be stopped by police for "reasonable suspicion" than cis people.

 Sexual violence 
According to the Department of Justice in 2022, 66% of trans people experience sexual assault at some point in their lives. 15% of trans people report being sexually assaulted by police or prison staff (32% for African-American trans people), while another 10% report being sexually assaulted by healthcare professionals. An older study conducted by the DOJ in 2014 also found that it was not uncommon for psychiatric professionals to mandate that trans patients of theirs perform sexual favors for them in exchange for continued access to gender affirming healthcare.The Trafficking in Persons report by the State Department found that trans people are significantly overrepresented in sex trafficking victims, and a study by Loyola University Chicago found that trans people in the US are 5.6x more likely to engage in survival sex - where sex is traded for money, food, shelter, or other essential items such as phones or clothing - than their cis peers.According to the 2015 US Transgender survey, 13% of K-12 students who were out as or perceived as transgender were sexually assaulted specifically for being transgender.It's considered relatively common for transgender people to be subjected to pat downs and secondary searches while going through airport security, due to their body types deviating from the presets expected by the body scanners. These searches can range from being groped in the groin area, to being forced to strip entirely.

 Displacement and sanctuary states 
Anti-trans legislation in numerous conservative states has caused some trans people and their families to flee their homes, whether to another state or another country, including the families of those who actively advocated against anti-trans laws in their states.A number of states have passed laws protecting trans people and their families, as well as their healthcare providers, fleeing anti-trans states, from extradition. In 2022, Connecticut became the first state to implement such a law, alongside similar protections for reproductive healthcare providers and recipients. Since then, Massachusetts, California, Illinois, Minnesota, New Jersey, New Mexico, Vermont, Colorado, Washington, New York, Arizona, Oregon, Maryland, and the District of Columbia have passed similar laws.In June 2023, polling from Data for Progress found that 8% of transgender adults in the US have been displaced from their community or state by hostile legislation.

 Discrimination protections 

 Employment 
In June 2020, the Court ruled for the first time on a case directly regarding Transgender rights. In the case R.G. & G.R. Harris Funeral Homes Inc. v. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission the Supreme Court held that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act 1964 extends protections to individuals who are transgender in Employment. This is based on discrimination on the grounds of transgender status is a form of discrimination based on sex. Prior to the rulings that Title VII protections covered transgender status, four states (Alaska, Arizona, Wisconsin, and Missouri) had not enacted specific protections based on transgender status in any employment, and 22 states had extended protections to public employment only.

 Laws 

 Federal 
There is no federal law designating transgender as a protected class, or specifically requiring equal treatment for transgender people.  Some versions of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act introduced in the U.S. Congress have included protections against discrimination for transgender people, but as of 2021 no version of ENDA has passed.  Whether or not to include such language has been a controversial part of the debate over the bill. In 2016 and again in 2017, Rep. Pete Olson [R-TX] introduced legislation to strictly interpret gender identity according to biology, which would end federal civil rights protection of gender identity. It remains legal at the federal level for parents to subject transgender children to conversion therapy.
On October 4, 2017, Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a Department of Justice memo stating that Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act prohibits discrimination based on sex, which he stated "is ordinarily defined to mean biologically male or female,"  but the law "does not prohibit discrimination based on gender identity per se."On January 30, 2012, HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan  announced new regulations that would require all housing providers that receive HUD funding to prevent housing discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. These regulations went into effect on March 5, 2012.

 State and local 
Over 225 jurisdictions including the District of Columbia (as of 2016) and 22 states (as of 2018) feature legislation that prohibit discrimination based on gender identity in either employment, housing, and/or public accommodations. In Anchorage, Alaska, voters chose in April 2018 to keep the existing protections for transgender people. In Massachusetts, a state law prohibited discrimination in public accommodations on the basis of gender identity; in October 2016, anti-transgender activists submitted the minimum number of signatures necessary to the Secretary of the Commonwealth of within Massachusetts to put the law up for repeal on a statewide ballot measure, Massachusetts voters chose on November 6, 2018 to retain the state law, with 68% in favor of upholding law, and 32% opposed. The Massachusetts Gender Identity Anti-Discrimination Initiative was the first-ever statewide ballot question of its kind in the United States.
Some states and cities have banned conversion therapy for minors.

 Cases 
In 2000, a court ruling in Connecticut determined that conventional sex discrimination laws protected transgender persons. However, in 2011, to clarify and codify this ruling, a separate law was passed defining legal anti-discrimination protections on the basis of gender identity.On October 16, 1976, the Court rejected plaintiff's appeal in sex discrimination case involving termination from teaching job after sex reassignment surgery from a New Jersey school system.Carroll v. Talman Fed. Savs. & Loan Association, 604 F.2d 1028, 1032 (7th Cir.) 1979, held that dress codes are permissible. "So long as [dress codes] and some justification in commonly accepted social norms and are reasonably related to the employer's business needs, such regulations are not necessarily violations of Title VII even though the standards prescribed differ somewhat for men and women."In Ulane v. Eastern Airlines Inc. 742 F.2d 1081 (7th Cir. 1984) Karen Ulane, a pilot who was assigned male at birth, underwent sex reassignment surgery to attain typically female characteristics. The Seventh Circuit denied Title VII sex discrimination protection by narrowly interpreting "sex" discrimination as discrimination "against women" [and denying Ulane's womanhood].The case of Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins 490 U.S. 228 (1989), expanded the protection of Title VII by prohibiting gender discrimination, which includes sex stereotyping. In that case, a woman who was discriminated against by her employer for being too "masculine" was granted Title VII relief.Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services, Inc. 523 U.S. 75 (1998), found that same-sex sexual harassment is actionable under Title VII.A gender stereotype is an assumption about how a person should dress which could encompass a significant range of transgender behavior. This potentially significant change in the law was not tested until Smith v. City of Salem 378 F.3d 566, 568 (6th Cir. 2004). Smith, a trans woman, had been employed as a lieutenant in the fire department without incident for seven years. After doctors diagnosed Smith with Gender Identity Disorder ("GID"), she began to experience harassment and retaliation following complaint. She filed Title VII claims of sex discrimination and retaliation, equal protection and due process claims under 42 U.S.C. § 1983, and state law claims of invasion of privacy and civil conspiracy. On appeal, the Price Waterhouse precedent was applied at p. 574: "[i]t follows that employers who discriminate against men because they do wear dresses and makeup, or otherwise act femininely, are also engaging in sex discrimination, because the discrimination would not occur but for the victim's sex." Chow (2005 at p214) comments that the Sixth Circuit's holding and reasoning represents a significant victory for transgender people. By reiterating that discrimination based on both sex and gender expression is forbidden under Title VII, the court steers transgender jurisprudence in a more expansive direction.  But dress codes, which frequently have separate rules based solely on gender, continue. Carroll v. Talman Fed. Savs. & Loan Association, 604 F.2d 1028, 1032 (7th Cir.) 1979, has not been overruled.
Harrah's implemented a policy named "Personal Best", in which it dictated a general dress code for its male and female employees. Females were required to wear makeup, and there were similar rules for males. One female employee, Darlene Jesperson, objected and sued under Title VII. In Jespersen v. Harrah's Operating Co., No. 03-15045 (9th Cir. April 14, 2006), plaintiff conceded that dress codes could be legitimate but that certain aspects could nevertheless be demeaning; plaintiff also cited Price Waterhouse.  The Ninth Circuit disagreed, upholding the practice of business-related gender-specific dress codes. When such a dress code is in force, an employee amid transition could find it impossible to obey the rules.In Glenn v. Brumby, the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals held that the Equal Protection Clause prevented the state of Georgia from discriminating against an employee for being transgender.

 Education 

The Obama administration took the position that Title IX's prohibition on discrimination on the basis of "sex" encompasses discrimination on the basis of gender identity and gender expression. In 2016, the Fourth Circuit became the first Court of Appeals to agree with the administration on the scope of Title IX as applied to transgender students, in the case of Virginia high school student Gavin Grimm (G.G. v. Gloucester County School Board).  The validity of the executive's position is being tested further in the federal courts. In 2017 the ACLU, representing Grimm, stated that they had stopped Grimm's "request for an immediate halt to the Gloucester County School Board's policy prohibiting him and other transgender students from using the common restrooms at school" but were "moving forward with his claim for damages and his demand to end the anti-trans policy permanently." Judge Allen of the U.S. District Court of the Eastern District of Virginia, in May 2018, ruled that Grimm's discrimination claim was valid based upon Title IX and the U.S. Constitution's equal protection clause.In 2014, Maryland Senate passed a bill that "bans discrimination based on sexual orientation and sexual identity but includes an exemption for religious organizations, private clubs and educational institutions.According to the Vera Institute in 2016, "transgender youth are more likely to leave school due to harassment, physical assault, and sexual violence".In 2016, guidance was issued by the Departments of Justice and Education stating that schools which receive federal money must treat a student's gender identity as their sex (for example, in regard to bathrooms). However, this policy was revoked in 2017.In 2022, the state of Florida enacted the "Parental Rights in Education Bill", commonly known as the "Don't Say Gay Bill", banning any "classroom discussion about sexual orientation or gender identity" by school personnel or third parties, up through third grade. For older students, any discussion of such must be "age appropriate or developmentally appropriate", with the goal to, according to the text of the legislation, "reinforce the fundamental right of parents to make decisions regarding the upbringing and control of their children". As of July 2022, five more states have enacted similar laws. In early 2023, a national proposal was introduced as HR 5, "The Parents Bill of Rights Act."In July 2022, the Florida Department of Education issued a memo to all Florida schools referring to transgender non-discrimination policies regarding access to public facilities as "imposing a sexual ideology" on schools, and saying that any school that did not sufficiently discriminate against transgender students could be in an acting violation of state law.That same month, Texas along with more than 20 other states sued the U.S. Department of Agriculture to overturn its policy requiring schools participating in federal food assistance programs to investigate allegations of discrimination due to sexual orientation or gender identity.

 Local school boards 
Local K-12 school boards have adopted a variety of policies regarding trans students, ranging from allowing fully equal rights and non-discrimination for trans students, to requiring trans students to submit to a criminal background check to be allowed to use the bathroom consistent with their gender identity, to implementing full bans on expressing one's self-declared gender at all, including bans on chosen pronouns and pride flags, to even bans on mentioning the very existence of trans people.

 Employment 
In a 2021 survey by the UCLA Williams Institute, 48.8% of trans people reported experiencing employment discrimination due to their trans status. 43.8% reported receiving verbal harassment in the workplace for being trans, and 22.4% reported being sexually harassed in the workplace in the preceding five years.According to the Human Rights Campaign, in 2021 transgender women in the US were paid 60 cents for every dollar the average worker was paid.A study conducted by the Center for Public Integrity in July 2022 found that in preceding month, 30% of trans adults had lost their jobs or lived with someone who had, and that in that month trans people experienced hunger at more than twice the rate that cis people did.
According to Ross Wicks, director of LGBTQ+ Canadian non-profit Pflag, While more than 60% of Americans favour transgender rights in education and public employment, 41% support a ban on teaching about gender identity in elementary schools.

 Public factors 
Public support for transgender people has shifted in recent years.
According to the Public Religion Research Institute, support for mandating that trans people use the bathroom corresponding to their gender assigned at birth has risen among all religious groups, with white protestant evangelicals being the highest change, going from 41% in support to 72% in support between 2017 and 2021. 41% of total Americans hold this stance, with 31% disagreeing, and 28% not holding a position on the issue.60% of American adults reported in the summer of 2022 that they opposed allowing nonbinary marker options on government documents, while 58% reported supporting mandating that trans athletes compete on teams matching their gender assigned at birth.

 Social media 
In 2019, a report analyzing 10 million US and UK social media posts over three and a half years found that of that 10 million social media posts, 15% (1.5 million) expressed transphobic sentiment.A study conducted by Media Matters between February 2019 and February 2020 found that the top five most-interacted sources on Facebook regarding transgender people were LifeSite News, the Daily Caller, the Daily Wire, Western Journal, and the Alliance Defending Freedom, with right wing sources on trans issues receiving 43.33 million interactions, compared to left wing sources receiving only 2.56 million.In the wake of the Colorado Springs nightclub shooting, in which a man walked into an LGBTQ nightclub and opened fire, Twitter unbanned the accounts of several major anti-trans figures that had previously been suspended for breaking twitter policies regarding the targeting of LGBTQ people, while reformatting its hateful conduct policy so that a provision that banned "targeted misgendering or deadnaming of transgender individuals" was "now effectively dead", according to Vanity Fair.

 Politicians 
In February 2022, United States Senate candidate J. D. Vance from Ohio falsely attributed the then looming Russian invasion of Ukraine to transgender rights, saying "We didn't serve in the Marine Corps to go and fight Vladimir Putin because he didn't believe in transgender rights" In May 2022, United States Representative Paul Gosar issued a statement via Twitter falsely claiming that the mass shooter in the Uvalde school shooting which killed 19 elementary school children, was a "transsexual leftist illegal alien".A joint report by the Human Rights Campaign and the Center for Countering Digital Hate found that the Twitter accounts of Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene and Representative Lauren Boebert were among the top three sources in the United States for the promotion and propagation of the grooming conspiracy theory. In response, Lauren Boebert stated via Twitter "My tweets about groomers are only third? Guess that means I have to tweet about these sick, demented groomers even more".In September 2022, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas cast attention on a gender affirming healthcare doctor at University of Wisconsin, saying "She does this to children. Sterilizes & mutilates them". Providing gender-affirming healthcare to trans minors is considered best practice by the American Medical Association, American Psychiatric Association, the Endocrine Society, American Academy of Pediatrics, and the World Professional Association for Transgender Health.That same month, Republican Representative Bob Good from Virginia stated his belief that the high suicide rates among trans youth, widely believed to be due to systemic discrimination and lack of access to proper healthcare, were in fact due to sexual "grooming" into being transgender. Senate Candidate Herschel Walker from Georgia was also reported as saying that trans children would not be able to get into heaven.

 Media involvement 
In April 2022, the left-leaning media watchdog Media Matters published a study stating that within a three week period spanning from March 17 to April 6, Fox News ran 170 segments on trans people, throughout which "the network spread dangerous lies about the trans community and repeatedly invoked the long-debunked myth that trans people pose a threat to minors and seek to groom them".

 The New York Times 
In June 2022, the New York Times published a front page article titled "The Battle Over Gender Therapy",  which reportedly "uncritically platformed gender-critical group Genspect, and the New York Times Magazine's article said the group has held 'web-based seminars that are critical of social and medical transition'", and that "Some parents, who are part of Genspect, told [the author] that they believed the 'rise in trans-identified teenagers was the result of a 'gender cult' – a mass craze'". The Texas Observer described the article as elevating "a handful of outliers and their discredited theories about trans people to prominence they do not enjoy among the medical community" and that "the article echoes right-wing fear-mongering about whether trans kids should be allowed to transition and even suggests their existence could be dangerous to other young people", noting that "the state of Texas is using it as evidence in an ongoing attempt to investigate trans-supportive healthcare as 'child abuse'".In July 2022, the New York Times published an op-ed falsely attributing the overturning of Roe v. Wade by six conservative Supreme Court justices, to the existence of trans women causing the "erasure" of "women as a biological category". This article was widely circulated, with Representative Rashida Tlaib issuing a statement in response saying that "During escalating assaults on trans people & trans rights nationwide, the New York Times is featuring writers debating whether trans people should even exist and scapegoating this already-marginalized community."Since then, the New York Times has published several more pieces arguing in favor of restricting access to gender affirming healthcare for trans people, many of which have been widely criticized as "misinformation" by medical experts.In February 2023, more than 200 NYT contributors signed an open letter expressing "serious concerns about editorial bias in the newspaper's reporting on transgender, non⁠-⁠binary, and gender nonconforming people". The letter characterized the NYT's reporting as using "an eerily familiar mix of pseudoscience and euphemistic, charged language", and raised concerns regarding the NYT's employment practices regarding trans contributors.

 Grooming conspiracy theory 

Popularization of the grooming conspiracy theory in the United States has been linked to Christopher Rufo, who tweeted in August 2021 about "winning the language war," and James A. Lindsay. Following the Wi Spa controversy in July 2021, Julia Serano noted that there a rise in false accusations of grooming directed towards transgender people, saying that it appeared as if there was a movement to "lay the foundation for just smearing all trans people as child sexual predators." Libs of TikTok (LoTT) also helped popularize the term 'groomer' as a pejorative for LGBT people, supporters of LGBT youth, and those who teach about sexuality. In November 2021 LoTT claimed that the Trevor Project was a "grooming organization" and later in the year claimed that Chasten Buttigieg was "grooming kids."On February 24, The Heritage Foundation, a conservative Washington, D.C.-based think tank, tweeted that the bill "protects young children from sexual grooming". On March 4, Christina Pushaw, press secretary for Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, referred to the bill as "an anti-grooming bill" and stated via twitter that anyone against it was "probably a groomer".Since then, numerous right wing pundits began describing the behavior of parents and teachers who want to allow children to express their transgender identity as grooming, and the term "groomer" has become widely used by conservative media and politicians to imply that the LGBTQ community and their allies are pedophiles or pedophile-enablers. Slate magazine later described the word "grooming" as "the buzzword of the season".In April 2022, the left-leaning media watchdog Media Matters published a study stating that within a three week period spanning from March 17 to April 6, Fox News ran 170 segments on trans people, throughout which "the network spread dangerous lies about the trans community and repeatedly invoked the long-debunked myth that trans people pose a threat to minors and seek to groom them".The Canadian Anti-Hate Network has stated that trans people are "slandered the same way homosexual men were slandered in the 70s, and for the same reason: to deny them safety and equal rights," adding that "the far-right and their fellow travellers in the so-called Gender Critical or Trans-Exclusionary Radical Feminist movements use the exact same tropes in a bid to deny equal rights to trans persons." Florence Ashley of the University of Toronto has stated that the focus of the conspiracy on LGBT+ people and on trans people in particular is used to radicalize public opinion towards the far-right, comparing it to the White genocide conspiracy theory.According to a joint report in August 2022 by the American Human Rights Campaign, and the British Center for Countering Digital Hate found that the 500 most influential hateful "grooming" tweets were seen 72 million times, and that "grooming" tweets from just ten influential sources were seen 48 million times. It also found that Meta, formerly known as Facebook, had accepted up to $24,987 for ads pushing the grooming conspiracy theory, which had been served to users over 2.1 million times, and that Twitter - despite saying groomer slurs were a violation of its hate speech policy - failed to act on 99% of tweets reported for such.

 Restroom access 

An area of legal concern for transgender people is access to restrooms which are segregated by gender.  Transgender people have, in the past, been asked for legal identification while entering or using a gendered restroom.  Recent legislation has moved in contradictory directions. On one hand, non-discrimination laws have included restrooms as public accommodations, indicating a right to use gendered facilities which conform with a person's gender identity. On the other, some efforts have been made to insist that individuals use restrooms that match their biological sex, regardless of an individual's gender identity or expression.

 Comprehensive legislation 
Numerous jurisdictions and states have passed or considered so-called "bathroom bills" which restrict the use of bathrooms by transgender people, forcing them to choose facilities in accordance with their biological sex. As of January 2024, Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Utah have such laws.On March 23, 2016, North Carolina passed a comprehensive bathroom restriction bill (the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, also known as "HB2"), overriding a prior municipal Charlotte non-discrimination ordinance on the same subject. It was quickly signed into law by Gov. Pat McCrory, but on March 30, 2017, following national controversy, the part of the law related to bathrooms was repealed. According to the ACLU, the partial repeal still allowed discrimination against transgender persons.In April 2016, objecting to the "bathroom predator myth", a coalition of over 200 U.S. organizations for sexual assault and domestic violence survivors noted that, while "over 200 municipalities and 18 states" had legal protections for transgender people, none of these places had tied an increase in sexual violence to these nondiscrimination laws.In September 2016, California governor Jerry Brown signed a bill requiring all single-occupancy bathrooms to be gender-neutral, effective since March 1, 2017. California is the first U.S. state to adopt such legislation. Vermont, New Mexico and Illinois have since followed suit in 2019.On May 2, 2019, Tennessee governor Bill Lee signed into law legislation defining a trans person using the bathroom corresponding with their gender identity as "indecent exposure." The Tennessee Equality Project had complained about the bill's original language, and although that language was altered before it became law, the organization still believed the bill was harmful to trans people.On May 3, 2023, the Florida legislature passed the "Safety in Private Spaces Act", which the governor was expected to sign, making it a second-degree misdemeanor to use a bathroom other than that which is designated for people of one's sex assigned at birth. An earlier attempt in 2015 had failed.

 Indecent exposure charges for restroom use 
In September 2021, following extensive right wing protests, a Los Angeles trans woman was charged by the LAPD with felony indecent exposure after she was recorded using the women's changing room at a local nude spa. The trans woman had two previous convictions for indecent exposure and a conviction for failing to register as a sex offender. The nude spa in question had an explicitly trans-inclusive policy, and mandated nudity in gender segregated areas.In February 2023, another trans woman was charged with indecent exposure for using the changing room at the YWCA in Xenia, Ohio, despite the facility's policy also being one of support.

 Schools 
In Doe v. Regional School Unit, the Maine Supreme Court held that a transgender girl had a right to use the women's bathroom at school because her psychological well-being and educational success depended on her transition. The school, in denying her access, had "treated [her] differently from other students solely because of her status as a transgender girl." The court determined that this was a form of discrimination.In Mathis v. Fountain-Fort Carson School District 8 (2013), Colorado's Division of Civil Rights found that denying a transgender girl access to the women's restroom at school was discrimination. They reasoned, "By not permitting the [student] to use the restroom with which she identifies, as non-transgender students are permitted to do, the [school] treated the [student] less favorably than other students seeking the same service." Furthermore, the court rejected the school's defense—that the discriminatory policy was implemented to protect the transgender student from harassment—and observed that transgender students are in fact safest when a school does not single them out as different. Based on this finding, it is no longer acceptable to institute different kinds of bathroom rules for transgender and cisgender people.In May 2016, guidance was issued by the United States Department of Justice and the United States Department of Education stating that schools which receive federal money must treat a student's gender identity as their sex (for example, in regard to bathrooms). However, this policy was revoked in 2017.

In October 2016, the Court agreed to take on  the case of whether a transgender boy, Gavin Grimm, could use the boys' bathroom in his Virginia high school. Grimm was assigned female at birth but is a transgender male. For a while, he was permitted access to the boys' bathroom but was later denied access after a new policy was adopted by the local school board. The ACLU took on the case, stating that girls objected when he tried to use the girls' bathroom in accordance with the new policy and that he was humiliated when the school directed him to use a private bathroom, unlike other boys. After challenging the policy, he won his case in the Court of Appeals in 2015 in a tie vote. This marked the first ruling by an appeals court to find that transgender students are protected under federal laws that ban sex-based discrimination. However, later in 2016 the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to put that ruling on hold. Then in 2017 the U.S. Supreme Court vacated the decision of the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and refused to hear the case. Later in 2017, it was announced that the 4th Circuit would send the case back to the district court for the judge to determine whether the case was moot because Grimm graduated. The District Court found the case was not moot, and ruled in favor of Grimm, which was later upheld by the Fourth Circuit on appeal in August 2020, using the Supreme Court's recent decision in Bostock v. Clayton County as a basis for their decision.A similar case had occurred in the public schools of Dallas, Oregon, which had allowed transgender students to use the restrooms and locker rooms of the school based on their gender identity on the basis of the 2016 federal policy. Parents of other students had sued to have the policy overturned, but the policy was upheld at both the United States District Court for the District of Oregon and the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The Supreme Court denied to hear the challenge to the Ninth Circuit in November 2020, leaving that decision in place.

 Workplace 
Rights to restrooms that match one's gender identity have also been recognized in the workplace and are actively being asserted in public accommodations. In Iowa, for example, discrimination in public accommodations on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity has been prohibited by law since 2007 through the Iowa Civil Rights Act.In Cruzan v. Special School District #1, decided in 2002, a Minnesota federal appeals court ruled that it is not the job of the transgender person to accommodate the concerns of cisgender people who express discomfort with sharing a facility with a transgender person. Employers need to offer an alternative to the complaining employee in these situations, such as an individual restroom.Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) chair Charlotte A. Burrows issued guidelines in 2021 stating that "employers may not deny an employee equal access to a bathroom, locker room, or shower that corresponds to the employee's gender identity."

 Hate crimes legislation 

Federal hate crimes legislation include limited protections for gender identity. The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009 criminalized "willfully causing bodily injury (or attempting to do so with fire, firearm, or other dangerous weapon)" on the basis of an "actual or perceived" identity.  However, protections for hate crimes motivated on the basis of a victim's gender identity or sexual orientation is limited to "crime affect[ing] interstate or foreign commerce or occur[ring] within federal special maritime and territorial jurisdiction." This limitation only applies to gender identity and sexual orientation, and not to race, color, religion or national origin. Therefore, hate crimes which occur outside these jurisdictions are not protected by federal law.
22 states plus Washington D.C. have hate crimes legislation which includes gender identity or expression as a protected group. They are Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware, Illinois, Maryland, Missouri, Minnesota, Colorado, New Mexico, Nevada, Rhode Island, Washington, Oregon, California, Hawaii, Maine, Tennessee, Puerto Rico, Utah, Virginia and New York. Twenty-seven states have hate-crimes legislation which exclude transgender people. Six states have no hate-crimes legislation at all.Numerous municipalities have passed hate-crime legislation, some of which include transgender people. However Arkansas, North Carolina and Tennessee recently passed laws which ban municipalities from enacting such protections for sexual orientation, gender identity or expression.

 Healthcare 

Transgender people confront two major legal issues within the healthcare system: access to health care for gender transitioning and discrimination by health care workers.

 Treatment for adults 
Many Republican legislators across the country are increasingly proposing legislation that would restrict gender-affirming care for adults or make such treatments harder to access. However, no states have succeeded at outright banning gender-affirming care for adults in a way similar to what is being done with minors.As of January 2024, seven states limit access to gender-affirming care for adults in some way without banning it, such as allowing private health plans, Medicaid, and correctional facilities to exclude all coverage for gender-affirming care, prohibiting the use of federal funds for gender-affirming care or requiring informed consent practices beyond those typically required in medical practice.In January 2024, several Republican legislators expressed their desire to ban gender-affirming healthcare altogether saying their 'endgame' was to ban it completely for people of all ages.As part of his 2024 presidential campaign, Donald Trump has stated that if elected, he will sign an executive order instructing every federal agency to cease the promotion of sex or gender transition at any age as well as ask Congress to pass a bill stating that the United States will only recognize two genders as determined at birth, and has promised to crackdown on gender-affirming care for all ages. Additionally, Trump stated that he would make hospitals and health care providers that provide transitional hormones or surgery no longer qualify for federal funding, including Medicare and Medicaid funding. Trump has also stated he will push to prohibit hormonal and surgical intervention for minors in all 50 states.These states make it easy for trans adults to sue their doctors:

Utah: In January 2023, Utah stripped liability protections from any doctor who treats a trans person under the age of 25, and allowing any trans person under 25 to retroactively "disaffirm" consent and sue the doctor for providing care they had at the time consented to.
South Dakota: In February 2023, South Dakota passed a similar law as Utah's, but without any age limit.
Arkansas: On March 13, 2023, Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders signed a bill giving adults 15 years to file malpractice lawsuits for gender-affirming care they received as minors, whereas for other types of care (under preexisting law) a malpractice lawsuit must generally be filed within two years.These states restrict treatment for trans adults (as well as younger people):

Florida: In August 2022, the state of Florida voted to require any trans adult seeking gender affirming healthcare to receive approval from the Florida Board of Medicine at least 24 hours in advance. On May 17, 2023, DeSantis signed a law banning insurance providers from covering gender-affirming care for adults, as well as banning nurse practitioners and physicians' assistants (estimated to make up 80% of gender affirming care providers) from administering it, and banning it from being offered via telehealth. The Florida state legislature had passed the bill the previous month.
Missouri: In April 2023, the state attorney general issued an emergency order instituting a three-year waiting period of continuous documented dysphoria before qualifying for gender-affirming care, disqualifying people if they have untreated depression or anxiety, mandates a screening for autism, and mandating regular screenings for "social contagion". This has been characterized by many as a de facto ban on trans healthcare for adults, since depression and anxiety are common symptoms of gender dysphoria. A judge temporarily blocked enforcement of the order and scheduled a hearing for May 11.  The attorney general withdrew this order on May 16 after the state legislature passed two bills restricting gender-affirming care for trans youth. On June 7, 2023, Governor Mike Parson signed a bill that contained a provision banning gender-affirming care for prisoners, which took effect on August 28.

 Treatment for minors 
"Gender-affirming care for minors has been available in the U.S. for more than a decade and is endorsed by major medical associations, but it has increasingly come under attack in many conservative legislatures." Efforts to prohibit gender-affirming care for minors had begun several years earlier, but did not receive much attention from state legislatures until more recently. The conservative organization Do No Harm was influential in developing model legislation that appeared starting in 2022 in Arkansas, Florida, Iowa, Mississippi, Montana, New Hampshire, and West Virginia legislatures.As of January 2024, 23 states had enacted some form of ban on gender-affirming care for minors, 19 of which were enacted in 2023. However, 16 of these bans are currently being challenged in court. Furthermore, only 13 of the 23 states have complete bans which are fully in effect. Five states have only partial bans and another five are currently blocked from taking effect. While some states have banned all forms of medical transition, others such as Arizona, Nebraska and Georgia have banned only specific types such as hormone therapy or surgery. Six states have exceptions which allow minors who were already receiving gender affirming care prior to the ban to continue their treatments. Currently, all 23 states make exceptions for puberty blockers, hormones and surgery for cisgender and intersex children. Only one state, West Virginia, makes exceptions in cases of "severe dysphoria". There is also currently only one state, Missouri, that has a ban which is set to expire after a certain period of time. Nearly all states with restrictions include specific provisions with penalties for providers and 4 states include provisions directed at parents or guardians. An additional 4 states include laws/policies that impact school officials such as teachers and counselors, among others.At the same time, many democrat controlled states have gone in the opposite direction and enacted laws protecting access to gender affirming care for minors and adults. These laws, often called "shield" laws, often explicitly combine protections for gender-affirming care and abortion and cover a variety of protections including protecting both providers and patients from being punished, mandating insurance providers to cover the procedures and acting as "sanctuary states" that protect patients traveling to the state from other states that have banned such treatments among other things. As of November 2023, 14 states and the District of Columbia have enacted "shield" laws.
Of the approximately 1.6 million Americans who are transgender, about 300,000 are under the age of 18. As of October 2023, approximately 105,200 transgender youth aged 13 to 17 lived in states where gender affirming care is banned for minors. However, around 26,000 of those youth are currently still able to access care in their state due to court orders that prohibit enforcement of the laws. Conversely, around 146,700 transgender youth live in states that have passed gender-affirming care "shield" laws that support access to care by protecting doctors and parents who prescribe or seek access to medical care for youth. An analysis from KFF in late January 2024 estimated that 38% of trans youth between the ages of 13-17 in the United States lived in states with laws limiting youth access to gender-affirming care.

 Bans for minors 

 Protections for minors 

 Related studies 
In one 2016 study, the effect of puberty blockers was shown to be fully reversible. Earlier studies (e.g., these in 2012 and 2015) indicated ongoing long-term research into potential effects on the brain.

 Awareness of providers 
The lack of knowledge and education related to transgender health is an obstacle transgender people face. A 2011 study published in JAMA reported that medical students cover up to "only five hours" of LGBT related content. A different study done by Lambda Legal in 2010 stated that 89.4% of transgender people felt that there are not enough medical providers that are "adequately trained" for their needs. This lack of medical training makes it harder for transgender people to find suitable and proper healthcare. A 2014 report by the Department of Justice found that 50% of trans people had actually had to teach their medical providers about trans healthcare.

 Discrimination 
A 2014 report by the Department of Justice found that 28% of trans people reported being harassed in medical settings, 19% reported being refused care, 2% reported being physically attacked in a doctor's office, 10% reported being sexually assaulted in one, 9% had been involuntarily committed, and 3% subjected to unwanted medical procedures. The report further found that it was not uncommon for trans people to be forced by psychiatric professionals to provide sexual favors in exchange for being allowed continued access to gender affirming medical care.Transgender people also sometimes experience discrimination by healthcare professionals, who have refused to treat them for conditions both related and unrelated to their gender identity. A 2017 report by the Center for American Progress found 29 percent of transgender people reporting they were denied care by a medical provider in the preceding year due to their gender identity or sexual orientation.  The same study found that 21 percent of trans people reported medical providers used abusive or harsh language when they sought care.The Affordable Care Act (ACA) of 2010, specifically Section 1557, prohibits sex discrimination in federally funded health care facilities, and in 2012 the federal Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) clarified that this includes discrimination based on transgender status. The government's final rule in 2016 determined that the ACA forbid discrimination based on gender identity. The ACA also forbids insurance providers from refusing to cover a person based on a pre-existing condition, including being transgender. However, a federal judge in Texas in 2016 issued a nationwide injunction stopping the ACA's transgender antidiscrimination protections from taking effect, and in 2019 that same court issued a final ruling that was binding on HHS. On June 12, 2020, the Trump administration issued a new rule stating that sexual orientation and gender identity were not covered under the anti-discrimination protections of the Affordable Care Act. This rule was in effect for nearly a year until it was reversed by the Biden administration, restoring the Obama-era policy.Complaints sent to HHS during the Trump administration indicated that medical providers were still frequently denying care to transgender people on the basis of their gender identity.Some jurisdictions have their own laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sex, gender identity or gender expression in public accommodations, as well as under medical malpractice and misconduct law.In 2020, the Supreme Court ruled in Bostock v. Clayton County that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity is necessarily also discrimination "because of sex" as prohibited by Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and thus that Title VII protects employees against such discrimination.
A 2022 study on the allocation of ventilators during the pandemic found that respondents across the entire political spectrum were, when presented with the choice between allocating a ventillator to a cisgender man or a transgender person, on average less likely to allocate it to the trans person than to the cis man. In particular, respondents with conservative political leanings, when given a choice between allocating a ventilator to a cis man or a trans woman, were 14.3% less likely to allocate it to the trans woman, and when given a choice between allocating a ventilator to a cis man or a trans man, were 18.6% less likely to allocate it to the trans man.

 Catholic hospitals 
1 in 6 patients in the United States are treated in a Catholic facility. In March 2023, the United States Catholic Bishops issued guidelines for Catholic hospitals, entitled "Moral Limits to the Technological Manipulation of the Human Body", which banned the provision of gender affirming healthcare by such hospitals entirely.

 Trans Broken Arm Syndrome 
A common form of discrimination in healthcare settings is known as "trans broken arm syndrome", in which a doctor mistakenly assumes that a trans person's medical ailments stem from their trans status or gender-affirming care and consequently treats their problem incorrectly or denies them care entirely. Trans patients often hide their trans status when visiting a doctor if their problem, such as a broken arm, isn't related to their trans status. This is especially common in rural or more conservative areas.A 2022 survey from the Center for American Progress revealed that 19 percent of trans individuals had experienced this form of discrimination in the past year.

 Medical privacy 
Transgender people have the right to medical privacy. According to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), medical providers and insurance companies are prohibited from disclosing any personal medical information including a person's transgender status. HIPAA also allows transgender people to access and receive a copy of their medical records from health care facilities.

 Insurance coverage 
It can be difficult for transgender people to find insurance coverage for their medical needs.Even though there is medical consensus that hormone therapy and sex reassignment surgery (SRS) are medically necessary for many transgender people, the kinds of health care associated with gender transition are sometimes misunderstood as cosmetic, experimental or simply unnecessary. This has led to public and private insurance companies denying coverage for such treatment. Courts have repeatedly ruled that these treatments may be medically necessary and have recognized gender dysphoria as a legitimate medical condition constituting a "serious medical need".The ban on Medicare coverage for gender reassignment surgery was repealed by the US Department of Health and Human Services in 2014. Insurance companies, however, still hold the authority to decide whether the procedures are a medical necessity. Thus, insurance companies can decide whether they will provide Medicare coverage for the surgeries.Under federal tax laws, the Internal Revenue Code, section 213, defines the purpose of "medical care" as "for the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, or for the purpose of affecting any structure or function of the body." Only cosmetic surgeries promoting the physical or mental health of an individual can qualify for medical deductions. Transgender people have used the diagnosis of gender dysphoria to qualify for deductible health care.The idea that transition-related care is cosmetic or experimental has been ruled as discriminatory and out of touch with current medical thinking. The AMA and WPATH have specifically rejected these arguments, and courts have affirmed their conclusion. In a case brought by Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders (GLAD), O'Donnabhain v. Commissioner, for instance, the Internal Revenue Service lost its claim that such treatments were cosmetic and experimental when a transgender woman deducted her SRS procedures as a medical expense. Courts have also found that psychotherapy alone is insufficient treatment for gender dysphoria, and that for some people, SRS may be the only effective treatment.

 State Medicaid Coverage 
In June 2022, the Florida Agency for Healthcare Administration, the agency responsible for overseeing the state's Medicaid service, released a report in which it declared transgender hormone therapy to be "experimental and investigational".The report was quickly rebuffed by the wider scientific community, with experts from Yale in July publishing an analysis in which they stated that the report ignored accepted scientific studies and consensus regarding gender dysphoria, had its writers chosen from those with ties to anti-LGBTQ groups specifically for their bias, cited sources with no scientific merit - including a student blog post and a letter to the editor, and that if the state used the same standard it used in the report to evaluate other treatments, it would no longer allow Medicaid to pay for a wide array of common medications.The Yale analysis also stated that "it seems clear that the report is not a serious scientific analysis but, rather, a document crafted to serve a political agenda" and that "medical treatment for gender dysphoria does meet generally accepted professional medical standards and is not experimental or investigational".

 Prisoners' rights 
In 1992, UC Irvine researchers published an article detailing medical experiments performed on every trans female inmate in the California state prison system, ending with all subjects being indefinitely taken off hormone therapy. The authors wrote: "withdrawal of therapy was also associated with adverse symptoms in 60 of the 86 transsexuals. Rebound androgenization, hot flashes, moodiness, and irritability or depression were the most frequent complaints." At the time, no right to access gender appropriate care existed in California state prisons.
According to the Vera Institute, 16% of trans adults in the US have been incarcerated, compared to 2.7% of cis adults, and trans people make up 59% of prison sexual assault victims.In September 2011, a California state court denied the request of a California inmate, Lyralisa Stevens, for sex reassignment surgery at the state's expense.On January 17, 2014, in Kosilek v. Spencer a three-judge panel of the First Circuit Court of Appeals ordered the Massachusetts Department of Corrections to provide Michelle Kosilek, a Massachusetts inmate, with sex reassignment surgery. It said denying the surgery violated Kosilek's Eighth Amendment rights, which included "receiving medically necessary treatment ... even if that treatment strikes some as odd or unorthodox".On April 3, 2015, the U.S. Department of Justice intervened in a federal lawsuit filed in Georgia to argue that denying hormone treatment for transgender inmates violates their rights. It contended that the state's policy that only allows for continuing treatments begun before incarceration was insufficient and that inmate treatment needs to be based on ongoing assessments. The case was brought by Ashley Diamond, an inmate who had used hormone treatment for seventeen years before entering the Georgia prison system.On May 11, 2018, the US Bureau of Prisons announced that prison guidelines issued by the Obama Administration in January 2017 to allow transgender prisoners to be transferred to prisons housing inmates of the gender which they identify with had been rescinded and that assigned sex at birth would once again determine where transgender prisoners are jailed.In August 2022, a federal judge in Nebraska ruled against a transgender woman who had been denied gender affirming care in prison, and placed in a cell with a male sex offender that proceeded to sexually assault her. In his ruling, the judge declared there to be insufficient evidence of deliberate indifference on the prison's part to the plaintiff's gender dysphoria, and that the plaintiff hadn't sufficiently proven that she'd suffered more than minimal injuries from the sexual assault, stating that he found no support for the notion that a substantial risk of harm or deliberate indifference to it "could be plausibly inferred from a prospective cellmate's conviction of sexual offenses coupled with the alleged vulnerability of a transgender inmate transitioning to a woman in a men's prison".

 V-coding 
A 2018 report from the Indiana Maurer University School of Law, along with a subsequent report in the UCLA Journal of Gender and Law, found that it was common for trans women placed in men's prisons to be assigned to cells with aggressive cisgender male cellmates as both a reward and a means of placation for said cellmates, so as to maintain social control and to, as one inmate described it, "keep the violence rate down". Trans women used in this manner are often raped daily. This process is known as "V-coding", and has been described as so common that it is effectively "a central part of a trans woman's sentence".The report also found it common for correctional officers to publicly strip search trans women inmates, before putting their bodies on display for not only the other correctional officers, but for the other prisoners. Trans women in this situation are sometimes made to dance, present, or masturbate at the CO's discretion.The prisoners serving as "customers" for these women are informally referred to as "husbands". Trans women who physically resist the rape are often criminally charged with assault and placed in solitary confinement, the assault charge then being used to extend the woman's prison stay and deny her parole.

 Immigration 
In 2000, the US Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals concluded that "gay men with female sexual identities [sic] in Mexico constitute a 'particular social group'" that was persecuted and was entitled to asylum in the US (Hernandez-Montiel v. INS). Since then, several cases have reinforced and clarified the decision. Morales v. Gonzales (2007) is the only published decision in asylum law that uses "male-to-female transsexual" instead of "gay man with female sexual identity".  An immigration judge stated that, under Hernandez-Montiel, Morales would have been eligible for asylum (if not for her criminal conviction).Critics have argued that allowing transgender people to apply for asylum "would invite a flood of people who could claim a 'well-founded fear' of persecution". Precise numbers are unknown, but Immigration Equality, a nonprofit for LGBT immigrants, estimates hundreds of cases.The United States has no process for accepting visa requests for third gender citizens from other countries. In 2015, trans HIV activist Amruta Alpesh Soni's request for a visa was delayed because her gender is listed as "T" (for transgender) on her Indian passport. In order to receive a visa, the State Department requires the gender identification on the visa to match the gender identification on the passport.

 Military 

Currently, transgender people are allowed to fully serve in the military since 2021.

 History 
Discharges for gender transitioning were once commonplace. In one case, a trans person who had had gender-reassignment surgery was discharged from the Air Force Reserve, a decision supported by the Court of Appeals.

 Obama administration 
In 2015, the Pentagon reviewed its policy regarding transgender service members and announced that its ban would be removed. It announced on June 30, 2016, that, effective immediately, existing servicemembers who came out as transgender would no longer be discharged, denied reenlistment, involuntarily separated, or denied continuation of service simply because of their gender, and that, starting in July 2017, people who already identify as transgender were welcome to join the military so long as they had already adapted to their self-identified gender for at least an 18-month period.

 Trump administration 
President Donald Trump tweeted on July 26, 2017, that transgender individuals will not be allowed to "serve in any capacity in the U.S. military". Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford pushed back, saying that the Secretary of Defense needed time to review this order. "In the meantime," he said, "we will continue to treat all of our personnel with respect." On August 1, 2017, the Palm Center released a letter signed by 56 retired generals and admirals, opposing the proposed ban on transgender military service members. The letter stated that, if implemented, the ban would "deprive the military of mission-critical talent" and would compel cisgender service members "to choose between reporting their comrades or disobeying policy". To challenge Trump's intended policy, at least four lawsuits were filed (Jane Doe v. Trump, Stone v. Trump, Karnoski v. Trump, and Stockman v. Trump), as well as bipartisan Senate and House bills (S. 1820 and H.R. 4041). On August 25, 2017, Trump signed a presidential memorandum to formalize his request for an implementation plan from the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security. Several days later, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis announced that he would set up a panel of experts to provide recommendations and that, meanwhile, currently serving transgender troops would be allowed to remain. After another memorandum in 2018, and a further memorandum in 2019, the procedures regarding serving in the armed forces were finalized.

 Biden administration 
President Joe Biden overturned the laws the Trump Administration put in place to ban transgender people from serving in the military on January 25, 2021, only five days after he took the oath of office. Biden said, "It is my conviction as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces that gender identity should not be a bar to military service. Moreover, there is substantial evidence that allowing transgender individuals to serve in the military does not have any meaningful negative impact on the Armed Forces."
Biden's executive order was implemented in a step by step process. The order Trump signed banning transgender people from the military was to be reversed, the Department of Defense was to correct the record of anyone dismissed from service due to their gender identity, and the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security were to begin the process of allowing transgender service members to serve openly. On April 30, 2021, the United States Department of Defense enacted a new policy which required better medical service and assistance to transgender people serving in the United States Military.

 Taxes 
IRS Publication 502 lists medical expenses that are tax-deductible to the extent they 1) exceed 7.5% of the individual's adjusted gross income, and 2) were not paid for by any insurance or other third party. For example, a person with $20,000 gross adjusted income can deduct all medical expenses after the first $1,500 spent.  If that person incurred $16,000 in medical expenses during the tax year, then $14,500 is deductible.  At higher incomes where the 7.5% floor becomes substantial, the deductible amount is often less than the standard deduction, in which case it is not cost-effective to claim.
IRS Publication 502 includes several deductions that may apply to gender transition treatments, including some operations.
The deduction for operations was denied to a trans woman but was restored in tax court. The deductibility of the other items in Publication 502 was never in dispute.

 Sports 

24 U.S. States have banned transgender people from sports under their gender identity in various capacities. These states include Texas, Arkansas, Florida, Alabama, Oklahoma, Kentucky,  Mississippi, Tennessee, West Virginia, South Carolina, Utah, South Dakota, Montana, Iowa, Arizona, Idaho, Wyoming, Indiana, Louisiana, Kansas, Georgia, North Dakota, North Carolina, Alaska and Ohio. The passage of legislation against transgender youth has seen increases in calls to Trans Lifeline, a suicide crisis hotline run by and for transgender people.In Oklahoma, all students who wish to play sports must submit a notarized affidavit of biological sex assigned at birth, under penalty of perjury.In August 2022, USA Cycling, citing new regulations on trans athletes, retroactively stripped trans woman Leia Genis of her silver medal earned at the Track National Championships that had taken place in 2022.Transgender rights organizations have argued that these discriminatory laws are not about protecting women's sports, but rather are attempts to "undermine the existence of transgender people." Transgender advocates have noted that hormone replacement therapy and testosterone suppression reduces muscle mass and physical strength in transgender women, reducing the possibility of a competitive advantage. Transgender inclusion in sports is supported by the Women's Sports Foundation, the Women's National Basketball Players Association  (WNBPA), the National Women's Law Center, and Athlete Ally, as well as United States Women's National Soccer Team Captain Megan Rapinoe, tennis legend Billie Jean King, WNBA Minnesota Lynx coach Cheryl Reeve, and WNBA star Candace Parker.The US Department of Education has said transgender students are protected under Title IX.In November 2022, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Miss United States of America pageant was allowed to categorically bar trans women from the competition, stating that the pageant's purpose was to celebrate "the ideal vision of American womanhood", and that allowing trans women to compete would make the pageant unable to do this. (This is a different pageant from Miss USA, which does admit trans women.)In early 2023, the Florida High School Athletics Association recommended that all female athletes be mandated to supply up to date information on their menstrual cycles to a database accessible by their school's administrators. This was speculated by many to be a method of both enforcing abortion restrictions, and detecting any female athletes who might be trans women in violation of the state's ban.In early 2023, a national proposal was introduced as HR 734, "Protecting Women and Girls in Sports Act."

 Biden administration rule change 
In April 2023, the Biden administration proposed a Title IX rule change which would declare blanket "one size fits all" bans on trans athletes from teams consistent with their genders, a violation of Title IX, but would authorize such bans if done for a number of reasons, including "fairness in competition". According to the proposal, this would most likely mean that bans that apply to elementary school students would be forbidden, but bans on high school and college students would be authorized under Title IX.

 Summary 

 See also 
Transgender disenfranchisement in the United States
Transphobia in the United States
Identity documents in the United States
History of transgender people in the United States
LGBT rights in the United States
Intersex rights in the United States
Transgender rights
Name change
List of transgender-related topics

 References 

Michael Norwood
Michael Norwood is an American former basketball player who is currently a lieutenant with the Buffalo Police Department.
Norwood is one-half of the musical duo The Singing Cops with fellow officer Armonde "Moe" Badger, and they were contestants together on The Amazing Race 33.

 History 

 Playing career 
Michael Norwood Jr. was born in Buffalo, New York, playing basketball for Seneca Vocational High School and receiving All-Western New York honors following his senior season in 2003.He played for two seasons at Erie Community College under Alexander Nwora from 2003 to 2005. After transferring to Coppin State University in 2005, he played two seasons under Fang Mitchell before going undrafted in the 2007 NBA Draft.Norwood played professionally for the Buffalo Stampede for both of their seasons in the Premier Basketball League from 2009 to 2010.After being signed by the Äänekosken Huima in Finland, Norwood injured his foot in training and was released by the club in September 2010 prior to their season opener. His father, Michael Norwood Sr. had been a star with the team in the 1970s.He was selected in the third round of the 2012 NBL Canada draft by the Summerside Storm, but instead chose to retire in favor of a law enforcement career.

 Law enforcement career and fame 
Norwood was hired as a police officer by the Buffalo Police Department in January 2013.A clip of Norwood and his partner Armonde "Moe" Badger singing "Thinking Out Loud" inside a restaurant went viral in March 2019, leading to the pair making national appearances as The Singing Cops. They appeared together on an April 2019 episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show, with the host donating $10,000 to their C.O.P.S.S. (Children Overcoming Police Stereotypes Through Sports) foundation. The Singing Cops released a song titled "Different" in July 2009.Norwood was placed on administrative leave in August 2019 following an incident where his patrol car collided with a motorcycle.He began competing as a professional bodybuilder for the International Fitness and Bodybuilding Federation in July 2021.Badger and Norwood appeared as contestants together on The Amazing Race 33 in January 2022, and were the first team eliminated.Norwood was promoted to the rank of lieutenant by the Buffalo Police Department in November 2022.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

The Bon-Ton
Bonton Holdings Inc. operating as Bonton was an American department store chain and group founded in 1898. The former York, Pennsylvania-based company BonTon filed for bankruptcy in February 2018 and sold the name to CSC Generation, which sold it to BrandX.com in 2021, operating an e-commerce site under the brand name. Along with Bergner's, Boston Store, Carson's, Elder-Beerman, Herberger's, and Younkers, the names of most of the defunct retail group's department store chains are owned by BrandX.

 History 

 19th century 
The Bon-Ton was founded in 1898, when Max Grumbacher and his father, Samuel, opened S. Grumbacher & Son, a one-room millinery and dry goods store on Market Street in York, Pennsylvania.

 20th century 
As reported in the Carlisle Evening Sentinel on October 31, 1902, the store chain had two additional locations under the name "Bon-Ton Millinery" in Trenton, New Jersey,and five Pennsylvania locations: Carlisle, Lancaster, Lebanon, Altoona, and East Liverpool. The name "Bon-Ton" was drawn from a British term connoting the "elite" or "high society".
Through World War I and the Roaring Twenties, the Grumbacher's store chain grew bigger, and in 1929, the company was incorporated as S. Grumbacher & Son, Inc. In 1931, Max's son, Max Samuel (M.S.), joined the company. When Max the elder died in 1933, his widow, Daisy, and their two sons, M.S. and Richard, continued the business, forming a partnership in 1936.
The Bon-Ton was a popular store destination on the classic radio show Fibber McGee and Molly, which aired from 1935 to 1959.
Following World War II, the Grumbacher family expanded operations even further. In 1946, an additional Bon-Ton was opened, in Hanover, Pennsylvania. Two years later, the company moved outside Pennsylvania, acquiring Eyerly's in Hagerstown, Maryland, and, in 1957, purchasing McMeen's in Lewistown, Pennsylvania. These early moves set Bon-Ton's policy of growing into adjacent areas by opening new stores and acquiring existing businesses.
Over the next three decades, The Bon-Ton Stores continued to expand. In 1961, M.S.'s son, M. Thomas "Tim", entered the business, representing the fourth generation of Grumbachers. During the 1960s, the company opened new Eyerly's and Bon-Ton stores in several Pennsylvania communities and one in West Virginia. In 1969, they retired McMeen's name. During the 1970s, as the popularity of shopping centers began to grow, The Bon-Ton opened 11 new stores in Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
During the 1980s, the retail department store industry rapidly consolidated as major chains bought their competitors. The Bon-Ton Stores began the decade by opening more stores, establishing a new division, Maxwell's, and acquiring L S Good, including its Fowler's department stores. When Tim Grumbacher was made CEO in 1985, the company operated 18 stores in four states. Two years later, the company made a major move, buying the 11-store Pomeroy's chain from Allied Department Stores. That purchase allowed the company to move into seven new markets in Pennsylvania.
In 1991, The Bon-Ton acquired J.W. Rhodes in Ithaca, New York. The Bon-Ton entered the Lancaster, Pennsylvania, market in 1992 with the acquisition of two Watt & Shand locations in downtown Lancaster and Park City Center. The company continued to expand its presence in the New York metropolitan area in 1993 with a store in the Wilton Mall in Saratoga Springs in the former Addis & Dey's space. In the late 1980s, the company also acquired a York, Pennsylvania-based family-operated department store, Mailman's, from Stanley Mailman, which converted to a Bon-Ton location.
In July 1994, The Bon-Ton purchased the 127-year-old Adam, Meldrum, and Anderson Company chain based in Buffalo, New York, for $42.6 million (~$76.7 million in 2022), converting all locations to The Bon Ton. Around the same time, The Bon-Ton  purchased Chappell's of Syracuse, New York, and Hess's of Allentown, Pennsylvania.
The Bon-Ton initially retained and operated Hess's flagship location until 1996, when it closed after nearly 100 years of continuous operation. The site was eventually demolished. Its Allentown store, Hess's former south Allentown location, was the anchor of the South Mall.
In 1995, The Bon-Ton entered the Rochester, New York market in three former McCurdy's locations, and in a former McCurdy's space (originally Iszard's) in Elmira, New York. The following spring, the company opened a fourth Rochester location in a former Sibley's/Kaufmann's location. In March 1995, The Bon-Ton closed the landmark downtown Lancaster store. Later that year, they closed the downtown AM&A's location. 1998's expansion included a new store in Westfield, Massachusetts, making it The Bon-Ton Stores' first presence in New England.

 21st century 
In October 2003, The Bon-Ton expanded its reach into Ohio and the lower Midwest by acquiring the 68-store Elder-Beerman store chain. Following an attempt to convert to a privately held company, Elder-Beerman was offered more cash for its outstanding stock as part of the buyout.On November 25, 2003, Bon-Ton reported a net loss in the third quarter of $1.7 million, or $0.11 per share, including an asset impairment charge of $0.10 per share.The Bon-Ton Stores chain doubled in size in November 2005 with the $1.1 billion (~$1.59 billion in 2022) purchase of the 142 stores of Saks' Northern Department Store Group, headquartered in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The corporate headquarters remained in York, Pennsylvania, but the merchandising headquarters was relocated to Milwaukee. As with the Elder-Beerman acquisition, no store names were changed in the transaction. The newly acquired store group included Carson Pirie Scott, later branded as Carson's, Bergner's, Boston Store, Herberger's, and Younkers.In September 2006, The Bon-Ton purchased four Parisian stores (plus one under construction) from Belk, which had just purchased the chain; the stores were located in Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio, outside Belk's traditional operating territory. The stores in Indiana and Ohio soon became Carson Pirie Scott and Elder-Beerman, respectively. The three Michigan stores continued to be positioned as Parisian until 2013, when they became Carson's stores.From 2011 through 2017, the company did not post a net profit, while not unheard of, it also had a somewhat high degree of executive turnover during a significant period for legacy retailers to innovate.In December 2013, Mike Nemoir, senior vice president, announced he would retire after four decades in the retail industry at Bon-Ton and its predecessor companies on March 28, 2014. In May 2017, Tim Grumbacher retired after 50 years on the board of directors, and more than 25 as its chairman. He was Bon-Ton's CEO from 1985 to 1995 and held other senior management positions. Grumbacher's wife and fellow board member, Debra Simon, was elected to succeed him.In the fall of 2016, Bon-Ton launched "Close to Home" dedicated areas with its branding within 45 stores offering carefully selected hand-picked merchandise from designers, artisans, and entrepreneurs in each market. In February 2017, the chain announced it would expand this concept to at least 100 stores in 25 states.

 Bankruptcy and liquidation 
On December 18, 2017, Bon-Ton Stores revealed that after sales had fallen 6% in both the second and third quarters, it would be unable to satisfy a $14 million (~$16.5 million in 2022) interest payment due December 15. The company entered into a standard grace period with its lenders. Analysis from Standard & Poor's downgraded the company into selective default, and predicted an out-of-court restructuring or a bankruptcy filing after the grace period.In late January 2018, The Bon-Ton announced a decision to optimize its brick-and-mortar format by shuttering 42 stores in 14 states, in addition to five stores previously announced.In February 2018, The Bon-Ton Stores Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with the likelihood of satisfying its long-term debt.On April 9, 2018, it was announced that Washington Prime Group and Namdar Realty Group had made a substantial offer to acquire The Bon-Ton. On April 17, 2018, however, a judge decided that the company would not be allowed to pay a $500,000 (~$576,791 in 2022) "work fee", rejecting the offer. The next highest offer that day came from The Great American Group LLC and Tiger Capital Group LLC, which are businesses that both specialize in store liquidation, from which they receive a significant profit. Later on that same day The Bon-Ton announced that the court had approved The Great American Group LLC and Tiger Capitol Group LLC's offer for $775.5 million and that it would liquidate all 267 stores and convert its Chapter 11 bankruptcy to Chapter 7. They acquired the inventory and other assets of the company and sold it all off.On August 30, Great America Group said all Pennsylvania locations were officially closed, and buildings would be vacated by the next day.

 Relaunch 
On August 31, 2018, The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.-owned retail websites were updated with "Stay Tuned" messages, indicating that the company's respective brands would relaunch; the liquidator stated that the company was being acquired. On September 6, 2018, it was reported that the purchaser was Merrillville, Indiana-based CSC Generation, a holding company backed by Chinese and American venture capital firms, which owns the membership buying service DirectBuy.
CSC Generation agreed to pay $900,000 to acquire the Bon-Ton which includes their official branding, trademarks, websites, and database of 24.5 million unique customer records and 5.6 million email addresses. While the retailer would be focused on its digital format, there were plans to reopen some physical stores in several states. However, only one such store was rolled out, in Evergreen Park, Illinois, and it closed in October 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. Beauty products company L'Oréal USA successfully bid $312,900 for data on Bon-Ton's cosmetics and fragrance customers.On September 10, 2018, the federal bankruptcy judge approved the sale to CSC Generation; on September 14, the new owner relaunched for all of its department store brands. In addition to apparel and home goods, they also sold televisions and major kitchen appliances.Subsequently, in early 2021, CSC Generation sold Bon-Ton to New York-based BrandX.com, Inc in a private sale. According to a May 2022 article on WWD, BrandX will relaunch Bon-Ton and open a brick-and-mortar format Carson's in Illinois.In September 2022, The Bon-Ton relaunched as the first brand relaunch by BrandX.com.

 See also 
List of retailers affected by the retail apocalypse
Retail apocalypse

 References 

 External links 

Official website

Northeastern United States
The Northeastern United States, also referred to as the Northeast, the East Coast, or the American Northeast, is a geographic region of the United States located on the Atlantic coast of North America. It borders Canada to its north, the Southern United States to its south, the Midwestern United States to its west, and the Atlantic Ocean to its east. 
The Northeast is one of the four regions defined by the U.S. Census Bureau for the collection and analysis of statistics. The Census Bureau defines the region as including the six New England states of Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont, and three northern Mid-Atlantic states of New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. Some expanded definitions of the region include Delaware, Maryland, Northern Virginia, and Washington, D.C..
The region is home to the Northeast megalopolis, which includes many of the nation's largest metropolitan areas, including Boston, New York City, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C. The megalopolis makes up 67% of the region's total population of 57,609,148. The gross domestic product of the region was $5.1 trillion dollars as of 2022 and contains some of the most developed states based on the Human Development Index, with every state with the exception of Maine above the national average. It is also the most densely populated region in the United States, with 320 people per square mile (120 people/km2). The U.S. Census Bureau defines the Northeast United States as having a total area of 181,324 sq mi (469,630 km2), making it the smallest region of the United States by total area.

 History 

 Indigenous people 

Anthropologists recognize the "Northeastern Woodlands" as one of the cultural regions that existed in the Western Hemisphere at the time of European colonists in the 15th and later centuries. Most did not settle in North America until the 17th century. The cultural area, known as the "Northeastern Woodlands", in addition to covering the entire Northeast U.S., also covered much of what is now Canada and others regions of what is now the eastern United States.Among the many tribes inhabiting this area were those that made up the Iroquois nations and the numerous Algonquian peoples. In the United States of the 21st century, 18 federally recognized tribes reside in the Northeast. For the most part, the people of the Northeastern Woodlands, on whose lands European fishermen began camping to dry their codfish in the early 1600s, lived in villages, especially after being influenced by agricultural traditions of the Ohio and Mississippi valley societies.

 Colonial history 

All of the U.S. states making up the Northeastern region were among the original Thirteen Colonies, though Maine and Vermont were part of other colonies before the United States became independent in the American Revolution. The two cultural and geographic regions that form parts of the Northeastern region have distinct histories. The first European explorer known to have explored the Atlantic shoreline of the Northeast since the Norse was Giovanni da Verrazzano in 1524. His ship La Dauphine explored the coast from what is now known as Florida to New Brunswick.
The first Europeans to settle and colonize New England were Pilgrims from England, who landed in present-day Massachusetts in 1620. The Pilgrims arrived on the ship Mayflower and founded Plymouth Colony so they could practice religion freely. Ten years later, a larger group of Puritans settled north of Plymouth Colony in Boston to form Massachusetts Bay Colony. In 1636, colonists established Connecticut Colony and Providence Plantations.Providence was founded by Roger Williams, who was banished by Massachusetts for his beliefs in freedom of religion, and it was the first colony to guarantee all citizens freedom of worship. Anne Hutchinson, who was also banished by Massachusetts, formed the town of Portsmouth. Providence, Portsmouth and two other towns (Newport and Warwick) consolidated to form the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.Henry Hudson explored the area of present-day New York in 1609 and claimed it for the Netherlands. His journey stimulated Dutch interest, and the area became known as New Netherland. In 1625, the city of New Amsterdam (the location of present-day New York City) was designated the capital of the province. The Dutch New Netherland settlement along the Hudson River and, for a time, the New Sweden settlement along the Delaware River divided the English settlements in the north and the south. In 1664, Charles II of England formally annexed New Netherland and incorporated it into the English colonial empire. The territory became the colonies of New York and New Jersey. New Jersey was originally split into East Jersey and West Jersey until the two were united as a royal colony in 1702.New England played a prominent role in early American education. Starting in the 17th century, the larger towns in New England opened grammar schools, the forerunner of the modern high school. The first public school in the English colonies was the Boston Latin School, founded in 1635. In 1636, the colonial legislature of Massachusetts founded Harvard College, the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States.In 1681, William Penn, who wanted to give Quakers a land of religious freedom, founded Pennsylvania and extended freedom of religion to all citizens.Penn strongly desired access to the sea for the Province of Pennsylvania and leased what then came to be known as the "Lower Counties on the Delaware" from the Duke. Penn established representative government and briefly combined his two possessions under one General Assembly in 1682. 
By 1704, the Province of Pennsylvania had grown so large that their representatives wanted to make decisions without the assent of the Lower Counties and the two groups of representatives began meeting on their own, one at Philadelphia, and the other at New Castle, Delaware. Penn and his heirs remained proprietors of both and always appointed the same person Governor for their Province of Pennsylvania and their territory of the Lower Counties. The fact that Delaware and Pennsylvania shared the same governor was not unique. From 1703 to 1738, both New York and New Jersey shared a governor. Massachusetts and New Hampshire also shared a governor for some time.

 American Revolution 

The beginnings of the American Revolutionary War would be in the Northeast, specifically in Massachusetts. The Battles of Lexington and Concord in northeast of Boston would be the first military engagements between the Revolutionaries and the British. Many of the major battles of the revolution would be fought in the Northeast. The British would evacuate Boston in early-1776 and would move to capture New York City.The revolutionaries were pushed to the Delaware River before suddenly moving forward against the British in the Battles of Trenton and Princeton. A stalemate was reached in 1778, between the British and American Revolutionaries and continued until the end of the war in 1783. The war would move to southern states and eventually conclude with the Battle of Yorktown in Virginia.

 Formation of the United States of America 
The idea of an independent United States of America, with the designs of its government would be created primarily in the Northeast in a series of declarations, constitutions, and documents. The Continental Congresses would meet in Philadelphia, which would produce the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation. Following the American Revolution, the capital of the newly formed United States would move around in the states of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York. It was based in New York City from 1785 until 1790, when it was moved to Congress Hall in Philadelphia, where it remained for a decade, until 1800, when the construction of the new national capital of Washington, D.C. was completed.The Constitutional Convention was held in Philadelphia, where the new United States Constitution was drafted in 1787. 6 of the first 13 states to ratify the new constitution would be in the Northeast, with the last of the original 13, Rhode Island, ratifying the constitution in 1790. Vermont would be admitted in 1791 as the 14th state. The first Congress would convene in Federal Hall in New York City in March 1789.

 Early and mid-19th century 
Following the revolution the Northeast would see small skirmishes like the Whiskey Rebellion in western parts of Pennsylvania. Many northeastern states would continue trading with the British and other European powers. Tensions between the United States and Europe (specifically Britain) would sour in the lead up to the War of 1812. 
This caused certain trade merchants to meet in Hartford to propose succeeding from the United States. The War of 1812 would see less fighting in the Northeast and instead more fighting in western and southern areas. A failed invasion of Canada and the occupation of Maine would be some of the major conflicts during the war. The war would end in 1815 and most of the Northeast has not seen any major conflict since then.
The American Industrail Revolution was launched in Blackstone Valley in Rhode Island and Massachusetts, where textile mills spread across New England, and in eastern Pennsylvania, where coal, steel, and industrialization launched the nation's manufacturing sector.After the end of the War of 1812, industry boomed in the Northeast in the early and middle parts of the 19th century. With the construction of railroad and canals crossing the northeast and the rise of western territories and resources from the south, the Northeast experienced the development of new industries and a fast-growing population. Many of the coastal cities, including Boston, New York City, and Philadelphia, served as ocean trade ports for American goods. 
Cities, including Allentown, Buffalo, Pittsburgh, Rochester, and Syracuse, were settled and emerged as major industrial centers.By 1860, New York City, based on its present-day boundaries, was the first U.S. city to reach a population exceeding one million. Due to the settlement of the Midwest and Great Plains, agriculture would collapse in the Mid-Atlantic and New England, with many farms being abandoned by the end of the century, returning to rural forest.
Conflicts with the south over the spread of slavery would become a large factor in the start of the American Civil War, between the United States (western and Northeastern states) and the Confederacy (southeastern states). The admission of Maine as a free state in exchange for Missouri becoming a slave state as part of the Missouri Compromise in 1820 would settle the final boundaries of the Northeastern states.The Mason-Dixon line would be established as the border of slavery, following the border of Pennsylvania and Delaware/Maryland. Abolitionist movements would start in the Northeast and Midwest and would become prominent towards the mid-19th century, these groups advocated the shrinking or banning of slavery in the United States. Some Northeastern states still had small amounts of slaves into the 1850s, though some would ban it during the decade. 
The election of 1860 led to the start of the Civil War; southern states succeeded from the United States in late-1860 and early-1861. States like Maryland and Delaware would remain in the union, even with slavery still legal. For the first two years, the eastern theater of the war would remain in Virginia and Maryland, but in 1863 the war would reach its northeastern most extent in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. The Battle of Gettysburg is considered a turning point in the Civil War, seeing the end of the Confederate push northwards.While all Northeastern states would remain in the United States during the war, conflicts did arise, like the New York draft riots in 1863. The war would end in 1865 with the United States taking back control of Southern states.

 Industrial Revolution and modern times 
Following the Civil War, the Northeast would see a large economic boom and would become one of the most industrialized regions in the world. Many technological innovation would be made in the Northeast during this time. The Second Industrial Revolution would see the northeast grow massively, even more so than before the Civil War. Many cities in the Northeast would explode in population, with cities like Philadelphia and New York climbing over one million people, while other cities like Buffalo, Boston, and Pittsburgh would rise above half a million during this time. 
New York City eventually grew to become one of the largest cities in the world by 1900. With the American involvement in both World Wars, the Northeast would become a large base of war production, with the Brooklyn Naval Yard producing many navy ships. Many worker strikes would occur in the states, including the Homestead strike in 1892. Many of these cities would see a peak population and industrial output in the aftermath of World War II in the 1950s.Starting in the 1950s and continuing into the 21st century, a large industrial decline in the Northeast resulted in a depopulation of many Northeastern cities, many of which had not yet recovered from it into the 21st century. This led to the rise of programs of urban renewal and demolition of large parts of Northeastern cities during the mid and late 20th century. There has also been a large population shift to the Sun Belt states starting in the 1960s.New York state lost its claim to being the most populated state after it was surpassed by California in the 1970s. Some Northeastern cities, including New York City, have recovered from its decline in the mid-20th century. Many new information and service industries have risen in the northeast, which has led to a boom in the 21st century in some cities in the Northeast like Boston, New York, and Philadelphia. Some other cities like Hartford, Syracuse, and Buffalo still are declining though in the 21st century. Hurricane Sandy would impact much of the northeast in 2012, severely damaging much of the coast and causing flooding inland. The hurricane would directly impact New Jersey and caused large amounts of flooding in New York City.Although the first settlers of New England were motivated by religion, since the 21st century, New England had become one of the least religious parts of the United States. In a 2009 Gallup survey, less than half of residents in Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Vermont reported religion as an important part of their daily life. In a 2010 Gallup survey, less than 30% of residents in Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and Massachusetts reported attending church weekly, giving them the lowest church attendance among U.S. states.

 Geography 
The vast area from central Virginia to northern Maine, and from western Pennsylvania, from Pittsburgh in the west to the Atlantic Ocean in the east, have all been loosely grouped into the Northeast.
The U.S. Census Bureau's definition of the Northeast includes nine states: Maine, New York, New Jersey, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Hampshire, and Pennsylvania.The region is often subdivided into New England, the six states east of New York state and the Mid-Atlantic states of New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. This definition has been essentially unchanged since 1880 and is widely used as a standard for data tabulation.The U.S. Census Bureau has acknowledged the obvious limitations of this definition and the potential merits of a proposal created after the 1950 census, that would include changing regional boundaries to include Delaware, Maryland, and the Washington, D.C. with the Mid-Atlantic states, but ultimately decided that "the new system did not win enough overall acceptance among data users to warrant adoption as an official new set of general-purpose state groupings. The previous development of many series of statistics, arranged and issued over long periods of time on the basis of the existing State groupings, favored the retention of the summary units of the current regions and divisions." The U.S. Census Bureau confirmed in 1994 that it would continue to "review the components of the regions and divisions to ensure that they continue to represent the most useful combinations of states and state equivalents."Many organizations and reference works follow the Census Bureau's definition for the region. In the history of the United States, the Mason–Dixon line between Pennsylvania (the North) and Maryland (the South) traditionally divided the regions, but in modern times, various entities define the Northeastern United States in somewhat different ways. 
The Association of American Geographers divides the Northeast into two divisions: "New England", which is the same as the Census Bureau; and it has the same "Middle States" but adds Delaware. Similarly, the Geological Society of America defines the Northeast as these same states but with the addition of Maryland and the District of Columbia.The narrowest definitions include only the states of New England. Other more restrictive definitions include New England and New York as part of the Northeast United States, but exclude Pennsylvania and New Jersey.States beyond the Census Bureau definition are included in Northeast Region by various other entities:

Various organizations include Delaware, Maryland, and the national capital of Washington, D.C.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration include in their Northeast Region Delaware, Maryland, and West Virginia.
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service includes in their Northeast Region: Delaware, Maryland, District of Columbia, West Virginia, and Virginia.
The National Park Service includes in their Northeast Region: Delaware, Maryland, West Virginia, and Virginia, though small parts are also in the National Capital Region.

 Topography 
While most of the Northeastern United States lie in the physiographic region of the Appalachian Highlands, some are also part of the Atlantic coastal plain, which extends south to the southern tip of Florida. The coastal plain areas include Cape Cod in Massachusetts, Long Island in New York, and most of New Jersey, and are generally low and flat with sandy soil and marshy land. The highlands, including the Piedmont and the Appalachian Mountains, are heavily forested, ranging from rolling hills to summits greater than 6,000 feet (1,800 m), and pocked with many lakes. The highest peak in the Northeast is Mount Washington in New Hampshire at 6,288 feet (1,917 m).

 Land use 
As of 2012, forest-use covered approximately 60% of the Northeastern states, including Delaware, Maryland, and Washington, D.C., about twice the national average. About 11% was cropland and another 4% grassland pasture or range. There is also more urbanized land in the Northeast (12%) than any other region in the U.S.Many parks on a state and national level cover the inland parts of the region. Large parks include the Adirondack Park in northeastern New York, Green Mountain National Forest in Vermont, White Mountain Forest in northern New Hampshire, Baxter State Park in northern Maine, Acadia National Park on the eastern coast of Maine, Allegheny National Forest in northwestern Pennsylvania, and Catskill Park in southern New York. There are also some parks closer to the shore, though these are usually smaller and squeezed in-between urbanized areas. These include the Palisades Park in New Jersey, Fire Island in Long Island, and the Cape Cod shoreline in Massachusetts. The Northeast has 72 National Wildlife Refuges, encompassing more than 500,000 acres (780 sq mi; 2,000 km2) of habitat and designed to protect some of the 92 different threatened and endangered species living in the region.

 Climate 
The climate of the Northeastern United States varies from northernmost state of Maine to its southernmost state in Maryland. The region's climate is influenced by its positional western to eastern flow of weather in the middle latitudes in the United States. Summers are normally warm in northern areas to hot in southern areas. In summer, the building Bermuda High pumps warm and sultry air toward the Northeast, and frequent (but brief) thundershowers are common on hot summer days. 
In winter, the subtropical high retreats southeastward, and the polar jet stream moves south bringing colder air masses from up in Canada and more frequent storm systems to the region. Winter often brings both rain and snow as well as surges of both warm and cold air. In the southern part of the Northeast from coastal Rhode Island southwest to eastern Maryland, the Appalachians partially protect these locations from the extreme cold coming from the west and the interior of North America.The basic climate of the Northeast can be divided into a colder and snowier interior, including western Maryland, most of Pennsylvania, most of North Jersey, Upstate New York, and most of New England, and a milder coastal plain region from Cape Cod and southern Rhode Island southward, including Long Island, Southern Connecticut, New York City, central and southern New Jersey, part of the Pennsylvania portion of the Delaware Valley including Philadelphia, Delaware, and most of Maryland. In the latter region the hardiness zone ranges from 7a to 8a. Annual mean temperatures range from the low-to-mid 50s F from Maryland to southern Connecticut, to the 40s F in most of New York State, New England, and northern Pennsylvania.Most of the Northeast has a humid continental climate (Dfa/Dfb/Dc). The northernmost portion of the humid subtropical zone (Cfa/Do) begins at Martha's Vineyard and extreme SW Rhode Island and extends southwestward down the coastal plain to central and southern Maryland. The oceanic climate zone (Cfb/Do) only exists on Block Island and Nantucket and is the only area of the Northeast where all months average between 0 and 22 °C (32 and 71.6 °F). Cape Cod borders this zone and warm-summer humid continental (Dfb/Dc).

 Demographics 
As of the 2020 U.S. census, the population of the region was 57,609,148, representing 17.38% of the nation's total population. With an average of 345.5 people per square mile, the Northeast is 2.5 times as densely populated as the second-most dense region, the South. Since the last century, the U.S. population has been shifting away from the Northeast and Midwest toward the South and West.The region's racial composition as of 2020 was 64.42% white, 11.51% African American, 0.51% Native American, 7.25% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 8.17% from other races, and 8.10% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 15.27% of the population. There were 22,418,883 households and 14,189,719 families in 2021. Of the 22,418,883 households, 27.7% included children under the age of 18.In 2021, the region's the population's age distribution was 20.5% under age 18, 57.36% from 18 to 62, and 22.1% who were 62 years of age or older. The median age was 40.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.4 males. For every 100 women ages 18 and over, there were 94.3 men.The median income for a household in the region in 2021 was $77,142, and the median income for a family was $97,347. About 11.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.The two U.S. Census Bureau divisions in the Northeast, New England and the Mid-Atlantic, rank second and first respectively among the 9 divisions in population density according to the 2013 population estimate. The South Atlantic region (233.1) was very close behind New England (233.2). Due to the faster growth of the South Atlantic region, it will take over the #2 division rank in population density in the next estimate, dropping New England to 3rd position. New England is projected to retain the number 3 rank for many, many years, as the only other lower-ranked division with even half the population density of New England is the East North Central division (192.1) and this region's population is projected to grow slowly. 
Largest cities in the Northeast
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Economy 
As of 2012, the Northeast U.S. accounts for approximately 23% of the nation's gross domestic product. Due to its vast population and diverse landscapes, the Northeast has a large and robust economy, ranging from financial services in Manhattan, to agriculture in Central Pennsylvania.

 New York City 

As of 2021, the New York metropolitan area is estimated to produce a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of $2.1 trillion US dollars, ranking it first in the U.S. If the New York metropolitan area were a sovereign state, it would have the eighth-largest economy in the world. Manhattan is considered the world's financial center, with many large banks based in Manhattan and some of the largest stock exchanges on Wall Street, like the New York Stock Exchange, it is so prominent that the term "Wall Street" is usually synonymous with finance. Many other companies are based in New York City area, either in Midtown Manhattan, downtown Brooklyn, Long Island City, or the various suburbs, like Stamford or White Plains. Some of the largest companies based in New York City area include, Verizon, J.P. Morgan Chase, Citigroup, MetLife, PepsiCo, IBM, Time Warner, Goldman Sachs, and Pfizer. Several technology companies have been founded in New York, or moved their headquarters to New York from other places.
New York City is the nation's most populated city, and the New York metropolitan area including and surrounding it is the nation's most populated metropolitan region, contributing to a sizable shopping economy, including many large shopping malls and department stores based in the area, such as Macy's on 34th Street, Fifth Avenue, and American Dream in East Rutherford, New Jersey, the Palisades Center in West Nyack, New York, and the SoNo Collection in Norwalk, Connecticut. The Port of New York and New Jersey, one of the nation's largest ports, is located on New York Harbor.

 Philadelphia 

As of 2021, the Philadelphia metropolitan area is estimated to produce a GMP of $479 billion US dollars, making it the 9th largest economy in the United States. Many large companies are based in Philadelphia, the nation's sixth-largest city, including AmerisourceBergen, Comcast, and DuPont. The Philadelphia Mint is also located in the city.

 Boston 
The Boston metropolitan area is a major center for insurance, finance, and technology, serving as the global headquarters for General Electric, Liberty Mutual, and other large companies.

 Other regions 
Rural regions and states, including most of Upstate New York, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine, rely more on agriculture, logging, mining, and tourism to help boost their local and statewide economies. Many national and state parks in the region generate lots of tourism, especially during fall months. The logging industry is especially prominent in Maine, making up a large part of Northern Maine's economy.
Many Northeastern states have very large economies and are highly developed. As of 2022, the per capita gross domestic products for these states are:

New York, US$2.1 trillion, per capita $105,226
Pennsylvania, US$931 billion, per capita $71,825
New Jersey, US$753 billion, per capita $81,307
Massachusetts, US$693 billion, per capita $99,274
Connecticut, US$323 billion, per capita $89,301
New Hampshire, US$106 billion, per capita $76,008
Maine, US$85 billion, per capita $61,491
Rhode Island, US$72 billion per capita $65,879
Vermont, US$41 billion, per capita $63,275The Nuclear Regulatory Commission oversees 34 nuclear reactors, eight for research or testing and 26 for power production in the Northeastern United States.

 Transportation 

 Rail systems 
The Northeast is served by Amtrak trains, with the Northeast Regional and Acela, two of the busiest intercity rail lines running from Washington D.C. in the south to Boston in the north. Other Amtrak Lines that serve the Northeast include the Downeaster, Empire Service, Vermonter, Lake Shore Limited, Pennsylvanian. Light rail, commuter rail, and other subway systems are also available in the region.

 Major stations 
30th Street Station in Philadelphia. Served by all SEPTA Regional Lines, Amtrak, NJ Transit's Atlantic City Line, it is the third-busiest Amtrak station and 11th-busiest train station in North America with over four million passengers in 2019.
Pennsylvania Station in New York City is served by some NJ Transit lines, some Long Island Railroad trains, and Amtrak trains. It is the busiest train station in North America, with over 10 million passengers in 2019, along with 27 million passengers from NJ Transit and 69 million from Long Island Rail in 2017.
Grand Central Terminal in New York City is served by Metro North and some Long Island Rail trains (beginning in January 2023). Grand Central Terminal had over 67 million annual passengers in 2017 and is the second-busiest train station in the nation and third-busiest in North America.
Union Station in New Haven, Connecticut is served by New Haven Line, Hartford Line, and Shoreline East along existing Amtrak train lines. It had 350,000 annual Amtrak passengers in 2017.
South Station in Boston is served by southern MBTA commuter lines and Amtrak, and was the seventh-busiest train station in North America with nearly 29 million passengers as of 2017.
North Station in Boston is served by northern MBTA commuter lines and the Downeaster on Amtrak. It had six million MBTA users in 2012 and 152,000 Amtrak passengers in 2021.

 Airports 
The following table includes all airports categorized by the FAA as large or medium hubs located in the Northeastern states.

 Road 
Many major highways cross the Northeast, connecting it to the rest of the nation.

Many other minor highways exist in the Northeast, connecting cities. Major US Routes which run through the Northeast include US 1, US 2, US 3, US 4, US 5, US 6, US 7, US 9, US 11, US 13, US 15, US 19, US 20, US 22, US 30, US 40, US 44, US 46, US 62, US 130, US 201, US 202, US 206, US 209, US 219, US 220, US 222, US 224, US 302, US 322, US 422, US 522.
The Northeast has the highest amount of tolled roads/bridges in the nation with only two states in the Northeast having no tolls, Connecticut and Vermont. Notable turnpikes include the Pennsylvania Turnpike (I-76/I-276/I-95), New Jersey Turnpike (partially I-95), New York Thruway (I-87/I-90), Massachusetts Turnpike (I-90), Maine Turnpike (I-95), PA Turnpike Northeast Extension (I-476). The northeast also contains many tolled and non-tolled parkways, many of which are in New York City metro. Major parkways include the Garden State Parkway, Taconic State Parkway, Hutchinson River Parkway, Saw Mill River Parkway, Lake Ontario State Parkway, Niagara Scenic Parkway, Belt Parkway, Grand Central Parkway, Northern State Parkway.

 Major crossings 
Delaware Memorial Bridge (I-295, NJ Turnpike) - Crosses the Delaware River between Delaware and New Jersey, the southern most fixed crossing on the river. Eastbound span opened in 1951, westbound span opened in 1968.
Walt Whitman Bridge (I-76) - Crosses the Delaware River, connecting southern Philadelphia to southern New Jersey suburbs. Opened in 1957.
Benjamín Franklin Bridge (I-676) - Connects downtown Philadelphia with Camden, New Jersey and southern New Jersey. Opened in 1926.
Delaware River Turnpike Toll Bridge (I-95, PA Turnpike) - Connects the PA Turnpike to the NJ Turnpike. I-95 was only designated in 2018, formerly was I-276. Opened in 1956.
Driscoll Bridge (Garden State Parkway) - Crosses the Raritan River near its mouth at Raritan Bay. Opened in 1954, the bridge is located within the heart of the state of New Jersey, providing access to the Jersey Shore to the south and North Jersey to the north.
Newark Bay Bridge (I-76, NJ Turnpike) - Crosses Newark Bay, connecting Newark to Jersey City and Bayonne. Opened in 1956.
Bayonne Bridge (NJ 440/NY 440) - Crosses Arthur Kill, connecting Bayonne to Staten Island, New York. Opened in 1931, raised in 2017.
Verrazzano Narrows Bridge (I-278) - Crosses New York Harbor to connect Staten Island to Brooklyn, double decked. Opened in 1964.
Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel (I-478) - Crosses underneath the East River to connect Lower Manhattan to Brooklyn. Opened in 1950.
Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan Bridge, Williamsburg Bridge - The bridges cross the East River to connect Lower Manhattan to Brooklyn. Opened in 1883, 1909, and 1903.
PATH Hudson Tubes - Carries the PATH metro trains underneath the Hudson River to connect Newark, Jersey City, and Hoboken to Lower and Midtown Manhattan. The tubes opened up in 1908/1909.
Holland Tunnel (I-78) - Crosses underneath the Hudson River, connects road traffic from Jersey City and Newark to Lower Manhattan. Opened in 1927.
Queens-Midtown Tunnel (I-495) - Crosses underneath the East River, connecting the Long Island Expressway to Manhattan. Opened in 1940.
North River Tunnels (NJ Transit, Amtrak) Carries the Northeast Corridor underneath the Hudson River, connecting rail traffic from New Jersey to Pennsylvania Station and New England. Opened in 1910.
Lincoln Tunnel (NJ 495) - Crosses underneath the Hudson River to connect New Jersey to Midtown Manhattan. Opened in 1937.
Queensboro Bridge (NY 25) - Connects Midtown Manhattan to Long Island City. Opened in 1909.
Triborough Bridge (I-278) - Crosses the East River and Harlem River, provides road connections to Upper Manhattan, Queens, and the Bronx. Also crosses and connects Randalls Island. Opened in 1936.
Hell Gate Bridge (Amtrak) - Crosses the East River and Bronx Kill, provides a rail connection from Pennsylvania Station to the Bronx and Connecticut. Opened in 1917.
George Washington Bridge (I-95) - Crosses the Hudson River, connecting New York and New England to New Jersey and cross-country I-80. One of the busiest crossings in the United States. Double Decked. Opened in 1931.
Alexander Hamilton Bridge (I-95) - Crosses the Harlem River, connecting Manhattan and the GW Bridge to the Cross Bronx Expressway. Opened in 1963.
Whitestone Bridge (I-678) - Crosses the East River, connecting South Bronx to Queens. Opened in 1939.
Throgs Neck Bridge (I-295) Crosses the East River, connecting the Bronx and New England to the Queens and Long Island, northern most crossing of the East River. (no fixed crossings are in Long Island Sound) Opened in 1961.
Tappan Zee Bridge (I-87, I-287) - Crosses the Hudson River, carrying NY Thruway and suburban traffic from Rockland and Westchester counties. Alternative to GW Bridge. Current span opened in 2017, former span opened in 1955.
Newburgh-Beacon Bridge (I-84) - Crosses the Hudson River, carrying traffic from Pennsylvania and southeastern New York across the river to New England. Opened in 1963.
Q Bridge (I-95) - Crosses the Quinnipiac River, carrying New Haven traffic along with traffic heading to New England or New York. Current span opened in 2012, original span opened in 1958.
Baldwin Bridge (I-95) - Crosses the Connecticut River, carrying cross-state traffic and connecting Old Saybrook to New London. Opened in 1948.
Jamestown/Newport Pell Bridges (RI 138) - Crosses Narraganset Bay, connecting Newport, Rhode Island to the rest of the state. Jamestown Bridge opened in 1992, Newport Pell opened in 1969.
Charter Oak Bridge (CT 15/US 5) - Crosses the Connecticut River, connecting southern Hartford and I-91 northbound to East Hartford and I-84 eastbound. Opened in 1991.
 Bulkeley Bridge (I-84) - Crosses the Connecticut River, connecting Hartford area traffic across the river. The oldest interstate crossing in the US. Opened in 1908.
Ted Williams Tunnel (I-90) - Crosses underneath Boston Harbor. Connects the Mass Pike and I-93 to East Boston and Logan Airport. Opened in 1995/2003.
Zakim Bridge (I-93) - Crosses the Charles River, carrying Boston traffic to the northern Massachusetts and Maine/New Hampshire. Opened in 2003.
Piscataqua River Bridge (I-95) - Crosses the Piscataqua River, carrying traffic from New Hampshire and Massachusetts to Maine. Opened in 1972.
Peace Bridge (QEW/I-190) - Crosses the Niagara River, carrying traffic from Buffalo, New York into Ontario. Opened in 1927.
Rainbow Bridge (NY 384/NY 104) - Crosses the Niagara River, carrying traffic from Niagara Falls, New York into Niagara Falls, Ontario. Opened in 1941.
Lewiston-Queenston Bridge (I-190) Crosses the Niagara River, carrying traffic from Buffalo, New York into Ontario. Opened in 1962.

 History 
The Northeast has been a place for many firsts in transportation in the US, from the first commercial railroad in the US in Milton, Massachusetts (Granite Railway), first rapid transit system (MBTA Green Line), the first limited access road was the Bronx River Parkway, opened in 1922, New York is also where the first urban freeway was built in the late-1930s. (FDR Drive) The northeast would also be home to some of the first major freeway revolts in Greenwich Village, and would see the first major highway teardown (Miller Highway) in the 1970s.Before European settlement, most of the Northeast was loosely connected by Native American trails, some of which would be incorporated into early-European settlement roads and turnpikes. One major early road was the Boston Post Road, connecting New York City and Boston along the Connecticut and Rhode Island coasts. Later these roads would be included in the King's Highway, spanning most of the east coast. Smaller turnpikes would also connect cities across the northeast. These roads would prove essential to moving goods across the English colonies in the 18th century and would later play a large part in the American Revolution.The region would a boom in canals built in the early-19th century, with a major canal being the Erie Canal, opened in 1825, connecting the Great Lakes to the Hudson River and Atlantic Ocean through Western New York. The first railroads would be built in the late-1820s and would explode in mileage in the mid to late 19th century. Places like Philadelphia, New York, Boston, Newark, and Pittsburgh would become large water and rail hubs during the Industrial Revolution and would see tremendous booms in population and use.Many large rivers in the northeast like the Hudson and Delaware would be slowly crossed with bridges starting in the 1800s, with the first fixed crossing of the Hudson River south of Albany being the Poughkeepsie Railroad Bridge, opened in 1889. The Delair Bridge, which would connect Philadelphia with New Jersey was opened six years later in 1896. The first crossing of the Hudson River into New York City would be the series of Hudson River PATH tunnels, being opened in 1908 and 1909. The first major vehicle tunnel would be the Holland Tunnel, opened up in 1927.The start of highway construction would be the Bronx River Parkway and Long Island Motor Parkway, both of which started construction in the early-1900s. The rise of Robert Moses in New York would see the construction of many major road bridges and highways crossing the city and metro area. East River Drive (eventually renamed FDR Drive), was built along the corresponding river in Manhattan. The mid-20th century would see the rise of urban and suburban freeways and the decline of passenger and freight rail, with many lesser used tracks being abandoned or torn up during this time. It would also see the original Pennsylvania Station demolished in Midtown Manhattan during the mid-1960s. The construction of the Cross-Bronx Expressway in New York, Central Artery in Boston, and the Vine Street Expressway in Philadelphia tore up many ethnic and minority neighborhoods in the name of urban renewal. Many other highways were proposed during this era, like the Lower Manhattan Expressway and the Inner Belt in Boston, which were not built due to fierce highway revolts and rising costs. After the major highway revolts and rise of environmental concerns, new highway and interstate projects were mostly cancelled or shortened in the Northeast by the 1990s.
Despite the lack of new major road projects in the Northeast, the region has still continued to grow in population, resulting in the rise of alternative forms of transport like HOV lanes or commuter rails. This has led to the Northeast having one of the highest transit usage percentages in North America, with the Long Island Railroad being the most used commuter rail in the continent. One exception was the Big Dig, a major road project that would tear down the former elevated Central Artery (I-93) and instead tunnel it (and widen). It would also construct a new Charles River bridge and the Ted Williams Tunnel (I-90). This would end up becoming one of the costliest construction projects in the world, costing $21 billion adjusted to 2020 inflation. The former highway's path would become the Rose Kennedy Greenway, a large public park. The Sheridan Expressway (former I-895) was also rebuilt into a boulevard in the late-2010s. Rochester, New York has torn down the Inner Loop due to low traffic and to reunify neighborhoods in downtown and to create developable space.

 Culture 
One geographer, Wilbur Zelinsky, asserts that the Northeast region lacks a unified cultural identity, but has served as a "culture hearth" for the rest of the nation. Several much smaller geographical regions within the Northeast have distinct cultural identities.

 Landmarks 
Almost half of the National Historic Landmarks maintained by the National Park Service are located in the Northeastern United States.

 Religion 
According to a 2009 Gallup poll, the Northeastern states differ from most of the rest of the U.S. in religious affiliation, generally reflecting the descendants of immigration patterns of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, with many Catholics arriving from Ireland, Italy, French Canada - Quebec, Portugal and east-central Europe. Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York and New Jersey are the only states in the nation where Catholics outnumber Protestants and other Christian denominations. More than 20% of respondents in Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont declared no religious identity. Compared to other U.S. regions, the Northeast, along with the Pacific Northwest, has had the lowest regular religious service attendance and the fewest people for whom religion is an important part of their daily lives as of 2015.

 Sports 
The Northeast region is home to numerous professional sports franchises in the "Big Four" leagues (NFL, NBA, NHL and MLB), with more than 100 championships collectively among them.
New York metropolitan area: Giants, Jets (NFL), Yankees, Mets (MLB), Knicks, Nets (NBA), Rangers, Islanders, Devils (NHL)
Philadelphia: Eagles (NFL), Phillies (MLB), 76ers (NBA), Flyers (NHL)
Boston: Patriots (NFL), Red Sox (MLB), Celtics (NBA), Bruins (NHL)
Pittsburgh: Steelers (NFL), Pirates (MLB), Penguins (NHL)
Buffalo: Bills (NFL), Sabres (NHL)Major League Soccer features four Northeastern teams: New England Revolution, New York City FC, New York Red Bulls and Philadelphia Union. The region also has two WNBA teams: Connecticut Sun and New York Liberty.
Notable golf tournaments in the Northeastern United States include The Northern Trust, Travelers Championship, and Atlantic City LPGA Classic. The US Open, held in New York, is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments.
Notable Northeastern motorsports tracks include Watkins Glen International, Pocono Raceway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway and Lime Rock Park, which have hosted Formula One, IndyCar, NASCAR and International Motor Sports Association races. Also, drag strips such as Englishtown, Epping and Reading have hosted NHRA national events. Belmont Park at New York hosts the Belmont Stakes horse races, which is part of the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.
The region has also been noted for the prevalence of the traditionally Northeastern sports of ice hockey and lacrosse.

 Politics 

The Northeastern United States tended to vote Republican in federal elections through the first half of the 20th century, but the region has since the 1990s shifted to become the most Democratic in the nation. Results from a 2008 Gallup poll indicated that eight of the top ten Democratic states were located in the region, with every Northeastern state having a Democratic Party affiliation advantage of at least ten points. The following table demonstrates Democratic support in the Northeast as compared to the remainder of the nation.
The following table of United States presidential election results since 1920 illustrates that over the past seven presidential elections, only three Northeastern states supported a Republican candidate (New Hampshire voted for George W. Bush in 2000; Pennsylvania and Maine's 2nd congressional district voted for Donald Trump in 2016). 2004 is so far the only election in U.S. history in which the winner did not win any northeastern state. Bolded entries indicate that party's candidate also won the general election.

The following table shows the breakdown of party affiliation of governors, attorneys general, state legislative houses and U.S. congressional delegation for the Northeastern states, as of May 2020. (Demographics reflect registration-by-party figures from that state's registered voter statistics.)

 See also 
Atlantic Northeast
Jersey Shore
New England–Acadian forests
Northeast Corridor
Northeast megalopolis
Northeastern coastal forests
Rust Belt

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

The Last of the Mohicans (1911 film)
The Last of the Mohicans is a 1911 silent film adaptation of James Fenimore Cooper's 1826 novel The Last of the Mohicans. Produced by the Thanhouser Company and directed by Theodore Marston, it starred James Cruze in the title role of Uncas, along with Frank Hall Crane and William Garwood.This production followed another screen adaptation of Cooper's novel, a film directed by D.W. Griffith and released by Biograph Studios in 1909 under the title Leather Stocking. In 1911, yet another adaptation of The Last of the Mohicans was produced in New York by Patrick Powers.

 Production 
The production was filmed at Lake George, which is located in northeastern region of the state of New York.

 Distribution 
Distributed by the Motion Picture Distributors and Sales Company, the film - a short film on a reel - was released in U.S. theaters on November 10, 1911.

 Reception 
One listing describes the film as "surprisingly faithful to the original".

 References 

Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
The Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama is a Golden Globe Award that was first awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association as a separate category in 1951. Previously, there was a single award for "Best Actress in a Motion Picture", but the splitting allowed for recognition of it and the Best Actress – Comedy or Musical.
The formal title has varied since its inception. In 2005, it was officially called "Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama". As of 2013, the wording is "Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama".

 Winners and nominees 

 1940s 

 1950s 

 1960s 

 1970s 

 1980s 

 1990s 

 2000s 

 2010s 

 2020s 

 Multiple wins and nominations 

 Firsts 
Anouk Aimée became the first actress to win for a foreign language/non-english language performance in 1967.
Whoopi Goldberg became the first actress of African descent to win in 1986.
Marlee Matlin became the first deaf actress to win in 1987.
Lily Gladstone became the first actress of Native American heritage to win in 2024.

 See also 
Academy Award for Best Actress
Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress
Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead
BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role
Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Comedy or Musical
Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role

 Notes and references 

The Iron Claw (film)
The Iron Claw is a 2023 biographical sports drama film written and directed by Sean Durkin. Based on the life of professional wrestler Kevin Von Erich and the Von Erich family, the film stars Zac Efron, Jeremy Allen White, Harris Dickinson, Maura Tierney, Holt McCallany, and Lily James.
The Iron Claw premiered at the Texas Theatre in Dallas on November 8, 2023. It was released in the United States by A24 on December 22, 2023, and is scheduled to be released by Lionsgate in the United Kingdom on February 9, 2024. The film has grossed $36 million and received positive reviews from critics. It was named one of the top 10 films of 2023 by the National Board of Review.

 Plot 
In 1979, Texas NWA Heavyweight Champion Kevin Von Erich worries that his father, WCCW owner Jack "Fritz" Von Erich, is pushing his youngest brother Mike away from his musical ambitions. Their brother David makes his wrestling debut with Kevin in a tag-team match against Bruiser Brody and Gino Hernandez, where Kevin meets and starts a relationship with a woman named Pam. He tells her about the "Von Erich curse" that killed his oldest brother Jack Jr. as a child, supposedly brought on by Fritz changing his last name from Adkisson to his mother's, whose family had suffered constant tragedy.
Kevin fights world champion Harley Race to put himself in the lead for the championship contender, but he is brutally beaten and only wins when Race attacks the referee and is disqualified. A disappointed Fritz is delighted when David displays a natural talent for showmanship while trashing Race. The 1980 Summer Olympics boycott dashes Von Erich brother Kerry's hopes of competition, so he moves back home. Fritz presses him to fight alongside Kevin and David, while Pam helps the boys sneak Mike out to play a gig against his parents' wishes.
By 1983, the trio defeats the Fabulous Freebirds for the six man tag team championship title, and Fritz volunteers David over Kevin to fight current world champion Ric Flair. Kevin and Pam get married, and he reveals at the wedding to an ill David that he will soon be a father. A week before the match, David, while touring in Japan, dies of enteritis. Both Kevin and Kerry volunteer to fight Flair in his place, and Kerry is chosen by a coin flip, beating Flair and winning the title. Still despondent, he goes out for a motorcycle ride and loses his right foot in an accident.
Kevin begins training Mike, who badly injures his shoulder during a match and goes into a toxic shock-induced coma during surgery. Fearing the curse, Kevin has his newborn son, Ross, legally surnamed Adkisson. Mike narrowly emerges from his coma with noticeable brain damage, but when Fritz presses him to get back in the ring, he takes his own life and Kevin starts to distance himself from Pam and Ross. Despite being grief-stricken, Kevin nonetheless fights Flair for the championship but is disqualified when he ignores the referee and grapples Flair with the signature Von Erich "Iron Claw" move for too long.
Kerry remains the only Von Erich wrestling with his new prosthetic foot, while Fritz has given Kevin the task of running the WCCW as he focuses on life with Pam, Ross, and newest son Marshall. Kerry gives Fritz a new gun for Christmas, but becomes upset when he puts it away instead of firing it, later calling Kevin and telling him that the curse's constant presence has made him consider suicide. He hangs up before Kevin can learn his location. After calling Fritz for help, Kevin arrives at the Von Erich house the next morning just in time to hear Kerry commit suicide with the gun, and he briefly strangles Fritz in a rage. Sitting with his brother's body, Kevin has a vision of his brothers in the afterlife: Kerry leaves behind the coin that decided he would face Flair and reunites with Mike (carrying his guitar), David (wearing the champion belt), and Jack Jr. (appearing as the small boy he was at the time of his death).
Sometime later, Kevin sells the WCCW to Jerry Jarrett. His mother gives up her housewife duties for her hobby of painting, and Pam is pregnant again. Kevin weeps while watching his sons play football, telling them he misses having brothers when they try to comfort him. They promise to be brothers to him, and he gets up and plays with them. 
A textual epilogue reveals that the Von Erichs were inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2009, and Kevin and Pam bought a ranch in Hawaii, where their large family lives to this day.

 Cast 

Zac Efron as Kevin Von Erich
Jeremy Allen White as Kerry Von Erich
Harris Dickinson as David Von Erich
Maura Tierney as Doris Von Erich
Stanley Simons as Mike Von Erich
Holt McCallany as Fritz Von Erich
Lily James as Pam Adkisson
Michael J. Harney as Bill Mercer
Maxwell Jacob Friedman as Lance Von Erich
Brady Pierce as Michael Hayes
Aaron Dean Eisenberg as Ric Flair
Kevin Anton as Harley Race
Cazzey Louis Cereghino as Bruiser Brody
Chavo Guerrero Jr. as Edward "The Sheik" Farhat
Ryan Nemeth as Gino Hernandez
Scott Innes as the Ring Announcer

 Production 

 Development 
Durkin had a long-term aspiration to create a film based on the Von Erich family.  He was a fan of professional wrestling during his youth and he was personally saddened by the string of Von Erich family deaths. In 2015 he began research for the film's initial screenplay.  Chris Von Erich, the youngest member of the family, was not included in the screenplay because, according to Durkin, "it was one more tragedy that the film couldn't really withstand". Chris died by suicide in 1991, a year and a half prior to Kerry Von Erich, and he was the fourth family death (after Jack Jr., David, and Mike).
In June 2022, the film was announced to star Efron and to be produced and distributed by A24. Later, it was also developed by House Productions, with the support of Access Entertainment and BBC Film. In September, White and Dickinson were announced as joining the project to portray the Von Erich brothers, alongside Efron. One month later, McCallany and James were cast, and Juliette Howell, Angus Lamont, Maura Tierney, Tessa Ross, Derrin Schlesinger, and Harrison Huffman were confirmed as producers. In November, Friedman was cast and was later credited as an executive producer.

 Filming 
Principal photography began in Baton Rouge, in October 2022, and it lasted six weeks. Instead of filming the wrestling scenes in multiple edited sequences, however, the cast performed full-length, one-take wrestling matches, in front of a live audience, which was held in a furniture store that was converted to appear as the Dallas Sportatorium. Chavo Guerrero, who portrays The Sheik, also acted as the film's primary wrestling consultant. Guerrero also spoke to the cast about premature deaths in professional wrestling, including that of his uncle, Eddie Guerrero.The film received special dispensation from SAG-AFTRA, to continue production and promotion during the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike, subject to the acceptance of certain conditions and stemming from A24's positive relationship with the union.

 Music 

Richard Reed Parry of Arcade Fire composed the film's score. Parry and his wife, Laurel Sprengelmeyer, also wrote an original song for the film, "Live That Way Forever".Additionally, the film features songs such as "(Don't Fear) The Reaper" by Blue Öyster Cult, "Thank God I'm a Country Boy" by John Denver, and "Tom Sawyer" by Rush. "Tom Sawyer", which served as Kerry Von Erich's entrance music from 1981 to 1983, was also featured in the marketing for the film.

 Release 
The Iron Claw premiered at the Texas Theatre in Dallas on November 8, 2023, hours after the end of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike; and it was attended by Kevin Von Erich, making a public appearance in Dallas for the first time in over 20 years, alongside Bill Mercer, Marshall, Ross Von Erich, and Trish Stratus. The film was released, in the United States, on December 22 by A24, and it is expected to premiere in the United Kingdom, by Lionsgate, on February 9, 2024.

 Reception 

 Box office 
In the United States and Canada, The Iron Claw was released alongside Migration, Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom, and Anyone but You, and was projected to gross around $6 million from 2,774 theaters in its four-day opening weekend. The film made $2.5 million on its first day, including $640,000 from Thursday night previews. It went on to debut to $4.9 million, finishing sixth at the box office. In its second weekend the film made $4.6 million, finishing seventh at the box office. The following weekend it made $4.5 million, a drop of just 3% and finishing eighth.

 Critical response 
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 89% of 218 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 7.7/10. The website's consensus reads: "Powerfully acted and profoundly sad, The Iron Claw honors its fact-based story with a dramatization whose compassionate exploration of family ties is just as hard-hitting as its action in the wrestling ring." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 73 out of 100, based on 46 critics, indicating "generally favorable" reviews. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale, the best ever for an A24 title, while PostTrak reported 91% of filmgoers gave it positive score, with 72% saying they would definitely recommend the film.The New Yorker's Richard Brody wrote The Iron Claw "is as exuberant as it is mournful, and the high spirits of performance and achievement are inseparable from the price that they exact". Adam Nayman of The Ringer called it "a sports movie with genuine existential heft", and The Atlantic's David Sims commented "it is the kind of big, weepy, macho film that just doesn’t get made much anymore, a soaring power ballad that should prompt a lot of loud sniffling in the theater." David Fear of Rolling Stone noted the film establishes from the outset that "the physical violence in the ring will be nothing compared to the psychological carnage happening outside of it".The cast received widespread praise. David Fear of Rolling Stone wrote of Efron's performance: "The lost, needy look in his eyes, especially when he's around his father, makes him seem like a frightened lad playing adult dress-up…Efron gets at what drove Kevin: discipline, love, and fear. He anchors the movie". Of White, Fear added, "The Bear has already sold many folks on the fact White is not only a hell of an actor, but can do a lot with silences, pauses, those peepers, and a kind of simmering soulfulness. This movie should convince whatever few naysayers are left that he’s the real deal."David Sims commented, "To wrestling nerds, the Von Erichs have a titanic legacy, and Durkin does his best to represent that by exploring the sport's crunchy, amateurish pre-corporate age, when regional live events were the big moneymakers and television was largely ignored." Writing for RogerEbert.com, Christy Lemire said "the sequence in which the Von Erichs discover the song that would become their anthem—the iconic 'Tom Sawyer'—is a montage that moves with a verve that’s reminiscent of Scorsese's muscularity".David Fear noted "there are times when the movie comes close to being an outright feel-bad sports movie". Several critics discussed the film's tendency to focus on the tragic, and expressed that character detail and depth are unfortunately sacrificed in favor of covering more narrative ground. Allison Willmore of Vulture wrote, "In streamlining their story to emphasize the tragedies that accrue as time goes on, the film risks reducing its characters into martyrs who suffer and die on behalf of toxic masculinity." The New York Times' Manohla Dargis opined: "The iron claw of corrosive patriarchy, as it were, and of emotional repression and misplaced ambition proves more than [Durkin] wants to grapple with." Richard Lawson of Vanity Fair said, "When the bad stuff does start happening—and then happens, again and again—it’s hard to grasp the central why of it all. Why is this family so doomed, so pained, so self-destructive and unhappy?"Writing for Texas Monthly, Sean O'Neal said, "The film sparks most in those early scenes set against the nostalgic neon glow of the eighties Dallas skyline, when the Von Erichs—and the city that surrounded them—seemed invincible and electric. Selfishly, I found myself wishing it could have lingered there a bit longer, before that golden myth gave way to gray and murky reality." Adam Nayman concluded, "It may be that by finally torquing a story about unimaginable loss into that of a mind who finds himself, The Iron Claw errs on the side of uplift. But as acted by Efron, the catharsis feels earned—the euphoric feeling of having broken out of a deathlock, even if only momentarily."

 Reaction within professional wrestling 
In October 2023, Marshall Von Erich, Kevin's son, praised Guerrero's role as a wrestling consultant, highlighting the accuracy of the film's wrestling sequences and complimented Efron's performance. Kevin Von Erich also positively highlighted Guerrero's contributions, stating, "He did a great job, pushing [the cast] and getting them ready. It is a lot more difficult than it looks, and they did so well." Von Erich met Efron and endorsed both his portrayal and the overall film, which Efron later stated was "the most important review". Von Erich stated that his niece Hollie, Kerry's daughter, was moved when she saw McCallany, who plays her late grandfather Fritz, on set, but believed the film inaccurately portrays Fritz as coming off "pretty rank".Wrestling journalist Dave Meltzer, who lived and worked in Texas during the events of the film, lauded the performances of the film's cast but noted the film's plot contained several historical inaccuracies and depicted many events in an incorrect chronology. Meltzer also opined that the film struggled to correctly depict the Von Erich's mass popularity at their height. Additionally, Meltzer noted that some members of the professional wrestling community heavily criticized the exclusion of Chris Von Erich from the film, but agreed that the inclusion of Chris would have prolonged the length of the film greatly. Meltzer panned Aaron Dean Eisenberg's imitation of Ric Flair, suggesting that it was the weakest aspect of the film.

 Accolades 

 See also 
The Wrestler – Sports drama centered around professional wrestling.
Fighting with My Family – Comedy-drama based on the early life and career of professional wrestler Saraya Bevis.

 References 

 External links 
The Iron Claw at A24
The Iron Claw at IMDb

List of Indian National Developmental Inclusive Alliance candidates for the 2024 Indian general election
The following is the list of candidates of Indian National Developmental Inclusive Alliance for the 2024 Indian General Elections. The following is the seat sharing summary for Indian National Developmental Inclusive Alliance's candidates in 2024 Indian general election.

 Seat sharing summary 
Source :

 Andaman and Nicobar Islands 
  TBD (1)

 Andhra Pradesh 
  TBD (25)

 Arunachal Pradesh 
  INC (2)

 Assam 
  TBD (13)
  CPI(M) (1)

 Bihar 
  RJD (TBD)
  INC (TBD)
  CPI(ML)L (TBD)
  CPI(M) (TBD)

 Chandigarh 
  TBD (1)

 Chhattisgarh 
  TBD (11)

 Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu 
  TBD (2)

 Goa 
  TBD (2)

 Gujarat 
  TBD (26)

 Haryana 
  TBD (10)

 Himachal Pradesh 
  TBD (4)

 Jammu and Kashmir 
  TBD (5)

 Jharkhand 
  JMM (TBD)
  INC (TBD)
  RJD (TBD)
  CPI(M) (1)

 Karnataka 
  TBD (28)

 Kerala 
The ruling LDF and the opposition UDF won't be contesting as an alliance in Kerala.  CPI(M) (TBD)
  INC (TBD)
  CPI (TBD)
  IUML (TBD)
  RSP (TBD)
  KC(M) (TBD)

 Ladakh 
  TBD (1)

 Lakshadweep 
  TBD (1)

 Madhya Pradesh 
  TBD (29)

 Maharashtra 
  INC (TBD)
  NCP (TBD)
  SS(UBT) (TBD)
  VBA (TBD)
  CPI(M) (TBD)
  PWPI (TBD)

 Manipur 
  CPI (1)
  TBD (2)

 Meghalaya 
  TBD (2)

 Mizoram 
  TBD (1)

 Nagaland 
  TBD (1)

 NCT of Delhi 
  INC (TBD)
  AAP (TBD)

 Odisha 
  TBD (21)

 Puducherry 
  TBD (1)

 Punjab 
The ruling AAP and the opposition INC won't be contesting as an alliance in Punjab.

 Rajasthan 
  TBD (25)

 Sikkim 
  TBD (1)

 Tamil Nadu 
  DMK (TBD)
  INC (TBD)
  CPI(M) (TBD)
  CPI (TBD)
  VCK (TBD)
  MDMK (TBD)
  KMDK (TBD)
  IUML (TBD)
  MNMK (TBD)

 Telangana 
  TBD (17)

 Tripura 
  CPI(M) (TBD)
  INC (TBD)

 Uttar Pradesh 
  SP (58)
  INC (11)
  RLD (9)
  AD(K) (1)
  ASP (1)

 Uttarakhand 
  TBD (5)

 West Bengal 
The ruling AITC and the opposition Sanjukta Morcha won't be contesting as an alliance in West Bengal.
  AITC (42)
  CPI(M) (TBD)
  INC (8)
  RSP (TBD)
  AIFB (TBD)
  CPI (TBD)
  ISF (1)

 References 

J. K. Scott
John Kimball Scott III (born October 30, 1995) is an American football punter for the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Alabama, and was selected by the Green Bay Packers in the fifth round of the 2018 NFL Draft. He has also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars.

 Early years 
Scott attended and played high school football at Mullen High School in Denver. He received offers from Arizona, Colorado, and Notre Dame but ultimately accepted Alabama's offer.
Scott converted 13 of 25 field goals with a long of 59 yards and made 69 of 71 point-after attempts during his high school career. He also had 4,758 kickoff yards.

 College career 
Scott attended the University of Alabama, where he played on the Alabama Crimson Tide football team under head coach Nick Saban from 2014 to 2017. He was a consensus first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection in 2014 and was chosen as an All-American by Sporting News, Sports Illustrated, ESPN, and USA Today. He was also named first-team All-SEC for his performances in the 2016 season, and was part of the 2016 and 2018 Alabama Crimson Tide national championship teams.

 College statistics 

 Professional career 

 Green Bay Packers 
Scott was selected by the Green Bay Packers with the 172nd overall pick in the fifth round of the 2018 NFL Draft. He was the second of four punters to be selected that year. On May 4, 2018, he signed a contract with the Packers. He made his NFL debut in the Packers' season opener against the Chicago Bears. He had four punts for 192 yards in the 24–23 victory. Overall, in his rookie season, Scott punted 71 times for 3,176 yards for a 44.73 average. In addition, Scott had one kickoff attempt for 61 yards. In the 2019 season, Scott finished with 	77 punts for 3,386 net yards for a 43.97 average.On August 31, 2021, Packers released Scott as part of their final roster cuts, after they traded for punter Corey Bojorquez.

 Jacksonville Jaguars 
On December 31, 2021, Scott was signed to the Jacksonville Jaguars active roster.

 Los Angeles Chargers 
On March 21, 2022, Scott was signed by the Los Angeles Chargers. In Week 12, Scott punted six times, four inside the 20-yard line with a long of 48 in a 25-24 win over the Cardinals, earning AFC Special Teams Player of the Week.In Week 13 of the 2023 season, Scott punted eight times, with seven inside the 20-yard line, in a 6-0 win over the New England Patriots, earning AFC Special Teams Player of the Week.

 NFL career statistics 

 Regular season 

 Postseason 

 Personal life 
Scott is married to Sydney Scott. They married in January 2018, and have a son who was born in November 2018.

 References 

 External links 

JK Scott at Pro-Football-Reference.com
Alabama Crimson Tide bio

Happy Hour (King Missile album)
Happy Hour is the fifth studio album by experimental music band King Missile, and released on December 15, 1992, by Atlantic Records. The album is exactly one hour long, hence its title.

 Reception 
Ned Raggett of AllMusic wrote that "due in part to the return of Kramer to production – or in this case co-production – duties, along with a slew of more immediately memorable songs, Happy Hour trumps The Way to Salvation as the peak of the band's high-profile days, an inspired collection of tunes ranging from deranged pop to full-on epic metal stomp." The critic also said "thanks to a catchy arrangement via Rick's clipped, stuttered guitar riff and the sweetly sung title phrase in the background, the result is giddy left-field nonsense." and "it's the blessed liveliness of the whole album – at a premium in the days of full-on grunge when it came out, still rare enough years later – that makes it stand up so well." Trouser Press said "Hall's surreal accounts have the vivid sense of purpose previously absent; he’s not aiming at eliciting wan smiles, he’s trying to provoke intelligent thought" and "meanwhile, the band (drummer Roger Murdock is that new face in the booklet photo) locks into diverse rock grooves that would be worth hearing even without the vocals."  Robert Christgau chose the band's hit single "Detachable Penis" as the album's "choice cut".

 Track listing 

 Personnel 
Adapted from the Happy Hour liner notes.King Missile

John S. Hall – lead vocals, production
Dave Rick – guitar, production
Roger Murdock – drums, percussion, keyboards, Emulator, production, guitar (17)
Chris Xefos – bass guitar, keyboards, percussion, backing vocals, productionAdditional performers

Mal Rick – clarinet (17)Production and design

Annalisa – photography
Tom Bouman – design
Jola Hesselberth – cover art
Ron Jaramillo – design
Mark Kramer – production, Mellotron (9), bass guitar (17)
Inge Schaap – art direction
Steve Watson – production, assistant engineering

 Charts 

 Release history 

 References 

 External links 
Happy Hour at Discogs (list of releases)

Tornadoes of 2024
This page documents notable tornadoes and tornado outbreaks worldwide in 2024. Strong and destructive tornadoes form most frequently in the United States, Argentina, Brazil, Bangladesh and Eastern India but can occur almost anywhere under the right conditions. Tornadoes also develop occasionally in southern Canada during summer in the Northern Hemisphere and somewhat regularly at other times of the year across Europe, Asia, Argentina, Australia and New Zealand. Tornadic events are often accompanied by other forms of severe weather, including thunderstorms, tropical cyclones, strong winds and hail.
So far, 56 tornadoes have been confirmed in 2024. Worldwide, three tornado-related deaths have been confirmed: two in the United States and one in Indonesia.

 Europe 
According to the European Severe Storms Laboratory, there have been 16 confirmed reports of tornadoes in Europe in 2024.

 January 3 (Belgium) 
A tornado struck the communities of Onze-Lieve-Vrouw-Waver and Putte in Belgium. Approximately 40 homes were damaged, and a mobile home was blown over. One person and several horses were injured. The European Severe Storms Laboratory rated the tornado IF1.5.

 January 6–7 (Greece and Turkey) 
A small outbreak of several tornadoes hit Greece and Turkey from the evening of January 6 to the morning of January 7. An IF1.5 tornado hit Pyrgos, Greece on the evening of January 6. Many maple trees were downed, a truck was overturned, power lines were downed, and several houses sustained roof damage. On the morning of January 7, an IF1.5 tornado hit Amorio, damaging at least 13 houses and downing numerous trees. Two tornadoes were reported in Sarıcaali and Suluca, Turkey. Several roofs were damaged or destroyed, trees and power lines were downed and vehicles were damaged by roof tiles. Another IF1 tornado hit Küçükbahçe, Turkey. Several buildings sustained moderate roof damage, trees were downed, and caravans were overturned. A water tanker was thrown 30 meters.

 North America 
There have been 40 confirmed tornadoes in the United States.

 United States tornadoes by month 

 January 8–9 (United States) 

During the evening of January 8 through January 9, a severe weather outbreak brought damaging winds and numerous tornadoes to the Southeastern and Eastern United States. On January 7, the Storm Prediction Center issued an Enhanced risk for severe weather in the states of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, including a 10% hatched risk for tornadoes. On January 8, the Enhanced risk was extended west into eastern Texas. A few weak tornadoes occurred in Louisiana and Mississippi on January 8, all being rated either EF0 or EF1. The first significant and strongest tornado of the day developed as a mesocyclonic waterspout offshore of Panama City Beach, Florida. The waterspout moved onshore into the Lower Grand Lagoon community and immediately produced low-end EF3 damage to a beach home, sliding it off its piers and collapsing it. The tornado moved northeast where several structures sustained EF2 damage, including apartment buildings. It then struck the Pirate's Cove Marina facility at low-end EF3 intensity. The tornado weakened heavily and continued northeast, eventually crossing St. Andrews Bay and making landfall in western Panama City. It briefly produced high-end EF1 damage to a few structures before dissipating. Peak wind speeds were estimated at 140 mph (230 km/h). The supercell cycled and produced a high-end EF2 tornado in Lynn Haven, Florida. The tornado crossed Deer Point Lake and moved into the Bay Head subdivision, where a manufactured home was obliterated and numerous framed homes sustained EF2 damage. One brick home sustained major roof loss and one corner of the house collapsed. Peak wind speeds were estimated at 130 mph (210 km/h). The supercell cycled again and produced an EF1 tornado northeast of Fountain.The last tornado from this storm resulted in another EF2 tornado touching down southeast of Marianna. The tornado struck an RV park at EF2 intensity, where seven injuries occurred. The tornado continued northeast and struck a brick home, unroofing most of the residence and collapsing half of its walls. Peak wind speeds were estimated at 125 mph (201 km/h). The longest-tracked and widest tornado of the outbreak touched down southwest of Graceville. It snapped and uprooted trees and damaged a manufactured home. The tornado then crossed into Alabama where it produced a long stretch of snapped or uprooted trees. The tornado moved northeast and struck Cottonwood, Alabama, where it unroofed one home. A CMU church building was completely leveled. It continued northeast where it then crossed September Road, destroying a manufactured home at high-end EF2 intensity, killing the lone occupant. Peak wind speeds were estimated at 130 mph (210 km/h). During the early afternoon, a few EF1 tornadoes touched down in Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina, including a high-end EF1 tornado near Catawba, North Carolina that completely destroyed a manufactured home, resulting in a fatality. The final significant tornado of the day was a brief, but strong, EF2 tornado that struck Bamberg, South Carolina. It collapsed exterior walls at a barrel factory before moving into downtown Bamberg, where a three-story building was completely destroyed. Peak wind speeds were estimated at 125 mph (201 km/h). A few weaker tornadoes occurred in North Carolina and Florida before the outbreak came to an end. In all, 34 tornadoes were confirmed, alongside two fatalities. Two fatalities unrelated to tornadoes occurred during the event as well, one in Georgia and the other in Alabama. The system responsible for this tornado outbreak also produced heavy snow and blizzard conditions in parts of the Pacific Northwest, the Midwest, and the Northeastern United States.

 February 4 (United States) 
A small severe weather event occurred in the states of Florida and Georgia, where a few tornadoes occurred. Earlier in the afternoon, a strong tornado touched down in eastern Valdosta, Georgia, completely destroying two manufactured homes. Two people were injured, and a rating of EF2 was applied to the tornado, with wind speeds up to 120 mph (190 km/h). A few other tornadoes also occurred in Georgia later on. In the evening, two tornadoes struck western Jacksonville, Florida, the first tornado being rated EF1 and the second tornado being rated EF0, both causing minor damage to trees and homes. A total of three tornadoes have been confirmed.

 Asia 

 January 9 (Indonesia) 
A tornado damaged or destroyed 57 houses in three villages within the Langke Rembong District.

 January 18 (Indonesia) 
A tornado damaged or destroyed 253 homes in the villages of Walidono and Cangkring, causing 19 injuries.

 February 4 (Indonesia) 
A significant tornado damaged or destroyed numerous buildings in the village of Tanggunan, Prambon District, Indonesia. One person was killed by flying debris, when the zinc shop he was in was  completely destroyed by the tornado.

 Elsewhere 
No tornadoes have been confirmed outside of Europe, North America, and Asia in 2024.

 See also 

Weather of 2024
Tornado
Tornadoes by year
Tornado records
Tornado climatology
Tornado myths
List of tornado outbreaks
List of F5 and EF5 tornadoes
List of F4 and EF4 tornadoes
List of F4 and EF4 tornadoes (2020–present)
List of North American tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of 21st-century Canadian tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of European tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of tornadoes and tornado outbreaks in Asia
List of Southern Hemisphere tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of tornadoes striking downtown areas of large cities
List of tornadoes with confirmed satellite tornadoes
Tornado intensity
Fujita scale
Enhanced Fujita scale
International Fujita scale
List of tornadoes rated on the International Fujita scale
TORRO scale

 References 

Bangladesh Kalyan Party
The Bangladesh Kalyan Party (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ কল্যাণ পার্টি, lit. 'Bangladesh Welfare Party') is a registered political party of Bangladesh founded by General Syed Muhammad Ibrahim Bir Pratik. He is currently serving as the chairman and former Secretary General of Chittagong University Branch Chhatra Shibir and former Assistant Member Secretary of AB Party Abdul Awal Mamun is serving as Secretary General of the party.

 History 
During the 2006–2008 Bangladeshi political crisis, Syed Muhammad Ibrahim founded a new political party named Bangladesh Kalyan Party in December 2007. In 2008, the party joined Jatiya Oikya Front (National United Front) led by Kamal Hossain. Syed Muhammad Ibrahim was re-elected as party chairman on 5 December 2015. The party was a member of the 20 Party Alliance led by the Bangladesh Nationalist Party. In 2023, Juktofront made its debut as a new alliance under the leadership of Bangladesh Kalyan Party. The alliance includes Bangladesh Jatiya Party, Bangladesh Muslim League (BML) and Bangladesh Kalyan Party.

 2024 general election 
Kalyan Party decided to contest in the 2024 Bangladeshi general election. They came out of the 20 Party Alliance to participate in the election and made a new coalition
named Juktofront with 3 political parties. This new coalition was formed to protest against the government. The coalition contested in 38 seats where Kalyan Party contested in 20 seats. Kalyan Party won 1 seat in the election in Cox's Bazar-1 where the party chairman Syed Muhammad Ibrahim elected as member of 12th Jatiya Sangsad by defeating the incumbent member Jafar Alam.

 References 

Payment for order flow
Payment for order flow (PFOF) is the compensation that a stockbroker receives from a market maker in exchange for the broker routing its clients' trades to that market maker. It is a controversial practice that has been called a "kickback" by its critics. Policymakers supportive of PFOF and several people in finance who have a favorable view of the practice have defended it for helping develop new investment apps, low-cost trading, and more efficient execution.In general, market makers like Citadel LLC, Virtu Financial, and Susquehanna International Group are willing to pay brokers for the right to fulfill small retail orders. The market maker profits from the bid-ask spread and rebates a portion of this profit to the routing broker as PFOF. Another fraction of a penny per share may be routed back to the consumer as price improvement. Brokers in the United States that accept payment for order flow include Robinhood, E-Trade, Ally Invest, Webull, TradeStation, Charles Schwab Corporation, and TD Ameritrade, while brokers that do not receive payment for order flow include Interactive Brokers (pro accounts that are charged commissions), Merrill Edge, Fidelity Investments, Vanguard, and Public.com.In the United States, accepting PFOF is allowed only if no other exchange is quoting a better price on the National Market System. The broker must disclose to the client that it accepts PFOF. Transactions must be executed at the best execution, which could mean the best price available or the speediest execution available.In Canada, PFOF is not allowed on Canadian listed securities, so Canadian brokers charge commissions, however, according to the current Canadian securities regulations, brokers can accept PFOF on non-Canadian listed securities. It is also banned in the United Kingdom. According to Euronext, European authorities have regulated payment for order flow, and the practice is allowed in a number of national jurisdictions across Europe.

 History 
PFOF dates back to at least 1984 as noted in the 1993 remarks of Richard Y. Roberts, Commissioner, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), entitled "Payment for Order Flow" in regards to a letter from Richard G. Ketchum, Director, Division of Market Regulation, SEC, to John E. Pinto, senior Vice President, NASD, dated October 5, 1984: "When the Commission first became aware of payment for order flow practices in the OTC market in late 1984, the Division of Market Regulation ('Division') wrote to the National Association of Securities Dealers ('NASD') to express its concerns and to request that the NASD 'consider possible measures to address any problems observed in this area.' In the ensuing years, the Commission has requested information from the NASD and the exchanges to determine the extent of payment for order flow practices.
PFOF was endorsed by Bernie Madoff, a market maker who pioneered computer-driven order fulfillment. In a 2000 interview, he described it as a way for market makers to outsource the task of finding orders to fulfill.

"No one tells a firm how they can advertise. If I want to hire salesmen to generate order flow, no one is going to object. I don’t have them. So if I want to use Fidelity's salesmen and pay part of my trading profits in the form of a rebate, why shouldn’t I be allowed to do it? It was characterized as this bribe and kickback and something sinister, which was very easy to do. But if your girlfriend goes to buy stockings at a supermarket, the racks that display those stockings are usually paid for by the company that manufactured the stockings. Order flow is an issue that attracted a lot of attention but is grossly overrated."    -Bernie Madoff
Although controversial in its own right, PFOF was not involved in Madoff's notorious Ponzi scheme, in which no stock trades were executed.
In 2014 broker-dealer Robinhood Markets introduced no-commission retail stock trades funded by payment for order flow. Other retail brokerages followed, and in 2020, PFOF received by TD Ameritrade, Charles Schwab Corporation, E-Trade, and Robinhood totaled $2.5 billion. A 2014 investigation by the United States Senate Homeland Security Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, led by Carl Levin, conducted hearings focused on the conflicts of interest inherent in PFOF. At the hearings, an executive for TD Ameritrade said that it routes orders to wherever it can get the highest payment.In January 2021, after the GameStop short squeeze, officials again questioned whether retail traders were getting the best possible prices on their orders. Rather than direct payment through shares, brokers sold their orders en masse to market makers that executed the trades, paving the way for short squeeze crashes and meme stock frenzies. Certain platforms, such as Public.com, announced that they would abandon (PFOF) and add Safety Labels to stocks rather than halt trading.In January 2023, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission proposed new rules intended to increase competition for orders, which could affect payments for order flow. A public comment period runs through March 31, 2023.

 Disclosure 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rule 606(a) require all brokerage firms to make publicly available quarterly reports describing their order routing practices. This report is used to disclose the practices of "payment for order flow". The report provides transparency in this area, allowing investors to understand how their orders are routed and executed, and to identify any potential conflicts of interest. Broker-dealers must disclose the nature of any compensation received in return for routing orders, as well as the overall process they use for order routing decisions. By mandating this disclosure, the reports mandated by 606(a) aim to enhance the integrity of the market and protect investor interests.
The genesis of Rule 606(a) can be traced back to the rapid advancements in electronic trading and the proliferation of alternative trading systems in the late 20th and early 21st centuries. These developments led to increased complexity in how orders were routed and executed, raising concerns about transparency and fairness. 
In response, the SEC introduced Rule 606 (formerly Rule 11Ac1-6) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, aiming to address these concerns. The rule has undergone several amendments to keep pace with the evolving market structure, technological advancements, and trading practices.
One of the significant updates to this rule was in 2018, where the SEC adopted amendments to enhance the transparency of order handling practices. These amendments expanded the scope of the original rule, leading to what is currently known as Rule 606(a).

 Analysis 

 Conflicts of interest 
Payment for order flow has been described as a conflict of interest. PFOF can cause executable orders not to get executed as they are routed to market makers that pay the highest amount. Retail traders generally have less information than institutions (adverse selection).

 Lower commissions and fees, price improvement 
Since retail orders have a lower chance of adverse selection for the market maker, they are more profitable for the market maker. These savings are passed on in part to the broker as PFOF, but also to the retail customer as price improvement: market makers often fill retail orders at a better price than the best price available on public exchanges. The additional revenue for brokers allows them to charge minimal or no commissions. PFOF was a key factor in elimination of most brokerage commissions in the United States.

 Increase in market liquidity and competition 
Several favorable views about PFOF have claimed that PFOF increases market liquidity and thus reduces the bid–ask spread. Bernard Madoff, an automated stock trading pioneer and later convicted fraudster, was a staunch supporter of PFOF and claimed that by routing orders away from the New York Stock Exchange, PFOF increased competition.

 Academic research 
Research published in August 2022 by Christopher Schwarz of the University of California at Irvine, Brad Barber of the University of California, Davis and Terence Odean of the University of California, Berkeley argued that this practice does not appear to affect price execution in a detrimental way for the retail customer. According to the study, the market makers give better pricing on a particular stock than the figures quoted on stock exchanges and by doing so retail traders get slightly more per share when selling, and pay slightly less when buying.

 References 

 External links 
Beyoud, Lydia; Doherty, Katherine (22 September 2022). "SEC Set to Let Wall Street Keep Payment-for-Order-Flow Deals". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 September 2022.

Pierre Philibert de Blancheton
Pierre Philibert de Blancheton (9 October 1697 – 6 March 1756) was a French politician and music patron and collector. From 1724 until his death 30 years later he was a member of the Parliament of Metz.Well known for his passion as a music collector, Blancheton is particularly remembered for his patronage of the Fonds Blancheton (c.1741); one of the biggest and most important collections of early 18th century instrumental music in existence. The collection contains a total of 300 works by 104 composers; most of whom were Italian composers of the early 18th century. Of particular importance in the collection are 25 symphonies by Antonio Brioschi and several early symphonies by Giovanni Battista Sammartini. Also included in the collection are overtures, sonatas, trios, and a large number of violin concertos by composers like Domenico Alberti, Giuseppe Ferdinando Brivio, Angelo Maria Scaccia, Giovanni Battista Somis, and Carlo Zuccari among others.

 References 

Matisyahu Salomon
Matisyahu Chaim Salomon (November 28, 1937 – January 2, 2024) was an English-born American rabbi, author and public speaker. He served as the mashgiach ruchani (spiritual supervisor) of Beth Medrash Govoha, one of the world's largest yeshivas, located in Lakewood, New Jersey, United States. An opponent of unrestrained internet access in the Orthodox Jewish community, he spearheaded a campaign to have internet filters installed on all computers and smartphones.

 Early life and education 
Matisyahu Chaim Salomon was born in London, England to Yaakov and Ettel. After receiving his primary education in London, he moved with his family to Gateshead in the early 1940s, where he studied in a yeshiva and kollel. His study partner for 16 years was Chaim Kaufman, who went on to found the Gateshead Yeshiva L'Zeirim. Salomon studied under Elyah Lopian, the former rosh yeshiva of Etz Chaim Yeshiva for less than a year. He considered Lopian to be his main rebbe (mentor). Lopian, who had studied under Simcha Zissel Ziv, sparked in Salomon a life-long interest in following the Kelm Talmud Torah mussar school of philosophy.

 Career 
Salomon started out as assistant mashgiach ruchani (spiritual supervisor) in the Gateshead Yeshiva, working under Moshe Schwab. He later took over as the senior mashgiach at Gateshead, a position Salomon would hold for almost 30 years. In the fall of 1997, he was invited by Nosson Meir Wachtfogel to come to the United States in order to assume the position of mashgiach ruchani of Beth Medrash Govoha, one of the world's largest yeshivas located in Lakewood, New Jersey. Salomon was succeeded at Gateshead by Mordechai Yosef Karnowsky. Around this time, Salomon began to take a leadership position in the Vaad L'Hatzolas Nidchei Yisroel, an advocacy organization seeing to the spiritual needs of Jews in Russia, Georgia and Azerbaijan.Salomon was a lecturer on topics relating to Jewish religious growth and communal issues in the yeshiva world. On May 3, 2009, Salomon comforted the mourners of a 9-year-old boy who was struck and killed by an errant baseball, reminding them that the boy had already achieved the afterlife, and we "are not here for this world". One week later, Salomon gave the keynote address at the 46th annual Agudath Israel of America National Siyum Mishnayos, which honored students' achievements in the study of Mishnah. On September 15, 2009, he was one of the main speakers at a hachnosath Sefer Torah (inauguration of a Torah scroll) ceremony in Lakewood which was attended by over 6,000 people.While Salomon preferred that cases pertaining to sexual abuse in the Orthodox community be handled by a beth din (rabbinical court) rather than the secular justice system—in order to "protect human dignity" and because "we are guided by the Torah"—he closed down the beth din in 2009 due to pressure from child advocates, victims' relatives and mental health professionals. Salomon was not opposed to whistleblowing blogs focused on the Orthodox community, so long as the bloggers avoided the use of profanity and sarcasm. But he was opposed to unfettered internet access, due to the perceived risk of harm to the mores of the Orthodox Jewish community. Instead, he advocated for the installation of internet filters on all computers and smartphones. In May 2012 he organized, together with the Skulener Rebbe, a mass gathering of over 60,000 people at both Citi Field and the adjacent Arthur Ashe Stadium in Queens, New York in order to bring attention to the dangers of using the internet. For similar reasons, Salomon discouraged the adoption of kosher versions of forbidden foods such as cheeseburgers, pork and shellfish. In 2015 he signed a letter, along with Shmuel Kamenetsky and Malkiel Kotler, imploring school principals to admit unvaccinated children into the classroom.

 Personal life and death 
Salomon was married to Miriam, a descendant of Jacob Joshua Falk, from 1960 until her death in 2016. He died in Lakewood on January 2, 2024, at age 86, and was buried in Jerusalem's Har HaMenuchot cemetery.

 Works 
A number of books have been published in Hebrew based on Salomon's public shmuesin (mussar discourses) and shiurim (lectures) under the title Matnas Chaim:
Salomon, Matisyahu (1994). מתנת חיים - קונטרס לחג השבועות [Chaim's Offering – Shavuot Edition] (in Hebrew) (1st ed.). מוציא לאור לא ידוע. Retrieved January 10, 2024.
Salomon, Matisyahu (2001). מתנת חיים [Chaim's Offering] (in Hebrew) (1st ed.). Z. Gotlib. p. 46. Retrieved January 10, 2024.
Salomon, Matisyahu; Reinman, Yosef (2002). With Hearts Full of Faith (1st ed.). ArtScroll. p. 274. ISBN 9781578195831. Retrieved January 10, 2024.
Salomon, Matisyahu; Gottlieb, Zeev; Naiman, Yisrael Yaakov (2005). מתנת חיים [Chaim's Offering] (in Hebrew). Vol. 2 (1st ed.). Retrieved January 10, 2024.
Salomon, Matisyahu; Reinman, Yosef (2009). With Hearts Full of Love (1st ed.). ArtScroll. p. 319. ISBN 9781422608913. Retrieved January 10, 2024.
Salomon, Matisyahu (2019). קונטרס מתנת חיים - מאמרים יסודיים בימים הנוראים [Chaim's Offering – Basic Essays On the High Holy Days] (in Hebrew) (1st ed.). Mekhon Be'er HaTorah. p. 274. Retrieved January 10, 2024.
Salomon, Matisyahu (2019). קונטרס מתנת חיים - מאמרים יסודיים בעניני יו"ט פורים: מסודר ומיוסד על פיוט שושנת יעקב [Chaim's Offering – Basic Essays On the Purim Holiday: Arranged and Based On the Poem Shoshanat Yaakov] (in Hebrew) (1st ed.). Moshe Yehuda Halpern. p. 110. Retrieved January 10, 2024.The Jewish Observer published an interview with Salomon on the Jewish approach to marriage.

 References 

 External links 
"Audio: Rav Mattisyahu Salomon Shmues About Girls Going to College", The Lakewood View
"Rabbi Matisyahu Salomon" (lectures) TorahAnytime.com

Spencer Gulf Football League
The Spencer Gulf Football League is an Australian rules football competition based at the head of the Spencer Gulf in South Australia. It is an affiliated member of the South Australian National Football League.The Spencer Gulf Football League was formed in 1961, via a merger of the Port Pirie Football League (PPFL), the Whyalla Football League (WFL), and the Port Augusta-based Great Northern Football Association (GNFA). At the end of the 1966 season the WFL contingent withdrew.

 Brief history 
In 1961 the Great Northern Football Association, the Port Pirie Football Association and the Whyalla Football League merged to form the Spencer Gulf Football League. The twelve founding clubs were Central Augusta, Central Whyalla, North Whyalla, Port, Proprietary, Risdon, Solomontown, South Augusta, South Whyalla, West Augusta, West Whyalla and Willsden.
The four Whyalla-based clubs left the Spencer Gulf Football League at the end of season 1966 to form the Whyalla Football League, leaving 8 teams from Port Augusta and Port Pirie.
In 1992 Willsden amalgamated with Quorn to form Quorn-Willsden Wolves. The league reverted to 7 teams in 1994 when Proprietary and Risdon amalgamated. In 2006 the league was cut down to 6 teams when the Quorn-Willsden Wolves folded due to financial woes.

 Current clubs 

 Previous clubs 

 Premierships 

 Madigan Medallist & Ken Mitchell Awards 

 AFL representatives 
The Spencer Gulf League has been home to many AFL Footballers including:

Greg Flanegan (Essendon, 1981)
Mark Bickley (Adelaide Crows, 1991–2003) played his junior football for the Solomontown Football club and was a premiership player with the club in 1988, in that same year he won the Madigan Medal at the age of 19. Mark moved to the South Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL), where he was then selected as an inaugural member of the Adelaide Crows squad in 1991. In 1997 Bickley was appointed captain of the Adelaide Football Club, and captained the 1997 and 1998 Adelaide premiership sides. He is now a member of the SANFL Hall of Fame.
Bryan Beinke (Adelaide Crows, 1999–2002)
Jared Rivers  (Melbourne Demons, 2003–present) played junior football for the South Augusta Bulldogs Football club and won a premiership with the club in 2000 at the age of 15. Jared was selected by the Melbourne Demons as the 26th pick overall in the National Draft of 2002. In 2004 he won the National Bank Rising Star.
Mark Jamar (Melbourne Demons, 2003–present) played his early football at the Lions Football Club before moving to North Adelaide in the SANFL. Mark was selected at pick 6 of the 2001 Rookie Draft by the Melbourne Demons. In 2010 he was named as the second ruckman for the All-Australian squad.
Elijah Ware (Port Adelaide, 2005–2006)
Wade Thompson (Port Adelaide, 2009–2010)
Lewis Johnston (Sydney Swans/Adelaide, 2009–present)
Luke Taylor (Melbourne),1998–2000
Connor Rozee (Port Adelaide, 2019-present)

 Grand Final results 
Grand Final on 19 September 2015
Lions	5.4	8.6	11.11	16.15 (111)
Central	1.1	2.3	6.8	9.11 (65)
Best: Lions – T. Dunkley, R. Eyre, T. Harmer, J. Fuller, T. Bradley. Central – G. Appleton, A. Ruffles, A. Parsons, M. Harvey, M. Fuller. Goals: Lions – T. Bradley 4, J. Fuller 2, J. Strawbridge 2, S. Dyer, K. Edwards, T. Ley, A. Slattery, C. Marsland, L. Patterson, S. Edwards, T. Dunkley. Central – J. Reid 4, J. Muirhead 2, M. Harvey, A. Hosking, G. Appleton
Grand Final on 20 September 2014 
West	1.4	1.7	4.9	7.11 (53)
Solomontown	1.2	4.6	6.7	8.10 (58)
Best: Sollies – L. Bearman, B. Schutte, Z. Siemer, G. Cooke, R. Hoare. West  – not av. Goals: Sollies – M. OBrien 2, K. Head 2, J. Head, L. Bearman, T. Hoare, B. Mudge. West – H. Warren 5, T. Starke-Treloar 2
21 September 2013 
West	3.4	9.6	12.7	16.8 (104)
Central	2.1	4.1	9.2	15.6 (96)
Best: West – J. Jackson, T. Warren, S. Page, N. Collins, R. Dadleh. Central – L. Button, M. Fuller, M. Turner, N. Callary, S. Watts. Goals: West – S. Page 6, T. Starke-Treloar 2, H. Warren 2, N. Collins 2, M. Anesbury 2, R. Stapleton, J. Coulthard. Central – L. Button 4, D. Shillabeer 3, J. Reid 2, A. Ruffles 2, M. Harvey, M. Turner, J. Little, S. Watts
22 September 2012 
South	3.3	5.4	10.8	15.8 (98)
Sollies	2.5	3.7	8.10	9.12 (66)
Best: South – A. Margitich, M. Horner, R. Struck, B. Hurt, B. Laube, S. Brusnahan . Sollies – J. Davies, C. Millard, R. Saracino, Z. Siemer, S. Malchow. . Goals: South – B. Trewartha 3, B. Cox 2, T. Kernahan 2, C. Heron 2, D. Dohnt 2, L. Schmidt, J. Lukich, M. Horner, T. Payne. Sollies – S. McIntyre 2, J. Davies 2, B. Goodridge, N. Redman, L. Bearman, C. Millard, T. Hoare
24 September 2011
Central	4.3	7.5	9.7	11.10 (76)
Port	1.0	4.0	6.1	8.3 (51)
Best: Central – G. Kenny, P. Byron-Boles, R. Morris, S. Watts, C. Johnston. Port – J. Penny, C. Stephens, N. Magor, C. Brooke, C. Smith. Goals: Central – R. Morris 6, J. Reid, M. Woolford, L. Donald, D. Shillabeer, P. Byron-Boles. Port – G. Phillips 2, A. Casey 2, C. Smith 2, M. Gale, B. Mudge
18 September 2010
Central                    1.1     6.2      9.3     11.4 (70)
South                       2.7     4.7      7.15   7.17 (59)
Best: Central – N. Callary, J. Jackson, R. Morris, P. Jackson, J. Reid. South – B. Jones, D. Dohnt, B. Cox, M. Gill, M. Curley. Goals: Central – R. Morris 5, A. Grantham, G. Hull, P. Byron-Boles, D. Shillabeer, P. Jackson, K. McKenzie . South – B. Cox 2, S. Feltus, C. Reid, C. Heron, B. Jones, T. Kernahan
2009
Central 12.6 (78) def Port 8.15 (63)

Best: Central – M Fuller, J Dodd, A Fullerton, J Quigley, S Dawson. Port – C Stephens, T Clarke, K Johnanson, C Smith, M Burford.
Goals: Central – R Morris 3, S Dawson, J Reid 2, R Clayton-Waye, S Curnow, M Fuller, M Harvey, A McKenzie. Port – G Phillips 3, S Treloar, T Clarke, J Clarke, M Gale2008
Port 10.10 (70) def Central 8.21 (69)

Best: Port – A Casey, M Burford, N Wombat, A Featherstonaugh, J Coombe. Central – A Williams, N Callary, T O’Connor, L Rathman, M Keatley.
Goals: Port – G Phillips 4, N Wombat 3, J Coombe 2, A Casey. Central – S Dawson, S Wilson, M Fuller, D Baker, J Dodd, K Allen, N Lawrence2007
Port 16.8 (104) def West 11.15 (81)

Best: Port – N Wombat, S Treloar, M Burford, A Waters, C Stephens. West – Not Available.
Goals: Port – B Mudge, A Bergsma 3, S Treloar, J Coombe 2, L Copley, A Fleming, S Humphreys, M Kendall. West – R McDonald, J Coulthard, R Dadleh 2, R Stapledon, C McKenzie, J Carn, H Warren, M Benbow2006
South 16.13 (109) def Central 7.6 (48)

Best: South – D Crombie, C Reid, G O’Brien, R Barnes. Central – S McIntyre, M Fuller, B Page, C Pannach
Goals: South – B Amos 7, D Shillabeer 3, C Heron 2, B Jones, A Grantham, M Grantham, G O’Brien. Central – A Ruffles 3, J Harland 2, D Baker, M Kieboom

 2007 Ladder 

 2008 Ladder 

 2009 Ladder 

 2010 Ladder 

 2011 Ladder 

 2012 Ladder 

 2013 Ladder 

 2014 Ladder 

 2015 Ladder 

 2016 Ladder 

 2017 Ladder 

 Bibliography 
Encyclopedia of South Australian country football clubs, compiled by Peter Lines. ISBN 9780980447293
South Australian country football digest, by Peter Lines ISBN 9780987159199

 References 

 External links 
Spencer Gulf FL on Facebook
Gameday website

Mavis Laing
Mavis Laing (born December 5, 1953) is an American former track and field sprinter and pentathlete. Her highest level honour was a gold medal at the 1971 Pan American Games, where she anchored the American women's 4 × 400 meters relay team to victory, alongside Cheryl Toussaint, Esther Stroy and Gwen Norman. It was the first time the event had been held at the competition.Born to Laura and Clarence Laing, she attended Arcadia High School in Phoenix, Arizona and in the absence of a track program at the high school, she joined the AAU Phoenix Track Club. Under the coaching of Fred Moore, she became an outstanding high school level athlete. At the age of fifteen she competed in the pentathlon at the 1969 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, placing fifth overall.At the 1970 national championships, 16-year-old Laing won the 440-yard dash in an American record time of 52.9 seconds, defeating former champion Jarvis Scott. She also managed third place in the pentathlon with a personal record of 4533 points. That same year she broke the Arizona state records in the 200 meters, 440 yards and 400 meters. A further state record followed in 1971, as she ran 10.6 seconds for the 100-yard dash. She placed fourth in that event at the 1971 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships (third amongst Americans). Laing also competed in international matches for the United States, winning events against West Germany and the Soviet Union.Following her graduation from high school in 1971, she received an offer of an athletic scholarship from Tennessee A & I, where Wilma Rudolph and Wyomia Tyus had been trained. Preferring to remain in the local area and with her track club, she opted instead for Arizona State University. A bout of mononucleosis ruined her chances to make the team for the 1972 Summer Olympics and she focused on academics instead. She earned an undergraduate degree in psychology before going on to complete a master's degree in speech and language pathology at New York University. Laing worked as a teacher, then moved to Chicago to work in the field of speech therapy. Later, she became vice president of regional sales at Xerox.In 2002 she was inducted into the Scottsdale Sports Hall Of Fame. Her state records remained unbeaten for over 30 years.

 International competitions 

 References 

 External links 
1970 photo of Mavis Laing

Natasha Kaiser-Brown
Natasha Kaiser-Brown (born May 14, 1967) is an American sprinter who specialized in the 400 meter run. As of 2022, she is the head coach of track and field at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri.
Kaiser-Brown was born in Des Moines, Iowa. In high school, she was a nine-time state champion for Des Moines Roosevelt and is the previous record-holder for the 100 meter and sprint medley relay events (both broken in the 2018 track season).As a member of the Missouri Tigers track and field team from 1985–89, she won five individual conference titles, earned NCAA All-American honors in the 400m dash six times, and named Big 8 Female Athlete of the Year in 1989. In 1989, she also was the 400m dash Indoor National Champion with a collegiate record time of 51.92 seconds, which still stands as the school record.At the 1991 Pan American Games she finished fourth in the 400 meter run and won a gold medal in 4 x 400 meter relay. She won a silver medal in the relay at the 1992 Summer Olympics with her teammates Gwen Torrence, Jearl Miles and Rochelle Stevens. In 1993 she won a relay silver medal at the 1993 World Indoor Championships as well as two medals at the 1993 World Championships.  She won the 400 meter event at the 1994 Nationals and was a member of the 1996 USA Olympic team in Atlanta.Her personal best time is 50.17 seconds, achieved in 1993.
She is married to Brian Brown and coached alongside him at Drake University. The pair have a daughter, Elle Brown, who is a basketball player at the University of Missouri.

 References 

USATF bio

 External links 
Natasha Kaiser-Brown at World Athletics

Jan Johnson
Jan Johnson (born November 11, 1950, in Hammond, Indiana) is an American former athlete who competed mainly in the pole vault. He graduated in 1972 from the University of Alabama, where he holds the school record in the pole vault at 18 feet, 1/2 inch.
He competed for the United States in the 1972 Summer Olympics held in Munich, Germany, where he won the bronze medal.
Johnson held a world indoor record at 17 feet, 7 inches while competing for the University of Kansas. He transferred to Alabama, where he became a three-time NCAA champion.  He won the 1971 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships for the Alabama Crimson Tide. He was also an accomplished long jumper and sprinter in both high school and college.
Johnson won the 1968 Illinois state high school championship while competing at Bloom High School in Chicago Heights, Illinois. In 1972, the gymnasium of Rickover Junior High School in Sauk Village, Illinois was dedicated and named in his honor. His younger brother Tim Johnson, set the National HS indoor record of 16'7 in 1974. His daughter, Chelsea, became a two-time NCAA outdoor champion in the pole vault for UCLA. Chelsea was silver medalist for the US in the women's pole vault at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in Berlin.Jan Johnson runs "Sky Jumpers," a pole vault camp based on the central coast of California.  Johnson also hosts auxiliary "Sky Jumpers" camps annually in Illinois, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. Johnson has been an outspoken innovator and advocate for pole vault safety. He co-authored The Illustrated History of the Pole Vault, published in 2007. His second book: "The High Flyer and the Cultural Revolution"  has recently been published to high reviews.

 References 

 External links 
Jan Johnson at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
Official Website

John David Martin
John David "J.D." Martin (born March 19, 1939) is an American former track and field athlete who competed in the pole vault and decathlon. His greatest achievement was a decathlon gold medal for the United States at the 1963 Pan American Games. He set a games record of 7335 points in the process, also a personal record. His personal record for the pole vault was 4.75 m (15 ft 7 in). His best finish nationally was third in the decathlon at the 1961 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.Raised in Erick, Oklahoma, at collegiate level he competed for the Oklahoma Sooners and won the NCAA Men's Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships in 1960. He quickly moved into coaching and served as the track and cross country running coach at the University of Oklahoma from 1964 to 1997. Over this period, he was coach to two Olympic gold medallists, 22 individual national champions and 171 collegiate All-Americans. He was inducted into the Oklahoma Sports Hall of Fame in 2005.His alma mater set up the J.D. Martin Invitational track meet in 2006 in his honour.

 See also 
List of Pan American Games medalists in athletics (men)

 References 

Pat Matzdorf
Patrick Clifford Matzdorf (born December 26, 1949) is an American former high jumper, who set a world record of 2.29 meters (7'-6 1/4") at a World All-Star Track Meet in Berkeley, California.  Matzdorf, a Junior at the University of Wisconsin, entered the July 3, 1971 meet against the Soviet Union with a personal best of 7'-3" (2.21 m.) achieved earlier that year in March. He broke the world record that day on his third attempt at 2.29 meters.Matzdorf utilized the bent-leg straddle jumping style, a modification of the classic straight-leg straddle which dominated the sport in the 1950s and 1960s.

 Education Sport 
At the University of Wisconsin, he played basketball as well.

 Corporate Life 
Patrick Clifford Matzdorf worked for AT&T Bell Labs at Indian Hill in Autoplex. He coined the phrase "wireless" as part of a standards meeting and was distinguished by his mustache. 

 Corporate Sports 
During his life at AT&T, according to co-workers, he played softball, which every time at the plate he stroked a home run. A company teammate, Tom Giammarresi, remembers "his throws from left field that were, not far off the ground, and traveled all the way to home plate like bullets." He also played coed volleyball. According to Sheila K. Brown Klinger, she stated "we all played volleyball together at IH (Randy Downing, director, and Dave Carbaugh, DH, were also on our team)." He was considered a great athlete. 
.

 References 

Ashley Higginson
Ashley Higginson (born March 17, 1989) is an American middle-distance runner who has made the U.S. team for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in the 3000 meter steeplechase.

 Life and career 
Born in Staten Island, New York, Higginson grew up in Colts Neck Township, New Jersey, and graduated from Colts Neck High School as part of the class of 2007, where she was a NXN (aka Nike Cross Country National) champion and Foot Locker Cross Country Championships All-American. Higginson went on to graduate from Princeton University and Rutgers School of Law–Newark.In 2008, Higginson competed in 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics in the women's 5000 meters.As an undergraduate, Higginson won seven Ivy League Outdoor Championships. This included the 5000 meter titles in 2008 and 2011, 3000 meter titles in 2010 and 2011, and three consecutive 3000 meter steeplechase titles in 2009 through 2011. In 2010, in her junior year at Princeton, she finished third in the NCAA Women's Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships in the 3000 meter steeplechase.Higginson placed fourth at the 2012 U.S. Olympic trials in the 3000 meter steeplechase.Higginson qualified for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in the 3000 meter steeplechase by placing second in that year's U.S. outdoor championship with a time of 9:46.25. At the 2013 World Championships, she finished in a time of 9:45.78 in the steeplechase event. The result was eleventh in her heat and nineteenth overall. She did not qualify for the final.
Higginson is the 2nd rated American steeplechaser in 2014 running 9:27.59 to earn the silver medal at the 2014 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in Sacramento, California, in June. She competed in the Diamond League in Stockholm Bauhaus Athletics on August 22, 2014, finished in 8th with a time of 9:33.89.Higginson sets Pan Am games 3000 meter steeplechase record in July 2015. after placing 5th at 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in Eugene, Oregon.In 2016, Higginson opened her outdoor season running a 4:33.90 mile at Penn Relays and 4:08.13 in 1500 meters at Hoka One One Middle Distance Classic hosted at Occidental College. She placed 9th in 9:38.55 at 2016 US Olympic Trials (track and field) in steeplechase. Higginson placed 13th in 4:26.1 at 2016 Fifth Avenue Mile.

 US Championships 
Track and field

 References 

 External links 
Ashley Higginson at World Athletics 
Ashley Higginson at legacy.USATF.org
Ashley Higginson on Twitter

Mary Knisely
Mary Knisely (born Schilly; May 29, 1959) is a retired middle- and long-distance runner from the United States. She set her personal best (8:42.84) in the women's 3000-meter run on 13 July 1987 at a meet in Nice. Knisely is a two-time US national champion in the 3000 m (1986 and 1987), and was the marathon national champion in 2001. She competed as a student at Concord High School.
In 2008, the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame inducted Knisely.
She competed at the U.S. Olympic Trials three times, was a gold medalist in the 3000 meters at the 1987 Pan American Games, silver medalist in the IAAF World Cup 10,000 m, and was a member of the 1985 and 1987 gold medal winning U.S. teams at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships. She placed third in the 3000 m at the 1986 IAAF Grand Prix Final and second in the 5000 m at the 1987 IAAF Grand Prix Final.
She holds personal records of: 2:02 min (800 m) 4:05 (1500 m), 8:41 (3000 m), 15:12 (5000 m), 32:19 (10,000 m), and 2:35:11 (marathon).

 References 
trackfield.brinkster

Ron Laird
Ronald ("Ron") Owen Laird (born May 31, 1938, in Louisville, Kentucky) was a race walker from the United States, who competed for the New York Athletic Club. He represented his native country at four Olympiads. His best finish was 19th place in the men's 50 km walk at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy. He won the 20 km event at the 1967 Pan American Games, and finished 25th in that event in the Mexico City 1968 Summer Olympics and 20th in the Montreal 1976 Summer Olympics, but was disqualified in the 1964 Summer Olympics event in Tokyo.

 References 
USATF Hall of Fame Bio
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Ron Laird". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-17.

Sean McLean
Sean McLean (born March 23, 1992) is an American sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres. He graduated from the Word of God Christian Academy in Raleigh, North Carolina, after previously attending Southeast Raleigh Magnet High School.
McLean won a silver medal in the 200 metres, and a gold medal in the 4×100 metres relay at the 2011 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships in Miramar, Florida. He was an All-USA high school track and field team selection by USA Today in 2010, and 2011. Mclean turned professional out of high school, turning down offers from some of the top track and field programs in the country.
Coach Kesrick Fraser was instrumental in guiding Sean from high school and through all of his professional career. Kesrick Fraser was an outstanding  sprinter at NYIT.  He was inducted in the NYIT  Hall of Fame  class of 2011.

 References 

 External links 
Sean McLean at World Athletics 
DyeStat profile for Sean McLean

Kathy McMillan
Catherine "Kathy" Laverne McMillan (born November 7, 1957) is a retired American athlete, who mainly competed in the long jump.
McMillan was born in Raeford, North Carolina. She competed for the United States at the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Canada, where she won the silver medal in the Women's Long Jump event as an 18-year-old. She attended Tennessee State University.
While competing for Hoke County High School, in Raeford, North Carolina she set the still standing NFHS National High School Record in the Long Jump of 22 ft 3 in (6.78 m) while participating in the Jack in the Box Invitational at UCLA on June 12, 1976.McMillan qualified for the 1980 US Olympic team but was unable to compete due to the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott. She did however receive one of 461 Congressional Gold Medals created especially for the spurned athletes.In 2021 she was elected into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

 References 

 External links 
Catherine Laverne McMillan at Olympics.com
Kathy McMillan at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
McMillan at the 1976 US. Olympic Trials Video on YouTube @ 27:00

Essie Kelley
Essie Kelley-Washington (born January 12, 1957) is an American former middle-distance runner who specialized in the 800-meter run. She was the gold medallist in that event at the 1979 Pan American Games. She also represented America at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics and 1987 Pan American Games, reaching both finals.At national level at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships she was a regular finalist during her career and won the 800 m twice: in 1979 then again in 1987. She was runner-up in 1978 and made her last final in 1990, taking seventh place.After retiring from running Kelley went into coaching. She had gained a degree in physical education from Prairie View A&M University in 1980. She served as head coach for the 1999 Pan American Games delegation and was assistant coach on the 1997 Summer Universiade team.

 International competitions 

 National titles 
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
800 m: 1979, 1987

 References 

 External links 
Essie Kelley at World Athletics

Brad Mears
Brad Mears (born December 24, 1970) is a University of Central Missouri professor and a retired American shot putter, who won the gold medal at the 1999 Pan American Games. His personal best throw is 21.30 meters (69 feet 11 inches), achieved in May 1999 in Greeley. He has earned a Doctorate in Pedagogy from the University of Northern Colorado in 2000, his master's from the University of Central Missouri in 1997 and his bachelor's degree from Central Missouri State University in 1994. He is a 1989 graduate of Neosho High School, Neosho Missouri.As a Track and Field Athlete, Brad holds 9 Missouri All State titles for Neosho High School, and 7 All America Titles and a National Championship for the University of Central Missouri. He competed professionally in 1995–2000. Other athletic personal best are: Track and Field: Discus 61.60 meters (202 feet 1 inch), Javelin 63.90 meters (209 feet 8 inches). Olympic Weight Lifting Personal Bests (+109 group): Total 375 kilograms (827 pounds). Individual Lifts: Clean and Jerk 223 kilograms (492 pounds), Snatch 165 kilograms (364 pounds).From 1994 to 1998, Brad was a public school teacher in the Warrensburg R-6 School District, Warrensburg, Missouri. During that time, he taught Early Childhood, Elementary, Middle School and High School Physical Education, Early Childhood, Middle School and High School Adapted Physical Education.From 1994 to 1998, Brad was also a University of Central Missouri Track and Field Assistant Throws Coach, where he coached 7 All America titles and 1 National Champion.As a professor of Pedagogy in Physical Education, at the University of Central Missouri, Brad's scholarly work has focused on human physical/structural development and function, related to the areas of Developmental Neurology, Brain Based Learning, Autism and Attention Deficit Disorder, Behavior Analysis and Child Development with over 200 publications and/or presentations worldwide.Brad is also the President and CO-Founder of the Mears Foundation for Autism, a not for profit foundation that serves individuals, families, and communities impacted by autism.

 Achievements 

 References 

Brad Mears at World Athletics

Lee Vernon McNeill
Lee Vernon McNeill (December 2, 1964 – September 29, 2021) was an American track and field athlete who was a Five time All-American, record holding sprinter at East Carolina University.

 Career 
Lee McNeill was recruited by Bill Carson 1984 out of St. Pauls for East Carolina University. He specialized in the 100 metres.
McNeill made a name for himself in 1985 when he defeated Olympic gold medalist Carl Lewis in the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the USA outdoor track and field championships. McNeill placed second in the final, outrunning both the world record holder and the NCAA champion. Later that summer he dropped the baton in a Pan American Games relay, but still managed to bring home three bronze medals from the National Sports Festival and the World University Games. His first gold medal of the summer came in June at the U.S. Olympic Festival in Durham. McNeill also picked up a bronze medal in the 100-meter dash.
He won the gold medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1987 World Championships, together with Lee McRae, Harvey Glance and Carl Lewis.
His personal best time over 100 metres is 10.09 seconds, achieved on June 17, 1988, in Tampa when finishing 3rd in The Athletics Congress final. McNeill teamed with Carl Lewis, Harvey Glance and Lee McRae to win the 4X100 relay in the Pan American Games. McNeill was a member of the 1988 Olympic team that competed in Seoul, South Korea.

 Recognition 
On April 18, 2010, McNeill was one of the six new inductees into the Robeson County Sports Hall of Fame ceremony in Pembroke, North Carolina.

 Personal life and death 
McNeill lived in Greenville, North Carolina. He died from COVID-19 on September 29, 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic in North Carolina. He struggled to breathe after being diagnosed with the virus in late August and had been hospitalized in the weeks before his death.

 References 

Dave Laut
David Lester Laut (December 21, 1956 – August 27, 2009) was an American shot putter. He was born in Findlay, Ohio, and grew up in Oxnard, California. Laut attended Art Haycox Elementary School, E. O. Green Junior High School, Santa Clara High School, Moorpark College (all in Ventura County), along with San Jose City College and UCLA, where he was a two-time NCAA champion and ranked No. 1 shot putter in the United States.Laut was shot and killed at his home, and several years later his wife was convicted for the crime. 

 Career 
Laut won the bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He also won the gold medal at the 1979 Pan American Games and the bronze at the 1981 IAAF World Cup.  He was the 1979, 1981, 1983 and 1985 United States champion in the shot put.His personal best throw was 22.02 meters, achieved in August 1982 in Koblenz. In 1985, Laut was ranked No. 7 shot putter in the world and as the No. 1 American.Laut tore tendons in both knees during an agility test to become a firefighter. He attempted to join the 1988 U.S. Olympic team, but fell short at the Olympic trials.In 1997, he was named to the Ventura County Sports Hall of Fame.
After his retirement from being a professional shot putter, he became an assistant track coach at Ventura College in 1994. He served eight seasons as the track coach for Hueneme High School in the Oxnard Union High School District and was promoted to athletic director in 2008.

 Death 
Laut died at his home in Oxnard, California, on August 27, 2009, after being shot several times in the head. He was 52 years old.  His wife, Jane, was arrested over five years later, and she claimed that she had shot Laut in self-defense. Clinical psychologist Katherine Emerick, who was treating Jane Laut for depression, testified that she had diagnosed Jane Laut with post traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, dependent personality disorder, and avoidant personality disorder. On March 30, 2016, she was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to 50 years in prison.  She had turned down a plea bargain for a six-year sentence.

 References 

 External links 
Dave Laut at World Athletics 
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Dave Laut". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2012-10-18.

Joshua McAdams
Joshua McAdams (born March 26, 1980) is an American track and field athlete who competes in the 3,000 meter steeplechase.

 Education 
McAdams attended Brecksville-Broadview Heights High School, where he was a four-time OHSAA state placer in track and cross country and a three time OHSAA state placer in wrestling. He initially attended Belmont University before leaving the school to complete a two-year mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Thailand. On returning to school, McAdams switched to Brigham Young University where he studied microbiology and molecular biology and was a non-scholarship athlete on the track team. He won the 3000 meter Steeplechase at the 2006 NCAA National Championships.
 In 2012, McAdams graduated from the Southern College of Optometry and completed a rotation in neuro-optometry and ocular disease at the Miles Eye Center in Show Low, Arizona.

 Professional career 
In June 2009 McAdams won the USA Outdoor Steeplechase to become National champion for a second time. McAdams represented USA in the World championships in Berlin, Germany in August 2009.
McAdams is also a 2007 USA Outdoor champion; 2007 Pan American Games champ; and 2006 NCAA Outdoor champion. He has placed 8th at 2005 USA Outdoors and 9th at 2005 NCAA Outdoors.
After a successful 2007, McAdams finished third in the 2008 Olympic Trials for 3,000 meter steeplechase. Following the win at the 2007 AT&T USA Outdoor Championships, he won the gold medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in 8 minutes 30.49 seconds. Also that year, he improved his personal best time to  8:21.36, ending the 2007 campaign ranked #1 in the U.S. by Track & Field News.
McAdams won the 2006 NCAA Outdoor Championships 3,000m steeplechase title with his then personal best time of 8:34.10. With this victory, he was the first runner from BYU to win a distance National Champion since his coach, Ed Eyestone, who won the 5,000-meter title in 1985.
He qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics after coming in 3rd at 2008 Olympic Trials.

 Accomplishments 
2009: USA Outdoor champion (8:29.91)
2008:  9th in opening round at Olympic Games (8:33.26)…3rd at Olympic Trials (8:21.99)...ranked #3 in U.S. by T&FN...best of 8:21.99.
2007: USA Outdoor champion (8:24.46)…Pan American Games champ (8:30.49)… 5th in heats at World Outdoors (8:32.46)...2nd at Nike Prefontaine Classic (8:21.36PR)…2nd at Payton Jordan Cardinal Invitational (8:23.69)…ranked #1 in U.S. by T&FN…best of 8:21.36.
2006: NCAA champion (8:34.10)…10th at USA Outdoors (8:37.91)…best of 8:34.10.
2005: 8th at USA Outdoors (8:39.81)…9th at NCAA Outdoors (8:36.88)…best of 8:34.84.
2004: Best of 8:45.26.

 Personal life 
McAdams is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.  He served a two-year church mission in Bangkok, Thailand. He currently lives in Meridian, Idaho, with his wife, Whitney, and four kids.

 References 

 External links 
Joshua McAdams at World Athletics 
Joshua McAdams at legacy.USATF.org
byucougars.com
YahooOlympics

Henry Laskau
Helmut ("Henry") Laskau (September 12, 1916 – May 7, 2000) has been called the greatest racewalker in U.S. track and field history. Born in Berlin, Germany Laskau was a top distance runner in his native Germany, before being forced to leave that country by the Nazis in 1938 due to his Jewish heritage. He moved to the United States and served in the U.S. Army during World War II, before resuming his competitive walking career in 1946.
Over two decades Laskau won 42 national titles, set the world record in the mile, was the national A.A.U champion, and was a competitor in the 1948, 1952, and 1956 Olympic Games, placing 12th in 1952 at 20 kilometers. He was a 1951 Pan-American Games champion. 
He also was a four-time gold medal winner at the Maccabiah Games in the 3,000 m race walk; in the 1950 Maccabiah Games, 1953 Maccabiah Games, 1957 Maccabiah Games, and 1965 Maccabiah Games. During an 11-year career, he set five national records and during nine years of that period was unbeaten by any American walker. Laskau won the racewalk at the 1970 Masters National Outdoor Championship in San Diego.  In 1983, he was named to the USA All-Time Track and Field team. He remained active in the sport after retiring from competition, serving as a volunteer official. Laskau died at the age of 83 in Coconut Creek, Florida, in 2000.

 See also 
List of select Jewish track and field athletes

 References 

 External links 
Henry Laskau at the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame
Henry Laskau at the USATF Hall of Fame 
Henry Laskau at Olympics.com 
Henry Laskau at Olympedia

Ralph Mann
Ralph Vernon Mann (born June 16, 1949) is a retired American sprinter and hurdler.  He was an undergraduate at Brigham Young University, and later earned a Ph.D. in Biomechanics from Washington State University.In 1969, Mann won his first NCAA 440 yard hurdles championship with a time of 49.6 seconds. Tying the NCAA and American records, the time was three-tenths of a second off the world record. A year later in Des Moines, Iowa, Mann captured his second NCAA championship and set a new world-record time of 48.8 seconds for the 440 intermediate hurdles. During his collegiate career Ralph was NCAA champion three times. He was a three-time All-American, and in 1970 was second in the voting for the Sullivan Award.
He competed in the 400 m hurdles at the 1972 Olympics and won the silver medal.  Ralph was a five-time AAU champion. He received the AAU’s DiBenedetto Award for the single most outstanding career, most notably for his Olympic silver medal. In 2015, he was inducted into the USA National Track and Field Hall of Fame.Mann co-wrote the book Swing Like a Pro: The Breakthrough Scientific Method of Perfecting Your Golf Swing with Fred Griffin.  This book was the culmination of Mann's expertise in the field of biomechanics and Griffin's experience of teaching golf as a PGA Professional. Mann has two children, Amber and Randall, a poet and literary critic.

 References 

Marty Liquori
Martin William Liquori (born September 11, 1949) is a retired American middle distance athlete.
Liquori rose to fame when he became the third American high schooler to break the four-minute mile by running a 3:59.8 in 1967, three years after Jim Ryun first did it.He grew up in Cedar Grove, New Jersey and attended Essex Catholic High School. After high school, Liquori enrolled at Villanova University. There he was coached by Jumbo Elliott.
Liquori made the U.S. Olympic team in 1968 as a nineteen-year-old freshman. He reached the finals of the 1,500 meter run but suffered a stress fracture and finished 12th. He was the youngest person ever to compete in the final.
In 1969, he finished second to Ryun in the NCAA indoor mile, then won the NCAA and AAU outdoor mile championships by turning the tables on Ryun and beating him. He repeated the AAU outdoor in 1970 and had his best year in 1971, winning the NCAA and AAU outdoor titles, and a gold medal in the 1,500 m at the Pan-American Games. Also in 1969 and 1971, he was ranked number 1 in the world for 1500 meters/mile. In 1977 he was ranked number 1 in 5000 meters and set a U.S. record of 13:15.1 while finishing second to Miruts Yifter in the inaugural World Cup.
On May 16, 1971, Liquori lowered his personal best to 3:54.6 in the Dream Mile in Philadelphia and beat Ryun by a few steps.
But Liquori was injured later that year. He didn't return to competition until 1973.  In 1975, he ran a personal best 3:52.2 in the mile, finishing second to Filbert Bayi (who broke Ryun's world record in that race by 0.1 second with a 3:51.0), and set a United States record of 8:17.12 in the 2 mile.  Liquori retired from competitive distance running in 1980.
He has written an autobiography, On The Run, and he also wrote Guide to the Elite Runner and Home Gym Workout. He was a founder of The Athletic Attic Footwear chain in 1972.
Liquori lives in Gainesville, Florida.  Liquori did commentary at the Munich, Montreal, Sidney, Barcelona, Seoul and Athens Olympic Games and the New York and Boston Marathons. Liquori produced and hosted “Running and Racing” on ESPN for 14 years and Fitness Adventures on the Outdoor Life Network. Liquori was diagnosed with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), which is now in remission.
Liquori has been inducted into the New Jersey Sports Hall of Fame, National Track and Field Hall of Fame, Italian American Hall of Fame, National High School Hall of Game, National Distance Running Hall of Fame and the Cosida Academic All American Hall of Fame.

 References 

 Audio interview 
TheFinalSprint.com's interview with Olympian Marty Liquori

C. J. Hunter
Cottrell James Hunter III (December 14, 1968 – November 28, 2021) was an American shot putter, coach, and the 1999 World Champion. 
Hunter is well known for his involvement in the BALCO scandal and as the former spouse of sprinter Marion Jones. 

 Biography 

 College career 
The 6'1", 330 lb Hunter was a three-time All-American at Penn State University, where he still holds the outdoor and indoor shot put record (65'5" and 64'4½", or 19.93 m and 19.62 m respectively). He earned his B.A. in political science in 1991. Hunter first began throwing the shot after failing to make the basketball team at Hyde Park, New York's Franklin D. Roosevelt Senior High School.

 Olympics and failed drug test 
Hunter competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, finishing seventh. Hunter's personal best throw was 71' 9", (21.87 m) thrown during a 2nd-place finish in the 2000 US Olympic Trials.
Hunter tested positive for the performance-enhancing steroid Nandrolone at the Bislett Games, which was revealed before he was scheduled to compete in the 2000 Summer Olympics.

 Marion Jones 
Hunter first met Marion Jones when she was 16. They reconnected in 1995 when he was hired as a coach with the University of North Carolina track team. He was forced to resign from his position after refusing to conform with school rules that prohibited coach-athlete dating. They married on October 3, 1998, and divorced in 2002 following the BALCO scandal.

 Personal life 
Hunter resided in Holly Springs, North Carolina with his son Nicko from his third marriage. 
Hunter died on November 28, 2021, at the age of 52.

 See also 
List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians
List of sportspeople sanctioned for doping offences

 References 

 External links 
C. J. Hunter biography at USA Track & Field
C. J. Hunter photo, biography & stats at sporting-heroes.net
"It's been going on for a long, long time", Black Athlete Sports Network, August 28, 2004

LaVonna Martin
LaVonna Ann Martin-Floreal (born November 18, 1966) is an American former track and field athlete who competed mainly in the 100-meter hurdles. She won an Olympic silver medal in 1992.

 Career 
She competed for the United States in the 1992 Summer Olympics held in Barcelona, Spain in the 100 meter hurdles and won the silver medal. She had also competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, where she reached the Semi-finals. In 1987 she won the Gold Medal at the Pan American Games.
Martin’s silver medal in 1992 caused some controversy as it came following her return from a doping ban. 

 Personal life 
Martin-Floreal is a graduate of the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and is married to former Canadian Olympic triple jumper Edrick Floreal, head track and field coach at University of Texas. They have a daughter, Mimi, and a son, EJ, who played for the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team but switched to Track and Field in 2017.

 International competitions 

 References 

Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "LaVonna Martin". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-17.

John J. Kelley
John Joseph "Johnny" Kelley (December 24, 1930 – August 21, 2011) was an American long-distance runner who won the 1957 Boston Marathon and the marathon at the 1959 Pan American Games. He was also a member of the United States Olympic teams of 1956 and 1960, competing in the marathon. He was often dubbed "Kelley the Younger" to avoid confusion with Johnny Kelley (1907–2004; "Kelley the Elder"), winner of the 1935 and 1945 Boston Marathons; the two men were not related.

 Career summary 
Kelley was born in Norwich, Connecticut. He began racing in marathons during his college years. From 1950 to 1954, he attended Boston University, located about a mile from the Boston Marathon finish line. While there, he excelled in team races and would run his first two Boston Marathons, in 1953 and 1954. He finished fifth in the 1953 race before following up with a 7th-place finish the next year. After graduating, he finished 2nd in the 1956 Boston Marathon and made his way onto the U.S. Olympic Marathon team which competed in Melbourne, Australia during the same year. He would go on to win the Boston Marathon outright in 1957 while setting a new course record on the remeasured course.
After his win at Boston, Kelley would win several other marathons, including eight consecutive wins of the Yonkers Marathon in Yonkers, New York.  During all those years, the Yonkers Marathon served as the National Championship. As a result of his record setting performance at Yonkers in 1960, he again found his way onto the U.S. Olympic Marathon team and competed in the 1960 Olympics in Rome. He placed 21st and 19th in the Melbourne and Rome Olympic marathons, respectively.

 Boston Marathon results 

 Other milestones 
Kelley is the only male runner to ever win both the Boston Marathon and the Mount Washington Road Race, which he won in 1961. Another runner, Jacqueline Gareau, has also won both. He made the ascent in one hour and 8 minutes 54 seconds, nearly seven minutes faster than the winning times in the three previous years the race had been held, 1936–1938. In September 2014, a larger-than-life sized bronze statue of Kelley and his dog (Brutus) was dedicated in downtown Mystic, Connecticut.

 Later years 
After his career as a runner ended, he went on to a successful career as high school running coach. At Fitch High School in Groton, Connecticut, Kelley coached Amby Burfoot, winner of the 1968 Boston Marathon, and Julia Chase, the first woman to successfully challenge the gender barrier of the Amateur Athletic Union. He coached American Power-lifting Champion and world record holder Christopher Annino. In addition to coaching, he found work over the years as a newspaper columnist, freelance writer, cab driver and Kelley's Pace running wear store co-owner.

 Personal life 
Kelley married Jacinta C. Braga in 1953, and together they had three children, Julia, Kathleen, and Eileen.

 Death 
Kelley died in North Stonington, Connecticut at the age of 80 on August 21, 2011.

 See also 
List of winners of the Boston Marathon

 References 

 External links 
John Kelley in City of Yonkers Sports Hall of Fame
Running Past Profile
John Kelley's College Scrapbook
Kelley's HOF Induction Speech
Kelley Memorial site

Kim Kreiner
Kimberly "Kim" A. Kreiner (born July 26, 1977, in Akron, Ohio) is a female javelin thrower from the United States. Her personal best throw is 64.19 meters, achieved in May 2007 in Fortaleza.
She finished fifth at the 2001 Universiade, won the 2003 Pan American Games and finished eighth at the 2006 World Cup. She also competed at the World Championships in 2003 and 2005 as well as the Olympic Games in 2004 and 2008 without reaching the final.
She is a four time National Champion, winning in 2001 and 2004–2006.  She held the American record from 2002 until 2010.  In 2004, she won the U.S. Olympic Trials.

 International competitions 

 References 

 External links 
Kim Kreiner at World Athletics 
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Kim Kreiner". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-18.

Madeline Manning
Madeline Manning Mims (born January 11, 1948) is a former American runner. Between 1967 and 1981 she won ten national titles and set a number of American records. She participated in the 1968, 1972, and 1976 Summer Olympics. She likely also would have participated in the 1980 Games in Moscow, had they not been boycotted by the United States. At the 1968 Olympics she won a gold medal in the 800 m, one of only two American women to win this event. (To date, the other was Athing Mu who won gold in the 2020 Olympics.) Until 2008, she was the youngest winner of the event.  At the 1972 Games in Munich she won a silver medal in the 4 × 400 m relay with teammates Mable Fergerson, Kathy Hammond, and Cheryl Toussaint.
When she was three years old, she was diagnosed with spinal meningitis and not expected to live. She recovered, but was consistently sick until she was a teen.In 1965, while she was a student at John Hay High School in Cleveland, she won her first national title in the 440-yard run at the girls' AAU championships. She was named to the U.S. team that competed in meets against West Germany, the USSR and Poland. From 1967 to 1980, Manning-Mims won 10 national indoor and outdoor titles.Manning is a graduate of Tennessee State University and a famed member of their TigerBelles. In 1984 she was inducted into the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame.Manning is founder and president of the United States Council for Sports Chaplaincy and has been a chaplain at the 1988 Seoul, 1992 Barcelona, 1996 Atlanta, 2000 Sydney, 2004 Athens, and 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. She also has a ministry through sports and the arts known as Ambassadorship, Inc.  She is also an author, speaker and contemporary gospel recording artist, who was inducted into the Oklahoma Jazz Hall of Fame in 2005.  She is currently studying for a Master of Divinity degree at Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and is one of the chaplains of the Tulsa Shock of the WNBA.She competed through the mid 1970s under the hyphenated name of Madeline Manning-Jackson.  She married John Jackson in 1969 but divorced him by 1970.  Her son from that marriage, John Jackson III was the NCAA Triple Jump champion while competing at the University of Oklahoma.  After briefly retiring from the sport, she returned running with anger and frustration, to the point that her coach had to train her separately from other athletes on her team and had to ask her to slow down.In 1976, Jackson released the gospel soul album Madeline: Running for Jesus with NewPax.

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Madeline Manning at Wikimedia Commons

Madeline Manning-Mims at www.USATF.org
Madeline Manning (Mims) at the USATF Hall of Fame
Madeline Manning-Jackson at Olympedia
Madeline Manning at Olympics.com

Mildred McDaniel
Mildred "Millie" Louise McDaniel-Singleton (née McDaniel, November 4, 1933 – September 30, 2004) was an American athlete, who competed mainly in the women's high jump event during her career.
Born in Atlanta, Georgia, she attended David T. Howard High School. She competed for the United States at the 1956 Summer Olympics held in Melbourne, Australia where she won the gold medal in the women's high jump event.  In the process, she  beat the current world record holder, Iolanda Balas and set a new world record.
She attended the Tuskegee Institute where she played basketball.  While there she was the National Champion in 1953, 1955 and 1956. In 1983 she was inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame.

 Death 
McDaniel-Singleton died of cancer, aged 70, in Pasadena, California.

 References 

 External links 
Millie McDaniel at World Athletics
Mildred (Tex) McDaniel at the USATF Hall of Fame
Mildred Louise McDaniel at Olympics.comMildred McDaniel at Olympic.org (archived)
Millie McDaniel at Olympedia
Millie McDaniel at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
Mildred Louise McDaniel-Singleton at Find a Grave (cites November 3, 1933 as date of birth)

Hayes Jones
Hayes Wendell Jones (born August 4, 1938) is an American former athlete, winner of the 110 m hurdles event at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Starkville, Mississippi.
Jones first major title was the 120 yd (110 m) hurdles at the 1958 AAU championships. He won four more AAU titles: 1960 and 1964 in 110 m hurdles and 1961 and 1963 in 120 yd (110 m) hurdles.
In 1959, Jones, as an Eastern Michigan University representative, won the NCAA titles in 120 yd (110 m) and 220 yd (200 m) hurdles, following his first major international experience, when he won the 110 m hurdles at the Pan American Games.
A year later, at the Rome Olympics he was third behind teammates Lee Calhoun and Willie May, after which many observers believed he had reached his peak performance. But he returned to the 1964 Olympic Games in Tokyo, where he won the gold medal and his teammate Blaine Lindgren won the silver. Jones also ran on a 4 × 100 m relay team that set a world record in 1961.After retiring from competition, Jones became New York City's director of recreation in 1967. He has worked for American Airlines and owned his own baggage check-in service at Detroit Metropolitan Airport.

 Politics 
From January 2005 through March 2006, Jones served as the director of the Oakland County Department of Economic Development & Community Affairs. In 2006 he left Oakland County to run for State Representative in Pontiac, Michigan to finish the term vacated by newly elected Pontiac Mayor Clarence Phillips and to win a full two-year term starting in January 2007. Jones was on the primary ballot twice; the first to finish the term left vacant by Phillips, and second, to be the Democratic candidate for the full two-year term in the general election. Oddly Jones won the right to be the Democratic candidate for the remainder of the two months left on Phillips' term while Tim Melton will be the Democratic candidate for the full two-year term.On July 1, 2007, Jones assumed the position of General Manager of SMART (Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation), the public transit operator serving suburban Detroit, Michigan.

 Personal life 
In 2003 Jones married Rhonda, they live in Pontiac. Jones has two children and three grandchildren.

 References 

 External links 
Hayes Jones at the USATF Hall of Fame

Earl McCullouch
Earl R. McCullouch (born January 10, 1946) is a retired American football wide receiver.  McCullouch was the world record holder for the 110 meter men's high hurdle sprint from July 1967 to July 1969. When attending the University of Southern California, McCullouch was a member of the USC Trojan Football teams (wide receiver) and the USC Track & Field teams (120 yard high hurdles and 4×110 sprint relay) in 1967 and 1968. The USC Track 4×110 yard relay team, for which McCullouch ran the start leg, set the world record in 1967 that remains today, as the metric 4 × 100 m relay is now the commonly contested event.

 High school career 
McCullouch attended Long Beach Polytechnic High School. He tied the national high school record (also held by Don Castronovo from Oceanside High School in Oceanside, New York, and Steve Caminiti from Crespi Carmelite High School in Encino, California) in the 180 yard low hurdles at 18.1. The record was never broken and the event was discontinued in regular high school competition in 1974. He swept both the 120 yard high hurdles and the 180 low hurdles at the CIF California State Meet in 1964 (defeating Caminiti).In 1964 McCullouch was named Co-Athlete of the Year in the California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) Southern Section by the Helms Athletic Foundation.  He earned the award in conjunction with pole vaulter Paul Wilson.

 College career 
Next he attended community college and played football at Long Beach City College, before transferring to the University of Southern California.
McCullouch played college football at the University of Southern California, where he was part of the 1967 National Championship team. He was one of five  USC Trojans players taken in the first round of the 1968 NFL Draft after his senior year.  McCullouch was known for having elite sprinter speed and used it on both the track and the football field. Wearing No. 22 during the 1967 and 1968 seasons, McCulloch played wide receiver on an offensive USC Trojan Football squad that featured tailback  O. J. Simpson.  Defensive coverages had difficulty covering McCullouch in pass routes and chasing him after pass completions due to his sprinter's speed. McCullouch also provided down-field blocking on break-away plays, often for 1968  Heisman Trophy winner Simpson.
As a member of the USC Track & Field team, McCulloch was the NCAA 110 Yard High Hurdle champion in 1967 and 1968, the NCAA 60 yard indoor high hurdle champion in 1968, and was the lead leg sprinter of the USC NCAA 4 X 110 yard sprint relay team in 1967 and 1968 (the team also featured Simpson and future Olympian sprinter Lennox Miller).  The USC Trojan sprint relay team (McCulloch, Fred Kuller, Simpson, and Lennox Miller – in order) set a 4 X 110 yard sprint relay world record (38.6 sec.) in the 1967 NCAA Track & Field Championships in Provo, Utah on June 17, 1967.  In the era of metric-distance sprint world records, this world record still stands today and is likely not to be broken.
McCullough was on the cover of the April 1968 issue of Track and Field News.

 Professional career 
As the world record holder and National Champion in the hurdles, McCullouch was a favorite for the Olympic Gold Medal.  In 1968, the Olympic Trials held a Semi-Final event a week after the National Championships.  There, Campbell hit several hurdles and finished poorly in 7th place.  The final Olympic Trials and Olympics were scheduled for late in the year, September and October respectively, well into the football season.  And while the Olympics meant glory, there was no money to be made in the amateur days of the Olympics.  McCullouch had a tough choice between his two sports.  He chose to enter the NFL draft.  Willie Davenport went on to win both the trials and the Olympics.  A year later, Davenport finally beat McCullouch's world record.
McCullouch was drafted by the Detroit Lions as their second pick of the first round (24th overall).  By the time the Olympic races rolled around, Detroit had already played 5 official games of the regular season and was about to take the lead in the Central Division.  By that time, McCullouch had already amassed 419 yards receiving and scored three touchdowns, including an 80-yard reception, from the Lions' other first round pick Greg Landry, in his first NFL game.  He finished the season with 680 yards receiving, plus another 13 in 3 rushing attempts, 5 touchdowns and a 43-yard per touch average and was named the NFL Rookie of the Year in 1968.  He played 7 seasons for the Lions between 1968 and 1973, then finished off his career with a non-productive season with the New Orleans Saints in 1974.

 References 

 External links 
California State Records before 2000
Database Football
NFL.com
Pro Football Reference
LBCC Hall of Champions
The Races of Earl McCullouch (Internet Archive)
USC Track

Lee McRae
Lee McRae (born January 23, 1966) is a retired track and field athlete from the United States who won the gold medal in the men's 100 metres at the 1987 Pan American Games.  Lee won three consecutive NCAA indoor national championships (1986–1988) in the 55 meters and the 1986 NCAA Outdoor National Championship in the 100 meters while at the University of Pittsburgh. As a sophomore at Pitt in 1986, he broke Carl Lewis's 55 meter indoor world record by finishing in 6.00 seconds.A native of Pembroke, North Carolina, McRae attended West Robeson High School.He was a very fast starter; this ability enabled him to win major titles indoors and as a first leg runner in the U.S 4 × 100 m relay team.

 Personal bests 
60 yd — 5.99
55 m — 6.00 (Former World Record)
60 m — 6.50 (Former World Record)
100 m — 10.07 (Universiade record)
200 m — 20.50/20.44w

 References 

Lee McRae at World Athletics 
Profile
The International Track and Field Annual 1987/8 (ISBN 0-671-69917-2)

Randy Matson
James Randel "Randy" Matson (born March 5, 1945) is an American track and field athlete who mostly competed in the shot put. Matson won a silver medal at the 1964 and a gold medal at the 1968 Olympics.

 Early years 
The son of Charles and Ellen Matson, Randy Matson was reared in Pampa, the seat of Gray County in the Texas Panhandle. At the age of twelve, he participated in his first track meet.  He won the 50-yard dash, the 100-yard dash, the long jump and the high jump and finished sixth in the shot put.  He attended Pampa High School, where he was a three-sport standout in American football, basketball, and track and field.  He won All-District football honors, and was a two-time All-District and one-time All-State basketball player, averaging 15 points per game.  In track and field, he was a two-time State Champion in both the shot put and the discus and could run the 100 yard dash in 10.2 seconds.  This led him to be named an All-State and All-American in track and field. He was Track and Field News "High School Athlete of the Year" in 1963. Matson was also named Track and Field News' Men's Athlete of the Year in 1970.

 Amateur career 
Matson is one of the greatest shot putters in the history of the sport, based predominantly on his one meter improvement of the world record in 1965.  He attended Texas A&M University, where he continued to work on his shot put skills, and in his first full year of using the heavier college (adult or Senior) shot (16 pounds), Matson won the Olympic Silver Medal in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics.
From 1965 through 1971, Matson entered 79 competitions, winning 73. During a two-month span in 1965 he broke the world record three times, adding over two feet to the previous mark, until it stood at 21.52 m (70 ft 7 in). During this time he had a considerable rivalry with Neal Steinhauer, but usually came out on top.
Matson earned his BBA in marketing from Texas A&M in 1967. He was selected in the 5th round (120th pick overall) by the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League, and the 11th round (122nd overall) by the Seattle SuperSonics of the National Basketball Association. Matson turned down both opportunities to concentrate on track and field.
Matson improved his world record to 21.78 m (71 ft 5 in) in 1967, and was rewarded with the James E. Sullivan Award, given to the nation's outstanding amateur athlete.  He earned the Olympic Gold Medal at the Mexico City Games in 1968, and was named the 1970 Track and Field News Athlete of the Year.  He was on the June 1970 and January 1971 covers of Track and Field News.In 1967 he threw the discus to within three inches (8 cm) of the (then) world record, and was briefly considered as a possible double Olympic champion in shot and discus—like Bud Houser in 1924—but Matson only competed in the shot in Mexico City. On that same day Matson put the shot over 70 feet three times and the discus over 200 feet three times.
He narrowly missed making the 1972 Olympic team when he finished fourth at the Olympic Trials. Matson retired after that contest as the only man who, up to that time, had ever put the shot over 70 feet.  He was inducted into the Texas A&M Hall of Fame in 1972, the Texas Sports Hall of Fame in 1974, the National Sports Hall of Fame in 1981, the National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1984, the National High School Sports Hall of Fame in 1988 and the Texas Track and Field Coaches Hall of Fame in 2012.

 Career highlights 
Personal Record: 21.78 m (71 ft 5 in)
Olympic Gold Medal, 1968: 20.54 m (67 ft 5 in)
Olympic Silver Medal, 1964: 20.20 m (66 ft 3 in)
US National Champion in 1964, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1970, and 1972
NCAA Shot Put Champion 1966 and 1967
NCAA Discus Champion 1966 and 1967
Broke Shot Put World Record four times – annual bests for those years:
1965: 21.52 m (70 ft 7 in)
1967: 21.78 m (71 ft 5 in)

 Post-retirement 
Matson has dedicated his post-sports career to Texas A&M University.  He joined The Association of Former Students in 1972, and served as their executive director from 1979 until his retirement in 1999; he was subsequently honored to be chosen the keynote speaker for the 2000 Aggie Muster held on the A&M campus.
In 2003, the Texas A&M Foundation created the post of Senior Philanthropic Officer for him.  Once the foundation had completed its One Spirit One Vision fundraising campaign in 2007, far exceeding its goal, Matson announced his resignation.  He had suffered from heart trouble in 2004 and wished to spend more time with his six young grandchildren.
Matson is married to the former Margaret Burns, a 1966 graduate of Abilene Christian University, where she served as a cheerleader.  They have three children, Jessica, who is married to Russell Camp of Amarillo, Jim, and Cole, all of whom graduated from Texas A&M. Matson and his family live in College Station, Texas.

 References 

 External links 
Randy Matson at Mt. San Antonio College Relays Athletes Hall of Fame Archived 2006-09-14 at the Wayback Machine
Randy Matson at World Athletics 
Randy Matson at the USATF Hall of Fame 
James Randel Matson at Olympics.comRandy Matson at Olympic.org (archived)
Randy Matson at Olympedia

BeeJay Lee
Bernard "BeeJay" Robert Lee Jr. (born March 5, 1993) is an American track and field sprinter who specializes in the 100 m and 200 m. He was a member of the USA team in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics in London, UK. He ran in the winning semi-final, and received a silver medal after the team placed second in the final.

 Biography 

 Early life 
Beejay Lee grew up as one of five children of Bernard Lee and Karen Lee in the Californian city of West Covina. There he attended West Covina High School and participated in the athletics competitions.

 College 
After studying communication and journalism at the University of New Mexico, he joined the University of Southern California in 2013, running for the USC Trojans until his final season representing the school in 2015.

 Professional track career 
At the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto, he finished sixth in 100 m, eighth in the 200 m, and won gold with the USA team in the 4 × 100 m relay.

 Statistics 
Information from IAAF profile or Track & Field Results Reporting System unless otherwise noted.

 Personal bests 

 Seasonal bests 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
BeeJay Lee at World Athletics 
BeeJay Lee at www.USATF.org
BeeJay Lee profile at TFRRS (USC Trojans)
BeeJay Lee profile at TFRRS (New Mexico Lobos)
BeeJay Lee at Team USA (archive)
BeeJay Lee at the Toronto 2015 Pan American Games (archived)

Jan Merrill
Janice "Jan" Melbourne Merrill (born June 18, 1956) is a retired American runner.  She was the dominant long distance runner of the middle 1970s, a notable front runner, her uniform with the large "M" on her chest would usually break away to an insurmountable lead in domestic meets.  She was equally untouchable in self-promotion or dealing with the media, often deferring to her coach, Norm Higgins.  At various points in time she held the American record  in the 1500 meters (4:02.61 set on July 29, 1976) during the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, the 3,000 meters and 5,000 meters.  She lost other record opportunities because the only times she could get a decent race in the United States was against men.She won the U.S. title at 1500 meters twice outdoors, 3000 meters 4 times, twice in the indoor mile, twice in the indoor 2 mile and twice in Cross Country. After retiring from competitions she became a high school and college track coach.

 Achievements 

 References 

Shamier Little
Shamier Little (born March 20, 1995) is an American track and field sprinter specializing in the 400 metres hurdles. As a 20-year-old college sophomore at Texas A&M University, Little was the 2015 US champion. She then went on to win the silver medal in her signature event at the 2015 and 2023 World Championships. In July 2021, she became the fifth fastest woman of all time at the event.

 Prep 
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, Little is the child of athletic parents, her father a football cornerback and her mother a star basketball player and high jumper at Eastern Kentucky University. Shamier began participating in youth track and field as an 8 year old. She made her first appearance at the national level at the 2004 USATF Youth Championships as a 100 meter sprinter running for the University of Chicago Youth Track Club. She regularly participated in all comers track meets. Later Little ran for the Country Club Hills Gazelles both in USATF  and AAU competitions. None of her early youth competitions could be labeled exceptional.
At Robert Lindblom Math & Science Academy in Chicago, Little got more serious setting the IHSA Class 2A records in 100 meters hurdles, 200 meters and 400 meters. She won the 2011 AAU Junior Olympics at 400 hurdles. In 2012, she won the Arcadia Invitational in the 400 meters, which she repeated in 2013.  She won the Junior National Championships in 400 hurdles, which qualified her for the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics, but she did not finish the final, falling over the last hurdle while in medal contention.  In 2013, Little tried 100 meters hurdles and 400 at the National Championships, finishing off the podium in both.

 Career 
After high school, Little chose to go to Texas A&M University. As a freshman, she won the NCAA Championships at 400 hurdles and helped her team get second place in the 4 × 400 meters relay. Later that summer, she won the 2014 World Junior Championships in the 400 hurdles.In 2015, before winning the national championship against the big girls, she repeated as NCAA Champion, running the #1 time worldwide to that point in the season. The National Championship offered Little an invitation to run in the 2015 Pan American Games, where she took the gold medal.
In 2016, Little won a third consecutive NCAA 400 m hurdles champion title.

 Achievements 
All information taken from World Athletics profile.

 Personal bests 

 International competitions 

 Circuit wins 
Diamond League meetings400 metres hurdles wins, other events specified in parentheses2016: Zürich Weltklasse
2018: Lausanne Athletissima, London Anniversary Games
2019: Lausanne
2023: Rabat Meeting International (SB)

 National and NCAA titles 
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
400 m hurdles: 2015, 2018, 2023
NCAA Division I Women's Outdoor Track and Field Championships
400 m hurdles: 2014, 2015, 2016

 References 

 External links 

Shamier Little at World Athletics
Shamier Little at www.USATF.org
Shamier Little at Diamond League
Shamier Little at the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee (archived)

Roger Kingdom
Roger Kingdom  (born August 26, 1962) is an American former sprint hurdler who was twice Olympic champion in the 110 meters. Kingdom set a world record of 12.92 in 1989. He is now an athletics coach and strength and conditioning coach who currently works as a speed and conditioning coach for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL.

 Early life and athletics 
Born in Vienna, Georgia, an athlete of note Kingdom excelled at the high jump and discus in his formative years as well as being a noteworthy American football player. He attended the University of Pittsburgh originally on a football scholarship but excelled on the school's track team winning the NCAA outdoor national championship in the 110 meter hurdles in 1983 and the NCAA indoor national championship in the 55 meter hurdles in 1984.
He had a long and distinguished career on the track in the 110 meter high hurdles, winning his first Olympic gold medal in the 1984 Summer Olympics. In 1988, he was unbeaten all season and was the favorite to retain his Olympic title in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. In a stunning display of technique, power, and speed, he won by three meters, becoming the first man to run below the 13 second barrier in an Olympic final, running 12.98s. This record stood until 1996 when Allen Johnson broke it at the Atlanta Games. Kingdom is only the second athlete to have successfully defended his 110 m hurdle Olympic title, after Lee Calhoun, who won the gold medal in both 1956 and 1960.
Kingdom set a 110 m high hurdles World Record of 12.92 seconds in Zürich, Switzerland in 1989. This stood until August 20, 1993 when it was beaten by 1/100th of a second by Colin Jackson of Great Britain in Stuttgart, Germany, a subsequent record that stood for 13 years.
His progress was hampered some in 1991 when he underwent surgery to repair ACL damage and remove bone chips from his knee. He returned to competition to win the gold medal in the 1995 Pan American Games and the bronze medal in the 1995 World Championships in Athletics.
Kingdom retired from active athletic competition in 1999.
In 2006, Kingdom was inducted into the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame. He was inducted along with NFL's Bap Manzini and MLB's Jim Russell.
In 2018, Kingdom was included in the inaugural class of the University of Pittsburgh Pitt Athletics Hall of Fame

 Coaching 
Kingdom joined the California University of Pennsylvania's athletics staff as an assistant Track & Field and Cross Country coach in 2004. He then became the director of both teams in 2006.
On March 6, 2014, Kingdom was hired as the assistant strength and conditioning coach for the NFL's Arizona Cardinals. Kingdom worked with head strength and conditioning coach Buddy Morris, his own strength coach at the University of Pittsburgh, and focused on improving the team's speed.Kingdom then spent the 2018 season as the Interim Director of Track & Field/Cross Country at the University of Central Florida
In 2019, Kingdom returned to the NFL as the speed and conditioning coach of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. In Tampa, he again worked under head coach Bruce Arians, who was the Cardinals’ head coach during Kingdom’s tenure in Arizona.In 2021, Kingdom won a Super Bowl title in Super Bowl LV.

 Personal life 
Kingdom is a member of Omega Psi Phi fraternity.
He currently resides in Orlando, Florida with his wife, Mary. They have three daughters: Jierra, Cierra and Carina.

 Achievements 
(110 m hurdles unless stated)

1983
1983 NCAA Outdoor Track and Field Championship
collegiate national champion, 13.53 sec.
1983 Pan American Games - Caracas, Venezuela
gold medal 13.44 seconds
1984
1984 NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championship
55m hurdles collegiate national champion, 7.08 sec
1984 Summer Olympics - Los Angeles, U.S.
gold medal 13.20 sec.
1988
1988 Summer Olympics - Seoul, South Korea
gold medal 12.98 sec.
1989
1989 IAAF World Cup - Barcelona, Spain
gold medal 12.87 sec. Wind Aided
1989 IAAF World Indoor Championships - Budapest, Hungary
60 m hurdles gold medal 7.43 sec.
1990
Goodwill Games - Seattle, USA
gold medal 13.47 sec.
1995
1995 World Championships in Athletics - Gothenburg, Sweden
bronze medal 13.19 sec.

 See also 
Olympic medalists in athletics

 References 

 External links 
Georgia Sports Hall of Fame
Roger Kingdom highlights

Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Jacqueline Joyner-Kersee (born March 3, 1962) is a retired American track and field athlete, ranked among the all-time greats in the heptathlon as well as long jump. She won three gold, one silver, and two bronze Olympic medals in those two events at four different Olympic Games. Sports Illustrated for Women magazine voted Joyner-Kersee the Greatest Female Athlete of All-Time. She served on the board of directors for USA Track & Field (U.S.A.T.F.), the national governing body of the sport.Joyner-Kersee is an active philanthropist in children's education, racial equality and women's rights. She is a founder of the Jackie Joyner-Kersee Foundation, which encourages young people in East St. Louis to pursue athletics and academics. She collaborated with Comcast to create the Internet Essentials program in 2011, which provides high-speed internet access to low-income Americans.Joyner-Kersee is one of the most famous athletes to have overcome severe asthma. In March 2023, she was inducted into the International Sports Hall of Fame.

 Early life 
Jacqueline Joyner was born March 3, 1962, in East St. Louis, Illinois, and was named after Jacqueline Kennedy, the First Lady of the United States. As a high school athlete at East St. Louis Lincoln Senior High School, she qualified for the finals in the long jump at the 1980 Olympic Trials, finishing 8th behind another high schooler, Carol Lewis.  She was inspired to compete in multi-disciplinary track & field events after seeing a movie about Babe Didrikson Zaharias. Didrikson, the track star, basketball player, and pro golfer, was chosen the "Greatest Female Athlete of the First Half of the 20th Century. Fifteen years later, Sports Illustrated for Women magazine voted Joyner-Kersee the greatest female athlete of all time, just ahead of Zaharias.

 UCLA 
Jackie Joyner attended college at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) where she starred in both track & field and in women's basketball from 1980 to 1985 and graduated with a bachelor's in history in 1986. She was a starter in her forward position for each of her first three seasons (1980–81, 81–82, and 82–83) as well as in her senior (fifth) year, 1984–1985. She had red-shirted during the 1983–1984 academic year to concentrate on the heptathlon for the 1984 Summer Olympics.
She won the Broderick Award, (now the Honda Sports Award) as the nation's best female collegiate track and field competitor in 1983 and in 1985, and was awarded the Honda-Broderick Cup, given to the nation's best female collegiate athlete in 1985.She scored 1,167 points during her collegiate career, which places her 19th all time for the Bruins games. The Bruins advanced to the West Regional semi-finals of the 1985 NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Tournament before losing to eventual runner-up Georgia.She was honored on February 21, 1998 as one of the 15 greatest players in UCLA women's basketball. In April 2001, Joyner-Kersee was voted the "Top Woman Collegiate Athlete of the Past 25 Years." The vote was conducted among the 976 NCAA member schools.

 UCLA statistics 
Source

 Competition 

 1984 Summer Olympics 
Joyner competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and won the silver medal in the heptathlon. She was the favorite heading into the event, but finished five points behind Australian Glynis Nunn. She also placed fifth in the long jump.

 1986 Goodwill Games 
Joyner was the first woman to score over 7,000 points in a heptathlon event (during the 1986 Goodwill Games). In 1986, she received the James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States.

 1988 Summer Olympics 
Now known as Jackie Joyner-Kersee after marrying her coach Bob Kersee, she entered the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, Korea and earned gold medals in both the heptathlon and the long jump. At the Games, she set the still-standing heptathlon world record of 7,291 points. The silver and bronze medalists were Sabine John and Anke Vater-Behmer, both of whom were representing East Germany. Five days later, Joyner-Kersee won her second gold medal, leaping to an Olympic record of 7.40 m (24 ft 3+1⁄4 in) in the long jump. She was the first American woman to earn a gold medal in long jump as well as the first American woman to earn a gold medal in heptathlon.
At the Games she faced unfounded allegations of drug use by the men's 800m 1984 Olympic gold medalist and 1988 Olympic silver medalist Joaquim Cruz. This continued the following season in 1989 when Darrell Robinson accused her husband and coach, Bobby Kersee, of distributing performance-enhancing drugs. Years later, doping insider Victor Conte asserted that in 1988 he personally witnessed an Olympic official at the Seoul games notifying Bobby Kersee that Joyner-Kersee had tested positive for PED use.

 1991 World Championships 
Joyner-Kersee was everyone's favorite to retain both her World titles earned four years earlier in Rome. However, her challenge was dramatically halted when, having won the long jump easily with a 7.32 m (24 ft 1⁄4 in) jump no one would beat, she slipped on the take-off board and careened headfirst into the pit, avoiding serious injury. She did, however, strain a hamstring, which led to her having to pull out of the heptathlon during the 200 m at the end of the first day.

 1992 Summer Olympics 
In the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, Joyner-Kersee earned her second Olympic gold medal in the heptathlon.  She also won the bronze medal in the long jump which was won by her friend Heike Drechsler of Germany.

 1996 Summer Olympics 
At the Olympic Trials, Joyner-Kersee sustained an injury to her right hamstring. When the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta began, Joyner-Kersee was not fully recovered by the time the heptathlon started. After running the first event, the 100 m hurdles, the pain was unbearable and she withdrew. She was able to recover well enough to compete in the long jump and qualify for the final, but was in sixth place in the final with one jump remaining. Her final jump of 7.00 m (22 ft 11+1⁄2 in) was long enough for her to win the bronze medal. The Atlanta Olympics was the last Olympics of Joyner-Kersee's long competitive career.

 Professional basketball career 
In 1996 Joyner-Kersee signed on to play pro basketball for the Richmond Rage of the fledgling American Basketball League. Although she was very popular with the fans, she was less successful on the court. She appeared in only 17 games, and scored no more than 15 points in any game.

 1998 Goodwill Games 
Returning to track, Joyner-Kersee won the heptathlon at the 1998 Goodwill Games, scoring 6,502 points.

 2000 Olympic trials 
Two years after retiring, Joyner-Kersee tried to qualify for the long jump event at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, Australia. She placed sixth at 21–10 ¾.

 Awards and honors 
1983 Broderick Award (now Honda Sports Award)
1985 Broderick Award (now Honda Sports Award)
1986 James E. Sullivan Award
1986 Jesse Owens Award
1987 Jesse Owens Award
1988 Missouri Athletic Club Jack Buck Awards: Sports Personality of the Year Award and Carl O. Bauer Award
1992 George Thomas "Mickey" Leland Award from the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation
1997 Jack Kelly Fair Play Award
2000 St. Louis Walk of Fame inductee
2005 was inducted as a Laureate of The Lincoln Academy of Illinois and awarded the Order of Lincoln (the State's highest honor) by the Governor of Illinois in the area of Sports
2010 NCAA Silver Anniversary Awards honoree
2011 Dick Enberg Award, College Sports Information Director of America (CoSIDA)
2021 Webster University Doctor of Humane LettersSince 1981, the Jesse Owens Award is given by USATF (and before its renaming, TAC) the United States' track and field "athlete of the year".  In 1996, the award was split to be given to the top athlete of each gender.  In 2013, the Female award was renamed the Jackie Joyner-Kersee Award.

 Current world records 
To date, Joyner-Kersee holds the world record in heptathlon along with the top six all-time best results whilst her long jump record of 7.49 m is second on the long jump all-time list. In addition to heptathlon and long jump, she was a world class athlete in 100 m hurdles and 200 meters being as of June 2006 in top 60 all time in those events.
Sports Illustrated voted her the greatest female athlete of the 20th century.
Joyner-Kersee has consistently maintained that she has competed throughout her career without performance-enhancing drugs.

 Personal bests 
Personal bests
100 metres hurdles : 12.61 s
Long jump : 7.49 m (still currently #2 all time, 3 cm behind the world record and she did it twice)
High jump : 1.93 m
200 m : 22.30 s
Shot put : 16.84 m
Javelin throw : 50.12 m
800 m : 2 min 8.51 s

 TV appearances 
In 2000, Joyner-Kersee played herself in an episode of The Jersey called "Legacy" where Nick Lighter (played by Michael Galeota) uses a magical jersey by jumping into her body as he is coached by her husband (Bob Kersee as himself) on how to put the shot for a track and field competition.
In 2023, Joyner-Kersee appeared on the PBS program Groundbreakers, hosted by Billie Jean King. She and other female athletes had one on one discussions about accomplishments in women's sports.

 Personal life 
Jackie's brother is the Olympic champion triple jumper Al Joyner, who was married to Olympic track champion Florence Griffith Joyner. Jackie married her track coach, Bob Kersee, in 1986.In 1988, Joyner-Kersee established the Jackie Joyner-Kersee Foundation, which provides youth, adults, and families with athletic, academic lessons and the resources to improve their quality of life with special attention directed to East St. Louis, Illinois. In 2007, Jackie Joyner-Kersee along with Andre Agassi, Muhammad Ali, Lance Armstrong, Warrick Dunn, Mia Hamm, Jeff Gordon, Tony Hawk, Andrea Jaeger, Mario Lemieux, Alonzo Mourning, and Cal Ripken Jr. founded Athletes for Hope, a charitable organization that helps professional athletes get involved in charitable causes and inspires millions of non-athletes to volunteer and support the community.

 References 

 External links 

Jackie Joyner-Kersee at World Athletics 
Jackie Joyner-Kersee at the USATF Hall of Fame
Jackie Joyner-Kersee at the Team USA Hall of Fame (archive July 20, 2023)
Jackie Joyner-Kersee at usolympicteam.com at the Wayback Machine (archived August 20, 2004)
Jackie Joyner-Kersee at Olympics.com Jackie Joyner-Kersee at Olympic.org (archived) 
The Jackie Joyner Kersee Foundation, which helps children and adults in the East St. Louis, Illinois/St. Louis, Missouri area

Christina Warren
Christina Warren (born November 12, 1982), is an American developer advocate, podcaster, and writer. She wrote for Mashable, The Unofficial Apple Weblog, and Downloadsquad.

 Work 
Warren began her career as a freelance writer for USA Today in 2007, where she wrote about American Idol as an "Idol Coach". In 2009, she wrote for The Unofficial Apple Weblog and DownloadSquad.com. She was a co-host on the DownloadSquad's show, The Squadcast.In 2009, Warren joined Mashable as a staff writer focusing on Apple, mobile tech and products.In 2014, she appeared on CNN to discuss the Ebola outbreak and the role of social media in sharing information related to the epidemic.In August 2016, Warren had left Mashable to join Gizmodo "as senior technology writer, a role that will see her as a marquis [sic] voice in defining Gizmodo's point of view on the major stories of the day".She is a co-host of multiple podcast shows covering popular culture and technology. She co-hosts the technology-focused show Rocket on the Relay FM podcast network alongside Brianna Wu and Simone de Rochefort. In 2014, she started the Overtired podcast with Brett Terpstra on the Electronic Shadow Network. Warren has interviewed many well-known members of the tech industry including Fred Wilson, venture capitalist and Jony Ive, Chief Design Officer at Apple Inc.In August 2016, Warren starred in a music video by the indie rock band Airplane Mode.As of May 22, 2017, she was working for Microsoft as a Senior Cloud Developer Advocate where she, among other things, hosted This Week in Channel 9.In March 2022, Christina moved to GitHub as a Senior Developer Advocate.

 Personal life 
Born in Lawrenceville, Georgia on November 12, 1982, Christina Warren currently resides in Seattle, Washington with her husband, Grant.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Christina Warren on Twitter

Hazen, Arkansas
Hazen is a city in Prairie County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,481 at the 2020 census.

 Geography 
Hazen is located at 34°47′47″N 91°34′0″W (34.796306, -91.566536).According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 3.7 square miles (9.6 km2), all land. Included is a 0.25-mile wide strip of annexed land along Interstate 40, from Prairie County's western border to the White River. Because of this small access to the Interstate this area is known as a speedtrap for motorists. Nearby towns are Des Arc, De Valls Bluff, Ulm and Fredonia (Biscoe).

 Demographics 

 2020 census 
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 1,481 people, 601 households, and 397 families residing in the city.

 2000 census 
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,637 people, 658 households, and 461 families residing in the city.  The population density was 446.8 inhabitants per square mile (172.5/km2).  There were 732 housing units at an average density of 199.8 per square mile (77.1/km2).  The racial makeup of the city was 80.57% White, 18.45% Black or African American, 0.55% Native American, and 0.43% from two or more races.  0.79% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 658 households, out of which 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were married couples living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.8% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.88.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 24.4% under the age of 18, 6.5% from 18 to 24, 25.7% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 90.3 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.1 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $29,800, and the median income for a family was $35,990. Males had a median income of $28,958 versus $19,792 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,805.  About 13.1% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 18.6% of those age 65 or over.

 Education 
Public education for elementary and secondary school students is provided by the Hazen School District, which leads to graduation from Hazen High School.  The district and high school mascot and athletic emblem is the Hornet with purple and white serving as the school colors.

 Climate 
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.  According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Hazen has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

 In Popular culture 
The city of Hazen and its police department are featured in the Reelz documentary series On Patrol: Live. It is also the central setting for the HBO documentary entitled The Invisible Pilot.

 Notable people 
Gary Betzner, infamous international drug smuggler, lived and crop-dusted in Hazen until his mysterious disappearance in 1977.
John Hancock, an American film and television actor, born in Hazen in 1941
Bill Sample, Republican member of both houses of the Arkansas General Assembly from Hot Springs, born in Hazen in 1946
Samuel Weems, disbarred lawyer and mayoral candidate,   Armenian genocide denier, born in Hazen in 1936

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Hazen, Arkansas at Wikimedia Commons

John Barrow (American politician)
John Jenkins Barrow (born October 31, 1955) is an American politician who was the U.S. representative for Georgia's 12th congressional district from 2005 to 2015. The district includes much of the Georgia side of the Central Savannah River Area and includes counties as far south as Coffee County and as far west as Laurens County. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
As a Democratic congressman in an increasingly Republican district, Barrow was targeted for defeat by Republican strategists from the time he was first elected. Twice the GOP-controlled Georgia General Assembly redrew his district, forcing him to move first from Athens to Savannah and then from Savannah to Augusta to remain a resident of his district. He was ultimately defeated in his 2014 bid for re-election.Barrow was the Democratic nominee for Georgia Secretary of State in 2018, but lost in a run-off election.

 Education, early career, and family 
Barrow was born in Athens, Georgia, to Judge James Barrow and his wife, Phyllis (Jenkins) Barrow, who both had served as military officers during World War II. His family has deep roots in the Athens area, and according to his staff he is a great-great-nephew of David Crenshaw Barrow Jr., for whom nearby Barrow County was named. Through his Barrow ancestors he is related to 19th-century Georgia Gov. Wilson Lumpkin.
Barrow graduated from the University of Georgia with a political science degree in 1976. While a student, he was a member of the university's Demosthenian Literary Society. In 1979, he earned a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School. After graduation, he entered private practice as a lawyer, working until his election to public office. Barrow is married to the former Angèle Hawkins of Atlanta. Together they have 5 children: Charlie, Manette, Alex, James, and Ruth.
Barrow is a Baptist.

 Athens-Clarke County politics 
In 1990, voters from the City of Athens and Clarke County voted to consolidate the two governing bodies. Barrow was elected to the newly created Athens-Clarke County Commission, representing the county's fourth district. He won re-election in 1992, 1996, and in 2000.

 U.S. House of Representatives 

 Legislation 
Barrow sponsored 59 bills of his own, including:

 109th Congress (2005–2006) 
H.R. 2073, a bill to create a tax credit for businesses with no more than 50 employees equal to 50% of the amount paid by the employer for health insurance coverage for the business's employees, introduced May 4, 2005. A version of this tax credit would later be included as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA).
H.R. 5694, introduced June 28, 2006, reintroduced in the 110th Congress as H.R. 1473, the 111th Congress as H.R. 1662 and the 112th Congress as H.R. 4283, a bill to require states to recommend the purchasing of liability insurance for child care centers, and to require child care centers to disclose whether the center carries current liability insurance 1) publicly and conspicuously in the service area of the premises of the center, and 2) in a written notice to each child's parents or legal guardian. Child care centers would be required to receive a signature from at least one of the child's parents verifying that he or she has received the notice, and would be required to maintain records of these signatures while the child is receiving care and for one year thereafter. While this bill has yet to become law, many states, including Georgia, have adopted their own versions of it.

 110th Congress (2007–2008) 
H.R. 1563, a bill to require Medicare Advantage organizations to provide at least the same amount provided under Medicare Part A or B if such services had been provided under either of those programs for critical access rural hospitals, introduced March 19, 2007
H.R. 2398, a bill to create the National Institute of Food and Agriculture to promote research aimed at improving agriculture, introduced June 21, 2007. This bill's provisions were included in the 2008 U.S. farm bill.
H.R. 3607, a bill to increase the allowable HOPE Scholarship tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000, allow it to be used for four taxable years, and allow it to include expenditures on books, classroom supplies, and housing, introduced September 20, 2007
H.R. 5897, a bill to create a registry of individuals exposed to excess formaldehyde in the Federal Emergency Management Agency's temporary housing units after Hurricane Katrina, to study the adverse effects of this excess exposure, and to provide free health care and counseling to individuals in the registry who are suffering from adverse effects of excess formaldehyde exposure linked to the temporary housing units, introduced April 24, 2008, reintroduced in the 111th Congress as H.R. 1661
H.R. 5918, a bill to create a program to make it easier for small businesses to provide health insurance coverage to their employees, introduced April 29, 2008. A version of this program would later be included as the PPACA's Small Business Health Options Program.

 111th Congress (2009–2010) 
H.R. 3652, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create minimum education and certification standards for physicians who administer medical imaging and radiation therapy, introduced September 25, 2009
H.R. 5594, a bill to create a program to award competitive grants to technical schools to pay for up to $2,000 in tuition costs for unemployed individuals enrolled or accepted at the school, introduced June 24, 2010, reintroduced in the 112th Congress as H.R. 2851

 112th Congress (2011–2012) 
H.R. 3121, a bill to require Congress to approve of any contract, grant, or loan awarded to any entity from the federal government if its value exceeds $100 million for a single fiscal year, introduced October 6, 2011
H.R. 4167, a bill to create a refundable tax credit for businesses whose employees' average wages rise in excess of inflation to partially offset these costs, up to a maximum of $500,000 per calendar year, introduced March 8, 2012
H.R. 6144, a bill to reduce the allowable amount of expenditures on new vehicles for federal employees, excluding vehicles acquired for national security purposes, introduced September 18, 2012
H.R. 6499, a bill to subject the pay of members of Congress to budgetary cuts under the Gramm–Rudman–Hollings Balanced Budget Act, introduced September 21, 2012

 113th Congress (2013–2014) 
H.R. 37, introduced January 3, 2013, a bill to repeal the employer mandate, individual mandate, and the Independent Payment Advisory Board of the PPACA, to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from awarding any type of financial assistance to any entity for the purpose of preventing or controlling air pollution if that financial assistance would be used outside of the United States, and to grant the Office of Management and Budget the authority to consolidate existing government agencies and programs if doing so would increase government efficiency. H.R. 37 also contains modified provisions of some bills sponsored by Barrow in the 112th Congress: H.R. 3121, 6144, and 6499.
H.R. 223, a bill to prohibit states from redrawing congressional districts more than once after each 10-year reapportionment unless ordered to do so by a court so that the districts comply with the U.S. Constitution and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, introduced January 14, 2013
H.R. 4331, a bill to reduce the number of limousines in the federal vehicle fleet by 50%, introduced March 27, 2014
H.R. 4591, introduced May 7, 2014, a bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to develop a strategy to deal with the country's skill gap (which the bill defines). H.R. 4591 also contains modified provisions of some bills sponsored by Barrow in the 111th and 112th Congresses: H.R. 5594 and 4167.

 Committee assignments 
Committee on Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Environment and Economy
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade
Subcommittee on Energy and Power
Subcommittee on Health

 Elections 

 2004 

In 2004, Barrow entered the Democratic primary for Georgia's 12th District.  The 12th had been one of the districts Georgia gained as a result of the 2000 United States Census, and stretched from Athens to Augusta.  The district, with its 40% African-American population, had supposedly been drawn for a Democrat.  However, Republican college professor Max Burns had won the seat in 2002 because of ethical questions surrounding the Charles "Champ" Walker, Jr., the Democratic nominee that year.  This time, however, Barrow won a four-way primary and went on to defeat Burns by 52% to 48%.

 2006 

At the same time Barrow was elected, the Republicans won control of both houses of the Georgia state legislature for the first time since Reconstruction.  One of their first acts was a rare mid-decade redistricting that targeted Barrow and the other white Democrat in the Georgia delegation, Jim Marshall.  One proposed map, seriously considered, would have drawn his home in Athens into the heavily Republican 9th District of seven-term incumbent Nathan Deal, while throwing the other half of Athens into the equally Republican 10th District of six-term incumbent Charlie Norwood.
The final plan was somewhat less draconian, but shifted all of Athens to the 10th District.  Rather than face certain defeat, Barrow moved from his ancestral home of Athens to Savannah in the newly redrawn 12th.  The new 12th was slightly less Democratic than its predecessor.  It now included several Republican-leaning Savannah suburbs that had previously been in the heavily Republican 1st District.  Barrow faced Burns in the general election and won by only 864 votes — the narrowest margin of any Democratic incumbent nationwide.  However, he trounced Burns in Chatham and Richmond counties — home to Democratic-leaning Savannah and Augusta, respectively (as well as more than half the district's population) — by a total of over 17,000 votes.
Barrow's 2006 candidacy faced not only the mid-decade redistricting but also two visits by President George W. Bush to the district, campaigning by national figures on behalf of Burns (including RNC Chair Ken Mehlman and U.S. Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert) and popular Governor Sonny Perdue's reelection bid.

 2008 

In the 2008 election, Barrow faced a primary challenge from State Senator Regina Thomas, who represents a majority-black district in Savannah. Barrow won the Democratic nomination with 76% of the vote over Thomas with 24% of the vote, 96% of the precincts reporting. He easily defeated his Republican challenger, former congressional aide John Stone, with 66% percent of the vote.

 Support for Obama 
Barrow aligned himself closely with Barack Obama during the 2008 presidential primary. He endorsed Obama months before he won enough delegates to clinch the nomination. Obama reciprocated by recording a sixty-second radio advertisement for Barrow, who was in a contested primary. Obama said, "We're going to need John Barrow back in Congress to help change Washington and get our country back on track." It was the first time Obama got involved with a Georgia election. Barrow later touted his supported from Obama in a direct-mail piece that said he works "hand-in-hand" with Obama.

 2010 

Barrow won re-election defeating Republican nominee Ray McKinney 57%-43%.

 Augusta Chronicle editorial 
In a 2010 editorial, the Augusta Chronicle called John Barrow "perhaps the most shameless, duplicitous, self-serving politician of his era."  The editorial was written after it was discovered that he sent two diametrically opposed mailers to voters in his district  - one saying he works "hand in hand" with President Obama, and another saying he "stood up" to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. In closing, the editorial stated: "That Mr. Barrow is two-faced has been revealed by his own hand. Why voters would reward that kind of disingenuous condescension is beyond us."

 2012 

Following the 2010 census, the Republican-controlled state legislature significantly altered the 12th.  It lost its share of Savannah, while gaining all of Augusta and most of its suburbs. However, a number of heavily Republican areas near Savannah remained in the 12th. On paper, the reconfigured 12th was strongly Republican; had it existed in 2008, John McCain would have carried it with 58 percent of the vote.  By comparison, Barack Obama carried the old 12th with 54 percent of the vote.  Since Barrow's home in Savannah was drawn into Jack Kingston's 1st district, he moved to Augusta in the reconfigured 12th and sought election there.
In April 2011, the National Journal named Barrow one of the ten most endangered Democrats.  However, in the general election, Barrow managed to defeat Republican State Representative Lee Anderson 54%-46%.  According to an editorial in the Augusta Chronicle, this was mainly because Anderson was almost invisible during the campaign; notably, he never debated Barrow. Mitt Romney won the district with 55 percent of the vote.

 2014 

In the 2014 Democratic primaries, Barrow went unopposed. Republican Rick W. Allen defeated John Barrow in the November 2014 elections.

 2018 

While considered to be a potential candidate for Governor of Georgia in the 2018 election, Barrow decided instead to pursue the office of Georgia Secretary of State. He announced his candidacy on September 24, 2017 and won the Democratic primary. Neither Barrow nor his Republican opponent, Brad Raffensperger, received 50% of the vote in the 2018 general election, so a run-off election was held. In that election, Barrow lost by approximately 57,000 votes.

 2020 
Barrow unsuccessfully ran for a seat on the Georgia Supreme Court that was made open by the retirement of Justice Robert Benham.

 Political views 
Barrow is a Blue Dog Democrat  as well as a member of the New Democrat Coalition.  Based on Barrow's bill sponsorship, the GovTrack website had classified him as a centrist Democrat.  Following the defeat of fellow Georgia Democrat Jim Marshall in 2010, he was the only white Democratic congressman from the Deep South.Barrow got a 75% rating from the NAACP, which indicates a "mixed record" on civil rights; 83% from U.S. Border Control, indicating a "sealed-border stance"; 25% from Americans United for Separation of Church and State, indicating a "mixed record on church-state separation"; 0% from Citizens for Tax Justice, indicating opposition to progressive tax structure; 100% from the Campaign for America's Future, indicating support for energy independence; -10 from NORML, indicating a "hard-on-drugs" stance; 36% from the National Right to Life Committee, indicating a mixed record on abortion.

 Health care 
In November 2009, Barrow was one of 39 Democrats to vote against the Affordable Health Care for America Act. In March 2010, he was one of 34 to vote against the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. The bill passed the House 219-212.
In January 2011, Barrow voted against repealing the law.

 Gun rights 
Rep. Barrow received more money from the NRA Political Victory Fund (NRA-PVF) during the 2014 election cycle than any other Democrat in the nation ($9,900). He was endorsed by the NRA-PVF with an "A+" rating.

 Gay rights 
Barrow voted to repeal "don't ask, don't tell," and he voted for the Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Act.  He supported conferring marriage benefits to same sex couples by means of civil unions but was opposed to gay marriage.  During his first campaign he was accused of flip-flopping on the issue of a proposed constitutional amendment that would ban same sex marriage, but he defended his position by explaining that the amendment he opposed would have prevented states from recognizing civil unions while the amendment he supported would have allowed states to recognize civil unions.  He voted to uphold the Defense of Marriage Act, which allowed states to recognize same-sex marriages but also allowed states to refuse to recognize same sex marriages granted under the laws of other states.

 Abortion 
Barrow's voting record on abortion is mixed.  In 2007, Barrow received a 100% approval rating from NARAL Pro-Choice America, a pro-choice group, and also received a 0% approval rating from the National Right to Life Committee, a pro-Life organization.  However, in 2006, he received only a 35% approval rating from NARAL, and in November 2009, he voted to allow insurance plans to offer abortion coverage, as long as it wasn't subsidized by the government.

 Stimulus spending 
Barrow voted for the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.  He was one of 44 Democrats in the House to vote against the American Clean Energy and Security Act, also known as the cap and trade bill.

 Intellectual property 
In 2011, Rep. Barrow became a co-sponsor of Bill H.R.3261 otherwise known as the Stop Online Piracy Act.

 References 

 External links 
John Barrow at Curlie

Biography at the Biographical Directory of the United States Congress
Financial information (federal office) at the Federal Election Commission
Legislation sponsored at the Library of Congress
Profile at Vote Smart
Appearances on C-SPAN

2021 Myanmar coup d'état
A coup d'état in Myanmar began on the morning of 1 February 2021, when democratically elected members of the country's ruling party, the National League for Democracy (NLD), were deposed by the Tatmadaw — Myanmar's military — which then vested power in a military junta. Acting president Myint Swe proclaimed a year-long state of emergency and declared power had been transferred to Commander-in-Chief of Defence Services Min Aung Hlaing. It declared the results of the November 2020 general election invalid and stated its intent to hold a new election at the end of the state of emergency. The coup d'état occurred the day before the Parliament of Myanmar was due to swear in the members elected at the 2020 election, thereby preventing this from occurring. President Win Myint and State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi were detained, along with ministers, their deputies, and members of Parliament.On 1 February 2021, Win Myint and Aung San Suu Kyi were arrested on charges that independent analysts regarded as part of an attempt to legitimize the military’s seizure of power. Both were remanded in custody for two weeks. Between 16 February and 1 April, five additional charges were leveled against Aung San Suu Kyi.Armed insurgencies by the People's Defence Force of the National Unity Government have erupted throughout Myanmar in response to the military government's crackdown on anti-coup protests.As of 29 March 2022, at least 1,719 civilians, including children, have been killed by the junta forces and 9,984 arrested. Three prominent NLD members also died while in police custody in March 2021, and four pro-democracy activists were executed by the junta in July 2022.In honour of Myanmar's 76th year of independence in January 2024, more than 9000 prisoners are slated to receive amnesty leading to their release from prison.

 Background 
Myanmar, also known as Burma, has been beset with political instability since it was granted independence from the United Kingdom in January 1948. Between 1958 and 1960, the military formed a temporary caretaker government at the behest of U Nu, the country's democratically elected prime minister, to resolve political infighting. The military voluntarily restored civilian government after holding the 1960 Burmese general election. Less than two years later, the military seized power in the 1962 coup, which under the leadership of Ne Win, precipitated 26 years of military rule.In 1988, nationwide protests broke out in the country. Dubbed the 8888 Uprising, the civil unrest was sparked by economic mismanagement, leading Ne Win to step down. In September 1988, the military's top leaders formed the State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC), which then seized power. Aung San Suu Kyi, the daughter of the country's modern founder Aung San, became a notable pro-democracy activist during this period. In 1990, free elections were allowed by the military, under the assumption that the military enjoyed popular support. Ultimately, the elections resulted in a landslide victory for Aung San Suu Kyi's party, the National League for Democracy. However, the military refused to cede power and placed her under house arrest.The military remained in power for another 22 years until 2011, following the military's roadmap to democracy, during which the 2008 Constitution of Myanmar was drafted. Between 2011 and 2015, a tentative democratic transition began, and elections held in 2015 resulted in a victory for Aung San Suu Kyi's party, the National League for Democracy (NLD). However, the military retained substantial power, including the right to appoint 1⁄4 of all parliament members.The 2021 coup occurred in the aftermath of the general election on 8 November 2020, in which the NLD won 396 out of 476 seats in parliament, an even larger margin of victory than in the 2015 election. The military's proxy party, the Union Solidarity and Development Party, won only 33 seats.The army disputed the results, claiming that the vote was fraudulent. The coup attempt had been rumored for several days, prompting statements of concern from Western nations such as the United Kingdom, France, the United States, and Australia.

 Unfolding of the coup 

 February 
On 1 February 2021, NLD spokesman Myo Nyunt said that Aung San Suu Kyi, Win Myint, Han Tha Myint, and other party leaders had been "taken" in an early morning raid. Myo Nyunt added that he expected to be also detained shortly. Numerous communications channels stopped working – phone lines to the capital, Naypyidaw, were interrupted, state-run MRTV said it was unable to broadcast due to "technical issues", and widespread Internet disruptions were reported beginning around 3 a.m. The military disrupted cellular services throughout the country, mirroring "kill switch" tactics previously employed in combat zones in Chin and Rakhine states. All the member banks under the Myanmar Banking Association suspended their financial services.Around 400 elected members of parliament (MPs) were placed under house arrest, confined to a government housing complex in Naypyidaw. Following the coup, the NLD arranged for the MPs to remain housed in the complex until 6 February. Social media users began calling on MPs to convene a parliamentary session within a government guesthouse, since the group met the Constitution's quorum requirements. In response, the military issued another order giving MPs 24 hours to leave the guesthouse premises. On 4 February 70 NLD MPs took an oath of office, in clear defiance of the coup.During the coup, soldiers also detained several Buddhist monks who had led the 2007 Saffron Revolution, including the Myawaddy Sayadaw and Shwe Nyar War Sayadaw, outspoken critics of the military. 8888 Uprising activist leaders, including Mya Aye, were also arrested. As of 4 February, the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners had identified 133 officials and lawmakers and 14 civil society activists in detention by the military as a result of the coup.
Soldiers were seen in Naypyidaw and the largest city, Yangon. The military subsequently announced on military-controlled Myawaddy TV that it had taken control of the country for one year. A statement signed by acting president Myint Swe declared that responsibility for "legislation, administration and judiciary" had been transferred to Min Aung Hlaing. The National Defence and Security Council – chaired by acting president Myint Swe and attended by top military officers – was convened, following which a statement was issued by the military declaring that fresh elections would be held, and that power would only be transferred after they had concluded. The military also announced the removal of 24 ministers and deputies, for whom 11 replacements were named. On 2 February 2021, Min Aung Hlaing established the State Administration Council, with 11 members, as the executive governing body.On 3 February 2021, Myanmar police filed criminal charges against Aung San Suu Kyi, accusing her of violating the Export and Import Law, for allegedly importing unlicensed communications devices used by her security detail, after conducting a raid on her home in the capital. The Export and Import Law carries a potential prison term of 3 years and/or a fine, and was previously used in 2017 to prosecute journalists for flying a drone above the Assembly of the Union. Meanwhile, Win Myint was charged with violating the Natural Disaster Management Law, specifically for waving at a passing NLD convoy in September 2020, thereby violating rules against election campaigning during the COVID-19 pandemic.On 6 February 2021, Sean Turnell, the Australian economic advisor to the civilian government, was arrested.On 8 February 2021 and 9 February 2021, the military government issued orders to impose curfew from 8:00 pm to 4:00 am in Yangon and other major cities and restrict gatherings of 5 or more people in the public spaces.On 9 February 2021, the NLD's headquarters in Yangon was raided by Myanmar police. Myanmar military regime distributed a draft for the controversial Cyber Security Law to internet service providers, asking them to provide comments by 15 February 2021. The law was widely criticised by IT communities as it violates human rights by putting citizens under digital surveillance and severely restricting freedom of speech. News of China's involvement in building the firewall were widely circulated among Myanmar social media users, which prompts protestors to demonstrate outside the Chinese Embassy. China denied the news as rumours.On 10 February 2021, civil servants at Kayah State protested against the coup, which also included police officers stationed there when they refused orders from their superior to return to work.On 12 February 2021, at midnight, members of Myanmar's military and police arrested government ministers, election officials, senior members of the NLD, activists, and a former general.On 13 February 2021, a viral post online showed that the military-run Ministry of Information (MOI) pressured the press not to use the words "junta" and "regime" in the media in the military's first attempt to restrict the freedom-of-press. The military regime issued an arrest warrant for seven well-known activists and influencers including Min Ko Naing for "using their fame to spread writing and speaking on the social media that would disturb the nation's peace process".On 15 February 2021, the military deployed armoured vehicles across the cities, in an attempt to silence the demonstrations in the country. Thousands of protestors in different cities across Myanmar had been calling for the release of Aung San Suu Kyi. On 16 February, as protests continued, Aung San Suu Kyi was given a new criminal charge on allegations of violating the country's National Disaster Law.On 17 February 2021, the military issued arrest warrants on six more celebrities for urging civil servants to join the civil disobedience movement.On 26 February 2021, the Myanmar ambassador to the United Nations, Kyaw Moe Tun, condemned the coup by the Tatmadaw. He was sacked from his post the next day. On the same day, a Japanese freelance journalist named Yuki Kitazumi was detained by Myanmar officers at the Sanchaung township police station, but he was released hours later after Kitazumi explained that he clearly identified himself as a reporter.

 Later developments 
On 8 March 2021, state-controlled channel MRTV announced that the Ministry of Information revoked the licences for five local media outlets: Mizzima, Myanmar Now, DVB, 7 Day News, and Khit Thit Media. The announcement stated that the outlets were prohibited from publishing and broadcasting in any type of media and by using any sort of technology.On 9 March 2021, Kyaw Zwar Minn, the Burmese ambassador to the United Kingdom, was recalled after he called for release of Aung San Suu Kyi.On 18 October 2021, Min Aung Hlaing announced the release of 5,636 prisoners jailed for protesting against the coup. According to the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners, more than 7,300 protesters remained imprisoned across the country following the announcement.On 10 January 2022, Aung San Suu Kyi was convicted and sentenced to four years in prison for possessing walkie-talkies in her home and for violating COVID-19 protocols.On 1 August 2022, Myanmar junta's extended the state of emergency for another six months, after the leader Min Aung Hlaing’s request to "serve for an additional 6 months". The decision was unanimously taken by the junta's National Defence and Security Council.Armed insurgencies by the People's Defence Force of the National Unity Government have erupted throughout Myanmar in response to the military government's crackdown on anti-coup protests.

 Motives 
The military's motives for the coup remain unclear. Ostensibly, the military has posited that alleged voter fraud threatened national sovereignty. A few days before the coup, the civilian-appointed Union Election Commission had categorically rejected the military's claims of voter fraud, citing the lack of evidence to support the military's claims of 8.6 million irregularities in voter lists across Myanmar's 314 townships.The coup may have been driven by the military's goal to preserve its central role in Burmese politics. The Defence Services Act imposes a mandatory retirement age of 65 for the Armed Forces' Commander-in-Chief. Min Aung Hlaing, the incumbent, would have been forced to retire on his 65th birthday in July 2021. Further, the Constitution empowers solely the President, in consultation with the National Defence and Security Council, with the authority to appoint Min Aung Hlaing's successor, which could have provided an opportunity for the civilian arm of the government to appoint a more reform-minded military officer as Commander-in-Chief. Hlaing's lack of power would have exposed him to potential prosecution and accountability for alleged war crimes during the Rohingya conflict in various international courts. Min Aung Hlaing had also hinted a potential entry into politics as a civilian, after his retirement.The activist group Justice for Myanmar has also noted the significant financial and business interests of Min Aung Hlaing and his family as a potential motivating factor for the coup. Min Aung Hlaing oversees two military conglomerates, the Myanmar Economic Corporation (MEC) and Myanma Economic Holdings Limited (MEHL), while his daughter, son, and daughter-in-law have substantial business holdings in the country.

 IMF aid 
A few days before the coup, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) had released US$372 million in cash loans to the Central Bank of Myanmar, as part of an emergency aid package, to address the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The funds came with no conditions, and without any precedent for refunds. In response to potential concerns regarding proper use of the funds by the military regime, an IMF spokesperson stated "It would be in the interests of the government, and certainly the people of Myanmar that those funds are indeed used accordingly." The IMF did not directly address any concerns regarding the independence of the Central Bank, given the military's appointment of Than Nyein, an ally, as governor. On 16 September, the IMF acknowledged it was unable to ascertain whether the military regime was using the funds as intended (i.e., "to tackle COVID and support the most vulnerable people.") Myanmar's Ministry of Planning and Finance did not respond to a request for comment on how funds had been appropriated.A lobbyist for the military junta reported that the junta would like to improve relations with the United States and distance Myanmar from China, believing Myanmar had grown too close to China under Aung San Suu Kyi.

 Geopolitical considerations 
China is depicted in Western media as having hegemony over Myanmar. China and Russia vetoed a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the coup. China and Russia are reportedly the main suppliers of weapons to the Myanmar Army. Chinese foreign direct investment in Myanmar totalled $19 billion in 2019, compared with $700 million from the EU. The Financial Times argues that Russia is supportive of the junta in order to sell more arms to them.Israel has been known to supply small arms, drones, patrol boats and spyware to the Myanmar military. On 27 September 2017, Israeli court issued an order banning Israeli arms industries from exporting weapons to Myanmar. Despite the ban order, Myanmar military received training and weapons from Israeli defence companies. Myanmar army officers continued their visits to Israeli arms shows.
The Myanmar military government did not attend the 27 October 2021 East Asia Summit. The United States and ASEAN (chaired by Brunei) criticised the junta's treatment of political prisoners, and Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen described Myanmar's decision to skip the summit as "regrettable". US President Joe Biden stated:"[…] We must address the tragedy caused by the military coup which is increasingly undermining regional stability," and called for the "military regime to end the violence, release all political prisoners and return to the path of democracy."While ASEAN urged constitutional government, it also officially "reiterated that Myanmar remains a member of the ASEAN family."

 Legal basis 
The legality of the coup has been questioned by legal scholars, including Melissa Crouch. The International Commission of Jurists found that, by staging a coup, the military had violated Myanmar's constitution, since the alleged election irregularities did not justify the declaration of a state of emergency in comport with the Constitution. Further, the jurists found that the military's actions had violated the fundamental rule of law principle. The NLD has also rejected the legal basis for the military takeover.During its announcement of the coup, the military stated that, during a meeting chaired by Min Aung Hlaing, the NDSC had invoked Articles 417 and 418 of the 2008 Constitution and that this served as the legal basis for the military takeover. However, Article 417 of the Constitution authorises only a sitting president to declare a state of emergency, following consultation with the National Defence and Security Council (NDSC) and, since
half of the NDSC's members at the time of the coup were civilians, including the president, the civilian-elected second vice-president, and the speakers of the upper and lower houses, all of whom had been arrested by the military, it is unclear how this meeting could have been constitutionally convened. The incumbent civilian president Win Myint had not voluntarily ceded his role; instead, the state of emergency was unconstitutionally declared by vice-president Myint Swe. During Win Myint's court testimony on 12 October, he revealed that on 1 February before the coup, two senior military generals had attempted to force him to resign, under the guise of "ill health.".The declaration of a state of emergency then transfers legislative, executive, and judicial authority to the Commander-in-Chief per Article 418.
On 23 March 2021, during a news conference in Naypyidaw, the Tatmadaw defended the reimposition of the junta and claimed that ousted national leader Aung San Suu Kyi was corrupt, tantamount to graft. No supporting evidence for these allegations was offered outside of the taped testimony of a former colleague of Kyi, Phyo Min Thein, who has been detained by the military since the coup began.

 Reactions 

 Domestic 

 Protests 

Civil resistance efforts have emerged within the country, in opposition to the coup, in numerous forms, including acts of civil disobedience, labour strikes, a military boycott campaign, a pot-banging movement, a red ribbon campaign, public protests, and formal recognition of the election results by elected representatives. The three-finger salute has been widely adopted as a protest symbol, while netizens joined the Milk Tea Alliance, an online democratic solidarity movement in Asia. "Kabar Makyay Bu" (ကမ္ဘာမကျေဘူး), a song that was first popularised as the anthem of the 8888 Uprising, has been revitalised by the civil disobedience movement as a protest song.Since the onset of the coup, residents in urban centres such as Yangon staged cacerolazos, striking pots and pans in unison every evening as a symbolic act to drive away evil, as a method of expressing their opposition to the coup.On 2 February, healthcare workers and civil servants across the country launched a national civil disobedience campaign, in opposition to the coup, with workers from dozens of state-run hospitals and institutions initiating a labour strike. A Facebook campaign group dubbed the "Civil Disobedience Movement" has attracted 150,000 followers, within 24 hours of its launch on 2 February. As of 3 February, healthcare workers in over 110 government hospitals and healthcare agencies have participated in the movement. The labour strikes have spread to other parts of the civil service, including union-level ministries and universities, as well as to private firms, such as factories and copper mines, students, and youth groups.On 3 February, healthcare workers launched the red ribbon campaign (ဖဲကြိုးနီလှုပ်ရှားမှု), the colour red being associated with the NLD. The red ribbon has been adopted by civil servants and workers across Myanmar as a symbol of opposition to the military regime.
On 3 February, a domestic boycott movement called the "Stop Buying Junta Business" campaign also emerged, calling for the boycott of products and services linked to the Myanmar military. Among the targeted goods and services in the Burmese military's significant business portfolio include Mytel, a national telecoms carrier, Myanmar, Mandalay, and Dagon Beer, several coffee and tea brands, 7th Sense Creation, which was co-founded by Min Aung Hlaing's daughter, and bus lines.Public protests have also emerged in the wake of the coup. On 2 February, some Yangonites staged a brief 15-minute protest rally at 8 pm, calling for the overthrow of the dictatorship and Aung San Suu Kyi's release. On 4 February, thirty people, led by Tayzar San, protested against the coup in front of the University of Medicine in Mandalay, leading to four arrests. On 6 February, 20,000 protestors took part in a street protest in Yangon against the coup, calling for Aung San Suu Kyi to be released. Workers from 14 trade unions participated in the protests. Protests spread to Mandalay and to the Pyinmana township of Naypyidaw on the afternoon of 6 February. The Mandalay marches started at 1 pm. Protestors continued on motorbikes at 4:00 pm in reaction to police restrictions. Police were in control by 6 pm. On 9 February 2021, the military used violence to crackdown on peaceful protests, injuring six protestors, including a 20-year-old woman who was shot in the head. About 100 demonstrators were arrested in Mandalay. On 10 February 2021, most of the arrested demonstrators from Mandalay were released.
Youth groups protested on the roads by wearing cosplay costumes, skirts, wedding dresses, and other unusual clothing for daily life while holding signboards and vinyl banners that break with the country's more traditional protest messages for the purpose of grabbing attention from both domestic and international press media.On 12 February, the Union Day in Myanmar, junta's crackdown in Mawlamyine became more intense as shots were fired. Gunfire was heard in Myitkyina, Kachin State, when security forces clashed with protesters on 14 February. Five journalists were arrested afterwards. Troops joined police in forcefully dispersing marchers using rubber bullets and slingshots in the city of Mandalay.

 Activities on social media and Internet blackout 
Facebook had been used to organise the civil disobedience campaign's labour strikes and the emerging boycott movement. On 4 February, telecom operators and internet providers across Myanmar were ordered to block Facebook until 7 February, to ensure the "country's stability." MPT, a state-owned carrier, also blocked Facebook Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp services, while Telenor Myanmar blocked only Facebook.  Following the Facebook ban, Burmese users had begun flocking to Twitter, popularising hashtags like #RespectOurVotes, #HearTheVoiceofMyanmar, and #SaveMyanmar. On 5 February, the government extended the social media access ban to include Instagram and Twitter. On the morning of 6 February, the military authorities initiated an internet outage nationwide. Internet access was restricted by the government again since 14 February 2021 for 20 days, from 1:00 am to 9:00 am. People have used social media like Facebook and Twitter to reach their voices to international communities and also to share photo and video evidence of brutality of military forces on the protestors.

 Religious response 
Various Buddhist monasteries and educational institutions have denounced the coup, among them the Masoyein and Mahāgandhārāma monasteries. Sitagu International Buddhist Academy also released a statement imploring against actions that run counter to the Dhamma. Aside from the Buddhist saṅgha, local clergy and monastics of the Catholic Church have similarly voiced their opposition to the military takeover.As the military response to the ensuing protests started taking a violent turn, the Shwekyin Nikāya, Burma's second largest monastic order, urged Min Aung Hlaing to immediately cease the assaults on unarmed civilians and to refrain from engaging in theft and property destruction. Its leading monks, including Ñāṇissara Bhikkhu, who is known for his amicable relationship with the military, reminded the general to be a good Buddhist, which entailed keeping to the Five Precepts required for at least a human rebirth.

 Commercial reactions 
Thailand's largest industrial estate developer, Amata, halted a $1 billion industrial zone development project in Yangon in response to the coup, having started construction in December 2020. Suzuki Motor, Myanmar's largest automaker, and several manufacturers halted domestic operations in the wake of the coup. The Yangon Stock Exchange has also suspended trading since 1 February. Myanmar's real estate market crashed as a result of the coup, with sales and purchase transactions dropping by almost 100%.On 4 February, French oil multinational Total SE announced it was reviewing the impact of the coup on its domestic operations and projects. On 4 April, it issued a statement saying it would not withhold payments to the military junta and would not cease operations in its Yadana offshore gasfield where electricity is generated for public use. A couple of weeks later there were reports of US oil giant Chevron lobbying against United States Department of State sanctions restricting the company in its capacity as "a non-operating partner" in the Yadana field through an affiliate.On 5 February, Kirin Company ended its joint venture with the military-owned Myanma Economic Holdings Limited (MEHL). The joint venture, Myanmar Brewery, produces several brands of beer, including Myanmar Beer, and has an 80% market share in the country. Kirin's stake had been valued at US$1.7 billion.On 8 February, Lim Kaling, co-founder of Razer announced he was divesting his stake in a joint venture with a Singaporean tobacco company that owns a 49% stake in Virginia Tobacco, whose majority stake is owned by MEHL. Virginia Tobacco, Myanmar's largest cigarette maker, owns the Red Ruby and Premium Gold brands. That evening, Min Aung Hlaing made a televised address, aiming to ease concerns about Myanmar's foreign investment climate.US President Joe Biden announced his administration will impose sanctions on the military leaders of the coup in Myanmar and freeze 1 billion dollars in government assets held in the United States on 11 February 2021.After several protesters were shot dead by the military during the protests on February, Facebook responded by suspending several accounts belonging to the government including Tatmadaw and its news website, Tatmadaw True News, and MRTV, due to these pages linked to promoting violence. On 25 February, Facebook banned all accounts of the Tatmadaw, along with its related commercial entities. Parent company Facebook Inc (now Meta) also implemented the ban on Instagram. Other tech companies follow suit, with YouTube terminated several channels belonging to governments including MRTV and Myawaddy TV, and TikTok restricting several violence contents from being available in their platform.On 16 April 2021, South Korean steel giant Posco announced that its Myanmar subsidiary, POSCO C&C, would end its relationship with military-owned Myanma Economic Holdings Limited (MEHL). On 27 October, Indian-owned Adani Ports & SEZ announced it would terminate its US$127 million investment in Myanmar to construct a container terminal in the country. Foreign direct investment in Myanmar fell to an eight-year low, dropping 22% to US$3.8 billion in Myanmar's 2020 fiscal year (September 2020 and September 2021), due to the combined pressures of COVID and political unrest following the February coup.

 Defections 
As the protests have started, there have been reported defections from the Myanmar Police Force. On 5 March 2021, 11 officers were seen to have crossed the India–Myanmar land border to Mizoram state with their families due to refusing orders to engage protestors by using lethal force. Myanmar officials have reached out to India to repatriate the defecting police officers located in Mizoram, with the reply that the Indian government will make a final decision. The Assam Rifles were given orders to tighten security along the India–Myanmar border. As of 5 March 2021, more than 600 police officers have joined the anti-regime movement, some of whom have served as police officers for many years and have collected awards for their outstanding performances. From 10 March, the border has been closed after 48 Burmese nationals have crossed it.Some military personnel from Tatmadaw also left their posts to stand with the people against the military junta. Among them are Captain Tun Myat Aung from the 77th Light Infantry Division and Major Hein Thaw Oo from the 99th Light Infantry Division who holds the highest rank among the known defectors from Myanmar's military as of 21 April 2021. Both of them cited the corruption among the high-ranked military officers and the lack of will to kill their own people as main reasons for their defection.

 International 

 Governmental responses 
Many countries, including Bangladesh, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippines, South Korea, and Singapore, encouraged dialogue between the government and the military in order to resolve the issue, many of which expressed concern in response to the coup. Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Nepal, New Zealand, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the United States condemned the coup and called for the release of detained officials; the White House also threatened to impose sanctions on coup perpetrators. Subsequently, President Biden approved an Executive Order for new sanctions on the coup perpetrators which would enable his administration to affect the perpetrator's business interests and close family members."  President Biden also stated that he would freeze  $1 billion US assets belonged to the Myanmar's government while maintaining support for health care, civil society groups, and other areas that benefit the people of Burma directly."Cambodia, Thailand, and Vietnam explicitly refused to support either side, characterising the coup as an internal matter.
On 9 February 2021, New Zealand suspended diplomatic contact with Myanmar and prohibited government military leaders from entering New Zealand because of the coup. On 25 February 2021, Tokyo considered halting projects in Myanmar in response to the coup.On 24 February, the new Myanmar foreign minister visited Thailand, marking the first high official visit since the coup. Malaysian Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin and Indonesian President Joko Widodo called a special meeting of ASEAN foreign ministers to discuss the issue during Muhyiddin's visit to Jakarta. In March, reports appeared in the Thai press accusing the Thai military of supplying rice to the Myanmar military, which it denied.On 26 February 2021, the South Korean National Assembly passed a resolution condemning the coup. On 5 March 2021, Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Katsunobu Kato urged the SAC-led government to stop using lethal force to disperse protests. Singaporean foreign minister Vivian Balakrishnan also called the military to stop using lethal force.South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced on 12 March 2021 that South Korea will suspend defense exchanges with Myanmar and ban arms exports, and would limit exports of other strategic items, reconsider development aid and grant humanitarian exemptions for Myanmar nationals to allow them to stay in South Korea until the situation improves.On 27 March 2021, eight countries sent representatives to attend the Myanmar Armed Forces Day parade.

 Intergovernmental responses 
Intergovernmental organisations, including the United Nations, ASEAN, and the European Union expressed concern and called for dialogue from both sides. In addition to concern, the European Union also condemned the coup and urged the release of detainees.In response to the coup, the United Nations Security Council held an emergency meeting, where a British-drafted resolution urging the "restoration of democracy" in Myanmar, condemning the Myanmar military's action, and calling for the release of detainees was proposed. The first draft of the statement was not issued because of failure to garner support from all 15 council members; the diplomats of China and Russia reportedly had to relay the draft to their respective governments for review. China and Russia, as permanent members of the council and therefore having the power of veto, refused to back the statement. India and Vietnam, two non-permanent members, also "voiced reservations" about the resolution.However, through negotiations, by 10 March 2021 — with explicit condemnation of the Myanmar military and its coup removed from the statement, along with removal of the threat of U.N. sanctions — a consensus was reached among the 15 Security Council members, resulting in a "presidential statement" from the Security Council (a step below a "resolution.")  The statement condemned the violence, called for its end, and restraint by the military, and the prompt release of the detained civilian government officials (including State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and President Win Myint), and a negotiated settlement between the parties within the framework of the Myanmar Constitution.The UNSC presidential statement further urged all parties to cooperate with mediation efforts of the ASEAN, and the U.N. envoy to Myanmar, and to ensure access to humanitarian aid for all in Myanmar. The resolution also addressed the 2017 military crackdown in Myanmar's Rakhine State (which had targeted the Rohingya Muslim minority, there, most of whom were driven out of the country) — noting that the current conditions were preventing the Rohingya's "voluntary, safe, dignified, and sustainable return" to Myanmar. ASEAN called for a special ASEAN Leaders Meeting in Jakarta on 24 April 2021, with Min Aung Hlaing in attendance along with other member states' heads of government and foreign ministers. Members of the National Unity Government formed in response to the coup and consisting of ousted lawmakers were reported to have been in contact with ASEAN leaders, but were not formally invited to the meeting. During the summit, Min Aung Hlaing was not referred to as a head of state. ASEAN released a statement that it had agreed to a "five-point consensus" with Min Aung Hlaing on the cessation of violence in Myanmar, constructive dialogue among all parties concerned, and the appointment of a special envoy by ASEAN to facilitate the dialogue process.On 28 May 2021, the governments of Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam proposed that a U.N. draft resolution on Myanmar be watered down, including removing a call for an arms embargo against the country.On 27 July 2021, U.N. Special Rapporteur Tom Andrews urged the U.N. Security Council and member states to advance a "COVID Ceasefire" in Myanmar. At the time of his report, over 600 healthcare professionals were eluding outstanding arrest warrants and 67 had already been detained in the midst of soaring COVID-19 infections and deaths throughout the country.

 Protests outside Myanmar 

A group of about 200 Burmese expatriates and some Thai pro-democracy activists including Parit Chiwarak and Panusaya Sithijirawattanakul protested the coup at the Burmese embassy on Sathon Nuea Road in Bangkok, Thailand. Some protesters reportedly showed the three-finger salute, the symbol used in the protests calling for democracy in Thailand. The protest ended with a police crackdown; two protestors were injured and hospitalised, and two others were arrested. Burmese citizens in Tokyo, Japan gathered in front of the United Nations University, also to protest against the coup. On 3 February, more than 150 Burmese Americans protested in front of the Embassy of Myanmar in Washington, D.C.The Singapore Police Force issued warnings on 5 February 2021 against foreigners planning to participate in anti-coup protests in Singapore. On 14 February 2021, SPF officers arrested three foreigners for protesting at the outskirts of the Myanmar embassy without permits to participate in a public assembly. In March 2021, the Public Security Police Force of Macau has warned Myanmar residents that they are not allowed to conduct anti-coup protests as Article 27 of the Macau Basic Law only allows Macanese residents the right to do so.

 Evacuations 
On 4 February 2021, Japanese expats living/working in Myanmar were evacuated from Yangon International Airport to Narita International Airport after the coup on 1 February. On 21 February, Taiwanese government started the evacuation process of Taiwanese expatriates in Myanmar, Taiwanese government also urged Taiwanese expatriates who wished to go back to get in touch with China Airlines. On 7 March, the South Korean government ordered a chartered Korean Air flight from Yangon to Seoul to return South Korean expatriates from Myanmar. On the same day, the Indonesian and Singaporean governments urged their citizens to leave Myanmar as soon as possible due to safety reasons. The British government also urged British citizens who stayed in Myanmar to immediately leave the country due to rising violence.

 See also 
2014 Thai coup d'état
2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis
International isolation
List of cabinet members of State Administration Council

 References 

Irving, Texas
Irving is a city in the U.S. state of Texas, located in Dallas County. It is part of the Mid-Cities region of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex and is an inner ring suburb of Dallas. Irving is noted for its racial and ethnic diversity.  The city had a population of 256,684 according to the 2020 United States Census, making it the twelfth-most populous city in Texas, and the 87th most populous in the U.S. Irving includes the Las Colinas mixed-use master-planned community and part of the Dallas Fort Worth International Airport.

 History 
Irving was founded in 1903 by J.O. "Otto" Schulze and Otis Brown. It is believed literary author Washington Irving was a favorite of Netta Barcus Brown, and consequently the name of the town site, Irving, was chosen. Irving began in 1889 as an area called Gorbit, and in 1894 the name changed to Kit. Irving was incorporated April 14, 1914, with Otis Brown as the first mayor.
By the late nineteenth century the Irving area was the site of churches, two cotton gins, a blacksmith shop and a general store. The Irving district public school system dates to the 1909 establishment of Kit and Lively schools. Population growth was slow and sometimes halting, with only 357 residents in 1925, but a significant increase began in the 1930s.
By the early 1960s the city had a population of approximately 45,000. A number of manufacturing plants operated in Irving, along with transportation, retail and financial businesses. The University of Dallas in Irving opened in 1956, and Texas Stadium was completed in 1971 as the home field of the Dallas Cowboys. The Chateau Theater opened in 1964 as part of a chain of premium, dollar, and drive-in theaters that stretched across North Texas and Oklahoma.
Delta Air Lines Flight 191 crashed in Irving on August 2, 1985.Irving's population reached 155,037 in 1990 and the United States Census Bureau estimated 236,607 residents in 2016, a 3.5 percent population increase over 2013 census estimates.In 2000, an Oshman's Sporting Goods store was robbed by the "Texas Seven". In 2011, the Irving Convention Center at Las Colinas opened. Four years later high-school student Ahmed Mohamed was the subject of a hoax bomb incident which ignited allegations of racial profiling and Islamophobia from many media and commentators.
In 2019, Irving completed its construction of an entertainment district in Las Colinas with the opening of the Westin Irving Convention Center Hotel. The entertainment district also includes the Irving Convention Center at Las Colinas and the Toyota Music Factory, an entertainment complex with numerous restaurants, an Alamo Drafthouse Cinema, the Texas Lottery Plaza open-air performance stage and the Pavilion at the Toyota Music Factory concert venue.On May 8, 2020, the city's local poultry plant run by Westfield, Wisconsin-based Brakebush Bros. Inc reported 40 cases of COVID-19 among its workers during the 2019–2020 coronavirus pandemic.

 Geography 
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 67.7 square miles (175 km2), of which 67.2 square miles (174 km2)  is land and 0.4 square miles (1.0 km2)  (0.65%) is water.

 Developments 
Irving includes the Las Colinas planned community, a mixed-use development with a land area of more than 12,000 acres (4,856 ha) that is home to many Fortune 500 companies and the Las Colinas Entertainment District. It also includes part of the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.

 Climate 
The warmest month on average is July, and the highest recorded temperature was 112 °F (44 °C) in 1980. The average coolest month is January, and the lowest recorded temperature was −8 °F (−22 °C) in 1899. Irving is considered to be part of the humid subtropical region. May is the average wettest month.

 Demographics 
At the census of 2010, there were 216,290 people, 82,538 households, and 51,594 families residing in the city. The population density was 3,218.6 inhabitants per square mile (1,242.7/km2). There were 91,128 housing units at an average density of 1,356 per square mile (524/km2). According to the 2020 United States census, there were 256,684 people, 86,023 households, and 57,330 families residing in the city.
Irving has been noted for its racial and ethnic diversity. A 2012 study by the real estate website Trulia found that Irving's 75038 zip code was the most diverse zip code in the United States, while Irving was ranked as the ninth-most diverse city in the United States with over 200,000 residents according to a Diversity Index developed by Brown University's American Communities Project. The same survey said Irving was the eighth-most diverse city at a neighborhood level (again among cities with over 200,000 residents); Irving was the highest-ranked city in Texas at the city level and behind only Garland, TX at the neighborhood level.According to the 2010 census, the racial makeup of the city was 53.1% White (30.8% non-Hispanic white), 12.3% African American, 0.9% Native American, 14.0% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 16.2% from other races, and 3.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latinos of any race were 41.1% of the population. The largest group of Hispanic or Latinos were of Mexican origin, while those of Salvadoran heritage form the second largest group; in 2009 they formed 11.8% of those born outside of the United States. The Hispanic and Latino residents have moved into eastern Irving, which contains older neighborhoods than other areas of Irving. By 2020, the composition of Irving was 21.03% non-Hispanic white, 12.36% Black or African American, 0.29% Native American, 22.32% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 0.48% some other race, 2.34% multiracial, and 41.09% Hispanic or Latino of any race.The largest Asian American ethnic group in Irving is the Asian Indians. As of 2009 the Indians have mainly settled in proximity to high technology companies, into an area in western Irving along Texas State Highway 114. To absorb the Indian population, dense condominium and rental properties have opened in western Irving.There were 82,538 households, out of which 33.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% were non-families. 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.31.In the city, 29% of the population was under the age of 19, 8% was between ages 20 to 24, 35.8% from 25 to 44, 20.3% from 45 to 64, and 6.9% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.
The 2012 median income for a household in the city was $49,303, and the median income for a family was $54,755. Males had an estimated median income of $40,986 versus $36,518 for females. The per capita income for the city was $26,970. About 13.2% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.5% of those under age 18 and 9.4% of those age 65 or over.

 Economy 
According to the city's 2021–2022 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the city's top employers are:

Several large businesses have headquarters in Irving, including Nexstar Media Group, Aeroxchange, Caliber Home Loans, Nautilus Hyosung America, Inc., Chuck E. Cheese, Cicis, Commercial Metals, Envoy Air (formerly American Eagle), Gruma, H.D. Vest, Kimberly-Clark, La Quinta Inns and Suites, Michaels Stores, 7-Eleven, Southern Star Concrete, Inc., Stellar, a global contact center provider, Zale Corporation, Fluor Corporation, Flowserve, NCH Corporation, ITW Polymers Sealants North America, Celanese Corporation, a leading producer of specialty chemicals, Vistra Energy and its subsidiary TXU Energy, McKesson, and LXI Enterprise Storage. In June 2022, Caterpillar Inc, a construction and mining equipment manufacturer, announced it would move its headquarters to Irving.The city is also home to the national headquarters of the Boy Scouts of America.

 Subsidiaries of foreign companies 
The headquarters of Nokia America and NEC Corporation of America are in Irving. The American headquarters of BlackBerry was in Irving.Perhaps as a result of the Nokia-Irving connection, Irving is twinned with Nokia's headquarters city, Espoo in Finland.
Irving is also the Headquarters of OSG USA INC., which is the North American Subsidiary of OSG Corporation in Japan. OSG is a leading provider of high end cutting tools used in industries such as automotive and aerospace.

 Arts and culture 

 Attractions 
The Irving Arts Center, owned by the city, is a home for the arts, housing 10 resident arts organizations. Resident Organizations provide cultural programs for the community, and opportunities to participate in the creative process. Community members can play a role in front of the curtain as musicians, actors, and artists, or behind the scenes as planners, technicians, directors and more. The Irving Arts Center is a Smithsonian Affiliate.The city owns and operates four historical museums: The Jackie Townsell Bear Creek Heritage Center, The Ruth Paine House Museum, and The Mustangs of Las Colinas Museum. A fourth historical museum, the Irving Archives and Museum, opened in February, 2020.

 Sports 
Irving serves as the headquarters city for two college athletics conferences: the Big 12 Conference and American Athletic Conference.Irving Independent School District (IISD) high schools play football and other sports at the Joy and Ralph Ellis Stadium (formerly Irving Schools Stadium). The stadium is located between Lee Britain Elementary School and Bowie Middle School at 600 E 6th St.

 History 
Irving was the home of Texas Stadium, the former home stadium of the Dallas Cowboys. The stadium was demolished on April 11, 2010. The city was also formerly the site of the Cowboys training facility for over 30 years. The National Football League's Dallas Cowboys played in Irving at Texas Stadium from 1971 to 2008, and the team maintained its headquarters in Irving's Valley Ranch neighborhood from 1985 to 2016.

 Government and infrastructure 

 Local government 
Prior to the November 2008 elections, Irving banned the sale of alcoholic beverages in stores, making it the largest in population dry suburb in North Texas. In 2004 the pro-alcohol measure failed with 63% of voters opposing the measure. In 2006, 52% voted against the measure. On the third attempt, with heavy monetary backing by retailers, voters narrowly voted in favor of the measure in 2008. People in favor of changing Irving's liquor laws saw the interest in the 2008 United States Presidential Election as a catalyst for changing the laws in their favor.In 2009 Irving had a city council that was entirely at-large. While Irving has a large population of racial minorities, the entire city council and the mayor's office, was entirely non-Hispanic White. Manny Benavidez, a resident of Irving, filed a lawsuit against the city in federal court in November 2007, saying that the voting system was not in compliance with the 1965 Voting Rights Act. On July 15, 2009, a federal judge ruled that Irving is required to create a new electoral system so that racial minority representatives may be voted into office. In 2010 elections, which included one at-large seat and two district-seats, three new council members were elected, replacing two incumbents and adding a newly created seat. Among the three new council members were two minority council members.

The city of Irving is a voluntary member of the North Central Texas Council of Governments association, the purpose of which is to coordinate individual and collective local governments and facilitate regional solutions, eliminate unnecessary duplication, and enable joint decisions.

 County government 
The Parkland Health & Hospital System (Dallas County Hospital District) operates the Irving Health Center.

 Federal representation 
The United States Postal Service operates post offices in Irving. The Irving Main Post Office is at 2701 West Irving Boulevard. Other post offices in the city include Central Irving, Las Colinas, and Valley Ranch.

 Education 

 Primary and secondary schools 

 Public 
The Irving Independent School District (IISD) serves most of Irving. Other areas are served by the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School District (CFBISD), Coppell Independent School District (CISD), and Grapevine-Colleyville Independent School District.The major high schools that serve Irving are:

Irving High School (IISD)
MacArthur High School (IISD)
Nimitz High School (IISD)
Jack E. Singley Academy (IISD) formerly The Academy of Irving ISD
Ranchview High School (CFBISD)
Coppell High School (CISD).In 2014, 3,821 of CFBISD's 26,239 students resided in Irving.In 2019 the Dallas Independent School District (DISD) opened North Lake Early College High School, which has a campus for students in grades 9–10 at North Lake South. The school is not within DISD's boundaries but DISD is allowed to operate it as such under Texas law.Uplift Education, a charter school operator, has its administrative offices in Irving. Uplift has two charter school campuses in Irving: Infinity Preparatory (K–12) and North Hills Preparatory (K–12).Winfree Academy Charter School and Manara Academy Elementary are in Irving.

 Private 
Irving is home to Cistercian Preparatory School, a university-preparatory school for boys, grades 5 through 12. Irving is also home to The Highlands School, a university-preparatory school for pre-kindergarten through 12th grade.One Catholic Pre-K–8th grade school, Holy Family Catholic Academy, is in Irving. Irving is also home to the Islamic School of Irving (Pre-K–12). The Sloan School (Pre-K–5) and StoneGate Christian Academy (K4–12) are Christian private schools in Irving.

 Colleges and universities 
The city is the site of the University of Dallas and North Lake College, a campus of Dallas College. In addition, DeVry University has a campus in Irving.

 Infrastructure 

 Transportation 
Several highways transverse Irving. The Airport Freeway, SH 183, runs east–west in the city center, while LBJ Freeway or I-635 crosses the city's northern edge in the same direction. John Carpenter Freeway, SH 114, and the President George Bush Turnpike create an X running northwest-to-southeast and southwest-to-northeast respectively. The Las Colinas area is centered near the intersection of 114 and the Bush turnpike.
Irving is one of 13 member-cities of the Dallas region's transit agency, Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART). Currently, Irving is served by numerous bus routes and has two stops along the Trinity Railway Express commuter rail route. In addition, DART's Orange Line through runs through Irving and Las Colinas to DFW Airport. This connects northern Irving with Dallas through rail in addition to bus routes.
In 2015, 4.5 percent of Irving households lacked a car, which increased to 4.9 percent in 2016. The national average was 8.7 percent in 2016. Irving averaged 1.75 cars per household in 2016, compared to a national average of 1.8 per household.The Las Colinas Urban Center is served by the Las Colinas APT System, a people-mover that connects businesses and entertainment areas.

 Notable people 
Larry D. Alexander, artist/writer
Akin Ayodele, professional football player
Frank Beard, drummer for musical group ZZ Top
Jim Beaver, actor/writer
Brian Bosworth, professional football player
Demarcus Faggins, professional football player
David Garza, musician
Paul Hill, Director of Mission Operations, NASA
Michael Huff, professional football player
Gary Lakes, opera singer
Les Lancaster, professional baseball
Peter MacNicol, actor
Taylor Mays, American NFL football player
Gus Malzahn, Former Auburn Coach
Mike Norvell, Florida State football head coach
Lee Harvey Oswald, assassin of U.S. President John F. Kennedy
Play-N-Skillz, record production duo
Matt Rinaldi, attorney, Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from Dallas County, and Irving resident
Yaser Abdel Said, Egyptian fugitive on the FBI Ten Most Wanted List, wanted for the murder of his two teenage daughters
Gwyn Shea, former Texas secretary of state (2002–2003) and a member of the Texas House of Representatives (1983–1993)
Odyssey Sims, professional basketball player
Trevor Story, professional baseball player
Tyson Thompson, professional football player
Rex Tillerson, CEO Exxon Mobil, 69th United States Secretary of State
Beth Van Duyne , Congresswoman from Texas' 24th congressional district, former mayor of Irving, Texas, and former HUD official
Jeremy Wariner, 400m sprinter, three-time Olympic gold medalist, five-time world champion
Kerry Wood, professional baseball player

 Sister cities 
Irving's sister cities are:
 Boulogne-Billancourt, France
 Darkhan, Mongolia
 Espoo, Finland
 León, Mexico
 Marino, Italy
 Merton, England, United Kingdom

 See also 
TXU Energy
Mayoral elections in Irving, Texas

 Notes 

 References 

 Bibliography 

 External links 

Official website
U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: City of Iriving
Irving from the Handbook of Texas Online
Historic Images from the Irving Archives, hosted by the Portal to Texas History
Irving Convention and Visitors Bureau

NASTAR
National Standard Race (abbreviated NASTAR) is the world's largest recreational ski and snowboard race program. It was founded in 1968 by SKI magazine and is owned and operated by Outside Inc.NASTAR has a scoring system for assigning scores to ski and snowboard racers of all ages and abilities, using a handicap system. Since the program's beginning in 1968, more than 6 million NASTAR racer-days have been recorded. It has been available at more than 100 ski resorts in North America and 1 in Australia. Many U.S. Ski Team stars got their start ski racing in NASTAR programs.

 History 
NASTAR uses the principle of time percentages to calibrate a skier's ability, a concept pioneered by France's Ecole de Ski Nationale Chamois program. For certification, a ski instructor had to perform well enough in the Ecole's annual Challenge to earn a silver medal and be less than 25 percent behind the time recorded by the fastest instructor. The Chamois was a regular slalom race course with hairpins and flushes. A certified instructor, back in his home area, could set the pace for local participants in Chamois races. His time was not re-calibrated or speeded up, as in NASTAR, by the amount he lagged behind the winning time in the annual Challenge. The NASTAR idea of adjusting a local pacesetter's time to a national standard was introduced in France 20 years later, in the winter of 1987-88. SNMSF (Syndicat National des Moniteurs de Ski Francais) introduced Fleche, an open-gated giant slalom, during the same winter that NASTAR began, though unknown to NASTAR's founder. Paul Chalvin, former Director of the SNMSF.
John Fry, who became editor-in-chief of SKI magazine in 1964, adapted this percentage-of-time system to a program for recreational ski racing in the United States, calling it the 'National Standard Race'. Fry, who in 1969 became editorial director of Golf Magazine as well as SKI, was driven by the idea of creating in skiing the equivalent of par in golf. The program, to which Fry applied the acronym NASTAR, was introduced in 1968 as a means to compare the performance of recreational ski racers at resorts across the United States, and later, for a time, in Australia, Canada, Scandinavia, Switzerland and Italy. NASTAR courses are simple, open-gated giant slaloms on mostly intermediate terrain, allowing skiers of all abilities and ages to experience racing. Just as in golf's handicap system, skiers can compare their times and compete with one another regardless of where and when they compete. It takes into account varying terrain and snow conditions. The program started with 8 participating resorts and 2,297 skiers in the first year, but quickly gained in popularity, under the powerful direction of former U.S. Ski Team coach and pro skiing impresario Bob Beattie, growing to more than 100 resorts and 6 million skiers and snowboarders having participated by 2006. The program went through several national sponsors, the latest being Nature Valley.

 Handicap System 
The National Standard is the Par Time or the "0" handicap which every racer competes against when they race NASTAR. The "0" handicap is typically set by a U.S. Ski Team racer or former champion. 
Runners-up establish handicaps against the winner by their lag time percentage. These 'traveling pacesetters' compete against pacesetters from each NASTAR resort at sanctioned Regional Pacesetting Trials before the start of the following season. These events enable pacesetters from each individual resort to establish their own certified handicap against the national champion's Par Time or "0" handicap. The resort pacesetters use their certified handicap to set the Par Time at their local NASTAR course each racing day, and in turn, give each participant who races at their resort a handicap that is referenced to the national champion. The Par Time is approximately the time the national NASTAR champion would have raced the course had he been there that day. Various allowances are then made for age group, gender, disability if any, snowboarders, etc. Every skier, regardless of ability or disability, can ski with a time referenced against the national champion, corrected for the specific resort and course conditions and his/her level. Platinum, Gold, Silver, and Bronze designations are based on performance in several races, relative to each racer's age, gender, and ability group. Championships are held near the end of the skiing season each year.

 Standard NASTAR Course 
NASTAR resorts possess the autonomy to determine the location and configuration of their NASTAR race venue, typically favoring visibility from high-traffic areas such as lifts or lodges. The resort retains discretion in choosing between single or dual courses. Each NASTAR course is essentially a modified Giant slalom (GS) course comprising 12 to 20 gates for racers to navigate. Gates are positioned with vertical distances of 18 to 20 meters between them and horizontal offsets ranging from 4 to 8 meters. Resorts are advised to establish a standardized course(s) with a target time of 23 seconds, ensuring that no course falls within 5% of the set time. The 'cap time,' representing the fastest possible time down the venue achieved by the local pacesetter without maneuvering around gates, serves as a benchmark. While the appearance of each race venue may vary, the aforementioned criteria, particularly the consistent par time established by the pacesetter, contribute to result standardization. This uniformity facilitates participants in comparing race times regardless of the location or timing of their races.

 NASTAR Database 
NASTAR requires all participants to register, which is a quick and easy process that can be completed online from home via the NASTAR website. Upon registration, each racer is required to pay a small entry fee per race. The races are timed electronically using a mechanical lever for the clock start and an optical beam sensor for the clock stop. The race results are saved on a computer and uploaded by the resort to the central NASTAR database each race day. Once the data is on the central database (usually by the end of a race day), it becomes publicly accessible, and racers can effortlessly view their performance history from different dates and resorts at any time.

 Resort Participation 
Every ski resort in North America is encouraged to participate in the NASTAR program. The NASTAR organization sends out presentations and questionnaires to all resorts in the off-season, to determine the resorts eligible for participation during the coming season. Participating resorts then receive a NASTAR kit and instructions that allow them to upload daily race data into the central NASTAR database. They also must have certified NASTAR pacesetters that can perform a pacesetting run on the designated course each racing day, to calibrate the handicap for the course conditions on that day.

 National Championship 

 Alpine Division skiers 
Prior to the end of the season, the 3 top Alpine Division performers of each resort in each of the 4 medal divisions (Platinum, Gold, Silver and Bronze) are invited to compete in the National Championship. Those who choose to participate, compete against others in their respective category. Each racer is assigned a division in his or her appropriate gender and age group for the national race to 'level the playing field'. After the competition, for each gender and age group, the fastest 3 racers are awarded Gold, Silver and Bronze medals. Gold medal winners then compete in a final "Race of Champions" competition to determine the overall champion based on handicapped time, along with the fastest 3 racers based on 'raw' time qualifying them.

 Non-Alpine Division skiers 
The non-Alpine Divisions (for the purposes of NASTAR championship racing classification) are Telemark, Physically Challenged, and Snowboarders. For each division, the top 100 performers during the season in their respective age and gender group are invited to compete in the National Championship. After the competition, Gold, Silver, and Bronze medals are awarded to the fastest 3 racers by handicap in each division, gender and age group.

 Participation 
The National NASTAR Championship brings together over one thousand participants from the United States and Canada, of all ages and ability groups. The 2006 Championship was held in Steamboat Springs and included 1,337 racers of ages 3 to 86, from 44 U.S. states and Canada.

 NASTAR as Ski Instructor Qualification 
Traditionally, ski instructor certification was based more on subjective assessment of form and technique rather than objective clock-based performance. Lately, this has been changing, as a result of the wide availability and growing popularity of NASTAR.
On August 8, 2004, the Rocky Mountain Division of the Professional Ski Instructors of America (PSIA) voted to allow a NASTAR gold medal (equivalent to a racing time within 16% of the national U.S. champion for a male in his 20s) as one of the pre-requisites for future certification of a Level 3 Ski Instructor. The Rocky Mountain Division of the PSIA includes the biggest ski resorts in the U.S., such as Vail, Aspen, Steamboat and Taos and has 6,000 members, half of which are certified as Level 3, the highest rating for an instructor.

 See also 
Alpine skiing
Giant slalom skiing

 Notes 

List of Impractical Jokers episodes
Impractical Jokers is an American hidden camera-practical joke reality television series that premiered on TruTV on December 15, 2011. It follows the members of the comedy troupe The Tenderloins as they coerce one another into doing public pranks while being filmed by hidden cameras.

 Series overview 

 Episodes 

 Season 1 (2011–12) 

 Season 2 (2012–13) 

 Season 3 (2014) 

 Season 4 (2015) 

 Season 5 (2016) 

 Season 6 (2017) 

 Season 7 (2018) 

 Season 8 (2019–20) 

 Season 9 (2021–22) 

 Season 10 (2023-24) 

 Specials 

 Removed episodes 
Following Joe Gatto's departure from the show in December 2021, eight episodes of the show were pulled from broadcast, with only four of these episodes available on Max (streaming service) in the United States.The following episodes were banned from TV and removed from Max (unless noted otherwise):

"The Dream Crusher" (Season 4, Episode 9)
"Kill the Centaur" (Season 4, Episode 15)
"Stripped of Dignity" (Season 4, Episode 24)
"Bull Shiatsu" (Season 7, Episode 12)
"Sun-Fan Lotion" (Season 8, Episode 16)
"Rock Bottom" (Season 8, Episode 25)

 Notes 

 References 

Mewaram Jain
Mewaram Jain (born 7 June 1953) is an Indian politician, was third term as Member of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly  2008. He is from Barmer, Rajasthan.  He was represents Barmer as Member of Legislative Assembly of Rajasthan.jain is the main defendant in the 2023 Barmer rape case and child  abuse  and  booked under the POCSO Act .

 2023 Rape case 
Jodhpur Police has registered a case against nine people including former Barmer MLA Mevaram Jain.  Mevaram and his associate  are accused of raping a woman and her minor daughter. The remaining 7 people are accused of supporting those two accused.

 Viral MMS Videos 
Two viral social media videos show Mewaram Jain engaging in obscene acts with a woman, who herself captured the video. Jain enters the room, talks, drinks water, and indulges in the act.

 References 

Herz Cerfbeer of Medelsheim
Herz Cerfbeer of Medelsheim (German: Herz Cerf Beer von Medelsheim, born Yiddish: נַפְתָּלִי(־הערץ) בֶּן דּוֹב־בּער Naphtali Ben Dov-Beer, 1730 – December 7, 1793) was a French Jewish philanthropist. He was a contractor to the army, and employed his wealth and his influence with the French government in promoting the material and spiritual welfare of his coreligionists. The government permitted him to settle at Strasburg, in opposition to the wishes of the authorities of that city, who zealously enforced the law excluding Jews.
Cerfbeer protected all Jews who were willing to earn a livelihood by manual labor. As soon as he had received (in 1775) from Louis XVI the patent granting him the rights of citizenship "for services rendered by him to the government and to the land during the famine of 1770 and 1771," Cerfbeer established factories, where he employed Jews, in order to withdraw them from petty trading, and also to deprive their accusers of all excuse for prejudice.
The Strasburg Germans, who made every effort to prevent the Jews from settling in that city, compelled Cerfbeer to endeavor to obtain from the government the repeal of exceptional laws. A petition to the king was drawn up by Cerfbeer and sent to Moses Mendelssohn for revision. The latter consulted Christian Wilhelm von Dohm, who offered to write an apology for the Jews. This apology, Über die Bürgerliche Verbesserung der Juden, which Cerfbeer energetically spread in France, combined with his personal efforts, brought about the convocation by Malesherbes of a commission to make suggestions for the amelioration of the condition of the Jews in France. Cerfbeer was the leading member of this commission; and the first result of its efforts was the abrogation of the degrading poll-tax.
At the outbreak of the Reign of Terror in France, Cerfbeer was thrown into prison on suspicion of favoring the royal cause, but was set free after a year of confinement.
Being acquainted with the Talmud, Cerfbeer took a great interest in Jewish literature. He supported a yeshiva at Bischheim and published at his own expense rare Hebrew books, among which was the Lechem Setarim of Solomon Nissim Algazi. Wessely wrote a poem in honor of Cerfbeer (in Ha-Meassef, 1786, p. 49), and Abraham Auerbach dedicated to him his poem "Dibre ha-Mekes we-Bittulo."

 References 
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Isidore Singer and Isaac Broydé (1901–1906). "Cerfbeer, Herz, of Medelsheim". In Singer, Isidore; et al. (eds.). The Jewish Encyclopedia. New York: Funk & Wagnalls.

 Jewish Encyclopedia Bibliography 
Löwenstein, Leopold, in Blätter für Jüdische Geschichte und Literatur, 1848, Nos. 1 and 2
Annuaire de la Société des Etudes Juives, ii. 154 et seq.
Glaser, Alfred, Geschichte der Juden in Strasburg, pp. 38 et seq.
Grätz, Heinrich, Geschichte der Juden, xi. 171 et seq.

Anwar Ibrahim
Anwar bin Ibrahim (Jawi: انور بن ابراهيم, IPA: [anwar ɪbrahɪm]; born 10 August 1947) is a Malaysian politician who has served as the tenth Prime Minister of Malaysia since 2022. He served as the 12th and 16th Leader of the Opposition from 2008 to 2015 and again from 2020 to 2022. He has been the chairman of the Pakatan Harapan (PH) coalition since 2020, the second President of the People's Justice Party (PKR) since 2018 and the Member of Parliament (MP) for Tambun since November 2022. He also served as Deputy Prime Minister and in many other Cabinet positions in the Barisan Nasional (BN) administration under former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad from 1982 to his removal in 1998.
A graduate of Malay Literature from the University of Malaya, Anwar started his political career as President of student union Persatuan Kebangsaan Pelajar Islam Malaysia (PKPIM) and one of the founders and 2nd President of youth organisation Angkatan Belia Islam Malaysia (ABIM). After joining the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the major party in the long-time ruling BN coalition, Anwar held several cabinet positions in successive governments in the 1980s and 1990s. He was Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister during the 1990s and was prominent in Malaysia's response to the 1997 Asian financial crisis. In 1998, he was removed from all posts by Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad and went on to spearhead the Reformasi movement against the government. Anwar was jailed in April 1999 after a trial for sodomy and corruption until his release in 2004 after his conviction was overturned. He made a comeback as Leader of the Opposition from 2008 to 2015 and coalesced opposition parties into the Pakatan Rakyat (PR) coalition, which unsuccessfully contested in the 2008 and 2013 general elections. He disputed the results of the 2013 elections and led a protest in response.
In 2014, Anwar's attempt to become Selangor head of government in the 2014 Kajang Move led to a nine-month political crisis, which ended when he was sentenced to another five years imprisonment after a second sodomy conviction in 2015. While still in prison, Anwar re-joined Mahathir Mohamad in the new Pakatan Harapan (PH) coalition in absentia, which went on to win the 2018 general election. Mahathir outlined a plan for Anwar to take over from himself as Prime Minister after an unspecified interim period. Anwar received a royal pardon from Yang di-Pertuan Agong Muhammad V and was released from prison in May 2018. He returned to parliament in the 2018 Port Dickson by-election while his wife Wan Azizah Wan Ismail served as the Deputy Prime Minister in the PH administration. The collapse of the coalition during the 2020–22 Malaysian political crisis led to the new Perikatan Nasional (PN) coalition under Muhyiddin Yassin being sworn in and Anwar becoming Leader of the Opposition for the second time in May 2020.
After leading Pakatan Harapan to win a plurality of seats at the 2022 Malaysian general election, Anwar was sworn in as the tenth Prime Minister of Malaysia on 24 November 2022. On 2 December 2022, Anwar appointed various members of Parliament from Pakatan Harapan, Gabungan Parti Sarawak (GPS), and UMNO to serve as ministers in the cabinet of the newly formed unity government. Anwar named himself as the Finance Minister. During his tenure, he and his government faced criticism for implementing numerous conservative policies, as well as the discharge not amounting to the acquittal of Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, who faced corruption charges.Moreover, former Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak also saw his prison sentence halved and fine reduced during Anwar's tenure, sparking further controversy.Anwar has long been an advocate for Islamic democracy and reforms to Malaysia's political system. Outside of politics, Anwar has held positions at various academic institutions.

 Early life and education 
Anwar bin Ibrahim was born in Cherok Tok Kun, Bukit Mertajam, Penang, Malaya. His father, Ibrahim bin Abdul Rahman, started his career as a hospital porter, later joined politics as the UMNO Member of Parliament for Seberang Perai Central between 1959 and 1969 and also as the Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Health from 1964 to 1969 until his defeat in the 1969 General Election by a candidate from Gerakan. His mother, Che Yan binti Hussein, was a housewife active in UMNO grassroots politics in Penang.He undertook his secondary education at the Malay College Kuala Kangsar. He was educated at the University of Malaya, where he got a bachelor's degree in Malay Studies, and worked on his Master in Literature through the National University of Malaysia while in prison from 1974 to 1975.

 Early years (1968–1982) 
From 1968 to 1971, as a student, Anwar was the president of the National Union of Malaysian Muslim Students. Around the same time, he was also the president of the University of Malaya Malay Language Society (Malay: Persatuan Bahasa Melayu Universiti Malaya (PBMUM)). In 1971, he was a member of the pro tem committee of Angkatan Belia Islam Malaysia (ABIM) or Muslim Youth Movement of Malaysia, which he co-founded. At the same time, he was elected as the 2nd President of the Malaysian Youth Council or Majlis Belia Malaysia (MBM). In 1974, Anwar was arrested during student protests against rural poverty and hunger. This came as a report surfaced stating that a family died from starvation in a village in Baling, in the state of Kedah, which was later demonstrated to be false. However, the rubber tappers in Baling were experiencing severe hardship as the price of rubber dropped in 1974. He was imprisoned under the Internal Security Act (ISA), which allows for detention without trial and spent 20 months in the Kamunting Detention Centre. From 1975 until 1982, he served as a representative for Asia Pacific of the World Assembly of Muslim Youth (WAMY). Anwar Ibrahim is also the co-founder of the International Institute of Islamic Thought (IIIT) in the USA (founded in 1981). Anwar has been one of four acting directors, a board member of IIIT and a trustee. He was also a chancellor of International Islamic University Kuala Lumpur between 1983 and 1988.

 Early political career (1982–1993) 
In 1982, Anwar, who was the founding leader and second president of an Islamic youth organisation called Angkatan Belia Islam Malaysia (ABIM), joined the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), led by Mahathir Mohamad, who had become prime minister in 1981.
Anwar rapidly rose to high-ranking positions; he first entered cabinet in 1982 as Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister's Department; his first ministerial office was that of Minister of Culture, Youth and Sports in 1983; after that, he headed the Agriculture Ministry in 1984 before becoming Minister of Education in 1986.
During his tenure as Education Minister, Anwar introduced numerous policies in the national school curriculum. One of his major changes was to rename the national language from Bahasa Malaysia to Bahasa Melayu. Non-Malays criticised this move as it would cause the younger generation to be detached from the national language since they would attribute it to being something that belongs to the Malays and not to Malaysians.
As the minister of education, Anwar was elected as the 25th President of UNESCO's General Conference. In 1988, Anwar Ibrahim became the second President of the International Islamic University of Malaysia. According to former Law Minister Zaid Ibrahim, Anwar is an Islamist who "helped Islamicise the whole government system" and played a major role in the Islamicisation of the education system when he was Education Minister in the 1980s.In 1991, Anwar was appointed as Minister of Finance. During his tenure as Finance Minister, his impact was immediate; Malaysia enjoyed unprecedented prosperity and economic growth. Shortly after becoming Finance Minister, Euromoney named him as a top-four finance minister and in 1996 Asiamoney named him Finance Minister of the Year. In the midst of the 1997 Asian financial crisis, Anwar, as a deputy prime minister and finance minister, was hailed for guiding Malaysia through the period of instability. Anwar backed free-market principles and highlighted the proximity of business and politics in Malaysia. He advocated greater accountability, refused to offer government bail-outs and instituted widespread spending cuts. In March 1998, Anwar was selected as the Chairman of the Development Committee of World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) from March 1998 until September 1998.

 Deputy Prime Minister (1993–1998) 
In 1993, he became Mahathir's Deputy Prime Minister after winning the Deputy Presidency of UMNO against Abdul Ghafar Baba, he was seen and expected to succeed Mahathir as prime minister as he frequently alluded in public to his "son-father" relationship with Mahathir. By then, speculation was rife about Anwar's ascent to the Deputy Prime Minister's position.
In May 1997, Mahathir had appointed Anwar to be acting Prime Minister while he took a two-month holiday. In Mahathir's absence, Anwar had independently taken radical steps, which directly conflicted with Mahathir's policies, to change the country's governing mechanisms. Issues such as how Malaysia would respond to a financial crisis were often at the forefront of this conflict. Towards the end of the 1990s, however, the relationship with Mahathir had begun to deteriorate, triggered by their conflicting views on governance.

 Financial crisis 
During the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, Anwar supported the IMF plan as a finance minister. He also instituted an austerity package that cut government spending by 18%, cut ministerial salaries and deferred major projects. "Mega projects", despite being a cornerstone of Mahathir's development strategy, were greatly curtailed.Although many Malaysian companies faced bankruptcy, Anwar declared: "There is no question of any bailout. The banks will be allowed to protect themselves and the government will not interfere."  Anwar advocated a free-market approach to the crisis, including foreign investment and trade liberalisation. Mahathir blamed currency speculators like George Soros for the crisis and supported currency controls and tighter regulation of foreign investment.

 Fall from power and first sodomy conviction 

In 1998 Newsweek magazine named Anwar the "Asian of the Year". However, in that year, matters between Anwar and Mahathir came to a head around the quadrennial UMNO General Assembly. The Youth wing of UMNO, headed by Anwar's associate Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, gave notice that it would initiate a debate on "cronyism and nepotism".  At the General Assembly, a book by Khalid Jafri, "50 Dalil Kenapa Anwar Tidak Boleh Jadi PM" ("50 Reasons Why Anwar Cannot Become Prime Minister") was circulated containing graphic allegations of homosexuality, as well as accusations of corruption against Anwar. Khalid Jafri was an ex-editor of the government-controlled newspaper Utusan Malaysia and former editor-in-chief of a failed magazine, Harian National. Anwar obtained a court injunction to prevent further distribution of the book and filed a lawsuit against the author for defamation. Police charged the author of the book with malicious publishing of false news. The police were instructed to investigate the veracity of the claims.
On 2 September 1998, Anwar was fired from the Cabinet, and many reports state that he was under investigation for sodomy, an act that is illegal in Malaysia. The following day, he was expelled from UMNO. In what the Sydney Morning Herald termed a "blatantly political fix-up", Anwar was arrested on 20 September 1998 and detained without trial under the country's controversial Internal Security Act (ISA). Weeks later, Anwar was charged with corruption for  allegedly interfering with his own police investigation. While he was in police custody in 1998, Anwar was beaten by the then Inspector General of Police, Rahim Noor. The public and the media only witnessed his black eye after being brought to Court for the first time. Rahim was subsequently found guilty of assault and jailed for two months in 2000. He made a public apology to Anwar and paid undisclosed damages.During the trial, a mattress supposedly stained with Anwar's semen was presented to the court as DNA evidence of Anwar's sexual acts. Anwar denied having anything to do with the mattress, although the DNA tests came out positive. Lim Kong Boon, a DNA chemist, testified during the trial that DNA taken from 10 of 13 semen stains on the mattress matched Anwar's DNA. The defence team implied that DNA samples may have been taken from Anwar, while unconscious, after his beating in police custody, to create false forensics evidence to frame Anwar; however, High Court Judge Augustine Paul accepted that DNA evidence.The High Court eventually handed down its decision in April 1999, sentencing Anwar to six years' imprisonment for corruption and sodomy. Two months later, he was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment for sodomy, which he was ordered to serve after completing his six-year sentence for corruption. His trial and conviction were widely discredited by the international community. Amnesty International stated that the trial proceedings "exposed a pattern of political manipulation of key state institutions including the police, public prosecutor's office and the judiciary" and declared Anwar a prisoner of conscience, stating that he had been arrested in order to silence him as a political opponent.The Federal Court overturned his conviction and Anwar was finally released from solitary confinement on 2 September 2004.

 Reformasi and formation of KEADILAN (1998–1999) 

Shortly after Anwar was dismissed as deputy prime minister, Anwar and his supporters initiated the Reformasi movement. It consisted of several mass demonstrations and rallies against the long-standing Barisan Nasional coalition government.
Reformasi led to the formation of a new multiracial-based party named Parti Keadilan Nasional or National Justice Party (KEADILAN). In 1999, a general election was held. The new KEADILAN, Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS), and Democratic Action Party (DAP) formed a Barisan Alternatif or Alternative Front (BA), in a combined initiative to replace the standing Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition government. In August 2003, KEADILAN merged with Parti Rakyat Malaysia or Malaysian's People Party (PRM) to form Parti Keadilan Rakyat or People's Justice Party (PKR) headed by Wan Azizah as president. PKR made huge gains in the 2008 general election, winning 31 seats and becoming the parliament's largest opposition party. In April 2008, PKR, PAS and DAP formed a new alliance named Pakatan Rakyat (PR).

 Interim years (1999–2007) 

 First sodomy conviction 
In 1999, Anwar brought suit against Prime Minister Mahathir for defamation for allegedly uttering accusations of immoral acts and calling Anwar a homosexual at a news conference in Malaysia.The sodomy verdict was partially overturned in 2004, resulting in Anwar's release from prison as he had already served his sentence for the corruption offence. Anwar successfully sued Khalid Jafri for his "50 Dalil Kenapa Anwar Tidak Boleh Jadi PM" book, but Khalid died in 2005 of complications from diabetes before the High Court found that he had committed libel and awarded Anwar millions of ringgit in compensation. The Federal Court on 8 March 2010 ruled that the 1998 dismissal of Anwar from his Cabinet posts by Mahathir was constitutional and valid, meaning Anwar had failed in his bid to challenge his sacking.An appeal on the corruption charges was heard on 6 September 2004. Under Malaysian law, a person is banned from political activities for five years after the end of his sentence. Success in this appeal would have allowed him to return to politics immediately. On 7 September, the court agreed to hear Anwar's appeal. However, on 15 September, the Court of Appeal ruled unanimously that its previous decision to uphold a High Court ruling that found Anwar guilty was in order, relegating Anwar to the sidelines of Malaysian politics until 14 April 2008. The only way for Anwar to have been freed from this structure would have been for him to receive a pardon from the Yang di-Pertuan Agong (the  Supreme Head of the Federation or unofficially the King of Malaysia).

 Teaching and non-profit work 
After his release from prison, Anwar held teaching positions at St Antony's College, Oxford, where he was a visiting fellow and senior associate member, at Johns Hopkins University's School of Advanced International Studies in Washington DC as a Distinguished Senior Visiting Fellow, and in 2005–2006 as a visiting professor at the Prince Alwaleed Center for Muslim–Christian Understanding in the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. In March 2006 he was appointed as Honorary President of the London-based organisation AccountAbility (Institute of Social and Ethical AccountAbility).In July 2006, Anwar was elected Chair of the Washington-based Foundation For the Future. In this capacity, he signed 1 October 2006 letter to Robin Cleveland of the World Bank, requesting the transfer of Shaha Riza from the US Department of State to the Foundation for the Future. This transaction led to Paul Wolfowitz's resignation as president of the organisation. He was one of the signatories of "A Common Word Between Us and You" in 2007, an open letter by Islamic scholars to Christian leaders, calling for peace and understanding.

 Return to politics 
In November 2006, Anwar announced he planned to run for Parliament in 2008 after his disqualification expired. Anwar was critical of government policies after his release from prison, most notably the New Economic Policy (NEP), which provided affirmative action for the Bumiputras. The policy set a number of quotas, such as for units of housing and initial public offerings, that must be met.Before he became re-entitled to run for Parliament in 2008, he acted as an "advisor" of Parti Keadilan Rakyat, the party of which his wife Dr Wan Azizah was president. He was at the forefront in organising a November 2007 mass rally, called the 2007 Bersih Rally, which took place at Dataran Merdeka, Kuala Lumpur, to demand clean and fair elections. The gathering was organised by Bersih, a coalition comprising political parties and civil society groups, and drew supporters from all over the country.The 2008 general election date was set for 8 March 2008, before Anwar's disqualification from politics expired, sparking criticisms that Barisan Nasional called for early elections in a bid to deny Anwar's plans for a return to Parliament. In response, Anwar's wife, Wan Azizah Wan Ismail, declared that she would step down should she retain her Permatang Pauh parliamentary seat to force a by-election in which Anwar himself would contest.When asked about the possibility of Anwar becoming the next Prime Minister, former leader Tun Dr Mahathir reacted by saying, "He would make a good Prime Minister of Israel".On 14 April 2008, Anwar celebrated his official return to the political stage, as his ban from public office expired a decade after he was fired as Deputy Prime Minister. The opposition seized a third of parliamentary seats and five states in the worst-ever showing for the Barisan Nasional coalition that has ruled for half a century, with Anwar at the helm. A gathering of more than 40,000 supporters greeted Anwar in a rally welcoming his return to politics. Police interrupted Anwar after he had addressed the rally for nearly two hours and called for him to stop the gathering since there was no legal permission for the rally.On 29 April 2008, after 10 years of absence, he returned to the Parliament, albeit upon invitation as a spouse guest of Wan Azizah Wan Ismail, People's Justice Party and the first female opposition leader in Malaysian Parliament's history.

 Permatang Pauh by-election 

Anwar Ibrahim was victorious in the Permatang Pauh by-election held on 26 August 2008. Muhammad Muhammad Taib, information chief of the UMNO, stated: "Yes, of course we have lost ... we were the underdogs going into this race." Final results announced by the Election Commission revealed that Anwar Ibrahim won 31,195 of the estimated 47,000 votes cast in the district, while Arif Shah Omar Shah received 15,524 votes and a third candidate had 92 votes.On 28 August 2008, Anwar, dressed in a dark blue traditional Malay outfit and black songkok hat, took the oath at the main chamber of Parliament house in Kuala Lumpur, as MP for Permatang Pauh at 10.03 am before Speaker Tan Sri Pandikar Amin Mulia. He formally declared Anwar the leader of the 3-party opposition alliance. With his daughter Nurul Izzah Anwar, also a parliamentarian, Anwar announced: "I'm glad to be back after a decade. The prime minister has lost the mandate of the country and the nation." At that time Anwar needed 30 government lawmakers to defect to the Opposition to form the next government.

 First term as Leader of the Opposition (2008–2015) 
On 26 August 2008, Anwar won re-election in the Permatang Pauh by-election and returned to Parliament as Leader of the Opposition. He has stated the need for liberalisation, including an independent judiciary and free media, to combat the endemic corruption that he considers pushes Malaysia close to failed state status.

 Petition against Najib Razak 
Anwar continued to attack Najib on his first day as prime minister, stating he found inconsistencies in the latter's decision to release 13 Internal Security Act (ISA) detainees. He said as long as the ISA existed, Barisan Nasional could still detain citizens at will. In September 2011 Prime Minister Najib Razak acted to abolish the ISA and three other laws. Some members of the opposition did not view this in a positive way.

 Parliamentary censure over APCO and 1Malaysia 
Anwar has made numerous remarks about a supposed conspiracy among the Malaysian government, APCO (a public relations firm retained by the Malaysian government), Israel, and the United States. Anwar condemned the Malaysian government for seeking advice from APCO. He claims that the firm is linked to the "murder of Muslims in Palestine." He further claims to have given proof to a disciplinary committee of the Malaysian parliament, investigating his comments, that APCO is a front for the Israeli government. On another occasion, Anwar, speaking from the parliament, claimed that the firm was controlled by Jews and working on behalf of the American government to influence Malaysian foreign policy. He further implied that changes in Malaysian foreign policy could only be explained if Jews were manipulating Malaysia for the United States.On 22 April 2010 Anwar was censured by Malaysia's parliament for remarks he made during a press conference in parliament on 30 March 2010. During the press conference, Anwar claimed to have documents linking 1Malaysia with One Israel and the public relations firm APCO but refused to allow access to the documents when challenged. The Malaysian government and APCO have both strongly denied Anwar's allegations. The censure motion passed by the House of Representatives referred Anwar's case to the Rights and Privileges Committee which will recommend a punishment for approval by the full chamber. Such punishment could include being banned from parliament. However Anwar retaliated against the Malaysian government attacks by producing two documents to support his claims of links between APCO and 1Malaysia.

 Attempts to form a majority coalition 
Anwar has missed several deadlines he personally set for the transfer of power. Anwar said he would need more time, and the recalibration of his message has not gone unnoticed: Deputy Prime Minister Najib Razak chose that day to initiate a broadband internet program Anwar opposes, saying that he had not doubted that the government would still be in office on 16 September. Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi too pointed out that Anwar had missed his own deadline, and dismissed his claim to have secured the defection of 30 MPs.By 25 September, Anwar had still not amassed enough votes, creating doubts for Malaysians about whether he was really ready to take power, particularly in light of his failure to meet his own 16 September deadline for the transition of power.  In the interim, UMNO had its own party meeting to broker Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi's step down from power in June 2009, a year earlier than previously promised.On 24 October 2008, Anwar admitted problems with his stalled bid to topple the UMNO's majority, saying that Pakatan Rakyat is running out of options to create a majority. His "credibility among ordinary Malaysians has been somewhat dented after Sept 16 and the new promise of forming the Government has not generated the sort of anticipation or excitement as before." Media within the country have taken an increasingly hostile view towards Anwar's protestations and failed threats to assemble a majority government.

 2013 general election 

In the 2013 general election (GE13), Anwar Ibrahim, as the Leader of the Opposition, led his Pakatan Rakyat coalition (comprising the three parties DAP, PAS, and PKR) to contest in the election. On 25 February 2013, Pakatan Rakyat launched their manifesto titled The People's Manifesto: Pakatan the hope of the people, pledging to reduce their financial burden, among other promises. Anwar, who has taught at Oxford and Georgetown University, said he would return to academic life if he lost the next election to incumbent prime minister Najib Razak.
Pakatan Rakyat did not achieve the regime change target in the election despite obtaining 50.9% of the popular vote compared to the 47.4% gained by Barisan Nasional. This was attributed to the heavy malapportionment of the electoral districts. Pakatan Rakyat also gained 7 more parliamentary seats compared to the 12th general election.
Anwar did not concede defeat, alleging widespread electoral fraud. Al Jazeera reported that Anwar Ibrahim came close to winning the election on 5 May 2013 but refused to admit defeat, and therefore also did not step down. In an interview for ABC News, interviewer Jim Middleton suggested that Anwar Ibrahim was going to be the Lee Kuan Yew of the Malaysian opposition. Anwar answered that he was not at that stage yet.
On 7 May 2013, Anwar Ibrahim vowed to lead a "fierce movement" to reform the country's electoral system and challenge the results of an election he lost. On 8 May 2013, about 120,000 people wearing black gathered at Petaling Jaya Stadium, Kelana Jaya, Selangor, to attend a rally organised by Anwar to protest against the election results and demand a free and fair election. The #Black505 movement continued for another 2 months with touring all over the country. A successful fundraising #Black505 dinner was held in Thean Hou Temple hall on 22 June 2013, hosted by Wangsa Maju MP Datuk Dr Tan Kee Kwong on behalf of PKR. Anwar Ibrahim immediately launched electoral petitions for over 30 disputed parliamentary seats in July 2013. However, the cases were thrown off election court for technical reasons. Anwar described the decision as a bad decision and disgraced the name of the country's judicial institution.

 Kajang Move 

On 27 January 2014, the member of the Selangor State Legislative Assembly for Kajang, Lee Chin Cheh, resigned. This triggered a by-election. A day later, Anwar Ibrahim was announced as Pakatan Rakyat candidate for the by-election. Anwar's candidacy was originally to propel him to become Selangor's Menteri Besar. Later, this move was known as the "Kajang Move".
This move, however, did not materialize as he was sentenced to five years' prison after Malaysia's Court of Appeal overturned his sodomy acquittal, causing Anwar to lose his qualification to be the state assembly candidate. On 9 March 2014, PKR announced party president Dr Wan Azizah Wan Ismail as its new candidate for the Kajang by-election. Anwar's Datuk Seri title was stripped by the Sultan of Selangor for "repeated questioning of the integrity" of the state's ruler during the subsequent crisis that saw the Sultan refuse to appoint Wan Azizah as Menteri Besar. Anwar was able to continue using the "Datuk Seri" title because it had also been conferred on him by several other Malaysian states.

 2008-2014 sodomy trials 

On 29 June 2008, online news portal Malaysiakini reported that a male aide of Anwar, Saiful Bukhari Azlan, had lodged a police report claiming that he had been sodomised by Anwar. Anwar said that the possibility of a prison sentence as a result of the allegations could be seen as an attempt to remove him from the leadership of the opposition following his growing support and by-election victories. He also reaffirmed his innocence and cited evidence in the form of medical reports. In July 2008, he was arrested over allegations of sodomy again, but was acquitted of the charge in January 2012 by The High Court. The presiding judge ruled that DNA evidence used in the case had been compromised and was unreliable. The prosecution filed an appeal against the acquittal.On 7 March 2014, the Court of Appeal overturned the acquittal by unanimously deciding that the High Court failed to "critically evaluate" the evidence submitted by government chemist Dr Seah Lay Hong. The Court of Appeal rushed through a unanimous decision, signed by all three judges, and sentenced Anwar to five years imprisonment, disqualifying him from nomination in the Kajang by-election scheduled on 11 March. The conviction was viewed by some as a politically motivated attempt to prevent Anwar from contesting in the 2014 Kajang by-election, which he was expected to win and becoming Selangor's chief minister. Human Rights Watch and the International Commission of Jurists have accused the Malaysian government of meddling in this particular judicial matter and said the verdict was politically motivated. On 10 February 2015, the Federal Court of Malaysia upheld the decision of the Court of Appeal and affirmed the five-year prison sentence. He was sent immediately to Sungai Buloh Prison, Selangor, to serve the sentence.

 Pakatan Harapan backbencher (2018–2020) 

 Royal pardon and release 
After the Pakatan Rakyat's dissolution during his imprisonment, a new opposition coalition named the Pakatan Harapan was formed with Anwar as the de facto leader in absentia. The coalition had come into power by overthrowing Barisan Nasional in the 2018 general election (GE14). Following the formation of the new ruling government, Anwar was given a full royal pardon and was released from prison on 16 May 2018. He was designated to take over the reins from interim Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad as planned and agreed by the coalition before GE14. In an interview, he justified his reluctance to immediately step into power on the basis that Mahathir has appeared committed to the reform agenda, and doing a good job tackling a "disintegrating" political system. He also added that he was keen to travel and honour speaking engagements. Anwar also indicated that he initially had reservations about Mahathir's "reconciliation efforts", but he eventually forgave his former enemy after Mahathir showed "compassion and concern which (Anwar) thought was absent in the past".

 Return to parliament through Port Dickson by-election 

Anwar returned to Parliament through the Port Dickson by-election on 13 October 2018, after receiving a royal pardon for a sodomy conviction he maintained was politically motivated. He won the by-election with an increased majority, returning to Parliament for the first time in three years. The seat had been vacated by army veteran Danyal Balagopal Abdullah, with rumours circulating that he was paid RM25 million for doing so.

 Sheraton Move and return to opposition 

In late February 2020, the Pakatan Harapan government of Dr Mahathir Mohamad collapsed following defections by Anwar's deputy, Azmin Ali, and several PKR MPs aligned to him, along with the withdrawal of BERSATU by party President Muhyiddin Yassin from Pakatan Harapan. Mahathir promptly resigned from the premiership, as well as from his party, BERSATU. The political manoeuvring has been labelled the "Sheraton Move" for the hotel in Petaling Jaya at which defecting MPs gathered with the opposition to show support for a new government. Following the resignation of Mahathir, Anwar attempted to gather support for his appointment as Prime Minister. However, BERSATU president, Muhyiddin Yassin, was eventually appointed Prime Minister, with the support of a slender majority in the Dewan Rakyat. Thus, Pakatan Harapan returned to the opposition benches, while Anwar was named Opposition Leader.

 Second term as Leader of the Opposition (2020–2022) 
While Muhyiddin formed a government under the auspices of a new coalition known as Perikatan Nasional, Mahathir attempted to regain his post with his Pakatan allies. However, under Anwar's leadership, KEADILAN refused to endorse Mahathir's bid for a third term as premier, claiming the nonagenarian had reneged on his repeated pledge to hand over the office to Anwar. Mahathir, in turn, refused to lend support to Anwar's candidacy, and nominated Sabah Chief Minister, Shafie Apdal, for the Prime Minister's post instead. Despite the support of allies DAP and Amanah for this compromise, KEADILAN again rejected the proposal and continued to propose Anwar as the coalition candidate.

 Support from UMNO MPs 
In September 2020, Anwar claimed to have gathered support from a "formidable" majority of MPs for his appointment as Prime Minister. The move however failed. In July 2022, Anwar said he had the chance to lead the country when a majority of MPs signed statutory declarations backing him as prime minister. However, he claimed he was forced to back down from his quest to become prime minister as he was asked to give assurances to key figures in Barisan Nasional and UMNO that he would discontinue their court cases.

 Leaked phone call with Zahid Hamidi 
In April 2021, the four-minute clip, allegedly of a phone conversation between Anwar and UMNO's president, Zahid Hamidi, was first posted on Facebook and started with Zahid's speech during the recent UMNO general assembly, in which he said the party in which he is the president would not accept Anwar, DAP or BERSATU as allies. It was followed by a phone conversation, with the speaker who sounded like Anwar praising the other for the speech. Zahid has since expressed his shock and disappointment at the recording, calling it fake and an attempt to weaken and destroy UMNO, while Anwar has also rejected the audio recording, similarly calling it fake and slanderous and the latest ploy by "some elements in the government leadership" to damage inter-party ties within the Opposition Pakatan Harapan coalition ahead of GE15.Although Anwar did not publicly admit his involvement, he said the leaked audio recording of a conversation between himself and Zahid does not reveal any wrongdoing and is simply a political tactic to try and damage his reputation. He says that if the recording is genuine, then there is no problem as there is no evidence of treachery or corruption.In July 2021, Zahid Hamidi has admitted that it was his voice in a recording of a phone conversation with Anwar, which exposed his cooperation with the PKR leader. Zahid also admitted that he had signed a letter supporting Anwar as prime minister.

 2022 general election 
In the 20 October 2022 PH convention, PH officially announced Anwar Ibrahim as the coalition's candidate for prime minister in the 2022 general election. Anwar announced he will contest the Tambun parliamentary seat in the 2022 general election. He declared Perak as PH's GE15 frontline state. If he becomes PM, the first order of business will be to form a smaller cabinet and reduce cabinet ministers' salaries. Anwar has picked Tambun as one of the seats to contest in the upcoming general election as a message that treachery in politics is not acceptable. The incumbent Tambun MP is former Perak's Menteri Besar Ahmad Faizal Azumu, who is accused of traitorously switching sides to Perikatan Nasional shortly after the Sheraton Move.In the 2022 Malaysian general election on 19 November 2022, Anwar's Pakatan Harapan coalition won a plurality of 82 seats out of 222, below the 112 seats needed for a majority. On 20 November, Anwar said that Pakatan Harapan had negotiated with other parties to form the federal government with a majority pending approval by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, but Anwar refused to mention which other parties were cooperating with Pakatan Harapan. Also that day, Perikatan Nasional leader Muhyiddin Yassin claimed to have a sufficient majority to be appointed as Prime Minister, citing support from Perikatan Nasional, Barisan Nasional, Gabungan Parti Sarawak, and Gabungan Rakyat Sabah. On 21 November, Anwar was one of several Pakatan Harapan leaders that met in Seri Pacific Hotel with several Barisan Nasional leaders, including Ahmad Zahid Hamidi and Ismail Sabri Yaakob.On 22 November, the royal palace stated that after the Yang di-Pertuan Agong reviewed the statutory declarations for prime minister, he found that "no member of parliament has the majority support to be appointed prime minister", so the Yang di-Pertuan Agong summoned Anwar and Muhyiddin to meet him. After the meeting, Muhyiddin said that the Yang di-Pertuan Agong proposed a unity government between Pakatan Harapan and Perikatan Nasional, but Muhyiddin rejected it as Perikatan Nasional "will not cooperate" with Pakatan Harapan; while Anwar acknowledged that the prime minister had yet to be determined, while stating that "given time, I think we will secure a simple majority".Anwar was sworn in as Malaysia's 10th Prime Minister on 24 November 2022, by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, Al-Sultan Abdullah, after consulting with the Conference of Rulers of Malaysia. However, Muhyiddin continued to insist that he had the support of a majority of 115 MPs to form the next government and called on Anwar to prove his majority by showing his Statutory Declarations. As of 24 November, Anwar had received support from MPs from PH, BN, GPS, Warisan, MUDA and PBM, as well as independent MPs. Anwar pledged to hold a vote of confidence on 19 December 2022, once MPs had been sworn into the Dewan Rakyat.On 25 November, both Anwar and GRS leader Hajiji Noor stated that GRS had joined the unity government, supporting Anwar; this resulted in Anwar having two-thirds support in Parliament, stated Anwar. Meanwhile, Muhyiddin congratulated Anwar and acknowledged him as Prime Minister, thanked Anwar for inviting PN to join the unity government, and declined Anwar's invitation, stating that PN would play the role of a "credible opposition" to ensure "corruption-free governance".

 Prime Minister (2022–present) 

 Cabinet appointments 
Anwar announced his cabinet on 2 December 2022. He reappointed himself the Minister of Finance, while appointing the Chairman of BN and President of UMNO Ahmad Zahid Hamidi and the Parliamentary Whip of Gabungan Parti Sarawak (GPS) Fadillah Yusof as the Deputy Prime Ministers, this is also the first time Malaysia there are two deputy prime ministers in office concurrently. Zahid's appointment was in spite of his ongoing trials for money laundering, bribery and criminal breach of trust. The Straits Times of Singapore has referred to the Anwar cabinet as a "kleptocrat" cabinet. Ending months of speculation, Anwar carried out the first cabinet reshuffle during his prime ministership on 12 December 2023, appointing five new ministers and deputy ministers respectively. 

 Domestic affairs 
During Anwar's tenure as prime minister, he advocated for Malaysia to become more Islamic and conservative. He supported that Islamic civilisation be taught at every level. On 11 June 2023, Anwar has told Jakim, the Islamic development department, to provide greater input into government policymaking. However he later refuted claims by certain parties that he tried to apply the Islamic concept excessively in his government when he wanted to expand the role of the Jakim. On 17 June, Anwar's government has approved an RM8.9 million allocation for Islamic religious institutions in Kedah. On 25 August, Anwar said the implementation of the "Imam al-Nawawi's 40 Hadith" appreciation module in public schools was intended for Muslim students in the country to master and truly understand Islam. His government also has banned Swatch watches with LGBTQ themes and their related materials, including boxes, wrappers, and accessories, making wearing a rainbow-themed Swatch watch in Malaysia punishable by three years in jail.
Anwar has come under fire from many long-time supporters who accused him of not following through on past commitments. When Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi was acquitted of some of the bribery charges against him, Anwar was accused of placing political power ahead of principles. Malaysian United Democratic Alliance (MUDA) President Syed Saddiq also announced his party's withdrawal from the government bench, citing unacceptable hypocrisy and abuse of power. Polls have shown Anwar’s popularity is falling even as he attempts to win more support from Malay-Muslim voters.On 11 September 2023, Anwar said the government is set to organise a bumiputera economic congress next year. On 11 October, Anwar said he has extended the olive branch to Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS), and is ready to consider making the Islamist party a partner in the unity government. On 25 October, Anwar reminded all government departments not to entertain any letters written in a language other than the national language.On 8 December 2023, Anwar and his "unity government" celebrated their first year in power with a three-day event. Analysts suggest that this grand celebration aims to highlight the ruling coalition's accomplishments and its capacity to uphold political stability. On the final day of 2023, The Economist contends that Anwar is wasting his opportunity.On 28 January 2024, Anwar appointed pro-govt Bersatu Bukit Gantang MP Syed Abu Hussin Hafiz to lead the government committee on rising food prices and the cost of living. Syed Abu Hussein had declared his support for the prime minister during a Dewan Rakyat sitting on November 28, 2023.

 International affairs 

On 28 January 2023, Anwar announced that Malaysia would immediately issue one million copies of the Quran to be distributed worldwide in response to the burning of the holy book in Sweden.In October 2023, Anwar strongly condemned Israel in the Israel–Hamas war. He called for a ceasefire and for Palestinians to be "treated as human beings". His government's education ministry launched Palestine Solidarity Week in support of Palestine and was criticized after students used mock guns on campus. The U.S. Embassy formally requested the Foreign Ministry to designate Hamas as a terrorist group on two occasions – October 13 and October 30. Additionally, Malaysia's ambassador to Washington was summoned by the State Department on October 18. Anwar reiterated Palestine's right to defend itself, and said Malaysia will continue its relationship with Hamas irrespective of U.S. pressure.On 20 December 2023, Anwar announced an immediate ban on ships bearing the Israeli flag from docking in Malaysia. Additionally, vessels destined for Israel will be prohibited from loading cargo at Malaysian ports.

 Malaysia-Sulu Case 
Litigation around the Malaysia-Sulu Case and the battle against the self-proclaimed heirs of the Sultan of Sulu has featured prominently in Ibrahim's prime ministership. His cabinet's response to the claims made by the purported Sulu descendants has been led by Azalina Othman Said, minister for Law and Institutional Reforms in the Malaysian Prime Minister's Department.Ibrahim has also been vocal about his criticism of the claimants as well as the arbitration award announced by Spanish lawyer and arbitrator Gonzalo Stampa, calling the decision “sham and abusive". Stampa had ruled in favor of the Sulu claimants and announced a settlement of US$14.9 billion payable by Malaysia, the largest arbitration award in history. The Malaysian government led by Ibrahim won a major battle early in 2023 when the Spanish Constitutional Court rejected Sulu claimants’ appeal against the annulment of the appointment Gonzalo Stampa as the arbitrator. Later in June 2023, the Hague Court of Appeal also dismissed an appeal by the claimants to enforce the award in the Netherlands.Anwar Ibrahim hailed the decision as a “landmark victory”, adding that it would put an end to "the frivolous attempts" of the claimants to enforce the award in foreign jurisdictions. He said the Malaysian government "would not entertain any claims, be it by the Sulu claimants or the Philippine government, as Sabah is Malaysia’s 'sacred' territory".He also said the Malaysian government "would stop at nothing to protect the country's sovereignty, national security and national interest. The Sulu case demonstrates a grave violation of Malaysia's sovereign immunity, which matters to every citizen of Malaysia Madani"."We will take all necessary actions to recover the costs for the public resources that Malaysia has been forced to expend in dealing with these claims. The government is confident that justice will prevail for the people of Malaysia," he said.

 Controversies and issues 
On 3 January 2023, Anwar appointed his daughter Nurul Izzah Anwar as the Chief Economic and Financial Advisor to the Prime Minister, which raised doubts and disagreements from all sides and also garnered criticism for government nepotism.On 11 July 2023, Bersatu information committee member Badrul Hisham Shaharin urged Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) to investigate Anwar over the ownership of the latter's personal residence in Kajang, Selangor. Putrajaya police chief A. Asmadi Abdul Aziz, when contacted, confirmed receiving the report, saying that an investigation will be carried out. Anwar's political secretary Ahmad Farhan Fauzi saying that he had lodged a police report against Badrul Hisham, former Bersatu information chief Wan Saiful Wan Jan, and blogger Raggie Jessy Rithaudeen over their allegedly defamatory remarks.On 18 August 2023, Anwar's open conversion of a Hindu youth to Islam after Friday prayers at a mosque in Klang, Selangor, has sparked criticism among non-Muslims. Several NGOs, including the Kuala Lumpur and Selangor Chinese Assembly Hall (KLSCAH) criticised Anwar for presiding over the ceremony. Former Penang deputy chief minister Ramasamy Palanisamy said that such an act shows that Anwar has no respect or gratitude towards the Indian community, which has sacrificed a lot for the welfare of the country. An activist, who criticised Anwar's act of converting a Hindu man to Islam was questioned by the police.On 4 September 2023, High Court's decision to drop 47 embezzlement charges against Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi stirred outrage. This raised questions about the credibility of Anwar's reform agenda and his commitment to clean up the country's corruption-ridden politics. Anwar requires the support of Ahmad Zahid's United Malays National Organisation to maintain a parliamentary majority, and the prosecutors' decision to drop the case will invite scrutiny concerning the government's position on corruption cases involving other UMNO leaders, most notably former Prime Minister Najib Razak.Former Malaysian Bar president Ambiga Sreenevasan and former ambassador Dennis Ignatius question the anti-corruption talk by Anwar's Pakatan Harapan-led administration. Freelance writer P. Gunasegaram commented on Malaysiakini that the credibility of Anwar's vow to combat corruption in Malaysia had crumbled to dust. Anwar has denied having a hand in the court's decision. He also said former attorney-general Idrus Harun insisted on seeking a conditional discharge, and said Parliament is no place to debate the conditional discharge.

 Political positions and views 
Anwar has advocated for Islamic democracy and has expressed hope that Malaysia be an example of democratic practices in the Muslim world. He has been described as a "liberal reformer, talented technocrat, genuine intellectual and perhaps even a man capable of bringing the spirit of the Arab Spring to one of Asia's largest majority Muslim nations." He has supported the Islamic concept of Ummah as a framework for democracy in Muslim countries, and called the three-world model "redundant" and "simplistic". Anwar has called for judicial independence, good governance and rejection of authoritarianism. During his time as a youth activist in his early career, he expressed his admiration for Philippine revolutionary José Rizal.During his early political career in the 1960s, Anwar said that he supported affirmative action policies for Malays due to his concern about the dominance of Malaysian Chinese in businesses, but later changed his views. After leaving prison, he said that he considered "Malay supremacy" a "major problem". Referencing longstanding affirmative action policies for Malays and other bumiputera, in 2019 he called for transitioning to "affirmative-action policies [being] premised on need instead of race" and that those living in poverty can receive government support regardless of their race.In 2018, The Guardian described him as a "uniting figure" for the opposition throughout his imprisonment and trials.

 Israel and Palestine 
In a press conference at the London School of Economics in March 2010, Anwar stated that Jews should not be condemned, but rather only the state ideology of Zionism and the aggression and injustice perpetrated against the Palestinians. He also believes that there are good and bad Jews, just as there are good and bad Muslims. In May 2010, B'nai B'rith International, a prominent Jewish human rights organisation, argued that Anwar has used his position in Malaysian parliament to spread anti-Semitic propaganda, such as his claim that Israeli spies are "directly involved in the running of the government". B'nai B'rith asked US officials to suspend their ties with Anwar Ibrahim.In a 2012 interview with The Wall Street Journal, Anwar Ibrahim stated that he believes the policy towards Israel and Palestine should be clear – protecting the security of Israel while also being firm in protecting the legitimate interests of the Palestinians. Anwar later clarified his stance, saying that the remarks were consistent with the two-state solution adopted by the United Nations and Malaysia itself.Anwar has also condemned US bias over the Israel-Palestine conflict, and called for Malaysia to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine.

 LGBT issues 

Anwar has stated that he opposes gay marriage and upholds the sanctity of marriage between men and women. In a 2015 interview with BBC, Anwar reaffirmed his belief that marriage should remain between men and women. However, he stated that laws on sodomy in Malaysia must be changed as they are archaic. He clarified that he does not advocate legalising homosexuality or making gay marriage permissible — only that the laws should be amended to ensure private affairs are not penalised. In 2018, he has urged religious people of all faiths to counter the demand by "super liberals" for LGBT rights. In December 2022, he has filed a defamation suit to Perak PAS chief Razman Zakaria over his claim in a speech that Anwar is an LGBT supporter. In an interview with Radio Television Malaysia (RTM) on 6 January 2023, Anwar said that the rights of the LGBT community, the concept of a secular state and communist ideologies will not be recognised under his administration.In a 2023 CNN interview, Anwar has stated that while he does not support the LGBT lifestyle, he does not condone harassment or discrimination against them. He believes that the majority of Malaysians are against the public display of LGBT behavior, but he also believes that it is important to respect the rights of all individuals and to not allow excessive action or harassment against the LGBT community.

 Personal life 
Anwar is an ethnic Malay and a Muslim. He married Wan Azizah Wan Ismail on 26 February 1980. They have five daughters and a son. His eldest daughter, Nurul Izzah Anwar, at the last general election failed to retain her position as the MP for Permatang Pauh.
During his trials and time in prison in the 2000s, Anwar spent time in solitary confinement, and experienced frequent beatings which required him to undertake surgery in Germany upon his release. He once appeared in court with a black eye. Anwar has professed an interest in the works of William Shakespeare, and said that he read a copy of his complete works four and a half times during his imprisonment. He presented a paper to the World Shakespeare Congress in 2006. In prison, he also said he survived by singing songs and reading.

 Election results 

 Awards and recognitions 

 Honours of Malaysia 
 Pahang :
 Grand Knight of the Order of Sultan Ahmad Shah of Pahang (SSAP) – Dato' Sri (1990)
 Malacca :
 Grand Commander of the Exalted Order of Malacca (DGSM) – Datuk Seri (1991)
 Penang :
 Companion of the Order of the Defender of State (DMPN) – Dato' (1991)
 Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Defender of State (DUPN) – Dato' Seri Utama (1994)
 Selangor :
 Knight Grand Companion of the Order of Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah (SSSA) – Dato' Seri (1992, revoked on 3 November 2014)
 Negeri Sembilan :
 Knight Grand Commander of the Order of Loyalty to Negeri Sembilan (SPNS) – Dato' Seri Utama (1994)
 Sabah :
 Grand Commander of the Order of Kinabalu (SPDK) – Datuk Seri Panglima (1994)
 Perak :
 Grand Knight of the Order of Cura Si Manja Kini (SPCM) – Dato' Seri (1995)
 Perlis :
 Knight Grand Companion of the Order of the Gallant Prince Syed Putra Jamalullail (SSPJ) – Dato' Seri Diraja (1995)

 Foreign honours 
 Philippines:
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Knights of Rizal (KGCR) (1997)

 Honorary degrees 
 Indonesia :
Honorary Ph.D. degree in Political Education from Universitas Negeri Padang (2018)
 Philippines :
Honorary Ph.D. degree in law from University of the Philippines Diliman (2023)

 Writings 

 Books 
Menangani Perubahan [Managing Changes], 1989.
Gelombang Kebangkitan Asia [The Asian Renaissance], 1996.
Keadilan Bagi Orang yang Bersolat [Justice For People Who Pray], 2022.

 Prefaces 
Malek Bennabi, Islam in History and Society, 1991.
Ziauddin Sardar, The Future of Muslim Civilization, 2006.

 See also 
Caucus on Reform and Governance
Port Dickson (federal constituency)
Permatang Pauh (federal constituency)
Tambun (federal constituency)

 References 

 Other references 
Kamarudin, Raja Petra (7 November 2005). "The stuff politicians are made of". Malaysia Today. Archived from the original on 23 January 2008. Retrieved 17 July 2008.
Kamarudin, Raja Petra (9 November 2005). "The Anwar Factor". Malaysia Today. Archived from the original on 14 January 2008. Retrieved 17 July 2008.
Yeoh, Oon (6 December 2005). "The return of Anwar Ibrahim". Malaysia Today. Archived from the original on 5 June 2008. Retrieved 17 July 2008.
Shari, Izatun (30 June 2008). "Najib denies involvement in Anwar sodomy allegation". The Star. Archived from the original on 3 July 2008. Retrieved 17 July 2008.
"Anwar challenges PM and DPM to debate on fuel prices". The Star. 6 June 2008. Archived from the original on 9 July 2008. Retrieved 17 July 2008.

 Bibliography 
Alias Muhammad, PAS' Platform: Development and Change, 1951–1986, Gateway Publishing House, 1994, ISBN 9677500236
Charles Allers, The Evolution of a Muslim Democrat: The Life of Malaysia's Anwar Ibrahim, Peter Lang, 2013, ISBN 9781433123566
Moktar Petah, Kerajaan mansuh kekebalan Raja Melayu, ART Media, 1993, ISBN 9839835009

 External links 

Official homepage
Profile: Anwar Ibrahim
Victor Pogadaev. Anwar Ibrahim – A Phoenix Rising From Ashes

NFC North
The National Football Conference – Northern Division or NFC North  is one of the four divisions of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL). Nicknamed the "Black and Blue Division" for the rough and tough rivalry games between the teams, it currently has four members: the Chicago Bears, Detroit Lions, Green Bay Packers, and Minnesota Vikings, with the latter three based within most definitions of the Upper Midwest. The NFC North was previously known as the NFC Central from 1970 to 2001. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers were previously members, from 1977, one year after they joined the league as an expansion team, until 2002 when they moved to the NFC South. 
The division was created in 1967 as the Central Division of the NFL's Western Conference and existed for three seasons before the AFL–NFL merger. After the merger, it was renamed the NFC Central and retained that name until the NFL split into eight divisions in 2002. The four current division teams have been together in the same division or conference since the Vikings joined the league in 1961. The Bears, Lions (known as the Portsmouth Spartans until 1934) and Packers have been in the same division or conference since the NFL began a conference format in 1933. Largely because the four teams have played each other at least twice a year, with the exception of the strike-shortened 1982 season, for more than 60 years (more than 80 years in the case of the Bears, Lions and Packers), the entire division is considered one very large rivalry.
The division has a total of five Super Bowl wins. The Packers have won four and the Bears one, with the most recent happening at the conclusion of the 2010 season. Of the ten NFL teams with the highest winning percentage throughout their respective franchise histories, three of them are in the NFC North (the Packers, the Bears, and the Vikings). Conversely, the Lions have one of the lowest winning percentages in the NFL, including the first winless 16-game season in NFL history, in 2008.The Packers hold an overall regular season record of 790–590–38 (through the end of the 2022 season) with an overall playoff record of 36–25, four Super Bowl titles in five Super Bowl appearances, and nine pre-Super Bowl league titles.  The Bears hold an overall regular season record of 786–624–42 with an overall playoff record of 17–20, one Super Bowl title in two Super Bowl appearances, and eight pre-Super Bowl league titles.  The Vikings hold an overall regular season record of 516–425–11 with an overall playoff record of 21–31, no Super Bowl titles in four Super Bowl appearances, and one league title. The Lions hold an overall regular season record of 579–702–34 with an overall playoff record of 7–13, and four pre-Super Bowl league titles. They have yet to appear in a Super Bowl.
In recent years, the division has been less successful in the playoffs compared to others, holding the second-longest active Super Bowl drought (only ahead of the AFC South) and a 1–9 record in conference championships since 2007, with the only win being the Packers over the Bears in 2010. They have clinched two Super Bowl berths in the 21st century, compared to the other NFC divisions which each have six or more.
The division earned the moniker "Black and Blue Division" due to its intense rivalries and physical style of play, and this nickname is still used regularly today. It is also known as the "Frostbite Division" as all teams played home games in late season winter cold until the mid-1970s. The division is also humorously called the "Frozen North", although Detroit has played its home games indoors since 1975, and Minnesota also did so from 1982 to 2013 and returned to indoor home games at U.S. Bank Stadium in 2016.
ESPN sportscaster Chris Berman often refers to this division as the "NFC Norris" because of its grittiness and its geographical similarity to the National Hockey League's former Norris Division, although in a twist of irony the NHL dropped the Norris name in favor of Central almost a decade before the NFL dropped the Central name in favor of North.

 Division lineups 
Place cursor over year for division champ or Super Bowl team. 

A The NFL Western Conference was divided into the Coastal and Central divisions. The Packers had won Super Bowl I in 1966 in the NFL Western Conference.
B Starting in the 1970 season, the division became the National Football Conference - Central Division (or NFC Central for short), after the AFL–NFL merger.
C Tampa Bay moved from the AFC West in 1977
D For the 2002 season, the league realigned to have 8 four team divisions. Division adopts current name. Tampa Bay moves to the NFC South.

 Division champions 
+ A players' strike in 1982 reduced the regular season to nine games, so the league used a special 16-team playoff tournament just for this year. Division standings were ignored; Green Bay had the best record of the division teams.

 Wild Card qualifiers 
+ A players' strike in 1982 reduced the regular season to nine games, so the league used a special 16-team playoff tournament just for this year.

 Total playoff berths 

 Total playoff berths as members of the NFC Central/North 
(1967–2023 seasons)

To sort table above, click button to right of heading.
(1)Does not include Green Bay's 1966 season Super Bowl I win
(2)Does not include Tampa Bay's 1976 season (AFC West) and 2002+ seasons (NFC South)

 Total playoff berths in team history 
(1920–2023 seasons)

To sort table above, click button to right of heading.

1 From 1966 to 1969, this means winning both the NFL Championship game AND the Super Bowl. Hence, the Vikings' NFL Championship victory in 1969 isn't counted. The Packers had 2 NFL titles during this time frame and also won Super Bowl I and II.

 Season results 
2002: The NFC Central was realigned for 4 members and was renamed the NFC North. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers moved to the newly formed NFC South.

 Schedule assignments 

 See also 
Bears–Packers rivalry
Bears–Lions rivalry
Bears–Vikings rivalry
Lions–Packers rivalry
Lions–Vikings rivalry
Packers–Vikings rivalry

 References 

Basin Recreation
Basin Recreation is a Recreation District in Summit County, Utah. Established in 1986 by the Summit County Board of Commissioners, the district manages roughly 170 miles of trails, over 2300 acres of open space and four parks.

 History 
Basin Recreation was established in 1986 by the Summit County Board of Commissioners as an agency to provide public recreational services to the Snyderville Basin. In the early 1990s, the Snyderville Basin area was growing rapidly, with Basin Recreation having few resources to deal with the increased demand. This led to the expansion of Basin Recreation's jurisdiction and a new property tax that would increase funding for Basin Recreation. In 1996, Basin Recreation began the development of Trailside Park, the district's first mixed-use public park. The late 1990s saw the opening of Ecker Hill Middle School, along with open fields and an aquatic center, both being funded by Basin Recreation. In the early 2000s, Summit County approved another $11 million bond for Basin Recreations. Later, in 2004, the recreation district opened the FIeldhouse, a building that contained an indoor artificial turf field, indoor running track and weight room. The Fieldhouse was later expanded in 2017 to feature three volleyball courts, two basketball courts, two soccer courts, six Pickleball courts and an outdoor four-lane lap swim pool.

 Operations 
Seven board of directors administrate Basin Recreation with each serving 4-year terms. Board members are elected by residents in the Snyderville Basin. Basin recreation manages 170 miles of trails, 2300 acres of open space and four parks.

 The Fieldhouse 
Basin Recreation owns and operates the Fieldhouse, an 87,000 square foot athletic center. The building features an indoor turf field, a multipurpose gymnasium, a weight room, an outdoor splash pad, and more. The Fieldhouse was opened in 2004 and received an expansion in 2017 to include a swimming pool.

 Trailside Park 
Trailside Park was Basin Recreation's first mixed-use park and was constructed in 1996. The park has since received additional upgrades, including a new playground. Trailside Park currently features playgrounds, mixed-use fields, a Disc golf course, a bike park, and more.

 Trailside East 
Trailside East is directly adjacent to Trailside Park and features restrooms and two mixed-use, artificial-turf fields. The park was completed in 2023 and is 10 acres large. 

 Willow Creek Park 
Willow Creek Park was built in 2005 and features a 9,000 square foot park, mixed-use fields and a dog park. In 2023, Basin Recreation updated the original Willow Creek playground with a more recent design that featured inclusive elements.

 Matt Knoop Memorial Park 
The Matt Knoop Memorial Park is 0.5 miles away from the Willow Creek Park and features an artificial turf field, a playground and a bike pump track.

 Trails 
Basin Recreation operates and maintains 170 miles of trails, including the Trailside Bike Park. The recreation district has received the IMBA Gold Level Ride Center Award in 2012 for its trail and recreation equipment. Among Basin Recreation's trails, 12 miles are soft-surfaces, 29 miles are paved, and 125 miles are naturally-surfaced.

 References 

Hispanic America
The region known as Hispanic America (Spanish: Hispanoamérica or América Hispana) and historically as Spanish America (América Española) is all the Spanish-speaking countries of the Americas. In all of these countries, Spanish is the main language - sometimes sharing official status with one or more indigenous languages (such as Guaraní, Quechua, Aymara, or Mayan) or English (in Puerto Rico), and Roman Catholicism is the predominant religion.Hispanic America is sometimes grouped together with Brazil under the term "Ibero-America", meaning those countries in the Americas with cultural roots in the Iberian Peninsula. Hispanic America also contrasts with Latin America, which includes not only Hispanic America, but also Brazil (the former Portuguese America) and the former French colonies in the Western Hemisphere (areas that are now in either the United States or Canada are usually excluded).

 History 
The Spanish conquest of the Americas began in 1492, and ultimately was part of a larger historical process of world discovery, through which various European powers colonized a considerable amount of territory and peoples in the Americas, Asia, and Africa between the 15th and 20th centuries. Hispanic America became the main part of the vast Spanish Empire. Napoleon's intervention in Spain in 1808 and the consequent chaos initiated the dismemberment of the Spanish Empire, as the Hispanic American territories began their struggle for emancipation. By 1830, the only remaining Spanish American territories were the islands of Cuba and Puerto Rico, until the 1898 Spanish–American War.The 26th of July Movement, led by Fidel Castro, seized power in Cuba on 1 January 1959, overthrowing Fulgencio Batista's pro-US government. Castro nationalized Cuba's fruit resources, driving the United Fruit Company out, and his purchase of oil from the USSR led to a deterioration of relations with the US, leading to the failed 1961 Bay of Pigs Invasion by Cuban exiles, and in 1962 the Cuban Missile Crisis almost sparked World War III. Castro's revolution was only the first of its kind in Hispanic America. Leftist governments rose to power across the region, so the United States resorted to backing coups, such as the 1954 overthrow of the popular Jacobo Arbenz Guzman in Guatemala and the ouster of Juan Bosch in 1965 in the Dominican Republic, the latter of which led to the Dominican Civil War and the US occupation of the republic that year. The United States supported coups that installed dictators in Chile, Uruguay, and other countries, and they set up the School of the Americas to train future dictators like Leopoldo Galtieri of Argentina and Manuel Noriega of Panama. Some dictators' rules led to civil wars, such as the Nicaraguan Civil War, Salvadoran Civil War, and Guatemalan Civil War in the 1970s-1990s, and the United States backed governments that used death squads to massacre villagers and priests accused of siding with leftists. These civil wars would end with the end of the Cold War, resulting in the communist guerrillas becoming legal political parties, and many of them would proceed to rule over the country, such as the Sandinistas of Nicaragua and FMLN of El Salvador.

 Demographics 

 Countries 

 Largest cities 

 Ethnology 
The population of the Hispanic America is made up of the descendants of two large ethnic groups and their combinations:
• The Indigenous peoples of the Americas, descendants of Incas, Aztecs, Mayan and others.
• Those of European ancestry, mainly Spanish, and Italian.
Unlike in the United States, there were no anti-miscegenation policies in Latin America. Though still a racially stratified society there were no significant barriers to gene flow between the three populations. As a result, admixture profiles are a reflection of the colonial populations of Africans, Europeans and Amerindians. The pattern is also sex biased in that the African and Amerindian maternal lines are found in significantly higher proportions than African or Amerindian Y chromosomal lines. This is an indication that the primary mating pattern was that of European males with Amerindian or African females. According to the study, half the White populations of the Latin American countries studied have some degree of either Native American or African admixture (MtDNA or Y chromosome). In countries such as Chile and Colombia almost the entire white population was shown to have some non-European admixture.Frank Moya Pons, a Dominican historian documented that Spanish colonists intermarried with Taíno women, and, over time, these mestizo descendants intermarried with Africans, creating a tri-racial Creole culture. 1514 census records reveal that 40% of Spanish men in the colony of Santo Domingo had Taíno wives.The most common combinations are:
• Mestizos, those of mixed ancestry.

 Languages 
Spanish is the official language in most Hispanic American countries, and it is spoken by the vast majority of the population. Native American languages are widely spoken in Chile, Peru, Guatemala, Bolivia, Paraguay and Mexico, and, to a lesser degree, in Panama, Ecuador, Colombia,and Venezuela. In some Hispanic American countries, the population of speakers of indigenous languages tends to be very small or even non-existent (e.g. Uruguay). Mexico contains the largest variety of indigenous languages; there, the most spoken native language is Nahuatl.
In Peru, Quechua is an official language, alongside Spanish and any other indigenous language in the areas where they predominate. In Ecuador, while holding no official status, the closely related Quichua is a recognized language of the indigenous people under the country's constitution; however, it is only spoken by a few groups in the country's highlands. In Bolivia, Aymara, Quechua and Guaraní hold official status alongside Spanish. Guaraní, along with Spanish, is an official language of Paraguay, and is spoken by a majority of the population (who are, for the most part, bilingual), and it is co-official with Spanish in the Argentine province of Corrientes. In Nicaragua, Spanish is the official language, but on the country's Caribbean coast English and indigenous languages such as Miskito, Sumo, and Rama also hold official status. Colombia recognizes all indigenous languages spoken within its territory as official, though fewer than 1% of its population are native speakers of these languages. Nahuatl is one of the 62 native languages spoken by indigenous people in Mexico, which are officially recognized by the government as "national languages" along with Spanish.
Other European languages spoken in Hispanic America include: English, by some groups in Puerto Rico and descendants of British settlers in Argentina and Chile; German, in southern Chile and portions of Argentina, Venezuela, and Paraguay; Italian, in Argentina, Venezuela, and Uruguay; Ukrainian, Polish, and Russian in Argentina; and Welsh, in southern Argentina.Yiddish and Hebrew can be heard around Buenos Aires. Non-European or Asian languages include Japanese in Peru, Bolivia, and Paraguay; Korean in Argentina and Paraguay; Arabic in Argentina, Colombia, Venezuela, and Chile; and Chinese throughout South America.
In several nations, especially in the Caribbean region, creole languages are spoken. Creole languages of mainland Latin America, similarly, are derived from European languages and various African tongues.
The Garifuna language is spoken along the Caribbean coast in Honduras, Guatemala, Nicaragua and Belize mostly by the Garifuna people a mixed race Zambo people who were the result of mixing between Indigenous Caribbeans and escaped Black slaves. Primarily an Arawakan language, it has influences from Caribbean and European languages.

 Culture 

 Cuisine 
Hispanic cuisine as the term is applied in the Western Hemisphere, is a misnomer. What is  usually considered Hispanic cuisine in the United States is mostly Mexican and Central American cuisine. Mexican cuisine is composed of mainly indigenous—Aztec and Mayan—and Spanish influences.Mexican cuisine is considered intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO and can be found all over the United States.
In the United States, with its growing Hispanic population, food staples from Mexican cuisine and the cuisine from other Hispanic countries have become widely available. Over the years, the blending of these cuisines has produced unique American forms such as Tex-Mex cuisine. This cuisine, which originated in Texas, is based on maize products, heavily spiced ground beef, cheese and tomato sauces with chilies. This cuisine is widely available not just in the United States but across other countries, where American exports are found. In Florida, Cuban food is widely available. All of these Hispanic foods in the United States have evolved in character as they have been commercially americanized by large restaurant chains and food companies.
The cuisine of Spain has many regional varieties, with Mediterranean flavors based on  olive oil, garlic, and tomatoes and due to its long Atlantic and Mediterranean coastlines, has been graced with a great variety and availability of seafood.  In the inland communities of Spain, there is a long tradition of cured meat of different kinds, in addition to an abundance of dishes such as roasts and stews, based on beef, pork, lamb, and poultry. The European and Arab heritage of Spain is reflected in its food, along with cosmopolitan influences beginning in the many new ingredients brought in from the New World since the 16th century, e.g. tomatoes, potatoes, or chocolate, and the more modern tastes introduced from Europe since the 19th century, especially through French and Italian dishes. It is only in the last ten years that Hispanic American dishes have been introduced in Spain. In the United States and Canada, the number of Hispanic restaurants has become a growing trend, following the tapas-style restaurants fashion that first appeared in North America in the 1990s.
Cuban, Dominican, and Puerto Rican cuisines, on the other hand, tend to use a lot of pork and can depend heavily on starchy root vegetables, plantain, and rice. The most prominent influences on their Spanish culinary traditions were introduced by African slaves, and to a lesser degree, French influence from Haiti and later Chinese immigrants. The use of spicy chile peppers of varying degrees of strength used as flavour enhancers in Mexican tradition is practically unknown in traditional Spanish–Caribbean dishes. The cuisine of Haiti, a country with a Francophone majority, is very similar to its regional neighbors in terms of influences and ingredients used.
The Argentine diet is heavily influenced by the country's position as one of the world's largest beef and wine producers, and by the impact that European immigration had on its national culture. Grilled meats are a staple of most meals as are pastas, potatoes, rice, paella and a variety of vegetables (Argentina is a huge exporter of agricultural products). Italian influence is also seen in the form of pizza and ice cream, both of which are integral components of national cuisine.
Uruguayan cuisine is similar to that of Argentina, though seafood is much more dominant in this coastal nation. As another one of the world's largest producers, wine is as much a staple drink to Uruguayans as beer is to Germans.
In Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Chile, potato dishes are typical since the potato is originally from this region. Beef and chicken are common sources of meat. In the Highlands is the cuy, a South American name for guinea pig, a common meat. Given the coastal location, both countries have extensive fishing fleets, which provide a wealth of seafood options, including the signature South American dish, ceviche. While potato is an important ingredient in the Highlands, Rice is the main side dish on the coast.
This diversity in staples and cuisine is also evident in the differing regional cuisines within the national borders of the individual countries.

 Symbols 

 Flag 
While relatively unknown, there is a flag representing the countries of Spanish America, its people, history and shared cultural legacy.
It was created in October 1933 by Ángel Camblor, captain of the Uruguayan army. It was adopted by all the states of Spanish America during the Pan-American Conference of the same year in Montevideo, Uruguay.The white background stands for peace, the Inti sun god of Inca mythology symbolizes the light shining on the Americas, and the three crosses represent Christopher Columbus' caravels, the Niña, Pinta, and Santa María, used in his first voyage from Spain to the New World in 1492. The deep lilac color of the crosses evokes the color of the lion on the coat of arms of the medieval Crown of Castile.

 Religion 
The Spanish and the Portuguese took the Roman Catholic faith to their colonies in the Americas, Africa, and Asia; Roman Catholicism remains the predominant religion amongst most Hispanic Americans. Membership in Protestant denominations is increasing, particularly in Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Puerto Rico and other countries. In particular, Pentecostalism has experienced massive growth. This movement is increasingly attracting Latin America's middle classes. Anglicanism also has a long and growing presence in Latin America.

 See also 

 Notes 

 References 

Kripik
Kripik or keripik are Indonesian chips or crisps, bite-size snack crackers that can be savoury or sweet. They are made from various dried fruits, tubers, vegetables, and fish that have undergone a deep frying process in hot vegetable oil. They can be lightly seasoned with salt, or spiced with chili powder and sugar.
Together with krupuk, the etymology of the term kripik is believed as an onomatopoeia in Indonesian to describe the crunch sound of this crispy snack.Kripik (chips) and krupuk (crackers) are an integral part of Indonesian cuisine. Kripik commonly are made from dried slices of roots and tubers. The most popular are kripik singkong (cassava crackers) and kripik pisang (Banana chips); other types of fruit, yam, or tuber crackers are also available.

 Kripik and krupuk 
Kripik is closely related to krupuk since it is popularly considered a smaller-sized krupuk. In Indonesia, the term krupuk refers to a type of relatively large cracker, while kripik or keripik refers to smaller bite-size crackers; the counterpart of chips (or crisps) in western cuisine. For example, potato chips are called kripik kentang in Indonesia. Usually, krupuk are made from a dried paste consisting of a mixture of starch and other ingredients, while kripik are usually made entirely from a thinly sliced, sun-dried, and then deep-fried product without any mixture of starch.

 Variants 
Almost all types of fruits, nuts, tubers, and plant products can be made into kripik. Other types of kripik can be coated with batter and deep-fried until crispy and dry. In Indonesia, the latest popular snack is extra hot and spicy kripik.

Emping is a type of kripik made from the melinjo (Gnetum gnemon) nut.
Kripik apel, made from dried apple, was originally produced in Malang, East Java
Kripik bayam, made from spinach
Kripik belut, made from battered and deep-fried eel
Kripik cabe, made from chili
Kripik ceker, made from deep-fried boneless chicken feet
Kripik durian, from Medan
Kripik gadung, made from gadung yam (Dioscorea hispida)
Kripik ikan, made from fish
Kripik jahe, made from ginger
Kripik jamur, made from mushrooms
Kripik kentang, made from potatoes
Kripik nangka, made from jackfruit
Kripik oncom, made from oncom, is similar to kripik tempeh but has a slightly bitter taste
Kripik pisang, made from dried banana
Kripik rambutan, made from rambutan
Kripik salak, made from snake fruit
Kripik sambal teri, spicy cassava chips with dried anchovies from Sibolga, North Sumatra.
Kripik sanjay or kripik singkong balado, thin crispy cassava coated with chili pepper and sugar – a popular snack from Bukittinggi, West Sumatra
Kripik singkong, made of cassava. A spicy variant is available in Bandung, West Java, commonly called by its brand name maicih.
Kripik sukun, made from breadfruit
Kripik talas/keladi, made from taro
Kripik tempe, made by deep-frying batter-coated tempeh
Kripik teripang, made from dried sea cucumbers
Kripik ubi, made from sweet potatoes
Kripik walang or kripik belalang, made from grasshoppers

 Product 
Kripik are traditionally made by a small-scale home industry. However, just like the potato chip industry in the Western counterpart, in Indonesia today it is common to encounter mass-produced packed kripik snacks in warung shops, minimarkets, and supermarkets. Some brands have mass-produced certain variants of kripik chips.In Indonesia, kripiks are often sold as oleh-oleh or food gifts to be brought home after travel. Certain areas have developed their specialty kripiks which depend on locally available ingredients and recipes. For example, Lampung is well known for its banana kripiks, Malang in East Java for its fruit-based kripiks, including apple and jackfruit kripiks, while Bandung is well known for its tempeh, oncom, tubers and sweet potato-based kripiks. Bukittinggi city in West Sumatra on the other hand is famous for its Keripik sanjay, a hot and spicy cassava chips coated with balado chili sauce.As of 8 February 2018, the latest trend in Indonesia's kripik industry is extra hot kripiks with ample chili powder, which started with Keripik Pedas Maicih (Maicih spicy crackers) in Bandung in 2010. It is a bag of fiery hot cassava chips offered in different levels of spiciness. Subsequently, the popularity of extra hot kripik ' swept across the nation.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
Kabkab
Kiping
Banana chips
Potato chips
Tempura

 References 

 External links 

HMS Braak (1795)
HMS Braak was an 18-gun brig-sloop of the Royal Navy. She was launched at Rotterdam in 1781 and initially served with the Dutch Republic. The British seized her, in Britain, after the Dutch entry into the French Revolutionary Wars, and took her into the Royal Navy. She served briefly with the British before capsizing off the North American coast. She was subsequently the focus of a number of salvage efforts.

 Dutch career 
The cutter De Braak was launched as a "botter", or vessel of the 8th Charter. Sources also give her name as Baak, or Brak. She was part of a Mediterranean fleet based at the French port of Toulon.
By the 1790s Braak was in the Caribbean, and was present at the defence against the French of Willemstad, part of the Dutch colony at Curaçao, in 1793. By late 1794 she was ordered to escort a convoy of East Indiamen to Batavia in the Netherlands East Indies. En route she called at the English port of Falmouth, unaware that the French had since invaded the Netherlands and proclaimed the Batavian Republic as a client state, compelling the Dutch to declare war on the British. On the arrival of the convoy at falmouth, the Royal Navy seized the 26 merchantmen and six warships of the convoy, including De Braak. A boarding party from the sloop-of-war HMS Fortune took over De Braak. Forty-six Royal Navy vessels that were at Plymouth shared in the prize money.

 British career 
The Royal Navy took De Braak into service as HMS Braak and re-rigged her as a brig-sloop. She was initially commissioned under Commander James Drew on 13 June 1797. A storm at the end of the year dismasted her. On the completion of repairs, she returned to service in February 1798 and was assigned to escort a convoy to the Virginia Capes. She sailed for Halifax, Nova Scotia, on 17 March 1798. On 2 April, whilst off the Azores, she became separated from the rest of the ships. Towards the end of the month she fell in with and captured the Spanish ship Dom Francisco Xavier, which was carrying a cargo of copper, cocoa, and other goods and reportedly was worth some £160,000 in prize money.Braak arrived in company with Dom Francisco Xavier in Delaware Bay on 25 May 1798, and took on a pilot, Andrew Allen, from Cape Henlopen in Delaware. In an exuberant mood because of the capture of the nearby Dom Francisco Xavier, Drew went below to fetch an alcoholic beverage with which he and Allen could toast his success. While he was below, Allen noticed dark clouds approaching and, concerned that a spring thunderstorm was about to strike, ordered Braak′s sails taken in. When Drew returned to the deck, he admonished Allen for ordering the sails to be taken in, telling him "You look out for the bottom, and I′ll look out for the spars." Drew ordered the crew to unfurl the sails, and shortly after they did a strong and sudden squall blew up as Allen had feared, filling the sails. Before the crew could take action, Braak listed heavily to one side, allowing water to pour into the ship's hold through open hatches. Within a few moments, Braak capsized, drowning Drew and 35 of his crew, as well as their 12 Spanish prisoners. Allen swam free of the sinking ship and was saved.

 Salvage and controversy 
With the wreck lying on the bottom of Delaware Bay, rumours soon began to circulate concerning the amount of treasure Braak purportedly carried when she sank, with estimates of the value reaching $500 million. A number of artifacts were raised during the 1980s, but maritime archaeologists criticised these efforts for their disregard for proper archaeological methods, and for their discarding of anything not considered inherently valuable. In 1986, Braak′s hull was raised, but in such a way that considerable damage was done to both it and the surrounding area of archaeological interest. The hull was eventually placed in a museum, as were many of the artifacts recovered, including items such as decanters, bottles, and glasses. Only a small amount of coin was recovered, worth considerably less than the cost of the large number of salvage attempts that had been undertaken over the years. The treatment of the wreck of Braak, and of many others like it, was a contributing factor to the passage of the Abandoned Shipwrecks Act of 1987.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Details of an unsuccessful salvage attempt in the 1880s
HMS DeBraak
HMS De Braak 1984 salvage

List of Atlanta Falcons head coaches
The Atlanta Falcons are an American football team based in Atlanta, Georgia. They are members of the South division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Falcons joined the NFL as an expansion team in 1966, and have compiled an all-time record of 337 wins, 436 losses, and 6 ties. The team has won the NFC West championship twice in 1980 and 1998 and the NFC South championship 4 times in 2004, 2010, 2012 and 2016. The Falcons have appeared in two Super Bowls, losing both times; their first appearance was in Super Bowl XXXIII, with the Falcons falling to the Denver Broncos 19–34, and the second was in Super Bowl LI, where the Falcons fell to the New England Patriots 28–34 in overtime.There have been 18 head coaches for the Falcons franchise, 13 serving full-time. Among full-time head coaches, Mike Smith is the Falcons' winningest and longest tenured head coach, with a 66–46 regular season record. Under Smith's leadership, the team attained consecutive winning seasons (11–5 in 2008 and 9–7 in 2009), consecutive playoff appearances (2010 and 2011), and consecutive seasons with 10 wins or more (also in 2010 and 2011) for the first time in franchise history. Also, Smith is the only Falcons coach to win 2 divisional titles (NFC South, 2010 and 2012).

 Key 

 Coaches 
Note: Statistics are correct as of end of the 2023 NFL season.

 Notes 

 References 

New Democratic Party of Manitoba
The New Democratic Party of Manitoba (French: Nouveau Parti démocratique du Manitoba) is a social-democratic political party in Manitoba, Canada. It is the provincial wing of the federal New Democratic Party, and is a successor to the Manitoba Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. It is currently the governing party in Manitoba.

 Formation and early years 
In the federal election of 1958, the national Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) was reduced to only eight seats in the House of Commons of Canada. The CCF's leadership restructured the party during the next three years, and in 1961 it merged with the Canadian Labour Congress to create the New Democratic Party (NDP).
Most provincial wings of the CCF also transformed themselves into "New Democratic Party" organisations before the year was over, with Saskatchewan as the only exception. There was very little opposition to the change in Manitoba, and the Manitoba NDP was formally constituted on November 4, 1961.  Future Manitoba NDP leader Howard Pawley was one of the few CCF members to oppose the change. Outgoing CCF leader Russell Paulley easily won the new party's leadership, defeating two minor figures who offered little in the way of policy alternatives. For all intents and purposes, the CCF caucus in the Manitoba Legislative Assembly became the NDP caucus.
The NDP did not initially achieve an electoral breakthrough in Manitoba, falling from eleven seats to seven in the provincial election of 1962. They recovered to ten seats in the 1966 election, but were still unable to seriously challenge Dufferin Roblin's Progressive Conservative government.

 Modern era 

 Party leadership contest in 1968 
Many in the NDP considered Paulley's leadership a liability, especially after the 1966 election. Paulley was known as an old-style labour politician, and could not appeal to the broader constituency base that the party needed for an electoral breakthrough. In 1968, he was challenged for the party leadership by Sidney Green, a labour lawyer from north-end Winnipeg.
The 1968 leadership challenge was unusual, in that many of Paulley's supporters wanted him to resign the following year so that he could be replaced by federal Member of Parliament (MP) Edward Schreyer. Some also regarded the challenge as reflecting ideological divisions in the party, with Green depicted as a candidate of the radical left. Green's supporters tended to be from the party's youth wing, while Paulley was supported by the party establishment and organized labour.
Paulley won the challenge 213 votes to 168 and resigned the following year. Edward Schreyer entered the contest to replace him and defeated Green by 506 votes to 177.

 Provincial election of 1969 
The NDP won 28 of 57 seats in the 1969 election and formed a minority government after gaining the support of maverick Manitoba Liberal Party Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) Laurent Desjardins. Although the party had been expected to increase its parliamentary presence, its sudden victory was a surprise to most political observers.
The question of leadership was important to the NDP's victory. After Dufferin Roblin resigned as Premier in 1967, the Progressive Conservatives chose Walter Weir as his replacement. While Roblin was a Red Tory, Weir was from the party's rural conservative wing, and alienated many urban and centre-left voters who had previously supported the Tories. The Liberals, for their part, called former cabinet minister Robert Bend out of a decade-long retirement to lead the party before the election. Like Weir, Bend was a rural populist who had difficulty appealing to urban voters. He campaigned on a "cowboy/rodeo" theme that made both himself and his party look dated.
Schreyer, by contrast, was a centrist within the NDP. He was not ideologically committed to democratic socialism, and was in many respects more similar to federal Liberal Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau than to the province's traditional NDP leadership. He was also the first of Manitoba's social-democratic leaders who was not from an Anglo-Saxon and Protestant background. A German-Austrian Catholic from rural Manitoba, he appealed to constituencies that were not previously inclined to support the NDP.

 Early years in power 
During the years of NDP government, major tax and social reforms were carried out, a major hydroelectricity development project was launched in the north of Manitoba, while the province spent heavily on public housing. Schreyer's first administration introduced several important changes to the province. It amalgamated the city of Winnipeg, introduced public auto insurance, and significantly reduced Medicare premiums. Schreyer's cabinet was divided on providing provincial funding for denominational schools (with Green and others opposing any such funding) but resolved the issue by a compromise. The government also continued energy development projects in northern Manitoba.
Schreyer's government was re-elected with a parliamentary majority in the 1973 provincial election. His second ministry was less ambitious on policy matters than was his first, though the government did introduce a new tax on mining resources. In the 1977 election, Schreyer's New Democrats were upset by the Tories under Sterling Lyon.
Schreyer resigned as party leader in 1979, after being appointed Governor-General of Canada. Howard Pawley was chosen as interim leader over Sidney Green and Saul Mark Cherniack in a caucus vote, and later defeated Muriel Smith and Russell Doern to win the party's leadership at a delegated convention. Green left the NDP soon thereafter, claiming "the trade union movement and militant feminists" had taken control of the party. In 1981, Green formed the Progressive Party of Manitoba, joined by New Democratic MLAs Ben Hanuschak and Bud Boyce.
Despite these defections, Pawley's New Democrats were able to win a majority government in the 1981 election. Pawley's government introduced progressive labour legislation and entrenched French language services in Manitoba's parliamentary and legal systems. Doern, who had served as a cabinet minister in Schreyer's government, left the NDP in 1984 on the language issue.

 Declining popularity in the late 1980s 
The New Democrats were re-elected with a narrow majority in the 1986 election. Over the next two years, the party suffered a significant decline in its popularity. Auto insurance premiums rose significantly during this period, and the government's support for the Meech Lake Accord also alienated some voters. Future party leader Gary Doer has claimed that an internal party poll put the NDP at only 6% popular support in early 1988.Early in 1988, Jim Walding, a disgruntled NDP backbencher, voted with the opposition against his government's budget. This defection brought about the government's defeat in the house and forced a new election before the NDP could recover its support base. Pawley immediately resigned as party leader, though he continued to lead a caretaker administration as Premier.
Gary Doer narrowly defeated Len Harapiak on the third ballot of the leadership convention which followed. Doer declined to be sworn in as Premier after the convention.
The Pawley government's achievements included the construction of the Limestone hydro project in northern Manitoba, and the enactment of the Manitoba Human Rights Code which included, for the first time in Manitoba, protection against discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.

 Electoral defeat and years in opposition (1988–1999) 
The NDP was defeated in the 1988 election, winning only 12 seats out of 57. Gary Filmon's Tories won 25 seats, and the Liberal Party under Sharon Carstairs won 20 seats to supplant the NDP as the official opposition. Most of the NDP's seats were in north-end Winnipeg and the north of the province. Doer was not personally blamed for his party's poor performance and remained as leader.
Filmon called another provincial election in 1990 to seek a majority mandate. He was successful, but Doer brought the NDP back to official opposition status with 20 seats, benefiting from a strong personal showing at the leaders' debate.
The NDP began the 1995 election well behind the Tories and Liberals, but received a last-minute surge in popular support and came very close to forming government.  The party won 23 seats, with the Liberals falling to only three.
Filmon's Tories lost much of their popular support between 1995 and 1999, due to increased unemployment, the privatization of Manitoba Telecom Services (MTS) and a vote-manipulation scandal in the 1995 election. Voters were also unnerved by Filmon's announcement that his government would undertake a further shift to the right if reelected.  With the Liberals suffering from internal divisions, the NDP were able to present themselves as the only viable alternative. The 1999 election was considered too close to call until election day, but the NDP benefited from a decline in Liberal support and won 32 seats to form a majority government. Doer was sworn in as Premier after eleven years in opposition.

 Return to government (1999–2016) 

 Doer government 
The Doer government did not introduce as many radical initiatives as the Schreyer and Pawley governments, though it retained the NDP's traditional support for organized labour. Manitoba has the lowest unemployment rate in Canada as of 2004, and Doer's government remained generally popular with the electorate.
In the 2003 election, the NDP were re-elected with 35 seats and almost 50% of the popular vote, an impressive result in a three-party system. Doer was re-elected in his east-end Winnipeg riding of Concordia with over 75% of the popular vote, and the NDP also made inroads into traditional Tory bastions in south-end Winnipeg.
Doer became the only NDP premier in Manitoba history to capture a third majority when his party was re-elected during the 2007 provincial election. It won more seats than it had before: 36. Again, support was gathered from the south and western areas of Winnipeg which were traditionally thought to be safe for the Progressive Conservatives.
Under Doer, the NDP ran a moderate government that introduced a succession of balanced budgets. Doer's first budget, delivered in 2000, removed 15,000 low-income Manitobans from the tax rolls and introduced $150 million in tax breaks over three years while projecting a $10 million surplus.  His 2003 budget, the last of his first term, reduced provincial taxes by $82.7 million and increased spending by about 5%, mostly in health and education.Despite a series of economic setbacks, the government was able to post a balanced budget in 2004 through increased taxes and drug premiums as well as civil service reduction through attrition.  Tobacco and liquor taxes were increased and the provincial sales tax expanded to cover more services, although Doer rejected a panel recommendation to increase the sales tax by 1%.The government was able introduce a more expansive budget in 2005 after an infusion of federal revenues, reducing personal and property taxes, increasing spending by 3.5% and putting $314 million into a "rainy day" fund.  Doer's 2006 and 2007 budgets introduced further tax cuts, and the 2007 budget offered increased education spending and a new child benefit to assist low-income families.At the Manitoba NDP's March 2009 convention, Doer announced that Manitoba would continue its commitment to education, training and research despite a global economic downturn and a slowing economy.  He argued that the province was still recovering from the Filmon government's spending cuts during the economic downtown of the 1990s and that his policies would allow Manitoba to emerge from the recession in a strong, competitive position.  His government introduced a balanced budget with economic stimulus programs a few weeks later, even as the global recession forced other provincial governments across Canada into deficit.

 Selinger government 
After leading the party for over two decades, Doer retired as Premier and leader of the NDP on 27 August 2009 and was named Canadian Ambassador to the United States the next day. Following Doer's retirement, Finance Minister Greg Selinger became leader of the party at the leadership convention in October 2009. Despite gloomy predictions, Selinger led the NDP to its fourth straight majority government in the October 2011 general election, surpassing Doer's record and winning 37 seats.
In April 2013, the Selinger government broke an earlier promise not to increase the provincial sales tax. It instead implemented a 1 percentage point increase in the sales tax from 7% to 8%, which resulted in a precipitous decline in popular support, ontop of record deficits and massive interest payments for debt services, for the government and, ultimately, a caucus revolt against Selinger's leadership culminating in the resignation of five cabinet ministers. Due, in part, to the unpopularity of the tax increase, the NDP fell far behind the Progressive Conservatives in public opinion polls and never recovered. In the fall of 2014, several cabinet ministers privately asked Selinger to resign in hopes that the party would recover under a new leader. However, Selinger declined. In September 2014, during a caucus retreat, several MLAs openly told Selinger that he needed to resign. However, he refused again. A month later, at the end of October  Jennifer Howard, (Fort Rouge), minister of finance, Stan Struthers, (Dauphin), minister of municipal government, Theresa Oswald, (Seine River), minister for jobs and the economy, Andrew Swan, (Minto), minister of justice and Erin Selby, (Southdale), minister of health. and several senior party officials went public with their call for Selinger's resignation. On November 3, the five ministers resigned from cabinet due to their opposition to Selinger's continued leadership. They did, however, remain in the NDP caucus as backbench MLAs. Selinger responded on November 9 by asking the party executive to hold a leadership election during the party's annual convention scheduled for March 6–8, 2015, stating his intention to be a candidate. The party executive subsequently agreed. Theresa Oswald, one of the five rebel ex-ministers, challenged Selinger for the leadership and so did Minister of Infrastructure and Transportation Steve Ashton who had not protested against Selinger but who resigned from cabinet to enter leadership contest. At the March 8, 2015 leadership election, Ashton was eliminated on the first ballot and Selinger prevailed on the second ballot with 50.93% of ballots cast, defeating Oswald by 33 votes.After trailing in opinion polling for almost four years, the NDP was heavily defeated at the April 19, 2016 provincial election. It dropped to only 14 seats, the party's worst showing since 1988. Notably, it lost a number of previously safe seats by wide margins. The Progressive Conservatives under Brian Pallister were elected to a majority government. Selinger announced his intention to resign as party leader in his concession speech. Logan MLA Flor Marcelino was named interim leader on May 7, 2016.

 Recent years (2016–present) 
Prominent Indigenous broadcaster and first-term MLA Wab Kinew was elected as permanent leader at the 2017 leadership convention, winning over 70% of the votes cast and defeating former cabinet minister Steve Ashton.

 In opposition 
Kinew led the Manitoba NDP into the 2019 provincial election, which was called early by incumbent Premier Brian Pallister, to avoid any conflict with the celebrations planned in 2020 for the 150th anniversary of Manitoba joining Confederation. While the party increased its share of the popular vote and gained 6 seats in Winnipeg and the Northern Regions of the province, the PCs were re-elected to a majority government. The new 18-member NDP caucus was sworn in on September 27, 2019, and the new positions in the shadow cabinet were announced later that day. 

 Kinew government 
Kinew stayed as Manitoba NDP leader and led them into the 2023 election, with the party leading the Progressive Conservatives in polls for most of the term. The party won a majority government with 34 seats, mainly on the strength of taking all but three seats in Winnipeg. Kinew became the first provincial premier of First Nations descent.

 Membership 
Like its federal counterpart, the Manitoba NDP has historically had more long-term members than other registered parties in the province. It also has fewer short-term members who are signed up to influence nomination contests.

 Party leaders 
† denotes interim or acting leader

 CCF 

 NDP 

 Election results 

 Current Manitoba New Democrat MLAs 

 See also 
New Democratic Party of Manitoba leadership elections

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Villa Quintana (2013 TV series)
Villa Quintana (transl. Quintana Estate) is a Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network. The series is based on a 1995 Philippine television drama series of the same title. Directed by Gina Alajar, it stars Janine Gutierrez and Elmo Magalona. It premiered on November 4, 2013, on the network's Afternoon Prime line up replacing Mga Basang Sisiw. The series concluded on June 6, 2014, with a total of 153 episodes. It was replaced by The Half Sisters in its timeslot.
The series is streaming online on YouTube.

 Premise 
The series revolves around the love story of Isagani and Lynette, with family tensions driven from the past. Everything will change when Isagani's mother discovers a secret of the Lynette's family that will affect the fate of the relationship between Isagani and Lynette.

 Cast and characters 

Lead castElmo Magalona as Isagani "Gani" Digos Quintana / Isagani Samonte
Janine Gutierrez as Lynette Mendiola QuintanaSupporting castRaymart Santiago as Felix Samonte
Sunshine Dizon as Lumeng Digos-Samonte
Paolo Contis as Robert Quintana
Roy Alvarez and Al Tantay as Manolo Quintana
Maricar de Mesa as Stella Mendiola-Quintana
Tanya Garcia as Amparing Mangaron
Kyla as Ruby Quintana
Marky Lopez as Chito Quintana
Juancho Trivino as Jason "Jace" Quintana
Rita De Guzman as Patrice Mendiola QuintanaGuest castMona Louise Rey as younger Lynette
Will Ashley de Leon as younger Isagani
Carl Acosta as younger Jace
Franchesca Salcedo as younger Patrice
Dexter Doria as Pilar Digos
Racquel Villavicencio as Amelia Samonte
Rez Cortez as Alfonso Mendiola
Anna Marin as Felicia Mendiola
Francine Garcia as Kadyo / Megan
Mikoy Morales as Boknoy
Abel Estanislao as Miggy
Shelly Hipolito as Joanne
Nicole Dulalia as Snooky Mangaron
Rhen Escaño as Eve
Lucho Ayala as Noah Angeles
Mara Alberto as Eden
Joyce Ching as Crystal Almario
Bettina Carlos as Janice
Katya Santos as Linda Carillo
Diva Montelaba as Yvette Carillo
Ashley Cabrera as Janice's daughter

 Ratings 
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Villa Quintana earned a 13.8% rating. While the final episode scored a 15.1% rating.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Villa Quintana at IMDb

Diving equipment
Diving equipment is equipment used by underwater divers to make diving activities possible, easier, safer and/or more comfortable. This may be equipment primarily intended for this purpose, or equipment intended for other purposes which is found to be suitable for diving use.
The fundamental item of diving equipment used by divers other than freedivers, is underwater breathing apparatus, such as scuba equipment, and surface-supplied diving equipment, but there are other important items of equipment that make diving safer, more convenient or more efficient. Diving equipment used by recreational scuba divers, also known as scuba gear, is mostly personal equipment carried by the diver, but professional divers, particularly when operating in the surface supplied or saturation mode, use a large amount of support equipment not carried by the diver.
Equipment which is used for underwater work or other activities which is not directly related to the activity of diving, or which has not been designed or modified specifically for underwater use by divers is not considered to be diving equipment.

 Classes of underwater breathing apparatus 

The diving mode is largely defined by the type of breathing apparatus used.

Surface supplied diving - mostly used in professional diving. This category includes:
Surface oriented surface supplied diving (Bounce diving), where the diver starts and finishes the dive at normal atmospheric pressure.
Saturation diving, where the diver remains under pressure in an underwater habitat or saturation spread between underwater excursions.
Standard diving dress - mostly used in professional diving. Mainly of historical interest now.
Airline or Hookah diving.
"Compressor diving" - a rudimentary form of surface supplied diving used in the Philippines by artisanal fishermen.
Recreational forms like snuba.
Scuba diving - The use of self-contained underwater breathing apparatus. This category includes:
Open-circuit scuba consisting of diving cylinder(s) and diving regulator(s)
Rebreather diving, closed-circuit or semi-closed-circuit scuba
Free diving or breathhold diving, where the diver completes the dive on a single breath of air taken at the surface before the dive.
Snorkel allows breathing at the surface with the face submerged, and is used as an adjunct to free diving and scuba.
Atmospheric diving suits and other submersibles which isolate the diver from the ambient environment. These are not considered here.
Liquid breathing systems are still hypothetical and at an early experimental stage. It is hoped that some day practical systems will allow very deep diving. This is not considered here.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Personal diving equipment 
This is the diving equipment worn by or carried by the diver for personal protection or comfort, or to facilitate the diving aspect of the activity, and may include a selection from:

 Underwater breathing apparatus 

Scuba equipment: Primary cylinder(s), carried back-mounted or side mounted and open circuit regulator(s), or rebreather sets. Alternative air source such as bailout bottle or pony bottle, and decompression cylinders and their associated regulators. Secondary demand valve (Octopus). Sometimes a full-face diving mask is used.
Surface-supplied equipment: Helmet or full face mask, diver's umbilical, airline, bailout block, bailout cylinder and regulator.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Environmental protection 

The underwater environment usually requires a diver to wear thermal, sting and abrasion protection.

In cold water, a diving suit such as a dry suit (at temperatures of 0-10 °C), a wet suit (at temperatures of 21-25 °C), or a Hot water suit (surface supplied diving only) is necessary.
Boiler suit overalls are often worn over the thermal protection suit by commercial divers as abrasion protection for the more easily damaged and expensive diving suit.
In very warm water (temperatures of 26-30 °C), many types of tough, long, everyday clothing provide protection, as well as purpose made garments such as dive skins (made of lycra) and shorty wetsuits. In some cases, simple regular swimsuits are also used.
Diving gloves, including wetsuit gloves and dry gloves, mitts, and three-finger mitts
Diving hoods
Diving boots - With dry suits, the boots are usually integrated.
Safety helmet for scuba diving. (Not part of the breathing apparatus.)
Diving chain mail may be used as protection against bites by large marine animals
Diver's cages may be used as protection against large predators
Atmospheric diving suit provides complete isolation from the environment
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 In-water stabilisation and mobility 
This equipment includes buoyancy control equipment and mobility equipment:
Buoyancy control is achieved  by  ballasting with diving weights and compensating for buoyancy changes during the dive using a buoyancy compensator:

Buoyancy compensator, also known as Buoyancy Control Device, BCD or BC - is usually a back mounted or sleeveless jacket style device which includes an inflatable bladder used to adjust the buoyancy of the diver under water, and provide positive buoyancy at the surface. The buoyancy compensator is usually an integral part of the harness system used to secure the scuba set to the diver. The earlier collar style buoyancy compensator is seldom used any more.
Diving weighting system - to counteract the buoyancy of the diving suit and diver to allow descent. Professional divers may use additional weighting to ensure stability when working on the bottomMobility equipment allows the diver to move through the water and maneuver on the spot:

Diver Propulsion Vehicle - to increase the range of the diver underwater
Fins for efficient propulsion
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Equipment for dive monitoring and navigation 

These are the equipment used for monitoring the course of the dive and following the dive plan when undesirable events are avoided. They include planning and monitoring the dive profile, gas usage and decompression, navigation, and modifying the plan to suit actual circumstances. 

Depth gauge lets the diver monitor depth, particularly maximum depth and, when used with a watch and Decompression tables, also allows the diver to monitor decompression requirements. Some digital depth gauges also indicate ascent rate which is an important factor in avoiding decompression sickness
Pneumofathometer is the surface supplied diving depth gauge which displays the depth of the diver at the surface control panel. It uses hydrostatic back-pressure on a low flow rate open ended air hose to the diver to indicate depth.
Diving watch is used with depth gauge for decompression monitoring when using decompression tables. Largely superseded by dive computers, where elapsed time is one of the standard displays, and time of day may also be available.
Dive timer is an instrument that displays and records depth and elapsed time during the dive. It is usually possible to extract the information after the dive. This function is often available as "Gauge setting" on dive computers.
Diving compass for underwater navigation. This may be a regular magnetic compass, but is often a selectable function of a dive computer, where a miniature magnetometer is used.
Submersible pressure gauge, also known as a "contents gauge" is used to monitor the remaining breathing gas supply in scuba cylinders.
Dive computer helps the diver to avoid decompression sickness by indicating the decompression stops needed for the dive profile. Most dive computers also indicate depth, time and ascent rate. Some also indicate oxygen toxicity exposure and water temperature, and may provide other functions. A display of cylinder pressure is available on air-integrated computers, either via a direct high pressure hose, or remotely via a pressure transducer and through-water transmission.
Distance line, guide line, or "come-home-line" can be used to guide the diver back to the start point and safety in poor visibility.
A cave line is a line laid by a diver while penetrating a cave to ensure that the way out is known. Permanent cave lines are marked with line markers at all junctions, indicating the direction along the line toward the nearest exit.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Vision and communication 

Underwater vision is significantly affected by several factors. Objects are less visible because of lower levels of natural illumination and are blurred by scattering of light between the object and the viewer, also resulting in lower contrast. These effects vary with wavelength of the light, and color and turbidity of the water. The human eye is unable to focus when in direct contact with water, and an air space must be provided. Voice communication requires special equipment, and much recreational diver communication is visual and based on hand signals.

Masks allow the diver to see clearly underwater and protect the eyes.
Full face masks protect the face from dirty or cold water and reduce risk by securing the gas supply to the diver's face. If it contains no mouthpiece, the diver can talk, allowing the use of communications equipment.
Half masks cover only the eyes and nose. The diver breathes from a separate mouthpiece on the regulator or rebreather.
A prescription mask, or glasses which can be mounted inside the mask or helmet to provide clear vision underwater, enhancing the experience and safety for those with vision problems. A prescription mask contains lenses mounted in the scuba mask frame  or bonded to the original viewports.
Diving helmets are often used for surface-supplied diving. They provide the same benefits as the full face mask but provide a very secure connection of the gas supply to the diver and additionally protect the head.
Underwater writing slates and pencils are used to transport pre-dive plans underwater, to record facts while underwater and to aid communication with other divers.
Dive lights, which are usually waterproof and pressure rated torches or flashlights, are essential for safety in low visibility or dark environments such as night diving and wreck and cave penetration. They are useful for communication and signalling both underwater and on the surface at night. Divers need artificial light even in shallow and clear water to reveal the red end of the spectrum of light which is absorbed as it travels through water. Underwater video lights can serve the same purpose.
Hand-held sonar for a diver can provide a synthetic view using ultrasonic signals emitted and processed by an electronic device and displayed on a screen.
Ultrasonic signalling devices which attract the buddies attention by vibration have been marketed and may have some limited utility.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Safety equipment 

Diver's safety harness, to which a lifeline may be attached, including Bell harness, AR vest, Jump jacket.
Lifeline (or tether): A line from the diver to a tender at the surface control point, which may be used for:communications, by diving line signals,
to allow the diver to be found by the stand-by diver following the line,
to provide a guideline to the surface control point to guide the diver on return,
to assist the diver to maintain position in a current,
in an emergency, to recover the diver to the surface, and
in some cases lift the diver out of the water.
Shotline: A line connecting a shot weight to a marker buoy, used to mark a dive site and provide a vertical reference for descent and ascent.
Buddy line: A short line or strap connecting two divers in the water, used to prevent them from being separated in poor visibility and for communication by line signals.
Jonline: A short line or webbing strap to tether the diver to the shotline in a current.
Surface marker buoy, which indicates the position of the divers to people at the surface.
DSMB - (Delayed, or deployable surface marker buoy), or decompression buoy which is inflated at the start of, or during the ascent, to indicate the position of the divers to the surface team, and as a signal that the divers are ascending.
Cutting tool
Knife to cut lines, nets or to pry or dig.  Not intended for personal protection against underwater predators as it is generally ineffective for this purpose.
Diver's net or line cutter. This is a small handheld tool carried by scuba divers to extricate themselves if trapped in fishing net or fishing line. It has a small sharp blade such as a replaceable scalpel blade inside the small notch. There is a small hole at the other end for a lanyard to tether the cutter to the diver.
Trauma shears. Very effective as a line cutter, with low risk of inadvertent injury or damage. Usually carried in a pocket or special purpose sheath.
Automatic diver recovery devices which inflate the BCD if the diver stops breathing have been marketed. They are not generally used and the risks may outweigh possible benefits.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Surface detection aids 
The purposes of this class of personal equipment are to:
allow the support boat to monitor and find divers on the surface during or after a dive
prevent the diver being struck by boat traffic
mark the diver's position when drift diving or while at the decompression stop
help rescue services in lifeboats and helicopters to locate the diverSurface detection aids include:
Surface marker buoy, decompression buoy, delayed SMB, safety sausage or blob
Red or yellow collapsible flag - high visibility, robust, usually stored bungeed to cylinder
Whistle - cheap, will only be heard by people far from engine noise
Torch or flashlight - if at sea after nightfall
Strobe light - needs long-lasting batteries
High pressure whistle - expensive but effective
Orange dye marker - increases diver's visibility from search helicopters
Mirror such as a used compact disc - to reflect sunlight or searchlights
Red pyrotechnic flares - for helicopters and lifeboats
ENOS Rescue-System
Emergency position-indicating rescue beacon (EPIRB)
Emergency locator beacon - A transmitter carried by the diver that can send a GPS position by VHF radio and/or Automatic identification system (AIS)
Glow stick - for night diving

 Personal tools and accessories 
Camera, strobe (flash), video lights and housing - for underwater photography or underwater videography
Diving reel, spool or line holder to store and transport a distance line or line for a surface marker buoy. A spool is a small flanged cylinder with an axial hole, around which a length of line can be wound, and a line holder is a flat H-shaped piece of rigid sheet material on which a length of line can be wound, as an alternative to a reel or spool. The line may be used with a surface marker buoy or a delayed surface marker buoy, where negative buoyancy of the spool or line holder will help with unwinding the line underwater.
Dry box to hold objects the diver needs to keep dry at depth (wallet, cell phone)
Dry bag to carry items that must stay dry on the boat.
Dive bag to hold equipment for travel.
Tool bag to carry tools that may be required for the job. Various types and sizes are available.
A rescue tether, or rescue rope, is a short lanyard or strap carried by a surface supplied stand-by diver to be used to tether an unresponsive diver to the standby diver during a rescue. It is attached at one end to a D-ring on the stand-by diver's harness, and has a clip at the other end which may be secured to a D-ring on the casualty's harness to allow the rescuer the use of both hands during the return to the bell or surface.

 Diving team tools and equipment 
A jackstay is a form of guideline laid between two points to guide the diver during a search or to and from the workplace or to support and guide equipment for transport between two points.
Lifting bags, an item of diving equipment consisting of a robust and air-tight bag with straps, which is used to lift heavy objects underwater by means of the bag's buoyancy when filled with air.
A shot line, consisting of a weight, line and buoy, is used to mark the location and identify the ascent and descent point of a dive site, allowing divers to navigate to and from the surface and to do decompression stops at a safe location and to help control rate of ascent and descent.
Decompression trapeze is used to assist in maintaining correct depth during in-water decompression stops.
Diving bells and diving stages are used to transport divers from the surface to the underwater workplace.
A downline is a line from the surface to underwater workplace used to control descent, ascent and the transfer of tools, materials and other equipment between the surface and the workplace. A weighted version suspended from the surface is used to control working depth when blue-water diving, It is similar in function to a jackstay, with an emphasis on the vertical dimension. The terms are largely interchangeable – a downline can be considered a predominantly vertical jackstay.

 Surface support equipment connected with diving and underwater work 
Boarding ladders, particularly the Christmas tree ladder configuration, with a single central rail and cantilevered rungs on both sides, which allows a diver to climb while wearing fins.
Breathing gas analysis equipment
Dive platforms (or swim platforms) on boats.
Diver down flag which is flown to warn others that divers are underwater in the vicinity
Diver lifts, to conveniently transport a diver from the deck level into the water near the surface and back out in full equipment.
Diving air compressor to fill diving cylinders with high pressure air or other gasses
Diving chambers for surface decompression and treatment of decompression illness
Diving support vessels
Dive boat
Day boats, which may be rigid-hulled inflatable boats
Live-aboard dive boat
Dynamically positioned vessel
Echo sounder, side-scan sonar and multi-beam sonar for location, depth measurement, and profiling of dive sites
GPS receiver - for locating dive sites
Surface-supplied diving breathing gas supply system, including:
Low pressure breathing air compressors
High pressure gas storage equipment
Breathing gas distribution panels
Diver's umbilicals
Diver voice communications equipment
Gas reclaim system for deep heliox diving
Gas blending systems
Gas blending systems for scuba diving
Hot water systems for supply of heating water to divers wearing hot water suits
Light and shape signals indicating underwater operations
Marine VHF radio - for communicating with rescue services and other vessels
Proton magnetometer - for locating ferrous wrecks
Saturation systems providing surface support for saturation diving.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Special equipment for underwater work not carried by the diver 
Remotely operated underwater vehicle - for locating dive sites, observing the environment, conducting visual searches, monitoring divers or performing physical work. Mostly used in professional diving applications.

 Maintenance 
Life support equipment must be maintained and tested before use to ensure that it remains in serviceable condition and is fit for use at the time. Pre-dive inspection and testing of equipment at some level is standard procedure for all modes and applications of diving. The use of checklists is known to improve reliability of inspection and testing, and may be required by the applicable code of practice or operations manual, or manufacturer's operating instructions. Inadequate pre-dive checks of breathing apparatus can have fatal consequences for some equipment, such as rebreathers, or may require the diving operation to be aborted without achieving its objective.
Maintenance can be categorised as:

Planned periodical maintenance, such as annual service and inspection of breathing apparatus, pressure equipment, lifting gear and other items according to manufacturers' recommendations or legislation.
Cleaning and inspection after use, and appropriate storage. A large part of this is washing off salt water to prevent it from drying on the equipment and leaving corrosive brine or abrasive salt deposits, which can cause accelerated deterioration of some materials and jamming of moving parts. The ultraviolet component of sunlight can also damage non-metallic components and equipment, and ozone produced by electrical equipment is known to adversely affect some materials, such as the latex seals on dry suits. Most diving equipment will last better if stored in a cool, dry, well ventilated place out of direct sunlight.

 Decontamination and disinfection 

Diving equipment may be exposed to contamination in use and when this happens it must be decontaminated This is a particular issue for hazmat diving, but incidental contamination can occur in other environments. Personal diving equipment shared by more than one user requires disinfection before use. Shared use is common for expensive commercial diving equipment, and for rental recreational equipment, and some items such as demand valves, masks, helmets and snorkels which are worn over the face or held in the mouth are possible vectors for infection by a variety of pathogens. Diving suits are also likely to be contaminated, but less likely to transmit infection directly.
When disinfecting diving equipment it is necessary to consider the effectiveness of the disinfectant on the expected pathogens, and the possible adverse effects on the equipment. Some highly effective methods for disinfection can damage the equipment, or cause accelerated degradation of components due to incompatibility with materials.

 Development, manufacture and marketing 

 History 

 
With the partial exception of breath-hold diving, the development of underwater diving capacity, scope, and popularity, has been closely linked to available technology, and the physiological constraints of the underwater environment which the technology allows divers to partially overcome. The timeline of underwater diving technology is a chronological list of notable events in the history of the development of underwater diving equipment.

 Standards 
National and international standards have been published for the manufacture and testing of diving equipment.
Underwater breathing apparatus

EN 14143-2003 Respiratory equipment - Self-contained re-breathing diving apparatus
BS EN 1802:2002 Transportable gas cylinders. Periodic inspection and testing of seamless aluminium alloy gas cylinders
BS EN 1968:2002 Transportable gas cylinders. Periodic inspection and testing of seamless steel gas cylindersSwim fins

MIL-S-82258:1965 US Military specification. Swim fins, rubber.
GOST 22469:1977 USSR/CIS standard, Ласты резиновые для плавания. Общие технические условия. Swimming rubber flippers. General specifications.
DIN 7876:1980 German standard, Tauchzubehör. Schwimmflossen. Maße, Anforderungen und Prüfung. Diving accessories for skin divers. Flippers. Dimensions, requirements and testing.
BN-82/8444-17.02 Polish Industry standard. Gumowy sprzęt pływacki - Płetwy pływackie (Rubber swimming equipment - Swimming fins).
MS 974:1985 Malaysian standard, Specification for rubber swimming fins.
ÖNORM S 4224:1988 Austrian standard, Tauch-Zubehör; Schwimmflossen; Abmessungen, sicherheitstechnische Anforderungen, Prüfung, Normkennzeichnung. Diving accessories; fins; dimensions, safety requirements, testing, marking of conformity.
MS 974:2002 Malaysian standard, Specification for rubber swimming fins. First revision.
EN 16804:2015 European standard, Diving equipment. Diving open heel fins. Requirements and test methods.Diving masks

BS 4532:1969 British standard, Specification for snorkels and face masks. Amended 1977.
GOST 20568:1975 USSR/CIS standard, Маски резиновые для плавания под водой. Общие технические условие. Rubber masks for submarine swimming. General specifications.
DIN 7877:1980 German standard, Tauch-Zubehör. Tauchbrillen. Sicherheitstechnische Anforderungen und Prüfung. Diving accessories for skin divers. Diver's masks. Requirements and testing.
BN-82/8444-17.01 Polish Industry standard, Gumowy sprzęt pływacki - Maski pływackie (Rubber swimming equipment - Swimming masks).
ANSI Z87.11:1985 American National Standard, Underwater Safety. Recreational Skin and Scuba Diving. Lenses for Masks.
ÖNORM S 4225:1988 Austrian standard, Tauch-Zubehör; Tauchmasken (Tauchbrillen); Sicherheitstechnische Anforderungen, Prüfung, Normkennzeichnung. Diving accessories; divers’ masks; safety requirements, testing, marking of conformity.
CNS 12497:1989 Chinese National Standard, 潛水鏡. Diving mask.
CNS 12498:1989 Chinese National Standard, 潛水鏡檢驗法. Method of test for diving mask.
EN 16805:2015 European standard, Diving equipment. Diving mask. Requirements and test methods.Snorkels

BS 4532:1969 British standard, Specification for snorkels and face masks. Amended 1977.
DIN 7878:1980 German standard, Tauch-Zubehör; Schnorchel; Maße, Anforderungen, Prüfung. Diving accessories for skin divers. Snorkel. Technical requirements of safety, testing.
ÖNORM S 4223:1988 Austrian standard, Tauch-Zubehör; Schnorchel; Abmessungen, sicherheitstechnische Anforderungen, Prüfung, Normkennzeichnung. Diving accessories; snorkels; dimensions, safety requirements, testing, marking of conformity.
DIN 7878:1991 German standard, Tauch-Zubehör; Schnorchel; Sicherheitstechnische Anforderungen und Prüfung. Diving accessories for skin divers. Snorkel. Safety requirements and testing.
EN 1972:1997 European standard, Diving accessories. Snorkels. Safety requirements.
EN 1972:2015 European standard, Diving equipment. Snorkels. Requirements and test methods.Buoyancy compensators

BN-82/8444-17.05 Polish Industry standard. Gumowy sprzęt pływacki - Kamizelki pływackie (Rubber swimming equipment - Swim vest).
EN 1809:1998 Diving accessories. Buoyancy compensators. Functional and safety requirements, test methods.
EN 1809:2014+A1:2016 Diving equipment. Buoyancy compensators. Functional and safety requirements, test methods.Wetsuits

CNS 11251:1985 濕式潛水衣. Diving Wet Suit.
EN 14225-1:2005 Diving suits. Wet suits. Requirements and test methods. EN 14225-1:2017 Diving suits. Wet suits. Requirements and test methods.Dry suits

EN 14225-2:2002 Diving suits. Dry suits. Requirements and test methods. EN 14225-2:2017 Diving suits. Dry suits. Requirements and test methods.Depth gauges

EN 13319:2000 Diving accessories. Depth gauges and combined depth and time measuring devices. Functional and safety requirements, test methods.

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Underwater diving equipment at Wikimedia Commons

Big City Greens
Big City Greens is an American animated comedy adventure television series created by The Houghton Brothers that premiered on Disney Channel on June 18, 2018. The series stars the voices of Chris Houghton, Marieve Herington, Bob Joles, Artemis Pebdani, Zeno Robinson, and Wendi McLendon-Covey.

 Premise 
After losing his farm in the country town of Smalton, Bill Green and his two children Cricket and Tilly move in with his mother Alice Green (Gramma), who lives on a small farm in the middle of a city known as "Big City".
By the second half of season three, Bill moves his family back to Smalton after regaining his farm with Cricket's friend Remy coming along for the ride. At the end of season three, Cricket, Tilly, and Bill balance between going back and forth from Big City to Smalton while Nancy manages the farm in Smalton.

 Episodes 

 Characters 

 Main 
Cricket Green (voiced by Chris Houghton) is a 10-year-old troublemaking country boy who is always barefoot. He is fascinated by every discovery he makes in Big City. He got a job at Big Coffee in "Critterball Crisis" until it closed in "Chipwrecked". Later, he worked as a delivery boy at the Gloria + Green Café in the early episodes of Season 3, until his family moved back to Smalton in "The Move". His middle name is revealed to be Ernest, after his late paternal grandfather in "Bleeped". Starting with "Long Goodbye", he is now having adventures between the city and the country with his sister, and the rest of the family.
Tilly Green (voiced by Marieve Herington) is Cricket's older sister, with an eccentric and imaginative nature. She is frequently accompanied by Saxon, a homemade doll Tilly created out of an old sack. Although she is very cheerful and incredibly kind, she has moments of selfishness, like her younger brother. This was shown in the episode "Mama Bird" when she was angry and jealous because the birds didn't show any affection towards her and instead favored Cricket. In "The Move", it is revealed that Tilly was born in the woods. Starting with "Long Goodbye", she is now having adventures between the city and the country with her brother, and the rest of the family.
Bill Green (voiced by Bob Joles as an adult, Andre Robinson as a child) is Cricket and Tilly's father and Gramma Alice's son. A skilled farmer, Bill is overprotective and cautious, having lost part of a finger because of a hay baler accident.
Gramma Alice Green (voiced by Artemis Pebdani) is Bill's mother and Cricket and Tilly's paternal grandmother, who owns the Green family farm in Big City. She frequently exhibits cantankerous and combative behavior to hide her love and affection for her family. In the Season 2 finale, she becomes the investor of the Gloria + Greens Café. When the family moves back to their farm in "The Move", Alice initially decides to stay in Big City, but from "Homeward Hound" to "Long Goodbye" she stayed with her family after realizing that she missed them (having used the farm animals sneaking into Big City as an excuse). Her full name is revealed to be Alice Delores Green in "Cricket Versus".
Remy Remington (voiced by Zeno Robinson) is Cricket's best friend, whom he meets shortly after moving to Big City. He comes from a rich family – being optimistic and fun-loving, but he also struggles with his self-confidence. He later tags along with the Greens in their move back to Smalton. His last name is revealed to be Remington in "Remy Rescue".
Nancy Green (voiced by Wendi McLendon-Covey as an adult, Candace Kozak as a child) is Cricket and Tilly's mother and Bill's ex-wife. A former biker with a rebellious streak, she was briefly incarcerated for trying to free cows from a factory before being released after the family moved to Big City. While they are divorced, she and Bill remain good friends, and she is a frequent presence in the children's lives; she even moves with the family when they buy their farm in Smalton back. After the Season 3 finale, Nancy takes care of the farm while the family goes back and forth living in Big City and Smalton.

 Recurring 
Gloria (voiced by Anna Akana) is the former Japanese-American barista at Big Coffee, who becomes friends and co-workers with Cricket. She dreams of one day saving up enough money to leave Big City and move to Paris. After "Chipocalypse Now" (due to Big Coffee closing), Gloria gets evicted from her apartment and moves in with the Greens. In "'Rent Control", her surname is revealed to be "Sato" (derived from her parents' known surnames). In the Season 2 finale, she succeeds in opening her dream coffeehouse, with help from the Greens, called the Gloria + Green Café. During Gramma's "visit" to her family in Smalton during the second half of Season 3, Gloria took care of her house.
Officer Keys (voiced by Andy Daly as an adult, Jason Maybaum as a child) is a muscular Big City police officer with an overly cheery and oblivious personality. He can get serious at times when policing people.
Kiki (voiced by Monica Ray from Season 1-"Boss Life", Stephanie Sheh as of "Pen Pals") is part of a group of children that frequently play with Cricket, Tilly, and Remy. Her last name is revealed to be Kitashima in "Chipocalypse Now".
Benny (voiced by Luke Lowe) is part of a group of children that frequently play with Cricket, Tilly, and Remy.
Westley "Weezie" Eastman (voiced by Lamar Woods) is part of a group of children that frequently play with Cricket, Tilly and Remy. His real name is revealed to be Westley Eastman in "Chipocalypse Now".
Brett Eze (voiced by Colton Dunn) is the Greens' easygoing next-door neighbor who works at an animal shelter. His last name is revealed to be Eze in "Chipocalypse Now".
Chip Whistler (voiced by Paul Scheer) is the main antagonist of the series, the Green family's rival, and manager of the Wholesome Foods supermarket, a parody of Whole Foods Market. A running gag is that his attempts to defeat the Greens get his front tooth chipped (except for "Friend Con", in which all his other teeth fell out instead), though his front tooth would somehow be repaired by the next appearance. In Season 2, he becomes the CEO of the Wholesome Foods Corporation after his father's retirement and plans to run the Greens out of Big City. Since "Chipocalypse Now", Chip is now banned from Big City by Mayor Hansock as his helicopter gets flung far by telephone wires when trying to attack Cricket. He was absent throughout most of Season 3 until the finale "Long Goodbye" where it was revealed he survived the helicopter crash and is planning an even bigger revenge against the Greens.
Vasquez (voiced by Danny Trejo) is Remy's bodyguard who watches over him when his parents are unavailable.
Rashida Remington (voiced by Lorraine Toussaint) is Remy's well-to-do mother who works as a lawyer.
Russell Remington (voiced by Colton Dunn) is Remy's father and Rashida's husband. He is a lawyer and former football player for the Big City Bengals.
Ms. Cho (voiced by Anna Akana) is the former owner of Big Coffee and Gloria and Cricket's boss. She only communicates via grunting (though other characters seem to understand what she's saying). Her first name is Miriam, as revealed in "Cricket's Kapowie". In "Chipwrecked", Chip Whistler bribes Ms. Cho into retirement which results in Big Coffee closing; she has not been seen since.
Andromeda (voiced by Nicole Byer) is Tilly's best friend. She is a conspiracy theorist with a strong belief in aliens, supernatural phenomena, and government cover-ups.
Alucard Grigorian (voiced by Maurice LaMarche) is an old Armenian man who is the neighbor of Brett and the Greens and has personal issues with Gramma. His first name is revealed in "Chipocalypse Now".
Gabriella Espinosa (voiced by Jenna Ortega in most appearances, Nikki Castillo in "Long Goodbye") is Cricket's girlfriend and female counterpart. She's as troublemaking and rambunctious as Cricket is as well as sharing his interests.
Gregly (voiced by Tim Robinson) is Cricket's grumpy friend who has a habit of screaming everything he says.
Maria Media (voiced by Raven-Symoné) is a local news reporter in Big City.
Community Sue (voiced by Betsy Sodaro as an adult, Monica Ray as a child) is the director of the Big City Community Center. She constantly shouts during conversations and regularly encourages others to adopt more health-conscious behaviors. Her last name is revealed to be Lanemoto in "Chipocalypse Now."
Gwendolyn Zapp (voiced by Cheri Oteri) is the CEO of the BigTech technology company. She is an eccentric and slightly mad inventor, creating high-tech products that tend to go haywire.
Patti (voiced by Brooke Dillman) is the owner of Patti's Diner in Smalton.
Hector (voiced by Harvey Guillén) is Cricket's old friend from the Smalton Scrapyard.
Lupita (voiced by Rylee Alazraqui) is Hector's little boisterous sister.
Sunday (voiced by Ali Stroker) is Hector's peace-loving girlfriend.
Nick (voiced by Billy West) is Nancy's estranged ne'er-do-well father and Cricket and Tilly's maternal grandfather. He previously appeared in flashbacks in the episodes "Greens' Acres" and "Rat Tail" before returning in present-time in Season 4 to meet and spend time with his grandkids and the rest of the family.

 Notable guest stars 
Waiter (voiced by Jim Rash) appears in "Fill Bill".
Fish (voiced by Busta Rhymes) appears in "Fill Bill".
Pepper Merchant (voiced by Griffin McElroy) appears in "Feud Fight".
Louis (voiced by Jon Hamm) appears in "Big Deal".
Jyle (voiced by Wallace Shawn) appears in "Night Bill".
Dr. Enamel (voiced by Eric Jacobson as Fozzie Bear) appears in "Hurty Tooth".
Wyatt (voiced by Alex Hirsch) appears in "Park Pandemonium".
Donny Tinselton (voiced by Thomas Middleditch) appears in "Cricket's Kapowie".
Hair Stylist (voiced by Jonathan Van Ness) appears in "Cricket's Kapowie".
Santa Claus (voiced by Christopher Lloyd) appears in "Green Christmas".
Mr. Whistler (voiced by Ed Begley Jr.) appears in "Reckoning Ball" and "Chipwrecked".
Grampa Green (voiced by Tim Blake Nelson) appears in "Garage Tales".
Phoenix (voiced by Jameela Jamil) appears in "Animal Farm" and "Homeward Hound".
Cogburn (voiced by Alfred Molina) appears in "Animal Farm" and "Homeward Hound".
Other Bill Green (voiced by Jim O'Heir) appears in "Animal Farm".
Canteloupe Sinclair (voiced by Melissa Fumero) appears in "Dolled Up".
Tom Hanks (voiced by himself) speaks offscreen at the end of "Cheap Show".
Mimi O'Malley (voiced by Lucy Lawless) appears in "Cricket's Tickets".
Gertie (voiced by Sandy Martin) appears in "Super Gramma!".
Librarian (voiced by Linda Hamilton) appears in "Quiet Please".
Chairwoman (voiced by Mary Holland) appears in "Chipwrecked".
Mayor Hansock (voiced by Andy Richter) appears in "Chipocalypse Now" and "Spaghetti Theory".
Ronald Featherman (voiced by David Wain) appears in "Winter Greens".
Kevin (voiced by Booboo Stewart) appears in "Winter Greens".
Kara Karaoke (voiced by Macy Gray) appears in "Okay Karaoke".
Viper Fang (voiced by Joe Manganiello) appears in "Spaghetti Theory" and "Takened".
Rick (voiced by David Harbour) appears in "The Van".
Community Dan (voiced by Rob Riggle) appears in "Bat Girl".
Gina (voiced by Riki Lindhome) appears in "The Gifted".
Janice (voiced by Lennon Parham) appears in "Papaganda".
Dirk (voiced by Ken Marino) appears in "No Service".
Mr. Fluffenfold (voiced by Patton Oswalt) appears in "DependaBill".
Doug Perkins (voiced by Tom Gammill) appears in "DependaBill" and "Long Goodbye".
Ms. Torres (voiced by Rosie Perez) appears in "The Delivernator".
Frilled Lizard (voiced by Wiz Khalifa) appears in "Rembo".
Wayne (voiced by Tony Cavalero) appears in "Pie Hard", "Frilly Tilly", and "Bunny Farm".
Tina (voiced by Sydney Park) appears in "Pizza Deliverance".
Mr. Extras (voiced by Alfonso Ribeiro) appears in "Virtually Christmas".
Merv Stampington (voiced by Danny DeVito) appears in "Long Goodbye".
Bonnie Spark (voiced by Amy Sedaris) appears in "Jingled".
Rick Razzle (voiced by Michael Bolton) appears in "Jingled".
Serenity Spruce (voiced by Jenny Yokobori) appears in "Junk Junkie".

 Production 
On March 8, 2016, Disney XD greenlit the series under the title of Country Club. The series is created by the brothers Chris and Shane Houghton, who originally worked on Nickelodeon's Harvey Beaks. Chris Houghton also worked as a storyboard artist on Gravity Falls with Rob Renzetti. The series was later renamed to Big City Greens on July 21, 2017. The show's animation is done entirely in traditional pen and paper as opposed to digital ink. The theme song was written and performed by The Mowgli's, and on July 28, 2017, a sneak peek of it was revealed at the 2017 San Diego Comic-Con and was uploaded to Disney XD's YouTube channel on the same day. On May 17, 2018, it was reported that Disney Channel had ordered a second season of Big City Greens ahead of the series' debut. On October 7, 2019, it was announced that the second season would premiere on November 4, 2019, however, it got pushed back to November 16, 2019. On January 13, 2021, the series was renewed for a third season. On January 21, 2022, the series was renewed for a fourth season, which premiered on September 23, 2023.During production for the first season, an episode titled "Hands-On History" was in development. The episode was directed by Monica Ray, from a story by Carson Montgomery, also being written and storyboarded by Caldwell Tanner and Cheyenne Curtis. It featured Mark Hamill in the role of Dr. Ponderstein, a sinister curator who ran a museum. The plot focused on Cricket and Remy at odds with one another, over Ponderstein's method of educating children. The episode was shelved when the Houghton Brothers found Remy's behavior in the episode unlikeable - they could not find a way to make the story work so early in the show's run. On cancelling the episode, co-creator Chris Houghton stated, "[W]e killed that episode for the best of reasons: it just didn’t work. We broke and re-broke the story a ton of times. Reboarded it again and again. Sometimes the best course of action is to take your creation out behind the shed, ya know?" The episode's production number, 110, would be given to "Parade Day" and "DIY Guys" instead.

 Release 
When announced, the series was scheduled to premiere in 2018 on Disney XD; however, on March 26, 2018, it was reported that the series would debut on Disney Channel in mid-2018. On May 17, 2018, The Hollywood Reporter reported that the series would premiere on Disney Channel as part of Disney Channel's GO! Summer on June 18, 2018. The series premiere was made available for streaming via the DisneyNow app and the Disney Channel YouTube channel as of June 8, 2018. Additional new episodes premiered on This Week Mornings at 10:00 AM throughout the summer. In addition, Big City Greens shorts began airing on Disney Channel and Disney Channel's YouTube channel on June 4, 2018.

 Reception 

 Critical response 
Bekah Burbank of LaughingPlace.com praised the characters of the series, writing, "While the mischief and antics are super silly and completely ridiculous, the characters themselves are quite fun. Just like it is with every family, the quirkiness is what you come to love most about the people you spend time with. The Green family might not be perfect, but they’re positive, supportive, and optimistic no matter the situation. Everyone could benefit from spending a little time with this wacky family."  Dave Trumbore of Collider asserted, "The animated series does a solid job of delivering fish-out-of-water laughs alongside some good, old-fashioned heart, making for a refreshing story that has one foot in the country and one in the city."Emily Ashby of Common Sense Media gave Big City Greens a grade of four out of five stars and complimented the presence of positive messages and role models, writing, "Big City Greens is a quirky but heartwarming animated series about a family that moves from the country to the city and doesn't quite fit in. Despite mining familiar stereotypes of rural dwellers the show has strong family-centric themes and silly, lighthearted laughs." Jaclyn Appelgate of Comic Book Resources ranked Big City Greens 5th in their "Best Currently Airing Kids' Cartoons" list, saying, "Both children and parents alike are entertained by the hilarious comedy and the lighthearted emphasis on family. Although the plot is simple in nature, being about a country family who goes to live in the big city, it's one of those shows viewers can rely on after a long day. Many fans even consider it a PG version of The Simpsons, which would explain why adults enjoy watching it as well."

 Ratings 

 Accolades 

 Film 
Along with a fourth season, a musical film was announced to be in development, with the series' main cast returning. Series director Anne O'Brian will helm the film, with Michael Coughling producing. The film is expected to be released on both Disney Channel and Disney+. The film is titled Big City Greens: The Movie.

 In other media 

 Video game 
A multiplayer game titled Big City Battle!, where players compete against each other in order to earn a place as a member of the Green family, was released on the DisneyNOW app.

 NHL broadcast 
On March 14, 2023, ESPN presented a youth-oriented, Big City Greens-themed telecast of a National Hockey League game between the Washington Capitals and the New York Rangers—the NHL Big City Greens Classic —on Disney Channel, Disney XD, Disney+ and ESPN+. The broadcast leveraged the NHL Edge player and puck tracking system, combined with technology from Beyond Sports, to present a real-time 3D animated recreation of the game; the teams' players were represented by avatars on an outdoor rink, with Vincent Trocheck and Evgeny Kuznetsov being portrayed by avatars of Cricket and Tilly respectively (with their voice actors also using live facial motion capture), and the goalies portrayed by Grandma Alice and Bill Green. Gloria and Remy also joined the game during the last few minutes. Commentators Kevin Weekes and Drew Carter were featured via motion captured avatars, developed by the animation studio Silver Spoon (which had previously worked with CBS Sports and Nickelodeon on similar motion captured avatars for segments of youth-oriented NFL broadcasts). The broadcast on Disney Channel drew approximately 140,000 viewers, while the Disney XD simulcast had roughly 30,000, for a total of 176,000 viewers. In November 2023, it was reported that the simulcast will return in 2024.

 References 

 External links 
 Quotations related to Big City Greens at Wikiquote
Official website
Production website
Big City Greens at IMDb

Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords
Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords is a role-playing video game developed by Obsidian Entertainment and published by LucasArts. It is the sequel to BioWare's Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic and was released for the Xbox on December 6, 2004, for Microsoft Windows on February 8, 2005, for OS X and Linux on July 21, 2015, for Android and iOS on December 18, 2020 and for Nintendo Switch on June 8, 2022. Like its predecessor, it is set in the Star Wars universe 4,000 years before the events of the film Episode I: The Phantom Menace and is based on the d20 System developed by Wizards of the Coast. 
The game uses the Odyssey Engine, which was originally used in Knights of the Old Republic. Writing first began before the original Knights of the Old Republic was released, and development began in October 2003, after BioWare offered Obsidian their Star Wars license due to being confident in their previous work.
Knights of the Old Republic II starts five years after the events of the first game and follows the story of The Exile, a Jedi Knight who was exiled from the Jedi Order. During this time, the Jedi Order has been almost completely wiped out by the Sith. The game begins with the protagonist waking up from unconsciousness on an asteroid mining facility. After the player escapes with the help of their party members, they find the person who exiled them ten years ago, who sends the protagonist on a mission to seek out the remaining Jedi to fight against the Sith.
The game's critical reception upon its release was generally positive; praise was given to the story, characters, and writing, which were noted to be more gray than the original Knights of the Old Republic. The game was included in the book 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die. Particular praise was given to the character of Kreia,  with GameSpy naming her the best video game character of 2005. However, the game received criticism for being too similar to its predecessor in terms of graphics and gameplay systems, as well as being launched in an incomplete state.

 Gameplay 
Knights of the Old Republic II is not a turn based game, but is a role-playing video game played from a third-person view that features pausable real-time combat. Combat and interactions with the environment and non-player characters in Knights of the Old Republic II are based on the d20 System as in Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic. The game starts with a character creation screen with several choices to make, and there is also an option of letting the game do it automatically. There are 30 new Force powers, which are manifestations of the Force, in Knights of the Old Republic II. Like its predecessor, the game has several minigames, including swoop bike racing and a card game called Pazaak. The interface has been streamlined from the original game and party management has been made easier; for example, the player can switch between two selected weapon sets in the menu. As in the first game, the player can choose to align with either the light side or the dark side. Choosing dialogue options that are respectful and empathetic gives the protagonist light side points, while options that are egotistic and evil result in dark side points.The combat of Knights of the Old Republic II is identical to its predecessor. Several new lightsaber forms were added to the game. Each of them is useful for a different situation. For example, one is best for enemies using blaster weapons, while another would be good for recovering from using Force powers. The player can use a variety of melee and ranged weapons, including swords and firearms. Fighting unarmed is also an option. A new addition to the game is "prestige classes", add-ons to the Jedi classes that were established in Knights of the Old Republic. They allow the player character to practice in lightsaber combat or Force powers, depending on player choice.The player can travel with up to two party members at a time, who gain experience points at the same rate as the player character. Equipment and perks for party characters can be selected for different statistical effects or abilities. Players can loot corpses and various environmental objects. The protagonist also has the ability to "influence" their party members; by doing things that impress them, the player increases their influence with them. Depending on the level of influence, party members may support the player character unconditionally or turn against the protagonist. The player can also exploit high influence by drawing party members to either the light side or the dark side, and some characters can even be trained to use the Force.

 Synopsis 

 Setting 
The game takes place five years after the events of Knights of the Old Republic and 4,000 years before Episode I: The Phantom Menace, in a time when the Jedi have been nearly exterminated by the Sith. The player's character, a former Jedi Knight exiled from the Jedi Order, is referred to as "The Exile" or "Jedi Exile". Throughout the game, the Exile restores their connection to the Force while, with the help of playable companions, setting out to stop the Sith. The player makes choices that turn the Exile to either the light side or the dark side of the Force, and they travel to six planets to either help or hinder the Republic's efforts to bring peace and stability to the galaxy.New playable locations in Knights of the Old Republic II include Telos, Onderon and its moon Dxun, Nar Shaddaa, Malachor V, the Peragus Mining Facility, and various starships such as the hijacked Republic cruiser Harbinger, the Sith cruiser Ravager, and Goto's yacht orbiting Nar Shaddaa. Two planets featured in the original game, Korriban and Dantooine, are revisited, both with ravaged buildings and intensified problems. The Ebon Hawk, the main character's ship in the first game, is also the player's transportation in Knights of the Old Republic II.

 Characters 

The Exile's backstory reveals that the character served under Revan during the Mandalorian Wars and ordered the activation of a devastating weapon in the climactic battle over Malachor V. The deaths that ensued created such a substantial "wound" in the Force that the character was forced to sever their connection to the Force to survive, and the Jedi Council ordered the character exiled from the Jedi Order. As the game progresses, the Jedi Exile rebuilds a connection to the Force and creates unusually strong Force Bonds with other characters and places, while unknowingly sapping Force powers.Among the characters who join the Jedi Exile are Kreia, who acts as the Exile's mentor; pilot and former Sith assassin Atton Rand; technician and Mandalorian War veteran Bao-Dur and his droid remote; the criminal droid G0-T0; and the Sith apprentice Visas Marr. T3-M4 and Canderous Ordo (now identified as "Mandalore"), both featured in the first game, also join the Exile's team. Other characters join the Exile's party under certain conditions. HK-47, who appears in the first game, joins the quest if the Exile collects and uses the parts necessary to reactivate him. Depending on the player's alignment, the Exile will either be joined by the bounty hunter Mira (light side or neutral) or by her rival, a Wookiee bounty hunter known as Hanharr (dark side). Depending on the player's gender, the Exile will either be joined by Mical the Disciple (female Exile) or Brianna the Handmaiden (male Exile).The game features three main antagonists: Darth Traya, a mysterious assailant who remains in the dark through most of the game; Darth Sion, an undead Sith Lord who once served under Exar Kun in the Great Sith War (as seen in Tales of the Jedi); and Darth Nihilus, a Sith Lord whose physical being was destroyed due to his immense affinity to the Force. These three Sith Lords are leaders of a loose affiliation of warriors and assassins leftover from Darth Malak's empire from the previous game. Between the events of that game and this one, the Sith have launched a largely successful genocide campaign against the Jedi Order. Another major antagonist is Atris, a former member of the Jedi Council whose unethical efforts to thwart the Sith come into conflict with the Exile.

 Plot 
While hiding on the Harbinger, a Republic cruiser, the Exile is sedated by an HK-50 assassin droid to be delivered to a crime syndicate called the Exchange, who have put out a bounty on live Jedi. The Exile is rescued by Kreia, with whom the Exile forms a Force Bond, and the droid T3-M4 on the Ebon Hawk, and the three flee the Harbinger as it is hijacked by a squad of Sith assassins. However, their ship is damaged during the escape by the Harbinger's gunfire, and they eventually arrive at the Peragus Mining Facility. Teaming up with smuggler Atton Rand, the group escapes to the planet Telos IV. While hiding out on Telos, they encounter Atris, a surviving member of the Jedi Council who sentenced the protagonist to exile ten years prior. After settling a dispute regarding the Exile's past sentence, Atris forms an uneasy alliance with them, instructing them to seek out other surviving Jedi in order to rally against the Sith. The Exile then travels to four worlds to find reclusive Jedi Masters and either beg for their aid or kill them in revenge for being exiled, depending on player choice. As the Exile continues their journey, they are joined by several individuals in their quest.After finding all the Masters, the Exile travels back to Dantooine and learns that the countless deaths at Malachor V resulted in the Exile unconsciously giving up their connection to the Force, which then became the teachings of the new Sith. If the player aided the Jedi Masters, they prepare to strip the Exile of their Force connection permanently, as the Masters fear that these teachings could result in the actual death of the Force, but Kreia reveals herself to be the former leader of the Sith and murders them all in retribution. If the player killed the Jedi Masters, Kreia attacks the Exile and leaves. Tracking Kreia to Telos, the Exile fights and defeats a corrupted Atris, from whom it is learned that Kreia plans to strengthen a massive "wound" in the Force made ten years prior. This "wound" had been created by the Exile during the Mandalorian Wars, when they activated a gravitational superweapon, the Mass Shadow Generator, in order to end the battle on the planet Malachor V, causing mass death and destruction. Before following her to Malachor V, where Kreia had since rejoined the Sith as Darth Traya, the Exile stops a Sith invasion of Telos, defeating one of Traya's former apprentices, the Sith Lord Darth Nihilus. On Malachor V, the Exile is separated from their companions and fights through hordes of monsters on the planet's surface and the inhabitants of a large Sith Academy who survived the cataclysm. On the final floor of the academy, the Exile kills the Sith Lord Darth Sion and confronts Darth Traya in the planet's core.The Exile defeats the Sith Lord, but before Traya dies, she delivers a prophetic vision of the future pertaining to the player's companions and the worlds that were visited over the course of the story. Depending on the Exile's alignment, they either order the destruction of Malachor V, escaping before it is destroyed, and travel into the Unknown Regions in search of Revan (light side), or remain on Malachor V as the new Dark Lord of the Sith (dark side).

 Development 
Knights of the Old Republic II was developed by Obsidian Entertainment and published by LucasArts. It is the sequel to BioWare's Knights of the Old Republic, and it uses the same Odyssey Engine as the original game. BioWare suggested that Obsidian should be offered the Knights of the Old Republic license due to their familiarity with Obsidian's past work and the good relationship between the two developers, as well as due to finding LucasArts' development schedule for the sequel to be too tight. The game was released in PC and Xbox versions, but due to the Xbox version being released two months prior to the PC version, it has multiple unfixed bugs.Development of the game began in October 2003. The overview of the game's story was originally drafted before the first Knights of the Old Republic was released, after which it saw many revisions and also some major redrafts. In preparation to write Knights of the Old Republic II, lead designer Chris Avellone tried to learn as much about the Star Wars universe as possible. He read many books, guides, modules, and graphic novels, and the Obsidian team also relied on the first Knights of the Old Republic and the original Star Wars films for inspiration. Avellone said that Obsidian recognized one of the things that made Knights of the Old Republic great was the story and the companions, and that they tried to expand upon this by adding more depth to them.Knights of the Old Republic II uses the same d20 System as the first Knights of the Old Republic with some changes, and the level cap has also been removed. For the most part, the team didn't want to redo any of the design elements from the first game, as they felt that there was no need to change anything that had already proved successful; instead, they opted to look for areas that could be improved and expanded upon them in a way that retained the base style of Knights of the Old Republic. Obsidian put much work into the game's graphics, including the appearances of non-player characters. Other technological improvements include the lighting and weather effects, in addition to increasing the level sizes. Knights of the Old Republic II's lead artist was Aaron Meyers; he decided which people would join the art team after looking through "tons of applications, resumes, and demo reels", and he said that he was pleased with the number of people who wanted to work for Obsidian. Meyers also complained about the short deadline the development team had to deal with. Obsidian's COO, Chris Parker, said that the schedule set for the development team was "extremely aggressive", and that the team felt a lot of pressure because they were "making a sequel to the game of the year for 2003".For the music, the development team felt that symphony orchestra would work best for Knights of the Old Republic II. The musical score was composed by Mark Griskey, who developed music and themes for characters and places, including the Jedi's theme, Darth Sion's theme and Darth Nihilus's theme (which both have many similarities with the Emperor's theme from Return of the Jedi). He also created a theme for the main character, which is heard occasionally when the player experiences internal conflict. The ~55-minute score was recorded by the Sinfonia Orchestra in Seattle. The opening crawl utilizes the version of John Williams' main Star Wars theme that was re-recorded for the prequel trilogy.
When Obsidian was preparing to present Knights of the Old Republic II at E3 2004, they tried to fit as much information as they could, saying that it would need to be a duration of 30 minutes as it was the only E3 event it would be showcased at; however, due to the limited time frame, they would have to cut it down to a five- to ten-minute presentation. During this time, none of the levels Obsidian designed were ready to be shown, so they picked three levels and put them through a schedule to finish them on time. The demo was finished a few days before the event, and the game was presented in May 2004. The first trailer for Knights of the Old Republic II was later unveiled in July 2004, and the official website was launched in October.When looking back at Knights of the Old Republic II in a 2013 interview, Avellone said that because of LucasArts forcing Obsidian to finish the game in a short time frame of 14 to 16 months, the game ended up being in an "unfinished" state. However, Avellone said that Obsidian was at fault for this due to not cutting out enough things; he noted that all minigames should have been removed, and also said that there were too many in-engine cutscenes. Obsidian's co-founder, Feargus Urquhart, said that the game was originally going to be released in 2005, but it was later moved up to December 2004 after E3; according to him, Obsidian had to choose between "get[ting] in trouble or get[ting] it done". Due to this, several cuts had to be made; one of the most major was the droid planet M4-78, which was entirely removed from the game after the 2004 E3 event when the team realized that they wouldn't be able to fit it into the schedule. M4-78's designer, Kevin Saunders, explained that he moved assets from that planet to Nar Shaddaa's yacht level in order to complete it on time, which was prior also likely to be cut from the game.The Xbox version of Knights of the Old Republic II went gold on November 23, 2004; it was later released on December 6, 2004 in the United States, and the PC version was released on February 8, 2005. In Europe, the game was released simultaneously for both platforms on February 11. The game was later re-released in August 2012 on the digital distribution platform, Steam, and in January 2015 on GOG.com.  On July 21, 2015, OS X and Linux versions were released along with new support for Steam Workshop and other Steamworks features, controller input, and modern widescreen resolutions up to 5K. Backward compatibility for the Xbox One was announced in April 2018. An iOS and Android version was released on December 18, 2020.Along with several official patches, a notable fan-made mod called The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification or TSLRCM serves as an unofficial patch by fixing around 500 remaining bugs, along with restoring most of the content that was cut from the game. There were also methods found by the community for improving compatibility on modern PC operating systems.

 Reception 

 Commercial performance 
According to The NPD Group, Knights of the Old Republic II sold 458,000 copies in North America during the month of December 2004. It entered their chart for the month at number 11, and at number 3 on the Xbox-only chart. After its North American release on Windows, it debuted at number 2 on the PC chart for the month of February. In the United Kingdom, the game debuted at the top of the weekly chart, beating Blizzard Entertainment's much-anticipated online game World of Warcraft, which was released in the same week. Eurogamer reported that in the UK Knights of the Old Republic II sold much more in its first week than the first game, which the website speculates was helped by the former's simultaneous release on Windows and Xbox in PAL regions, as opposed to the latter's initial Xbox-only release. During 2005 alone, the Xbox version sold more than 60,000 copies in the region.By early 2006, Knights of the Old Republic II had sold almost 1.5 million copies. Its sales in the United States alone reached 1.275 million by 2008.

 Critical reception 

Knights of the Old Republic II was met with positive reception upon its release; on Metacritic, it has an aggregate score of 85/100 and 86/100 on the PC and Xbox versions respectively, indicating "generally favorable reviews" according to the site. IGN said that there is a bulk of pressure involved with developing the sequel to a game from a different developer which won several "Game of the Year" awards, and that Obsidian delivered. The review also said that it will not disappoint fans of the original game and that it is mostly similar to it in terms of the model. GamePro praised both the first and second Knights of the Old Republic and said that the second game continues the series' tradition of not fixing what is not broken. GameSpot echoed this statement, also saying that both the good things and the shortcomings from the first game are present in Knights of the Old Republic II.GameSpy compared the game to The Empire Strikes Back from the original Star Wars film trilogy in that it is the best of the series in terms of story, and also said that the game has the best story in a video game since Planescape: Torment. 1UP.com wrote that Obsidian surpassed the original Knights of the Old Republic in terms of the writing, saying that the plot is more consistent, the dialogue is edgier and the moral choices are more significant; Computer Gaming World agreed, writing, "your decision making, as you pursue a light or dark path, is more ambiguous, with more unexpected consequences". Eurogamer said that compared to the original game, Knights of the Old Republic II's plot is "far more grey". The review also said that planets are "better developed and paced". GameZone wrote that the game is a "Must Buy" for people who like well-written characters and story.The combat was generally well-received, with some reviewers noting that it is mostly unchanged from the original Knights of the Old Republic. GameSpot compared the combat from the first Knights of the Old Republic to the second, saying that it is not well-balanced in both; however, the reviewer wrote that it helps the combat remain spontaneous. GameZone said that the combat is not changed from the first Knights of the Old Republic to the second, but that this is a good thing since the combat in the original was enjoyable. IGN praised the game's AI, saying that it is easy to control the main character alone without controlling the party members. GameSpy's reviewer, on the other hand, said that he encountered problems with the combat AI that were not present in the original Knights of the Old Republic.GameSpot criticized Knights of the Old Republic II's graphics, calling them "lackluster". GameSpy's reviewer felt that the game's graphics were disappointing, calling them "a little dated" and "half-baked". The reviewer further criticized the graphics for looking the same as they were in the first game of the series, saying that they could only be considered "good" during the release of that game. GameZone said that the game looks exactly the same as the original Knights of the Old Republic and that it does not compare to the majority of mainstream games released at the time. GameSpy called the music in the game "excellent"; however, the reviewer noted that some of it is re-used from the first game of the series. The GameSpy reviewer also said that while the majority of the voice-acting is good, there are "a few more examples of bad voice-acting" than in the first Knights of the Old Republic. GameZone said that the "top-notch" voice acting complements the game's very well-written dialogue, and also praised the game's sound effects.The game was criticized for its glitches; several players reported having problems with pathfinding bugs. 1UP.com's reviewer condemned Knights of the Old Republic II for having the same bugs and technical issues as in the first game, saying that his party "still had a tendency to warp and skip around the map at times", and he also criticized the pathfinding in the game. GameSpy said that the game's bugs are "hard to forgive", and that these issues did not occur in the first Knights of the Old Republic. In a different article, GameSpy said that the game is incomplete, and attributed this to its rushed deadline.GameSpy called Kreia the best video game character of 2005, saying that she was "easily the most intriguing, complicated, enigmatic, well-designed and nuanced character in a video game this year". The game received runner-up placements in GameSpot's 2004 "Best Role-playing Game", "Best Voice Acting", "Best New Character" and "Best Game Based on a TV or Film Property" award categories across all platforms. In 2010, the game was included as one of the titles in the book 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die.

 References 
Footnotes

Citations

 External links 
Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords at IMDb 
Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords at MobyGames
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords on Wookieepedia, a Star Wars wiki

Birmingham Stallions
The Birmingham Stallions were a franchise in the United States Football League, an attempt to establish a second professional league of American football in the United States in competition with the National Football League.  They played their home games at Birmingham, Alabama's Legion Field.  They competed in all three USFL seasons, 1983–1985.  During their run, they were one of the USFL's more popular teams, and seemed to have a realistic chance of being a viable venture had the USFL been better run.The owner was Cincinnati financier and Birmingham native Marvin Warner. The team's coach was Rollie Dotsch, who was previously the offensive line coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers during its Super Bowl years and ended up with the second most wins in USFL history. The Stallions starting quarterback for their final two seasons was Cliff Stoudt, a long-time backup to Terry Bradshaw with the Steelers.  Stoudt had finally taken over for the injured Bradshaw in 1983 and had played very well for the first half of the season, but his game fell apart in the second half of the season, leading Steeler fans to harshly turn on him. After the season, Stoudt quickly decided it was not worth staying in Pittsburgh and signed with the Stallions.  (Amusingly, the expansion Pittsburgh Maulers' lone sellout was the game where Cliff Stoudt returned to Pittsburgh. Steeler fans pelted the hated Stoudt with snowballs throughout the game, but Stoudt and Birmingham won, 30–18.)
In Birmingham, Stoudt proved to be an excellent QB, finishing in the league's top 5 in 1984 and 1985, among such peers as Jim Kelly and Chuck Fusina and leading the team to two divisional titles. The Stallions also added Bills star HB Joe Cribbs in 1984.  Cribbs led the league in rushing in 1984 and finished 6th in 1985. Former Steeler WR Jim Smith was another of the team's stars. Many other Stallions players would play in the NFL once the USFL went out of existence.

 1983 season 
Warner was initially slated to be the owner of the USFL's Washington franchise–what became the Washington Federals. However, when he learned that the USFL was putting a franchise in his hometown, he jumped at it. Without Warner's wealth behind them, the Federals were forced to abandon the capital after two seasons and move to Orlando as the Renegades.The Stallions scrambled to put a roster together after training camp and signed or claimed approximately 20 players via trades or waivers in the week prior to their first game.  However, Dotsch managed to mold them into a fairly competitive team that finished 9-9.
Although the team made a splash in signing their first-round draft pick, quarterback Reggie Collier out of Southern Mississippi, the remainder of the Stallions consisted of mostly unsung former NFL reserves and college free agents.
One of the few pro veterans signed was center Tom Banks (a Birmingham native), who spent ten seasons with the St. Louis Cardinals.  Banks played 116 NFL games (starting 63) while with the Cardinals and was brought in by coach Rollie Dotsch to serve as a mentor to a very young club.  Banks eventually retired after the 1984 Stallions' season and became an assistant coach on the Birmingham staff in 1985.
Other NFL veterans who signed with the Stallions included former Kansas City Chief RB Earl Gant (2 years, 20 games with the Chiefs), RB Ken Talton (1 year, 2 games with the Lions), WR/KR Kevin Miller (3 years, 20 games with the Vikings), TE Steve Stephens (1 year, 16 games with the Jets), OT Robert Woods (8 years, 99 games with the Jets and Saints), OG Buddy Aydelette (1 year, 9 games with the Packers), DE Mike Raines (7 years, 104 games with the CFL Ottawa Rough Riders), DE Reggie P. Lewis (2 years, 22 games with the Buccaneers), LB Dallas Hickman (6 years, 91 games with the Redskins), CB Mike Thomas (6 years, 77 games with the Redskins and Chargers) and SS Billy Cesare (5 years, 46 games with the Buccaneers, Dolphins and Lions),
The Stallions had some success in signing several of their 1983 draft picks to go along with Collier.  Guard Pat Saindon (8th round, Vanderbilt), nose tackle Charles Martin (15th round, Livingston College) and reserve guard Mike Turner (16th round, Louisiana State).  Martin would go on to play for the Green Bay Packers and was involved in an infamous bodyslam tackle of Chicago Bears QB Jim McMahon in 1986 at Soldier Field. They also signed two key territorial draft selections in defensive end Jackie Cline from Alabama and offensive tackle Pat Phenix from Ole' Miss.
The Stallions also signed a rookie free agent named Scott Norwood who would later be infamous as the Buffalo Bills kicker who missed a field goal in the dying minutes of the Super Bowl in 1990.
After dropping their opening game on a Monday night (9-7, at home to the Michigan Panthers) the Stallions rebounded on the road the following week with a 20–14 overtime victory in Oakland against the Invaders to record their first franchise win.
However, the Stallions struggled out of the gate with a 2–5 record as Coach Rollie Dotsch and his staff put a patchwork, blue-collar, run-oriented club together.
Prior to the Stallions' sixth game of the season, former Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Jim Smith (6 years, 73 games with the Steelers) was signed by Dotsch to add some punch to a listless receiving corps.  Smith did not disappoint as his arrival helped the offense almost immediately.  Dotsch was very familiar with Smith as they were members of two Super Bowl Championship clubs in the Steel City.
The turning point in the season, however, was during a home game in Week #8 (Sunday, April 24) against the Oakland Invaders when backup quarterback Bobby Lane took the reins of the Stallions offense from Collier, who struggled with injuries and inconsistency.
Lane's heroics won the game vs. Oakland and the Stallions went on to win four subsequent games that improved their record to a 7–5 mark.  However, the club managed to only win two of their last six games to finish with a 9–9 mark and a fourth-place finish in the Central Division.
All four teams in the USFL Central Division in 1983 were at .500 or above (Michigan 12–6, Chicago 12-6 and Tampa Bay 11-7 all recorded strong campaigns).
The biggest game of the 1983 season for the Stallions came in Week #11 on a Saturday night (May 14, 1983) when they defeated the visiting Los Angeles Express, 35–20, in front of the largest crowd of the year at Legion Field (42,212).  The crowd featured over 20,000 people from the families of local steel and Iron workers unions.
The following week, the Stallions went on the road and defeated the eventual USFL Champion Michigan Panthers, 23–20 at the Pontiac Silverdome.  The game was highlighted by a disputed touchdown late in the game when a Michigan defender intercepted a ball in the end zone, spiked the ball and had it recovered by a Stallions' player before the play was blown dead.
Birmingham finished the season as the top rushing club in the USFL with 3,017 yards on 701 carries, however, the Stallions ranked 11th in the 12-team loop with 2,999 yards passing.
Late in the season, the club also announced the signing of former Buffalo Bills running back Joe Cribbs, who would join the club at the start of the 1984 season.  Cribbs, who played his college ball locally for the Auburn Tigers, signed a three-year contract with the Stallions.

 1983 opening-day roster 

 1983 Birmingham Stallions Schedule 
Sources

 1983 Birmingham Stallions Numerical Roster 

 1983 Birmingham Stallions Statistics 

 1983 Birmingham Stallions End-of-Season Roster 

 1984 season 
With the off-season signing of former NFL'ers quarterback Cliff Stoudt, running back Joe Cribbs, full back Leon Perry, defensive end Dave Pureifory and CFL cornerback Ricky Ray, the Stallions outlook for the 1984 campaign was bright.
Coach Dotsch shored up several areas, including the defensive line where three players from the 1983 squad were let go.  Also added to the lineup was a college free agent in safety Chuck Clanton who burst onto the scene with the Stallions in 1984 as a major force on a re-build defense.
The Stallions also employed a re-vamped defense with a regular "Nickel" formation featuring, two linebackers and 5 defensive backs – one of the first defenses of its kind utilized in the USFL (the San Antonio Gunslingers were the other team to feature the nickel defense as well in 1984). They already had a reputation as a hard-hitting team, which was thought to be carried over from Dotsch's days with the Steelers.
The Stallions' first game of the 1984 campaign was before a league record 62,500 fans at Legion Field against another re-constructed club in the New Jersey Generals.  With the Generals arriving in town like a circus with new owner Donald Trump, running back Herschel Walker and quarterback Brian Sipe in tow, Birmingham was abuzz with anticipation for the new season.
The opening game against New Jersey was broadcast on national television on ABC, however, the Stallions were listless in a 17–6 loss to the Generals to start the season.
However, the game would mark the start of a nine-game unbeaten streak that took the Stallions into a May 6 contest at Legion Field with a 9–1 record against the 9-1 Philadelphia Stars.  In its biggest game since the opener against New Jersey, the Stallions came up flat in a 43-11 spanking at the hands of the Stars who would go on to win the 1984 USFL Championship.
The game against the Stars drew a crowd of 49,500, however, the loss sullied interest in the team for the rest of the season as the club averaged only averaged 27,000 fans per game for their last four home games, despite chalking up a 14–4 record.  The decline was also blamed on the USFL's decision in May to move to a fall schedule for the 1986 season – a scenario that transpired in several USFL markets.
With their 14–4 mark, the Stallions captured the Southern Division Championship and a berth in the USFL playoffs with a 35–20 win over the Memphis Showboats in Week #17 at a sold-out Liberty Bowl.
In the Eastern Conference Semi-Finals, the Stallions defeated their southern division rivals the Tampa Bay Bandits with a convincing 36–16 win at Legion Field in front of 32,000.
One week later, the Stallions dropped the Eastern Conference Championship, 20–10 to the Philadelphia Stars in a game played at Franklin Field.  The venue was moved to the University of Pennsylvania campus when Veterans Stadium was occupied by the Philadelphia Phillies.

 1984 Birmingham Stallions Opening Day Roster 

 1984 Birmingham Stallions Schedule 
Sources

 1984 Birmingham Stallions End-of-Season Roster 

 1985 season 
After having a very successful 1984 season and coming to within a win of the USFL Championship game, the Stallions entered 1985 with high hopes. However, the team was nearly derailed in mid-season. On March 4, ESM Government Securities, a Florida-based securities dealer owned by Tampa Bay Bandits co-owner Steve Arky, was raided and shut down by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The ESM raid, and Arky's subsequent suicide, triggered a massive run on Home State Savings Bank, the Cincinnati-based savings and loan Warner controlled, resulting in its seizure by Ohio regulators.
With most of his money tied up in either Home State or the Stallions, Warner was forced to give up control of the Stallions just days after Home State's collapse. The league had required its owners to post a $1.3 million letter of credit for just such an emergency. Unfortunately, the Stallions' letter of credit was backed by Home State, rendering it worthless.
In response, team president Jerry Sklar urged the Stallions' limited partners to chip in more money, and persuaded the city government to buy a $100,000 stake in the team along with a $900,000 credit line. This allowed the Stallions to stay in business and remain in Birmingham.
More or less out of necessity, the Stallions exercised more fiscal responsibility in 1985 and made only minor upgrades to their roster in the off-season.  The only notable addition during the off-season was defensive tackle Doug Smith who was a 2nd round pick by the Houston Oilers in 1984.  Smith, an Auburn graduate, was a territorial selection of the Stallions in 1984, and signed with the Stallions after being unable to come to a contract agreement with the Oilers.
After acquiring the first overall pick in the 1985 USFL Open Draft, the Stallions selected a wide receiver from Mississippi Valley State University named Jerry Rice.  The USFL draft was held in January 1985, however, when the NFL Draft was held four months later, Rice was considered a "project" by several NFL scouting staffs and dropped to the 16th overall pick to the San Francisco 49ers.
Although Rice signed with the 49ers, credit should be given to GM Jerry Sklar and his staff for realizing the potential of Rice well ahead of most other professional scouting staffs.
With the USFL from 18 to 14 teams, the Stallions also acquired some solid depth in safety David Dumars from the Denver Gold, offensive tackle Phil McKinnely from the Memphis Showboats, linebacker Ken Kelley from the Chicago Blitz and defensive back Mickey Sutton from the Pittsburgh Maulers.
Birmingham opened the season, as they did in 1984, by hosting the New Jersey Generals at Legion Field.  The game featured the USFL debut of 1984 Heisman Trophy winner Doug Flutie at quarterback for the Generals.  In front of 34,785 at Legion Field, the Stallions controlled the majority of the game and won their opener, 38–28 over New Jersey.
The Stallions jumped out to a 5–1 record in 1985 and finished the regular season on a 6-1 clip to claim the Eastern Conference title and the #2 seed in the USFL Playoffs with a 13-5-0 mark.  Only the Oakland Invaders had a better record in 1985 with a 13-4-1 record.
Quarterback Cliff Stoudt had a solid season passing for 3,358 yards, 34 touchdowns and 19 interceptions.  Stoudt's 34 touchdown passes was second only to Houston's Jim Kelly who tossed for 39 majors in 1985.
Stoudt's primary target in 1985 was wide receiver Jim Smith who had a career year catching a USFL record 20 touchdown passes.  Smith caught 87 passes for a league leading 1,322 yards and was named to the USFL All-Star team.
Running back Joe Cribbs recorded his second consecutive 1,000+ yard season with 1,047 yards on 267 carries and 7 touchdowns.
Safety Chuck Clanton also set a professional football record with 16 interceptions in 1985 as he also added 275 returns yards and a major picking off passes.  The NFL record of 14 in a season was set in 1952 by Dick 'Night Train' Lane of the Los Angeles Rams.  The CFL record of 15 in a season was set in 1972 by Al Brenner of the Calgary Stampeders.
In the USFL Quarter-Final, the Stallions defeated the visiting Houston Gamblers 22–20, at Legion Field.
The following week, the Stallions hosted the defending champion, and nemesis, the Baltimore Stars at Legion Field.  After losing to the Stars in the Eastern Conference final in 1984, the Stallions were hoping to exact revenge, however, they dropped a 28-14 decision to Baltimore in what would eventually be Birmingham's last USFL game.

 1985 Birmingham Stallions Opening Day Roster 

 1985 Birmingham Stallions Schedule 
Sources

 1985 Birmingham Stallions End of Season Roster 

 Single-season records 
Rushing attempts; 297 (1984), Joe Cribbs
Rushing yards: 1467 (1984), Joe Cribbs
Rushing TDs: 13 (1984), Leon Perry
Receptions: 89 (1984), Jim Smith
Receiving yards: 1607 (1984), Jim Smith (USFL record)
Receiving TDs; 20 (1985), Jim Smith (USFL record)
Pass Completions: 266 (1985), Cliff Stoudt
Pass Attempts; 444 (1985), Cliff Stoudt
Passing yards: 3188 (1985), Cliff Stoudt
Passing TDs: 35 (1985), Cliff Stoudt
Kickoff returns: 26 (1985), Paul Ott Carruth
Kickoff return yards: 477 (1985), Paul Ott Carruth
Kickoff return Avg: 23.2 (1984), Lonnie Johnson
Punt returns: 33 (1985), Thad McFadden
Punt return yards: 328 (1985), Thad McFadden
Punt return Avg: 9.9 (1985), Thad McFadden
Field Goals Made: 25 (1983), Scott Norwood
Field Goal Attempts: 34 (1983), Scott Norwood
Punts: 67 (1985), Bob Parsons
Punt Yardage: 2626 (1985), Bob Parsons
Punt Average: 41.4 (1983), Skip Johnston
Tackles: 149 (1985), Herb Spencer
Sacks: 10.0 (1984), Dave Pureifory
Passes Defensed: 18 (1985), Chuck Clanton
Fumbles Recoveries: 3 (1984), Mike Murphy
Interceptions: 16 (1985), Chuck Clanton (USFL and Pro Football record)
Interception yards: 275 (1985), Chuck Clanton (USFL record)

 Season-by-season 

 After football 
A few of those associated with the Stallions made their mark in Birmingham after the league folded:

Joey Jones, who played wide receiver, coached football at two local high schools. In 2006, he became the first head football coach at Birmingham Southern College since 1939, when football was cancelled as a varsity sport. In 2008, after just one year at BSC, he returned to his hometown of Mobile and started the college football program at the University of South Alabama.
Joe Cribbs returned to the NFL to finish out his football career. He returned to Birmingham to help those recovering from drug and alcohol addiction.
Jim Hilyer, an assistant coach, went on to be the first ever football coach at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. He would also be an assistant to three other pro football teams to play in Birmingham. After football, he was an instructor in physical fitness at the Birmingham Police Academy.
Buddy Aydelette is a city councilman with Trussville. Aydelette played offensive lineman for the Stallions and the University of Alabama.

 Other history 
The Stallions were the first pro football team to draft Jerry Rice.  They received the first overall pick in the 1985 USFL Draft, due to a trade with the Orlando Renegades.  Rice never played in Birmingham.
Among those considered to be Birmingham's coach were Bobby Bowden, Gene Stallings, and Hank Stram.

 References 

 External links 
USFL.info - Birmingham Stallions
BirminghamProSports.com
Remember the USFL's Birmingham Stallions Page
Our Sports Central's Birmingham Stallions Page

George McGovern 1972 presidential campaign
The George McGovern 1972 presidential campaign began when United States Senator George McGovern from South Dakota launched his second candidacy for the Presidency of the United States in an ultimately unsuccessful bid to win the 1972 presidential election against incumbent president Richard Nixon, winning only in the District of Columbia and the state of Massachusetts. McGovern vied to become the first South Dakota native to become president.

 Leading up to the announcement 
McGovern had run a short presidential campaign in 1968, acting as a stand-in for the assassinated Robert F. Kennedy leading up to the 1968 Democratic National Convention. McGovern then spent the remainder of the general election campaign ensuring his own re-election to the Senate.
But following the 1968 convention, he had planned on running for president again, a decision he solidified in January 1969. He began hiring legislative aides who could double as campaign policy staff, press secretaries, and the like. McGovern hired an agent to book speaking engagements, and in early 1969 began doing an average of three appearances a week.During 1969, McGovern headed the Commission on Party Structure and Delegate Selection, often later referred to as the "McGovern commission," which was chartered to redesign the Democratic nomination system after the messy and confused nomination struggle and convention of the 1968 election. Due to the former influence of Eugene McCarthy and Kennedy supporters on the staff, the commission significantly reduced the role of party officials and insiders in the nomination process, increased the role of caucuses and primaries, and mandated quotas for proportional black, women, and youth delegate representation.  McGovern's staff may have been influenced by the model of John Kennedy's 1952 campaign for the Senate, where his acting campaign manager Robert Kennedy had created an organizational structure that had 286 campaign "secretaries" function as "shadow units" to the regular Democratic Party machinery, ensuring their loyalty lay first with the Candidate and not exclusively to the Party.Senate Majority Whip Ted Kennedy, the younger brother of Robert and John, had been the early favorite to win the 1972 nomination, but his hopes were derailed by his role in the July 1969 Chappaquiddick incident.McGovern's early efforts were beset by organizational problems and much activity without plan or result in polls.  He began replacing most of the campaign staff.  In March 1970, he met Gary Hart in Denver, and soon hired him to be his Western political affairs coordinator; a couple of months later, he became McGovern's national campaign director. Shortly thereafter he opened a New York office and hired the first woman as executive director, Phyllis Holtzer, a former Robert Kennedy staffer.  At a July 25, 1970, get-together at McGovern's farm in St. Michael's, Maryland, the McGovern campaign was restarted.The favorite for the Democratic nomination by then was Edmund Muskie, the 1968 vice-presidential nominee, who had especially benefited from a speech on the eve of the congressional elections in November 1970 that made a calm but effective response to statements by President Richard Nixon and Vice President Spiro Agnew impugning the patriotism of Democrats.

 Announcement 
McGovern announced his candidacy on January 18, 1971, in the form of a televised speech from the studios of KELO-TV in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, and in letters sent to many a newspaper editorial board and potential backer. The early entry, nearly two years before the election date, was designed to give him time to overcome Muskie's large lead.In his announcement speech, McGovern promised to withdraw every American soldier from Indochina if elected.  He said economic conditions would also be improved by an end to the war and reduced military spending.  McGovern declared some themes of his campaign:

I seek the presidency because I believe deeply in the American promise and can no longer accept the diminishing of that promise. ... I make one pledge above all others—to seek and speak the truth with all the resources of mind and spirit I command. ... I seek to call America home to those principles that gave us birth.
At the time of his announcement, McGovern ranked fifth among Democrats in a presidential preference Gallup Poll.

 Campaign staff and policy team 
Future Senator Gary Hart (who subsequently sought the 1984 Democratic presidential nomination and emerged as the frontrunner for the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination before his campaign was prematurely thwarted by an extramarital liaison) was McGovern's campaign manager. Future President Bill Clinton (with assistance from his wife and 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham) managed the McGovern campaign's operations in Texas.
Taking their cue from the McGovern–Fraser Commission, Hart and future United States District Judge Rick Stearns (an expert on the new system) devised a strategy to focus on the 28 states holding caucuses instead of primary elections. They felt the nature of the caucuses made them easier (and less costly) to win if they targeted their efforts. Recruited as a Harvard University senior by Hart, 22-year-old pollster Pat Caddell also played an integral role in paving McGovern's route to the nomination by encouraging him "to increase his populist rhetoric and tour factories instead of obsessing about the Vietnam War."
MIT Sloan School of Management professor Edwin Kuh headed McGovern's economic advisory panel, for which he recruited Lester Thurow and other academic economists.Abner "Abby" Levine served as Vice Chairman of Finance. Levine and former Robert Kennedy staffer Phyllis Holtzer established the New York office, helped to organize at least five big events, and met regularly with the senator. They assisted Warren Beatty with his production of Together for McGovern, which filled Madison Square Garden and reunited Nichols and May, Simon and Garfunkel, and Peter, Paul and Mary. Singer Dionne Warwick also performed.

 Political positions 
In the 1972 election, McGovern ran on a platform that advocated withdrawal from the Vietnam War in exchange for the return of American prisoners of war and amnesty for draft evaders who had left the country, an anti-war platform that was anticipated by McGovern's sponsorship of the 1970 McGovern-Hatfield amendment that sought to end U.S. participation in the war by congressional action. However, during a meeting with Democratic Governors conference, Nevada Governor Mike O'Callaghan asked McGovern what he would do if the North Vietnamese refused to release American POW's after a withdrawal. McGovern responded, "Under such circumstances, we'd have to take action," although he did not say what action.McGovern's platform also included an across-the-board, 37% reduction in defense spending over three years; and a "demogrant" program that would replace the personal income tax exemption with a $1,000 tax credit as a minimum-income floor for every citizen in America, to replace the welfare bureaucracy and complicated maze of existing public-assistance programs. Its concept was similar to the negative income tax long advocated by economist Milton Friedman, and by the Nixon administration in the form of Counselor to the President Daniel Patrick Moynihan's Family Assistance Plan, which called for a minimum family grant of $1,600 per year (later raised to $2,400). The personal income tax exemption later became $1,000 under President Reagan. (As Senator, McGovern had previously sponsored a bill, submitted by the National Welfare Rights Organization, for $6,500 guaranteed minimum income per year to families, based on need.) In addition, McGovern supported ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment.

 Campaign developments 1971 
The establishment favorite for the Democratic nomination was Ed Muskie, the moderate who acquitted himself well as the 1968 Democratic vice-presidential candidate. In August 1971 Harris polling amid a growing economic crisis, Muskie came out on top of incumbent Nixon if the election had been held that day.Established Washington press figures such as Walter Lippman and Jack Germond did not think McGovern had a chance of winning, proclaiming him "too decent" a man, not strong enough for a combative campaign, and too reflexively liberal.  Jimmy "The Greek" Snyder gave 200–1 odds against McGovern winning.

 Primary campaign 1972 

In the initial event of the campaign season, McGovern placed a strong third in the Iowa caucuses. How much attention and momentum this actually generated for his campaign is still debated.Prior to the New Hampshire primary, the "Canuck letter" was published in the Manchester Union-Leader. The letter, whose authenticity was later brought into question, claimed that Muskie had made disparaging remarks about French-Canadians. Subsequently, the paper published an attack on the character of Muskie's wife Jane, reporting that she drank and used off-color language. Muskie made an emotional defense of his wife in a speech outside the newspaper's offices during a snowstorm. Though Muskie later stated that what had appeared to the press as tears were actually melted snowflakes, the press reported that Muskie broke down and cried.  Muskie did worse than expected in the primary, while McGovern came in a surprisingly close second. While Muskie's campaign funding and support dried up, McGovern picked up valuable momentum in the following months.
McGovern did attract some celebrity supporters, McGovern recalled that "Carole King helped me; Lauren Bacall; James Taylor; Paul Newman; Goldie Hawn; Linda Ronstadt; Burt Lancaster; Jack Nicholson; Peter, Paul and Mary. Shirley MacLaine appeared with me. Warren Beatty came out, too, and did a lot of fundraising for me. Helen Gahagan Douglas, a former California Congresswoman who was the first victim of Nixon's Dirty Tricks in the 1950 Senate race came out of retirement to fight hard for me. They were with me from the beginning to the end." On April 15, 1972, Beatty produced Four for McGovern, a fundraising concert for McGovern at The Forum in Greater Los Angeles in front of an audience of 18,000 people. Carole King, James Taylor, Quincy Jones and Barbra Streisand performed. Seat prices ranged from $5.50 to $100, and the event grossed $300,000, but after the expenses of producing the show, McGovern's campaign was given only $18,000.  On June 24, 1972, Neil Young and Graham Nash with the Stray Gators released "War Song" as a single in support of McGovern's campaign. Although the song garnered radio airplay, it stalled at No. 61 on the Billboard singles chart.
After McGovern had won the Massachusetts primary on April 25, 1972, journalist Robert Novak phoned Democratic politicians around the country, who agreed with his assessment that blue-collar workers voting for McGovern did not understand what he really stood for. On April 27, Novak reported in a column that an unnamed Democratic senator had talked to him about McGovern and said: "The people don’t know McGovern is for amnesty, abortion and legalization of pot. Once middle America – Catholic middle America, in particular – finds this out, he’s dead." Although McGovern only supported the decriminalization of marijuana and maintained that legalized abortion fell under the purview of states' rights, he became known as the candidate of "amnesty, abortion and acid."
Feminist leader Gloria Steinem was reluctant to join the McGovern campaign. Though she had brought in McGovern's single largest campaign contributor in 1968, she "still had been treated like a frivolous pariah by much of McGovern's campaign staff."  And in April 1972, Steinem remarked that he "still doesn't understand the women's movement."Despite concerns from moderate and conservative Democrats, paradigmatic Cold War liberal and early neoconservative Henry M. Jackson failed to gain traction against McGovern and only made real news later in the campaign as part of the "Anybody but McGovern" coalition.
A lighter incident occurred regarding that accusation during the Nebraska primary campaign.  The state's former governor, Frank Morrison, who was actively campaigning for McGovern, sought to counter the Jackson and Humphrey campaigns' effective use of the accusation.  During a campaign speech, Morrison declared, "They say that George McGovern is for the legalization of marijuana, but I say --"  At this point there was thunderous applause from the younger people in the audience, which left Morrison puzzled, but when it died down, he finished, "I tell you that George McGovern does not advocate the legalization of marijuana."  This produced cries of disappointment in the audience.  He continued, "They say George McGovern is for abortion on demand, but I tell you--"  Again there was deafening applause, followed by sighs of regret when he finished the sentence: "But I say to you that George McGovern is against tampering with our state laws on abortion."  Afterwards, Morrison confessed to McGovern, "Maybe I'm too old to understand this new generation.  I'll get the oldsters for you, and you take care of the young ones as you think best."  McGovern won the Nebraska primary.McGovern lost several primaries (most notably Michigan) to George Wallace. In the South, Wallace drew support based on a long history as an ardent segregationist and was well known for his actions to prevent racial integration of the University of Alabama. He did well in the South (winning every county in the Florida primary) and among Democrats who were alienated by liberal positions opposing the Vietnam War and greater inclusion of African-Americans and women in the Democratic Party. What might have become a forceful campaign was cut short when Wallace was shot and left paralyzed in an assassination attempt while campaigning. Wallace did win the Maryland primary, but his near-assassination effectively ended his campaign.
Ultimately, McGovern succeeded in winning the nomination by winning primaries through grassroots support in spite of establishment opposition.

 Democratic National Convention 

The new rules for choosing and seating delegates created an unusual number of rules and credentials challenges. Many traditional Democratic groups, such as organized labor and urban constituents, had little representation at the convention. Their supporters challenged the seating of relative political novices, but for the most part were turned back by the supporters of McGovern, who during the presidential primaries had amassed the most delegates to the convention by using a grassroots campaign that was powered by opposition to the Vietnam War. Many traditional Democratic leaders and politicians felt that McGovern's delegate count did not reflect the wishes of most Democratic voters. Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter helped to spearhead a "Stop McGovern" campaign.
The stop-McGovern forces tried unsuccessfully to alter the delegate composition of the California delegation. The California primary was "winner-take-all," which was still permitted by the Party's Delegate Selection Rules.  Prior to the California primary, Humphrey promised he would not challenge the results if he did not win a plurality of the votes. But he changed course when McGovern won by a 5% margin, thus securing  all 273 of their delegates to the convention. Although the anti-McGovern group argued for a proportional distribution of the delegates, the McGovern campaign stressed that the rules for the delegate selection had been set and the Stop McGovern alliance was trying to change the rules after the game. Maneuvering by the McGovern campaign ensued during the convention as they sought to ensure the Democratic nomination despite attempts by the Humphrey campaign and other candidates to block McGovern. In the Credentials Committee, the California McGovern members of the Committee were unable to vote on the challenge to their own status. As a result, the Credentials Committee voted to seat California delegates only in proportion to the popular vote.  Recognizing that such a result would deprive McGovern the nomination, the McGovern Campaign vigorously backed a challenge to delegates from Chicago who were controlled by Mayor of Chicago Richard J. Daley, arguing that the slating of those delegates prior to the primary violated National Slating Guidelines, which required attempts at diversity.  With Illinois Credentials Committee members unable to vote on the challenge to its state's delegates, but the McGovern members of the Committee still able to vote, the Illinois challenge also succeeded, with the seating of a delegation led by Chicago Alderman William S. Singer and civil rights activist Jesse Jackson, which had not won the popular vote, but was pledged to McGovern.
After a bruising and hours-long fight on the Convention floor, the McGovern California and Illinois delegates all were seated, thus leading to McGovern's nomination. This days-long struggle to secure the nomination likely prevented the McGovern Campaign from lining up a Vice-Presidential candidate until the day before the nomination had to be made, and may have prevented a full vetting of the nominee. 
Most polls showed McGovern running well behind incumbent President Richard Nixon, except when McGovern was paired with Ted Kennedy. McGovern and his campaign brain trust lobbied Senator Kennedy heavily to accept the bid to be McGovern's running mate. Much to their surprise, he continually refused their advances, and instead suggested such figures as House Ways and Means Committee chairman Wilbur Mills of Arkansas and Boston Mayor Kevin White.Thereafter, a number of high-profile Democrats, including Kennedy, Senator Walter Mondale, former Vice President Hubert Humphrey, Senator Edmund Muskie, Senator Abe Ribicoff and Senator Birch Bayh turned down offers to run on the ticket. The National Women's Political Caucus urged the selection of a woman such as Representative Shirley Chisholm or, after Chisholm expressed disinterest in the vice presidency, Texas House of Representatives member Sissy Farenthold, but McGovern did not seriously consider choosing a female running mate.Nevertheless, McGovern and his staff felt that a Kennedy-style figure was needed to balance the ticket: an urban Catholic leader with strong ties to organized labor and other working-to-lower middle class constituencies. McGovern informed Kennedy that he was seriously considering White, who had informed McGovern he was available. Belying his previous support, Kennedy vetoed White when the Massachusetts delegation threatened to boycott the convention due to White's previous endorsement of Muskie.Once it became apparent that White's candidacy was infeasible, McGovern asked Senator Gaylord Nelson of Wisconsin to be his running mate. Nelson declined but suggested Senator Thomas Eagleton of Missouri, whom McGovern ultimately chose. McGovern's team only conducted minimal vetting of Eagleton as the senator had been previously recommended by many of the prospective running mates.Eagleton was relatively unknown to many of the delegates. This, along with the inexperience of many of the delegates who were wary after the protracted infighting, caused the vice presidential balloting to become almost a farce. In addition to Eagleton, the delegates insisted on nominating seven other candidates for vice president, including Senator Mike Gravel of Alaska, former Massachusetts Governor Endicott Peabody and Farenthold. By the time the roll call finally began, the delegates were in a prankish mood, casting ballots for the fictional Archie Bunker, Martha Beall Mitchell, New Mexico Lt. Governor Roberto Mondragon, and CBS-TV's Roger Mudd.
With hundreds of delegates either actively supporting Nixon or angry at McGovern for one reason or another, the vote was thus chaotic, with votes scattered over 70 candidates. The eventual winner was Eagleton, who accepted the nomination despite not personally knowing McGovern very well, and privately disagreeing with many of McGovern's policies.Eventually, Eagleton secured the nomination but the last-day-of-school atmosphere of the proceedings dragged out the process. When Eagleton was at last confirmed, it was 1:40 a.m. This delay forced the acceptance speeches of the candidates to be given well past the television prime time hours; McGovern and Eagleton delivered their acceptance speeches at around 3 a.m. This probably hurt the McGovern campaign by not creating the so-called "convention bounce."

 General election campaign 1972 

 Party disunity 
The McGovern Commission changes to the convention rules marginalized the influence of establishment Democratic figures (some of whom had lost the nomination to McGovern). Many refused to support him, with some switching their support to the incumbent President Richard Nixon through a campaign effort called "Democrats for Nixon". This also had the effect of leaving the McGovern campaign at a significant disadvantage in funding compared to Nixon.
In addition, McGovern was repeatedly attacked by associates of Nixon, including the infamous Watergate break-in, which eventually led to Nixon's resignation in 1974.

 Eagleton controversy 
Just over two weeks after his nomination, it was reported that Thomas Eagleton had received electroshock therapy for clinical depression during the 1960s. Eagleton had made no mention of his earlier hospitalizations to McGovern or McGovern's staff, and in fact decided with his wife to keep them secret from McGovern while he was flying to his first meeting with the presidential nominee.
Eagleton had promised to bring his medical records for McGovern's review, but he did not. He initially concealed the fact that he was on Thorazine, a powerful antipsychotic; when he did disclose his use of the medication, he noted that it couldn't be discovered by the press because it was issued under his wife's name. McGovern spoke to two of Eagleton's doctors, both of whom expressed grave concerns about Eagleton's mental health.  Ultimately, a portion of Eagleton's medical records was leaked to McGovern, at which point McGovern saw a reference to "manic depression" and "suicidal tendencies."
McGovern had failed to act quickly when he learned of the mental health problems (though not their severe extent) because his own daughter was seriously depressed and he wondered what effect dumping Eagleton because of his depression would have on her. Ultimately, Eagleton threatened that if McGovern tried to force him off the ticket, he would fight the move. Eagleton conditioned his resignation on McGovern's releasing a statement, written by Eagleton, that Eagleton's health was fine and that McGovern had no issues with Eagleton's mental status.
Though many people still supported Eagleton's candidacy, an increasing number of influential politicians and columnists questioned his ability to handle the office of Vice President. McGovern said he would back Eagleton “1000%”, and a Time magazine poll taken at the time found that 77 percent of the respondents said Eagleton's medical record would not affect their vote. Nonetheless, the press made frequent references to his 'shock therapy', and McGovern feared that this would detract from his campaign platform. The episode had placed McGovern in a "no-win" situation.  If he kept Eagleton, the selection did not look good for the decision-making ability of the McGovern team, while if he removed Eagleton, he appeared to be weak and vacillating.
McGovern subsequently consulted confidentially with preeminent psychiatrists, including Eagleton's own doctors, who advised him that a recurrence of Eagleton's depression was possible and could endanger the country should Eagleton become president. On August 1, Eagleton withdrew at McGovern's request. This perceived indecisiveness was disastrous for the McGovern campaign.
A new search was begun by McGovern. Kennedy, Muskie, Humphrey and Ribicoff again declined the nomination, as did recent Democratic National Committee Chair and former Postmaster General Larry O'Brien and Florida Governor Reubin Askew. McGovern ultimately chose former United States Ambassador to France and former Peace Corps Director Sargent Shriver, a brother-in-law of John F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy. He was officially nominated by a special session of the Democratic National Committee. By this time, McGovern's poll ratings had plunged from 41 to 24 percent.
McGovern's handling of the controversy was an opening for the Republican campaign to raise serious questions about his judgment. The Eagleton controversy also put the McGovern campaign off message and was speculated at the time to perhaps be a harbinger of what would become McGovern's subsequent landslide loss.

 Watergate 
Nixon ran a campaign with an aggressive policy of keeping tabs on perceived enemies, and his campaign aides committed the Watergate burglary to steal Democratic Party information during the election.
Nixon's level of personal involvement with the burglary was never clear, but his tactics during the later coverup would eventually destroy his public support after the election and lead to his resignation.

 Issues and strategies 
McGovern ran on a platform of ending the Vietnam War and instituting a guaranteed minimum income for the nation's poor.  The Vietnam issue, which remained the one McGovern was most passionate about, did not work for him overall; a majority of the electorate thought that Nixon was a strong leader who would secure "peace with honor".  McGovern, in contrast, was seen as too strident and too tied to radical elements of the anti-war movement.  By 1972, Nixon's strategy of Vietnamization had resulted in the withdrawal of most U.S. troops, without appearing to have given in to the Communists, and thus popular dissatisfaction with the war did not accrue to McGovern's benefit.Nixon's so-called "southern strategy" of reducing the pressure for school desegregation and otherwise restricting federal efforts on behalf of black people had a powerful attraction to northern blue-collar workers as well as southerners. McGovern called the Watergate burglaries "the kind of thing you expect under a person like Hitler."

 Final days 
An infamous incident took place late in the campaign. McGovern was giving a speech and was heckled by a Nixon supporter, to whom he said "Kiss my ass." Shortly thereafter, "KMA" buttons were being worn by people in the crowds at McGovern rallies. Several years later, McGovern observed Mississippi Senator James Eastland looking at him from across the Senate floor and chuckling to himself. He subsequently approached McGovern and asked, "Did you really tell that guy in '72 to kiss your ass?" When McGovern smiled and nodded, Eastland replied, "That was the best line in the campaign."In the last week of the campaign, Henry Kissinger spoke of the ongoing Paris Peace Talks and said that "We believe that peace is at hand."  McGovern angrily responded that Nixon had no plan for ending the war and that U.S. bombers would keep flying.

 Results 
The general election was held on November 7. This election had the lowest voter turnout for a presidential election since 1948, with only 55 percent of the electorate voting.In the election, the McGovern/Shriver ticket suffered a 60.7 percent to 37.5 percent defeat to Nixon and Agnew. At the time, it was the second biggest landslide in American history, with Electoral College totals of 520 to 17. McGovern's two electoral vote victories came in Massachusetts and Washington, D.C.; McGovern failed to win his home state of South Dakota, a state that had delivered for the Democrats in only three of the previous 18 presidential elections in the 20th century.  The 1972 election was the first in American history in which a Republican candidate carried every Southern state. Nixon's percentage of the popular vote was only slightly less than Lyndon Johnson's record in the 1964 election, and his margin of victory was slightly larger. Barry Goldwater, who was defeated by Johnson in 1964, sent McGovern a newspaper political cartoon depicting the two of them together "like Grandpa and Granny [patterned after the painting American Gothic] linked by our defeats", with a note scribbled "George – If you must lose, lose big."In his telegram to Nixon conceding defeat, McGovern wrote, "I hope that in the next four years you will lead us to a time of peace abroad and justice at home. You have my full support in such efforts."

 Primary and general election totals 
1972 Democratic presidential primaries
Hubert Humphrey – 4,121,372 (25.77%)
George McGovern – 4,053,451 (25.34%)
George Wallace – 3,755,424 (23.48%)
Edmund Muskie – 1,840,217 (11.51%)
Eugene McCarthy – 553,990 (3.46%)
Henry M. Jackson – 505,198 (3.16%)
Shirley Chisholm – 430,703 (2.69%)
Terry Sanford – 331,415 (2.07%)
John Lindsay – 196,406 (1.23%)
Samuel Yorty – 79,446 (0.50%)
Wilbur Mills – 37,401 (0.23%)
Walter E. Fauntroy – 21,217 (0.13%)
Unpledged – 19,533 (0.12%)
Ted Kennedy – 16,693 (0.10%)
Vance Hartke – 11,798 (0.07%)
Patsy Mink – 8,286 (0.05%)
None – 6,269 (0.04%)1972 Democratic National Convention (presidential tally):
George McGovern – 1,729 (57.37%)
Henry M. Jackson – 525 (17.42%)
George Wallace – 382 (12.67%)
Shirley Chisholm – 152 (5.04%)
Terry Sanford – 78 (2.59%)
Hubert Humphrey – 67 (2.22%)
Wilbur Mills – 34 (1.13%)
Edmund Muskie – 25 (0.83%)
Ted Kennedy – 13 (0.43%)
Wayne L. Hays – 5 (0.17%)
Eugene McCarthy – 2 (0.07%)
Ramsey Clark – 1 (0.03%)
Walter Mondale – 1 (0.03%)1972 Liberal Party Convention (presidential tally):
George McGovern – 218 (95.61%)
Benjamin Spock – 8 (3.51%)
Abstaining – 2 (0.88%)1972 United States presidential election:

Richard Nixon/Spiro Agnew (R) (inc.) – 47,168,710 (60.7%) and 520 electoral votes (49 states carried)
George McGovern/Sargent Shriver (D) – 29,173,222 (37.5%) and 17 electoral votes (1 state and D.C. carried)
John Hospers/Theodora Nathan (LBT) – 3,674 (0.0%) and 1 electoral vote (Virginia Republican faithless elector)
John G. Schmitz/Thomas J. Anderson (AI) – 1,100,868 (1.4%)
Linda Jenness/Andrew Pulley (Socialist Workers) – 83,380 (0.1%)
Benjamin Spock/Julius Hobson (People's) – 78,759 (0.1%)
Others – 135,414 (0.2%)

 Celebrity support 
McGovern's campaign for the presidential nomination, and as the nominee, included fundraising, organizing, benefit appearances and/or other volunteer efforts by numerous celebrities.  These included:

During the campaign, actress Shirley MacLaine authored the book McGovern: The Man and His Beliefs.  McGovern later wrote that MacLaine "campaigned virtually nonstop for two years", and that actor Warren Beatty (MacLaine's brother) "broke new ground" in organizing and producing the campaign's benefit concerts.Beatty produced the all-star concert Four for McGovern featuring Barbra Streisand at the Los Angeles Forum, which grossed $300,000. Other Beatty concerts were held in San Francisco, Lincoln, and Cleveland. In June, Beatty produced the concert Together for McGovern which reunited Simon & Garfunkel and Peter, Paul and Mary. MacLaine headed a concert in October called Star-Spangled Women for McGovern.  Actors Dennis Weaver and Candice Bergen presided over an Election Eve rally at Long Beach Airport in California attended by 25,000 people.The campaign was also assisted by over a hundred well-known professional American football players, organized by Ray Schoenke of the Washington Redskins.

 Legacy 
After the resignation of Nixon following the Watergate scandal, a bumper sticker became popular: "Don't blame me – I'm from Massachusetts".McGovern recognized the mixed results of the changes that he made to the Democratic nominating convention, saying, "I opened the doors of the Democratic Party and 20 million people walked out." Despite McGovern's landslide defeat, the Democratic Party did have a more socially and culturally liberal voter base than in the past due in large part to the efforts of McGovern's campaign. In their 2002 book The Emerging Democratic Majority, political scientist Ruy Teixeira and journalist John Judis referred to demographic trends favoring the Democratic Party, such as the party's advantage with women and racial minorities, as "George McGovern's Revenge," as many of those trends had their roots in McGovern's 1972 campaign.Robert Novak was accused of manufacturing the quote that led to the "amnesty, abortion and acid" label. To rebut the criticism, Novak took Senator Thomas Eagleton to lunch after the campaign and asked whether he could identify Eagleton as the source. The senator said he would not allow his identity to be revealed. "Oh, he had to run for re-election... the McGovernites would kill him if they knew he had said that," Novak said.
On July 15, 2007, after the source's death, Novak said on Meet the Press that the unnamed senator was Thomas Eagleton. Political analyst Bob Shrum says that Eagleton would never have been selected as McGovern's running mate if it had been known at the time that Eagleton was the source of the quote: "Boy, do I wish he would have let you publish his name. Then he never would have been picked as vice president. Because the two things, the two things that happened to George McGovern—two of the things that happened to him—were the label you put on him, number one, and number two, the Eagleton disaster. We had a messy convention, but he could have, I think in the end, carried eight or 10 states, remained politically viable. And Eagleton was one of the great train wrecks of all time."

 See also 
Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72
The Boys on the Bus
One Bright Shining Moment

 References 

 Bibliography 
Anson, Robert Sam, McGovern: A Biography, New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1972. ISBN 0-03-091345-4.
Boller, Paul F., Presidential Campaigns: from George Washington to George W. Bush, 2nd Edition, Oxford University Press, 2004, ISBN 0195167163.
Clinton, Bill, My Life, Vintage, 2005. ISBN 1-4000-3003-X.
Dougherty, Richard, Goodbye, Mr. Christian: A Personal Account of McGovern's Rise and Fall, Garden City, New York: Doubleday & Company, 1973. ISBN 0-385-01546-1.
Frum, David (2000). How We Got Here: The '70s. New York: Basic Books. ISBN 0-465-04195-7.
Glasser, Joshua M. (2012). The Eighteen-Day Running Mate: McGovern, Eagleton, and a Campaign in Crisis. New Haven: Yale University Press. ISBN 9780300176292.
Hart, Gary, Right from the Start: A Chronicle of the McGovern Campaign, New York: Quadrangle, 1973. ISBN 0-8129-0372-2.
MacLaine, Shirley, McGovern: The Man and His Beliefs, New York: W.W. Norton & Company Limited, 1972.
Mailer, Norman, St. George and the Godfather, New American Library, 1972.
Mann, Robert, A Grand Delusion: America's Descent Into Vietnam, New York: Basic Books, 2001. ISBN 0-465-04369-0.
McGovern, Eleanor, Uphill: A Personal Story, Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company, 1974. ISBN 0-395-19414-8.
McGovern, George S., Grassroots: The Autobiography of George McGovern, Random House, 1977. ISBN 0-394-41941-3.
Miroff, Bruce, The Liberals' Moment: The McGovern Insurgency and the Identity Crisis of the Democratic Party, University Press of Kansas, 2007. ISBN 978-0-7006-1546-9.
Thompson, Hunter S., Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72, Warner Books, 1973. ISBN 0-446-31364-5.
Watson, Robert P. (ed.), George McGovern: A Political Life, A Political Legacy, South Dakota State Historical Society Press, 2004. ISBN 0-9715171-6-9.
Weil, Gordon L., The Long Shot: George McGovern Runs for President, New York: W. W. Norton & Company, 1973. ISBN 0-393-05498-5.
White, Theodore H., The Making of the President 1968, Antheneum Publishers, 1969.
White, Theodore H., The Making of the President 1972, Antheneum Publishers, 1973. ISBN 0-689-10553-3.

 External links 

May 1971 New York Times Magazine profile on campaign
Time magazine – Nixon v. McGovern on Taxes, Prices, Jobs
Presidential campaign commercials 1972 (video)
McGovern's nomination acceptance speech, July 10, 1972 (video)
McGovern retrospective interview on 1972 Democratic Convention, July 17, 1988 (C-SPAN broadcast)
McGovern & staff's remembrances at 35th anniversary reunion, July 14, 2007 (C-SPAN broadcast)
Trailer for the documentary One Bright Shining Moment: The Forgotten Summer of George McGovern
McGovern 1972 presidential campaign image gallery
The Democratic Party's 1972 platform from UC Santa Barbara's The American Presidency Project

La voz de los '80
La voz de los '80 is the debut studio album by the Chilean band Los Prisioneros, released independently under the Fusion label on December 13, 1984. Produced by leader, vocalist, and songwriter Jorge González, who credited it to the name of the band. A thousand copies were released in cassette format at its launch, today these cassettes are considered cult objects of Chilean rock. In 1985, Los Prisioneros signed a contract with EMI Odeón Chilena, who relaunched La voz de los '80 nationally and with Latin American projection that year, managing to sell around 100.000 in Chile do you copy.The album was recorded initially and for the most part in the Francisco Straub studios, but it was finished and mixed in the Caco Lyon studios. It was characterized by combining the simple sound of guitar, bass and drums. The songs expose criticism of the world during the 1980s, managing in the song "Latinoamérica es un pueblo al sur de Estados Unidos" to capture the atmosphere of US imperialism and the omnipresent Cold War in the subcontinent.
It is considered the most important rock album in Chile and also the most important youth album in Chilean music, since the members of the band were no more than twenty years old at the time they began recording. EMOL included the album in its selection of 35 fundamental albums of Chilean popular music, Al Borde placed it in position 131 of the "250 albums of Ibero-American Rock", it was chosen as the third best Chilean album of all time, according to Rolling Stone Chile magazine, surpassed by Alturas de Machu Picchu, by Los Jaivas, in second place, and Las últimas composiciones, by Violeta Parra, in the first place.

 Background and composition 
Jorge González, Claudio Narea and Miguel Tapia met in March 1979, at Liceo No. 6 for men in the San Miguel commune. This high school was not only representative for being the place where they met, González explained during a visit to his establishment in 1987, it was also transcendental for the creation of the band's first album. In 1982, when they were in their last year of high school, they learned to play the guitar, it was at that time that González began to write the first songs that would be part of the debut album.After taking the Academic Aptitude Test (PAA), in March 1983, González entered the Faculty of Arts at the University of Chile to study a degree in music. Among his colleagues were those who would later form part of the new Chilean pop scene: Igor Rodríguez (future Aparato Raro), Robert Rodríguez (future Banda 69) and Carlos Fonseca, with the last two he quickly established a friendship; Fonseca first became friends with González and Igor, because their musical tastes were similar and different from the rest.Fonseca, born in Peru in 1961, arrived in Chile at the age of four but moved with his family to Argentina ten years later, and would return to Chile in another ten years. Regarding his first impression upon returning, he recalled: «I found myself in a country where there was nothing and the relationship of the people with music was very light». According to the NaciónRock.com website, culture, bohemia, and youth had been annihilated by the shock policies implemented by military fascism. Fonseca entered the Catholic University to study commercial engineering, at the same time he opened the Fusión record store. The following year, with the approval of his father, Mario Fonseca, he dropped out of college to switch to music. At that time he dedicated himself completely to Fusion, and after taking the PAA, he entered the Faculty of Arts.González immediately stood out as a sharp and brilliant student. He teased the music reading teacher and her classmates laughed; In those circumstances, Fonseca began to speak to him. According to the unauthorized biographer of Los Prisioneros, Freddy Stock, one afternoon while they were waiting for Juan Amenábar, their audition teacher, Fonseca approached González to see what he was writing, concentrating on his notebook, and read the first scribbles of "Latinoamérica es un pueblo al sur de Estados Unidos". Later, when she recalled the moment, she said that she had found him "originally talented."At the end of the class, González went to another piano taught by a teacher named Georgina González, but instead of practicing what she requested, he composed half of the repertoire that would make up the first album: "Latinoamérica es un pueblo al sur de Estados Unidos", "Eve-Evelyn", "No necesitamos banderas", «La voz de los '80» and other songs that did not remain. Later she made the arrangements for the guitar and drums. César Quezada, a classmate at the Faculty, pointed out that González's first compositions were very simple in C and A minor, "and, precisely, those are the first scales that begin to be seen in the first semester of a career like this." Quezada also said that he was amazed to see that there was a semitone between the white notes on the piano, and under that logic he created "Eve-Evelyn". «In other words, he hardly knew anything, she assimilated it and composed. He converted it to his music». González explained that when he made songs like "Eve-Evelyn", he had a certain concern for the semitones and for a type of harmony that put "as a nervous medium".According to González's biographer, Manuel Maira, he composed "La voz de los '80" as a ballad, but little by little his pulse quickened, until it became a "disco hit"; He recorded the first demo using two boom boxes, together with Tapia, to whom he told that "the drums had to save bass drums and rolls to speed up his game." Then he created the solo and the lyrics. Narea changed the strum later, which was flat, and González was fine with it.On July 1, González, Narea and Tapia debuted under the name Los Prisioneros, at the Miguel León Prado School Song Festival, where they also premiered their new repertoire with the songs that González wrote in recent weeks, motivated by his experiences at the university, together with old songs from his previous groups: Los Pseudopillos and Los Vinchukas. When Fonseca met the rest of the group, he pointed out to González and Tapia that Narea had to be changed, seeing that he was not very neat on the guitar, however, they refused to replace him, since all three of them formed Los Prisioneros.

 Recording 

 Demos 
Fonseca managed to convince his father Mario to invest in the band because it had future prospects. In November 1983, having already become their manager, he took them to record the first demos, on the second floor of the Fusión record store, in an amateur studio that he himself set up with egg boxes on the wall. Quezada, who was a frequent client of Fusión, had the task of recording them. About the process, he explained: "It was recorded from one stereo deck to another, first on two tracks, they were joined, passed to the mixer and joined to two other tracks." According to Narea, Fonseca provided his companions with stimulants because he believed that this was the only way they could perform, since the recording would be done at night; He also recalled that they already had "La voz de los '80" and "Brigada de negro" in their repertoire, but there were also other songs later discarded, such as reggae "Para eso está la publicidad" and "La gran oportunidad", the last about the lack of opportunities for new artists.The result of the recording left "an impressive noise of tapes," said Quezada, "but it served to record a marathon session of a whole weekend, very exhausting, until we had the first cassette." The quality of the instruments was mediocre, Narea said. «We didn't even have amplifiers, so generally, Carlos Fonseca had to rent them. [...] It was illogical that we, who were headliners everywhere, did not have decent instruments». Mario continued to invest money in the band until he was able to buy his own instruments, which came to fruition in October 1984. Later the band had to return everything invested with the little they earned in concerts, which took them a year and a half; that is, they did not make money until 1986.A few weeks later, Fonseca—under the pseudonym Alberto Velazco—wrote an article about the band in a magazine called Mundo Diners Club. On December 30, "La voz de los '80" and "Brigada de negro" are broadcast by Radio Beethoven to all of Santiago, but with few listeners. In early 1984, they recorded more demos at Fusion, including "No necesitamos banderas", "Sexo" y "Mentalidad televisiva".

 Artwork and title 
Two covers were made, the first for the Fusión label and the second for the EMI reissue, the latter being the best known. The photograph for the first album cover was taken by Cristián Galaz (who also made the second cover) in February 1984 in an abandoned factory belonging to the Compañía de Cervecerías Unidas (CCU) at Fonseca's idea. "I like that half-destroyed environment that surrounds the group in that photo," Galaz said. «I was older than them, I was about five or six years older, and it seemed to me that the best concept was that half-punk thing and not at all glamorous or colorful, considering that that was the aesthetic that was imposed at that time of the 80s. This is raw and black and white. Very “Prisoners”.

 Release 
For its launch on December 13, 1984, a thousand copies were edited and sold in cassette format at its launch, today these cassettes are considered cult objects of rock Chilean, his cover photo It was taken in February of that same year by Cristián Galáz. Others were distributed to other record stores, including Feria del Disco, and in March, 1985 Fonseca made another 500 copies. In its first edition, the album was not well received. Fonseca recalled: "It was difficult for people to grasp it right off the bat, at Fusión we were surrounded by people who knew about music, I recommended many artists, most of them were surprised but they did not take the weight as I did. Starting with the broadcast media, the radio was not interested in Los Prisoneros at first".In August 1985, the EMI label, reissued the album, with a new artwork, which also was photographed by Galáz, but this time it was in La Vega Central. Managing to sell in Chile around 100,000 do you copy.

 Track listing 
Side A

Side B

 Personnel 
Jorge González (lead vocals, bass guitar, keyboards)
Claudio Narea (electric guitar, backing vocals)
Miguel Tapia (electronic drums, backing vocals, and the lead vocal on the song "¿Quién mató a Marilyn?")
Francisco Straub (recording, mixing)
Caco Lyon (recording, mixing)
Vicente Vargas (cover)
Cristián Galaz (photography)

 References 

 Bibliography 
Aguayo, Emiliano (4 June 2012). Las voces de los '80: Conversaciones con los protagonistas del fenómeno pop-rock (in Spanish). Santiago de Chile: RIL Editores. Retrieved 14 February 2023.
González, Jorge; Aguayo, Emiliano (2005). Maldito sudaca: conversaciones con Jorge González : la voz de los '80 (in Spanish). Red Internacional del Libro. ISBN 978-956-284-449-9. Retrieved 14 February 2023.
Contardo, Óscar (2005). La era ochentera : tevé, pop y under en el Chile de los ochenta. Santiago, Chile: Ediciones B Chile. ISBN 956-304-006-6.
Gómez, Nayive Ananías (2015). "Si aquí tu genio y talento no da fama. Análisis de la trayectoria de Los Prisioneros entre 1984 y 1990 desde una perspectiva musicológica interdisciplinaria" (pdf). Alberto Hurtado University. Retrieved 14 February 2023.
Maira, Manuel (1 October 2016). Jorge Gonzalez. Una Historia Original (in Spanish). Penguin Random House Grupo Editorial Chile. ISBN 978-956-304-256-6. Retrieved 14 February 2023.
Narea, Claudio (2009). Mi vida como prisionero. Santiago, Chile: Grupo Ed. Norma. ISBN 978-956-300-186-0.
Narea, Claudio (2014). Los prisioneros : biografía de una amistad (Primeraición, agosto de 2014 ed.). Santiago de Chile: Thabang Ediciones. ISBN 978-9563538045.
Osses, Julio (2002). Exijo ser un héroe : la historia (real) de Los Prisioneros. Santiago, Chile: Aguilar. ISBN 956-239-217-1.
Salas Zuñiga, Fabio (2003). La primavera terrestre : cartografías del rock chileno y la nueva canción chilena (1a ed.). Providencia, Santiago: Editorial Cuarto Propio. ISBN 978-956-260-291-4.
Stock, Freddy (2015) [1999]. Corazones Rojos (in Spanish). Penguin Random House: Penguin Random House Grupo Editorial Chile. ISBN 978-956-9582-20-2.

Anne-Françoise de Fougeret
Anne-Françoise de Fougeret born Anne-Françoise Outremont (1745–1813), was a French socialite and philanthropist  who founded one of the first secular women's charity organizations in France, the Société de Charité Maternelle.

 Life 
Anne-Françoise de Fougeret was married to the rich Parisian financier Jean Fougeret de Chateau Renard, and the mother of the memoir writers Anguelique de Maussion and Elisa de Menerville.
Both her father and her spouse were active within charity. Anne-Françoise de Fougeret had originally been involved in finding wet nurses for abandoned infants, using older women from her husband's estates. They fed the children goat's and cow's milk but three-quarters of them died. De Fougeret realised that the best solution was to help poor mothers feed and nurture their infants, preventing their abandonment.In 1788, de Fougeret founded the Société de Charité Maternelle to support poor mothers and children.  She was its first president, under the protection of Queen Marie Antoinette. The charity continued to operate during the French Revolution, but stopped during the Reign of Terror. In 1801, the charity was revived. De Fougeret's daughters became involved with the charity, but she remained a non-participating member.During the Reign of Terror, the entire Fougeret family (with the exception of her daughter Elisa, who was abroad), was imprisoned. De Fougeret's husband was guillotined, but the rest of the family was released after the fall of Robespierre.

 References 

Chris Griffin
Christopher Cross "Chris" Griffin is a fictional character from the animated television series, Family Guy. He is the second of three children of Peter and Lois Griffin and is also the older brother of Stewie Griffin and the younger brother of Meg Griffin. He is voiced by the American actor, producer and writer, Seth Green, and first appeared on television, along with the rest of the Griffin family, in the episode "Death Has a Shadow" on January 31, 1999.
Chris Griffin was created and designed by the series' creator, Seth MacFarlane, who was asked to pitch a pilot to the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series' pilot episode was based on The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve, two shorts made by MacFarlane which featured a middle-aged man named Larry and an intellectual dog, Steve. Chris was based on Milt, the teenage son character in The Life of Larry. Chris is an overweight adult boy with long, shaggy blond hair and medium skin. He wears a blue t-shirt, black sweatpants, white sneakers with red stripes, and an orange baseball cap with black on the back. His face looks similar to his father's, having the same kind of eyes, nose and chin. In the first three seasons, he wore golden hoop earrings.
Originally designed as a somewhat gregarious, yet unintelligent teenager, Chris has become more awkward and idiotic over the course of the show. Running gags in the series involving Chris include the existence of an 'Evil Monkey' in his closet (though it is later revealed that the monkey is not evil), his frequent masturbation, and his perverted admirer, the elderly Herbert who lusts after and repeatedly tries to prey on him throughout the show's run.

 Character origins 
The character of Chris Griffin resembles that of Milt's, the son of the main character Larry Cummings in The Life of Larry. The animated short film was created by Seth MacFarlane at the Rhode Island School of Design in 1995 which later led to the development of Family Guy, which aired three years later.
Seth Green has stated that his main inspiration for Chris' voice came from envisioning how the Buffalo Bill character from the thriller film The Silence of the Lambs would sound if he were speaking through a PA system at a McDonald's restaurant.

 Personality 
Similar to his older sister Meg, Chris is portrayed as a typical adolescent, albeit one who comes off as being good-natured and easy-going. As such, the character tends to take things in stride, not worrying about much, seemingly enjoying his position in life. On the Volume 1 DVD Boxset TV guides special Family Guy edition, it is stated that Chris "wouldn't hurt a fly, unless it landed on his hot dog".
Chris is seemingly willing to take drastic measures to meet his academic needs, especially to address his below-average grades. In one episode, he thinks he got a bad grade on his geometry test when he tickled his brain with a plastic army man's rifle inserted into his nose, accidentally puncturing a lobe.
Despite frequently displaying Peter's characteristic stupidity, Chris is usually portrayed as a faster learner than Peter, and has a variety of talents, such as filmmaking, video editing, etc. In "Patriot Games", when the family moves to London, Chris is the only member of the family who learns how to speak cockney English in a matter of seconds. Conversely, however, when his brother Stewie tries to help him prepare for a history exam in "Stewie, Chris, & Brian's Excellent Adventure", he seems to show great difficulty in grasping new ideas.
He also shares his father's cartoonish lack of common sense, tends to be absent-minded, gets confused easily, and appears to be extremely naïve; in "Lethal Weapons", when Peter and Lois are having a fist fight, Chris cheers for the former, telling him to "kick her ass!". Earlier in the episode, after Chris breaks a vase with his basketball and Lois tells Peter to punish him with a spanking, Peter tells him to "punish [himself]" and subsequently spanks himself. In Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story, when the children watch Lois and Peter trying to make love, Chris mistakes it for a fight and says, "Meg, why do you think they're fighting?", but Meg angrily whispers to him "They're not." In the episode "Trading Places", after Chris accidentally damages Peter's dirt bike, Peter "punishes" him by making him start smoking.
Although Meg is often humiliated or embarrassed by his actions like she is with Peter's actions, Chris usually loves and cares for her deeply, and the two are frequently shown to get along very well. Up until sometime during the sixth season, Chris is more socially active at school than Meg, having various friends, including several girls, while attending Buddy Cianci Junior High School, and later at James Woods Regional High School (now called Adam West High School).
As the series progresses and Meg is seen more often with her group of friends, Chris's social status is greatly reduced to the point of being unpopular and virtually friendless at James Woods Regional High School. While just as socially looked down upon as Meg (though to a lesser extent of being bullied), he is outwardly confident and spirited, mostly when dealing with the ups and downs of being a teenager, such as running for Homecoming King, standing up to bullies, lashing out against his date, and frequently acting out against Peter's hurtful ways.In "Stew-Roids", Chris's popularity increases drastically when the school's queen bee, Connie D'Amico, dates him. At first, she does this to be more popular since "dating a loser" improves her self confidence, however she begins to develop feelings towards Chris when he confesses his feelings towards her. Later in the episode, however, Chris's popularity turns him mean and shallow, and he dumps Connie after making out with two other girls at a house party. Connie and Meg then briefly team up to humiliate Chris by having Neil Goldman show the school a video of him re-enacting a scene from The Silence of the Lambs in which Buffalo Bill dances nude in front of a mirror, which results in Connie regaining her popularity, while Chris is socially demoted back to being an outcast.
In "Once Bitten", Chris befriends Neil Goldman, the Jewish resident "nerd/geek" and Meg's self-proclaimed love interest. Although their friendship was initially a ploy for Neil to get closer to Meg, Neil feels bad for using Chris and returns to him to resume their friendship.

 Evil Monkey 
As a running gag, starting in the episode "Dammit Janet!", Chris is regularly tormented by the Evil Monkey, who lives in his closet, though whenever he complains about it to anyone, they often laugh along with him instead thinking it is a joke, after which the monkey appears with a malevolent grimace and points at Chris in a threatening and intimidating manner. In "Hannah Banana", Chris proves the monkey's existence to the family, though ends up becoming friends with him after the monkey (who appears not to be evil at all, but just a poor creature who was depressed after his ex-wife cheated on him with another monkey) helps him write out a book report and subsequently pass.
The simian explains his frightening mannerisms as a result of various conditions and unintended actions. Chris introduces him to his friends, they hang out with each other in "fun" places, and the monkey helps Chris in his studies in school, which Peter does not do. This, however, causes a rift between Chris and Peter when the former realizes that the monkey cares more for him than his father. Eventually, the Evil Monkey helps the two characters to patch things up, especially after Peter saves the monkey from Miley Cyrus (who is depicted as an android) who had kidnapped him à la King Kong. After that, the monkey happily moves out of Chris' closet to live in the closet of Tom Tucker's son, Jake, where the cycle will start in anew, as Jake himself experiences difficulty with his father.
In a 2003 interview, Seth MacFarlane stated that the writers thought it would be funny to give Chris a childhood fear that is actually real, since he has "a childlike mind". The monkey's trademark grimace and pointing was the idea of writer Mike Barker.

 Identification with Seth Green 
Another running gag, which began in the Star Wars remake episode "Blue Harvest", has Chris defend the overall career of voice actor Seth Green, along with the animated series Robot Chicken: an Adult Swim show Green co-created as an in-joke where Green and Seth MacFarlane are jokingly portrayed as 'bitter competitors' in the field of adult animation.
When Peter (MacFarlane) methodically denigrates Robot Chicken in "Blue Harvest", Chris loses his temper and storms off. This gag is continued in "Something, Something, Something, Dark Side": though Chris attempts to maintain a cool head, he storms off again when Peter offers to tell the story of Without a Paddle, a critically panned film that featured Green. Both these scenes happen in the framing device of the episode (in which the family recounts the events of the original Star Wars trilogy whilst they have lost power during a storm) and not in the interior Star Wars narrative, in which Green portrays Chris as Star Wars hero Luke Skywalker.
In the final Star Wars parody, "It's a Trap!", mocking Green's career provokes further dismay in Chris: who attempts to defend Green by citing Buffy the Vampire Slayer and the Austin Powers film series as prominent examples of success in Green's career to refute the claim by Carter Pewterschmidt that Green "gets under [his] skin" and has failed to be part of any successful projects. Chris is rebuffed by Pewterschmidt: who argues that the popularity of Buffy was largely over-stated by coverage of the show by Entertainment Weekly and that moviegoers were largely uninterested in Green's involvement in the Austin Powers films.
These taunts give Chris (in character as Skywalker) the conviction to retaliate against Stewie/Darth Vader and Carter/Darth Sidious (both played by MacFarlane). In the closing scenes of the episode's framing device, an irritated Chris asks his father Peter about his negative perception of Seth Green. Peter responds by claiming he finds Green to be a "douche", leading Chris to poke fun at MacFarlane's career: going so far as to suggest that Family Guy is a rip-off of The Simpsons; MacFarlane is then defended by the characters whom he voices (Peter, Brian and Stewie): who refer to Macfarlane as talented.
Outside of the Star Wars-themed episodes, "Road to the Multiverse" plays on the running gag, but with Stewie provoking the Robot Chicken universe counterpart of Chris by asking "How does it feel to be on a major network for thirty seconds?", which prompts Chris to scream "Fuck you!"
Chris' birthday is February 8, which also happens to be the same day as Seth Green.

 References 

 External links 
Chris Griffin at Fox.com

Mohicans
The Mohicans ( or ) are an Eastern Algonquian Native American tribe that historically spoke an Algonquian language. As part of the Eastern Algonquian family of tribes, they are related to the neighboring Lenape, whose indigenous territory was to the south as far as the Atlantic coast. The Mohican lived in the upper tidal Hudson River Valley, including the confluence of the Mohawk River (where present-day Albany, New York, developed) and into western New England centered on the upper Housatonic River watershed. After 1680, due to conflicts with the powerful Mohawk to the west during the Beaver Wars, many were driven southeastward across the present-day Massachusetts western border and the Taconic Mountains to Berkshire County around Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
They combined with Lenape Native Americans (a branch known as the Munsee) in Stockbridge, MA, and later the people moved west away from pressure of European invasion. They settled in what became Shawano County, Wisconsin. Most eastern Native American populations were forced to reservations in Indian Territory during the 1830s, and other reservations in the American West later. Decades later the United States government organized the Stockbridge-Munsee Community with registered members of the Munsee people and a 22,000-acre (89 km2) reservation, which was originally the land of the Menominee Nation.
Following the disruption of the American Revolutionary War, most of the Mohican descendants first migrated westward to join the Iroquois Oneida on their reservation in central New York. The Oneida gave them about 22,000 acres for their use. After more than two decades, in the 1820s and 1830s, the Oneida and the Stockbridge moved again, pressured to sell their lands and relocate to northeastern Wisconsin under the federal Indian Removal Act. A group of Mohican also migrated to Ontario, Canada to live with the predominately Iroquois Six Nations of the Grand River reserve.
The tribe identified by the place where they lived: Muh-he-ka-neew (or "people of the continually flowing waters"). According to Daniel G. Brinton and James Hammond Trumbull "two well-known authorities on Mohican history", the word Muh-he-kan refers to a body of water that flows in both directions, being tidal to most of its Mohican range, so they named the Hudson River Mahicanuck, or the river with waters that are never still. Therefore, they, along with other tribes living along the Hudson River (such as the Munsee to their west, known by the dialect of Lenape that they spoke, and Wappinger) to the south, were called "the River Indians" by the Dutch and English. 
The Dutch heard and transliterated the term for the people of the area in their own language, variously as: Mahigan, Mahinganak, Maikan, among other variants, which the English later expressed as Mohican, in a transliteration to their own spelling system. The French, adopting names used by their Indian allies in Canada, knew the Mohican as the Loups (or wolves). They referred to the Iroquois Confederacy as the "Snake People" (as they were called by some competitors, or "Five Nations", representing their original tribes).  Like the Munsee and Wappinger peoples, the Mohican were Algonquian-speaking, part of a large language family related also to the Lenape people, who occupied coastal areas from western Long Island to the Delaware River valley to the south.
In the late twentieth century, the Mohican joined other former New York tribes, including the Oneida and some other Iroquois nations, in filing land claims against New York for what were considered unconstitutional purchases of their lands after the Revolutionary War. Only the federal government had constitutional authority to deal with the Indian nations. In 2010, outgoing governor David Paterson announced a land exchange with the Stockbridge-Munsee that would enable them to build a large casino on 330 acres (130 ha) in Sullivan County in the Catskills, as a settlement in exchange for dropping their larger claim in Madison County. The deal had many opponents.

 Territory 
In their own language, the Mohican identified collectively as the Muhhekunneuw, "people of the waters that are never still".At the time of their first contact with Europeans traders along the river in the 1590s, the Mohican were living in and around the Hudson River (or Mahicannituck). After 1609, at the time of the Dutch settlement of New Netherland, they also ranged along the eastern Mohawk River and the Hoosic River, and south along the Hudson to the Roeliff Jansen Kill, where they bordered on the Wappinger people. This nation inhabited the river area and its interior southward to today's New York City.Most of the Mohican communities lay along the upper tidal reaches of the Hudson River and along the watersheds of Kinderhook-Claverack-Taghkanic Creek, the Roeliff Jansen Kill, Catskil Creek, and adjacent areas of the Housatonic watershed. Mohican territory reached along Hudson River watersheds northeastward to Wood Creek just south of Lake Champlain.

 Culture 
The Mohican villages were governed by hereditary sachems advised by a council of clan elders. They had a matrilineal kinship system, with property and inheritance (including such hereditary offices) passed through the maternal line. Moravian missionary John Heckewelder and early anthropologist Lewis H. Morgan both learned from Mohican informants that their matrilineal society was divided into three phratries (Turkey, Turtle, and Wolf). These were divided into clans or subclans, including a potentially prominent Bear Clan. This finding is supported by the evidence of Mohican signatures on treaties and land deeds (see the works of Shirley Dunn).
A general council of sachems met regularly at Scodac (east of present-day Albany) to decide important matters affecting the entire confederacy. In his history of the Indians of the Hudson River, Edward Manning Ruttenber described the clans of the Mohican as the Bear, the Turkey, the Turtle, and the Wolf. Each had a role in the lives of the people, and the Wolf served as warriors in the north to defend against the Mohawk, the easternmost of the Five Nations of the Iroquois.Like the Munsee-speaking communities to their south, Mohican villages followed a dispersed settlement pattern, with each community likely dominated by a single lineage or clan. The villages usually consisted of a small cluster of small and mid-sized longhouses, and were located along floodplains. During times of war, they built fortifications in defensive locations (such as along ridges) as places of retreat. Their cornfields were located near their communities; the women also cultivated varieties of squash, beans, sunflowers, and other crops from the Eastern Agricultural Complex. Horticulture and the gathering and processing of nuts (hickory, butternuts, black walnuts and acorns), fruits (blueberries, raspberries, juneberries among many others), and roots (groundnuts, wood lilies, arrowroot among others) provided much of their diet. This was supplemented by the men hunting game (turkeys, deer, elk, bears, and moose in the Taconics) and fishing (sturgeon, alewives, shad, eels, lamprey and striped bass).

 Language 
The formally extinct Mohican language belonged to the Eastern Algonquian branch of the Algonquian language family.

 History 

 Mohican Confederacy 
The Mohican were a confederacy of five tribes and as many as forty villages.
Mohican proper, lived in the vicinity of today's Albany (Pempotowwuthut-Muhhcanneuw, "the fireplace of the Mahican Nation") west towards the Mohawk River and to the northwest to Lake Champlain and Lake George
Mechkentowoon, lived along the west shore of the Hudson River above the Catskill Creek
Wawyachtonoc (or Wawayachtonoc,  "eddy people" or "people of the curving channel"), lived in Dutchess County and Columbia County eastward to the Housatonic River in Litchfield County, Connecticut, main village was Weantinock, additional villages: Shecomeco, Wechquadnach, Pamperaug, Bantam, Weataug, Scaticook
Westenhuck (from hous atenuc, "on the other side of the mountains"), the name of a village near Great Barrington, Massachusetts. Often called the "Housatonic people", they lived in the Housatonic Valley in Connecticut and Massachusetts and in the vicinity of Great Barrington, which they called Mahaiwe, meaning "the place downstream"
Wiekagjoc (from wikwajek, "upper reaches of a river"), lived east of the Hudson Rivers near the city of Hudson, Columbia County, New York

 Conflict with the Mohawk 
The Algonquians (Mohican) and Iroquois (Mohawk) were traditional competitors and enemies. Iroquois oral tradition, as recorded in the Jesuit Relations, speaks of a war between the Mohawks and an alliance of the Susquehannock and Algonquin (sometime between 1580 and 1600). This was perhaps in response to the formation of the League of the Iroquois.In September 1609 Henry Hudson encountered Mohican villages just below present day Albany, with whom he traded goods for furs. Hudson returned to Holland with a cargo of valuable furs which immediately attracted Dutch merchants to the area. The first Dutch fur traders arrived on the Hudson River the following year to trade with the Mohicans. Besides exposing them to European epidemics, the fur trade destabilized the region.In 1614, the Dutch decided to establish a permanent trading post on Castle Island, on the site of a previous French post that had been long abandoned; but first they had to arrange a truce to end fighting which had broken out between the Mohicans and Mohawks. Fighting broke out again between the Mohicans and Mohawks in 1617, and with Fort Nassau badly damaged by a freshet, the Dutch abandoned the fort. In 1618, having once again negotiated a truce, the Dutch rebuilt Fort Nassau on higher ground. Late that year, Fort Nassau was destroyed by flooding and abandoned for good. In 1624, Captain Cornelius Jacobsen May sailed the Nieuw Nederlandt upriver and landed eighteen families of Walloons on a plain opposite Castle Island. They commenced to construct Fort Orange.
The Mohicans invited the Algonquin and Montagnais to bring their furs to Fort Orange as an alternative to French traders in Quebec. Seeing the Mohicans extend their control over the fur trade, the Mohawk attacked, with initial success. In 1625 or 1626 the Mohicans destroyed the easternmost Iroquois "castle". The Mohawks then re-located south of the Mohawk River, closer to Fort Orange. In July 1626 many of the settlers moved to New Amsterdam because of the conflict. The Mohicans requested help from the Dutch and Commander Daniel Van Krieckebeek set out from the fort with six soldiers. Van Krieckebeek, three soldiers, and twenty-four Mohicans were killed when their party was ambushed by the Mohawk about a mile from the fort. The Mohawks withdrew with some body parts of those slain for later consumption as a demonstration of supremacy.War continued to rage between the Mohicans and Mohawks throughout the area from Skahnéhtati (Schenectady) to Kinderhoek (Kinderhook). By 1629, the Mohawks had taken over territories on the west bank of the Hudson River that were formerly held by the Mohicans. The conflict caused most of the Mohicans to migrate eastward across the Hudson River into western Massachusetts and Connecticut.  The Mohawks gained a near-monopoly in the fur trade with the Dutch by prohibiting the nearby Algonquian-speaking tribes to the north or east from trading.

 Stockbridge 
Many Mohicans settled in the town of Stockbridge, Massachusetts, where they gradually became known as the "Stockbridge Indians". Etow Oh Koam, one of their chiefs, accompanied three Mohawk chiefs on a state visit to Queen Anne and her government in England in 1710. They were popularly referred to as the Four Mohawk Kings.

The Stockbridge Indians allowed Protestant missionaries, including Jonathan Edwards, to live among them.  In the 18th century, many converted to Christianity, while keeping certain traditions of their own.  They fought on the side of the British colonists in the French and Indian War (also known as the Seven Years' War).  During the American Revolution, they sided with the colonists.In the eighteenth century, some of the Mohicans developed strong ties with missionaries of the Moravian Church from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, who founded a mission at their village of Shekomeko in Dutchess County, New York. Henry Rauch reached out to two Mohican leaders, Maumauntissekun, also known as Shabash; and Wassamapah, who took him back to Shekomeko. They named him the new religious teacher. Over time, Rauch won listeners, as the Mohicans had suffered much from disease and warfare, which had disrupted their society. Early in 1742, Shabash and two other Mohicans accompanied Rauch to Bethlehem, where he was to be ordained as a deacon. The three Mohicans were baptized on 11 February 1742 in John de Turk's barn nearby at Oley, Pennsylvania. Shabash was the first Mohican of Shekomeko to adopt the Christian religion. The Moravians built a chapel for the Mohican people in 1743. They defended the Mohican against European colonists' exploitation, trying to protect them against land encroachment and abuses of liquor.
On a 1738 visit to New York, the Mohicans spoke to Governor Lewis Morris concerning the sale of their land near Shekomeko. The Governor promised they would be paid as soon as the lands were surveyed.  He suggested that for their own security, they should mark off their square mile of land they wished to keep, which the Mohicans never did. In September 1743, still under the Acting-Governor George Clarke the land was finally surveyed by New York Assembly agents and divided into lots, a row of which ran through the Indians' reserved land. With some help from the missionaries, on 17 October 1743 and already under the new Royal Governor George Clinton, Shabash put together a petition of names of people who could attest that the land in which one of the lots was running through was theirs. Despite Shabash's appeals, his persistence, and the missionaries' help, the Mohicans lost the case. The lots were eventually bought up by European-American colonists and the Mohicans were forced out of Shekomeko. Some who opposed the missionaries' work accused them of being secret Catholic Jesuits (who had been outlawed from the colony in 1700) and of working with the Mohicans on the side of the French. The missionaries were summoned more than once before colonial government, but also had supporters. In the late 1740s the colonial government at Poughkeepsie expelled the missionaries from New York, in part because of their advocacy of Mohican rights. European colonists soon took over the Mohican land.

 Revolutionary War 
In August 1775, the Six Nations staged a council fire near Albany, after news of Bunker Hill had made war seem imminent. After much debate, they decided that such a war was a private affair between the British and the colonists (known as Rebels, Revolutionaries, Congress-Men, American Whigs, or Patriots), and that they should stay out of it. Mohawk Chief Joseph Brant feared that the Indians would lose their lands if the Colonists achieved independence. Sir William Johnson, his son John Johnson and son-in-law Guy Johnson and Brant used all their influence to engage the Iroquois to fight for the British cause. The Mohawk, Onondaga, Cayuga, and Seneca ultimately became allies and provided warriors for the battles in the New York area. The Oneida and Tuscarora sided with the Colonists. The Mohicans, who as Algonquians were not part of the Iroquois Confederacy, sided with the Patriots, serving at the Siege of Boston, and the battles of Saratoga and Monmouth.
In 1778 they lost forty warriors of their Stockbridge Militia, around half "Stockbridge Indians" who were remnants of both Mohican and Wappinger tribes, in a British attack on the land of the van Cortlandt family. (In 1888, the property became Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx, New York.) The Battle of Kingsbridge decimated the troop's ranks.  It received a commendation from George Washington, was paid $1,000 and dismissed.

 Move to Oneida, New York 
After the Revolution the citizens of the new United States forced many Native Americans off their land and westward. In the 1780s, groups of Stockbridge Indians, today regarded as Stockbridge Munsee, moved from Massachusetts to a new location among the Oneida people in central New York, who had been granted a 300,000-acre (120,000 ha) reservation for their service to the Patriots, out of their former territory of 6,000,000 acres (2,400,000 ha). They called their settlement New Stockbridge. Some individuals and families, mostly people who were old or those with special ties to the area, remained behind at Stockbridge.
The central figures of Mohican society, including the chief sachem, Joseph Quanaukaunt, and his counselors and relatives, were part of the move to New Stockbridge. At the new town, the Stockbridge emigrants controlled their own affairs and combined traditional ways with the new as they chose. After learning from the Christian missionaries, the Stockbridge Indians were experienced in English ways. At New Stockbridge they replicated their former town. While continuing as Christians, they retained their language and Mohican cultural traditions. In general, their evolving Mohican identity was still rooted in traditions of the past.

 Removal to Wisconsin 
In the 1820s and 1830s, most of the Stockbridge Indians moved to Shawano County, Wisconsin, where they were promised land by the US government under the policy of Indian removal. In Wisconsin, they settled on reservations with the Lenape (called Munsee after one of their major dialects), who were also speakers of one of the Algonquian languages.  Together, the two formed a band and are federally recognized as the Stockbridge-Munsee Community.
Their 22,000-acre reservation is known as that of the Stockbridge-Munsee Band of Mohican Indians and is located near the town of Bowler. Since the late twentieth century, they have developed the North Star Mohican Resort and Casino on their reservation, which has successfully generated funds for tribal welfare and economic development.

 Land claims 
In the late twentieth century, the Stockbridge-Munsee were among tribes filing land claims against New York, which had been ruled to have unconstitutionally acquired land from Indians without Senate ratification. The Stockbridge-Munsee filed a land claim against New York state for 23,000 acres (9,300 ha) in Madison County, the location of its former property. In 2011, outgoing governor David Paterson announced having reached a deal with the tribe. They would be given nearly 2 acres (0.81 ha) in Madison County and give up their larger claim in exchange for the state's giving them 330 acres of land in Sullivan County in the Catskill Mountains, where the government was trying to encourage economic development. The federal government had agreed to take the land in trust, making it eligible for development as a gaming casino, and the state would allow gaming, an increasingly important source of revenue for American Indians. Race track and casinos, private interests and other tribes opposed the deal.In 2011, the Stockbridge-Munsee Community Band of the Mohican Indians regained ownership 156 acres along the Hudson River, a tract known as Papscanee Island Nature Preserve near East Greenbush and Schodack. The land was donated to descendants of its indigenous inhabitants by the Open Space Initiative. Prior to colonization, the island was used for ceremonies by the Mohicans before it was acquired by Dutch merchant Kiliaen Van Rensselaer in 1637. The property is managed by Rensselaer County and the Rensselaer Land Trust for public access and protection, while owned by the Mohicans.

 Representation in media 
James Fenimore Cooper based his novel, The Last of the Mohicans, on the Mohican tribe. His description includes some cultural aspects of the Mohegan, a different Algonquian tribe that lived in eastern Connecticut. Cooper set his novel in the Hudson Valley, Mohican land, but used some Mohegan names for his characters, such as Uncas.
The novel has been adapted for the cinema more than a dozen times, the first time in 1920. Michael Mann directed a 1992 adaptation, which starred Daniel Day-Lewis as a Mohican-adopted white man.
In 2016, German metal band Running Wild released their 16th album Rapid Foray. The last song in the album, is 'Last of the Mohicans'.

 Notable members 
Etow Oh Koam, Mohican sachem and one of the Four Indian Kings, who, with three Mohawk leaders, made a state visit to Queen Anne and her government in England in 1710.
Hendrick Aupaumut, (1757–1830) sachem, historian, and American Revolutionary War captain
Steve Conliff, (1949-2006) political writer, historian, Yippie activist
Brent Michael Davids, (b. 1959) composer/flautist
Bill Miller, (b. 1955) musician
Electa Quinney, (1798–1885) first public teacher and school mistress in Wisconsin
John Wannuaucon Quinney, (1797–1855) diplomat
Don Coyhis (born August 16, 1943), addiction specialist, Native American health activist and author.
Anthony Kiedis (born November 1, 1962), lead singer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers.

 See also 
Native American tribes in Massachusetts

 References 

 Bibliography 
Aupaumut, Hendrick. (1790). "History of the Muh-he-con-nuk Indians", in American Indian Nonfiction, An Anthology of Writings, 1760s–1930s (pp. 63–71). Norman: University of Oklahoma Press.
Nekatcit. The Celestial Bear Comes Down to Earth: The Bear Sacrifice Ceremony of the Munsee-Mahican in Canada as Related by Nekatcit Edited by Frank G. Speck in collaboration with Jesse Moses, Delaware Nation. Pub. 1945, Reading Public Museum.
Jones, Electa. (1854). "Stockbridge Past and Present".
Ruttenber, E. M. (1872). "History of the Indian Tribes of Hudson's River; Their Origin, Manners and Customs; Tribal and Sub-Tribal Organizations; Wars, Treaties, Etc., Etc."  Albany: J. Munsell History Series.
Starna, William A.: From Homeland to New Land: A History of the Mahican Indians, 1600–1830. University of Nebraska Press, 2013. ISBN 978-0803244955
Brasser, T. J. (1978). "Mahican", in B. G. Trigger (Ed.), Northeast (pp. 198–212). Handbook of North American Indian languages (Vol. 15). Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution.
Cappel, Constance, "The Smallpox Genocide of the Odawa Tribe at L'Arbre Croche, 1763", The History of a Native American People, Lewiston, New York: Edwin Mellen Press, 2007.
Conkey, Laura E.; Bolissevain, Ethel; & Goddard, Ives. (1978). "Indians of southern New England and Long Island: Late period", in B. G. Trigger (Ed.), Northeast (pp. 177–189). Handbook of North American Indian languages (Vol. 15). Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution.
Salwen, Bert. (1978). "Indians of southern New England and Long Island: Early period", in B. G. Trigger (Ed.), Northeast (pp. 160–176). Handbook of North American Indian languages (Vol. 15). Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution.
Simpson, J. A.; & Weiner, E. S. C. (1989). "Mohican", Oxford English Dictionary. Oxford: Clarendon Press. (Online version).
Sturtevant, William C. (Ed.). (1978–present). Handbook of North American Indians (Vol. 1–20). Washington, D. C.: Smithsonian Institution.
Trigger, Bruce G. (Ed.). (1978). Northeast, Handbook of North American Indians (Vol. 15). Washington, D. C.: Smithsonian Institution.

 External links 

Stockbridge-Munsee community
Mohican nation Stockbridge-Munsee band: Our history
Mohican Indians

Media history of China
A timeline of China's media-related history since World War II, including computer hardware, software development, the history of the Internet, etc.

 Prior to founding of the People's Republic of China 
Mao Zedong stated that the masses should be involved in journalism. In his widely publicized remarks with journalists at Jin-Sui Daily in 1948, Mao said, "With our newspapers, too, we must rely on everybody, on the masses of the people, on the whole Party to run them, not merely on a few persons behind closed doors."During the Second Sino-Japanese War, the Nationalists had mobile projectionists travel in rural China to play anti-Japanese propaganda films.: 46 

 1950s 
In both the Yan'an era of the 1930s and the early 1950s, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) encouraged grassroots journalism in the form of "worker-peasant correspondents," an idea originating from the Soviet Union.At the PRC's founding in 1949, there were less than 600 movie theatres in the country.: 102  Projectionists traveled through rural China showing films, a process modeled on the Soviet Union's use of mobile film teams to spread revolutionary culture.: 45  In the 1950s and the 1960s, the Communist Party built cinemas (among other cultural buildings) in industrial districts on urban peripheries.: 148  Rural mobile projectionist teams and urban movie theaters were generally managed through the PRC's cultural bureaucracy.: 47  Trade Unions and PLA propaganda departments also operated film exhibition networks.: 47 In 1950s China, a common view of film was that it served as "socialist distance horizon education".: 24  For example, films promoted rural collectivization.: 24 In 1950, 1,800 projectionists from around the country traveled to Nanjing for a training program.: 71  These projectionists replicated the training program in their own home provinces to develop more projectionists.: 71  Nanjing was later termed a "Cradle of People's Cinema.": 71  The PRC sought to recruit women and ethnic minority projectionists in an effort to more effectively reach marginalized communities.: 72 In 1950, approximately 1 million radio sets existed in China, mostly in bourgeois urban households.: 45  The PRC began establishing a radio reception network assigning "radio receptionists" in schools, army units, and factories.: 45  These receptionists organized group listening sessions and also transcribed and distributed written content of radio broadcasts.: 45  Through the practice of rooftop broadcasting, village criers using homemade megaphones would also relay the content of radio broadcasts.: 45  Radio receptionists and rooftop broadcasting remained a significant component of broadcasting practices until wireless broadcasting became widespread in the 1960s and 1970s.: 45 In 1956, the “Long-Range Plan for the Development of Science and Technology from 1956-1967” commissioned a group of scientists and researchers to develop computer technology for national defense. The Plan's goals included furthering radio, telecommunication, and atomic energy projects. Shortly thereafter, the first state-sanctioned computer development program began with the Chinese Academy of Sciences affiliated Beijing Institute of Computing Technology (ICT).In 1958, the first Chinese-made computer was developed by the Institute of Military Engineering at the University of Harbin as part of the ICT. The computer, dubbed the 901, was a vacuum-tube computer. The 901 was a copy of an earlier Soviet model.

 1960s 
After the Chinese stopped receiving Soviet technical and financial assistance in 1960, there was a deeply felt loss of technical expertise that stunted development. Additionally, the Cultural Revolution slowed technological progress. However, transistor-based  computers including the 109B, 109C, DJS-21,  DJS-5 and C-2 were developed during the 1960s. Despite the large improvements in the computing power of these machines, and advances in the hardware like integrated-circuitry there is little evidence that computers were being designed for widespread consumer use.During this period of Chinese "self-reliance," the computers developed in the second half of the 1960s did not resemble Soviet computers nor their Western counterparts. The new transistor-based machines were distinctly Chinese creations.As part of the Socialist Education Movement, mobile film projectionist units showed films and slideshows that emphasized class struggle and encouraged audience members to discuss bitter experiences onstage.: 85 During the early period (1966-1968) of the Cultural Revolution, freedom of the press in China was at its peak. While the number of newspapers declined in this period, the number of independent publications by mass political organizations grew. Mao used mass media to encourage rebels to establish their own independent mass political organizations and their own publications. According to China's National Bureau of Statistics, the number of newspapers dropped from 343 in 1965, to 49 in 1966, and then to a 20th-century low of 43 in 1967. At the same time, the number of publications by mass organizations such as Red Guards grew to an estimated number as high as 10,000. Independent political groups could publish broadsheets and handbills, as well as leaders' speeches and meeting transcripts which would normally have been considered highly classified.: 24  Several Red Guard organizations also operated independent printing presses to publish newspapers, articles, speeches, and big-character posters. For example, the largest student organization in Shanghai, the Red Revolutionaries, established a newspaper that had a print run of 800,000 copies by the end of 1966.: 58–59  Government controls on restricted literature also collapsed during the Cultural Revolution.Mobile film units brought Chinese cinema to the countryside and were crucial to the standardization and popularization of cultural during this period, particularly including revolutionary model operas.: 30  During the Cultural Revolution's early years, mobile film teams traveled to rural areas with news reels of Mao meeting with Red Guards and Tiananmen Square parades, and welcomed ceremoniously in rural communities.: 110  These news reels became known as hong bao pian ("red treasure films"), analogous to how the Little Red Books were dubbed hong bao shu ("red treasure books").: 110  The release of the filmed versions of the revolutionary model operas resulted in a re-organization and expansion of China's film exhibition network.: 73 From 1965 to 1976, the number of film projection units in China quadrupled, total film audiences nearly tripled, and the national film attendance rate doubled.: 133  The Cultural Revolution Group drastically reduced ticket prices which, in its view, would allow film to better serve the needs of workers and of socialism.: 133 Rusticated youths with an interest in broadcast technology frequently operated the rural radio stations after 1968.: 42  Rusticated youths likewise constituted a significant portion of film projectionists.: 75 

 1970s 
The Cultural Revolution continued to severely stagnate technological development in the first half of the 1970s.Loudspeakers (mostly wired) remained the dominant aspect of the Chinese audio technology until 1976.: 32  Despite transistorization of radios in the 1960s, private radios continued to lag behind loudspeakers due to the comparatively high cost of transistor radios a well as concerns about private radio listening to "enemy" shortwave broadcasts.: 32–33 Until the 1976 invention of the Cangjie input method, computing technologies lacked an efficient way of inputting Chinese characters into computers. The Cangjie method uses Chinese character radicals to construct characters.
In 1977, the first microcomputer, the DJS-050 was developed.In 1978, China's aggressive plan for technological development was announced at the Chinese National Conference on Science and Technology. Further developing microcomputers, integrated circuits, and national databases were all declared priorities.

 1980s 
In the early 1983, there were approximately 162,000 film projection units in China.: 1  Most of these were used by mobile movie teams which showed films outdoors in rural and urban areas.: 102 In 1980, the Chinese computing technology was estimated to be about 15 years behind United States technology. From the early 1980s on, China's leaders recognized that their nationalistic development strategy was inhibiting their scientific competitiveness with the West. Therefore, imports from the United States and Japanese companies such as IBM, DEC, Unisys, Fujitsu, Hitachi, and NEC greatly increased.  However, high tariffs discouraged the direct import of computers, instead encouraging foreign corporations to provide hardware and software to domestic enterprises.In 1980, the GB 2312 Code of Chinese Graphic Character Set for Information Interchange-Primary Set was created allowing for 99% of contemporary characters to be easily expressed.In 1982, the Shanghai Bureau of Education chose 8 elementary students and 8 middle-school students from each district, and gave them very basic computer training. This is the first experiment using a computer in Chinese children's education.In 1983, the first Chinese supercomputer,"Galaxy," was developed.In 1984, the New Technology Developer Inc. (the predecessor of the Legend Group and now known as Lenovo) was funded by the Chinese Academy of Sciences.In 1985, the Great Wall 0520CH, was the first personal computer that used Chinese character generation and display technology, therefore capable of processing information in Chinese. The Great Wall models commanded a substantial share of the domestic computer market for the next decade.The 1986, Seventh Development Plan marked a turning point in China's commercial computer industry, as the electronics industry was designated as a "pillar" that would help drive the entire Chinese economy.In 1987, Professor Qian Tianbai sent the first email from China, signifying China's first use of the Internet. The email message was "Across the Great Wall we can reach every corner in the world."

 1990s 
In 1990, Professor Qian Prof. Werner Zorn registered the country code top level domain .CN.
In 1994, the National Computing & Networking Facilities of China project opened a 64K dedicated circuit to the Internet, Since then, China has been officially recognized as a country with full functional Internet accessibility.In 1996, CHINANET was completed and operational. Nationwide internet services are available to the general public.  China's first Internet café soon followed.The 1996 Ninth Five Year National Development Plan emphasized the development of technical infrastructure and expanding the personal computer industry.The State Administration of Radio, Film, and Television (SARFT) began the Connecting Every Village with Radio and TV project in 1998; the program extended radio and television broadcasting to every village in China.: 30 In 1999, the National Research Center for Intelligent Computing Systems announced that it developed a super server system capable of conducting 20 billion floating-point operations per second, making China one of the few nations in the world that have developed high-performance servers.By the end of 1999, there were approximately 20 million PCs in operation in China.

 2000s 
In 2004, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology began the Connecting Every Village Project to promote universal access to telecommunication and internet services in rural China.: 24–25  The MIIT required that six state-owned companies, including the main telecommunications and internet providers China Mobile, China Unicom, and China Telecom, build the communications infrastructure and assist in financing the project.: 25  The program's implementation was influenced by SARFT's earlier success in the Connecting Every Village with Radio and TV Project.: 30   Beginning in late 2009, the program began building rural telecenters each of which had at least one telephone, computer, and internet connectivity.: 37–38  Approximately 90,000 rural telecenters were built by 2011.: 38  As of December 2019, 135 million rural households had used broadband internet.: 25  The program successfully extended internet infrastructure throughout rural China and promoted development of the internet.: 25 

 2010s 
China began implementing a National Broadband Strategy in 2013.: 90  The program aimed to increase the speed, quality, and adoption of broadband and 4G networks.: 90  As of 2018, 96% of administrative villages had fiber optic networks and 95% had 4G networks.: 90 

 2020s 
In 2020, China was the world's largest jailor of journalists with at least 118 detained.In 2020, China's market for films surpassed the U.S. market to become the largest such market in the world.: 16 

 References 

Ellie Haddington
Ellie Haddington (born 17 February 1955 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish actress with a career spanning over 40 years.

 Early life and education 
Haddington was born in Aberdeen. She trained as an actor at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School from 1975 to 1977.

 Career 
Haddington appeared in 101 episodes of Coronation Street as Josie Clarke from 1995 to 1996. Haddington's other TV credits include Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, Life Begins, Foyle's War (as Hilda Pierce), Endeavour, A&E, Cracker, Cutting It, Holby City, Wire in the Blood, Midsomer Murders, The Musketeers, Taggart, Scott & Bailey, Bad Girls, Guilt, New Tricks - and The Bill, in which she played two different roles, the first in 1997 and the second in 2007. She later appeared as Professor Docherty in the third-season finale of Doctor Who, entitled "Last of the Time Lords". In 1997 she played Joan Braithwaite in “Closing Ranks,” the fourth episode of the seventh series of Heartbeat. In 2001 she appeared in Midsomer Murders "Tainted Fruit", as Joan Farley.
Onstage in 2012, she appeared in Bingo at the Chichester Festival Theatre and the Young Vic. In 2011 and 2013 she appeared in the lead role of Carol Porter in the Sky One comedy series The Café. In 2013, she appeared as Madame Dupin in the BBC TV miniseries Spies of Warsaw.
In 2015, Haddington played Gina Corbin in Ordinary Lies and Fanny Biggetywitch in Dickensian. From 2016 to 2022, she played Julia's mother Marion in Motherland.In 2018, she appeared in Midsomer Murders "Death of the Small Coppers" as Giny Weldon and in Endeavour "Quartet" as Millie Bagshot. In 2019, she played Dr Moss in the final episode of BBC six-part TV drama by Russell T Davies, Years and Years.
In 2021, she reprised the part of Sheila Gemmell in the BBC black-comedy series Guilt, which was first shown on BBC Two in 2019. She also played Wendy in the Channel 4 miniseries Close to Me.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Radio 

 Theatre credits 

 References 

BibliographyHayward, Anthony (1996). Who's Who on Television. London: Boxtree. ISBN 0-7522-1067-X.

 External links 
Ellie Haddington at IMDb

Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023
The Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (also known as DPDP Act or DPDPA-2023) is an act of the Parliament of India to provide for the processing of digital personal data in a manner that recognises both the right of individuals to protect their personal data and the need to process such personal data for lawful purposes and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. This is the first Act of the Parliament of India where "she/her" pronouns were used unlike the usual "he/him" pronouns.

 Timeline 
On 18 November 2022, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology released the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2022 for public consultation.[1]
On 5 July 2023, the cabinet has approved the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 which is the revised version of the bill which was put up for public consultation earlier.
On 3 August 2023, the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 was introduced in Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India.
On 7 August 2023, the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 was passed by Lok Sabha.
On 9 August 2023, the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 was introduced and passed by Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India.
On 11 August 2023, the President of India has given assent to the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 which now makes it the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023.

 Background 
On August 24, 2017, the Supreme Court of India gave the Right to Privacy verdict. In the case of Justice K. S. Puttaswamy (Retd.) and Anr. vs Union Of India And Ors., the Supreme court held that the Right to Privacy is a fundamental right protected under Article 21 and Part III of the Indian Constitution.
After the verdict the Government of India has set up a data protection framework which started taking steps towards the creation of the data protection legislation after the Supreme Court of India's privacy verdict.
On 22 December 2018, the constitution of committee of experts to delibrate on a data protection framework for India takes place by the chaimanship of Justice B.N. Srikrishna.[2]
After the Government of India has constiuted an expert committee under, the committee has seeked public consulation on various white papers on data protection framework for India.
The Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018 draft was released.
The committee of experts under chairmanship of Justice B.N. Srikrishna has released their Data Protection Committee report.
On 14 August 2018, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has seeked feedback on the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill.
On 4 December 2019, after further deliberations the Bill was approved by the cabinet ministry of India.
On 11 December 2019, the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 was tabled in Lok Sabha.
On 11 December 2019, the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 was referred to the Joint Parliamentary Committee.
On 16 December 2021, the standing committee has submitted its report on the bill.
On 3 August 2022, the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 was withdrawn.
On 18 November 2022, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology released the draft legislation of the data protection framework for public consultation.[3]
On 3 August 2023, the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 was introduced in the Lok Sabha

 Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 

The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology set up a committee to study issues related to data protection. The committee was chaired by retired Supreme Court judge Justice B. N. Srikrishna. The committee submitted the draft version of Personal Data Protection in July 2018. The report was modified several times later by the Government of India and after receiving the approval of central cabinet the draft legislation was tabled in the Parliament of India on 11 December 2019.

 As bill 
The Bill aims to:
to provide for protection of the privacy of individuals relating to their personal data, specify the flow and usage of personal data, create a relationship of trust between persons and entities processing the personal data, protect the fundamental rights of individuals whose personal data are processed, to create a framework for organisational and technical measures in processing of data, laying down norms for social media intermediary, cross-border transfer, accountability of entities processing personal data, remedies for unauthorised and harmful processing, and to establish a Data Protection Authority of India for the said purposes and for matters connected there with or incidental thereto.
It provided for extensive provisions around collection of consent, assessment of datasets, data flows and transfers of personal data, including to third countries and other aspects around anonymized and non-personal data.

 Criticism and withdrawal 
The revised 2019 Bill was criticized by Justice B. N. Srikrishna, the drafter of the original Bill, as having the ability to turn India into an “Orwellian State". In an interview with Economic Times, Srikrishna said that, "The government can at any time access private data or government agency data on grounds of sovereignty or public order. This has dangerous implications.”  This view is shared by a think tank in their comment number 3.Fresh criticism on the international level comes from an advisor to a group proposing an alternative text. A moderately critical summary is available from an India scholar working with an American co-author.The role of social media intermediaries is being regulated more tightly on several fronts. The Wikimedia Foundation is hoping that the PDP bill will prove the lesser evil compared with the Draft Information Technology [Intermediary Guidelines (Amendment) Rules] 2018.Forbes India reports that "there are concerns that the Bill gives the government blanket powers to access citizens' data."Jaiveer Shergill, a prominent Supreme Court Lawyer has shared the pitfalls and gaps of the current version of the draft bill. There are serious loopholes of how the bill is unable to identify the scope of governmental bodies in distinguishing who has access to the personal data of the citizens and missing state bodies to monitor the personal data.The bill after being tabled was referred to the JPC which was chaired by Meenakshi Lekhi. Later received criticism from stakeholders, opposition and experts the bill was withdrawn from the Parliament of India on 3 August 2022.

 Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 

 Aim 
The Bill provides for the processing of digital personal data in a manner that recognizes both the rights of the individuals to protect their personal data and the need to process such personal data for lawful purposes and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.
The Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 is the draft version of the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023, initially the government has released its the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2022 on 18 November 2022 for public consultation till 2 January 2023 and approved the revised version of the earlier draft which was released for public consultation making it the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023.

 Timeline, introduction and passage 
On 18 November 2022, the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2022 was released for public consultation, the deadline for receiving comments was 17 December 2022
On 17 December 2022, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has extended the deadline for receiving public comments till 2 January 2023
On 5 July 2023, the cabinet has approved the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 which is the revised version of the bill which was put up for public consulation earlier.
On 3 August 2023, the revised version of the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2022 which is the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 was introduced by Ashwini Vaishnaw, Minister of Electronics and Information Technology in Lok Sabha.
On 7 August 2023, the bill was passed by Lok Sabha. The bill was then introduced and passed in the upper house of the Indian Parliament Rajya Sabha on 9 August 2023.
On 11 August 2023, Draupadi Murmu, President of India has given assent to the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2023 which made it the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023.

 Overview 
The Act protects digital personal data (that is, the data by which a person may be identified) by providing for the following
The obligations of Data Fiduciaries (that is, persons, companies and government entities who process data) for data processing (that is, collection, storage or any other operation on personal data)
The rights and duties of Data Principals (that is, the person to whom the data relates)
Financial penalties for breach of rights, duties and obligations
Establishment of Data Protection Board of India

 Data Protection Board of India 

The Data Protection Board of India, an adjudicating body, will be established as per the provisions in this Act.The Minister of Electronics and Information Technology Ashwini Vaishnaw and MoS Rajeev Chandrasekhar stated in press that the Central government is setting up the Data Protection Board of India which will be an adjudicating body. It is a body that adjudicates the dispute between those whose personal data has been given to a platform and the platform which has in turn breached the obligations under the law.

 Rights and provisions 
Right to access personal data
Right to correction and erasure of data
Right to revoke consent
Special provisions for the protection of data related minors (under 18 children)
Minimum penalty for breach is 50 crore INR
The terms and conditions and information related to collection of data should be made available in all the 22 languages in the 8th schedule of the Indian constitution
Right to grievance redressal
Right to nominate a consent manager to manage their data related requests on behalf of a data principal (The right to nominate a person to exercise rights in case of death or incapacity)
The Act does not permit processing which is detrimental to well-being of children or involves their tracking, behavioral monitoring or targeted advertising

 Exemptions 
The Act has made exemptions from the regulations related to the Act, they are:

The processing of personal data is necessary for enforcing any legal right or claim
The processing of personal data by any court or tribunal or any other body in India which is entrusted by law with the performance of any judicial or quasi-judicial or regulatory or supervisory function, where such processing is necessary for the performance of such function
Personal data is processed in the interest of prevention, detection, investigation or prosecution of any offence or contravention of any law for the time being in force in India
Personal data of Data Principals not within the territory of India is processed pursuant to any contract entered into with any person outside the territory of India by any person based in India
The processing is necessary for a scheme of compromise or arrangement or merger or amalgamation of two or more companies or a reconstruction by way of demerger or otherwise of a company, or transfer of undertaking of one or more company to another company, or involving division of one or more companies, approved by a court or tribunal or other authority competent to do so by any law for the time being in force
The processing is for the purpose of ascertaining the financial information and assets and liabilities of any person who has defaulted in payment due on account of a loan or advance taken from a financial institution, subject to such processing being in accordance with the provisions regarding disclosure of information or data in any other law for the time being in force.

 Criticism 

 Transfer of Personal Data Outside India 
The Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 has relaxed data localisation requirements when compared to the earlier attempted legislation PDP Bill, 2019 and permits cross-border data flow to certain countries and territories as may be notified by the central government. Unlike the earlier bills, the present legislation does not prescribe local storage or localization requirements. However there is a restriction on this, only the countries that are notified by the central government under this Act are allowed to do so under the regulations. Regarding on what basis the countries are notified and other data processing related details are yet to be announced by the Data Protection Board of India.

 Non-applicability to offline personal data 
The Act is only applicable to the data collected digitally and when offline data gets digitized. Not having the applicability on offline personal data was criticized as there is no framework on how such data is handled.

 Misplaced objectives, difference in Right to Privacy verdict interpretation 
The statement of objects and purpose of the DPDPA-2023 state that it is to “provide for the processing of digital personal data in a manner that recognizes both the right of individuals to protect their personal data and the need to process personal data for lawful purposes, and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto”.As it replaces information security with the right of an individual to control their own data privacy, the Act confuses the idea of informational privacy and leaves much to be desired. Since the need for such legislation was first stated in the Right to Privacy verdict, it appears that the DPDPA-2023 as it was enacted in this state differs from the original idea of what the law could have been.

 Exemptions to Government 
The exemptions to the Government were criticized by the opposition and experts stating that the Right to privacy verdict is a fundamental right as per the supreme court's verdict and this exemptions don't ensure the satisfaction of the right to privacy.However Rajeev, MoS has countered that these exemptions are for such incidents where a disaster or terrorist activity occurs and government should be able to access such personal data to rescue people in disastrous situations, and/or identify people behind a terrorist activity. The MoS has further confirmed that the government is also under the obligation of protecting the personal data it has, the only exemption is, it can access that data in events concerning "national security".

 Obligation with Convention on the Rights of the Child 
The Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 requires data fiduciaries to obtain verifiable consent from a legal guardian before processing the personal data of a child (below 18 years). This would necessitate verifying the age of all users signing up for digital services to determine if they are minors and obtain parental consent. However, this verification process may compromise anonymity in the digital space, as it requires providing proof of age. These restrictions contravene India's obligations under the Convention on the Rights of the Child.

 See also 
Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019
Information privacy law
UK Data Protection Act 2018
EU General Data Protection Regulation
UK Data Protection Act 1998
Data security

 Notes 

 References 

G1812 Cangzhou–Yulin Expressway
The G1812 Cangzhou–Yulin Expressway (Chinese: 沧州—榆林高速公路), also referred to as the Cangyu Expressway (Chinese: 沧榆高速公路), is an expressway in China that connects Cangzhou, Hebei to Yulin, Shaanxi.

 Route 
The expressway travels through the provinces of Hebei, Shanxi and Shaanxi.

 Hebei 

 Cangzhou to Baoding 
The section from Cangzhou to Baoding has a total length of 122.5 kilometers and was opened to traffic on 20 December 2007.

 Baoding to Fuping 
The Baoding to Fuping section has a total length of 147.28 kilometers and was opened to traffic on 7 December 2011.

 Shanxi 

 Lingqiu to Xinfu 
The section from Lingqiu to Xinfu District has a total length of 124 kilometers was opened to traffic on 6 December 2011.

 Xinfu to Baode 
The Xinfu to Baode section has a total length of 192 kilometers and was opened to traffic on 30 December 2011.

 Shaanxi 

 Fugu to Shenmu 
The section from Fugu County to Shenmu has a total length of 56.9 kilometers and was opened to traffic on 16 December 2011.

 Shenmu to Yulin 
The Shenmu to Yulin section has a total length of 88.98 kilometers and was opened to traffic on 8 December 2009.

 References 

Diet for a New America (film)
Diet for a New America: Your Health, Your Planet is a 1991 American documentary film based on the 1987 book Diet for a New America by John Robbins. It  links the impacts of factory farming on human health, animal welfare and the environment, and generally advocates a vegetarian diet. The film is narrated by Robbins and features interviews with Dr. Michael Klaper, Professor T. Colin Campbell, and Dr. John A. McDougall.The film was produced by KCET, the Los Angeles PBS affiliate, and aired in several cities including Seattle and San Francisco.

 Further reading 
Iacobbo, Karen; Iacobbo, Michael (2004). Vegetarian America: A History. Praeger. ISBN 978-0-313-36164-7.

 See also 
List of vegan media

 References 

 External links 
Diet for a New America @ IMDb

Suleiman of Germiyan
Suleiman Shah (Old Anatolian Turkish: سليمان شاه; died 1387), also known as Shah Chelebī, was Bey of Germiyān in western Anatolia from 1361 until his death. His reign was initially peaceful, but he was eventually involved in a conflict with the Karamanids, which forced him to seek an alliance with the Ottoman state. He arranged the marriage of his daughter Devletşah Hatun and Murad I's son and successor, Bayezid. Although he secured an alliance with the Ottomans, Germiyān lost considerable land as Suleiman left numerous towns and smaller settlements for them to seize, including the capital Kütahya, as part of the dowry payment. Suleiman relocated to Kula and died there in 1387.

 Background 
Germiyān first appeared around Malatya in 1239 under Kaykhusraw II's rule of the Sultanate of Rum tasked to subdue Baba Ishāq, and in 1277, they were involved in the fight against Jimrī and Meḥmed of Karaman in western Anatolia. Yaʿḳūb I was the first Bey to rule the state of Germiyān. Although he initially accepted vassalage under Kayḳobād III, the Sultanate of Rum disintegrated shortly after. He was the suzerain of many of his neighbors, and his reign was described as being economically prosperous. He was succeeded by his son Meḥmed, nicknamed Chakhshādan, details about whose rule are largely unknown.

 Life 
Suleiman was the elder son of Meḥmed Chakhshādan, the second Bey of Germiyān. He ascended to throne upon the death of his father. Suleiman Shah's reign was initially peaceful. However, when Husam al-Dīn Ilyas of Hamid took refuge at his court from ʿAlāʾ al-Dīn of Karaman, Suleiman Shah assisted the Hamidids in recovering their lands lost to the Karamanids. This initiated a rivalry between ʿAlāʾ al-Dīn and Suleiman Shah.Suleiman Shah sought new alliances as protection from the neighboring Karamanids and the ever-expanding Ottomans. He arranged a marriage between his daughter Devletşah Hatun and Murad I's son Bayezid. Murad I accepted the offer, hoping to expand the Ottoman influence over Anatolia. He sent the Kadi of Bursa Mehmed Efendi, emir-i alem Aksungur Agha, as well as their consorts, Chavushbashi Demirhan, and the nanny of Bayezid to Kütahya to formally request marriage with Suleiman's daughter. Suleiman Shah  dispatched the Islamic scholar Ishak Fakih to the Ottoman capital, who returned with a gift from the Ottomans including the famous Germiyan atlas, Denizli clothes, silver, and gold. Moreover, Suleiman gave Kütahya, Simav, Eğrigöz, and Tavşanlı to the Ottomans as part of the dowry. Apart from these towns, many smaller settlements were seized by a force of 2–3,000 Ottoman troops escorting the wedding convoy. The exact reason why he left the capital to the Ottomans is a matter of dispute. Ottoman chroniclers explained it through the rivalry between Karaman and Germiyan and the latter's preference for Ottoman protection. The wedding took place in 1381 in Kütahya, after which Bayezid became the governor of Kütahya, and Suleiman Shah had to recede to Kula, where he died in early 1387 (before April that year) and was buried in Gürhane Medrese.Suleiman Shah was described as a generous ruler, and many literary works were produced under him. Suleiman had Shaykh-oghlu Muṣṭafā, who was the nishānji, defterdār, and treasurer at Suleiman's court, translate several Persian works to Turkish, Ḳābūs-nāme and Marzbān-nāme. Shaykh-oghlu has also authored a prose, Kanz al-kubarāʾ, and a verse romance, Khurshīdnāme, dedicated to Suleiman Shah. Manuscripts of these works are kept in Istanbul, London, and Paris. Poet Ahmedī first devoted his Iskendernāme to Suleiman Shah but after his death, added a part about the Ottomans and Bayezid I's son Suleiman Chelebī, finalizing the work in February 1390.

 Family 
Suleiman Shah had two known consorts: A daughter of Umur of Aydın and Mutahhare Abide Hatun, who was the daughter of Sultan Walad, son of the famous Sufi scholar and poet Rumi. Suleiman's offspring included Hizir Pasha, Burhān al-Dīn Ilyas Pasha, Ḳurd Abdāl, and Devletşah Hatun, born to Mutahhare Abide Hatun, and his successor Yaʿḳūb II, born to the daughter of Umur. Apart from Devletşah Hatun, Suleiman had numerous other daughters.

 Notes 

 References 

 Bibliography 
Mélikoff, I. (1965). "Germiyān-Og̲h̲ullari̊̊". In Lewis, B.; Pellat, Ch. & Schacht, J. (eds.). The Encyclopaedia of Islam, Second Edition. Volume II: C–G. Leiden: E. J. Brill. OCLC 495469475.
Turgut, Vedat (2017). "Germiyanoğulları'nın Menşei, Vakıfları ve Batı Anadolu'nun Türkleşmesi Meselesi Üzerine". The Journal of Social and Cultural Studies (in Turkish). III (5): 1–98. Retrieved 9 January 2024.
Tütüncü, Mehmet (May 2015). "Seyitgazi Kurd Abdal Vakfiyesi - 1369 Yılı". Tarih ve  Düşünce Dergisi (in Turkish): 16–23. Retrieved 9 January 2024.
Uzunçarşılı, İsmail Hakkı (1969). Anadolu Beylikleri Ve Akkoyunlu, Karakoyunlu Devletleri [Anatolian Beyliks and Aq Qoyunlu, Qara Qoyunlu States] (in Turkish). Turkish Historical Society Press. Retrieved 8 January 2024.
Varlık, Mustafa Çetin (1974). Germiyan-oğulları tarihi (1300-1429) (in Turkish). Ankara. Retrieved 8 January 2024.:  CS1 maint: location missing publisher (link)
Varlık, Mustafa Çetin (1996). "Germiyanoğulları". TDV Encyclopedia of Islam, Vol. 14 (Geli̇bolu – Haddesenâ) (in Turkish). Istanbul: Turkiye Diyanet Foundation, Centre for Islamic Studies. pp. 33–35. ISBN 978-975-389-441-8.

2024 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's slalom
The men's slalom in the 2024 FIS Alpine Skiing World Cup is currently scheduled to consist of twelve events, including the discipline final. Due to three prior cancellations in other disciplines, the first men's race of the entire season was the slalom held at Gurgl, Austria on 18 November 2023.  During the season, one slalom was canceled (as discussed below) and not rescheduled.

 Season summary 
On 27 October 2023, two days before the scheduled opening of the men's World Cup season, Lucas Braathen, the 23-year-old Norwegian who was the defending champion in the slalom discipline, announced his retirement from professional Alpine skiing, as part of a dispute with the Norwegian ski federation over his individual commercial rights. The surprising aftermath of that decision was an Austrian podium sweep in Gurgl, the first race of the season, with Manuel Feller defeating Marco Schwarz and Michael Matt. The Austrian victory ended a streak of 17 slaloms without an Austrian victory, dating back to January 2022. However, the next scheduled race, in Val d'Isère on 10 December, was canceled due to a mix of overnight rain followed by new snow and high winds. When the second race was finally held in Madonna di Campiglio, Marco Schwarz won it, coming from sixth after the first run, and took over the season lead in both the discipline and the overall men's World Cup. By the next slalom, Schwarz had suffered a season-ending injury, but Feller won by .02 seconds to maintain the Austrian domination and also regain the overall lead for the season.In the next two slaloms, at the downhill/slalom festivals in Wengen (SUI) and Kitzbühel (AUT), Feller won and then finished fourth (behind German Linus Straßer, who grew up and learned to ski at Kitzbühel), opening up an almost 200-point lead in the discipline.. Straßer also won the night slalom at Schlamding, less than 100 miles away, four days later to move into second overall in the discipline for the season.The next race, held in poor snow conditions in Chamonix, France after two prior races had already been canceled due to warm temperatures, featured a history-making comeback by Swiss slalom specialist Daniel Yule. Yule made a huge blunder on the first run and was the last of the 30 racers who qualified for the second run, meaning that he would start first, almost two seconds behind the leader; however, he put down a great second run and then sat in the leader's chair as all 29 remaining racers came down the increasingly melting and rutted course, with only two (his countryman Loïc Meillard and first-run leader Clément Noël of France) even managing to get within 0.3 of his total time, thus making Yule the first World Cup men's slalom skier ever to advance from 30th after the first run to 1st after the second run.

 Finals 
The World Cup discipline finals are scheduled to take place on Sunday, 17 March 2024, in Saalbach-Hinterglemm, Austria.  Only the top 25 in the slalom discipline ranking and the winner of the Junior World Championship will be eligible to compete in the final, except that all skiers who have scored at least 500 points in the overall classification will be eligible to compete in any discipline. Because of the reduced field size, only the top 15 finishers in the discipline final will score points.

 Standings 

 Legend 

DNQ = Did not qualify for run 2
DNF1 = Did not finish run 1
DSQ1 = Disqualified run 1
DNF2 = Did not finish run 2
DSQ2 = Disqualified run 2
DNS2 = Did not start run 2

Updated at 4 February 2024, after seven events and one cancellation

 See also 
2024 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's summary rankings
2024 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's overall
2024 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's downhill
2024 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's super-G
2024 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's giant slalom
World Cup scoring system

 References 

 External links 
Alpine skiing at FIS website

Daylight saving time in Australia
Each state and territory of Australia determines whether or not to use daylight saving time (DST). However, during World War I and World War II all states and territories had daylight saving by federal law, under the defence power in section 51 of the constitution. In 1968, Tasmania was the first state since the war to adopt daylight saving. In 1971, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Victoria, and the Australian Capital Territory also adopted daylight saving, while Western Australia and the Northern Territory did not. Queensland abandoned daylight saving in 1972. Queensland and Western Australia have observed daylight saving over the past 40 years from time to time on a trial basis.
As of 2024, New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia observe DST every year, while Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia do not. This causes the mainland's three standard time zones to increase to five during the daylight-saving period. South Australia time diverges from Northern Territory time to become UTC+10:30, known as Central Daylight Time (CDT) or Australia Central Daylight Time (ACDT), while the time in the southeastern states diverges from Queensland time to become UTC+11:00, known as Eastern Daylight Time (EDT) or Australia Eastern Daylight Time (AEDT).
Officially, the change to and from DST takes place at 02:00 local standard time (which is 03:00 DST) on the appropriate Sunday. Of the states that observe DST, most began on the last Sunday in October, and ended on the last Sunday in March, until 2007. Tasmania, owing to its further southern latitude began DST earlier, on the first Sunday in October, and ended on the last Sunday in March. In the 2007–08 season, Tasmania started on the first Sunday in October whilst the ACT, NSW, Vic and SA started in the last Sunday in October. As part of the transition to earlier daylight saving, those states and Tasmania all finished on the first Sunday in April. For subsequent years, DST in the south-eastern states and SA now starts on the first Sunday in October, finishing on the first Sunday in April the next year. Western Australia was not affected by these changes to DST, being the only state in 2007–08 to observe daylight saving from the last Sunday in October to the last Sunday in March. However, since 2009, it is on Standard time all year round.

 Debate over daylight saving time – trials, referendums and politics 

 Queensland 
Queensland had a particularly involved debate over daylight-saving time, with public opinion geographically divided. A referendum on daylight saving was held on 22 February 1992, following a three-year trial (1989/90 – 1991/92), and was defeated with a 54.5% 'no' vote. The referendum result displayed a distinct trend – that public opinion on daylight saving in Queensland is geographically divided, with the 'no' vote strongest in the north and west regional districts, while the 'yes' vote was strongest in the state's metropolitan south-east.Since the early 2000s, there have been a number of petitions submitted to Queensland Parliament, lobbying for the introduction of daylight-saving time or for another referendum to be held. A petition in 2006 was signed by 62,232 people. In response to these petitions, then Queensland Premier Peter Beattie commissioned research to find out if daylight-saving time should be re-introduced into Queensland. Around this time, Premier Peter Beattie claimed that daylight-saving time in Queensland would increase the rate of skin cancer in the state, an unfounded claim for which there is no evidence according to the Queensland Cancer Fund.In October 2007, the completed government-commissioned research was presented to a newly sworn-in Premier Anna Bligh, who ruled out holding a new referendum, despite the report indicating 59% of Queensland residents and 69% of South East Queenslanders to be in favour of adopting daylight-saving time.In December 2008, the Daylight Saving for South East Queensland (DS4SEQ) political Party was officially registered, advocating the implementation of a dual-time zone arrangement for daylight saving time in South East Queensland while the remainder of the state maintains standard time. The party contested the March 2009 Queensland State election with 32 candidates and received around one percent of the statewide primary vote, equating to around 2.5% across the 32 electorates contested.In early 2010, the DS4SEQ political party approached independent Member, Peter Wellington, to introduce a private member's Bill for daylight saving. As Wellington agreed with the principles of the DS4SEQ proposal, specifically the dual time zone arrangement, he drafted the Daylight Saving for South East Queensland Referendum Bill 2010 and tabled the Bill into Queensland Parliament on 14 April 2010. Wellington has called for a referendum to be held at the next State election on the introduction of daylight saving into south-east Queensland under a dual-time zone arrangement.
In response to this Bill, Premier of Queensland, Anna Bligh, announced a community consultation process, which resulted in over 74,000 respondents participating, 64 percent of whom voted in favour of a trial and 63% were in favour of holding a referendum. The decision announced by the Premier on 7 June 2010 was that her Government would not support the Bill, because regional Queenslanders were overwhelmingly opposed to daylight saving. The Bill was defeated in Queensland Parliament on 15 June 2011.

 Western Australia 
Western Australia also had a particularly involved debate over daylight-saving time, with the issue being put to a referendum four times, 1975, 1984, 1992 and 2009. All were defeated. Voters returned a "no" vote of 54.57% in 2009, the highest in all four referendums. Each referendum followed a trial period during which the state observed daylight saving time. The first three followed a one-year trial, while the 2006 Western Australian Daylight Saving Bill (No. 2) 2006 instituted a daylight-saving trial that began on 3 December 2006 and lasted for three years.

 Special events 
In 2000, all eastern jurisdictions that normally observe daylight-saving time – New South Wales, Victoria, the Australian Capital Territory and Tasmania – started daylight-saving time early, due to the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. These jurisdictions changed on 27 August 2000. South Australia did not change until the regular time, which that year was on 29 October.
In 2006, all states that followed daylight-saving time (the above listed states plus South Australia) delayed the return to their respective Standard Times by a week, due to the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne. Daylight-saving time ended on 2 April 2006.

 History 
Daylight saving was first used in Australia during World War I, and was applied in all states. It was used again during the Second World War. A drought in Tasmania in 1967 led to the reintroduction of daylight saving in that state during the summer, and this was repeated every summer since then. In 1971, New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Australia, and the Australian Capital Territory followed Tasmania by observing daylight saving. Western Australia and the Northern Territory did not. Queensland abandoned daylight saving time in 1972.Originally Tasmania alone commenced daylight saving on the first Sunday in October, while the other states began on the last Sunday in October and finished on the last Sunday in March, until 2008.
From 2008/09 daylight saving has been extended another four weeks in NSW, Victoria, SA and the ACT, in addition to Tasmania, from the first Sunday in October to the first Sunday in April.
Queensland again trialled daylight saving, for three years between 1989 and 1992, with a referendum on daylight saving held on 22 February 1992, which was defeated with a 54.5% 'no' vote – with regional and rural areas strongly opposed, while those in the metropolitan South East Queensland were in favour.In December 2008, the  Daylight Saving for South East Queensland (DS4SEQ) political party was officially registered, advocating the implementation of a dual-time zone arrangement for Daylight Saving in South East Queensland while the rest of the state maintains standard time. The party contested the March 2009 Queensland State election with 32 candidates and received around one percent of the statewide primary vote, equating to around 2.5% across the 32 electorates contested.On 14 April 2010, and after being approached by the Daylight Saving for South East Queensland (DS4SEQ) political party, Queensland Independent member Peter Wellington, introduced the Daylight Saving for South East Queensland Referendum Bill 2010 into Queensland Parliament, calling for a referendum to be held at the next State election on the introduction of daylight saving into South East Queensland under a dual-time zone arrangement. The Bill was defeated in Queensland Parliament on 15 June 2011.In Western Australia, four referendums in 1975, 1984, 1992 and 2009 have rejected DST.
In 2006, the Parliament of Western Australia approved a three-year daylight saving trial to be followed by a referendum to decide whether DST should be put in place permanently. However, public opposition mounted during the first year of the trial, and the WA Nationals announced a public campaign to bring the referendum forward to 2007. The trial continued until the referendum, held on 16 May 2009. The result was another rejection of DST, by a larger margin compared to the three previous referendums. Although as previously the suburbs of the state capital, Perth, supported the proposal, it was by a much narrower margin than before with significant swings against it in several areas, most notably in the East Metropolitan region. As a result, the then Premier Colin Barnett said that the DST issue should not be considered for at least another 20 years.Despite this, in September 2016 the Daylight Saving Party was established by brothers Brett and Wilson Tucker to contest seats in the Legislative Council at the upcoming 2017 state election. Tucker argued that in the seven years since the last referendum there had been a generational shift in Western Australia and that the fifth referendum would be successful. The party won 0.68% of the vote, or 9,209 votes statewide, but failed to win any seat in the Legislative Council. Wilson Tucker went on to win a seat in the Legislative Council at the 2021 election with only 0.18% of the primary vote.
The Northern Territory experimented with daylight saving in the early part of the 20th century. It was last used in 1944.
In September 2020, Monash University Professor of Diabetes Paul Zimmet claimed that the switch to daylight saving time caused an increase in heart attacks, road accidents, workplace accidents, and cognitive dysfunction, and could amplify the health issues during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, Premier of Victoria Daniel Andrews responded that daylight saving would be part of the forthcoming summer season.Daylight saving was widely believed to be introduced as a consumer spending initiative by local councils and tourism boards throughout New South Wales.

 See also 
Time in Australia

 Sources 
Pearce, C. (2017) "Daylight saving time in Queensland", Queensland History Journal 23 (6) 389–403.

 References 

 External links 
Table of historical start and end dates for daylight saving periods in Australia

Madame de Montesson
Charlotte-Jeanne Béraud de La Haye de Riou (4 October 1738 – 6 February 1806) was a mistress to Louis Philippe d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans, and ultimately, his wife; however, Louis XV would not allow her to become the Duchess. She wrote and acted in several plays. She is known simply as Madame de Montesson.

 Life 
Charlotte-Jeanne Béraud de La Haye de Riou was born in Paris of an old Breton family.
On 11 October 1757, she married the seventy-year-old widower Jean Baptiste, Marquis of Montesson, who died in 1769. Her beauty and intelligence attracted the attention of the widowed Louis Philippe d'Orléans, the fat (his wife Louise Henriette de Bourbon had died in 1759), whom she secretly married in 1773 with the authorisation of Louis XV of France. After her marriage to the Duke of Orléans, a member of the royal family and a Prince du Sang, her low rank did not allow her the title of Duchess of Orléans.
For her husband's amusement and her own, she set up a little theater and wrote several plays, in the acting of which she herself took part.
She was arrested on 20 April 1793 (1 floréal an II of the Republican calendar) during the Terror, and first imprisoned in the La Force prison in Paris. She was released on 28 September 1794 (after the fall of Maximilien Robespierre), befriended Joséphine de Beauharnais, and was a prominent figure at the beginning of the empire.

 Works 
The best edition of her works appeared under the title of Œuvres anonymes in 1782–1785. See Charles Collé, Journal (1868); the Memoirs of St Simon, Madame de Genlis, the duchesse d'Abrantes and Mme de Levis; G Strenger, "La Société de la marquise de Montesson," in the Nouvelle revue (1902); J Turquan, Madame de Montesson douairière d'Orléans (Paris, 1904); and G. Capon and R Yves-Plessis, Les Théâtres clandestins du xviii' siècle (1904).

 References 
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Montesson, Charlotte Jeanne Béraud de la Haye de Riou, Marquise de". Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press.

Northern and Southern dynasties
The Northern and Southern dynasties (Chinese: 南北朝; pinyin: Nán běi cháo) was a period of political division in the history of China that lasted from 420 to 589, following the tumultuous era of the Sixteen Kingdoms and the Eastern Jin dynasty. It is sometimes considered as the latter part of a longer period known as the Six Dynasties (220–589). Albeit an age of civil war and political chaos, it was also a time of flourishing arts and culture, advancement in technology, and the spread of Mahayana Buddhism and Daoism. The period saw large-scale migration of the Han people to the lands south of the Yangtze. The period came to an end with the unification of all of China proper by Emperor Wen of the Sui dynasty.
During this period, the process of sinicization accelerated among the non-Han ethnicities in the north and among the indigenous peoples in the south. This process was also accompanied by the increasing popularity of Buddhism (introduced into China in the 1st century) in both northern and southern China and Daoism gaining influence as well, with two essential Daoist canons written during this period.
Notable technological advances occurred during this period. The invention of the stirrup during the earlier Jin dynasty (266–420) helped spur the development of heavy cavalry as a combat standard. Historians also note advances in medicine, astronomy, mathematics, and cartography. Intellectuals of the period include the mathematician and astronomer Zu Chongzhi (429–500), and astronomer Tao Hongjing.

 Background 

After the collapse of a unified China proper under the Eastern Han dynasty in 220 due in large part to the Yellow Turban and the Five Pecks of Rice rebellions, China eventually coalesced into the Three Kingdoms. Of these, Cao Wei was the strongest, followed by Eastern Wu and Shu Han, but they were initially in a relatively stable formation. After a 249 coup by Sima Yi, the Sima family essentially controlled Cao Wei and the conquest of Shu Han by Cao Wei rapidly followed.
Following a failed coup by the ruling Cao family against the Sima family, the final Cao ruler abdicated. Sima Yan (Emperor Wu of Jin) then founded the Western Jin dynasty and the conquest of Eastern Wu by Western Jin occurred in 280, ending the Three Kingdoms period and reuniting China proper.
The Western Jin dynasty was severely weakened due to the War of the Eight Princes from 291 to 306. During the reigns of Emperor Huai of Jin and Emperor Min of Jin, the empire was put into grave danger by the uprising of northern non-Han peoples collectively known as the Five Barbarians. Numerous nomadic tribal groups had been forcibly resettled in northern and northwestern China during previous centuries. When the warring princes heavily drafted these tribes into the military, they mutinied and exploited the civil wars to seize power. Their armies almost destroyed the dynasty in the Disaster of Yongjia of 311, when the Five Barbarians sacked Luoyang. Chang'an met a similar fate in 316.
However, a scion of the imperial house, Sima Rui (Emperor Yuan of Jin) fled south of the Huai River and reestablished the dynasty, known in historiography as the Eastern Jin dynasty. Cementing their power in the south, the Eastern Jin established Jiankang on the existing site of Jianye (now Nanjing) as their new capital.
In the north, the Five Barbarians established numerous short-lived dynasties, leading to the period known as the Sixteen Kingdoms in historiography. Eventually, the Northern Wei dynasty conquered the rest of the northern states in 439 and unified northern China. Although the Eastern Jin and successive southern dynasties were well-defended from the northern dynasties by their placement of naval fleets along the Yangtze, they suffered various problems related to the creation and maintenance of military strength. The court's designation of specific households for military service through the tuntian system eventually led to a fall in their social status, causing widespread desertion of troops. Faced with shortage of troops, Eastern Jin generals were often sent on campaigns to capture non-Han indigenous peoples in the south to draft them into the military. The Eastern Jin dynasty fell not because of external invasion, however, but because Liu Yu (Emperor Wu of Liu Song) seized the throne from the Emperor Gong of Jin and founded the Liu Song dynasty, which officially began the Northern and Southern dynasties period.

 Northern dynasties 

The Northern dynasties began in 439 when the Northern Wei conquered the Northern Liang to unite northern China and ended in 589 when the Sui dynasty extinguished the Chen dynasty. It can be divided into three time periods: Northern Wei; Eastern and Western Weis; Northern Qi and Northern Zhou. The Northern, Eastern, and Western Wei along with the Northern Zhou were established by the Xianbei people while the Northern Qi was established by a Xianbei-influenced ethnic Han.
In the north, local ethnic Han gentry clans responded to the chaos by constructing fortified villages. Clans would then carve de facto fiefs out of these highly cohesive family-based self-defense communities. Lesser peasant families would work for the dominant clan as tenants or serfs. The chaos also led these Han gentry families to avoid government service, before the Northern Wei court launched the sinicization movement. Northern gentry were therefore highly militarized as compared to their refined southern counterparts, and this distinction persisted well into the Sui and Tang dynasties centuries later.

 Northern Wei (386–535) 

 Rise to power 
In the Sixteen Kingdoms period, the Tuoba family of the Xianbei were the rulers of the state of Dai (Sixteen Kingdoms). Although it was conquered by the Former Qin, the defeat of the Former Qin at the Battle of Fei River resulted in the collapse of the Former Qin. The grandson of the last prince of Dai Tuoba Shiyijian, Tuoba Gui restored the fortunes of the Tuoba clan, renaming his state Wei (now known as Northern Wei) with its capital at Shengle (near modern Hohhot).  Under the rule of Emperors Daowu (Tuoba Gui), Mingyuan, and Taiwu, the Northern Wei progressively expanded. The establishment of the early Northern Wei state and the economy were also greatly indebted to the father-son pair of Cui Hong and Cui Hao. Tuoba Gui engaged in numerous conflicts with the Later Yan that ended favorably for the Northern Wei after they received help from Zhang Gun that allowed them to destroy the Later Yan army at the Battle of Canhe Slope. Following this victory, Tuoba Gui conquered the Later Yan capital of Pingcheng (modern-day Datong). That same year he declared himself Emperor Daowu.
Due to Emperor Daowu's cruelty, he was killed by his son Tuoba Shao, but crown prince Tuoba Si managed to defeat Tuoba Shao and took the throne as Emperor Mingyuan. Though he managed to conquer Liu Song's province of Henan, he died soon afterward. Emperor Mingyuan's son Tuoba Tao took the throne as Emperor Taiwu. Due to Emperor Taiwu's energetic efforts, Northern Wei's strength greatly increased, allowing them to repeatedly attack Liu Song. After dealing with the Rouran threat to his northern flank, he engaged in a war to unite northern China. With the fall of the Northern Liang in 439, Emperor Taiwu united northern China, ending the Sixteen Kingdoms period and beginning the Northern and Southern dynasties period with their southern rivals, the Liu Song.

Even though it was a time of great military strength for the Northern Wei, Rouran harassment from the north forced them to divert their focus from their southern expeditions. After uniting the north, Emperor Taiwu also conquered the powerful Shanshan kingdom and subjugated the other kingdoms of Xiyu (Western Regions). In 450, Emperor Taiwu once again attacked the Liu Song and reached Guabu (瓜步, in modern Nanjing, Jiangsu), threatening to cross the river to attack Jiankang, the Liu Song capital. Though up to this point, the Northern Wei military forces dominated the Liu Song forces, they took heavy casualties. The Northern Wei forces plundered numerous households before returning north.

At this point, followers of the Buddhist Gai Wu (蓋吳) rebelled. After pacifying this rebellion, Emperor Taiwu, under the advice of his Daoist prime minister Cui Hao, proscribed Buddhism — the first of the persecutions of Chinese Buddhism known as the Three Disasters of Wu. At this late stage in his life, Emperor Taiwu meted out cruel punishments, which led to his death in 452 at the hands of the eunuch Zong Ai. His death sparked off turmoil that only ended with the ascension of Emperor Wencheng later that same year. Wang Yu, an ethnic Qiang court eunuch and the favourite of Empress Dowager Wenming, patronized Buddhism lavishly. He constructed Cave 9-10, the most highly decorated of the Yungang Grottoes, and had a temple constructed in 488 at Lirun, Fengyi (modern day Chengcheng), which was his birthplace according to the Booke of Wei. Wang Yu may have been castrated during the suppression of a 446 Qiang rebellion since the Northern Wei would castrate rebel tribes' young elite.In the first half of the Northern Wei dynasty, the Xianbei steppe tribesmen who dominated northern China kept a policy of strict social distinction between them and their Han subjects. Ethnic Han were drafted into the bureaucracy, employed as officials to collect taxes, etc. However, the Han were kept out of many higher positions of power. They also represented the minority of the populace where centers of power were located.

 Sinicization 
Widespread social and cultural transformation in northern China came with Emperor Xiaowen of Northern Wei (reigned 471–499), whose father was a Xianbei, but whose mother was Han. Although of the Tuoba Clan from the Xianbei tribe, Emperor Xiaowen asserted his dual Xianbei-Han identity, renaming his own clan "Yuan" (元). In the year 493 Emperor Xiaowen instituted a new sinification program that had the Xianbei elites conform to many Han standards. These social reforms included donning Han clothing (banning Xianbei clothing at court), learning the Han language (if under the age of thirty), converting Xianbei family names to one-character Han surnames, and encouraging high-ranking Xianbei and Han families to intermarry. Emperor Xiaowen also moved the capital city from Pingcheng to one of China's old imperial sites, Luoyang, which had been the capital during the earlier Eastern Han and Western Jin dynasties. The new capital at Luoyang was revived and transformed, with roughly 150,000 Xianbei and other northern warriors moved from north to south by the year 495 to serve in the capital. Within a couple of decades, the population rose to about half a million residents and was famed for being home to over a thousand Buddhist temples. Defectors from the south, such as Wang Su of the prestigious Langye Wang family, were largely accommodated and felt at home with the establishment of their own Wu quarter in Luoyang (this quarter of the city was home to over three thousand families). They were even served tea (by this time gaining popularity in southern China) at court instead of the yogurt drinks commonly found in the north.

Beginning in the 480s, the Northern Wei arranged for Han elites to marry daughters of the Xianbei Tuoba imperial family. More than fifty per cent of Tuoba Xianbei princesses of the Northern Wei were married to southern Han men from the imperial families and aristocrats of the southern dynasties, who defected and moved north to join the Northern Wei. Several daughters of the Xianbei Emperor Xiaowen of Northern Wei married Han elites: the Liu Song royal Liu Hui (刘辉), married Princess Lanling (蘭陵公主) of the Northern Wei, Princess Huayang (華陽公主) to Sima Fei (司馬朏), a descendant of Jin royalty, Princess Jinan (濟南公主) to Lu Daoqian (盧道虔), Princess Nanyang (南阳长公主) to Xiao Baoyin, a member of Southern Qi royalty. Emperor Xiaozhuang of Northern Wei's sister the Shouyang Princess was wedded to Emperor Wu of Liang's son Xiao Zong. According to the Book of Zhou, Emperor Xiaowu of Northern Wei's sister was married to the ethnic Han Zhang Huan, son of Zhang Qiong. When the Eastern Jin dynasty ended, Northern Wei received the Jin prince Sima Chuzhi as a refugee, and he married a Northern Wei Princess. Their son Sima Jinlong in turn married Northern Liang Xiongnu King Juqu Mujian's daughter.In the year 523, Prince Dongyang of the Northern Wei was sent to Dunhuang to serve as its governor for a term of fifteen years. With Buddhism gaining mainstream acceptance in Chinese society, Prince Dongyang and local wealthy families set out to establish a monumental project in honor of Buddhism, carving and decorating Cave 285 of the Mogao Caves with beautiful statues and murals. Such promotion of the arts would continue for centuries at Dunhuang and is now one of China's greatest tourist attractions.

 Split into Eastern Wei (534–550) and Western Wei (535–557) 

In the year 523, a revolt of several military garrisons broke out, the Rebellion of the Six Garrisons (Liu Zhen). The revolt was caused by a food shortage far north of Luoyang. After the rebels force was suppressed, the government had 200,000 surrendered garrison rebels deployed to Hebei, which proved later to be a mistake when a former garrison officer organized another rebellion in the years 526–527. The underlying cause of these wars was the growing rift between the governing aristocracy which was increasingly adopting Han-style sedentary policies and lifestyles and their nomadic tribal armies who continued to preserve the old steppe way of life.The Northern Wei court was betrayed by one of their own generals, who had the empress dowager and the young emperor thrown into the Yellow River while establishing his own puppet ruler to maintain authority. As conflict swelled in the north between successive leaders, Gao Huan took control of the east and Luoyang (holding Emperor Xiaojing of Eastern Wei as a puppet ruler) by 534, while his rival Yuwen Tai took control of the west and the traditional Chinese capital of Chang'an by 535. The Western regime was dominated by the sinicized nobles and their Han bureaucrats while the Eastern regime was controlled by the traditional steppe tribes.

 Northern Qi (550–577) and Northern Zhou (557–581) 

Eventually, Gao Huan's son Gao Yang forced the Eastern Wei emperor to abdicate in favor of his claim to the throne, establishing the Northern Qi dynasty (551–577). Afterward, Yuwen Tai's son Yuwen Jue seized the throne of power from Emperor Gong of Western Wei, establishing the Northern Zhou dynasty (557–580). 
The Northern Qi inherited the primary recruiting grounds of the Northern Wei army; previously, five out of six Northern Wei military officers came from the eastern territories, particularly the local armed forts of Han military families and steppe tribes who had settled in these areas. The members of these military families, both men and women, were often expert riders and archers.Like its predecessor the Western Wei, the Northern Zhou reacted against sinicization by trying to revive Xianbei warrior culture: reviving Xianbei tunics, trousers and boots, reverting sinicized surnames into Xianbei names and even giving Han officers Xianbei surnames. This "tribalization" policy was intended to convert large numbers of Han Chinese army recruits into "Xianbei" who would pay for their own equipment in exchange for tax exemptions. The policy was highly successful in boosting the state's military strength.The Northern Zhou dynasty was able to defeat and conquer Northern Qi in 577, reunifying the north. However, this success was short-lived, as the Northern Zhou was overthrown in 581 by Yang Jian, who became Emperor Wen of Sui.
With greater military power and morale, along with convincing propaganda that the Chen dynasty ruler Chen Shubao was a decadent ruler who had lost the Mandate of Heaven, the Sui Dynasty was able to effectively conquer the south. After this conquest, the whole of China entered a new golden age of reunification under the centralization of the short-lived Sui dynasty and the succeeding Tang dynasty (618–907).
The core elite of the Northern dynasties, mixed-culture, and mixed-ethnicity military clans, would later also form the founding elites of the Sui and Tang dynasties. Hence, they tended to have a flexible approach to steppe nomads, viewing them as possible partners rather than intrinsic enemies.

 Southern dynasties 

The Jin were succeeded by a series of short-lived dynasties: Liu Song (420–479), Southern Qi (479–502), Liang (502–557) and Chen (557–589). As all of these dynasties had their capital at Jiankang (except for a brief interlude from 552 to 555), they are sometimes grouped together with Eastern Wu and Eastern Jin under the historiographic term "the Six Dynasties". The rulers of these short-lived dynasties were generals who seized and then held power for several decades but were unable to securely pass power of rule onto their heirs to continue their dynasty successfully. Emperor Wu of Liang (502–549) was the most notable ruler of his age, being a patron of the arts and of Buddhism.
The Southern dynasties, except for the last Chen dynasty, were strongly dominated by the shijia, the great families, who monopolized political power until the mid-6th century. This class was created by Cao Cao during the late Han dynasty when he attempted to consolidate his power by building an endogenous military caste of professional soldiers. His policy led to the rise and usurpation of the Sima family who established the Jin dynasty; subsequent leaders were similarly unable to bring the other great families in line. The Jin dynasty's flight south greatly exacerbated the weakness of the central government, and the great families who accompanied the Emperor in his flight, along with the most wealthy clans of earlier settlers along the Zhejiang coast, were the primary power brokers in the Eastern Jin. With the greatly increased importance of proving one's pedigree to receive privileges, there was a rise in compiling of genealogy records, and the great families moved to legally outlaw intermarriage with common families. The lower class Northern migrants were forced to become "guests" (dependents) of the great families who established private guard forces with their new retainers. When the Eastern Jin attempted to draft the dependents of the great families, the court was quickly overthrown.However, with the fall of the Eastern Jin in 420, the balance of power shifted in favour the central government. The subsequent Liu Song, Qi, Liang and Chen dynasties were ruled by military leaders from lowly social backgrounds. They gradually stripped the powerful clans of military power, authority and wealth. The emperors stationed regional armies around the country under the command of their imperial relatives, recruited officers from humble backgrounds and appointed low-ranking officials to monitor the powerful elites occupying the top government posts. The southern aristocracy declined with the rise of the Indian Ocean trade in the mid 5th century, which led to the court revenues shifting to trade and the disappearance of the caste by the Chen dynasty. As landowning aristocrats were unable to convert cash from the produce of their estates, the resurgence of trade and the money-based economy forced them to break up and sell their lands to the burgeoning merchant class. Influential merchants increasingly occupied political offices, displacing the old aristocrats. On the other hand, the economic developments also drove peasants, unable to cope with inflation or to pay taxes in cash, to become mercenary soldiers, wandering through the country selling their services to the warring princes and plundering the populace. These upheavals devastated the south which eased the fall of the south to the Sui dynasty.Under the later waning leadership of the Chen dynasty, the southern Chinese were unable to resist the military power amassed in the north by Yang Jian, who declared himself Emperor Wen of Sui and invaded the south.
Aboriginal chiefs played an important active role in adapting to the dominant Chinese structure, rather than being forcibly subjugated. For instance, the aboriginal chief Lady Xian who married the Liang court's governor Feng Bao, helped to extend the dynasties' authority while preserving autonomy and local culture. Lady Xian and Feng Bao played a critical role in assisting Chen Baxian's rise, and in stabilising the region between the Liang, Chen, and Sui dynasties. The court acknowledged her authority by awarding her with official titles and emblems of power. There were many other local chieftains of mixed origins between Guangzhou and modern Vietnam that displayed mixed traits of both aboriginal and sinicized culture, such as the Ning of Qinzhou, the Li of Guizhou-Tengzhou and the Chen of Shuangzhou. These families functioned both as cheftains to the natives and bureaucrats to the court.

 Liu Song (420–479) 

Liu Song founder Liu Yu was originally a leader of the Army of the Northern Garrison (Chinese: 北府軍) that notably won the Battle of Fei River in 383. In 404, he helped suppress Huan Xuan's rebellion, leading to his dominance over the Eastern Jin court. In order to gain popularity to take the throne he led expeditions against the Sixteen Kingdoms, capturing Shandong, Henan and, briefly, Guanzhong by 416. He gave up Guanzhong to try to take the throne. Because he believed in a prophecy saying there would be one more emperor after Emperor An, he deposed the former and, soon afterwards, his replacement, Emperor Gong in 420, ending the Eastern Jin dynasty.
Even after crowning himself Emperor Wu, Liu Yu remained frugal. However, he did not care for education and trusted unsavory people. He felt that the nobility had too much power, so he tended to appoint the lower classes to government positions and gave military power to imperial kinsmen. Ironically, because the imperial kinsmen stabilized their military power and wished to gain political power, Emperor Wu was afraid they would have thoughts of usurping the throne. Thus, he also frequently killed his kinsmen.
After the death of Emperor Wu, his son Emperor Shao ruled briefly before being judged incompetent and killed by government officials led by Xu Xianzhi, replacing him with Emperor Wen, a different son, who soon killed the officials who supported him. Emperor Wen's reign was a period of relative political stability because of his frugality and good government; the period was called the Reign of Yuanjia (Chinese: 元嘉之治).
In 430, Emperor Wen started a number of northern expeditions against Northern Wei. These were ineffective because of insufficient preparations and excessive micromanagement of his generals, increasingly weakening the dynasty. Because of his jealousy of Tan Daoji, a noted leader of the Army of the Northern Garrison, he deprived himself of a formidable general to the great delight of the Northern Wei. Thus, they were unable to capitalize when Northern Wei suffered the Wuqi Incident. Starting in 445, Northern Wei, taking advantage of Liu Song's weakness, made major incursions in the lands between the Yangtze and the Huai (modern Shandong, Hebei, and Henan) and devastating six provinces. Emperor Wen lamented that if Tan were still alive, he would have prevented Northern Wei advances. From then on, Liu Song was in a weakened state.
Emperor Wen was assassinated by Crown Prince Shao and Second Prince Jun in 453 after planning to punish them for witchcraft. However, they were both defeated by Third Prince Jun, who become Emperor Xiaowu.  proved to be licentious and cruel, supposedly committing incest with the daughters of an uncle who had helped him gain the throne; his rivals also claimed he had incest with his mother. This led to two rebellions by the imperial clan, one of which saw him slaughter the inhabitants of Guangling. The following ballad gives an idea of those times:

遙望建康城， Looking toward Jiankang city
小江逆流縈， the little river flows against the current
前見子殺父， in front, one sees sons killing fathers
後見弟殺兄。 and behind, one sees younger brothers killing older brothers Emperor Xiaowu died naturally in 464 and was succeeded by his son, who became Emperor Qianfei. Emperor Qianfei proved to be similar to his father, engaging in both kin-slaughter and incest. In a scandalous move, because his sister complained about how it was unfair that men were allowed 10,000 concubines, he gave her 30 handsome young men as lovers. His uncle Liu Yu, the Prince of Xiangdong, whom he called the "Prince of Pigs" for his obesity, eventually assassinated him and became Emperor Ming.
Emperor Ming began his reign by killing all the descendants of Emperor Xiaowu, and his suspicious nature resulted in the loss of the provinces north of the Huai River, which were only briefly regained in the other Southern dynasties. Emperor Ming's young son became Emperor Houfei. The political situation was volatile. General Xiao Daocheng slowly gained power and eventually deposed Emperor Houfei in favor of his brother, who became Emperor Shun. After defeating the rival general Shen Youzhi, Xiao forced Emperor Shun to yield to throne and crowned himself Emperor Gao of Southern Qi, thus ending the Liu Song dynasty.

 Southern Qi (479–502) 

Though distantly related, the Southern Qi and the following Liang dynasty were members of the Xiao (蕭) family from Lanling (蘭陵, in modern Cangshan County, Shandong). Because Emperor Gao had a low social standing, he earned the disdain of nobility. His style of governance was similar to the early style of the Liu Song dynasty and was very economical. He died in the fourth year of his reign and his heir, who was only 13 years younger than him, succeeded him as Emperor Wu of Southern Qi. Emperor Wu made peace with the Northern Wei, content to protect his borders. This period of peace was known as Yongming Administration. He also used government secretaries  appointed with provincial governors and members of the imperial clan to monitor them. 
The short reigns of Emperor Wu's grandsons, Xiao Zhaoye and Xiao Zhaowen (his first son predeceased him), were dominated by Xiao Luan, Emperor's Wu's first cousin. He killed them in turn and crowned himself as Emperor Ming of Southern Qi. Using the government secretaries, he slaughtered all the sons of Emperors Gao and Wu. Emperor Ming soon became very ill and started following Daoism, changing his whole wardrobe to red. He also passed an edict making officials try to find whitebait (銀魚). He died in 498 and was succeeded by his son Xiao Baojuan, who killed high officials and governors at whim, sparking many revolts. The final revolt in 501 started after Xiao Baojuan killed his prime minister Xiao Yi, leading his brother Xiao Yan to revolt under the banner of Xiao Baojuan's brother who was declared Emperor He of Southern Qi. Xiao Baojuan was killed by one of his generals during the siege of his capital at Jiankang, and after a short puppet reign by Emperor He, Xiao Yan overthrew the Southern Qi and established the Liang dynasty.

 Liang (502–557) 

Emperor Wu was economical, worked hard at governing, and cared for the common people. His early reign was known as Reign of Tianjian. The Liang dynasty's military strength gradually surpassed the strength of the Northern Wei, who suffered internal strife due to their policy of sinicization. In 503, the Northern Wei invaded but were defeated at Zhongli (modern Bengbu). Emperor Wu supported the Northern Expeditions but did not aggressively take advantage of his victory in 516 at Shouyang due to heavy casualties. Given the excessive kin-slaughter in the Liu Song and Southern Qi dynasties, Emperor Wu was very lenient to imperial clansmen, not even investigating them when they committed crimes. The Liang reached a cultural peak because he was very learned, supported scholars, and encouraged the flourishing education system. An avid poet, Emperor Wu was fond of gathering many literary talents at court, and even held poetry competitions with prizes of gold or silk for those considered the best.
In his later years, however, sycophants surrounded him. Three times he dedicated his life to Buddhism and tried to become a monk, but each time he was persuaded to return by extravagant court donations to Buddhism. Furthermore, since Buddhists and Daoists were exempt from taxation, nearly half of the population fraudulently named themselves as such, badly damaging state finances. Imperial clansmen and officials were also greedy and wasteful.
Emperor Wu was willing to accept generals who defected from Northern Wei.  So when Northern Wei suffered major revolts in their northern garrison towns, he sent his general Chen Qingzhi to support the pretender Yuan Hao. Despite the fact that Chen was only given 7,000 troops, he still managed to defeat army after army and even captured Luoyang, the capital of Northern Wei. Ultimately, Chen was insufficiently supplied and was defeated by troops ten times his size. After the Northern Wei split into Eastern and Western Wei, Emperor Wu granted asylum to rebel Eastern Wei commander Hou Jing, sending him on Northern Expeditions against Eastern Wei. After some initial successes, Liang forces were decisively defeated. Rumors abounded that Emperor Wu intended to give Hou as a peace offering. Despite Emperor Wu's assurances, Hou decided to rebel in the name of Xiao Dong, the grandson of the former crown prince Xiao Tong who died in 531 and was removed from crown prince because of conflicts with his father. Hou surprised Emperor Liang by besieging the Liang capital at Jiankang. Attempts by Liang forces to break the siege failed, and Emperor Wu was forced to negotiate a ceasefire and peace. However, Hou thought that peace was unsustainable, so he broke the ceasefire and captured the palace, leading to the slaughter of the nearby populace. Emperor Wu was starved to death and after the short puppet reigns of crown prince Xiao Gang and Xiao Dong, Hou seized power and established the Han dynasty.
In spite of conquering Jiankang, Hou essentially only controlled the nearby areas. The rest of the Liang dynasty lands were under the control of members of the imperial clan. Their squabbling amongst themselves weakened their efforts to defeat Hou. In the end, Xiao Yi with the aid of his generals Wang Sengbian and Chen Baxian defeated Hou, crowning himself Emperor Yuan of Liang. His brother Xiao Ji based in Sichuan was still a major threat. Emperor Yuan asked for assistance from Western Wei to defeat Xiao Ji, but after subduing Xiao Ji, they kept Sichuan. Due to a diplomatic faux pas, he incited the anger of Yuwen Tai, the leading general of Western Wei, which resulted in him being deposed and dying. Western Wei set up the puppet state of Western Liang with capital at Jiangling. Northern Qi also had designs on the Liang throne and sent an expedition under the banner of a cousin of Emperor Yuan. Chen Baxian and Wang Sengbian set up the last surviving son of Emperor Yuan, Xiao Fangzhi, as Liang ruler, but he was not given the imperial title. After some defeats to the forces of Northern Qi, Wang Sengbian allowed their pretender, Xiao Yuanming to establish himself as Emperor Min of Liang. However, Chen Baxian was displeased with the arrangements, and in a surprise move killed Wang and deposed Emperor Min in favor of Xiao Fangzhi who became Emperor Jing of Liang. After a short reign, Chen deposed Emperor Jing and took power himself as Emperor Wu of Chen in 557.

 Chen (557–589) 

Emperor Wu of Chen came from the region of Wu (a region near modern-day Shanghai). At that time, due to the Hou Jing rebellion, the Qiao and Wu clans were greatly weakened, and many independent regimes emerged. Emperor Wu could not pacify all the independent regimes, so he adopted conciliatory measures. After the sudden death of Emperor Wu, his nephew Chen Qian took power as Emperor Wen of Chen. After the fall of Liang, the general Wang Lin had established an independent kingdom based in modern-day Hunan and Hubei provinces and was now starting to cause trouble. Wang Lin allied with Northern Zhou and Northern Qi to conquer the Chen capital at Jiankang. Emperor Wen first defeated the combined forces of Northern Qi and Wang Lin before preventing the forces of Northern Zhou from entering the South at Yueyang. Furthermore, through Emperor Wen's extensive efforts at good governance, the economic situation of the South was greatly improved, restoring his kingdom's national strength.
Following the death of Emperor Wen, his son, the weak-willed Chen Bozong, took power and became Emperor Fei of Chen. His uncle, Chen Xu, after essentially controlling the country through his short reign, eventually deposed him and took power as Emperor Xuan of Chen. At that time, the Northern Zhou intended to conquer Northern Qi and thus invited the Chen dynasty to help. Emperor Xuan agreed to help because he wanted to recover the lost territories south of the Huai River. In 573, he sent general Wu Mingche to assist the effort; in two years, he managed to recover he lost territories south of the Huai River. At the time, Northern Qi was in a precarious situation with little military strength and Emperor Xuan could have taken advantage of the opportunity to entirely defeat Northern Qi. However, he only wanted to protect his territories south of the Huai River. Northern Zhou instead took advantage of Northern Qi's weakness and following their defeat of Northern Qi, in 577, they sent troops to the territories south of the Huai River, where they decisively defeated the Chen dynasty forces. The Chen dynasty was in imminent danger.
In a stroke of fortune, Northern Zhou's Emperor Wu suddenly died and his general Yang Jian attempted to take the throne. This stopped the southern advance of the northern troops. The respite was short though, as after Yang Jian defeated his rival General Yuchi Jiong, he usurped the throne from Emperor Jing of Northern Zhou and established the Sui dynasty, crowning himself Emperor Wen of Sui. He proceeded to invade the south to reunify China. Emperor Xuan had just died and his incompetent son Chen Shubao (Houzhu of Chen) took power. He was licentious and wasteful, resulting in chaos and corruption in the government; many officials heavily exploited the people, causing great suffering. In planning to defeat the Chen dynasty, Emperor Wen of Sui took the suggestion of his general Gao Jiong and waited until the South were harvesting their crops to entirely burn the farmland, crippling the strength of the Chen dynasty. In 588, Emperor Wen of Sui sent his son Yang Guang (who would become Emperor Yang of Sui) to finally vanquish the Chen dynasty. Chen Shubao relied on the natural barrier of the Yangtze River and continued as always with his festive and licentious activities. The next year, Sui forces captured the Chen capital of Jiankang. Chen Shubao and his favorite concubine Zhang Lihua attempted to hide in a well but eventually were captured by Sui forces, thus ending the Chen dynasty.

 Diplomacy 
After the failure of the Liu Song's efforts to form an alliance with the Rouran, Goguryeo, Tuyuhun and smaller local powers to defeat the Northern Wei, the North and South were forced into tacitly acknowledging their equal status, for example, by granting each other the highest positions as the most esteemed envoys. As the Wei Shu and Song Shu testify, there was a shift from imperial rhetoric denouncing the other side as illegitimate barbarians, towards a new conception referring to the two as distinct 'Northern' and Southern' parallels, using unique local customs to distinguish themselves and compete for legitimacy.

 Demographics 
It was during the Northern and Southern dynasties period that the earliest recorded mass migration of ethnic Han to southern China (south of the Yangtze River) took place. This sinicisation helped to develop the region from its previous state of being inhabited by isolated communities separated by vast uncolonized wilderness and other non-Han ethnic groups. During this period, the south went from being nearly a frontier to being on a path to the thriving, urbanized, sinicized region that it became in later centuries. In his book Buddhism in Chinese History, Arthur F. Wright points out this fact by stating:

"When we speak of the area of the Yangtze valley and below in the period of disunion, we must banish from our minds the picture of the densely populated, intensively cultivated South China of recent centuries. When the aristocrats of the remnants of the Chin [Jin] ruling house fled to the Nanking [Nanjing] area early in the 4th century, the south contained perhaps a tenth of the population of China. There were centers of Chinese culture and administration, but around most of these lay vast uncolonized areas into which Chinese settlers were slow to move".

During the Northern and Southern dynasties, the Yangtze valley transformed from a backwater frontier region with less than 25% of China's population to a major cultural center of China with 40% of China's population, and after China was subsequently unified under the Tang dynasty, they became the core area of Chinese culture.

 Culture 

 Language 
When the Jin court fled south they continued to speak in the refined common language, tongyu, from the Central Plains in the North, which was regarded as highly prestigious. However, many local southern Chinese resisted adopting the speech of the newcomers. During the Southern dynasties period, beginning in the mid-4th century and spreading widely by the 5th century, elite northern emigres and southern locals around the capital of Jiankang developed a new elite speech form, with clearly distinctive pronunciation and phrasing that set it apart from the Central Plains speech. However, some of the emigres also resisted this new trend to "prize the speech of Wu", which they regarded as "seductive and frivolous". Meanwhile, the process of Han Chinese  courtiers learning Xianbei and Xianbei learning Chinese led to the court speech of the North changing as well. By the 6th century, southern elites looked down on the accent of Luoyang as "crude and clumsy".

 Philosophy 

Confucianism's unchallenged domination of Chinese culture and thought was greatly weakened during the Jin dynasty, which led to a wide diversification of political thought and philosophy by the time of the Northern and Southern dynasties.  This era produced a myriad of writers that advocated practical systems of governance and administration, such as Cao Cao and Zhuge Liang in the Three Kingdoms Period, Wang Dao and Bao Jingyan of the Eastern Jin, as well as Fan Zhen, Xing Shao (Chinese: 邢邵), and Fan Xun (Chinese: 樊遜) of the Northern and Southern period.  Much of the philosophy of the period is despondent and dispirited, and a number of scholars and poets became reclusive mountain hermits living apart from society.  Of these various trends, the most influential was Neo-Daoism (Chinese: 玄學; pinyin: Xuánxué).  Neo-Daoism was highly influential during the Southern Dynasty, to the point that Emperor Wen of Liu Song established a Neo-Daoist Academy and promoted it, along with Confucianism, literature, and history, as the four great subjects of study.  A phenomenon known as "empty chat" (Chinese: 清談; pinyin: Qīng tán) became common, where educated men would meet and talk about philosophy all day without paying any attention to "mundane" things such as their profession or family.  The phenomenon gradually waned during the Sui dynasty, though it did not fully disappear until the Tang dynasty.

 Literature 

Literature was particularly vibrant during the Southern Dynasty and tended to be flowery and frilly, while Northern Dynasty literature was rougher and more straightforward.  Notable writers include Yu Xin, Xing Fang, Wei Shou, and Wen Zisheng of the Northern Dynasty.  In poetry, fu poetry continued to be a dominant genre, though the five-syllable form that achieved great prominence during the Tang dynasty gradually increased in popularity. In the Southern Dynasty, a type of essay known as pian wen (Chinese: 駢文), which used metered rhyme, flowery language, and classical allusions, became popular.  Writings often spoke of removing oneself from everyday material existence and jettisoning cares and anxiety.
Poets of the Northern and Southern dynasties focused on imitating older classical poets of Ancient China, formalizing the rhyme patterns and meters that governed poem composition.  However, scholars realized that ancient songs and poems, like those of the Shijing, in many instances no longer rhymed due to sound shifts over the previous centuries.
The introduction of Buddhism to China, which began in the late Han dynasty and continued through the Tang dynasty, introduced Chinese scholars to Sanskrit. The Brahmi script, with its sophisticated phonological organization, arrived in China in the 5th century, and was studied by Xie Lingyun, who produced a (since-lost) glossary of Chinese transcriptions of Sanskrit terms "arranged according to the 14 sounds".
The four tones of early Middle Chinese were first described by Shen Yue and Zhou Yong.

 Other arts 
The southern dynasties of China were rich in cultural achievement, with the flourishing of Buddhism and Daoism, especially the latter as two new canons of scriptural writings were created for the Supreme Purity sect and its rival the Numinous Treasure Sect. The southern Chinese were influenced greatly by the writings of Buddhist monks such as Huiyuan, who applied familiar Daoist terms to describe Buddhism for other Chinese. The Chinese were in contact and influenced by cultures of India and trading partners farther south, such as the kingdoms of Funan and Champa (located in modern-day Cambodia and Vietnam).
The sophistication and complexity of the Chinese arts of poetry, calligraphy, painting, and playing of music reached new heights during this age. The earlier Cao Zhi, son of Cao Cao, is regarded as one of the greatest poets of his day. His style and deep emotional expression in writing influenced later poets of this new age, such as Tao Qian (365–427) or Tao Yuanming. Even during his lifetime, the written calligraphy of the "Sage of Calligraphy", Wang Xizhi (307–365), was prized by many and considered a true form of personal expression like other arts. Painting became highly prized with artists such as Gu Kaizhi (344–406), who largely established the tradition of landscape art in classical Chinese painting (to learn more, refer to the "Far East" section of the article for Painting).
Institutions of learning in the south were also renowned, including the Zongmingguan (Imperial Nanjing University), where the famed Zu Chongzhi (mentioned above) had studied. Zu Chongzhi devised the new Daming Calendar in 465, calculated one year as 365.24281481 days (which is very close to 365.24219878 days as we know today), and calculated the number of overlaps between sun and moon as 27.21223 (which is very close to 27.21222 as we know today). Using this number he successfully predicted 4 eclipses during a period of 23 years (from 436 to 459).
Although multiple-story towers such as guard towers and residential apartments existed in previous periods, during this period the distinct Chinese pagoda tower (for storing Buddhist scriptures) evolved from the stupa, the latter originating from Buddhist traditions of protecting sutras in ancient India.

 Maps 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
Military history of the Northern and Southern dynasties
Timeline of the Northern and Southern dynasties
Northern and southern China
Chinese sovereign
List of tributaries of Imperial China
Buddhism in China
Empress Dowager Hu (Northern Wei)
Yan Zhitui
Jinping Commandery

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 
Boodberg, Peter A. (1938). "Marginalia to The Histories of The Northern Dynasties". Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies. 3 (3/4): 223–253. doi:10.2307/2717838. JSTOR 2717776.
——— (1939). "Marginalia to The Histories of The Northern Dynasties". Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies. 4 (3/4): 230–283. doi:10.2307/2717776. JSTOR 2717776.
Graff, David A. (2002). Medieval Chinese Warfare, 300–900. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-23954-0.
Ebrey, Patricia Buckley; Walthall, Anne; Palais, James B. (2006). East Asia: A Cultural, Social, and Political History. Boston: Houghton Mifflin. ISBN 978-0-618-13384-0.
Lewis, Mark Edward (2009). China between Empires: The Northern and Southern Dynasties. Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-02605-6.
Miller, Roy Andrew (1959): Accounts of Western Nations in the History of the Northern Chou Dynasty. University of California Press.
Wright, Arthur F. (1959). Buddhism in Chinese History. Stanford: Stanford University Press.

 External links 

Period of the Northern and Southern Dynasties
Early Imperial China:  A Working Collection of Resources  Archived 25 June 2010 at the Wayback Machine

Ownership
Ownership is the state or fact of legal possession and control over property, which may be any asset, tangible or intangible. Ownership can involve multiple rights, collectively referred to as title, which may be separated and held by different parties.
The process and mechanics of ownership are fairly complex: one can gain, transfer, and lose ownership of property in a number of ways. To acquire property one can purchase it with money, trade it for other property, win it in a bet, receive it as a gift, inherit it, find it, receive it as damages, earn it by doing work or performing services, make it, or homestead it. One can transfer or lose ownership of property by selling it for money, exchanging it for other property, giving it as a gift, misplacing it, or having it stripped from one's ownership through legal means such as eviction, foreclosure, seizure, or taking. Ownership implies that the owner of a property also owns any economic benefits or deficits associated with the property.

 History 
Over the millennia and across cultures, notions regarding what constitutes "property" and how it is treated culturally have varied widely. Ownership is the basis for many other concepts that form the foundations of ancient and modern societies such as money, trade, debt, bankruptcy, the criminality of theft, and private vs. public property. Ownership is the key building block in the development of the capitalist socio-economic system. Adam Smith stated that one of the sacred laws of justice was to guard a person's property and possessions.

 Types of owners 

 In person 
Individuals may own property directly. In some societies only adult men may own property; in other societies (such as the Haudenosaunee), property is matrilinear and passed on from mother to the offspring. In most societies both men and women can own property with no restrictions and limitations at all.

 Structured ownership entities 
Throughout history, nations (or governments) and religious organizations have owned property. These entities exist primarily for purposes other than to own or operate property; hence, they may have no clear rules regarding the disposition of their property.
To own and operate property, structures (often known today as legal entities) have been created in many societies throughout history. The differences in how they deal with members' rights is a key factor in determining their type. Each type has advantages and disadvantages derived from their means of recognizing or disregarding (rewarding or not) contributions of financial capital or personal effort.
Cooperatives, corporations, trusts, partnerships, and condominium associations are only some of the many varied types of structured ownership; each type has many subtypes. Legal advantages or restrictions on various types of structured ownership have existed in many societies past and present. To govern how assets are to be used, shared, or treated, rules and regulations may be legally imposed or internally adopted or decreed.

 Liability for the group or for others in the group 
Ownership by definition does not necessarily imply a responsibility to others for actions regarding the property. A "legal shield" is said to exist if the entity's legal liabilities do not get redistributed among the entity's owners or members. An application of this, to limit ownership risks, is to form a new entity (such as a shell company) to purchase, own and operate each property. Since the entity is separate and distinct from others, if a problem occurs which leads to a massive liability, the individual is protected from losing more than the value of that one property. Many other properties are protected, when owned by other distinct entities.
In the loosest sense of group ownership, a lack of legal framework, rules and regulations may mean that group ownership of property places each member in a position of responsibility (liability) for the actions of every other member. A structured group duly constituted as an entity under law may still not protect members from being personally liable for each other's actions. Court decisions against the entity itself may give rise to unlimited personal liability for each and every member. An example of this situation is a professional partnership (e.g. law practice) in some jurisdictions. Thus, being a partner or owner in a group may give little advantage in terms of share ownership while producing a lot of risk to the partner, owner or participant.

 Sharing gains 
At the end of each fiscal year, accounting rules determine a surplus or profit, which may be retained inside the entity or distributed among owners according to the initial setup intent when the entity was created. For public corporations, common shareholders have no right to receive any of the profit.
Entities with a member focus will give financial surplus back to members according to the volume of financial activity that the participating member generated for the entity. Examples of this are producer cooperatives, buyer cooperatives and participating whole life policyholders in both mutual and share-capital insurance companies.
Entities with shared voting rights that depend on financial capital distribute surplus among shareholders without regard to any other contribution to the entity. Depending on internal rules and regulations, certain classes of shares have the right to receive increases in financial "dividends" while other classes do not. After many years the increase over time is substantial if the business is profitable. Examples of this are common shares and preferred shares in private or publicly listed share capital corporations.
Entities with a focus on providing service in perpetuam do not distribute financial surplus; they must retain it. It will then serve as a cushion against losses or as a means to finance growth activities. Examples of this are not-for-profit entities: they are allowed to make profits, but are not permitted to give any of it back to members except by way of discounts in the future on new transactions.
Depending on the charter at the foundation of the entity, and depending on the legal framework under which the entity was created, the form of ownership is determined once and for all time. To change it requires significant work in terms of communicating with stakeholders (member-owners, governments, etc.) and acquiring their approval. Whatever structural constraints or disadvantages exist at the creation thus remain an integral part of the entity. Common in, for instance, New York City, Hamburg, and Berlin is a form of real estate ownership known as a cooperative (also co-operative or co-op, in German Wohnungsgenossenschaft – apartment co-operative, also "Wohnbaugenossenschaft" or simply "Baugenossenschaft") which relies heavily on internal rules of operation instead of the legal framework governing condominium associations. These "co-ops", owning the building for the mutual benefit of its members, can ultimately perform most of the functions of a legally constituted condominium, i.e. restricting use appropriately and containing financial liabilities to within tolerable levels. To change their structure now that they are up and operating would require significant effort to achieve acceptance among members and various levels of government.

 Sharing use 
The owning entity makes rules governing use of property; each property may comprise areas that are made available to any and every member of the group to use. When the group is the entire nation, the same principle is in effect whether the property is small (e.g. picnic rest stops along highways) or large (such as national parks, highways, ports, and publicly owned buildings). Smaller examples of shared use include common areas such as lobbies, entrance hallways and passages to adjacent buildings.
One disadvantage of communal ownership, known as the Tragedy of the Commons, occurs where unlimited unrestricted and unregulated access to a resource (e.g. pasture land) destroys the resource because of over-exploitation. The benefits of exploitation accrue to individuals immediately, while the costs of policing or enforcing appropriate use, and the losses dues to over exploitation, are distributed among many, and are only visible to these gradually.
In a communist nation, the means of production of goods would be owned communally by all people of that nation; the original thinkers did not specify rules and regulations.

 Ownership models 
State ownership: ownership of an industry, asset, or enterprise by the state or a public body representing a community as opposed to an individual or private party.
Public ownership: ownership and operation of an enterprise by a central government; also an ambiguous term that could refer to either social, partial state, or full state ownership.
Private ownership: exclusive ownership of property by non-governmental legal entities.Fractional ownership: ownership held in percentage shares of an expensive asset, sold to individual owners, who are charged fees for the asset's management and variable use.
Collective ownership: either joint ownership of an economic entity (e.g., a cooperative) or public ownership.Cooperative ownership: ownership by the people who together operate and trade with an enterprise.
Common ownership non-exclusive ownership of property by everyone involuntarily.
Property is also distinguished by whether it is movable (personal property) or immovable (immovable property and real property).
Property can also be distinguished by whether or not it is owned with exclusive rights, such rights grant owners a monopoly to refuse ownership to non-owners.
Concerning ownership of means of production and delineating which groups receive the direct profits, capitalism's private ownership is distinguished from socialism's social ownership.
Ownership of resources can be distinguished as either as individual or communal, analogous to private or public in delineating who has rights of use.

 Types of property 

 Personal property 

Personal property is a type of property. In the common law systems personal property may also be called chattels. It is distinguished from real property, or real estate. In the civil law systems personal property is often called movable property or movables – any property that can be moved from one location or another. This term is used to distinguish property that different from immovable property or immovables, such as land and buildings. This also means the direct owner of the item(s) is in full control of them/it until either stolen, confiscated by law enforcement, or destroyed.
Personal property may be classified in a variety of ways, such as goods, money, negotiable instruments, securities, and intangible assets including choses in action.

 Land ownership 

Real estate or immovable property is a legal term (in some jurisdictions) that encompasses land along with anything permanently affixed to the land, such as buildings. Real estate (immovable property) is often considered synonymous with real property, in contrast from personal property (also sometimes called chattel or personalty). However, for technical purposes, some people prefer to distinguish real estate, referring to the land and fixtures themselves, from real property, referring to ownership rights over real estate. The terms real estate and real property are used primarily in common law, while civil law jurisdictions refer instead to immovable property.
In law, the word real means relating to a thing (from Latin reālis, ultimately from rēs, 'matter' or 'thing'), as distinguished from a person. Thus the law broadly distinguishes between real property (land and anything affixed to it) and personal property (everything else, e.g., clothing, furniture, money). The conceptual difference is between immovable property, which would transfer title along with the land, and movable property, which a person would retain title to.
With the development of private property ownership, real estate has become a major area of business.

 Corporations and legal entities 

An individual or group of individuals can own shares in corporations and other legal entities, but do not necessarily own the entities themselves. A legal entity is a legal construct through which the law allows a group of natural persons to act as if it were an individual for certain purposes.
Some duly incorporated entities may not be owned by individuals nor by other entities; they exist without being owned once they are created. Not being owned, they cannot be bought and sold. Mutual life insurance companies, credit unions, foundations and cooperatives, not for profit organizations, and public corporations are examples of this. No person can purchase the company, as their ownership is not legally available for sale, neither as shares nor as a single whole.

 Intellectual property 

Intellectual property (IP) refers to a legal entitlement which sometimes attaches to the expressed form of an idea, or to some other intangible subject matter. This legal entitlement generally enables its holder to exercise exclusive rights of use in relation to the subject matter of the IP. The term intellectual property reflects the idea that this subject matter is the product of the mind or the intellect, and that IP rights may be protected at law in the same way as any other form of property.
Intellectual property laws confer a bundle of exclusive rights in relation to the particular form or manner in which ideas or information are expressed or manifested, and not in relation to the ideas or concepts themselves (see idea-expression divide). The term "intellectual property" denotes the specific legal rights which authors, inventors and other IP holders may hold and exercise, and not the intellectual work itself.
Intellectual property laws are designed to protect different forms of intangible subject matter, although in some cases there is a degree of overlap.

Copyright may subsist in creative and artistic works (e.g. books, movies, music, paintings, photographs and software), giving a copyright holder the exclusive right to control reproduction or adaptation of such works for a certain period of time.
A patent may be granted in relation to an invention that is new, useful and not simply an obvious advancement over what existed when the application was filed. A patent gives the holder an exclusive right to commercially exploit the invention for a certain period of time (typically 20 years from the filing date of a patent application).
A trademark is a distinctive sign which is used to distinguish the products or services of one business from those of another business.
An industrial design right protects the form of appearance, style or design of an industrial object (e.g. spare parts, furniture or textiles).
A trade secret (also known as "confidential information") is an item of confidential information concerning the commercial practices or proprietary knowledge of a business.Patents, trademarks and designs fall into a particular subset of intellectual property known as industrial property.
Like other forms of property, intellectual property (or rather the exclusive rights which subsist in the IP) can be transferred (with or without consideration) or licensed to third parties. In some jurisdictions it is possible to use intellectual property as collateral for a loan.
The basic public policy rationale for the protection of intellectual property is that IP laws facilitate and encourage disclosure of innovation into the public domain for the common good, by granting authors and inventors exclusive rights to exploit their works and invention for a limited period.
However, various schools of thought are critical of the very concept of intellectual property, and some characterise IP as intellectual protectionism. There is ongoing debate as to whether IP laws truly operate to confer the stated public benefits, and whether the protection they are said to provide is appropriate in the context of innovation derived from such things as traditional knowledge and folklore, and patents for software and business methods. Manifestations of this controversy can be seen in the way different jurisdictions decide whether to grant intellectual property protection in relation to subject matter of this kind, and the stark divide on issues of the role and scope of intellectual property laws.

 Chattel slavery 

The term "Slavery" is commonly understood to refer to chattel slavery.
The living human body is, in modern societies, considered something which cannot be the property of anyone but the person whose body it is. Its opposite, in which the person in the body  does not own their body, is chattel slavery. Chattel slavery was defined as the absolute legal ownership of a person, including the legal right to buy and sell them. Persons who were so enslaved did not have the freedom to direct their own actions, and their legal rights were either severely limited or nonexistent. The Antebellum period in the United States is considered both the worst for the exploitation of chattel slaves, and also where the practice aroused such fierce opposition and support that it led to the American Civil War.Chattel slavery is currently (2020) illegal in every country in the world. However, until the 19th century slavery in one form or another existed in most societies and was thought of as the normal state of things; slaves of whatever ethnicity were considered racially inferior. Notwithstanding the illegality of enslavement, virtual slavery still exists in various forms today, although called by other names.

 Critical views 
The question of ownership reaches back to the ancient philosophers, Plato and Aristotle, who held different opinions on the subject.  Plato (428/427 BC – 348/347 BC) thought private property created divisive inequalities, while Aristotle (384 BC – 322 BC) thought private property enabled people to receive the full benefit of their labor.   Private property can circumvent what is now referred to as the "tragedy of the commons" problem, where people tend to degrade common property more than they do private property. While Aristotle justified the existence of private ownership, he left two open questions

how to allocate property between what is private and common, and
how to allocate the private property within society

 Modern Western views 
In modern western politics, some people believe that exclusive ownership of property underlies much social injustice, and facilitates tyranny and oppression on an individual and societal scale. Others consider the striving to achieve greater ownership of wealth as the driving factor behind human innovation and technological advancement and increasing standards of living. Some support the latter view, believing that ownership is necessary for liberty itself.

 Ownership society 
Ownership society was a political slogan used by United States President George W. Bush to promote a series of policies aimed to increase the control of individual citizens over health care and social security payments and policies. Critics have claimed that slogan hid an agenda that sought to implement tax cuts and curtail the government's role in health care and retirement saving.

 See also 

Bubuti system
Cadastre
Dominium
Owned, a slang term for dominance or control
Ownership society
Possession (law)
Public ownership
State ownership

 References 

The White Bus
The White Bus is a 1967 British short drama film directed by Lindsay Anderson. The screenplay was jointly adapted with Shelagh Delaney from a short story in her collection Sweetly Sings the Donkey (1963). The White Bus was also the film debut of Anthony Hopkins.

 Plot 
The main character, only referred to as 'The Girl' (Patricia Healey) leaves London, goes north on a train full of football fans and takes a trip in a white double-decker bus around an unnamed city she is visiting (although clearly based on Manchester, near Delaney’s hometown of Salford). The Mayor (Arthur Lowe), a local businessman, and the council's ceremonial macebearer (John Sharp) happen also to be taking the trip while they show the city to visiting foreigners.

 Cast 
Patricia Healey as The Girl
Arthur Lowe as The Mayor
John Sharp as The Macebearer
Julie Perry as Conductress
Stephen Moore as Young Man
Victor Henry as Transistorite
John Savident, Fanny Carby, Malcolm Taylor, Alan O'Keeffe as Supporters
Anthony Hopkins as Brechtian
Jeanne Watts, Eddie King as Fish Shop Couple
Barry Evans as Boy
Penny Ryder as Girl
Dennis Alaba Peters as Mr Wombe

 Production history 
The film was originally commissioned by producer Oscar Lewenstein, then a director of Woodfall, as one third of an anthology feature entitled Red, White and Zero, with the other sections supplied by Anderson's Free Cinema collaborators Tony Richardson and Karel Reisz from the other short stories by Shelagh Delaney.
The "first real day's shooting" was on 19 October 1965, and took about a month to complete.The two other planned sections of the film developed into Richardson's Red and Blue and — Reisz having dropped out — Peter Brook's Ride of the Valkyrie, neither of which are related to Delaney's work. Of these, only The White Bus received a theatrical release in the UK.

 Notes 

 External links 
The White Bus at IMDb

List of people from Arlington, Texas
This is a list of notable past and present residents of the U.S. city of Arlington, Texas, and its surrounding metropolitan area. For a list of people whose only connection to Arlington is from the University of Texas, see: List of University of Texas at Arlington people.

 Athletics 

 Business 
Blake Mycoskie - entrepreneur, author, and philanthropist
David A. Sampson -  CEO of the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America

 Literature 

 Movies, television, and media 

 Music 

 Politics 

 Miscellaneous 
Joe Exotic - zoo operator and convicted felon
Amber Hagerman - kidnapping and murder victim and namesake for the "Amber Alert"
Terry Hornbuckle - criminal
David Williams - professional poker player

 References 

Napoleon (2023 film)
Napoleon is a 2023 epic historical drama film directed and produced by Ridley Scott and written by David Scarpa. Based on the story of Napoleon Bonaparte and primarily depicting his rise to power as well as his relationship with his wife, Joséphine Bonaparte, it stars Joaquin Phoenix as Napoleon and Vanessa Kirby as Joséphine.
In October 2020, Scott announced Napoleon as his next project. Following delays and recastings due to the COVID-19 pandemic, filming began in February 2022 in England, lasting several months. In addition to writer David Scarpa, frequent Scott collaborators included cinematographer Dariusz Wolski and editor Claire Simpson.
Napoleon premiered at Salle Pleyel in Paris on November 14, 2023, and was released in the United States and the United Kingdom on November 22, 2023, by Sony Pictures Releasing, before streaming on Apple TV+ at a later date. The film has grossed $219 million worldwide and received mixed reviews from critics, with praise for the battle sequences and performances, though it was criticized for its historical inaccuracies. At the 96th Academy Awards, the film received nominations for Best Production Design,  Best Costume Design, and Best Visual Effects.

 Plot 
In 1793, amid the French Revolution, young army officer Napoleon Bonaparte watches Marie Antoinette beheaded by the guillotine. Later that year, Revolutionary leader Paul Barras has Napoleon manage the Siege of Toulon; he successfully storms the city and repels the British ships with artillery. After Maximilien Robespierre is deposed and executed at the end of the Reign of Terror, French leaders, including Napoleon, attempt to restore stability. Again employing artillery, Napoleon suppresses the royalist insurrection on 13 Vendémiaire in 1795.
Napoleon woos aristocratic widow Joséphine de Beauharnais and the two eventually marry. Despite their vigorous sex life, they bear no children. In Egypt, he prevails again at the Battle of the Pyramids in 1798, but rushes home when he hears Joséphine has an almost 10-year younger lover, Hippolyte Charles. The Directory criticises him for abandoning his troops, but he condemns them for their poor leadership of France and, alongside several collaborators such as Talleyrand, Fouché, Sieyès and Ducos, overthrows them in a coup and becomes First Consul.
Napoleon is crowned Emperor of the French by the pope in 1804, during which he audaciously puts the crown on his own head. Foreign Minister Talleyrand suggests to Austria an alliance, though the Austrians dismiss the idea. A year later, Napoleon outmanoeuvres and defeats the Austrians and Russians at the Battle of Austerlitz, forcing them to retreat over frozen lakes before bombarding the ice and drowning them. Afterwards, he invites Austrian Emperor Francis II for wine—which Russian Tsar Alexander I declines to attend—and tells Francis that since he did not totally destroy their armies, he expects the latter to be grateful.
Napoleon's mother has him impregnate a mistress, proving that Joséphine is infertile. He divorces her in 1810, publicly slapping her in the face when she initially refuses to read her portion of the decree, but the two remain on good terms and continue exchanging friendly letters. Napoleon marries Marie Louise of Austria, who bears a son one year later.
In 1812, Napoleon invades Russia after Alexander reneges on a peace treaty with France. He prevails, despite bloody guerrilla resistance by Don Cossack forces, at the Battle of Borodino, but finds Moscow empty and later set aflame. Napoleon retreats during the winter to France, having lost about half a million men. In 1814, the Coalition force Napoleon's abdication and exile him to Elba.
In 1815, upon hearing that Joséphine is unwell, Napoleon escapes the island and returns to power in France. She, having been forced into reclusion at the Château de Malmaison, dies before he arrives. King Louis XVIII sends the Fifth Regiment to stop Napoleon, but he charms them into joining him.
At the Battle of Waterloo in June, Napoleon, having amassed more troops, confronts the British army under the Duke of Wellington. French cavalry charges are repulsed by British infantry squares, and a desperate Napoleon urges his remaining soldiers forward, but this advance is decimated by re-formed lines of enemy infantry. The forces of Prussian Marshal Blücher arrive to reinforce Wellington, and the French are broken. As Napoleon retreats, he salutes Wellington.
Napoleon is exiled, this time to the island of Saint Helena in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, and is seen bantering with children, writing his memoirs that would become a worldwide best-seller, and presenting to his listeners a version of history where he is always right.
Napoleon dies in 1821, hearing Joséphine beckon him to meet her again. An epilogue notes that roughly 3 million people died in the Coalition Wars (1792–1815).

 Cast 

Joaquin Phoenix as Napoleon Bonaparte, Emperor of the French.
Vanessa Kirby as Empress Joséphine, Empress Consort and the first wife of Napoleon.
Tahar Rahim as Paul Barras, a politician who was the executive head of the Directory during the French Revolution.
Rupert Everett as Arthur Wellesley, Duke of Wellington.
Ben Miles as Armand de Caulaincourt, a diplomat and close advisor to Napoleon.
Ludivine Sagnier as Thérésa Cabarrus (Madame Tallien), a socialite and noblewoman.
Matthew Needham as Lucien Bonaparte, brother of Napoleon.
John Hollingworth as Marshal Ney, lauded as "the bravest of the brave" by Napoleon.
Youssef Kerkour as Marshal Davout, one of Napoleon's finest commanders.
Sinéad Cusack as Letizia Bonaparte, mother of Napoleon.
Julian Rhind-Tutt as Abbé Sieyès
Phil Cornwell as Sanson the Bourreau, the executioner who guillotined Louis XVI, the King of France.
Édouard Philipponnat as Alexander I, Tsar of Russia
Jannis Niewöhner as Hippolyte Charles
Miles Jupp as Emperor Francis II
Edward Bennett as Jean de Cambaceres, a Royalist supporter
Ian McNeice as Louis XVIII, King of France during the Bourbon Restoration, following Napoleon's exile to Elba.
Paul Rhys as Talleyrand, a leading diplomat of France.
Catherine Walker as Marie-Antoinette, Archduchess of Austria, and later Queen of France.
Gavin Spokes as Moulin, a Directory politician.
Mark Bonnar as Jean-Andoche Junot, general of Napoleon and commander of the French invasion of Portugal in 1807.
Anna Mawn as the Archduchess Marie-Louise, Napoleon's second wife.
Davide Tucci as Lazare Hoche, a general and hero of revolutionary France.
Sam Crane as Jacques-Louis David, a preeminent Neoclassical French painter.
Scott Handy as Marshal Berthier, chief of staff to Napoleon from his first Italian campaign in 1796 until his first abdication in 1814, and twice Minister of War of France.
Tim Faulkner as Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher.
Abubakar Salim as General Dumas.
Kevin Eldon as Dr. Jean-Nicolas Corvisart.

 Production 

 Development 
On October 14, 2020, the same day his film The Last Duel (2021) wrapped filming, Ridley Scott announced Napoleon, at that point provisionally called Kitbag, as his next project for 20th Century Studios, based on Napoleon's life. He would direct and produce, while the screenplay was written by Scott's All the Money in the World (2017) collaborator David Scarpa. The film's working title was derived from the saying that "There is a general's staff hidden in every soldier's kitbag". During the same year, Scott also consulted with University of Oxford scholar Michael Broers regarding Napoleon's life, particularly collaborating with him in deconstructing the geography of the Battle of Waterloo. He also received Stanley Kubrick's script for his planned Napoleon film, which never materialized. By January 2021, Apple Studios announced its commitment to finance and produce the film, with filming scheduled to begin in the United Kingdom in 2022.

 Writing 
Scarpa had been approached by Scott to write a film based on Napoleon following production of All the Money in the World. As he initially had a "high school basic knowledge" of his life, he conducted research regarding Napoleon and after realizing that writing a film encompassing his entire life was impractical, he decided to focus on Napoleon's relationship with his wife, Josephine. He began by reading Napoleon: A Concise Biography by David A. Bell, but did not understand it and opted to conduct further research by reading more books and watching YouTube videos. When researching Josephine, he cited Ambition and Desire: The Dangerous Life of Josephine Bonaparte by Kate Williams as his primary influence. He took inspiration from Scott's The Duellist (1977) and Milos Forman's Amadeus (1984), wanting to portray Napoleon as an "irreverent" figure similar to how Mozart was depicted in Amadeus, and told Scott he envisioned Napoleon as being competent competent "in the realm of battle", and "incompetent in the realm of love". Scott proposed the idea of beginning the film with Marie Antoinette being under the guillotine, wanting to focus on the "ambivalence about where democracy leads". Scott's writing process also involved hand-drawing storyboards, with him sending Scarpa the illustrations once Scarpa sent him pages from the script.

 Casting 
Joaquin Phoenix was reportedly attached to star as the French general and emperor Napoléon, reuniting him with the director after Gladiator (2000). Scott had Phoenix and another actor he has refused to reveal in mind to play Napoleón, but felt "blown away" by Phoenix's performance in Joker (2019) and concluded that Phoenix could be an "amazing asset" for Napoleon, both creatively and commercially.The Last Duel actress Jodie Comer was reportedly Scott's first choice to play Joséphine. She entered negotiations to star in March 2021, confirmed her casting in September, and said: "I just jumped at the chance to work with Ridley and his team again and the idea of working with Joaquin, who's someone who I hugely admire... I'm so excited to delve into that world." In November, she said her role was "going to be another huge challenge, but what I love about period dramas is that kind of transformation. Even now, doing some costume and hair tests for Kitbag, it's just so exciting because it becomes so much easier to step out of yourself and into somebody else." The same month, Youssef Kerkour was confirmed to star. On January 4, 2022, Comer revealed her departure from the film due to scheduling changes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Vanessa Kirby was announced as her replacement later that day. On January 18, 2022, producer Kevin J. Walsh said the film had been retitled Napoleon. In February, Tahar Rahim was added to the cast, in the role of Paul Barras. The historian Lorris Chevalier, who worked on The Last Duel, became the historical advisor.

 Filming 

Production began in February 2022. The film features six major battle sequences, unlike Waterloo (1970), another film featuring Napoleon, that focused on a single battle. Napoleon was shot under the working title Marengo, a reference to the Battle of Marengo (1800). Filming took place in Lincoln, England in March 2022. The crew reportedly spent a week to prepare Lincoln Cathedral, which stood in for Notre-Dame de Paris. Shooting took place in the cathedral on March 17 and 18, between 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.Filming also took place at other English locations: Stowe House, Buckinghamshire; West Wycombe Park, Buckinghamshire; Blenheim Palace, Oxfordshire; Petworth House, West Sussex; Boughton House, Northamptonshire; and the Old Royal Naval College, Greenwich, London.It was also shot in Malta for three weeks, starting in May 2022. Fort Ricasoli in Kalkara was transformed into the site of 1793's siege of Toulon, where Napoleon had his first victory. The desert in the area of Merzouga in Morocco stood in for Egypt and the execution of Marie Antoinette was filmed at Peper Harow Park in Surrey. The film was shot in just 62 days.

 Music 

 Release 
Napoleon premiered at Salle Pleyel in Paris on November 14, 2023.For the film's theatrical release, Apple Original Films partnered with Sony Pictures Releasing, under their Columbia Pictures banner, to help exhibit the film worldwide. It was released in cinemas first in the United States and the United Kingdom on November 22, 2023, before releasing on Apple TV+ at a later date.In August 2023, Ridley Scott revealed that he has planned a director's cut of Napoleon that explores more of Empress Joséphine, and hopes that he will be able to release it in theaters and on Apple TV+, after the initial theatrical release. Scott indicated that the planned director's cut would run four hours and ten minutes.

 Home media 
Napoleon was released on digital platforms on January 9, 2024.

 Reception 

 Box office 
As of January 21, 2024, Napoleon has grossed $61.5 million in the United States and Canada, and $157.9 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $219.4 million. In February 2024, Deadline Hollywood reported that the film lost Apple around $16 million during its theatrical run, but made up for it from home rentals.In the United States and Canada, Napoleon was released alongside Wish and the wide expansion of Saltburn, and was originally projected to gross around $22 million from 3,500 theaters over its five-day Thanksgiving opening weekend. After making $7.7 million on its first day (including $3 million from Tuesday night previews), estimates were raised to $29–33 million. It then made $4.4 million on Thanksgiving Day and $8.4 million on Friday. The film went on to debut to $20.4 million in its opening weekend (and a total of $32.5 million over the five days), finishing second behind holdover The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes. It fell 65% in its second weekend to sixth place, grossing $7.1 million.Rebecca Rubin of Variety noted that under a traditional theatrical release, the film would need to gross $500–600 million worldwide in order to break-even given its $200 million budget. However, the success of the film could not be based solely on the box office, and would hinge on subscribers driven to Apple TV+ and "on-demand rentals and other revenue streams that wouldn't have been possible by going directly to streaming". Stephen Galloway, dean of Chapman University's film school, stated: "Apple making a $200 million movie is like you buying a cup of coffee and spilling it, but it's not making their brand look good if films [like Killers of the Flower Moon and Napoleon] underperform at the box office."

 Critical response 
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 58% of 326 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 6.2/10. The website's consensus reads: "Ridley Scott is intent on proving the emperor has no clothes in Napoleon, a slyly funny epic with bravura set pieces and a divided runtime that keeps it from outright conquering." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 64 out of 100, based on 62 critics, indicating "generally favorable" reviews. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B−" on an A+ to F scale, while those polled by PostTrak gave it a 72% overall positive score, with 46% saying they would definitely recommend the film.Critics praised the film's epic scale, battle scenes, and Phoenix and Kirby’s performances, while some took issue with the length and Scott's "bloated" direction. French critics had a less enthusiastic view than those from Britain and America, considering Napoleon "lazy, pointless, boring, migraine-inducing, too short and historically inaccurate." A review in Le Figaro stated that the film could have been called "Barbie and Ken under the Empire", and another in the French edition of GQ deemed it to be "deeply clumsy, unnatural and unintentionally funny". Patrice Gueniffey, a leading historian in Napoleonic studies, called the movie "very anti-French and very pro-British" in an interview to Le Point.Writing in The Guardian, Peter Bradshaw gave the film a full five stars and called it a "thrilling biopic", concluding that Scott "doesn't withhold the old-fashioned pleasures of spectacle and excitement. Phoenix is the key to it all: a performance as robust as the glass of burgundy he knocks back: preening, brooding, seething and triumphing." Writing in The Observer, Wendy Ide gave it three out of five, calling it a "sturdy epic" that struggled to "show us what drove the military mastermind". She continued, "A man, even a man as combative as Napoleon, amounts to more than the battles he has fought. And it is in this respect that the film is less successful."
The BBC's Nicholas Barber found the film's battle sequences "spectacular", and also praised the performances of Kirby and Phoenix. Johnny Oleksinski of the New York Post wrote: "[...] it's too bad Scott could not deliver a brilliant character study of one of the world's great military leaders — and instead settled for letting a self-indulgent Phoenix fly over the cuckoo's nest". Time Out's Phil de Semylen gave the film three out of five stars, writing that "Ridley Scott’s beefy account of Napoleon’s rise to power looks great, is served with some panache, but crucially lacks flavour."

 Historical accuracy 
Many critics of the film's historical aspects, including historians Adam Tooze and Andrew Roberts, believed it ignored Napoleon's numerous non-military achievements, as well as his popularity with the French people. Roberts, a Napoleon biographer, said his portrayal as a proto-Hitler was "as tired as it is absurd". Historian Zack White agreed, saying the film mirrored contemporary British propaganda denigrating Napoleon as a "Corsican ruffian". Ellin Stein, writing for Slate, pointed out that Napoleon was known for his passion for literature and Enlightenment thought – a far cry from the boorish, loutish soldier that Scott depicts. French historian Patrice Gueniffey called the movie "anti-French" and full of historical inaccuracies, while fellow historian Romain Marsily found the portrayal of Napoleon "lackluster" and “mediocre” while disregarding Napoleon's positive legacies such as the Napoleonic Code. Spanish historian Francisco Gracia Alonso called the film "a crime". Historian Joan Tumblety wrote that the movie ignored relevant historical atrocities such as the Siege of Jaffa.Contrary to the film, Napoleon did not attend the execution of Marie Antoinette, as he was commanding forces at Toulon at the time. The movie additionally depicts a defeated Napoleon meeting Wellington, whereas in actuality, the two men never met. Oxford historian Michael Broers, who worked on the movie, noted several inaccuracies in Napoleon and Josephine's relationship, including the timing of their divorce (1809, not 1807), its nature (Napoleon did not slap Josephine during their divorce), and its rationale (Josephine is portrayed as encouraging the divorce, whereas in reality, she was fearful of it). The historical Josephine also died the day before Napoleon's exile to Elba, not a year later during the Hundred Days, and thus was not a factor in Napoleon's return.The film presents Napoleon as firing on the Pyramids of Giza, which never happened. Cairo egyptologist Salima Ikram pointed out that Napoleon held the Sphinx and the pyramids in high esteem and used them as motivation for his troops. "He definitely did not take pot shots at them." In an interview with The Times, Scott defended his depiction of the attack on the pyramids as being "a fast way of saying [Napoleon] took Egypt."Major events of Napoleon's reign such as the Peninsular War, the Saint-Domingue expedition, the Austrian campaign of 1809 and the campaigns of 1813 and 1814 are entirely omitted. The film's depiction of the battle of Waterloo silences the roles of Dutch and German armies. Napoleon's field marshals, who played a key role in his campaigns, are almost absent from the movie.Historian Paul du Quenoy criticized the depiction of Napoleonic era battlefield tactics, especially the Austerlitz sequence, "one of the few battles that the film depicts in detail." He noted that historians consider the ambush on the ice to be myth of the Austerlitz campaign, "a minor detail whose significance has been doubted almost since the time of the battle." Napoleon, an artillery officer by training, never personally led a cavalry charge, as is shown at Borodino and Waterloo. Franz-Stefan Gady, writing for Foreign Policy, described the battle sequences as "a Hollywood mishmash of medieval melees, meaningless cannonades, and World War I-style infantry advances." "For all of Scott’s fixation on Napoleon’s battles, he seems curiously disinterested in how the real Napoleon fought them."Scott dismissed criticisms of the film's historical inaccuracies. "Napoleon dies then, ten years later, someone writes a book. Then someone takes that book and writes another, and so, 400 [sic] years later, there's a lot of imagination [in history books]. When I have issues with historians, I ask: 'Excuse me, mate, were you there? No? Well, shut the fuck up then.'" Scott also declared, responding to French critics, that "the French don't even like themselves".

 Accolades 

 See also 
Cultural depictions of Napoleon

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Napoleon at IMDb

Triumfetta winneckeana
Triumfetta winneckeana is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae, native to central Australia, including Queensland, the Northern Territory, and Western Australia.

 Description 
The plant grows as a prostrate shrub in the arid zone of central Australia. The leaves are velvety, and the flowers are bright yellow with many stamens. The seeds are round, with hooked spikes protruding in all directions.  It is zoochorous, dispersing its barbed seeds via attachment to animals.

 Taxonomy 
The species was first described by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1884 based on a collection made by the explorer and botanist Charles Winnecke, whom the species epithet winneckeana honours.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay
The Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay – Motion Picture is a Golden Globe Award given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.

 Winners and nominees 

 1940s 

 1950s 

 1960s 

 1970s 

 1980s 

 1990s 

 2000s 

 2010s 

 2020s 

 Multiple wins and nominations 

 See also 
Academy Award for Best Story
BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay
BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay
Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay
Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay
AACTA International Award for Best Screenplay
Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Screenplay
Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay
Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Screenplay

 References 

 External links 
Nominees/Winners of Best Screenplay Award

Consuella Moore
Consuella "Connie" Moore (born August 29, 1981) is an American track and field sprinter who competes in the 100 and 200 meters.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, her first major outing came when she represented the United States in the 100 m at the 2000 World Junior Championships in Athletics. She began attending Penn State University in 2001 and was top three in both the 100 m and 200 m at the outdoor Big Ten Conference meet. She became the Big 10 Outdoors champion in both events in 2002 and also reached the final of the 200 m at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.In the 2003 indoor season, she came second in the 200 m at the NCAA Women's Indoor Track and Field Championship and was third at the NCAA Outdoors later that season. In her final year at Penn State she won both Outdoor Big 10 sprint events, was third in the 200 m at the NCAA Indoors and reached both sprint finals at the NCAA Outdoors. She was the athlete to win NCAA All-America honours for the Penn State Nittany Lions. She graduated with a degree in psychology in mid-2004.Moore was chosen for the 4×100 m relay at the 2003 Pan American Games and helped the United States to the gold medal alongside Ara Towns, Allyson Felix and Angela Daigle. She ran at the 2004 United States Olympic Trials and reached the finals of the 100 and 200 m sprints. This gained her a place in the relay pool for the 2004 Athens Olympics, but ultimately she did not compete.Her passion for the sport waned in the three years that followed and she ceased competition altogether in 2007 after a poor showing at the national championships. She had stopped enjoying the sport and often found it stressful. Discussions with Paralympic champion April Holmes and a chance meeting with Al Joyner led to Moore restarting her career in 2009. She worked under the coaching of Joyner and made her comeback at the 2010 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships by taking her first national title in the 200 m. Her winning time of 22.40 seconds ranked her as the fourth fastest athlete that season and the second best American after Allyson Felix. She went on to represent the Americas team at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup and she came in fourth place in the 200 m behind Cydonie Mothersille.

 See also 
List of Pennsylvania State University Olympians

 References 

 External links 
Consuella Moore at World Athletics

Carol Moseke
Carol Jean L. Moseke Frost (born March 8, 1945, in Cedar Rapids, Nebraska) is a female track and field athlete from the United States, competing in the discus throw. She represented her native country at the 1968 Summer Olympics, and won the gold medal in the women's discus throw event at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
She was a four-time champion in the women's discus at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Following the Olympics, Moseke returned to Nebraska and married Larry Frost, a former Nebraska football player, and from 1977 to 1980, Carol Frost coached the Huskers' women's track and field team.  Among her first athletes was Merlene Ottey, who won the first AIAW Championship for the Nebraska program.  Ottey went on to win the most women's Olympic track and field medals ever.Later, she got out of coaching track to coach football alongside her husband and eventually coached her sons Steve Frost and Scott Frost during their days as high school stars at Wood River High School. Steve, a former college lineman and long snapper at Colorado State and Stanford, is the public address announcer for Stanford Football home games, a job he's done for over 20 years. Scott quarterbacked the 1997 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team to a national championship, before becoming offensive coordinator at the University of Oregon, and later becoming the head coach at the University of Central Florida and the University of Nebraska.
As Carol Frost, she has continued to compete into the Masters age groups.  She holds the current American record in the W65, W70, and W75 Shot Put; the W60, W65, W70, and W75 records in the Discus; and the W65, W70, and W75 World record in the Javelin.

 References 

 External links 
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Carol Moseke". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-18.

Eleanor Montgomery
Eleanor Inez Montgomery (November 13, 1946 – December 28, 2013) was an American high jumper. She was a two-time Olympian, placing 8th in 1964 and 19th in 1968, and a Tigerbelle, the name of the Tennessee State University women's track and field program. Montgomery set her personal best in the high jump (1.80 m) on July 6, 1969 at the US National Championships in Dayton, which was an American record at that time. She also competed in the long jump and the pentathlon during her career.After retiring from competitions Montgomery worked for the Cleveland Municipal School District and participated in the Interchurch Youth Activities Program as an organizer and official at athletics competitions. Montgomery was also the Executive Director of the National Football League Players' Association Youth Camp and assisted with the Special Olympics. In 1976 she was inducted into the Greater Cleveland Sports Hall of Fame, and in 2013 into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

 Achievements 

 References 

 External links 
Eleanor Montgomery at legacy.USATF.org
Eleanor Montgomery at Olympics.com Eleanor Montgomery at Olympic.org (archived) 
Eleanor Montgomery at Olympedia

Janet Moreau
Janet Teresa Moreau Stone (October 26, 1927 – June 30, 2021) was an American track and field athlete who competed mainly in the 100 meters.

 Biography 
Moreau was born in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. She competed for the United States in the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland in the 4 x 100 meters, where she won the gold medal with her teammates Mae Faggs, Barbara Jones, and Catherine Hardy. Moreau was a national champion in the 50- yard dash, 220-yard dash, and was a 5-time national champion of the standing long jump. Prior to her Olympic win, she competed in the 1951 Pan American Games on the winning 4x100-relay team, while a senior at Boston University. At the time of the 1952 Olympics she was a P.E. teacher at Pawtucket West High School, now known as Shea High School in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.Stone's dream of joining the priesthood was blocked by gender restrictions. When she returned from the Olympics, she married Ray Stone. She was inducted into the Rhode Island Heritage Hall of Fame in 1968. The couple moved to Barrington, where Stone taught physical education at Barrington Middle School for 36 years and served as an interfaith minister. In 2010, Stone was selected as chaplain for the U.S. Olympic Team.Stone died in Barrington on June 30, 2021, at age 93.

 References 

Remontay McClain
Remontay McClain (born September 21, 1992) is an American sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres dash. While attending Covina High School, McClain ran the second-fastest 100 metres by a high school athlete in 2010, behind only Oliver Bradwell.A native of Victorville, California, McClain moved to Covina, California when he was 13. In his junior year at Covina High School, McClain won both the 100 m and 200 m California state championship. He was named a 2010 and 2011 All-USA track and field selection by USA Today. In his senior year, McClain repeated as 100 m and 200 m state champion, by setting Division 3 meet records in both events. He became only the third athlete in the 93 competitions of the CIF State Track and Field Championship meet to win back-to-back titles in the 100 and 200 meters, following Charlie Paddock (1917, 1918) and Randall Carroll (2008, 2009).Also an American football player, McClain was listed as one of the best wide receivers in Southern California before Covina was knocked out of the CIF playoffs by Whittier Christian High School his senior season. He committed to Azusa Pacific University on November 10, 2010.

 2010 
In June, McClain finished 9th in 21.89 in 200 meter prelims and 9th in 10.56 in 100 meter prelims at USATF Junior Outdoor Championships hosted at Drake Stadium in Des Moines, Iowa.

 2011 
In June, McClain finished 5th in 10.33 in 100 meter prelims at USATF Junior Outdoor Championships hosted at Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon.

 2013 
In June, McClain finished 10th in 20.90 in 200 meter at USATF Outdoor Championships hosted at Drake Stadium in Des Moines, Iowa.

 2014 
In June, McClain finished 9th in 20.49 in 200 meter and qualified for the 100 meter semifinal in 10.30 at USATF Outdoor Championships hosted at Hornet Stadium in Sacramento, California.

 2015 
In June, McClain finished 5th in  10.07 in 100 meter at USATF Outdoor Championships hosted at Hayward Field, Eugene, Oregon.On August 8, McClain won the 100 metre NACAC 2015 Senior Championships hosted at Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica, San Jose, Costa Rica.

 Personal bests 

 References 

 External links 
Remontay McClain at World Athletics 
DyeStat profile for Remontay McClain
Azusa Pacific Cougars bio
Fastest teenager in California on YouTube feature by Los Angeles Times

Don Paige
Donald J. Paige (born October 13, 1956) is an American retired middle-distance runner.

 Track career 
In 1979, while a student at Villanova University, Paige ran an indoor American Record of 2:20.3 for 1000m and a few months later ran a personal best of 3:54.6 for the mile.  In June he pulled off a rare 800m/1500m double at the NCAA championships, becoming only the third man to win both events after Ron Delany (1958) and Ross Hume (1945).  (In the 800, run only 35 minutes after the 1500m final, he ran a rare negative split race of 54.3/51.9, while in the 1500 he closed his last lap in a swift 53.7, the last 200 being covered in 26.2 seconds.) Two weeks later Paige ran a personal best for the 1500 of 3:37.4, good for 10th place on the all-time U.S. list at that time, in finishing second to Steve Scott at the AAU championships.  1979 culminated with him winning the 1500 meters title at the Pan American Games.
In 1980, Paige won the 800 at the USA Olympic Trials on 23 June 1980 in Eugene, Oregon, but was denied participation at the 1980 Olympic Games because of the USA boycott. Paige did however receive one of 461 Congressional Gold Medals created especially for the spurned athletes. In the race he set the world best year performance in the men's 800 metres in 1980 at 1:44.53 U.S. After the 1980 Olympics, he defeated the 800 meter Olympic silver medalist and world record holder Sebastian Coe by 0.03 seconds in an 800-meter race in Via Reggio, Italy, and was later ranked number one in the world for the 800m in 1980 by Track & Field News magazine. As some small consolation for missing the Olympics, he also won the 800 m at the Olympic Boycott Games.
His personal best in the same event came three years later: 1:44.29, achieved on 4 September 1983 in Rieti, Lazio, Italy.
Paige ran 3:54.19, his lifetime best for the mile, on May 16, 1982.
In 1984, Paige failed to qualify for the Olympics finishing fifth in the 800 m final at the Olympic Trials.

 Early life 
Paige was born in New York state, where he attended Charles W. Baker High School in Baldwinsville (near Syracuse), then attended Villanova University from where he graduated in 1980 with a degree in Business Administration in Finance. He was then awarded an NCAA Post-Graduate Scholarship, and attended for 1 year Drexel University's MBA program.As well as a student athlete, Paige was also from 1981 to 1984 Assistant Track Coach for Middle Distances at Villanova University.  Paige was honored in 1997 for his outstanding achievements as a middle-distance runner at Villanova including winning two NCAA Outdoor individual titles in the 800m (1979–80) and one at 1500m (1979), and at the indoor NCAA Championships three 1000y titles (1978–80). During his time at Villanova, Paige was coached by their legendary track coach Jumbo Elliott, and considered himself a graduate of the 'Jumbo Elliott' system like other Villanova track greats like Marty Liquori and Eamonn Coghlan. At Villanova, Paige also met his wife, Carolyn.After graduating from Vilanova, Paige ran for Marty Liquori's Athletic Attic track team.

 Later life 
Since retiring from athletics, Paige has worked on the design of track and field facilities, as owner of his own consultancy company.Looking back at the Olympic boycott, Paige has no lingering ill-feeling, in fact he is reported as saying he understood and supported President Carter's decision, even writing an article explaining his reasons for his school newspaper. His main regret, he has stated, was not getting the chance of 'walking in the opening ceremonies with all of those athletes from around the world'.On his victory over Seb Coe after the Olympics, Paige said "I was No. 1 in the world, but Sebastian Coe was a better half-miler than me, I just beat him that day."

 Rankings 
Paige was ranked among the best in the US and the world in the 800 m over the period 1979 to 1984, according to the votes of the experts of Track and Field News.Paige also showed early promise as 1500 m runner.Paige was also ranked no. 1 at 1000 y/1000 m in the US for five consecutive years.

 References 

Alysia Montaño
Alysia Montaño (née Johnson) (born April 23, 1986) is an American middle distance runner.  She is a six-time USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships 800 metres champion (2007, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2015). She gained significant publicity for the 2014 race that she competed while 8 months pregnant.

 Career 
Alysia Johnson moved to California from New York when she was 3 years old. She played soccer and ran cross country through high school. She ran for Canyon High School in Santa Clarita, California, with her high school career culminating in winning the 800 meters at the CIF California State Meet in 2004.  That year she was ranked #10 in the nation and finished fourth at the Golden West Invitational, a meet that proclaims itself to be a National championship of High School Track and Field.At the University of California, Berkeley, she continued to improve.  By 2006, she finished 3rd at the NCAA Women's Outdoor Track and Field Championships, setting personal bests three times during the competition.  2007 put her on the national stage, winning the NCAA Indoor Championship, the Outdoor Championship and breaking the 2 minute barrier.At the 2007 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, Montaño won her first national title in the 800 m with a time of 1:59.47. At the 2007 World Athletics Championships, Montaño was eliminated in the heats of the 800 m by finishing 4th with a time of 2:02.11.At the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, Montaño won her first international medal, a bronze, in the 800 m, finishing with a personal best time of 1:59.60. At the 2011 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, Montaño won the 800 m title in a time of 1:58.33 to defend her 2010 crown. She placed fourth at that year's World Championships in Daegu with her second fastest time of 1:57.48 minutes.  As a result of the disqualification of several Russian competitors, she advanced to the bronze medal.
She came close to a personal best at the 2012 Prefontaine Classic, winning the 800 m in 1:57.37 minutes.  At the 2012 Olympics, the front running Montaño held the lead until the kickers ran past her in the closing stages of the race, ultimately holding on to fifth place.  With the potential disqualification of two Russian athletes, that could turn into an Olympic bronze medal.  With the disqualification of Mariya Savinova that has been elevated to fourth, however Ekaterina Poistogova was not disqualified backdated to the 2012 Olympics despite receiving a lifetime ban for doping.  That decision allowed Poistogova to advance to the silver medal and prevented Montaño from advancing further.
She won the 2013 Milrose Games 600 meters and set an American Indoor Record of 1:23.59 on February 16.Won 2013 Penn Relays 4 × 800 meters and set American Outdoor Record in 8:04.31 on April 27. Lea Wallace (2:02.0), Brenda Martinez (2:00.6), Ajeé Wilson (2:03.1), Alysia Montano (1:58.6).  Again at the 2013 World Championships, Montaño finished fourth after leading and being passed in the closing stage of the race.  For the third major championship in a row, a Russian athlete, Mariya Savinova finished ahead of her.  With Savinova's lifetime ban for doping, this resulted into another bronze medal for Montaño when the medals were reallocated.
Alysia Montaño earned a silver medal at Athletics at the 2015 Pan American Games – Women's 800 metres in 1:59.76 the day after running a 50-point 400 meters relay leg in Athletics at the 2015 Pan American Games – Women's 4 × 400 metres relay.
Alysia Montaño did not qualify for the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics after falling in the USA Olympic trial finals.

 Major competition record 

 Personal bests 
As of June 2, 2013.

 Racing while pregnant 
Alysia garnered attention in June 2014 by competing in the USATF's USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships while eight months pregnant.  She finished last in a field of 29 in the 800 meters preliminaries with a time of 2:32.13.  She gave birth to Linnea Dori Montaño on August 15, 2014.A year later in June 2015, Alysia returned and won the 800 meters final of the US Trials and qualified for the World Athletics Championships 2015 in Beijing.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Alysia Montaño at World Athletics 
Alysia Montaño at legacy.USATF.org
Cal athlete bio: Alysia Montaño
Interview with Alysia Montano

Franklin Jacobs
Franklin Jacobs (born December 31, 1957 ) is a former high jumper from the United States.  His personal best of 2.32 meters (7 ft 7+1⁄4 in) was a world indoor record in 1978, and at 59 centimeters (23 in) above Jacobs' own height of 1.73 meters (5 ft 8 in), it remains the record for height differential, now held jointly with Stefan Holm.

 Biography 
Jacobs was one of ten children of Jannie Jacobs, living in a shack in Mullins, South Carolina. His parents separated when he was young. The impoverished family moved to Paterson, New Jersey when he was three and lived with four cousins. His first love was basketball, and he played for Paterson East-side High. He only started high jumping in his senior year, after the end of the basketball season.  He cleared 6 feet 8 inches (2.03 m) that year.  His natural talent overcame his lack of technique: he called his style the "Jacobs Slop", as opposed to the Fosbury Flop; but later renamed it the "Slope", from the trajectory of his launch.Jacobs barely graduated high school and got no athletic scholarship, but enrolled at Fairleigh Dickinson University in Teaneck, New Jersey with a federal grant.  He cleared 7 feet 1 inch (2.16 m) in his freshman year.  In March 1977 he tore cartilage in his right leg playing basketball, but competed for over a year without surgery. He established a rivalry with Dwight Stones over the next two years, with media emphasizing the contrast between Jacobs, a short inner-city African American, and Stones, a tall blond Californian. Stones antagonized Jacobs by criticizing his unorthodox jumping style. Jacobs beat Stones at the 1978 Millrose Games in Madison Square Garden, at which he set a world indoor record of 2.32 meters (7 ft 7+1⁄4 in). He waived his right to try for an even higher record, saying he "didn't feel nervous enough". Two months later, Vladimir Yashchenko broke the record in Milan. In July, at a highly publicized international between the U.S. and the Soviet Union, Jacobs lost to Yashchenko on countback. In August, Jacobs won the Tanqueray Award for outstanding amateur athlete; by then he had won 27 collegiate events.Jacobs anticipated gaining lucrative endorsements from the 1980 Olympics, but the U.S. boycott of the Games precluded this. He was extremely disappointed and wanted to skip the U.S. "Olympic Trials"; he attended by request of his college, but failed his opening height. He gave up the high jump and did not return to college. A planned return to competition in 1982  did not happen. In 1991, he commented, "I was upset and my dreams were shattered. I probably could have come back in 1984, but I was a naive kid. It was like the floor fell in."He subsequently had various jobs around Paterson, working for a construction company 1986–91. He married Naomi Livingston c.1990 and had a daughter Shannon in 1992. Around 1995, they moved to Gilbert, Arizona. In 1998 he was working for an electrical installation company.  That year, he attended a Millrose Games tribute to stars of memorable previous meets.

 Championship results 

 See also 
Men's high jump indoor world record progression

 References 

 External links 
Franklin Jacobs at World Athletics

Lauryn Hill
Lauryn Noelle Hill (born May 26, 1975) is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. Hill is regarded as one of the greatest rappers of all time, as well as one of the most influential musicians of her generation. She is often credited for breaking barriers for female rappers, popularizing melodic rap, and pioneering neo soul for mainstream audiences. In addition to being named one of the 50 Great Voices by NPR, Hill was listed as one of the 200 Greatest Singers of All Time by Rolling Stone. In 2015, she was ranked as the greatest female rapper by Billboard. Her other accolades include eight Grammy Awards—the most for any female rapper.
Hill began her career as a teen actress. She landed a role in the soap opera As the World Turns (1991), and starred in the off-Broadway play Club XII alongside MC Lyte. Her performance as Rita in the film Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit (1993), was widely praised. Hill gained further prominence as the frontwoman of the hip hop trio Fugees, which she formed 1990 with fellow musicians Wyclef Jean and Pras. Their second album, The Score (1996) peaked atop the Billboard 200, and led her to become the first woman to win the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album. The album included the hit singles "Killing Me Softly" and "Ready or Not." As a soloist, she first guest performed on Nas' 1996 single, "If I Ruled the World (Imagine That)." In the following year, the Fugees disbanded and Hill wrote, produced, and directed the music video for Aretha Franklin's single "A Rose Is Still a Rose."
Her solo debut studio album, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill (1998) was met with widespread critical acclaim and commercial success. The album made Hill the first female rapper to debut atop the Billboard 200; the first female rapper to receive a diamond certification by Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA); and remains one of the best-selling albums of all time worldwide. Its lead single, "Doo Wop (That Thing)" debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, and was listed as a Song of the Century by the RIAA. Its follow up singles, "Ex-Factor" and "Everything Is Everything" peaked within the top 40 on the chart. At the 41st Grammy Awards, she set the record for the most nominations in one night for a female, and became the first rapper to win Album of the Year.
In 1999, Hill became the first rapper to grace the cover of Time magazine, received a President's Award from the NAACP for her humanitarian work, and released the Bob Marley duet "Turn Your Lights Down Low." Furthermore, she produced and wrote Mary J. Blige's single "All That I Can Say". Her work as a producer on Santana's album Supernatural (1999), earned her a consecutive Grammy Award for Album of the Year. In 2002, she released the new-material live album, MTV Unplugged No. 2.0, which reached the top five on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified platinum by the RIAA. Ultimately, Hill dropped out of the public eye, only periodically releasing singles. In 2014, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill became the first recording by a female rapper to be selected for the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress.

 Early life 
Lauryn Noelle Hill was born on May 26, 1975, in East Orange, New Jersey. Her mother, Valerie Hill, was an English teacher and her father, Mal Hill, a computer and management consultant. She has one older brother named Malaney who was born in 1972. Her Baptist family moved to New York for a short period before settling in South Orange.Hill has said of her musically oriented family: "there were so many records, so much music constantly being played. My mother played the piano, my father sang, and we were always surrounded by music." Her father sang in local nightclubs and at weddings. While growing up, Hill frequently listened to Curtis Mayfield, Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin, and Gladys Knight; years later she recalled playing Marvin Gaye's What's Going On repeatedly until she fell asleep to it.In middle school, Hill performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" before a basketball game. Due to its popularity, subsequent games featured a recording of her rendition. In 1988, Hill appeared as an Amateur Night contestant on It's Showtime at the Apollo. She sang her version of the Smokey Robinson track "Who's Lovin' You", garnering an initially harsh reaction from the crowd. She persevered through the performance.Hill attended Columbia High School, where she was a member of the track team, cheerleading squad and was a classmate of actor Zach Braff. She also took violin lessons, went to dance class, and founded the school's gospel choir. Academically, she took advanced placement classes and received primarily 'A' grades. School officials recognized her as a leader among the student body. Later recalling her education, Hill commented, "I had a love for—I don't know if it was necessarily for academics, more than it just was for achieving, period. If it was academics, if it was sports, if it was music, if it was dance, whatever it was, I was always driven to do a lot in whatever field or whatever area I was focusing on at the moment."

 Career 

 1991–1993: Career beginnings 
While a freshman in high school, through mutual friends, Prakazrel "Pras" Michel approached Hill about a music group he was creating. Hill and Pras began under the name Translator Crew. They came up with this name because they wanted to rhyme in different languages. Another female vocalist was soon replaced by Michel's cousin, multi-instrumentalist Wyclef Jean. The group began performing in local showcases and high school talent shows. Hill was initially only a singer, but then learned to rap too; instead of modeling herself on female rappers like Salt-N-Pepa and MC Lyte, she preferred male rappers like Ice Cube and developed her flow from listening to them. Hill later said, "I remember doing my homework in the bathroom stalls of hip-hop clubs."While growing up, Hill took acting lessons in Manhattan. She began her acting career in 1991 appearing with Jean in Club XII, MC Lyte's Off-Broadway hip-hop rendering of Shakespeare's Twelfth Night. While the play was not a success, an agent noticed her. Later that year, Hill began appearing on the soap opera As the World Turns in a recurring role as troubled teenager Kira Johnson. She subsequently co-starred alongside Whoopi Goldberg in the 1993 release Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit, playing Rita Louise Watson, an inner-city Catholic school teenager with a surly, rebellious attitude. In it, she performed the songs "His Eye Is on the Sparrow" (a duet with Tanya Blount) and "Joyful, Joyful".Director Bill Duke credited Hill with improvising a rap in a scene: "None of that was scripted. That was all Lauryn. She was amazing." Critic Roger Ebert called her "the girl with the big joyful voice", although he thought her talent was wasted, while Rolling Stone said she "performed marvelously against type ... in the otherwise perfunctory [film]". Hill also appeared in Steven Soderbergh's 1993 motion picture King of the Hill, in a minor but pivotal role as a 1930s gum-popping elevator operator. Soderbergh biographer Jason Wood described her as supplying one of the warmest scenes in the film. Hill graduated from Columbia High School in 1993.

 1994–1996: The Fugees 

 Blunted on Reality and The Score 
Pras, Hill and Jean renamed their group Fugees, a derivative of the word "refugee", which was a derogatory term for Haitian Americans. Hill began a romantic relationship with Jean. The Fugees, who signed a contract with Columbia/Ruffhouse Records in 1993, became known for their genre blending, particularly of reggae, rock and soul, which was first experimented on their debut album, Blunted on Reality, released in 1994. It reached No. 62 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart but overall sold poorly and was met by poor critical reviews due to their management's insistence they adopt gangsta rap attitudes. Although the album made little impact, Hill's rapping on "Some Seek Stardom" was seen as a highlight. Within the group, she was frequently referred to by the nickname "L. Boogie". Hill's image and artistry, as well as her full, rich, raspy alto voice, placed her at the forefront of the band, with some fans urging her to begin a solo career.The Fugees' second album, The Score (1996), peaked at No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and stayed in the top ten of that chart for over half a year. It sold about seven million copies in the United States and more than 20 million copies worldwide. In the 1996 Pazz & Jop Critics Poll, The Score came second in the list of best albums and three of its tracks placed within the top 20 best singles. It won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album, and was later included on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. The Score garnered praise for being a strong alternative to the gangsta idiom, and Hill stated, "We're trying to do something positive with the music because it seems like only the negative is rising to the top these days. It only takes a drop of purity to clean a cesspool."Singles from The Score included "Fu-Gee-La" and "Ready or Not", which highlighted Hill's singing and rapping abilities, and the Bob Marley cover "No Woman, No Cry". Her rendition of "Killing Me Softly" became the group's breakout hit. Buttressed by what Rolling Stone publications later called Hill's "evocative" vocal line and her "amazing pipes", the track became pervasive on pop, R&B, hip hop, and adult contemporary radio formats. It won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. On the album, Hill combined African-American music and Caribbean music influences with socially conscious lyrics. Newsweek mentioned Hill's "irresistibly cute looks" and proclaimed her "the most powerful new voice in rap".

 Disbandment and motherhood 
At 21 years old, Hill was still living at home with her parents. She had been enrolled at Columbia University during this period, and considered majoring in history as she became a sophomore, but left after about a year of total studies once sales of The Score went into the millions. In 1996, she responded to a false rumor on The Howard Stern Show that she had made a racist comment on MTV, saying "How can I possibly be a racist? My music is universal. And I believe in God. If I believe in God, then I have to love all of God's creations. There can be no segregation."In 1996, Hill founded the Refugee Project, a non-profit outreach organization that sought to transform the attitudes and behavior of at-risk urban youth. Part of this was Camp Hill, which offered stays in the Catskill Mountains for such youngsters; another was production of an annual Halloween haunted house in East Orange. Hill also raised money for Haitian refugees, supported clean water well-building projects in Kenya and Uganda, and staged a rap concert in Harlem to promote voter registration. A 1997 benefit event for the Refugee Project introduced a board of trustees for the organization that included Sean Combs, Mariah Carey, Busta Rhymes, Spike Lee, and others as members.In 1997, the Fugees split to work on solo projects, which Jean later blamed on his tumultuous relationship with Hill and the fact he married his wife Claudinette while still involved with Hill. Meanwhile, in the summer of 1996 Hill had met Rohan Marley, a son of Bob Marley and a former University of Miami football player. Hill subsequently began a relationship with him, while still also involved with Jean. Hill became pregnant in late 1996, and on August 3, 1997, Marley and Hill's first child, Zion David, was born. The couple lived in Hill's childhood house in South Orange after she bought her parents a new house down the street.Hill had a cameo appearance in the 1997 film Hav Plenty. In 1998, Hill took up another small, but important role in the film Restaurant; Entertainment Weekly praised her portrayal of the protagonist's pregnant former girlfriend as bringing vigor to the film.

 1997–1999: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill 
Hill recorded her solo record The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill from late 1997 through June 1998 at Tuff Gong Studios in Jamaica. The title was inspired by the book The Mis-Education of the Negro (1933) by Carter G. Woodson and The Education of Sonny Carson, a film and autobiographical novel. The album featured contributions from D'Angelo, Carlos Santana, Mary J. Blige and the then-unknown John Legend. Wyclef Jean initially did not support Hill recording a solo album, but eventually offered his production help; Hill turned him down.Several songs on the album concerned her frustration with the Fugees; "I Used to Love Him" dealt with the breakdown of the relationship between Hill and Wyclef Jean. Other songs such as "To Zion" spoke about her decision to have her first baby, even though many at the time encouraged her to have an abortion so to not interfere with her blossoming career. "To Zion" was written to her son, Zion David Marley, who she had with one of Bob Marley's sons, Rohan Marley. Zion was the first of 5 children they had together. Indeed, Hill's pregnancy revived her from a period of writer's block.In terms of production, Hill collaborated with a group of musicians known as New Ark, consisting of Vada Nobles, Rasheem Pugh, Tejumold Newton, and Johari Newton. Hill later said that she wanted to "write songs that lyrically move me and have the integrity of reggae and the knock of hip-hop and the instrumentation of classic soul" and that the production on the album was intended to make the music sound raw and not computer-aided. Hill spoke of pressure from her label to emulate Prince, wherein all tracks would be credited as written and produced by the artist with little outside help. She also wanted to be appreciated as an auteur as much as Jean had within the Fugees. She also saw a feminist cause: "But step out and try and control things and there are doubts. This is a very sexist industry. They'll never throw the 'genius' title to a sister." While recording the album, when Hill was asked about providing contracts or documentation to the musicians, she replied, "We all love each other. This ain't about documents. This is blessed."Released on August 25, 1998, the album received rave reviews from contemporary music critics, and was the most acclaimed album of 1998. Critics lauded the album's blending of the R&B, doo-wop, pop, hip-hop, and reggae genres and its honest representation of a woman's life and relationships. David Browne, writing in Entertainment Weekly, called it "an album of often-astonishing power, strength, and feeling", and praised Hill for "easily flowing from singing to rapping, evoking the past while forging a future of her own". Robert Christgau quipped, "PC record of the year—songs soft, singing ordinary, rapping skilled, rhymes up and down, skits de trop, production subtle and terrific". In 2017, NPR rated the album as the second-best album of all time created by a woman.It sold nearly 423,000 copies in its first week (boosted by advance radio play of two non-label-sanctioned singles, "Lost Ones" and "Can't Take My Eyes Off You") and topped the Billboard 200 for four weeks and the Billboard R&B Albums chart for six weeks. It went on to sell about 10 million copies in the United States, and 20 million copies worldwide. During 1998 and 1999, Hill earned $25 million from record sales and touring. Hill, along with Blige, Missy Elliott, Meshell Ndegeocello, Erykah Badu, and others, found a voice with the neo soul genre.The first single released from the album was "Doo Wop (That Thing)", which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It exemplified Hill's appeal, combining feelings of self-empowerment with self-defense. Other charted singles from the album were "Ex-Factor", which has been sampled by Drake and Cardi B, "Everything Is Everything" and "To Zion". In the 1998 Pazz & Jop Critics Poll, Miseducation came second in the list of best albums and "Doo Wop (That Thing)" second in best singles.In November 1998, Marley and Hill's second child, Selah Louise, was born. Of being a young mother of two, Hill said, "It's not an easy situation at all. You have to really pray and be honest with yourself."In the run-up to the 1999 Grammy Awards, Hill became the first woman to be nominated in ten categories in a single year. In addition to Miseducation works, the nominations included her rendition of "Can't Take My Eyes Off You" for the 1997 film Conspiracy Theory, which had appeared on Billboard charts, and Hill's writing and producing of "A Rose Is Still a Rose", which became a late-in-career hit for Aretha Franklin. She appeared on several magazine covers, including Time, Esquire, Rolling Stone, Teen People, and The New York Times Fashion Magazine. During the ceremony, Hill broke another record by becoming the first woman to win five times in one night, taking home the awards for Album of the Year, Best R&B Album, Best R&B Song, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance, and Best New Artist. During an acceptance speech, she said, "This is crazy. This is hip-hop!" Hill had brought forth a new, mainstream acceptance of the genre.In February 1999, Hill received four awards at the 30th Annual NAACP Image Awards. In May 1999, she became the youngest woman ever named to Ebony magazine's 100+ Most Influential Black Americans list; in November of that year, the same publication named her as one of "10 For Tomorrow" in the "Ebony 2000: Special Millennium Issue". In May 1999, she made People magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People list. The publication, which has called her "model-gorgeous", praised the 5-foot-4-inch (1.63 m) Hill for her idiosyncratic sense of personal style. In June 1999, she received an Essence Award, but her acceptance speech, where she said there was no contradiction in religious love and servitude and "[being] who you are, as fly and as hot and as whatever", drew reaction from those in the public who thought she was not a good role model as a young, unwed mother of two. This was a repetition of criticism she had received after the birth of her first child, and she had said that she and Marley would soon be married. In early 2000, Hill was one of the producers to share the Grammy Award for Album of the Year awarded for Santana's 1999 multi-million-selling Supernatural, whereon she had written, produced, and rapped on the track "Do You Like the Way" (a rumination on the direction the world was headed, it also featured the singing of CeeLo Green and the signature guitar runs of Carlos Santana). She was also nominated for Best R&B Song for "All That I Can Say", which she had written and produced for Mary J. Blige. Also, her concocted duet with Bob Marley on "Turn Your Lights Down Low" for the 1999 remix tribute album Chant Down Babylon additionally appeared in the 1999 film The Best Man and later received a Grammy nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.
In November 1998, New Ark filed a fifty-page lawsuit against Hill, her management, and record label, claiming that Hill "used their songs and production skills, but failed to properly credit them for the work" on Miseducation. The musicians claimed to be the primary songwriters on two tracks, and major contributors on several others, though Gordon Williams, a prominent recorder, engineer, and mixer on Miseducation, described the album as a "powerfully personal effort by Hill" and said, "It was definitely her vision." Hill responded that New Ark had been appropriately credited and now were seeking to take advantage of her success. New Ark requested partial writing credits on most of the tracks on the album as well as monetary reimbursement. After many delays, depositions took place during the latter part of 2000. In part, the case illustrated the difficult boundaries between songwriting and all other aspects that went into contemporary arranging, sampling, and recording. The suit was eventually settled out of court in February 2001, with Hill paying New Ark a reported $5 million. A friend of Hill's later said of the suit, "That was the beginning of a chain effect that would turn everything a little crazy."

 2000–2003: Self-imposed exile and MTV Unplugged No. 2.0 
Hill began writing a screenplay about the life of Bob Marley, in the production of which she planned to play his wife Rita. She also began producing a romantic comedy about soul food with a working title of Sauce, and accepted a starring role in the film adaptation of Toni Morrison's novel Beloved; she later dropped out of both projects due to pregnancy. She also reportedly turned down acting roles in the remake for A Star Is Born (the movie was later released in 2018, with the part going to Lady Gaga), Dreamgirls (the role of Deena, later played by Beyoncé), Charlie's Angels (the part that went to Lucy Liu), The Bourne Identity, The Mexican, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Revolutions.During 2000, Hill dropped out of the public eye. The pressures of fame began to overwhelm her. She disliked not being able to go out of her house to do simple errands without having to worry about her physical appearance. She fired her management team and began attending Bible study classes five days a week; she also stopped doing interviews, watching television and listening to music. She started associating with a "spiritual advisor" named Brother Anthony. Some familiar with Hill believe Anthony more resembled a cult leader than a spiritual advisor, and thought his guidance probably inspired much of Hill's more controversial public behavior.She later described this period of her life to Essence saying "People need to understand that the Lauryn Hill they were exposed to in the beginning was all that was allowed in that arena at that time ... I had to step away when I realized that for the sake of the machine, I was being way too compromised. I felt uncomfortable about having to smile in someone's face when I really didn't like them or even know them well enough to like them." She also spoke about her emotional crisis, saying, "For two or three years I was away from all social interaction. It was a very introspective time because I had to confront my fears and master every demonic thought about inferiority, about insecurity or the fear of being black, young and gifted in this western culture." She went on to say that she had to fight to retain her identity, and was forced "to deal with folks who weren't happy about that."In July 2001, while pregnant with her third child, Hill unveiled her new material to a small crowd, for a taping of an MTV Unplugged special. A live album of the concert, titled MTV Unplugged No. 2.0, was released in May 2002 and featured only her singing and playing an acoustic guitar. Unlike the near-unanimous praise of Miseducation, 2.0 sharply divided critics. AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars, saying that the recording "is the unfinished, unflinching presentation of ideas and of a person. It may not be a proper follow-up to her first album, but it is fascinating." Rolling Stone called the album "a public breakdown", and Robert Hilburn of the Los Angeles Times said the album's title opened Hill up for jokes that she had become unhinged. NME wrote that "Unplugged 2.0 is a sparse and often gruelling listen, but there is enough genius shading these rough sketches to suggest that all might not yet be lost." With the mixed reviews and no significant radio airplay, 2.0 debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard 200. The album was later certified Platinum in the US by the RIAA; and has received retrospective praise by music critics.Her song "Mystery of Iniquity" from the album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female Rap Solo Performance, and was used as an interpolation by hip-hop producer/songwriter Kanye West for his single "All Falls Down" featuring Syleena Johnson, leading to Hill being credited as a songwriter on the song.Around 2001, Marley and Hill's third child, Joshua Omaru, was born. He was followed a year later by their fourth, John Nesta. While Hill sometimes had spoken of Marley as her husband, they never married, and along the way she was informed that Marley had been previously married at a young age. According to a 2003 Rolling Stone report, he had never secured a divorce. Marley later disputed this and made public to a blog a 1996 divorce document from Haiti. The two had been living in a high-end Miami hotel, but around 2003 she moved out into her own place in that city. Hill later said that she and Marley "have had long periods of separation over the years". Hill slowly worked on a new album and it was reported that by 2003, Columbia Records had spent more than $2.5 million funding it, including installing a recording studio in the singer's Miami apartment and flying different musicians around the country.By 2002, Hill had shut down her non-profit Refugee Project. She said, "I had a nonprofit organization and I had to shut all that down. You know, smiling with big checks, obligatory things, not having things come from a place of passion. That's slavery. Everything we do should be a result of our gratitude for what God has done for us. It should be passionate."In December 2003, Hill, during a performance in Vatican City, spoke of the "corruption, exploitation, and abuses" in reference to the molestation of boys by Catholic priests in the United States and the cover-up of offenses by Catholic Church officials. High-ranking church officials were in attendance, but Pope John Paul II was not present. The Catholic League called Hill "pathologically miserable" and claimed her career was "in decline". The following day, several reporters suggested that Hill's comments at the Vatican may have been influenced by her spiritual advisor, Brother Anthony.

 2004–2009: Sporadic touring and recording 
In 2004, Hill contributed a new song, "The Passion", to The Passion of the Christ: Songs. A remix version with John Legend of his "So High" ended up receiving a Grammy Award nomination for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. Around this time, Hill began selling a pay-per-view music video of the song "Social Drugs" through her website. Those who purchase the $15 video would only be able to view it three times before it expired. In addition to the video, Hill began selling autographed posters and Polaroids through her website, with some items listed at upwards of $500.For the first time since 1997, the Fugees performed in September 2004 at Dave Chappelle's Block Party in the Bedford–Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn. The concert featured Hill's nearly a cappella rendition of "Killing Me Softly". The event was recorded by director Michel Gondry and was released on March 3, 2006, to universal acclaim. The Fugees also appeared at BET Awards 2005 during June 2005, where they opened the show with a 12-minute set. One track, "Take It Easy", was leaked online and thereafter was released as an Internet single in late September. It peaked at No. 40 on the Billboard R&B Chart.In 2005, she told USA Today, "If I make music now, it will only be to provide information to my own children. If other people benefit from it, then so be it." When asked how she now felt about the songs on 2.0, she stated "a lot of the songs were transitional. The music was about how I was feeling at the time, even though I was documenting my distress as well as my bursts of joy."The Fugees embarked on a European tour in late 2005. Old tensions between Hill and the other members of the group soon resurfaced, and the reunion ended before an album could be recorded; Jean and Michel both blamed Hill for the split. Hill reportedly demanded to be addressed by everyone, including her bandmates, as "Ms. Hill"; she also considered changing her moniker to "Empress". Hill's tardiness was also cited as a contributing factor.Hill began touring on her own, although to mixed reviews; often arriving late to concerts (sometimes by over two hours), performing unpopular reconfigurations of her songs and sporting an exaggerated appearance. On some occasions, fans have booed her and left early. In June 2007, Sony Records said Hill had been recording through the past decade, had accumulated considerable unreleased material and had re-entered the studio with the goal of making a new album. Later that same year, an album titled Ms. Hill, which featured cuts from Miseducation, various soundtracks contributions and other "unreleased" songs, was released. It features guest appearances from D'Angelo, Rah Digga and John Forté. Also in June 2007, Hill released a new song, "Lose Myself", on the soundtrack to the film Surf's Up.In early 2008, Marley and Hill's fifth child, Sara, was born. The couple were not living together, although Marley considered them "spiritually together" even while listing himself as single on social media. Hill later said that she and Marley "have [had] a long and complex history about which many inaccuracies have been reported since the beginning" and that they both valued their privacy. By August 2008, Hill was living with her mother and children in her hometown of South Orange, New Jersey.Reports in mid-2008 claimed that Columbia Records then believed Hill to be on hiatus. Marley disputed these claims, telling an interviewer that Hill has enough material for several albums: "She writes music in the bathroom, on toilet paper, on the wall. She writes it in the mirror if the mirror smokes up. She writes constantly. This woman does not sleep". One of the few public appearances Hill made in 2008 was at a Martha Stewart book-signing in New Jersey, perplexing some in the press.In April 2009, it was reported that Hill would engage in a 10-day tour of European summer festivals during mid-July of that year. She performed two shows for the tour and passed out on stage during the start of her second performance and left the stage. She refused to provide refunds for angry consumers. On June 10, Hill's management informed the promoters of the Stockholm Jazz Festival, which she was scheduled to headline, that she would not be performing due to unspecified "health reasons." Shortly afterward, the rest of the tour was canceled as well.

 2010–present: Further activities and imprisonment 
In January 2010, Hill returned to the live stage and performed in stops across New Zealand and Australia on the Raggamuffin Music Festival. Many of the songs that Hill had performed and recorded over the past six years were included on an April 2010 unofficial compilation album titled Khulami Phase. The album also features a range of other material found on the Ms. Hill compilation. Hill appeared at the Harmony Festival in Santa Rosa, California, in June 2010, her first live American performance in several years. An unreleased song called "Repercussions" was leaked via the Internet in late July 2010, debuting at No. 94 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs (and peaked at No. 83 the following week), making it her first Billboard chart appearance as a lead artist since 1999.
Hill joined the Rock the Bells hip-hop festival series in the U.S. during August 2010, and as part of that year's theme of rendering classic albums, she performed The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill in its entirety for the first time. She increased the tempo and urgency from the original recording, but at times had difficulty in communicating with her band. Hill continued touring, including a set at the 6th Annual Jazz in the Gardens, in Miami Gardens, Florida in December. In Spring 2011, Hill performed at the Coachella Valley Music Festival, New Orleans Jazz Fest, and at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. In July 2011, Hill gave birth to her sixth child, Micah, her first not with Rohan Marley; the father remains publicly unknown.In February 2012, Hill performed a new song titled "Fearless Vampire Killer", during a sold-out performance at the Warner Theater in Washington, D.C. In late 2012, Hill toured with rapper Nas; her portion of the tour, titled Black Rage, is named after her song, released October 30. Hill has described the song as being "about the derivative effects of racial inequity and abuse" and "a juxtaposition to the statement 'life is good,' which she believes can only be so when these long standing issues are addressed and resolved."In June 2012, Hill was charged with three counts of tax fraud or failing to file taxes (Title 26 USC § 7202 Willful failure to collect or pay over tax) not tax evasion on $1.8 million of income earned between 2005 and 2007. During this time she had toured as a musical artist, earned royalties from both her records and from films she had appeared in, and had owned and been in charge of multiple corporations. In a long post to her Tumblr, Hill said that she had gone "underground" and had rejected pop culture's "climate of hostility, false entitlement, manipulation, racial prejudice, sexism, and ageism." She added, "When I was working consistently without being affected by the interferences mentioned above, I filed and paid my taxes. This only stopped when it was necessary to withdraw from society, in order to guarantee the safety and well-being of myself and my family."In June 2012, Hill appeared in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey in Newark and pleaded guilty to the charges. Her attorney said she would make restitution for the back taxes she owed. By April 2013, Hill had paid back only $50,000 of the $554,000 she owed immediately. U.S. Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo criticized Hill, saying "This is not someone who stands before the court penniless. This is a criminal matter. Actions speak louder than words, and there has been no effort here to pay these taxes." Hill faced possible eviction from her rented home in South Orange as well as a civil lawsuit from the town for running a business out of a home without a zoning permit.On May 4, 2013, Hill released her first official single in over a decade, "Neurotic Society (Compulsory Mix)". She later published a message on her Tumblr describing how she was "required to release [it] immediately, by virtue of the impending legal deadline." The release received some criticism for lyrics that appeared to tie societal decay to certain LGBT social movements. Hill responded that the song was not targeted at any particular group but was instead focused on anyone hiding behind neurotic behavior. Following a deal with Sony Music, which involves Hill creating a new record label within the company, Hill was said to be scheduled to release her first album in fifteen years during 2013.On May 6, 2013, Hill was sentenced by Judge Arleo to serve three months in prison for failing to file taxes/tax fraud and three months' house arrest afterwards as part of a year of supervised probation. She had faced a possible sentence of as long as 36 months, and the sentence given took into account her lack of a prior criminal record and her six minor-aged children. By this point Hill had fully paid back $970,000 in back taxes and penalties she owed, which also took into account an additional $500,000 that Hill had in unreported income for 2008 and 2009. In the courtroom, Hill said that she had lived "very modestly" considering how much money she had made for others, and that "I am a child of former slaves who had a system imposed on them. I had an economic system imposed on me." Hill reported to the minimum-security Federal Correctional Institution, Danbury on July 8, 2013, to begin serving her sentence.Hill was released from prison on October 4, 2013, a few days early for good behavior, and began her home confinement and probationary periods. She put out a single called "Consumerism" that she had finished, via verbal and e-mailed instructions, while incarcerated. Judge Arleo allowed her to postpone part of her confinement in order to tour in late 2013 under strict conditions.During 2014, Hill was heard as the narrator of Concerning Violence, an award-winning Swedish documentary on the African liberation struggles of the 1960s and 1970s. She also continued to draw media attention for her erratic behavior, appearing late twice in the same day for sets at Voodoo Fest in November 2014.In May 2015, Hill canceled her scheduled concert outside Tel Aviv in Israel following a social media campaign from activists promoting the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions campaign. She said she had wanted to also perform a show in Ramallah in the West Bank but logistical problems had proved too great. Hill stated: "It is very important to me that my presence or message not be misconstrued, or a source of alienation to either my Israeli or my Palestinian fans."Hill contributed her voice to the soundtrack for What Happened, Miss Simone?, a 2015 documentary about the life of Nina Simone, an American singer, pianist, and civil rights activist. Hill was originally supposed to record only two songs for the record, but ended up recording six. She also served as a producer on the compilation alongside Robert Glasper. Hill said of her connection to Simone: "Because I fed on this music ... I believed I always had a right to have a voice. Her example is clearly a form of sustenance to a generation needing to find theirs. What a gift." NPR critically praised Hill's performance on the soundtrack, stating: "This album mainly showcases Lauryn Hill's breadth and dexterity. Not formally marketed as Hill's comeback album, her six tracks here make this her most comprehensive set of studio recordings since The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill in 1998."In April 2016, Hill hosted and headlined what was billed as the inaugural Diaspora Calling! festival at the Kings Theatre in Brooklyn. The festival's purpose was to showcase the efforts of musicians and artists from around the African diaspora like Brooklyn Haitian Rara band Brother High Full tempo. The following month, Hill was approximately 2 hours and 20 minutes late for her show at the Chastain Park Amphitheatre in Atlanta, though members of Hill's team claimed it was only an hour after their scheduled start time. Moments after the less-than-40-minute show ended due to the venue's strict 11:00 p.m. closing time, Hill said her driver had gotten lost and she could not help that. Less than 48 hours later, after a large backlash from her fans on Twitter, she took to her Facebook page and stated she was late for the concert because of certain needs, including her need to "align her energy with the time."
Hill recorded a studio version of her song, "Guarding the Gates", for the movie Queen & Slim which was released on November 27, 2019. She had been singing this song during live performances for several years prior to the recording for the movie. This song appears on the album, Queen & Slim: The Soundtrack.

 Activism 

 Philanthropy 
In the late 1990s, Hill presided over the Refugee Project, a nonprofit organization that served youth in New Jersey. The organization offered New Jersey youth scholarships, mentoring, after-school programs, a reading club and a summer camp program. The Refugee Project's board of directors included Mariah Carey, Spike Lee, actor Malcolm Jamal Warner, and rappers Busta Rhymes, Q-Tip, and Nas.In 1999, she collaborated with the Federal government of the United States for an anti-drug campaign. On July 11, 2000, a hearing evaluating the National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign was held at Congress. During the hearing, it was announced that Hill's ad from the campaign was the most popular amongst a group of polled youth, with nearly 95 percent stating that they were affected by the ad. That same year, Hill participated in UNCF's 'Evening of Stars' telethon fundraiser, which raised $13.5 million.In 2003, Hill was scheduled to perform at a Christmas benefit concert at the Vatican, located in a 7,500-seat concert hall customarily used by the Pope for his weekly general audiences. During the concert, Hill spoke out against sexual abuse of children by priests, stating "God has been a witness to the corruption of his leadership, to the exploitation and abuses. It is the least one can say about the clergy." Hill added "I realize some of you may be offended by what I’m saying, but what do you say to the families who were betrayed by the people in whom they believed?". The Pope was not in attendance; however, concert attendees included Cardinal Camillo Ruini, the pope's vicar for Rome and the head of Italian bishops conference, his deputy, Monsignor Rino Fisichella, and Edmund Szoka. The comments sparked controversy at the time, and were edited out of the broadcast, which was set to air on Mediaset's flagship Canale 5 station. In retrospect, many critics have applauded Hill for speaking out.Hill later performed during the 2005 Live 8 benefit concert, to help raise awareness on global poverty.She published the song "Black rage" to SoundCloud in protest of the 2014 killing of Michael Brown. That same year, she performed at the Amnesty International 'Bringing Human Rights Home' benefit concert in New York, in support of Pussy Riot; where she gave a rendition of her protest song "Black Rage".In 2015, she canceled a show in Israel after she was faced with a social media campaign by activists who urged her to boycott Israel over its occupation of Palestinian land. She later clarified that she does not take sides in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but "believes in dignity for all sides", according to professor Noura Erakat.Hill released an updated version of her 2002 track "I Find It Hard to Say (Rebel)" from her MTV Unplugged No. 2.0 album entitled "Rebel" in 2016. The 2002 song was originally written about the Killing of Amadou Diallo, and was updated due to the influx of Police brutality in the United States at the time. The updated song was released exclusively on Tidal, and was performed at the Tidal X 1015 charity concert hosted by Jay-Z.Variety reported that Hill declined an offer by the National Football League to join pop rock band Maroon 5 during their Super Bowl LIII halftime show, in solidarity with American football player Colin Kaepernick, after he received backlash for taking the knee.According to Billboard, Hill provided 10 scholarships for the 2019–2020 academic year to students at Alpha Institute in Kingston, Jamaica, through her MLH Fund.

 Legacy and impact 

Hill is widely considered to be one of the greatest rappers of all time, and has often been called the greatest female rapper. The New York Times once referred to Hill as "the most popular woman in hip-hop". Rapper Kool Moe Dee gave Hill the highest score of any rapper on his rap 'Report Cards' list from the book, Ego Trip's Book of Rap Lists. Furthermore, Beyoncé once stated that she is "one of the best hip-hop rappers ever". In 1998, Time declared her as the "Queen of Hip Hop"; while Academy of Achievement, The Boston Globe, and Billboard, among others, have also crowned her with the same title. In 2015, Billboard ranked Hill as the seventh greatest rapper of all time on their "10 Best Rappers of All Time" list, with her being the only woman on the list. In the peak of her career, Hill had earned over $25 million for her work.Music critic Brandon Tensley argued that "few artists have marked culture as profoundly as Hill did with her solo debut". In 2012, VH1 ranked Hill as one of the Greatest Woman in Music. In 2014, she was named the most influential woman in hip hop history by AllHipHop. Hill was also included on the NPR list of the '50 Great Voices'; and on the Consequence of Sound list of the 100 Greatest Singers of All Time. In 2019, Hill ranked No. 1 on the Ranker poll of the greatest singer/rappers. In 2023, Rolling Stone ranked Hill at number 136 on its list of the 200 Greatest Singers of All Time. American Journalist Touré stated that "She was—she is—the greatest female MC of all time".

 Musical impact 
With her solo music and work with Fugees, Hill is often credited as the artist who popularized the technique of blending rap and melodic singing together into one single song, sometimes referred to as melodic rap; this has since become popular, with many modern artists like Beyoncé, Drake, Nicki Minaj and Kanye West emulating it. Writing for The Ringer, author Musa Okwonga wrote "Decades before the ubiquity of the MC who could also croon, she could channel the greatness of Nina Simone and Rakim in the same set." In Complex, Andy Gee commented that "the modern music landscape is dominated by artists like Drake and Nicki Minaj, who fall in the Lauryn Hill archetype as traditionalist-appeasing MCs who have records where they’re singing their hearts out." XXL argued that "she set the bar high, not just for woman creators, but for anyone who wanted to rap or sing."Former RIAA president Hilary Rosen, recognized Hill as a leading contributor to the blurring of lines that distinguished hip hop and R&B. Minaj alluded to Hill's impact on melodic rap on the song "Can Anybody Hear Me", where she mentions that prior to fame, Def Jam Recordings wouldn't sign her because she wanted to integrate rapping and singing on her album, but the record label told her she "wasn't Lauryn Hill". Lizzo who started her career as a rapper, later incorporated singing into her debut record. She stated in an interview in 2018, "I was always afraid of being a singer, but then when I heard Lauryn Hill, I was like, maybe I can do both", further adding that her debut album drew influence from The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, "rapping, singing, being political". According to Da Brat, Hill's "sound shifted the whole game".In 1999, Billboard considered Hill's success to be a breakthrough for female rappers, which resulted in a brief increase of female rappers in the music industry at the time, that the publication dubbed 'The Lauryn Hill Effect'. Author Nelson George noted, "the presence of women is increasing"; while Missy Elliott also added that "Latifah opened the door for doing TV, and she might have opened it for Brandy. Now, it's open for everybody. This is just the beginning". That same year, a public survey was conducted by MTV, which directly impacted its programming. In the survey, she was ranked the most respected solo artist, and placed among the acts that participants thought best defined their generation; with former Viacom executive Todd Cunningham referring to Hill as a "massive phenomenon". Music journalist Danyel Smith credited Hill with reviving the hip hop genre, following the murders of The Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac Shakur.

 Influence on other artists 

Hill has often been cited as one of the most influential entertainers of her generation. In 2021, Pitchfork named her as one of the 200 most influential artists since 1996. Many artists have named Lauryn Hill as an inspiration to their careers, including pop artists Adele, Beyoncé, Dua Lipa, Christina Aguilera, Britney Spears, Mumford & Sons, SZA, Doja Cat, H.E.R., P!nk, Kelly Clarkson, Babyface,  Summer Walker, rappers Kanye West, Jay-Z, Missy Elliott, Nicki Minaj, Nas, Lil' Kim, Brent Faiyaz, Rapsody; Lizzo,   Afrobeats singers Tems, and Wizkid; and K-pop artists Jennie of Blackpink, CL of 2NE1, and RM of BTS.Nicki Minaj has made mention of Hill's influence on her on multiple occasions; Including on 2020 US number one single "Say So Remix", In which Minaj raps, "Spittin' like Weezy, Foxy, plus Lauryn". Minaj has also referred to Hill as her idol and quoted the artist in her high school yearbook. John Legend attributes his early career success and his launch into the music industry to Hill, who gave him his first major opportunity as a pianist on the song "Everything Is Everything". Rapsody and Bebe Rexha have both cited Hill as their biggest musical inspiration, as well as UK grime rapper Stormzy naming her his biggest female musical influence.Furthermore, musicians Erykah Badu and Jazmine Sullivan have both mentioned her as their musical hero. In addition Kehlani has a tattoo of Hill on her arm. After performing with Hill, The Weeknd described the experience as the "most important experience of my life". During her 2018 Grammy award acceptance speech, Spanish singer Rosalía thanked her for being influential to her.

 Music sampling 
Billboard stated that Hill "is to hip-hop as a gardener is to soil", and added that "the rapper/singer planted classic gems in her catalog — especially her pristine 1998 debut The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill — that have become samples for many rap game MVPs".Her single "Doo Wop (That Thing)", was sampled by Drake (on the song "Draft Day"), Kanye West (on "Believe What I Say"), and interpolated by Lizzo (on the song "Break up Twice" from her album Special). In 2018, Hill became one of the most sampled artists of the year, when her single "Ex-Factor" was sampled on Cardi B's "Be Careful" and Drake's "Nice for What", while A$AP Rocky and Frank Ocean released "Purity" which sampled "I Gotta Find Peace of Mind". J. Cole's songs "Cole Summer" and "Can I Holla At Ya" from his EP Truly Yours, both contain samples of songs from The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.

 Additional sampling 
Hill's vocals from her work with the Fugees has been sampled or interpolated by countless artists, including Dj Khaled & Nas, Busta Rhymes, The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar, Meek Mill, Jay-Z, and Mariah Carey (on the single "Save the Day", from her compilation album The Rarities). Furthermore, multiple artists have sampled Hill's songs from her live album MTV Unplugged No. 2.0 including Frank Ocean (on the Jazmine Sullivan-featured "Rushes" from his 2016 album Endless), Method Man ("Say"). and most notably Kanye West ("All Falls Down" featuring Syleena Johnson).

 Film and stage 
The Broadway musical Hamilton was heavily influenced by Hill, with creator Lin-Manuel Miranda naming Hill as one of his favorite rappers, and referencing Hill's single "Lost Ones" on the song "We Know", and Hill's verse from the Fugees single "Ready or Not", on the song "Helpless" from the musical. The Simpsons episode "The Miseducation of Lisa Simpson" was titled after Hill's debut solo album. The BET network series Tales, episode "Ex-Factor", was based on and titled after Hill's single of the same name. Film director Gina Prince-Bythewood stated that she was also inspired by "Ex-Factor" and Hill, when she was shooting the movie Love & Basketball (2000). Actress Alexa Demie mentioned that she drew inspiration from Hill's song "To Zion" for her role in the HBO drama series Euphoria.

 Fashion and endorsements 

 Endorsements 
In 1999, Hill partnered with Levi Strauss & Co. to create custom outfits for her Miseducation Tour. The partnership ushered in a new generation of black musicians partnerships with major brands, with journalist Thembisa Mshaka of Okayplayer proclaiming "when Levi Strauss put its name next to Lauryn Hill, a new course was charted. The Fortune 500 brand partnerships with black musicians that are ubiquitous today were seeded by the success of Lauryn's solo debut". A custom ensemble made for Hill by Levi's was put on display during the Levi Strauss: A History of American Style exhibit at the Contemporary Jewish Museum. Hill also partnered with Armani during the late 1990s, the brand designed multiple custom looks for Hill and helped sponsored her Miseducation of Lauryn Hill world Tour. A design created by Armani for the tour was on put display for the 1999 "Rock Style" themed Met Gala.

 Influence on hair and beauty 
Well known for styling her hair in locs, braids, bantu knots and afros, Hill is often associated with the revival of the natural hair movement. She has been credited as one of the people who have helped normalize locs, and introduced them to pop culture. Author Joan Morgan noted that "for a young person who was growing up in the '90s and liked that natural look but didn't want to identify as Rasta, there was really no example until Lauryn Hill." Hill is also frequently listed among the people who have defined modern bantu knots and afros. Ebony noted that she "helped to usher in a new standard of beauty for Black women -one grounded in the richness and authenticity of their African heritage."PopSugar placed her on their list of the "18 Moments in Hair History That Changed the World", and wrote, "When searching for the originator in the recent natural hair revival, you must look to Lauryn Hill. She emerged as the feminine lead in The Fugees and broke Grammy records as a soloist, all while popularizing dreadlocks in the mainstream." Stylist mentioned Hill gracing the cover of Time in locs, and being named one of People's 50 Most Beautiful People in 1999, as one of the most definitive moments in the history of black hair.In an interview with Vogue, R&B singer SZA, stated "The only girl that I could look to for natural hair inspiration growing up was Lauryn Hill." According to celebrity hairstylist Yusef Williams, who styled Rihanna's hair on the set of Ocean's 8, the singer "channeled her inner Lauryn Hill" while wearing locs for her role in the movie. Halle Bailey named Hill as one of her beauty icons, while mentioning "I love Lauryn Hill's hair".

 Impact on fashion 
In 2015, Vogue mentioned her as one of the female hip hop entertainers of 1990s, whose style they considered to be influential to 2010s fashion, with Emily Barasch of Vogue, writing "Lauryn Hill's sense of style endures today, as nineties nostalgia continues to pervade the runways." She was hailed as a "fashion and music icon" by CR Fashion Book and was also included on the list of the most stylish rappers of all time by Complex.She is often named as a leading contributor in the modern popularization of the hoop earring, which first grew in popularity among black women in the 1970s, before reaching a wider audience after female hip hop artists like Hill wore them in the 1980s and 1990s. Considered as an inspiration for Kanye West's fashion; R&B singer Solange also cited Hill among her style influences in an interview for Fashionista.

 Influence on fashion designers 
British fashion designer John Galliano chose Hill as his muse for the 2000 Spring/Summer Dior collection, he designed; The Hill-inspired collection featured models wearing dreadlocks and hoop earrings, and introduced the Dior 'Saddle Bag', which was made famous by the character Carrie Bradshaw in the television series Sex and the City; and according to Who What Wear, it is one of the ten most popular designer handbags ever. In 2017, the hip hop-based collection designed by Alexander Wang, as well as Tory Burch's resort collection, were both inspired by Hill.
The Men's Spring/Summer 2021 Louis Vuitton collection designed by Virgil Abloh, drew influence from Hill, with Abloh mentioning Hill as his "forever muse". Hill later performed at Abloh's memorial service after he died from a rare form of cancer in December 2021. She was also named among Daniel Roseberry's influences for the Spring/Summer 2022 Schiaparelli collection. Designers Esteban Cortazar, Kerby Jean-Raymond of Pyer Moss, and Humberto Leon of Kenzo, and Demna Gvasalia of Balenciaga, have also noted her as an inspiration.

 Achievements 

Hill has won numerous accolades throughout her career, including eight Grammy Awards (including Album of the Year), the most won by a female rapper, six MTV Video Music Awards (including Video of the Year), four NAACP Image Awards (including the President's Award), four Guinness World Records, and three American Music Awards. In 2021, she was among the inaugural nominees for the Black Music & Entertainment Walk of Fame, and was inducted in 2022.Hill won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album as a member of The Fugees, for their album The Score, becoming the first woman to win the award. The Score peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart, making Hill the first female rapper to top the chart as a member of The Fugees; her first solo studio album, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, also peaked at No. 1, making Hill the first solo female hip hop act to reach No. 1 on that chart. The album sold more than 422,000 copies in its first week, which had broken the record previously held by Madonna, for highest first-week sales by a female artist. Both The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill and its lead single "Doo Wop (That Thing)" debuted at No. 1 in the US, making Hill the first act to have debuted at No. 1 on both the Billboard 200 and Hot 100 with their first entries on each chart. The album also topped the Billboard Year-End Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, making it the only album by a female artist to accomplish this feat.
At the 41st Annual Grammy Awards, Hill received ten Grammy Award nominations and won five that night, including Album of the Year, with The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill being the first Hip hop album to win the award. She also set the record for most nominations for a female artist in one night, broke the record at the time previously set by Carole King for the most wins by a female artist in one night, and became the first female rapper to win the Best New Artist award. Furthermore, she also became the first black solo act to win MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year at the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards.
In 1999, following the success of her first solo album, Hill landed on the cover of Time magazine, being the only black musician to land on the cover during that decade. With The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, she became a pioneer in the neo soul movement, when the album was one of the first in the genre to achieve mainstream success, and became the best-selling neo soul album of all time. The album has also been inducted into the Library of Congress. NPR ranked it 2nd on its list of "The 150 Greatest Albums Made by Women". Rolling Stone listed it as the 10th-Greatest Album of All Time, on their 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list, in 2020.In 2021, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America(RIAA), making Hill the first female hip hop artist to ever receive a Diamond certification in the United States. That same year, Rolling Stone placed her single "Doo Wop (That Thing)" and the Fugees version of "Killing Me Softly" on their revised list of the 500 Greatest Songs. The Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture included "Doo Wop (That Thing)" on their Anthology of Hip-Hop and Rap box set.Along with having a successful music career as a member of The Fugees and as a solo artist, Hill also achieved success as a songwriter and producer for other artists. Hill has written songs for Aretha Franklin, Mary J. Blige, CeCe Winans and produced songs for Whitney Houston and Santana, among others. In 2015, she received the Golden Note Award from American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers(ASCAP); while additionally winning songwriting awards for her songwriting credits on Drake's "Nice for What", Aretha Franklin's "A Rose Is Still a Rose", Cardi B's "Be Careful", Mary J. Blige's "All That I Can Say", and Kanye West's "All Falls Down".

 Discography 

The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill (1998)

 Filmography 

 Tours 
Smokin' Grooves Tour (with Fugees, Cypress Hill, Ziggy Marley, A Tribe Called Quest, Busta Rhymes and Spearhead) (1996)
Refugee Camp Tour (with Fugees) (1997)
The Miseducation Tour (1999)
Smokin' Grooves Tour (with The Roots and Outkast) (2002)
Reunion Tour (with Fugees) (2005)
Moving Target: Extended Intimate Playdate Series Tour (2011)
Life Is Good / Black Rage Tour (with Nas) (2012)
Homecoming Tour (2013–2014)
Small Axe Tour (2015)
MLH Caravan: A Diaspora Calling! Tour (2016–2017)
PowerNomics Tour (with Nas) (2017)
The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill 20th Anniversary World Tour (2018–2019)
Ms. Lauryn Hill Live in Concert (2020)
The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill 25th Anniversary Tour: Ms Lauryn Hill & The Return of The Fugees (2023)

 See also 
List of artists who reached number one in the United States

 References 

 External links 

Official website 
Lauryn Hill at IMDb 
Lauryn Hill at MTV
Lauryn Hill at Pitchfork
Lauryn Hill at NPR

Stanley Andrew Morrison
Stanley Andrew Morrison (March 25, 1894–July 14, 1956) was an Irish religious missionary known for his contributions in pushing for religious freedom and coordinating humanitarian efforts in the Middle East. He began his work for the Church Mission Society (CMS) in Cairo, becoming the mission's leader. Morrison advocated for the protection of religious freedoms to ensure the ability of Christians to freely practice their religion. Towards the end of his life, Morrison moved to Gaza, where he helpe refugees during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.

 Early life 
Stanley Andrew Morrison was born on March 25, 1894 in Liverpool, England. He was born to an Irish family with his father, Hugh Morrison, an officer at a customs house and a Sunday school teacher, and his mother, Minnie Morrison.At 18, Morrison attended Oxford University on a non-collegiate scholarship to study Roman and Greek mythology. During his time at Oxford, Morrison also participated in the work of the Children's Special Service Mission. In 1919, Morrison combined his interests in missions abroad and working with youth by registering with the CMS with a focus on youth work. Morrison's initial work with the CMS was focused on running activities for youth abroad.

 Career 
After a year of service with the CMS, Morrison shifted his focus from youth work to religious missionary work in Cairo. Morrison arrived in Cairo on September 27, 1920. Morrison thought that the predominantly Muslim countries in the Middle East had the misconception that Christianity was a religion associated with militantism, imperialism, and racism.  In May 1921, Morrison joined the Egypt Inter-Mission Council as a CMS representative. This council was created to protect religious freedoms in any treaties made between Egypt and Britain. Morrison also participated in the International Missionary Council (IMC), created in 1921, to foster cooperation and communication between different missions. In 1928, the IMC hosted a two-week conference in Jerusalem where Morrison represented Egypt.In 1929, Morrison was named the secretary of the CMS Cairo mission. In this role, he was in charge of the administrative and logistical tasks associated with missions in the region.Morrison created the Missions and Government Committee of the Egypt Inter-Mission Council. This committee’s primary role was to represent all the major Churches in creating a standardized syllabus to teach Christianity in missionary schools in Egypt.  In 1932, Morrison moved for British support for Egyptian protection of religious freedom by lobbying the British ambassador to Egypt, but the ambassador refused to act. Morrison used his newly created Missions and Government Committee as a vehicle for this advocacy work. In 1936 and 1937, amid renewed Anglo-Egyptian treaty negotiations, Morrison again pushed for British representatives in Egypt and the Egyptian government to enact religious safeguards, but he was again ignored.In 1940, Morrison argued in a letter to fellow Missionary William Paton, IMC London secretary, that the IMC should start a “charter of freedom” that countries worldwide would sign declaring religious freedom. However, similar to all previous attempts, Morrison was unable to make much progress in advocating for religious freedoms. In January 1942, Morrison participated in a joint committee on religious liberty held by the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ (FCC) and Foreign Missions Conference (FMC). In May 1942, Morrison submitted a proposal to this joint committee that suggested establishing a new world organization in place of the League of Nations with a bureau dedicated to mediating religious disputes.Following World War 2, Morrison was concerned about the rise of Arab nationalism in the Middle East and the creation of what he viewed as totalitarian governments. Morrison began focusing more on the Middle East, specifically Israel and the Gaza Strip. By May 1951, Morrison left Cairo for Gaza. Morrison voiced his views in his 1954 book titled Middle East Tensions: Political, Social, and Religious.As a leader of CMS relief efforts in Gaza from 1951-1954, Morrison assisted homeless refugees by providing aid and ensuring basic shelter. He worked with Janet Lacey, the secretary of the Inter-Church Aid and Refugee Service of the British Council of Churches. Morrison also managed the CMS hospital in Gaza, Al-Ahli Arab Hospital. Morrison managed the hospital during a time in which it was seeing monthly the number of patients it previously saw yearly.In 1954, Morrison moved from Gaza to Kenya. He served as the General Secretary of the Christian Council of Kenya and helped Kenyans held in rehabilitation and detention camps, provided relief to Kenyans following the Mau Mau rebellion, and initiated research regarding problems arising from the rebellion. 

 Publications 
Near East. Morrison, Stanley Andrew. United Kingdom: Highway Press, 1955.
Middle East Tensions: Political, Social, and Religious, Morrison, Stanley Andrew. United Kingdom: Harper, 1954.
The Way of Partnership. With the C.M.S. in Egypt and Palestine, Etc. [With Plates and Maps.]. Morrison, Stanley Andrew. United Kingdom: London, 1936.
Religious Liberty in Syria and Palestine, Morrison, Stanley Andrew. 1933.
Cairo how to See it in Four Days. Morrison, Stanley Andrew. Egypt: C.M.S. Book Shop, 1930.

 Personal life 
In 1930, Morrison married Margaret Amy Girling, another missionary in Cairo.Morrison died on July 14, 1956, at 62.

 References 

Cuba during World War I
The Republic of Cuba had maintained neutrality during much of World War I until German submarine warfare resumed on February 1, 1917. On April 7, one day after the United States entered the war, Cuba declared war on Germany and began to support the Allied war effort. Cuba also declared war on Austria-Hungary later that year, on December 16.
A draft law was enacted, and 25,000 soldiers were ready for shipment to France when the armistice intervened. A hospital unit of 100 Cuban doctors and nurses was equipped and sent to the Western Front (World War I).

 Background 
Mario Garcia Menocal (December 17, 1866 - September 7, 1941) served as President of Cuba from 1913 until 1921. Supported by the US and an economic boom, he maintained his office when World War I broke out. President Woodrow Wilson and the USA entered the war on April 6, 1917. With strong ties to its neighbors and put under pressure by New York Times reports of German U-boats resupplying in Cuba, they later followed suit and declared war on April 7.

 Entering World War I 
Because of the total submarine warfare declared by Germany and the continued sinking of ships of different neutral nationalities on the American shores, Brazil and Cuba had sent angry protest to the Germans. President Menocal, encouraged by the United States` entry into the war, asked the congress of Cuba to declare war as well, enthusiastically stating that Cuba could not remain neutral. The Cuban senate unanimously passed a resolution that a state of war existed against Germany and the Cuban congress approved the declaration of war on April 7, 1917.
Thus Cuba was one of the few Latin American countries, along with Panama, Bolivia and Uruguay, who joined the Allies of World War I. Most countries in the region, including Mexico, maintained their neutral position.

 War effort on Cuba 
After the declaration of war all German ships within Havana Harbor were seized, and Cuban ports were opened to Allied warships. A bill was being drafted to authorize the offering of a contingent of 12,000 men to the United States.
Internal politics were strengthened by the declaration as liberals, who agreed with the move, decided to stop criticizing the government. In July 1917, the Menocal government suspended constitutional guarantees with the measure being claimed to be intended against German spies.
The Cuban government also agreed to the stationing of U.S. Marines on the island. However the Americans, afraid that this would undermine the national and international position of the Menocal government, announced that the goal of the intervention was to support the sugar harvest as major war contribution of Cuba, thus becoming known as Sugar Intervention.
The Cuban Red Cross was also reorganized, established operations in Europe and supported the Allied forces on the Western Front.

 War on Austria-Hungary 
The United States declaration of war on Austria-Hungary on December 7, 1917. Panama followed on December 10, 1917 and Cuba would do the same on December 16. From WW1, Cuba was given some recognition for their efforts in the form of donations from America, however, they lost money overall.

 Recognition of Mexican government 
In the midst of the diplomatic crisis, caused by the disappearance of the diplomatic baggage of Mexican Ambassador Isidro Fabela, the government of Cuba officially acknowledged the Constitutionalist government of Venustiano Carranza. Federico Jimenez O'Farril presented a handwritten letter of the Cuban president to the Mexican president in which he granted recognition.
Despite that diplomatic act, the relationship between the two countries cooled because of the treatment of the Mexican travelers in Havana.

 See also 
Cuba during World War II

Durefishan Saleem
Durefishan Saleem (born 14 January 1994) is a Pakistani actress who appears in Urdu television. She made her acting debut with a supporting role in Hum TV's Dil Ruba (2020) for which she received a nomination of Best Emerging Talent at Lux Style Awards. Her other notable work include Bharaas (2020-21) and Pardes (2021). Saleem received popularity after playing Mehak Shamsher in ARY Digital's Kaisi Teri Khudgarzi (2022).

 Early life and education 
She was born in Lahore, Punjab to Saleem-ul-Hassan, who has worked as a director and as a producer for PTV in the 2000s.She received her earlier education from Lahore and received a law degree of LLB from the prestigious top university UCL University College London in 2020. In 2019, she shifted to Karachi to make her career in acting.

 Career 
Saleem made her acting debut with a supporting role in Momina Duraid's 2020 serial Dil Ruba. She then starred in Bharaas as female protagonist alongside Omer Shehzad and Furqan Qureshi but these didn't propelled her career forward. Saleem then portrayed Aimen in Marina Khan's directional Pardes and was seen playing a CSS officer in Momina Duraid's Juda Huway Kuch Is Tarhan.Her claim to fame came with the dramatic series Kaisi Teri Khudgarzi where she starred as Mahek Shamsher in Ahmed Bhatti's directional alongside Danish Taimoor which became one of the top rated and viewed television serial on YouTube in its running time though her performance termed as "wholly vapid" also the storytelling was panned by both critics and audience. Durefishan's latest drama in October 2023 is Ishq Murshid which is airing on Hum TV.

 Filmography 

 Television 

 Special appearances 
|_
|_

 Telefilm 

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 
Durefishan Saleem at IMDb

Pateando piedras
Pateando piedras is the second studio album by the Chilean group Los Prisioneros. It was released on September 15, 1986 in cassette format in Chile and 12-inch vinyl in South America. It was the group's first album to be released by a multinational company. It sold five thousand copies in its advance sale, and reached ten thousand units sold in a short time. The album was preceded by the hit single, "Muevan las industrias", which featured the group drawing European techno influences from bands like Depeche Mode.It meant the band's leap to massiveness and the defeat of the censorship imposed by the dictatorship, by vetoing them on television and in the media. On November 1, 1986, the group promoted the album with two upside-down recitals at the Chile Stadium. The album became famous for its lyrics focused on social issues and a danceable sound with electronic components.
It was chosen as the 15th best Chilean album of all time, according to Rolling Stone Chile magazine. In this way, it shares an important place in the musical history of Chile. It was reissued on CD for the first time in 1991, then in 1995 and in 2011 it was remastered along with the albums La cultura de la basura, La voz de los '80 and Corazones.

 Background 
Jorge González composed Pateando piedras on the road when Los Prisioneros were covering demands for concerts throughout Chile: "When I think of Pateando Piedras, I evoke something provincial, clean, and I especially remember Concepción, because a large part of those songs were made while we were playing in the south".In 1985 Jorge González joined the group on keyboards. He and Miguel Tapia -as the band's guitarist Claudio Narea points out- had become followers of Depeche Mode and other groups that used the keyboard as their main instrument. González bought a Casio CZ 101, with lower case keys, and later bought one just like it. With this instrument he composed "¿Quién le tiene miedo a las máquinas?", "Pendiente fuerte de ti", "Ellos dicen no" and "Muevan las industrias" which made their debut in August of that year in a presentation at the Cariola Theater. The last two songs were the only ones included on the group's second album, while the song "Ellos dicen no", which talked about the media closing its doors on them, was completely modified and became "Por favor".

 Recording 
The recording of the album began in the winter of June 1986 after Santiago was recovering from a storm that overflowed the Mapocho River. For the recording of this album they worked again with the engineer Caco Lyon, who played a fundamental role in this work. Pateando piedras was a different recording from La voz de los '80. "Seven of the songs do not have a bass but a keyboard bass. All the drums are programmed and three of the songs don't have a guitar," said Narea. Claudio bought two Fender guitars, a Lead 1 and a Telecaster Deluxe, both black; Jorge got himself a Linn drum machine, borrowed from Miguel Conejeros of the Pinochet Boys group, he bought three Casio synthesizers, and a Simmons electronic drum set. However Jorge had already played the keyboard for the previous album but as an accompaniment to the songs and in Pancho Straub's studies a drum programmer was used. The first disc was recorded with an 8-track recorder and the second disc with a 16-track recorder. For this disc, sequencers such as the Voyetra were used, where it was recorded with a time code that controlled the sequencers, leaving 15 free tracks, he said. Lyon. The songs now came prepared and were not rehearsed.
Claudio only participated playing the guitars, he could not get used to going from being a trio of guitar, bass and drums to being a techno group, also he never felt comfortable playing the keyboard, so he left the sessions early to go to see who his wife, Claudia Carvajal, would be months later. He played the acoustic guitar on the song "El baile de los que sobran". They recorded a first version of this song, it was a rhythm box with a bass, at the beginning it didn't have a guitar, and the tempo was faster. Jorge didn't like it, so he recorded it again and asked Claudio to play the guitar, they lowered the tempo, and added the barking of the dog with the Emulator 2 sampler, according to Jorge González, without the dog, the song would have been dull."Muevan las industrias" was recorded with a Linn Drum, the programmable battery that was in Chile at the time. Jorge González stated that he imagined the song while riding the subway to the university. The metallic sounds that can be heard were produced by Jorge hitting a gas cylinder from "Caco" Lyon's kitchen. He had previously tried to obtain these sounds with an iron that he collected from the Mapocho River.
This theme was originally made as part of a quartet: "Muevan las industrias", "¿Quién le tiene miedo a las máquinas?", "Arte para cuatro gatos" and "Por favor" (in its first version). We thought it was going to be a single and we recorded it separately before the rest of the album. The lyrics were the fantasy of an uninhabited industry, but with a lot of resonance from when they fired a lot of people in '82, in that economic downturn where Miguel's father also lost his job.

 Style and songs 
Lalo Ibeas, leader of the group Chancho en Piedra, said that it was very risky "to have made their second album radically changing the sound of the band, going from guitars to The Clash style, to the sound of synthesizers, and yet they kept playing like Los Prisioneros." Jorge has stated that he likes to make more electronic music and also because it has more diffusion, declaring that Los Prisioneros were more of a techno-pop group than a rock group. Musicologist Juan Pablo González considers it the essential album and a turning point in the band's career. "He marked a sound bridge in the 80s, from an artisan sound, where the wool of Chilote vests and arpeggiated guitars prevailed, towards this new wave world, of technological sounds and very clear texts, where there was no room for metaphors and the political agenda of the time", he also said that simple things like the barking of a dog, or the sound of a gas cylinder portrayed the Chilean society of the time genuinely.The first track "Muevan las industrias" talks about unemployment. According to Colombia.com, in Chile "there was a feeling of disappointment and anxiety due to the unemployment rates caused by the clearing of the national industry to make room for British, North American and French companies that invested in the country's economy and They stayed with the markets. Many people wandered the streets looking for what to do to survive, from this phenomenon arises "Muevan las industrias"". The second theme, "¿Por qué no se van?" criticized the avant-garde of the time, those snobbish artists and intellectuals who wanted to leave the country. The third song, "El baile de los que sobran" is considered by the group to be their best song and one of the most emblematic of Chilean popular music of the eighties. It tells about young people who were promised to go to university but, nevertheless, the neoliberal system left them with no chance of studying, leaving them practically unemployed for their future."Estar solo" was described by González himself as a combination between The Cure and Depeche Mode that "didn't turn out very well" and described the lyrics as "half embarrassing", considering it one of the poorest songs on the album. "Por favor" was the curtain of a Radio Beethoven program that Carlos Fonseca, the band's manager, had. According to Jorge González, it was the first song by Los Prisioneros to have an acoustic piano.

 Artwork 
On the cover, Los Prisioneros appear on Line 2 of the Santiago Metro going to San Miguel. In the original photo, Miguel appears standing, with his arms behind his head, looking into space; sitting in front of him, Jorge and Claudio looking at the camera. Jorge with an ironic smile and Claudio laughing happily. In 1987, during a promotional tour in Buenos Aires, Argentina, the guitarist recounted in his book Los Prisioneros: Biografía de una amistad, that the album cover had a different photo. "He looked the same except for one small detail: I didn't appear laughing," he said. As the representative of the group —Carlos Fonseca— explained to him, the original had been lost, so they decided to look for the one closest to the sequence —taken a second before or after the other— to replace it. "It was almost the same, only in this one I had a lost look," Claudio explained. Later, in Chile, the photograph was also changed, then, when Pateando piedras came out on CD, the photo where Claudio was smiling came out, however, shortly after they replaced it again with the other one. "Summarizing, the story goes like this: Kicking stones was released in September 1986. But already in April 1987 there was another photo. Then in 1991 it appeared. Then, in 1992, it got lost again," he concluded. The session at the Metro was in charge of Jorge Brantmayer, inspired by the techno "wave" that the band took with their publicized Casio synthesizers and Simmons de Tapia drums. The vinyl edition, which could only be purchased at Fusión, had a low-angle photo of the band on the back cover in front of a high-voltage tower, 40 kilometers south of Santiago, on the way to Rancagua.Los Prisioneros never liked the photos of the Metro, according to Fonseca. At first Jorge suggested to Carlos that the three of them appear in the photo in a huge green field, and that they could be seen walking in the distance, however, EMI rejected the idea, since, according to them, it was going to look like a Los Huasos Quincheros album.

 Release 
This album was released on September 15, 1986, a week after the attack against Pinochet in the Cajón del Maipo. The album sold five thousand copies in the first ten days of its distribution. A record never reached by a youth music group in Chile and in two months and two days after the album came out they achieved a second platinum record with twenty thousand copies sold, something that no artist had achieved since the days of the Nueva ola. Two months after the release of their second album, in November 1986 they officially launched Pateando piedras, appearing at the Chile Stadium in front of some 11,000 people. The group broke a record by filling the venue twice in a row.After that the media began to take Los Prisioneros seriously. Super Rock magazine pointed them out as the best group in Chile. In addition, he awarded Pateando piedras as the best album, Jorge González as the best composer and chose the song "El baile de los que sobran" as the best song of the year. Other media did the same. The first single to be launched was "Muevan las Industrias".

 Legacy 
Before the anniversary no. 20 the Chilean actor Héctor Morales said that the album lyrics are still current, and that they can fit in any stage of the country. And shortly before for the anniversary no. 25, Jaime Bollolio from El Mercurio made an analysis of Chile today with the songs from Pateando piedras according to his order, from "Muevan las industrias" to "Independencia cultural", reaching contingent topics such as the student movement and HidroAysén. Not only does the contingency arrive in Chile for the album lyrics, but also in countries like Colombia and Peru. In the latter they were a phenomenon at the end of the eighties, according to Mario Ruiz, EMI Marketing Manager at the time, Los Prisioneros managed to open those markets for "rock en español".The album was chosen as one of the most important of the Ibero-American Rock scene, placing Nº 160 on the list, "Los 250 mejores discos de rock iberoamericano", published by American magazine Al Borde, in 2006. In 2008, it was chosen as the 15th-best Chilean album by Rolling Stone magazine. In this way, it shares an important place in the musical history of Chile. "Quieren dinero" was the main theme of the Chilean soap opera Cómplices (2006), being interpreted by Rigo Vizcarra. It was also part of the soundtrack of the Colombian Netflix film El robo del siglo (2020).

 Track listing 
Side A

Side B

 References 

 Bibliography 
Aguayo, Emiliano (2005). Maldito Sudaca. Conversaciones con Jorge González. Ril Editores. ISBN 978-956-284-449-9.
Narea, Claudio (2009). Mi vida como prisionero. Norma. ISBN 978-956-300-186-0.
Narea, Claudio (2014). Los Prisioneros: Biografía de una amistad. Thabang. ISBN 956-353-804-8.

Natalie Matosin
Dr. Natalie Matosin is an Australian scientist known for research into the impacts of the human brain in health and disease, and particularly stress and its role in mental illness. Matosin's research has been published in prestigious academic journals, as well as on The Conversation. Matosin spoke at TEDx Hamburg in June 2017 and is the 2021 Al & Val Rosenstrauss Fellow. She was previously a National Health and Medical Research Council CJ Martin Early Career Research Fellow, and Alexander von Humboldt Fellow. In 2017, Matosin was listed as a Forbes 30 Under 30 in Europe in the category of Science & Healthcare, placing her in the top 1% of  innovators worldwide.

 Early life and education 
Matosin was interested in science and curing the world of disease from an early age and went on to study a Bachelor of Medical Science at university. Matosin was awarded a PhD from the University of Wollongong with a thesis "Exploring mGluR5 dysregulation in schizophrenia: from gene to protein".  She went on to hold a postdoc position at UNSW.

 Career and research 
Matosin works at the University of Sydney. She previously worked at the University of New South Wales, the University of Wollongong and the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry in Germany. The focus of Matosin's research has been on the physical and chemical clues that remain in brain tissue following the effects of stress over a lifetime. Matosin analyses postmortem brain samples in order to compare the brains of those diagnosed with brain disorders with the brains of healthy donors.Matosin was working in Germany during the arrival of large numbers of Syrian refugees, and her research now includes study into the impact of trauma on refugee populations in the Illawarra community, examining its impact on the body's physiology at a molecular level and its relationship to mental illness.

 Publication 
Her most cited articles are:

Natalie Matosin, Elisabeth Frank, Martin Engel, Jeremy Lum, and Kelly Newell "Negativity towards negative results: a discussion of the disconnect between scientific worth and scientific culture." Disease Models & Mechanisms (2014) 7, 171-173 doi:10.1242/dmm.015123
Natalie Matosin, Thorhildur Halldorsdottir, Elisabeth B Binder. "Understanding the molecular mechanisms underpinning gene by environment interactions in psychiatric disorders: the FKBP5 model." Biological Psychiatry (2018) 83 (10), 821-830
Matosin N, Newell KA. Metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 in the pathology and treatment of schizophrenia. Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews. 2013 Mar 1;37(3):256-68.Publications from her independent research group include:

Dominic Kaul, Sybille G Schwab, Naguib Mechawar, Lezanne Ooi, Natalie Matosin "Alterations in Astrocytic Regulation of Excitation and Inhibition by Stress Exposure and in Severe Psychopathology". Journal of Neuroscience (2022) 42 (36), 6823-6834
Dominic Kaul, Sybille G Schwab, Naguib Mechawar, Natalie Matosin "How Stress Physically Re-shapes the Brain: Impact on Brain Cell Shapes, Numbers and Connections in Psychiatric Disorders". Neuroscience and Biobehavioural Reviews (2021) 124, 193-215
Rachael Bartlett , Zoltan Sarnyai, Shakeh Momartin, Lezanne Ooi, Sibylle G Schwab, Natalie Matosin. Understanding the pathology of psychiatric disorders in refugees. Psychiatry Research (2021) 296, 113661
Dominic Kaul, Caine C Smith, Julia Stevens, Anna S Fröhlich, Elisabeth B Binder, Naguib Mechawar, Sibylle G Schwab, Natalie Matosin. Severe childhood and adulthood stress associates with neocortical layer-specific reductions of mature spines in psychiatric disorders. Neurobiology of Stress (2020) 13, 100270

 Recognition and awards 
2023 Young Alumni Award, University of Wollongong.
2021 Al & Val Rosenstrauss Fellowship from the Rebecca L Cooper Medical Research Foundation.
2020 Brain Sciences Award from the Rebecca L Cooper Medical Research Foundation.
2020 Rebecca L Cooper Memorial Award from the Rebecca L Cooper Medical Research Foundation.
2020 World Congress of Psychiatric Genetics Award.
2019 NSW Tall Poppy Science Award from the Australian Institute of Policy and Science.
2019 Dame Bridget Ogilvie Career Advancement Scholarship.
2017 TEDx Speaker, TEDx Hamburg
2017 place on Forbes 30 Under 30 list in the category Europe - Science & Healthcare.
2017 Alies Muskin Career Development Award, Anxiety and Depression Association of America.
2017 ACNP Travel Award, American College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
2016 NHMRC CJ Martin Early Career Fellowship, Australian National Health and Medical Research Council.
2015 Humboldt Research Fellow, Alexander Von Humboldt Foundation.
2013 Company of Biologists Travelling Fellowship.
2012 Ian Scott Scholarship from Australian Rotary Health.

 References 

 External links 
ABC Illawarra radio interview (Soundcloud)
TEDx Hamburg talk (YouTube)

James Ting
James Henry Ting Wei (丁謂, born 1951) is a Shanghai-born Chinese-Canadian former business executive who was once one of Hong Kong's most successful businessmen before being charged with illegal business practices.

 Early years 
Ting was born in Shanghai in 1951 and moved to Hong Kong in 1958, where he studied at Rosaryhill School from 1963. Ting moved to Australia and moved to Canada with his wife to study engineering at the University of Toronto. After graduation, Ting founded International Semi Tech Microsystems, a computer assembler, in Toronto in 1981.

 Building the empire 
With Semi-Tech Ting expanded beyond computer components to acquire various high-profile businesses like Singer Corporation, Sansui Electric, G.M. Pfaff and Akai. At its peak in 1997, Ting's business empire employed 100,000 people in 120 countries with sales of $5 billion. Before the empire collapsed in 1999, Ting sold them to Grande Holdings, which he founded in 1987.

 Collapse and downfall 
These businesses Ting was involved in and improper business practices brought down his empire, tarnished the businesses he led or acquired. Singer made a loss of $238 million in 1997, while Semi-Tech and Akai both went bankrupt in 2000.Ting fled Canada to avoid investigation by Canadian and US authorities and eventually Hong Kong to Macau. He was forced to return to Hong Kong, but left for China to avoid being investigated by Hong Kong regulators from 2000 to 2003. He was arrested after flying back from Macau by helicopter in March 2003 and was then investigated by Hong Kong Police's Commercial Crimes Bureau. On 29 June 2005 he was convicted to two counts of false accounting relating to a fake HK$300 million stake in MicroMain Systems, and was sentenced to six years in prison. After serving only one year, Ting's conviction was overturned by Hong Kong's Court of Appeals and he escaped retrial in 2006. He escaped another retrial in November 2007.Ting's whereabouts after his legal problems are unknown.

 References 

Jordan Hooper
Jordan Renee Hooper (born February 20, 1992) is an American basketball player. She last played for the Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). She was an All-American forward at the college level for the University of Nebraska.

 High school 
Hooper grew up on a ranch outside Alliance, Nebraska.  As a high school player, she was twice the Gatorade Player of the Year for Nebraska and led Alliance High School to a state title as a freshman in 2007.  In addition to her basketball career, she was also an All-State volleyball player and competed in the long jump for the school's track team.

 College career 
At Nebraska, Hooper played four years under coach Connie Yori and left the program as one of its all-time greats.  A four-year starter, she led the Cornhuskers to NCAA Tournament berths in each of her last three years (2012, 2013, 2014) – including a trip to the tournament Sweet Sixteen as a junior.  She was named first team All-Big Ten Conference in each of these seasons and capped her career off by being named Big Ten Player of the Year by the league's coaches in 2014.  For her career, she scored 2,357 points (18.0 per game) and collected 1,100 rebounds (8.5 per game).  She became the third player in school history to pass the 2,000 point/1,000 rebound milestone.In addition to earning conference player of the year honors, Hooper was named a first team All-American by the Women's Basketball Coaches Association (WBCA) and a second team All-American by the Associated Press.  She was a finalist for the Wade Trophy and Wooden Award National Player of the Year honors, as well for the Senior CLASS Award for top senior.

 Nebraska  statistics 
Source

 Professional career 
Following her graduation from Nebraska, Hooper was drafted by the WNBA's Tulsa Shock with the first pick of the second round (13th overall) of the 2014 WNBA draft.  She was named to the team's final roster for the 2014 WNBA season.

 International career 
Following her junior season at Nebraska, Hooper was a part of the United States team in the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan, Russia. Hooper earned her first start in the championship game and delivered. She helped the team get out to an early lead, and ended up with nine points and nine rebounds. She averaged 6.5 points and 5.8 rebounds per game as the team won the gold medal in the tournament.

 References 

 External links 
WNBA profile
Nebraska profile

Lerma railway station (State of Mexico)
The Lerma railway station is a commuter railway station serving the El Insurgente commuter rail system which will connect Greater Toluca, State of Mexico, with Mexico City. The station is the closest to the La Marquesa National Park and is located along Boulevard Solidaridad Las Torres, in the municipality of Lerma.
Lerma railway station opened on 15 September 2023, serving as a provisional terminal station with westward service towards Zinacantepec railway station. It is an elevated station with one island platform; the facilities are accessible to people with disabilities.

 Location and layout 
Lerma railway station is a commuter railway station located along Boulevard Solidaridad Las Torres, in San Pedro Tultepec, Lerma. It is close to the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana's Lerma campus as well as the Outlet Lerma shopping mall. The station is also the closest to the La Marquesa National Park.When the station opened, it became a hotspot for street vendors and unregulated taxis. One reporter from El Sol de México counted as many as 60 clandestine stands, more than at any station in the system. Both groups would ask local authorities for support to regularize their sources of employment in the area surrounding the station.The area is serviced by multiple intercity bus and shared taxis routes, including some that go to the municipalities of Ocoyoacac and Toluca. The station was built above ground level. It has a disabled-accessible service with elevators, escalators, tactile pavings, access rams, braille signage plates, as well as visual signage and auditive announcements.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Estación Lerma at TEN Arquitectos micro website.

Old Spanish Pointer
The Old Spanish Pointer, or Perro de Punta Español, is an extinct breed of Spanish pointing dogs known from the Early Modern Period; it is considered the first of its type from which all modern pointing dog breeds descend. It was used for hunting in Spain and England.It was likely introduced to England some time during the early the 18th century, where it was known as the Spanish pointer. Various stories exist as to how the breed was imported. It was possibly introduced by a Portuguese merchant, or perhaps brought back to England by officers returning from the War of the Spanish Succession.
The Old Spanish Pointer was a  medium sized muscular dog, larger than the English pointer, and with a broad chest. In terms of colouration, it was typically a mix of white with either brown, red, or black. Breed standards also allowed for the dog to be completely brown.

 References 

GwanggyoJungang station
GwanggyoJungang (Ajou Univ.) Station is a major metro station located in Gwanggyo, Yeongtong-gu, Suwon, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Jungang means "center" in Korean, denoting the station's central location in Gwanggyo. The station is close to Ajou University and its hospital.
Forming the downtown of Gwanggyo new city, the Gyeonggi Provincial Office is scheduled to be built here and it is directly surrounded by many large shopping malls such as Avenue France and World Square, a Lotte outlet and cinema and the popular Gwanggyo lake park and cafe street.

The station is the country's first subway station to have an underground bus transfer station which was planned to open in early March 2016, where screen doors are installed on bus platforms so bus riders from all over Suwon can transfer to the subway directly by walking down only one floor.

 References 

Fam (TV series)
Fam is an American sitcom created by Corinne Kingsbury and that aired on CBS from January 10 to April 11, 2019. It stars Nina Dobrev, Tone Bell, Odessa Adlon, Sheryl Lee Ralph, Brian Stokes Mitchell and Gary Cole.

 Synopsis 
The series revolves around Clem, a young woman who envisions her life as perfect after getting engaged to fiancé Nick, and loves her future in-laws Walt and Rose. However, her world is turned upside down when her out-of-control teenage half-sister Shannon moves in, and her estranged police detective father Freddy comes back into her life.

 Cast 

 Main 
Nina Dobrev as Clem, a recently engaged woman who works in event planning for Metropolitan Museum of Art
Tone Bell as Nick, Clem's fiancé and an associate professor of world literature at NYU
Odessa Adlon as Shannon, Clem's rebellious 16-year-old half-sister who dropped out of high school and ends up living with her
Sheryl Lee Ralph as Rose, Nick's mother and a therapist
Brian Stokes Mitchell as Walt, Nick's father and a Broadway star
Gary Cole as Freddy, Clem and Shannon's estranged father who is a homicide detective at New York City Police Department

 Recurring 
Blake Lee as Ben, Clem's best friend and an indoor cycling instructor
Brendan Calton as Evan
Charles Maceo as Officer Lopez
Jearnest Corchado as Janelle

 Guest stars 
John Ales as Darryl
James Urbaniak as Tom
Leslie David Baker as Mr. Kersey
Kate Walsh as Jolene
Curran Walters as Kyle
Andre G. Ward as Felix
David Pressman as Dean Kaiser
Peter Adrian Sudarso as JoJo
Christina DeRosa as Linda
Emily Kosloski as Stacy
Katie Wee as Kristen
Matthew Broussard as Charlie
Cooper Mothersbaugh as Max
Andrew Santino as Spence
Audrey Whitby as Beth
Lindsey Kraft as Molly
Ravi Patel as Joe
Ryan Cartwright as David

 Production 

 Development 
On May 11, 2018, it was announced that CBS had given the production a pilot-to-series order. The series' creator, Corinne Kingsbury, was also expected to executive produce alongside Bob Kushell, Aaron Kaplan, Wendi Trilling, and Dana Honor. Production companies involved with the series were slated to include Kapital Entertainment and CBS Television Studios. On July 13, 2018, it was reported that the first season would consist of thirteen episodes.On November 5, 2018, it was reported that CBS had fired executive producer Bob Kushell for "inappropriate language in the workplace".  After Kushnell was fired, it was announced that Joe Port and Joe Wiseman were promoted to executive-produce alongside Kingsbury, Trilling, and Honor. On May 10, 2019, CBS canceled the series after one season.

 Casting 
Alongside the initial series announcement, it was reported that Nina Dobrev, Tone Bell, Odessa Adlon, Sheryl Lee Ralph, and Brian Stokes Mitchell had been cast in series regular roles.

 Filming 
Fam was filmed at Radford Studio Center in Studio City, California, but it is set in New York City, New York.

 Episodes 

 Reception 

 Critical reception 
The series holds an approval rating of 40% based on 10 reviews, with an average rating of 4.7/10 on Rotten Tomatoes. The website's critical consensus reads, "Despite an appealing cast, FAM flounders under the weight of its sitcom stylings, drowning much of its potential in a sea of familiar jokes that don't serve its progressive premise." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the series a score of 54 out of 100 based on 7 critics.

 Ratings 

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 
Fam at IMDb

Moustapha Alassane
Moustapha Alassane (1942–17 March 2015) was a Nigerien filmmaker.

 Biography 
Born in 1942 in N’Dougou (Niger), Moustapha Alassane graduated in mechanics. However, in the Rouch IRSH in Niamey he learned the cinematographic technique and thereafter became one of its main proponents. Jean Rouch provided for Alassane’s education and accommodation in Canada, where he met the famous Norman McLaren, who taught him about animation.
He was the creator of the first animated films of the sub-Saharan Africa, also directing documentaries and fiction films. He was Head of Cinema Department at the Niamey University for 15 years.
Moustapha Alassane directed, in 1962, two shorts inspired in traditional tales: Aoure and La Bague du roi Koda. Representing African culture (e.g. in Deela ou el Barka le conteur, 1969 and Shaki, 1973), Alassane also employed moral satire (F.V.V.A., femme, villa, voiture, argent, 1972), denouncing the thirst for power for “new wealth” in Africa. Social criticism and black humour are in almost all of his films. Le Retour d'un aventurier  (1966) is considered the frst African western. The frog was his favourite animal and protagonist of most of his animated films, because Alassane believed it is funnier to animate frogs rather than humans.
His workshop was based in Tahoua. To work, Alassane used several materials, such as wood, metal or wire, glue, fabric or sponge.
Numerous retrospectives of Alassane’s career have been made in several international film festivals.
Moustapha Alassane was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour at the Cannes Film Festival in 2007.

 Filmography 

 As director 
1962: La Bague du roi Koda
1962: Aoure
1962: La Pileuse de Mil
1962: Le piroguier
1963: La mort du Gandji
1964: L’arachide de Santchira
1965: Le mort de Ghandji
1966: Le Retour d'un aventurier
1966: Bon voyage Sim
1967: Malbaza
1969: Les contre Bandiers
1970: Deela ou Albarka
1970: Bon Voyage Sim
1971: Jamyya
1972: Women Cars Villas Money a.k.a. F.V.V.A.: Femme, Voiture, Villa, Argent
1972: Abimbola ou Shaki
1973: Siberi
1974: Soubane
1974: Toula ou Le génie des eaux
1975: Zaboa
1977: Samba the Great
1982: Agwane mon Village
1982: Kankamba ou le semeur de discorde
1982: Gourimou
2000: Soolo
2000: Adieu Sim
2001: Les magiciens de l'Ader
2001: Agaïssa
2001: Kokoa
2003: Tagimba

 As actor 
1971: Petit à petit (Moustaphe)
1976: L'Étoile noire

 As writer 
1974: Toula ou Le génie des eaux

 Films about Moustapha Alassane 
Animation et creation: Univers du cinema de Moustapha Alassane (2002), documentary directed by Debra S. Boyd
Moustapha Alassane, cinéaste du possible (2009), documentary directed by Silvia Bazzoli and Christian Lelong.

 References 

 External links 
Moustapha Alassane at IMDb
Moustapha Alassane in ClapNoir (French)
Moustapha Alassane in Africultures (French)
Moustapha Alassane in African Success
Moustapha Alassane in a "La Gazette" article (French)
Le Retour D'Un Aventurier and Moustapha Alassane in the 5th "Festival des Cinémas Africains" (French)
Moustapha Alassane invited to the 2nd Edition of "Festival culturel panafricain" (Panaf) (French)

Leslie Dunner
Leslie Byron Dunner (born January 5, 1956) is an American composer, conductor, clarinetist, and college professor. He was born in New York City and attended the University of Rochester Eastman School of Music, graduating in 1978 with a B.A. degree.  He received an M.A. degree in music theory and musicology from Queens College in 1979, and a D.M.A. in orchestral conducting from the University of Cincinnati in 1982. From 1982-1986 he served as Assistant Professor and Director of Instrumental Music at Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota.
Dunner's first appointment as music director was with the Symphony Nova Scotia in 1996. He remained with that orchestra for three seasons.In 1998, while still in his second year as music director of Symphony Nova Scotia, Dunner took up the post of music director of the Annapolis Symphony Orchestra.

 References 

 External links 
Leslie B. Dunner, D.M.A
Leslie Dunner conducts Symphony Silicon Valley
2013 Festival De Mayo - Jalisco Symphony Orchestra

Pokémon
Pokémon is a Japanese media franchise consisting of video games, animated series and films, a trading card game, and other related media. The franchise takes place in a shared universe in which humans co-exist with creatures known as Pokémon, a large variety of species endowed with special powers. The franchise's target audience is children aged 5 to 12, but it is known to attract people of all ages.The franchise originated as a pair of role-playing games developed by Game Freak, from an original concept by its founder, Satoshi Tajiri. Released on the Game Boy on February 27, 1996, the games became sleeper hits and were followed by manga series, a trading card game, and anime series and films. From 1998 to 2000, Pokémon was exported to the rest of the world, creating an unprecedented global phenomenon dubbed "Pokémania". By 2002, the craze had ended, after which Pokémon became a fixture in popular culture, with new products being released to this day. In the summer of 2016, the franchise spawned a second craze with the release of Pokémon Go, an augmented reality game developed by Niantic. Pokémon has since been estimated to be the world's highest-grossing media franchise and one of the best-selling video game franchises.
Pokémon has an uncommon ownership structure. Unlike most IPs, which are owned by one company, Pokémon is jointly owned by three: Nintendo, Game Freak, and Creatures. Game Freak develops the core series role-playing games, which are published by Nintendo exclusively for their consoles, while Creatures manages the trading card game and related merchandise, occasionally developing spin-off titles. The three companies established The Pokémon Company (TPC) in 1998 to manage the Pokémon property within Asia. The Pokémon anime series and films are co-owned by Shogakukan. Since 2009, The Pokémon Company International (TPCi) subsidiary of TPC has managed the franchise in all regions outside of Asia.

 Name 
The original full name of the franchise is Pocket Monsters (ポケットモンスター, Poketto Monsutā), which was abbreviated to Pokemon during development of the original games. When the franchise was released internationally, the short form of the title was used, with an acute accent (´) over the e to aid in pronunciation.Pokémon refers to both the franchise itself and the creatures within its fictional universe. As a noun, it is identical in both the singular and plural, as is every individual species name; it is grammatically correct to say "one Pokémon" and "many Pokémon", as well as "one Pikachu" and "many Pikachu". In English, Pokémon may be pronounced either /'powkɛmon/ (poe-keh-mon)  or /'powkɪmon/ (poe-key-mon).

 General concept 

The Pokémon franchise is set in a world in which humans coexist with creatures known as Pokémon. Pokémon Red and Blue contain 151 Pokémon species, with new ones being introduced in subsequent games; as of December 2023, 1,025 Pokémon species have been introduced. Most Pokémon are inspired by real-world animals; for example, Pikachu are a yellow mouse-like species with lightning bolt-shaped tails that possess electrical abilities.The player character takes the role of a Pokémon Trainer. The Trainer has three primary goals: travel and explore the Pokémon world; discover and catch each Pokémon species in order to complete their Pokédex; and train a team of up to six Pokémon at a time and have them engage in battles. Most Pokémon can be caught with spherical devices known as Poké Balls. Once the opposing Pokémon is sufficiently weakened, the Trainer throws the Poké Ball against the Pokémon, which is then transformed into a form of energy and transported into the device. Once the catch is successful, the Pokémon is tamed and is under the Trainer's command from then on. If the Poké Ball is thrown again, the Pokémon re-materializes into its original state. The Trainer's Pokémon can engage in battles against opposing Pokémon, including those in the wild or owned by other Trainers. Because the franchise is aimed at children, these battles are never presented as overtly violent and contain no blood or gore. Pokémon never die in battle, instead fainting upon being defeated.After a Pokémon wins a battle, it gains experience and becomes stronger. After gaining a certain amount of experience points, its level increases, as well as one or more of its statistics. As its level increases, the Pokémon can learn new offensive and defensive moves to use in battle. Furthermore, many species can undergo a form of spontaneous metamorphosis called Pokémon evolution, and transform into stronger forms. Most Pokémon will evolve at a certain level, while others evolve through different means, such as exposure to a certain item.

 History 

 Origins 
The main idea behind Pokémon was conceived by Satoshi Tajiri. Tajiri grew up in Machida, a suburb of Tokyo. In his youth, he enjoyed discovering and catching insects and other small creatures in the various ponds and fields that surrounded his town. As Japan's economic miracle occurred, many cities, including Machida, were significantly expanded. As a consequence, Machida's nature was largely destroyed. In his second year of junior high school, an arcade hall opened in Tajiri's neighborhood, introducing him to video games. While studying electrical engineering at Tokyo College of Technology, Tajiri began publishing a doujinshi magazine titled Game Freak. The title was inspired by the 1932 film Freaks, which Tajiri was fascinated with at the time. He self-published the first issue of the magazine in March 1983, at the age of 17. At the time, magazines specializing in video games did not yet exist in Japan, allowing Game Freak to fill a gap in the market. Concurrently, Tajiri was contacted by aspiring manga artist Ken Sugimori, who became Game Freak's illustrator. Game Freak folded in the late 1980s, by which point Tajiri had become a respected game journalist in Japan's fledgling video game industry.Tajiri's knowledge of video games brought him into contact with Tsunekazu Ishihara. Ishihara had studied Arts and Science at Tsukuba University, and was trained in CGI. After working in advertising for two years, Ishihara joined a company named Sedic in 1983, which created video graphics and software, including one video game, Otocky (1987). As video games grew in popularity, Sedic also produced a number of game-related television shows for Fuji Television's late-night slot. In his job as a TV producer, Ishihara befriended Tajiri, as well as Shigesato Itoi, who would later become CEO of Ape, Inc. Ishihara was also the general director of the world's first gaming encyclopedia: TV Games: Encyclopedia of Video Games (テレビゲーム―電視遊戯大全, Terebigēmu ― Denshi Yūgi Taizen). Hatakeyama & Kubo (2000) wrote that, at the time, Ishihara was probably the most well-connected man in the industry, with a knowledge of games "beyond comparison". Ishihara was also interested in playing cards, and contributed to the development of at least three simple card games designed by Itoi for Ape.In 1986, Tajiri, Sugimori, and a few other enthusiasts started an informal development team called Game Freak, named after the magazine it grew out of. Over the next few years, they independently developed the puzzle game Quinty, working on it alongside school or their regular jobs. However, no one within the group knew how to make the game's music. After consulting all his contacts, Tajiri got in touch with Junichi Masuda, who became the group's composer. Quinty was finished in 1989, and published by Namco. Tajiri officially incorporated Game Freak Co., Ltd. on April 26, 1989.

 1989–1995: Development of Red & Green 

Tajiri started to think of what was to become Pokemon while completing Quinty, and before he officially founded Game Freak. Around this time, Nintendo announced the upcoming release of the Game Boy, a handheld console that would revolutionize the gaming industry. Tajiri learned that the device would have a link port, and with the corresponding Game Link Cable, two Game Boys could be linked together. Sometime later, Tajiri remembered an incident while playing Dragon Quest II (1987), a role-playing game (RPG) for the Famicom (NES). The game features randomly appearing items of varying rarity, including an extremely rare item called Mysterious Hat. Tajiri did not encounter any, while Ken Sugimori, who was also playing the game, encountered two. Upon recalling this experience, Tajiri realized that the cable now made it possible to transfer things from one cartridge to another. He noted that, until then, the Game Link Cable was only used for competing, but not for something else. Combining this inspiration with his memories of catching insects and other small species, Tajiri's idea would eventually evolve into a virtual recreation of his boyhood experiences, and an attempt to "regain the world that he had lost". He would later state that the game represents "the story of a boy's summer day".
Tajiri and the Game Freak staff began pondering over a game centered on capturing creatures of differing rarity. Since the Game Boy is a portable device, these creatures could then be exchanged with other players in real life. Once the player has caught a creature, it was to be stored in miniaturized form in a special capsule. This facet of the game was inspired by Ultraseven, a tokusatsu show that Tajiri had enjoyed as a child. The series' titular character owns a number of capsules containing miniaturized kaiju (monsters), which come out and return to their original sizes when the capsule is thrown into mid-air. Kaiju media in general were an important influence on Pokemon, as many Game Freak staff members had grown up with them. Other cited influences include: gashapon, capsules with toy figures in them that can be drawn from vending machines; collectible cards, such as baseball cards, Ultraman cards and menko; The Final Fantasy Legend (1989), the first RPG for the Game Boy; and petting in Japan, with Tajiri noting that having Pokemon is similar to having pets. Tajiri initially named his project Capsule Monsters, which GF's staff commonly shortened to Capumon. However, it later turned out that the term Capsule Monsters could not be trademarked, and it was subsequently decided to call the game Pocket Monsters, which became Pokemon. According to Tomisawa (2000), the phrase "Capsule Monsters" was already registered. According to Hatakeyama & Kubo (2000), the word "capsule" could not be used in the trademark. Tomisawa (2000) states that the Game Freak staff then came up with several alternatives, before someone within the team suggested "Pocket Monsters".In March 1989, Nintendo co-founded Ape, Inc. with Itoi. Ape's principal work was Mother (1989), a role-playing game written by Itoi, but it was also founded with the intent to give outside talent a chance to pitch new, innovative games. At the time, Ape was housed in the same Kanda-Sudachō office building as Nintendo, located in Tokyo. Ishihara, a friend of both Itoi and Tajiri, was involved with Ape's management (and would become its vice-president in 1991). Tajiri's relationship with Ishihara prompted Tajiri to present his idea for Pokemon at Ape's office. Present during Tajiri's pitch was Takashi Kawaguchi, who worked at Nintendo's General Affairs Department and was also a manager at Ape. Kawaguchi brought the idea to Nintendo president Hiroshi Yamauchi, who reportedly said: "This is it. This is the idea I've been waiting for." By pure coincidence, Ishihara had come up with an idea for a game similar to that of Tajiri, and around the same time was discussing it with Ape. This game, Toto, involved "using the Game Boy as an insect cage". GF and Ape subsequently agreed to merge their projects together. According to Tajiri, the two teams initially collaborated on the project, but the work proved difficult, one of the reasons being that Ape was busy developing EarthBound. Tajiri eventually figured that "rather than working with Ape, we had to do something on our own, or the project would never get finished". Ape, Inc. is not credited on the final product.
The development contract was signed at the beginning of 1990, with a planned delivery of the game in October. Tajiri directed the project, working under Ishihara. Ishihara was the producer – he managed the budget, staff, and work schedule, monitored the game's overall progress, and served as a liaison between Game Freak and Nintendo. Ishihara also contributed ideas to the development, and helped with debugging. Sugimori was in charge of the graphics and character design. Masuda created all music and sound effects, and did part of the programming. The budget that Nintendo granted to Game Freak was low. Thus, Pocket Monsters was initially planned as a small, compact game, based primarily around Tajiri's core idea of exchanging. However, as development progressed, GF's ideas and ambitions for Pokemon grew. They soon realized that the game they were beginning to envision would not be easy to make. Sugimori admitted that, at the time, no one at GF had much knowledge of RPGs. "We thought we could handle it, but as we began working, we realized it was going to be tough", he acknowledged. Pokemon was suspended indefinitely, and GF turned their focus on other titles.
After the game's initial development phase in 1990 and '91, the staff "tinkered with it from time to time", as Sugimori put it. For instance, by October 1992, a large number of Pokemon had been designed, and a poll was held that month among all staff members to gauge the popularity of the different species. Several more such votes followed to determine collectively which Pokemon should be included. Still, development had mostly come to a halt until the summer of 1994, after the release of Pulseman, upon which Tajiri decided it was time to make a serious effort towards finishing Pokemon. By this point, Game Freak's experience had grown considerably. Over the years, a number of new staff members had been added to the company. One of them was Atsuko Nishida, a graphic designer who created Pikachu, among others. Ishihara used his knowledge of card games to add more depth to the battle system, and among other things suggested Pokemon types. Ishihara also came up with the idea of the Pokedex, a portable encyclopedic device which players can use to keep track of the Pokemon they caught. Throughout the years, Tajiri had several conversations with Shigeru Miyamoto, Nintendo's top game designer who Tajiri described as a mentor figure. Although, in a 2018 retrospect, Miyamoto downplayed his role in advising Tajiri, and stated that his contributions to Pokemon were in fact limited. Miyamoto did, however, suggest the use of different colored cartridges for the game, in response to Tajiri's and Ishihara's musings about making each playthrough slightly different, as to 'individualize' the player's experience. According to Tajiri, "five or seven colors" were considered, but they eventually settled on two: a Red version and a Green version. Both games were identical, but each had Pokemon not found in the other, encouraging players to socialize and trade to complete their collection.Ishihara aspired to create video games of his own. As Pocket Monsters Red and Green were nearing completion, Ishihara founded Creatures, Inc. on November 8, 1995. Upon founding, the company was housed in the same Kanda-Sudachō office building as Nintendo, located in Tokyo. Co-ownership of the Pokemon property, which Ishihara helped create, was subsequently assigned to Creatures. This resulted in Pokemon having three legal owners: Game Freak, the main developer; Creatures, representing producer Ishihara; and Nintendo, the publisher. Anne Allison (2006) wrote that Nintendo also bought Pokemon after it was finished. Hatakeyama & Kubo (2000) noted that the ownership structure of Pokemon is uncommon. They wrote that "Pokemon is probably the only property in the world today for which the original rights are not concentrated in a single company", like The Walt Disney Company does with their IPs. Tajiri and Ishihara did consider merging Game Freak and Creatures at one point. However, Tajiri decided against it because he feared it would erase what he had built up since he was a teenager. "I felt threatened by the idea of changing how Game Freak was operating, and starting back over with Mr. Ishihara", he said. "It was an identity problem. If Game Freak ceased to exist, then so would I". Tajiri noted that, since Game Freak and Creatures both focus on Pokemon, it sometimes felt more like different departments than different companies.Pocket Monsters Red and Green were finally finished in December 1995. A release date of December 21, 1995 was announced, but missed. After sufficient cartridges, manuals and packages had been manufactured, the pair of games ended up being published on February 27, 1996. However, the property was copyrighted in 1995, and "© 1995" is shown on the title screens and cartridges. This year is since used on the copyright notice seen on many Pokemon products, even though no actual Pokemon product was released in 1995.

 1996–1998: Rise in Japan 

 Release of Red & Green 
Nintendo had no high expectations of Pocket Monsters Red and Green, and media largely ignored the game(s). By 1996, the seven-year-old Game Boy console was considered yesterday's news and near the end of its lifecycle. On the other hand, new Game Boys continued to be manufactured and sold. The console was widespread and, due to its age, affordable to children. Also, the Game Boy had experienced a small revival in Japan in 1995 due to the success of Mario's Picross. Coincidentally, this game was directed by Ishihara, and co-developed by Ape. The popularity of Mario's Picross inspired Nintendo to develop the Game Boy Pocket, a slimmer and improved version of the Game Boy, released in Japan on July 21, 1996. Because of the timing, some were under the impression that the Game Boy Pocket was made to promote Pocket Monsters, but this was in fact a coincidence that would end up benefiting both.

 CoroCoro manga, Mew lottery 
Two media channels that would play important roles in the Pokemon franchise were the CoroCoro Comic, released monthly, and its sister magazine Bessatsu CoroCoro Comic, released bi-monthly. Both manga magazines are published by Shogakukan, a long-time business partner of Nintendo, and have featured manga based on Nintendo properties (e.g. Super Mario-kun, Kirby of the Stars, Donkey Kong). At the time of Pokemon's release, the main CoroCoro magazine was read by one in four elementary school students. CoroCoro's deputy editor-in-chief was Masakazu Kubo. On Ishihara's suggestion, Kubo commissioned the creation of a Pocket Monsters manga. Written and drawn by Kosaku Anakubo, its first chapter was featured in the March/April issue of Bessatsu CoroCoro Comic, released on February 28, 1996, one day after the release of Red and Green. Shogakukan, which frequently surveys their target groups, determined that the Pocket Monsters manga was well received.To further promote Red and Green, the May issue of CoroCoro, released on April 15, 1996, announced the "Legendary Pokemon Offer", centered around a mysterious, secret Pokemon called Mew. Mew was a last-minute addition to Red & Green. It is unobtainable in the game(s) through usual means, and was intended to be used at a later point in some post-launch activity. To participate in the promotion, CoroCoro readers had to send in a postcard, and from the entrants, 20 were selected at random. The winners then had to send in their cartridge so that Mew could be uploaded onto it. The lottery was a success and increased word-of-mouth. By September, sales of Red and Green had surpassed 1 million units.

 Pokemon Blue 
After the release of Pokemon Red and Green, Game Freak continued to grow, and a number of new employees were hired. For training purposes, they were ordered to study and make bug fixes to the source code of Red & Green, and to create new sprites for it. The upgraded version was dubbed Pokemon Blue. It was originally not meant to be sold. Only a small number of handmade copies were made, intended as a special gift to "20 to 100 people". After Kubo learned of it, he encouraged Tajiri and Ishihara to allow an official release of Blue. President Hiroshi Yamauchi initially rejected this, fearing it would confuse people into believing it was an entirely new Pokemon game. Kawaguchi then suggested an alternative, which Yamauchi agreed with: Blue would not receive a normal retail release, but would be made available only through mail order for a limited time as a special offer. It was announced in the November issue of CoroCoro, which explicitly stated that Blue was not a new game, but rather a special, limited edition to celebrate the sale of 1 million copies of Red and Green. The offer was a surprisingly big success: 300,000 units were expected to be sold, but over 600,000 were ordered.

 Trading card game launched 
The Pokemon Trading Card Game was one of the first collectible card games (CCGs) developed in Japan. Its creation was influenced by Magic: The Gathering, the first CCG in history. Indeed, the Pokemon Trading Card Game can be considered a simplified version of Magic. First released in the United States in 1993, Magic had gained popularity not just in North America and Europe, but also in Asia. Ishihara was fond of playing cards, and had contributed to the development of at least three simple card games designed by Shigesato Itoi and released through Ape, Inc. At the time, Ishihara was particularly interested in Magic: The Gathering. While developing the Pokemon RPG, he realized that the concept behind it could be adapted into a Magic-like CCG. The Pokemon Card Game was designed by Ishihara, Akihiko Miura, Kōichi Ōyama, and Takumi Akabane. All were former staff members of Ape and had previously worked on EarthBound (1994): Miura was the game's main designer, Ōyama was its art director, and Akabane was one of its chief debuggers.While card games have a long history in Japan, a collectible card game was a relatively new concept there, and at the time not widely known. Because of this, Ishihara had difficulties finding distributors. Sometime in 1995, Ishihara pitched the card game to Nintendo. They agreed to have the cards manufactured, subcontracting an unidentified printing company. However, Nintendo did not want the hassle of having to develop a distribution system from the ground up, i.e. finding retailers willing to sell a CCG. Ishihara was then contacted by Satoshi Kayama, director of a small firm called Media Factory. Like Ishihara, Kayama was a fan of card games. He felt that CCGs would soon rise to prominence in Japan, and had been gathering information on the possibility of developing such a game in some form. When Kayama heard that Creatures had developed a CCG, he contacted Ishihara and offered to distribute it, signing the contract near the end of 1995.CoroCoro again proved a valuable information channel. The Pokemon card game was first announced in the November issue, the same one that announced Pokemon Blue. The issue came bundled with two promo cards: one of Purin (Jigglypuff) and one of Pikachu. Surveys showed that they were respectively the most and second-most popular Pokemon at the time. On October 20, 1996, the first card set was released. Booster packs were launched the same day, containing 10 randomly inserted cards. In the West, the booster packs contained 11 cards. The original set of the Pokemon card game would be titled the Base Set in English. Many more sets would follow. Despite being ignored by the media, except for the CoroCoro, the cards became an instant success upon release. 87 million Pokemon cards were shipped by the end of March 1997, six months after its launch, and one month before the debut of the next big installment of the franchise: the Pokemon anime series. The success of the TV series would cause the cards' sales figure to explode: by March 1998, a total of 499 million cards had been produced in Japan.

 Anime production launched 
By August 1996, Kubo had become convinced of Pokemon's potential, and believed Shogakukan should create a Pokemon anime. Nintendo was hesitant, realizing that if the anime would flop, it would negatively affect the popularity of the game. Ishihara initially opposed the idea, because he thought it would overly hasten the 'consumption' of the property: he feared that if the series would end, people would assume that Pokemon has ended, and move on to the next thing. At the time, Creatures and Game Freak were planning the sequel(s) to Red and Green, Pokemon Gold and Silver, and Ishihara did not want the anime to end before they could release their new game(s). Kubo was ultimately able to resolve the concerns of all parties involved. An important aspect of Kubo's bargaining power was the then-ongoing Mini 4WD craze and its accompanying hit series Bakusō Kyōdai Let's & Go!!. Kubo had an important role in the creation of both, which impressed the stakeholders. To appease Ishihara, Kubo promised him that Pokemon would last for at least one and a half year. This was unusually long for a debuting anime, and required a big investment. Kubo's proposal for Pokemon was officially approved on September 26, 1996. For Nintendo of Japan, it was the first time they licensed a TV series. Kubo assigned independent producer Choji Yoshikawa to lead the project.Shogakukan Productions, commonly called ShoPro, was Shogakukan's production company. The animation company they commissioned was OLM, Inc. (Oriental Light and Magic), on Kubo's suggestion. Pokemon's director became Kunihiko Yuyama, one of OLM's founding members. ShoPro assembled a team of five writers, plus two supporting writers. All key people involved with the production of Pokemon were well-experienced and had proven track records within Japan's anime industry. Yoshikawa felt that the team got lucky. "The probability of so many great people coming together at the same time is very low", he said. Per Tajiri's explicit condition, every anime team member had to play the game extensively, including the illustrators and voice actors. The anime staff "unanimously agreed that the game was interesting" and "felt connected with each other through the world of Pokemon", feeling positively challenged to make an anime that would match the game's quality.A production council was formed to produce the Pokemon anime. Different people appeared at different meetings, but four individuals usually present were Ishihara of Creatures, Sugimori of Game Freak, Yuyama of OLM, and independent producer Yoshikawa. Yoshikawa had the final say. The council decided on the anime's worldview, characters, general storyline, and various important details. The early meetings, which were also attended by Tajiri, usually started with a Q&A session in which Tajiri and Ishihara were asked about the Pokemon universe. The council was careful to have the anime be in concordance with the video game. Inevitably, there had to be differences between the two, but all agreed that the overall worldview as envisioned by Tajiri should not be disturbed. At the start of the video game, the player has to choose one of three starter Pokemon: Fushigidane, Hitokage, or Zenigame (Bulbasaur, Charmander, or Squirtle). The council didn't want to unfairly popularize any of them, and wanted the protagonist to start out with a different Pokemon. Hatakeyama & Kubo (2000) wrote that, by coincidence, three people independently suggested to the council that a Pikachu should be a main character in the anime: Kubo, Yuyama, and Keisuke Iwata of TV Tokyo's Film Department. In the end, all council members agreed that Pikachu should be one of Pokemon's central icons. They expected Pikachu to appeal to both boys and girls, as well as their mothers. This would expand Pokemon's audience, which was considered a core objective of the anime.During the council's very first meeting, Yoshikawa brought up the issue on whether the Pokemon in the anime could speak, and if not, how they could communicate. In the video games, each Pokemon has a specific cry. In Anakubo's CoroCoro manga, most Pokemon could speak. At first, the council believed there should be a mixture of Pokemon that could talk and Pokemon that could not. However, this idea was eventually discarded: the Pokemon had to make a specific cry. The council agreed that Pokemon were like animals, and while the humans and the Pokemon should be able to understand each other in the series, they should not speak each other's language. It was decided that Pikachu would repeatedly say its own name in various intonations. The role of Pikachu was given to Ikue Otani. During try-outs, Yuyama had Otani voice Pikachu in normal Japanese, as well as in 'Pikachu talk', in which it only said the syllables of its name. Yuyama realized that, even in the latter style of limited communication, Otani was experienced enough to still convey the messages and emotions needed.ShoPro paid half of the production cost of Pokemon. TV Tokyo paid the other half and was granted co-ownership of the anime. The ads during Pokemon's commercial breaks were managed by advertisement agency JR Kikaku, which was in turn paid by sponsors buying advertisement space. In negotiating with TV Tokyo, Kubo managed to secure the 19:00 – 19:30 timeslot on Tuesdays. Pocket Monsters premiered on April 1, 1997. By November, it had become the highest-rated program on TV Tokyo. The anime succeeded in its goal of widening Pokemon's audience. Although the video games and the cards remained mostly of interest to boys, the anime also got more girls interested in the franchise, and girls' purchases of Pokemon products increased. This has been partly credited to Pikachu, who gained widespread popularity among children. The success of this character would later lead to the game Pokemon Pikachu, released in Japan on September 12, 1998 (it would be released in the West as Pokémon Yellow). An adaptation of Pokemon Blue, this 'Pikachu version' was made to resemble the TV series more.

 Copyright council formed, merchandising expands 
In the early months of the franchise, Nintendo was the contractual representative for Pokemon, and thus the central contact point for all Pokemon-related licensing (the approval of branded products). Around the time that planning of the Pokemon anime begun, licensing requests for Pokemon started to increase, which Nintendo had difficulties handling due to a lack of (experienced) staff. Nintendo consequently granted ShoPro exclusive licensor rights. This was the first time that NoJ (Nintendo of Japan) granted licensor rights to another company, aside from its overseas subsidiaries NoA (Nintendo of America) and NoE (Nintendo of Europe).A copyright council was formed, headed by Ishihara. Beginning in April 1997, the council met every Tuesday, in the conference room of Creatures' office, at the Nintendo Kanda Building in Sudachō, Tokyo. Attendees usually included Ishihara and his secretary, representatives of Nintendo, Game Freak, ShoPro, TV Tokyo, and JR Kikaku, as well as head of the anime Yoshikawa. Broadly put, every meeting had three types of agenda items: discussing Pokemon-related events and basic policies in Japan, discussing Shogakukan publication plans, and considering merchandise proposals. For merchandising, the council set the bar high. Fiercely protective of Pokemon's brand equity, Ishihara was unwilling to greenlit an item just because it had a picture of a Pokemon printed on it. To avoid the market being flooded with low-quality goods, Ishihara put very specific demands on the products he evaluated. Furthermore, in most cases, the council opted to contract one company for each product category. Because of this, most merchandise proposals were rejected: of the approximately 7,500 applications submitted in 1997, only about 5% was approved.By March 1998, 35 companies offered licensed Pokemon goods, and there were approximately 700 Pokemon products. Tomy manufactured Pokemon toy figures and plush dolls. Bandai made Pokemon gashapon, dolls and ramune-flavored candy in a plastic box in the shape of a Game Boy. Meiji Seika produced Pokemon chocolate snacks and pudding. The lucrative franchise provided a much-needed boost to Japan's economy, which was stagnating in what would later be called the Lost Decade. An example of a firm that benefited greatly from Pokemon was food manufacturer Nagatanien. From May 1997, the company began selling Pokemon-branded curry, furikake, and baking mixes. In December 1997, Nagatanien was hit hard by the collapse of one of its biggest sales channels, Toshoku, in what was then the third-largest bankruptcy in Japan's postwar history. Nonetheless, due to their Pokemon-licensed products, Nagatanien reported net profits in fiscal years '97 and '98, despite having forecasted losses.

 "Dennō Senshi Porygon" incident 

In the evening of December 16, 1997, the Pokemon franchise was hit by a crisis related to the broadcast of the anime's 38th episode, "Dennō Senshi Porygon" (Computer Warrior Porygon). It was watched by approximately 4.6 million households. In the episode, Satoshi (Ash Ketchum) and his friends are transported into a virtual world, accompanied by a Porygon, a digital, human-made Pokemon. While flying through cyberspace, they are attacked by an anti-virus program which mistakes them for viruses, shooting "vaccine missiles" at the group resulting in explosions of bright, rapidly swapping red and blue flashes.The intense stimuli brought about by the episode triggered a variety of adverse health effects in more than 10,000 viewers, primarily irritated eyes, headaches, dizziness, and nausea. A small part suffered a photosensitive epileptic seizure, manifested in loss of conscious and/or convulsions. Hundreds of children were brought to hospitals, although a part of them had recovered enough upon arrival and they did not need to be hospitalized. No one died. Broadcasting of Pokemon was halted, and new guidelines were implemented to help prevent similar events from happening. With the show on hiatus, ShoPro and OLM worked on a feature Pokemon film. By the time the incident occurred, its script was already written, and the movie was in the storyboard stage. In mid-January, the staff resumed creating new episodes. The Pokemon anime series returned on April 16, 1998. The film, titled Pocket Monsters the Movie: Mewtwo Strikes Back, premiered on July 18, 1998 (it would later be released in the West as Pokémon: The First Movie).Ultimately, the incident did not damage the Pokemon franchise – it in fact grew further during and after the anime's hiatus. While video rental tapes were removed from shelves, all other Pokemon products continued to be sold as usual, and customer demand for them remained high. Helping matters was a general understanding among businesses that the Pokemon anime was not canceled, but rather suspended, and many executives (correctly) expected the show to be resumed after precautions had been taken. Supermarkets and other distribution outlets responded calmly to the crisis, and did not remove Pokemon products from their sales floors.

 1998–2000: International expansion 

 North America 

Possibly the first person to show interest in a North American launch of Pokemon was Minoru Arakawa, founder and then-president of Nintendo of America (NoA). Arakawa visited Japan to participate in Shoshinkai 1996, held November 22–24. It was around this time when he first played one of the three Pokemon titles. He thought the games were promising, but Nintendo of Japan (NoJ) had no plans at the time to release them elsewhere. He returned to America with a few cartridges and tested the game on his employees – they did not believe it would work in the US. At the time, role-playing games (RPGs) were not very popular outside Japan, and NoA executives believed that American children did not have the attention span for such a complex title. Americans were said to be more interested in sport- and action-oriented games, preferably with realistic graphics. Japanese people, by contrast, were alleged to care more about characters and plot. Up to that point, few Japanese properties had been successfully mainstreamed in the US, and if they were, it was alleged to be on account of having been properly Americanized: Mighty Morphin Power Rangers was considered a prime example of this. Visually, Pokemon was believed to be too kawaii, or cute. It was assumed that Pokemon could not succeed on cute alone – it must also be cool. In an effort to enhance the franchise's coolness, NoA considered a graphical redesign and contracted a few external artists to create some test-designs for the American market. The mockups they proposed included 'graffiti style' drawings, 'beefed-up' and more muscular looking Pokemon, and a new Pikachu that looked like "a tiger with huge breasts". Arakawa concluded that it "didn't work", and by that time, the anime had begun its production in Japan, leading NoA to conclude it was too late for a graphical revamp anyway.Of pivotal importance to Pokemon's global expansion was Alfred R. Kahn, CEO of US-based 4Kids Entertainment, NoA's licensing agent since 1987. Convinced of Pokemon's potential, Kahn agreed to invest an undisclosed sum in return for both the anime and licensing rights. Pokemon became one of the first Japanese media franchises in which both the localization of the anime and the licensing of merchandise was handled by a single company, as well as a non-Japanese company. Kahn suggested the name "Pokémon", adding an acute accent to the e to assist with pronunciation and to "give it a little flair". NoJ president Hiroshi Yamauchi officially approved the project in late November, and subsequently announced it at Space World 1997. However, three weeks later, the "Dennō Senshi Porygon" incident happened, which Kubo felt made even more people resistant to the idea of an overseas introduction.Market research turned back negative: American kids reportedly did not like Pokémon. Arakawa ignored the study and, convinced of the franchise's potential, allocated an enormous budget to Pokémon's launch. The exact amount was not disclosed, but was reportedly equal to or more than $50 million (roughly $89.77 million in 2022), approximately the same amount as the launch budget of the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1985. Arakawa admitted that it was "quite a bit of money", but NoA "had been doing well for several years, so we had a lot of money to spare". He opined that if Pokémon would be as successful in the US as it had been in Japan, "an investment of 1 would turn into 100." NoA and 4Kids proceeded to devise a strategy on how to localize Pokémon for the United States. Arakawa appointed Gail Tilden to lead the project, prompting her to leave her position at Nintendo Power magazine. Tilden said that they "decided to make an all-out effort to repeat the phenomenon in the Western world". In two press releases, NoA self-described Pokémon's marketing campaign as "aggressive".The localization of the Pokémon anime was done by 4Kids, and directed by Norman J. Grossfeld. Grossfeld strongly believed that the anime should be Americanized. At NATPE 1998, he asked ShoPro for a "kind of carte blanche, to let me change the show as I think would work for this market," to which ShoPro agreed. However, no national TV station  was interested in buying the anime or financing its localization. Kahn then decided to self-finance Pokémon's production costs, despite realizing this "could very well bring down 4Kids" if the show would fail. According to Kahn, they "spend a fortune" on the localization. To have it broadcast in syndication, 4Kids offered the show for free to local TV stations across the country, in exchange for a portion of the advertising revenue. NoA assisted, persuading dozens of stations to carry the series by offering to buy some of their advertisement space, spending a total of $5 million (c. $8.98 million in 2022). Despite all this, most broadcasters were still reluctant to carry Pokémon, with Grossfeld experiencing difficulties getting through their "preconceived notions or their snobbery for Western-produced animation over something from Asia". At the time, anime had not yet found mainstream popularity in the West. Contemporary news reports cited Sailor Moon as an example of an anime that had failed to catch on with American youth. Still, with NoA's help, 4Kids ultimately succeeded in contracting 112 broadcasters for Pokémon, reaching "about 85 to 90 percent" of television households. However, many broadcasters gave it off-peak time slots, with starting times like 06:00 or 06:30. Prior to the late 1990s, this was the case for many anime in the US.Grossfeld came up with the advertising slogan "Gotta catch 'em all!" as the English equivalent to the Japanese Pokemon GETTO daze~! (ポケモンゲットだぜー！, Get (the) Pokémon!). The phrase "miraculously managed to gain approval" by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), which normally prohibits the use of injunctions in ads directed at children (e.g. "You must buy this!"). While the tagline does sound commanding, the FCC reasoned that the act of catching is at the core of Pokémon's play. Therefore, the phrase was allowed. The series' theme song was written by John Loeffler and John Siegler. In commissioning the track, Grossfeld specifically requested the song's chorus to be written around the "Gotta catch 'em all" phrase, firmly embedding the slogan into the theme.While NoA and 4Kids were allowed a fair degree of liberty in their localization of Pokémon, the Japanese copyright council, headed by Ishihara, had the last say over it. All decisions regarding adjustments and promotion had to gain final approval of the Japan side. This included all of the merchandise, for which a 'two-step system' was created. All (aspiring) licensees in North America were to send their merchandise proposals to 4Kids. Staff of both 4Kids and NoA then made a pre-selection and send the approved proposals to Japan, where the council made the final decision. Many submissions were bounced at the US stage, and thus never got sent to Japan. Tilden noted that processing all license applications, and mailing all approved prototypes and their documentation to Japan, was a lot of work. Arakawa did consider streamlining the process by moving someone from Japan to the US, but no person could be found who was as competent as Ishihara.The Pokémon anime was first broadcast on September 7, 1998. Pokémon Red Version and Blue Version were released three weeks later, on September 28, 1998. To localize the card game, Nintendo contracted Wizards of the Coast, the creator of Magic: The Gathering. The Pokémon Trading Card Game was officially launched nationwide on January 9, 1999, although pre-sold in select stores in December. Coinciding with the North American launch of Pokémon was the release of the Game Boy Color on 23 November 1998.

 Other regions 
The American version of the Pokémon anime started broadcasting in Australia and New Zealand on September 28, 1998. Red and Blue were subsequently released there on October 23. Various territories in Asia followed: the anime series debuted in Hong Kong on November 16, in Taiwan on November 23, in Shanghai on November 24, in Beijing on January 10, 1999, and in South Korea on July 14, 1999.Outside North America, 4Kids distributed the anime in cooperation with Brian Lacey of Lacey Entertainment. The series was presented at MIP TV, in Cannes, France, from April 3–8, 1998. Broadcasters were initially not interested due to its Japanese origins, and preferred to wait and see how the anime would fare in the US. After its American success, Lacey received inquiries about the series throughout 1999 from multiple international broadcasters. Lacey noted that, in Europe, this was a stark contrast compared to previous years: "I was trying to sell this sort of stuff for years and buyers would tell me they were moving away from Japanese animation shows", he said. In October 1999, the franchise was launched in the European key markets of Germany, the United Kingdom, France, and Spain. The anime started broadcasting in Denmark, Norway, and Sweden in December 1999. In 2000, broadcasting rights for the first season were secured by TV stations in South Africa, Russia, Iceland, and Finland. In Israel, the anime debuted in February 2000. For unclear reasons, Red and Blue were not officially released there. Thriving only on the strength of the TV series, The First Movie, the cards, and imported video games, the Israeli Pokémon still became a success.By the end of 2000, Pokémon games had been released in 70 countries, the anime was broadcast in 51 countries, the films were released in 33 countries, and the cards had been translated into 11 languages.

 1999–2000: Pokémania 
In North America, the success of the debuting Pokémon franchise was almost immediate. Red and Blue sold 200,000 copies in its first month. By December, the Pokémon anime had become the highest-rated syndicated children's show during the weekdays. This attracted the attention of two media companies: Warner Bros., co-owner of The WB channel; and Saban Entertainment/Fox Family Worldwide, owners of the Fox Kids channel. A bidding war ensued between the parties, which was won by Warner Bros. On February 13, 1999, Pokémon debuted on The WB's Kids' WB block, where it was broadcast exclusively from then on. The debut episode became the most watched premiere in Kids' WB's history. In European countries, the anime received similar levels of success. For example, in Germany, "a highly competitive kids market", Pokémon was purchased by RTL 2. The show's popularity bolstered the entire program block, more than tripling its viewers. Andrea Lang, RTL 2's editor of cartoons and children's programs, said: "We were speechless. We've never had a comparable success". By March 1998, half a year before Pokémon's overseas launch, 499 million Pokémon cards had been produced. By March 1999, the total number of cards shipped reached 764 million. By March 2000, this figure would grow further to 4.255 billion cards, manufactured in both Japanese and American factories.By April 1999, there was a general consensus in the US that Pokémon had become a phenomenon and the newest children's fad. By some, the fad was referred to as "Pokémania", including journalists of Time and USA Today. In the US, severe scarcity occurred of Pokémon goods, especially Pokémon cards, causing companies to miss profits. A Milwaukee Journal Sentinel article, published on August 3, 1999, cited a Toys "R" Us manager as saying that a supply of 600 booster packs would last 24 hours. The CEO of one card distributor stated that they were "thousands of boxes behind" on orders. In the same article, a Wizards spokeswoman stated that more employees and printers had been hired to increase card production. However, near the end of the month, a different Wizards spokeswoman told The Washington Post that they had "exhausted most of the card-printing capacity of the United States". Similarly, USA Today reported in November 1999 that factories making Hasbro's Pokémon toys had expanded production by 20 times, but demand still exceeded supply. In Europe, scarcity of Pokémon merchandise also occurred.In part due to the Pokémon craze, Nintendo saw a 250% increase in profits in 1999 compared to the previous year, reaching a six-year high. The Pokémon franchise accounted for over 30% of Nintendo's revenue that year. Pokémon's popularity also caused a sharp increase in sales of the Game Boy line. The financial windfalls came at a time when Nintendo lost dominance in the home console market, with the Nintendo 64 being outsold by Sony's PlayStation. The global success of Pokémon compensated this loss somewhat. Buckingham & Sefton-Green went even further, writing in 2004: "while Nintendo is now among Japan's most profitable corporations, it could be argued that the company would have struggled to survive without Pokémon".4Kids, initially a little-known firm, expanded thirty times in revenues, and was named the fastest-growing company in America in the September 4, 2000 issue of Fortune magazine. Many businesses that timely obtained a Pokémon license reaped considerable profits. In the summer of 1999, a massive run on stocks of publicly traded Pokémon licensees caused their value to increase dramatically. However, by November, most investors were shorting their shares. Knowing that the Pokémon fad would peak and fall at some point, investors were bearish about its prospects.Pokémon: The First Movie premiered in North America on November 12, 1999, and in Europe the following year. Despite being negatively received by many Western critics, it became one of the most successful Japanese animated films of all time. In the United States, November 1999 was estimated to have been the peak of Pokémania. Supporting the American release of The First Movie was a promotional action with Burger King, one of the largest in the history of the fast-food industry. The success of the promotion resulted in supply issues; restaurants often ran out of Pokémon toys to include with their meals. On December 27, Burger King recalled its Poké Ball toy after a 13-month-old girl died suffocating on one.Pokémon Gold and Silver, the successors to Red/Green/Blue, were released in North America on October 15, 2000. In Europe, they were released on April 6, 2001.

 The Pokémon Company and Pokémon USA established 
On April 23, 1998, Pokémon Center Co. Ltd. was founded as a joint venture by Nintendo, Creatures, and Game Freak. It was initially formed for the management of specialized merchandise stores called Pokemon Centers, of which the first location opened in Nihonbashi, Tokyo, on July 18, 1998. Throughout the years, multiple Japanese Pokémon Centers would open and close. As of January 2024, a total of 24 Pokémon merchandise shops exist in Japan. An American Pokémon Center also existed in New York City from 2001 to 2005. It then reopened as Nintendo World, later renamed Nintendo New York.After the release of Gold and Silver, Tsunekazu Ishihara began setting out a number of long-term goals for the Pokémon franchise, which included releasing a movie every year (a condition which Shogakukan mostly kept). As part of Ishihara's plan, the Pokemon Center Co. Ltd. was reformatted into The Pokémon Company (TPC), which was officially established in October 2000. The goal of TPC is to centralize and streamline the global management of Pokémon. Satoru Iwata, who had joined Nintendo of Japan in June, was involved with the company's creation, which was one of his first jobs at Nintendo.In February 2001, Pokémon USA (PUSA) was established, an affiliated firm of The Pokémon Company. The company's first president was Tatsumi Kimishima (who would later become president of NoA, and subsequently president of NoJ). In 2002, Kimishima was succeeded by Akira Chiba.

 2001–2006: End of the craze, business reforms 
In North America, Pokémania peaked in 1999. Throughout the next year, it showed signs of slowing down. On April 29, 2000, the anime was bumped off Kids' WB's #1 spot after holding it for 54 weeks. Around the same time, Pokémon was surpassed at Fox Kids by its rival Digimon. In late 2000, Wizards of the Coast laid off 100 employees, owing in part to the weakening demand for Pokémon cards. Its parent company Hasbro reported a loss over 2000 and the first half of 2001, partly due to an overly optimistic forecast regarding the demand for Pokémon cards and toys. In Europe, the craze peaked in 2000, which offset some of Hasbro's losses. On January 20, 2001, The New York Times reported that Pokémon's trading card market had collapsed in the US. A June 2001 survey in the United Kingdom confirmed that Pokémon's popularity was waning there. Tobin (2004) wrote: "By the summer of 2001, Pokémon's shelf space in Japanese and U.S. toy stores was but a fraction of what it enjoyed in the fall of 1999". By the end of 2001, Pokémania was fading globally, and by 2002, the fad was largely over.From 2000 to 2002, Game Freak developed Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire, the successors to Gold and Silver, for the newly released Game Boy Advance. Masuda, who was appointed to assistant director during Gold and Silver, was promoted to director for Ruby and Sapphire, with Tajiri making himself executive director. Masuda was concerned that the end of Pokémania indicated the end of Pokémon as a whole: "After Gold and Silver came out, it was a huge hit around the world, but shortly after everyone was saying, 'That's it. The Pokémon fad is over! It's dead!'." Determined to keep the franchise going, GF not only wanted to "prove people wrong" with Ruby and Sapphire, but already started planning their sequels: Diamond and Pearl (2006). They also began planning remakes of older installments, starting with FireRed and LeafGreen (2004), remakes of the original Red and Green.Ruby and Sapphire were released in Japan on November 21, 2002, and in the rest of the world the next year. The games introduced 135 new Pokémon, bringing the total amount to 386. Because of this, Golin Harris, NoA's ad agency, advised them to move away from the "Gotta catch 'em all!" slogan. They reasoned that if new, younger players were drawn into the franchise with Ruby/Sapphire, they would find the concept of "catching them all" to be a daunting if not impossible task if they didn't also have Red/Blue/Yellow and Gold/Silver/Crystal. Dockery (2022) noted that "from both a marketing perspective and, really, a legal perspective, it would not be to the company's advantage to keep pushing that slogan".By 2002, the relationship between Pokémon USA (PUSA) and Wizards of the Coast had deteriorated. That year, at least seven high-profile employees were poached from Wizards by PUSA: Wizard's former art director, senior graphic designer, business manager, events marketing director, project management director, and two vice presidents. All employees had signed NDAs. In March 2003, PUSA told Wizards that their contract would not be renewed, and that Wizards would not be distributing the new Ruby & Sapphire card set. Later, Wizards was also prohibited from releasing the sets Jamboree and Legendary Collection II. Notably, Jamboree was the first set containing cards designed by Wizards themselves. As considerable time and money was invested into creating them, Wizards was upset when they were barred from putting them out. On October 1, 2003, the day after their agreement expired, Wizards filed suit against Pokémon USA, alleging that the defendant had seized their intellectual property and trade secrets, and illegally tried to gain advantage over them in the competitive trading card market. The case was settled out of court. Jamboree and Legendary Collection II have remained unreleased.In October 2001, 4Kids Entertainment signed a new contract with PUSA, continuing to serve as Pokémon's exclusive licensing agent and anime localizer. On December 23, 2005, it was announced that the agreement would not be renewed and would expire on December 31, with PUSA moving all licensing in-house. The localization of the anime would be done by PUSA in cooperation with TAJ Productions. PUSA proceeded to replace almost all of the original English voice actors, who were still under contract with 4Kids. This decision "raised the ire of fans and the actors themselves". According to Stuart Zagnit, who voiced Professor Oak, the recasting was done to cut back on costs.In March 2003, Pokémon UK was established in London as a British representative of The Pokémon Company.

 2006–2012: Generation IV–V, TPCi established 
Following Ruby and Sapphire, Pokémon Diamond and Pearl were released for the Nintendo DS on September 28, 2006 in Japan and on April 22, 2007 in North America. A third version, Pokémon Platinum, was released on September 28, 2008 in Japan and on March 22, 2009 in North America. They form the fourth generation (Generation IV) in the Pokémon video game series. Diamond and Pearl were designed based on the DS's various features such as its Wi-Fi capabilities and slot for Game Boy Advance cartridge. Pokémon president Tsunekazu Ishihara dubbed the games as the "ultimate" Pokémon titles because they allowed the player to trade and battle Pokémon including every Pokémon from previous iterations globally through WiFi, as opposed to previously only able to do so locally and with fewer Pokémon. The games' characters are 2D and the environments are rendered in 3D, and it is considerably difficult to differentiate them because Game Freak designed them this way to innovate the graphics while also retaining the traditional game style and feel.In Platinum, the developers focused on changing the most essential elements from Diamond and Pearl to maintain continuity with the previous games. Director Junichi Masuda stated that since they designed Diamond and Pearl as the "ultimate" Pokémon titles, it was only necessary to make Platinum "even stronger" than them. They approached this by designing the "Origin Forme" for the legendary Pokémon Giratina, ensuring that the design would appear significantly different from its regular form in Diamond and Pearl and to express the games' core antimatter and Distortion World concepts. The title Platinum was chosen to reflect a precious material that "shines" and is different from diamond and pearl and their associations of "love" and "happiness" respectively.Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver were released on September 12, 2009 in Japan and on March 14, 2010 in North America as part of Generation IV. They are remakes of Gold and Silver, aiming to balance familiarity for the original games' players and new content for newcomers. The titles reflected the theme of the bond between trainers and their Pokémon. The developers faithfully recreated the original story and added elements from the Generation IV games and Yellow, the latter of which was released concurrently with Gold and Silver.
In 2009, Pokémon USA and Pokémon UK merged to form The Pokémon Company International (TPCi). This subsidiary of The Pokémon Company (TPC) has since managed the Pokémon franchise outside of Asia.In Generation V, Pokémon Black and White were released on September 18, 2010 in Japan for the DS and on March 6, 2011 in North America. The games feature enhanced visual effects and increased use of 3D graphics. The developers excluded old Pokémon and strategies, while introducing over 150 new Pokémon to evoke a sense of novelty and to provide new players a more "leveled playing field" against old players. The games seek to attract both new players and returning players through its detailed walkthrough and the addition of C-Gear (a real-time communication tool to improve the trade and battle experiences), respectively.The games were followed by Pokémon Black 2 and White 2, which were released on June 23, 2012 in Japan and on October 7, 2012 in North America. The games were developed for the DS rather than the more powerful Nintendo 3DS to maintain continuity with the game world in Black and White and they were presented from a different perspective in the storyline. Since the games are their first sequels, director Masuda explained that they have strived to find a "fine balance" to appeal to both newcomers and returning players by implementing introductory explanations, and by placing a Pokémon Center in the first in-game city, they were able to further this approach by providing newcomers with a detailed walkthrough and also returning players with new updates. During development phase, director Takao Unno revealed that they had experimented with a 100-player multiplayer experience via their communication feature Entralink drawing from their vision of players "sharing the same space, same time and same game" but this feature was never implemented due to technical limitations.

 2013–2016: 3D, Generation VI–VII 
In Generation VI, Pokémon X and Y were released worldwide for the 3DS on October 12, 2013, and they are the first games to be released in this way. The developers focused on the themes of "beauty," "bond," and "evolution," and it is based on these themes that they created the games' core mechanic where Pokémon could achieve a higher form of evolution by strengthening their bonds with trainers; however, to maintain game balance, they limited this feature to a special, temporary phenomenon. The games' shift to fully 3D graphics allowed the player to freely manipulate the camera angles although due to technical limitations objects far away are rendered in lower polygon models, and producer Hitoshi Yamagami addressed to 2D players that "Game Freak [developers are also] big fans of 2D graphics... So there are some elements in there that I [Yamagami] think fans of 2D will appreciate as well." When asked about the Horde battle and Sky battle types, he stated that Horde battles are to supplant the roles of "really strong Pokemon" to help the player more easily progress through the games and also to add "more excitement to the battles and a sense of danger," and that they added the Sky battles to take advantage of the games' 3D camera angels capabilities.Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire were released worldwide for the 3DS on November 21, 2014 and on November 28, 2014 in Europe as part of Generation VI. They are remakes of Ruby and Sapphire. The developers adopted X and Y's core game mechanic and added enhanced 3D graphics. According to director Masuda, they reviewed the original mechanic and concept and expressed them using modern hardware, such as replacing the original PokeGear feature for the enhanced versions BuzzNav and DexNav to more effectively provide information enabled by the games' hardware capabilities. They seek to explore the concept of Pokémon coexisting with humans and nature, revisiting the concept behind original games' setting, which translated to "richness or abundance in nature and bonds between people and nature" in Japanese. To appeal to the newer audience in X and Y, the developers decided to connect the story with X and Y by further exploring their core mechanic.In Generation VII, Pokémon Sun and Moon were released worldwide for the 3DS on November 18, 2016 and on November 23, 2016 in Europe. The developers chose Hawaii for inspiration due to its distinctive warm sunlight and clear moonlight and unique biomes that helped support the games' regional Pokémon variance concept. Ohmori said, as director, he aimed to focus on the concept of "Pokémon as these living creatures, [and really focus] on them being alive." Having the release date on the 20th anniversary of Pokémon in mind, he treated this project as a "celebration of that life, and to really express this respect for life." As he contemplated about life and its origins, Ohmori considered the significance of the Sun, enabling life with its light, and the Moon's impact on certain species' reproduction. He explained how the Sun, the Moon, and the Earth "work [together] to influence [one another], and life as a result grows and flourishes based on [this] relationship."Ohmori stated that with the innovation to 3D in X and Y the designers decided to examine more minor aspects concerning with the Pokémon themselves such as their motions, such as when they designed the games' first starter Pokémon to capitalize on its owl-like characteristics with its head "twists round and round." With the 3DS technologies, the developers are able to design the characters to be more expressive as themselves including different facial expressions and reactions. In addition to portraying Pokémon harmoniously coexisting with people and vice versa in the games, the developers replaced the traditional Gym mechanic with Island Trials, deepening the players' connection with the story and their Pokémon. The enhanced versions Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon were released worldwide on November 17, 2017. The games added an alternate storyline and additional characters, Pokémon, and other features. Developer Shigeki Morimoto revealed that they were developed by the younger staff members and veterans so the more veterans can prioritized on developing more important titles, and the developers considered them to be their culmination with the 3DS.

 2016–2017: Pokémon Go 
In 2016, the Pokémon franchise spawned a second worldwide fad with the release of Pokémon Go, a mobile augmented reality game. The app originated as a Google April Fools's Day joke in 2014: the "Google Maps Pokémon Challenge". The prank was conceived by Tsunekazu Ishihara and Satoru Iwata. On Ishihara's initiation, the hoax was turned into an actual video game developed by Niantic. Ishihara was a fan of Niantic's previous transreality game, Ingress, and saw the game's concept as a perfect match for Pokémon.Through in-game purchases, the game generated more than $160 million by the end of July 2016, with App Annie reporting that Pokémon Go had generated around $10 million in revenue every day that month. The same month, Sensor Tower reported that the game had passed more than $200 million in worldwide revenue, beating every existing record set by Clash of Clans and Candy Crush by a wide margin. The average daily usage of the app on Android devices in July 2016 exceeded that of Snapchat, Tinder, Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook. By September 2, 2016, Pokémon Go had generated more than $440 million in worldwide revenue, according to Sensor Tower. By September 30, it had received 500 million downloads and grossed $470 million in 80 days, according to market research firm Newzoo. Pokémon Go reached the milestone of $600 million in revenue after only 90 days on the market, becoming the fastest mobile game ever to do so.

 2018–present: Let's Go games, Generation VIII–IX 
Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Let's Go, Eevee! were released for the Nintendo Switch on November 16, 2018. They are part of Generation VII. Inspired by Pokémon Yellow, the games seek to introduce newcomers and a new generation of players (particularly Pokémon Go players) to the Pokémon series in addition to catering old players. As such, the games feature similar capture mechanics to Go where the player throw Poke Balls to catch wild Pokémon rather than battling them like traditional Pokémon games. In addition, the games feature the same setting and characters with the first generation of games and the original animated series and include exclusively the original 150 Pokémon to further appeal to their targeted audience.Generation VIII debuted with the release of Pokémon Sword and Shield on November 15, 2019 for the Switch. Director Shigeru Ohmori stated that they designed the games based on what they believed of the biggest Pokémon theme of becoming/being "the greatest or strongest," which was expressed in the games' gigantic-size Pokémon core mechanic and the games' increasingly powerful software and hardware capabilities. Ohmori further revealed that through developing the Let's Go games as research projects for the Switch, they were able to gain valuable experiences and knowledge to develop Sword and Shield. He noted that they took advantage of the Switch's high resolution and TV connectivity to implement the games' gigantic-size core Pokémon mechanic. They envisioned the games' setting to be a "wide-open space" that is different from the traditional route systems and is constantly changing where the player can meet and explore with other players.Prior to the games' release, they drew heavy criticism on their lack of many pre-existing Pokémon, which developed into an intense backlash called "Dexit." Unlike previous games, Sword and Shield were accompanied by a paid downloadable content (DLC) expansion pass which consists of Part 1—The Isle of Armor, and Part 2—The Crown Tundra; they were released on June 17, 2020 and October 22, 2020 respectively, and they include additional storylines, places, Pokémon, characters, and other features.In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic broke out. The resulting widespread ennui and excessive leisure time inspired a resurgence in popularity and interest of Pokémon cards, which was further popularized by various YouTube content creators, as well as influencer Logan Paul. The craze resulted in severe supply shortages, and customers' inappropriate and obsessive behavior raised safety concerns in many retail outlets. Pokémon cards' values skyrocketed, prompting collectors to submit cards and overwhelm card grading agencies. The Pokémon Company responded by reprinting impacted products at maximum capacity to ensure price stabilization and general accessibility.Remakes of Diamond and Pearl, Pokémon Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl were released on November 19, 2021 for the Switch as part of Generation VIII. They are the first core series games to be developed by a third party developer, ILCA, rather than Game Freak. The developers revealed that the games would not assume the anticipated style of the Let's Go Games and feature traditional game mechanics. Pokémon intends to celebrate their 25th anniversary with the release of the remakes by revisiting old games and mechanics, which they faithfully reproduced with enhanced 3D graphics.Pokémon Legends: Arceus was released on January 28, 2022 for the Switch as a prequel to Diamond and Pearl. It is part of Generation VIII. The game "represents a new approach for the Pokémon video game series" as Pokémon transition from traditional RPG mechanics to add real-time elements in their games. Unlike traditional Pokémon games, the player can catch Pokémon by throwing a Poké Ball in real-time rather than triggering a battle; however, they can still choose the latter to weaken it for capture. Many in-game aspects, particularly its landscape, heavily resemble those of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.The most recent main installments in the video game series are the Generation IX games Pokémon Scarlet and Violet, which were released for the Switch on November 18, 2022. The games are the first Pokémon games to feature an entirely open-world experience as opposed to the partially open-world experience in previous Pokémon games such as Sword and Shield, and it also departed from the traditional gym mechanics and the elite four battles to opt for unique road quests. The games' improved multiplayer experience allowed for up to four players to travel together. Their DLC, The Hidden Treasure of Area Zero, consists of two parts, The Teal Mask and The Indigo Disk; The Teal Mask was released on September 12–13, 2023 and The Indigo Disk was released on December 14, 2023. An epilogue to The Hidden Treasure of Area Zero was released on January 11, 2024.

 Media 

 Video games and other software 

Pokémon games have been released in a wide variety of categories, including main series, side series, and spin-off games. Other software applications have also been released, including various transfer programs and a sleep-tracking app. As of June 2023, a total of 122 Pokémon games have been published. According to Pokémon's official website, as of October 2023, over 480 million Pokémon game units have been sold worldwide.

 Trading card game 

The Pokémon Trading Card Game (PTCG) was one of the first collectable card games (CCGs) in Japan. It was inspired by Magic: The Gathering. In the card game, the players use a 60-card deck featuring Basic and evolved Pokémon, Energy cards, and Trainer cards to help them knock out the opponent's Pokémon, drawing prize cards and winning the game. Cards are classified into various levels of rarity, ranging from Common to Rare Holofoil with a holographic illustration; rare cards, including limited edition, exclusive cards, and older cards, are highly valued among collectors due to their scarcity.According to the official website of The Pokémon Company, 52.9 billion cards have been produced as of October 2023.

 Anime 

As of 2023, the anime consists of over 1,200 episodes across 26 seasons, with the latest, Pokémon Horizons: The Series, premiering in April 2023. The anime originally focused on Ash Ketchum and his travels across the Pokémon world with his partner, Pikachu. They were retired as protagonists after the 25th season, and Pokémon Horizons introduced two new protagonists, Liko and Roy. A total of 23 anime films have been released, the most recent being Pokémon the Movie: Secrets of the Jungle (2020).Spin-off series from the anime have also been produced, including a variety show titled Weekly Pokémon Broadcasting Station (週刊ポケモン放送局, Shūkan Pokemon Hōsōkyoku), which aired on TV Tokyo from 2002 to 2004 and aired in English as part of Pokémon Chronicles, as well as three television specials. Many short films focusing on Pikachu and other Pokémon were released, primarily preceding the films, and many animated mini-series were also released.

 Live-action 
Detective Pikachu, a live-action/animated film based on the video game of the same name, was released in 2019. A sequel is currently under development.A live-action television drama produced by The Pokémon Company and TV Tokyo titled Pocket ni Boken o Tsumekonde premiered on TV Tokyo on October 20, 2023.

 Reaction to Pokémania (1999–2000) 
In 1999 and 2000, Pokémon was an unprecedented, ubiquitous fad in the Western world. Time magazine described it as "a multimedia and interactive barrage like no other before it". The franchise, primarily aimed at children, elicited mixed responses from parents and teachers, some of them critical. Yano (2004) even claimed that the reactions at one point constituted a moral panic.The bulk of the criticism on Pokémon was directed at the trading cards, in particular the booster packs, sealed packages of 11 randomly inserted cards that were sold separately from the main sets. The cards are of varying scarcity, the most valuable being the "holofoil cards" (also called "holographic" or "foil cards"), in which the illustrations of the Pokémon have a shiny overlay effect. The rare cards can only be found in booster packs, and the rarest ones are very infrequently included. Tobin (2004) notes that rarity in this case is "artificially created", and "effectively a form of gambling" in which children need to repeatedly purchase booster packs to get more rare cards. Brougère (2004) described a cynicism among adults that corporations could apparently, "out of thin air", ascribe value to cards which they saw as valueless, thereby "deceiving vulnerable young consumers and garnering excessive profits".As the franchise's popularity grew, children began taking their Pokémon cards to school for trading and playing. Soon, the cards were alleged to be "disrupting learning, poisoning playground friendships and causing such distraction that some children forget their homework, tune out in class and even miss school buses as they scramble to acquire one more card". The cards "turn[ed] the playground into a black market", with card swaps sometimes inciting conflicts. Certain children engaged in "aggressive trading", tricking other (often younger) kids into unfair deals, forcing teachers to arbitrate. Some parents expressed their concerns about the craze, but feared that their children would be ostracized if they were to deny them Pokémon products. In the US, the Pokémon cards ended up "almost universally banned" from school grounds. Similar bans occurred in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and European countries. In September 1999, US-based law firm Milberg filed a class-action lawsuit against Nintendo of America, Wizards of the Coast, and 4Kids. The suit claimed that the booster packs constitute a form of lottery and promote gambling in kids. Susan Estrich noted that similar lawsuits had been filed against trading-card makers in the US, without success. The Pokémon card suit is not known to have gone to court, and is believed to have been settled.The Pokémon anime series was criticized by some as "cheap Japanese animation" that is "violent" and has "little educational value". Michelle Orecklin of Time dismissed the TV series as "less a cartoon than a half-hour exercise in Pokémon product placement". Allison (2006) wrote that even those within Pokémon's US marketing team agreed that the anime's visuals were "not especially sophisticated" compared to Disney cartoons. Pokémon: The First Movie premiered in the United States on November 12, 1999, and in European countries in February 2000. While a huge box-office success, the film was received negatively by several Western film critics. The Guardian decried it as a "contemptuously cheap animated cash-in on the monster kids' craze". The American adult animated series South Park satirized Pokémon in the episode "Chinpokomon", aired on November 3, 1999. In the episode, the titular media franchise is portrayed as a low-quality line of products that is part of an evil plan by the Japanese government to invade the US. South Park co-creator Matt Stone commented that, at the time, Pokémon was "scary huge".Kohler (2016) wrote that at the time Pokémon was considered "ruthlessly commercial", and that it "program[med] children to be consumers of anything and everything Pokémon". CNN quoted child psychiatrist John Lochridge as worrying that "Pokémon's creators and marketers deliberately set out to create a fantasy world so compelling that children would quickly become obsessed". He believed that kids were being "brainwashed", and said: "I have had parents tell me that they cannot get their kids to do anything except Pokémon, so this stuff seems to really capture their minds, in a way". These concerns were countered by psychologist William Damon, who told Newsweek that obsessing is in fact a normal part of a child's neurological development. It should concern parents only when the obsession gets dangerous or excessive. An op-ed in the New Zealander newspaper The Dominion Post claimed that the anti-Pokémon sentiment was particularly American: "The backlash, which seems largely confined to the United States, may be no more than the sound of the world's leading cultural imperialist gagging on a taste of its own medicine".As Pokémania built, Western media started reporting on several crimes associated with Pokémon. These included violence (including two reported stabbings), burglaries, robberies (some at knifepoint), and shoplifting. Almost all these incidents were connected to the Pokémon cards, and the individuals involved were almost always underage. In the US, the incidents peaked in November 1999. In England, Pokémon-related delinquency reached a head in April 2000. High prices on the grey market were a motive behind some of the crimes, "posing a great temptation for older kids and bullies to take advantage of weaker children". At specialty shops and online auctions, rare Pokémon cards could be bought and sold for prices of $50 or more (c. $88 in 2022).Aside from the negative reactions, many media also cited alleged beneficial effects of Pokémon. It was noted that the video games and the cards require children to read, memorize, calculate, and plan out a strategy. Both encourage socialization, and trading Pokémon requires negotiating skills. Stephanie Strom wrote in The New York Times that the Pokémon anime taught children "traditional Japanese values -- responsibility, empathy, cooperation, obedience, respect for elders, humility". Anne Allison interviewed various American parents during Pokémania. She found that while most of them were "utterly mystified" about Pokémon, few were overly worried about it, instead meeting the craze with "befuddled acceptance". Allison also notes that the Columbine High School massacre coincided with the fad, causing violent television, music, and games to be scrutinized. Compared to these media, she notes, Pokémon is in fact rather tame.In contrast, Pokémon received far less criticism in its native country of Japan. Yano (2004) attributes this to cultural differences, which includes: 1) greater acceptance of exuberant consumerism – to buy is to be a good citizen; 2) less focus on media influence – instead, Japan's educational system, bullying, and dysfunctional families are more often the target of attention; 3) less separation between child- and adulthood – what is suitable for adults is not necessarily considered unsuitable for kids; 4) Pokémon being permeated with kawaisa (cuteness), a hallmark of Japanese culture; 5) Japan's core religions, Buddhism and Shinto, are less moralizing in nature. However, Oliver Burkeman wrote in The Guardian that the Pokémon cards were also banned from some Japanese schools.

 Legacy and influences 

After World War II, Japan experienced a period of unprecedented growth and became well-known in the Western world for its consumer products, such as radios (e.g. Panasonic, Toshiba), cars (e.g. Toyota, Mitsubishi), and Sony's Walkman. From 1991 onwards, its economy stagnated, causing the country to lose its status as an economic superpower. However, during the 1990s and 2000s, Japan re-emerged as a source of 'cool' cultural goods, embraced by a growing international audience interested in Japanese culture. Nintendo, Sega, and Sony launched several popular video game consoles and franchises. In terms of children's properties, the success of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers changed perceptions on the viability of such Japanese imports in the West. The Tamagotchi fad (1997–98), centered around a portable digital pet device, was said to have "paved the way for Pokémon".Anne Allison (2006) wrote that, before the 1990s, Japan figured little in the face of the worldwide hegemony of Euro-American cultural industries, in particular that of the US. "Hollywood has been hostile to imports", she wrote, "and foreignness has largely been, and been seen as, an impediment to mass popularization in the United States". The surprise success of Pokémon was "an undeniable breakthrough in the homeland of Disney" that "changed preexisting assumptions about the US marketplace at the same time that it was constantly resisted for deviating from them". Pokémon was a welcomed boon to Japan's faltering economy, and positively influenced the country's soft power. Kamo (2000) interviewed various American children and found that kids who thought Pokémon was cool, were more likely to believe that Japan was a cool nation. Allison (2003) gave a similar finding: all the children she interviewed knew where Pokémon originated, and "many said that, as a result of Pokémon and other 'cool' Japanese goods, they had developed an interest in Japan. A number said that they now wanted to study Japanese and travel there one day". Kohler (2016) wrote: "Japanese are proud of Pokémon, the most successful export of Japanese popular culture ever". Although, Iwabuchi (2004) questioned to what extent Pokémon really is 'Japanese', and to what extent it is simply a good property with universal appeal. He noted that Japanese nationalist commentators celebrated Pokémon's global success and retrospectively attributed this to its "Japanese cultural power", while ignoring the localization of Pokémon overseas, as well as decades of increasing cooperation and cultural exchange between countries (globalization).In the 20th century, anime found niche popularity in North America and Europe in series (Astro Boy, Kimba the White Lion, Speed Racer) and films (Akira, Ghost in the Shell). The Pokémon TV series and films marked a breakthrough for anime, contributing to its growing worldwide success at the turn of the 21st century. For some children, Pokémon was their introduction to 'Japanimation', serving as a "gateway" to other anime, manga, and Japanese culture in general. Pokémon: The First Movie became one of the most successful Japanese animated films in history. After Princess Mononoke, Pokémon: The First Movie became the second anime film to open at mainstream cinemas in the West, as opposed to the usual art house venues. Pioneering anime importer John Ledford noted that Pokémon "underscored the commercial potential of anime", thus making it interesting from a business perspective.The success of Pokémon encouraged companies to look for other popular Japanese properties that might be localized for Western markets. The importing of at least three similar franchises were confirmed by business executives to have been (partly) inspired by Pokémon: Yu-Gi-Oh!, Digimon, and Monster Rancher. The import of Cardcaptor Sakura (as Cardcaptors) might also have been prompted by Pokémon.

 Footnotes 

 References 

Multi-refs notes

 External links 

Official hub to regional Pokémon websites
Pokémon Center, official merchandise web shop
Official Pokémon GO site

West Bengal Public Service Commission
The Public Service Commission, West Bengal or PSCWB (Bengali: পশ্চিমবঙ্গ লোকসেবা আয়োগ) is the state agency authorized to conduct the Civil Services Examination for entry-level appointments to the various Civil Services of the state of West Bengal in India.

 Constitutional status 

Articles 315 to 323 of Part XIV of the constitution, titled as Services Under the Union and the States, provide for a Public Service Commission for the Union and for each state.

 Appointment 

As per Article 316 of the Constitution of India provides that the chairman and other members of the commission shall be appointed by the Governor of West Bengal.
As per Article 319, a person who holds office as Chairman shall, on the expiration of his term of office, be ineligible for re-appointment to that office. But, a member other than the Chairman shall be eligible for appointment as the Chairman of the Commission.

 Removal and suspension 
As per Article 317, the Chairman or any other member of a Public Service Commission shall only be removed from their office by order of the President on the ground of "misbehaviour" after the Supreme Court, on reference being made to it by the President, has, on inquiry reported that the Chairman or such other member ought to be removed. The President may suspend the Chairman or other member of the Commission until report of the Supreme Court is received.The President may also remove the Chairman or any other member of the commission if a member:

is adjudged an insolvent; or
engages during their term of office in any paid employment outside the duties of their office; or
is, in the opinion of the President, unfit to continue in office by reason of infirmity of mind or body.
The Chairman or any other member cannot hold an office of profit or otherwise they shall be deemed to be guilty of misbehaviour.

 Functions 
As per Article 320, it shall be the duty of the State Public Service Commissions to conduct examinations for appointments to the services of the respective states. It shall also assist two or more States, if requested so, in framing and operating schemes of joint recruitment for any services.The State Public Service Commission shall be consulted:

on all matters relating to
methods of recruitment to civil services and for civil posts
making appointments to civil services and posts
making promotions and transfers from one service to another
the suitability of candidates for such appointments, promotions or transfers

 Expenses 
As per Article 322, the expenses of the State Public Service Commission, including any salaries, allowances and pensions payable to or in respect of the members or staff of the Commission, shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the respective state.

 Reporting 
As per Article 323, it will be the duty of a State Commission to present annually to the Governor of the State a report as to the work done by the Commission, and it shall be the duty of a Joint Commission to present annually to the Governor of each of the States the needs of which are served by the Joint Commission a report as to the work done by the Commission in relation to that State, and in either case the Governor, shall, on receipt of such report, cause a copy thereof together with a memorandum explaining, as respects the cases, if any, where the advice of the Commission was not accepted, the reasons for such nonacceptance to be laid before the Legislature of the State.

 Members 

 Location 
The office of the Public Service Commission, West Bengal is situated in Mudiali, Tollygunge area, Kolkata. The official address is 161A Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Road, Kolkata 700026.
Rabindra Sarobar metro station of Kolkata Metro Line 1 is the nearest metro station while Tollygunge railway station is the nearest railway station.

 Services 
A  Only candidates who have pursued a law degree are eligible to appear in the exam.
B  Candidates who hold a bachelor's degree in commerce are eligible to apply for this exam.
C  Candidates who possess a bachelor's degree in some selected science streams are eligible to apply for this exam.

 See also 
Civil Services of India
Public service commissions in India
Union Public Service Commission
West Bengal Civil Service
List of Public service commissions in India

 References 

 External links 
Annual Report 2018-19Annual Report 2019-20

Leo (given name)
Leo is a given name in several languages. In European languages, it is usually a masculine given name and it comes from the Latin word leo, which  in turns comes from the Greek word λέων meaning "lion". It can also refer to the names such as Leonard, Leonardo, or Leopold. In Japanese, Leo or Reo (怜央) is usually a masculine given name.
The name can refer to:

 People 

 Religious figures 
Pope Leo (disambiguation), 13 popes
List of saints named Leo
Leo of Constantinople (fl. 1134–1143), Patriarch of Constantinople
Leo Rajendram Antony (1927–2012), 4th Bishop of Trincomalee
Leo Baeck (1873–1956), German rabbi, scholar, and theologian
Leo Zhedenov (1883–1959), member of the Russian apostolate

 Rulers 
Emperor Leo (disambiguation), six Byzantine emperors
King Leo (disambiguation), various kings and monarchs with the ruling name Leo
Leo I, Prince of Armenia (died 1140)

 Scientists 
Leo Esaki (born 1925), Japanese physicist and Nobel laureate
Leo Kadanoff (1937–2015), American physicist
Leó Szilárd (1898–1964), Jewish Hungarian-American physicist

 In sports 

 Association football 
Leo Beenhakker (born 1942), Dutch football manager
Leo Bosschart (1888–1951), Dutch footballer
Leo Fortune-West (born 1971), English footballer
Leo Krupnik (born 1979), Ukrainian-born American-Israeli former soccer player and current soccer coach
Leo Messi (born 1987), Argentine footballer

 Other sports 
Leo Baker (skateboarder) (born 1991), American skateboarder
Leo Barry (born 1977), Australian rules footballer
Leo Cantor (1919–1995), American NFL football player
Leo Chenal (born 2000), American football player
Leo Durocher (1905–1991), American baseball player and manager
Leo Klein Gebbink (born 1968), Dutch field hockey player
Leo Koloamatangi (born 1994), American football player
Leo Komarov (born 1987), Finnish ice hockey player
Leo Mazzone (born 1948), pitching coach for the Atlanta Braves and the Baltimore Orioles
Leo Monahan (journalist) (1926–2013), American sports journalist
Leo Nomellini (1924–2000), American football player in both the College and Pro Football Halls of Fame
Leo Peelen (1968–2017), Dutch track cyclist
Leo Visser (born 1966), Dutch ice speed skater
Leo van Vliet (born 1955), Dutch road bicycle racer

 Artists and entertainers 
Leo Arnaud (1904–1991), French-American composer
Leo de Berardinis (1940–2008), Italian stage actor and theatre director
Leo de Bever (1930–2015), Dutch architect
Leo G. Carroll (1886–1972), English actor
Leo Chiosso (1920 - 2006), Italian lyricist
Leo F. Forbstein (1892–1948), American film musical director and orchestra conductor
Leo Gorcey (1917–1969), American actor
Leo Howard (born 1997), American actor and martial artist
Leo von König (1871–1944), German painter
Leo Kottke (born 1945), American Finger-style Guitarist
Leo Ku (born 1972), Hong Kong singer and actor
Leo Rosten (1908–1997), American humorist
Leo Saussay (born 1990), Thai actor and singer
Leo Sayer (born 1948), British-born Australian pop musician
Leo Tolstoy (1826–1910), Russian novelist

 Politicians 
Leo von Caprivi (1831–1899), German general and Chancellor of Germany
Leo Fernando (1895–1954), Sri Lankan Sinhala businessman, Member of Parliament for Buttala Electoral District
Leo Parskey (1915–1994), justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court
Leo Ryan (1925–1978), California Congressman killed at Jonestown
Leo Varadkar (born 1979), Irish politician and Tánaiste

 Other 
Leo of Tripoli (died after 921/2), Greek renegade and admiral for the Abbasid Caliphate
Leo Africanus (c. 1494 – c. 1554?), Andalusian Berber Moorish diplomat and author
Leo Burnett (1891–1971), American advertising executive
Leo Fender (1909–1991), American inventor, maker of electric guitars
Leo Frank (1884–1915), American Jew murdered by a lynch mob
Leo Jogiches (1867–1919), Russian Marxist revolutionary
Leo Krim (2010–2012), American child killed along with his sister Lucia by their nanny
Leo Laporte (born 1956), American technology broadcaster and author
A. Leo Levin (1919–2015), American law professor
Leo Loudenslager (1944–1997), American world champion aerobatics aviator
Leo Strauss (1899–1973), American political philosopher

 Fictional characters 
Dr. Leo Marvin, in the 1991 American comedy film What About Bob?, played by Richard Dreyfuss
Leo Das, in the 2023 Indian action film Leo, played by Vijay
Leo Beck, hunter in the video game Identity V
Leo Tsukinaga, singer/songwriter from the franchise Ensemble Stars!
Leo Corbett (Power Rangers), on the television series Power Rangers: Lost Galaxy
Leo Demidov, protagonist of the novel Child 44
Leo, from the manga series Pandora Hearts
the title character of Ultraman Leo, a 1974 tokusatsu television series
Leo Jones (Doctor Who), on the television series Doctor Who
Leo Kliesen, a German spelunker in the Tekken series
Leo Kovalensky, from the novel We the Living by Ayn Rand
Leo McGarry, on the television series The West Wing
Leo Fitz, on the television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., played by Iain De Caestecker
Leo Ross, in the 1989 American action comedy movie Speed Zone
Leo, a nickname for Leonardo from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Leo Wong, the father of Amy Wong on the television series Futurama
Leo Valdez, a son of Hephaestus from Rick Riordan's The Heroes of Olympus fantasy novel series
Leo Wagonman, one of the two main characters in the American sitcom television series George and Leo
Leo Wyatt, on the television series Charmed
Uncle Leo, on the television series Seinfeld
Leo (That '70s Show), on the television series That '70s Show, played by Tommy Chong
Leo (comics), in the Marvel universe
Leo (Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's), in the manga series Yu-Gi-Oh!
A character in the video game series Tekken
A character in the opera Leo, the Royal Cadet
A character in the video game Final Fantasy VI
A character in Red Earth (video game) (aka Warzard)
Leo, in the American animated series Little Einsteins
Leo, in the Canadian animated series Caillou
A character in the anime and manga series Fairy Tail, who also goes by the name of "Loke"
A character in the video game Fire Emblem Fates
Leo, a character in the Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger
Leo Lieberman, daughter of David "Micro" Lieberman and Sarah Lieberman in The Punisher, portrayed by Ripley Sobo
Leo, one of the instructors in the video game Fitness Boxing 2: Rhythm and Exercise

 See also 
Léo
Leo (surname)
Leon (given name)

Corazones
Corazones is the fourth studio album by the Chilean rock band Los Prisioneros, released in 1990. Produced by the Argentine Gustavo Santaolalla, in conjunction with Aníbal Kerpel on the EMI label, it was recorded, mixed and mastered in Los Angeles, California being the first album recorded outside of Chile. It was distributed overseas by the Capitol label.

 Background 
Before the production of the album, Corazones, between July and August 1989, the group Los Prisioneros recorded at the Konstantinopla Studios owned by Carlos Cabezas Rocuant, "Beaucheff 1435". Whose name is due to the musician's home address Jorge González, where the songs on the album were composed the vast majority. A part of these themes were known in 1996 with the album compilation Ni Por La Razon, Ni Por La Fuerza, and the other remain in public knowledge with Internet.Some of these songs mixed melancholic melodies, more intimate lyrics and a couple of dance songs, all led by synthesizers and programmed drums, highlighting pieces such as "En forma de pez", "Ella espera" and "Las sierras electricas". The sound of the album is a continuation of the sonic search for La cultura de la basura, but with elements of house. In addition, González's acute social vision finds its place in "Las sierras eléctricas", with the romantic counterpart of "En forma de pez": a 7-minute suite inspired by Martin Gore from Depeche Mode. González left for Los Angeles, California in October 1989 with only the company of the band's manager, Carlos Fonseca, since Tapia was unable to obtain a visa to enter the United States. Narea had distanced herself after seeing his role as guitarist and occasional songwriter increasingly diminished.The production of the album began without the collaboration of Claudio Narea, who left the group in the middle of the work process, in the midst of love problems that were finally reflected in the lyrics distributed on the album. Narea's departure was marked by the hidden relationship between his wife and Gonzalez, but he also had a musical artist: "He did not agree with the sound that the group's leader wanted to give the trio, influenced by synthesizers and electropop that unfolded in the '80." Finally "Corazones" was dominated under Argentine producer Gustavo Santaolalla, who had recognition with his band Arco Iris and collaborating on records for Wet Picnic and León Gieco. All of their previous albums had been produced by González, however Santaolalla brought an "astounding new level of polish" to the band, infusing jagged electronic melodies with "soaring pop" production and regional instruments like the charango to solidify a sonic identity that was "originally and unquestionably Latin American".

 Release 
Corazones was released on May 20, 1990 on EMI label. It was certified with four platinum records for selling 180,000 copies. His first single was "Tren al Sur" was released on May 7, 1990, prior to his official release.

 Reception 
In 1990, Jorge was chosen as the composer of the year by the Chilean Copyright Society. In 2006 was chosen as the best Ibero-American rock album No. 54 by Al Borde, and in 2008 as the ninth best Chilean album by Rolling Stone.

 Artwork 
The album cover was photographed by Alejandro Barruel and designed by Vicente "Vicho" Vargas, The cover shows González wearing a white shirt with blood on the heart, however the bloodstain is on the opposite side of, this error was not corrected until the 1995 edition. The shirt used was purchased by manager Carlos Fonseca for the photo in a Paris store, located on Lyon venue. "We just knew that Claudio had left. It was very strange to take photos without him", recalled Fonseca.

 Legacy and influence 
Some of the album tracks were covered by some singers like: "Amiga mía", covered by Javiera Mena for the 2012 movie Joven y Alocada, Fakuta, covered the song "Cuentame una historia original". Produced by Vicente Sanfuentes and Lego Mustache, the song "Estrechez de corazón" was covered by Carlos Cabezas, Francisca Valenzuela, and the group Villa Cariño. Being recorded in Triana studios by the famous engineer Gonzalo González, with a music video directed by Felipe Foncea. In the tribute album to Jorge González, "Nada es para Siempre", the musicians Gepe and Javiera Mena, accompanied by Cecilia Aguayo, Uwe Schmidt, Felipe Carbone, and Gonzalo Yáñez performed a version of "Cuentame una historia original". In 2020 David Eidelstein, the bassist of Los Tetas known as "Rulo", covered the song "Estrechez de corazón".

 Track listing 
Side A

Side B

 References 

I Only Want to Live Once
I Only Want to Live Once is the debut studio album by American indie rock singer John O'Callaghan under his alias John the Ghost. The album was released on February 12, 2021.

 Background 
John O'Callaghan spoke about how the album came together and the title of the album.

"What started out as a single song, turned into 3, turned into 7, which all turned into my debut 9 song album. A friend of mine interpreted the title, I Only Want to Live Once, as a negative, when in reality I meant for it to highlight my lust for life. Live today because you live once."
O'Callaghan further explained that, "I view it more as a positive. You're only given one walk around the block and I felt like, a lot of songs that I've put out prior to this and before I fell in love, I was singing about that shit all the time. Singing about all these things that I wanted, and I think 'Live Once' is all about the idea that I obtained those things and why I am not as thankful as I should be?." Originally, O'Callaghan wanted to release the songs individually. However, blending a multitude of styles and influences resulted into an album with each track being recording within a day.

 Composition 
Songs from I Only Want to Live Once were written by O'Callaghan, while production handled by Matt Keller and was recorded in nine days. O'Callaghan described the album as a "compilation of different vibes," pulling out his love for pop music. He had ideas for the songs for over four years, while others came about in February 2020. Originally, these songs were written for The Maine's next album but "weren't good enough" to make the cut. Eventually, the songs made its way onto I Only Want to Live Once. "Drive" was written in 2020 and was a "response to the pandemic." "Live Once" was a "last-minute idea" that "embodies the message" behind the album's title. The lead single, "Rolled Down Windows" is described as "melancholic sounding" with an upbeat and dance-pop influence. O'Callaghan called the song, "an open letter" to his past, with a sound most fans wouldn't expect.

 Release 
On April 16, 2020, O'Callaghan released "Rolled Down Windows" as the lead single from I Only Want to Live Once. "Live Once" was released on December 18, 2020 as the second single from the album. The third single, "Drive" was released on January 15, 2021, with a music video directed by Lupe Bustos premiering the same day. The fourth single, "The Patterns" was released on February 5, 2021.

 Critical reception 
I Only Want to Live Once was met with positive reviews from music critics. Sam DeVotta of idobi Radio stated, "Each track brings its own unique sound, blending together to paint a portrait of what it's like to be human, with all our joys and sorrows and every feeling in between." She described the lead single "Rolled Down Window" as a "retro bop." She also praised O'Callaghan's vocals on the fourth track, "Drive". She ended off remarking, "There's no denying that O'Callaghan has a vital talent that makes his work so relatable." Sammy Andrews of Redbrick called the singles, "the clear standouts" on the album. She praised the lyrics on the opening track, "Live Once". She also complimented the, "driving drumbeat... that lifts up the melancholic tone" on the seventh track, "So So". However, she was critical on songs such as "Y" and "8" calling them "quite repetitive" and that "they seem a little bit too weighed down by the electric effects layered throughout them."

 Track listing 

 Personnel 
Credits for I Only Want to Live Once.

John the Ghost – primary artist, lyricist, composer, co-producer
Matt Keller – mastering, mixing, recording, producer
Adam Simon – additional guitar
De'Wayne – featured artist

 Release history 

 References 

Zinacantepec railway station
The Zinacantepec railway station is a commuter railway station serving the El Insurgente commuter rail system that will connect Greater Toluca, State of Mexico, with Mexico City. The station is located along Boulevard Solidaridad Las Torres, in the municipality of Toluca, a few meters away from the adjacent municipality of Zinacantepec, and it serves as the western terminus of the line. 
Zinacantepec railway station opened on 15 September 2023, with eastward service towards Lerma railway station. It is an elevated station with one island platform; the facilities are accessible to people with disabilities.

 Location and layout 
Zinacantepec railway station is a commuter railway station located along Boulevard Solidaridad Las Torres, in Toluca de Lerdo, the capital of the State of Mexico, near the limits shared with the municipality of Zinacantepec, and near the Parque Alameda 2000 state park.The area is serviced by multiple intercity bus service routes, including some which go to the municipalities of San Mateo Atenco and Lerma. The line's workshop and the respective railyard are located after the station. When the station opened, it became a hotspot for street vendorsThe station was built above ground level.  It has a disabled-accessible service with elevators, escalators, tactile pavings, access rams, braille signage plates, as well as visual signage and auditive announcements.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Estación Zinacantepec at TEN Arquitectos micro website.

Eric Bieniemy
Eric Bieniemy Jr. (bee-EN-uh-me; born August 15, 1969) is an American football coach and former running back.
He played college football for the Colorado Buffaloes and is their all-time leader in rushing yards (3,940) and touchdowns (42). He was named a unanimous All-American and finished third in Heisman Trophy voting during their national championship season in 1990.
Bieniemy was selected by the San Diego Chargers in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft, later playing for the Cincinnati Bengals and Philadelphia Eagles primarily as a special teamer before returning to Colorado in the early 2000s to finish his degree. Following that, he was hired as the school's running backs coach and later coached for the UCLA Bruins and the NFL's Minnesota Vikings, helping develop players such as Maurice Jones-Drew and Adrian Peterson.
Bieniemy was Colorado's offensive coordinator for two seasons prior to joining the Kansas City Chiefs as running backs coach in 2013. He was credited in the development of Jamaal Charles and Kareem Hunt, with the latter leading the NFL in rushing yards as a rookie in 2017. He was promoted to offensive coordinator under head coach Andy Reid in 2018, winning Super Bowl LIV and Super Bowl LVII with the Chiefs before joining the Washington Commanders for one season as their assistant head coach and offensive coordinator in 2023.

 Early years 
Bieniemy was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, on August 15, 1969. He later moved with his family to Hollywood, California, in 1979 before settling in West Covina, California, the following year. He later attended Bishop Amat Memorial High School in La Puente, California, lettering in football and track and field. Bieniemy earned second-team All-America football honors as a senior in 1986 after rushing for 2,002 yards and 30 touchdowns.

 College 
Bieniemy enrolled at the University of Colorado Boulder in 1987, choosing them over the University of Southern California explaining: "I had been used to living in big city; I had never been in a small city. It was pretty, it was the first time in snow, it was just something different. I wanted to be a part of it." He was an immediate starter for the Colorado Buffaloes as a freshman and was named to the 1988 All-Big Eight Conference football team as a sophomore after rushing 219 times for 1,243 yards and 10 touchdowns.He played in the Fifth Down Game against Missouri as a senior in 1990, in which two consecutive rushes by him were counted as second down due to an officiating error. By the end of the 1990 season, he was named the Big Eight Conference's Offensive Player of the Year while finishing third in Heisman Trophy voting after rushing for 1,628 with 17 touchdowns en route to a national championship. Bieniemy is Colorado's all-time leader in rushing (3,940 yards), rushing touchdowns (42), and all-purpose yards (4,351). He was inducted into the school's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2010.

 Professional career 
Bieniemy was selected by the San Diego Chargers in the second round (39th overall) of the 1991 NFL Draft. In 1994, he appeared in Super Bowl XXIX and recorded a 33-yard reception, the longest of the game for the team. Bieniemy also played with the Cincinnati Bengals in 1995 to 1998 before retiring after one season with the Philadelphia Eagles in 1999. He finished his career with 1,589 rushing yards, 1,223 receiving yards, 276 return yards, 1,621 yards on kickoff returns, and 12 touchdowns (11 rushing and one kickoff).

 Coaching career 

 Early college jobs 
Bieniemy was an assistant coach at Denver's Thomas Jefferson High School in 2000. He re-enrolled at Colorado in 2001 to finish his degree in sociology and was the running backs coach for the Buffaloes from 2001 to 2002 and was UCLA running back coach from 2003 to 2005, as well as the team's recruiting coordinator in 2005.

 Minnesota Vikings 
Following UCLA's 2005 Sun Bowl victory, Bieniemy accepted a position as running backs coach for the Minnesota Vikings in the NFL. During his time with the Vikings, Adrian Peterson, led the NFC in rushing with 1,341 yards in 2007 and also in 2008 with 1,760 yards, which was also top in the NFL. Bieniemy was given the title of assistant head coach in 2010.

 Return to Colorado 
On December 2, 2010, Bieniemy returned to Colorado as offensive coordinator under head coach Jon Embree. Bieniemy was offered the head coach position in 2020 at Colorado but declined.

 Kansas City Chiefs 
In 2013, Kansas City Chiefs head coach Andy Reid hired Bieniemy to be the running backs coach. In 2018, Reid promoted Bieniemy to offensive coordinator to succeed Matt Nagy who had been hired as the head coach of the Chicago Bears. In Bieniemy's first season as the Chiefs offensive coordinator, the Chiefs were first in the NFL in yards per game and points scored. The Chiefs scored the third-most points in a season in NFL history with 565. Additionally, Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes became the second quarterback in NFL history, along with Peyton Manning, to throw for 5,000 yards and 50 touchdowns in a season. The Chiefs reached the 2018 AFC Championship Game where they lost to the New England Patriots. In 2019, Bieniemy won his first Super Bowl when the Chiefs defeated the San Francisco 49ers 31–20 in Super Bowl LIV. In 2022, Bieniemy won his second Super Bowl with the Chiefs after defeating the Philadelphia Eagles 38-35 in Super Bowl LVII.

 Washington Commanders 
On February 17, 2023, Bieniemy signed a two-year contract with the Washington Commanders to be Ron Rivera's assistant head coach and offensive coordinator. He was given full playcalling duties, something he shared under Chiefs head coach Andy Reid. At the conclusion of his first season with Washington, the Commanders finished with a 4-13 record, securing them the second overall pick in the 2024 NFL Draft. Bieniemy's offense ranked 21st in average yards per game. On February 4, 2024, the Commanders hired Kliff Kingsbury to be their new offensive coordinator and it was announced the following day by new head coach Dan Quinn that Bieniemy would not retained on his coaching staff.

 Personal life 
Bieniemy and his wife, Mia, have two sons. His nephew, Jamal, played basketball at the University of Oklahoma and University of Texas El Paso. He also is a member of Omega Psi Phi.

 Legal issues 
Bieniemy was arrested along with Colorado teammate Kanavis McGhee following a bar fight in February 1988. McGhee said the dispute arose after Bieniemy alleged that he had been called a "nigger" by a bar patron. He pleaded no contest to disorderly conduct and was sentenced to community service. Bieniemy also received discipline from head coach Bill McCartney.In 1989, Bieniemy was ticketed in Westminster, Colorado for driving a defective vehicle, and in Aurora, Colorado for speeding. In October 1990, his license was suspended for a year after another traffic violation. On March 21, 1991, Bieniemy was caught speeding and driving with suspended license on Interstate 70 near Rifle, Colorado, going 92 mph in a 65 mph zone. On April 17, 1991, Bieniemy failed to appear in court on charges relating to the March 21 incident. A bench warrant was issued in Colorado for his arrest on April 23, 1991, two days after Bieniemy was drafted in the NFL.On July 4, 1990, Bieniemy pleaded no contest to interfering with a firefighter who had been performing his duties to extinguish a fire in Bieniemy's mother's garage. Bieniemy received an eight-month suspended sentence and was suspended for one game. Bieniemy was instructed to do 40 hours of community service and attend an eight-hour firefighting training session. An assistant city attorney said that Bieniemy failed to attend the firefighting training session as stipulated in the plea agreement, but Bieniemy asserted the session was optional.On September 27, 1993, Bieniemy was arrested in Boulder, Colorado, for allegedly harassing a female parking attendant. According to the police report, while with his friends, Bieniemy put his hand on the attendant's neck, startling her. She told police ," that Bieniemy and his friends took off their pants and began urinating nearby. Bieniemy was also named in an outstanding warrant on a charge of driving with a suspended license. As a result of this incident, Bieniemy was banned from the University of Colorado Boulder campus for one year. In April 2001, Bieniemy was arrested for driving under the influence and was docked a month's pay.

 References 

 External links 

Washington Commanders bio
Colorado Buffaloes bio
UCLA Bruins bio

Blickensderfer typewriter
The Blickensderfer typewriter was invented by George Canfield Blickensderfer (1850–1917) and patented on April 12, 1892.  Blickensderfer was a nephew of John Celivergos Zachos, the inventor of the stenotype.  Two models, Model 1 and Model 5, were unveiled to the public at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago. The Model 5 was a stripped-down version of the bigger, more complex Model 1. These machines were intended to compete with larger Remington, Hammond and Yost typewriters, and were the first truly portable, full-keyboard typewriters. The design also enabled the typist to see the typed work, at a time when most typewriters were understrike machines that concealed the writing. When Blickensderfer unveiled his small Model 5, its compactness and novel features attracted huge crowds and many orders.

 History 
The Blickensderfer typewriters were initially manufactured in a rented factory on Garden Street in Stamford, Connecticut. By 1896, due to strong foreign  demand in particular for his machines, Blickensderfer opened a new and modern factory on Atlantic Street in Stamford. According to an article published by the Stamford Historical Society, "Blickensderfer's typewriter ... became the world's best seller, and the company became one of the world's largest typewriter manufacturers." The factory employed about 200 people and produced about 10,000 typewriters per year at its peak (1903-1907) until the factory closed in 1919. The first commercially successful model was the No. 5, which sold for $35, compared to the benchmark machines of the day which cost $100 or more. Each new Model 5 came in a simple wooden carrying case with an extra typewheel, a dozen ink rolls and a tool kit.
Blickensderfer typewriters were sold in France under the Dactyle name. The machines were sold in Canada by the Creelman Brothers Company of Georgetown, Ontario. They were also sold and marketed in Great Britain, Germany, New Zealand and Russia. The keyboards and type wheels were available for numerous languages, including French, Spanish, German and Polish. Some machines, called the Oriental, were adapted so the carriage moved from left to right, to accommodate Hebrew and Arabic languages. 
The company's European business declined with the onset of World War I, and production and sales were particularly hard hit when the United States joined the war in 1917. As part of the war effort Blickensderfer converted much of his factory to produce munitions for the war, including a machine gun belt feed for the French government and 50 caliber machine gun mounts for aircraft.
George Blickensderfer died on August 15, 1917, after a short illness. With the brilliant chief engineer and designer gone, his company could not continue, and the heirs sold it in 1919. After several unsuccessful years under different ownership, the Remington Typewriter Company acquired the assets, including tools, parts, drawings and intellectual rights, from the bankrupt L.R. Roberts Company in 1926. Remington attempted to introduce a modified Blickensderfer 5 called the Rem-Blick to the market, but by the end of 1928 the model was discontinued.

 Design 
The Blickensderfer typewriter dramatically reduced the complexity of the typewriter design. A typical Blickensderfer contained only 250 parts, compared to the 2,500 parts of a standard typewriter. It was much smaller, lighter and cheaper than others. Some of the first aluminium typewriters, marketed as the Blickensderfer 6 and the Blickensderfer Featherweight, were made by Blickensderfer, as was the world's first fully electric typewriter, the Blickensderfer Electric.
Instead of the common mechanism with letters on the end of individual type bars connected to the keys, the first Blickensderfer prototype used a cylindrical typewheel with four rows of characters; lower case, upper case, italics and short words embossed on it. It was later modified to three rows of characters: lower case, upper case and a row of numbers and symbols. Depressing a key caused the typewheel to turn so the correct letter was positioned over the paper. As the wheel turned it moved downward, contacting an ink roller prior to striking the paper. This allowed for greater speed in typing as there were no keys to become jammed or stuck together. The interchangeable typewheel principle is very similar to the IBM Selectric design introduced almost 70 years later in 1961. Like the Selectric, one could easily change the typeface or  the font style on a Blickensderfer simply by changing the typewheel.
Blickensderfers were also notable for their unique keyboard layout developed by George Blickensderfer after careful analysis of the English language. The home, or lowest row of keys, contained the most commonly used letters. Blickensderfer determined that 85% of words contained these letters, DHIATENSOR. This positioning allowed the typist to keep his hands on the home row as much as possible, minimizing extraneous hand movement and increasing efficiency. The QWERTY keyboard introduced on the Sholes & Glidden typewriter in 1874 was designed for purely mechanical reasons and the chances of the keys striking each other and jamming was more limited with this configuration. Because the Blickensderfer used the typewheel, the "scientific" keyboard layout could be used for maximum typing efficiency.

 Models 

 Model 5 
The first widely successful production model was the Blickensderfer 5, introduced at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago. Production of the model 5 did not seriously get underway until 1895-1896. The 5 was the first portable, full keyboard, typewriter and came with the DHIATENSOR keyboard as standard or with a QWERTY keyboard available on request. Some of the earliest Blickensderfer 5's were sold in France as the  Dactyle . The Blickensderfer 5 was the simplest of all Blickensderfer models and more were produced than any other Blickensderfer machine. About 74,000 or 37% of the 200,000 Blickensderfer typewriters produced, were No. 5's and their production continued until 1913, when other models became more popular.

 Model 6 and Featherweight 
In 1910 George Blickensderfer introduced the Blickensderfer 6, which was cast in aluminium and was essentially a lighter version of the Blickensderfer 5 which used cast iron. The aluminium version also appeared as the Blickensderfer Featherweight, which was an improved Model 6 with a backspace mechanism and the ink arm support was modified to an attractive curved folding design. These typewriters weighed only 5 pounds and were widely marketed as the Five-Pound Secretary.

 Model 7 
The Model 7, first introduced in 1897, became the deluxe version of the basic No. 5 and was designed to please a greater cross section of the market. The biggest and most obvious difference was the wraparound space bar, which gave the machine a more solid and distinctive look. Blickensderfer also improved the paper scale, added black composite carriage knobs at both ends of the palten, added adjustable margin stops and a bell mechanism designed to be struck by a clapper attached to the inker arm indicating when the carriage was approaching the end of the typed line. The Blickensderfer 7 was also mounted on an oak base fitted with an attractive bentwood laminated oak case. About 63,000 Blickensderfer No. 7's were produced from 1897 until 1916.

 Blickensderfer Electric 
The Blickensderfer Electric was a revolutionary machine and was far ahead of its time when it was first introduced at the Pan-American Exhibition in Buffalo in 1901 following its patent in August 1900 (patent no.656,085). It had all the familiar characteristics of the manual models, plus a QWERTY or a DHIATENSOR keyboard and all the advantages of later electric typewriters, including a light key touch, even typing, and automatic carriage return and line spacing. The machine was powered by an Emerson electric motor mounted on the rear and switched on by turning a Yale key on the side. The motor ran on 104 Volt 60 Hz AC electric current, which was not yet widely standard at the time. (See War of the currents)
It is believed that the Blickensderfer Electric was produced from 1901 to 1919. Although a technological and engineering success, it was a commercial failure as at the time many homes and businesses were not wired for electricity. Electricity was primarily used for lighting and therefore not widely available during the daytime.
The Blickensderfer Electrics were advertised and marketed in both France and Britain, although it is not known how many machines were ultimately sold. 
Very few machines are known to exist today, and they are found with both straight fronts and QWERTY keyboards or curved fronts and DHIATENSOR keyboards.

 Model 8 
The Blickensderfer 8 introduced in 1908 was the first Blickensderfer to boast a tabulator system (see Tab stop), even though tabulators had been around for some time. This model was a considerable success and more were sold in 1908 than any other model. This machine was more massive and sturdier looking than the 7 with a two-piece typehead casting and a popular backspace mechanism. The tabulator used large nickel-plated levers placed on top of the machine, making it easy to operate. 
Production peaked in 1910 and declined until production ended in 1917. About 20,000 Blickensderfer 8's were produced, accounting for about 10% of all Blickensderfer models sold.

 Model 9 
The Model 9, believed to be introduced in mid-1910, was similar in appearance to the Model 8, but lacked the nickel plated tabulator keys and also featured a folding ink roller arm support similar to the Blickensderfer Featherweight. Only about 10,000 machines were produced, ending in 1919.

 Innovation and technology 
On August 4, 1891, after several prototypes, Blickensderfer patented The Blickensderfer Type Writing Machine. The central component was the use of the cylindrical shaped interchangeable type element which he initially patented on July 15, 1890. An earlier variation to Blickensderfer's typewheel was introduced on the Crandall 1 typewriter in 1883 but Blickensderfer's genius was in the use of the typewheel combined with the simplicity and the small size of his machine. This invention was unlike anything else on the market and was considered a mechanical marvel that took typewriter engineering to a new level. Striking a key turned the wheel to the appropriate orientation while inking the typeface as it tipped downward past the ink roller to strike the paper. Holding the Cap or Fig keys shifted the typewheel along its axis to use either the middle row, for capital letters, or the lower row, for special characters and numbers.

Industrial production in the 1890s was not highly automated and assembly was done completely by hand. This allowed for easy design changes and improvements to the production process. Blickensderfer continued to improve his machines and a number of new patents were filed for the Blickensderfer 5 up to June 1, 1897, when the machine largely remained the same for the balance of its production life. Blickensderfer continued to invent new machines until his death, including the Blickensderfer Electric and various standard machines with the Blickensderfer 9 being his last major new model.
The typewheel, like the later typeball of the IBM Selectric typewriter, was the central component of all the Blickensderfer machines. It could be easily removed, allowing users to select a large variety of fonts and typefaces. Later in the company’s production history, the basic machines' keyboards could easily be adapted to other languages at the Blickensderfer factory simply by changing the removable keytop covers and adding the corresponding language typewheel.

 Scientific keyboard 
One unique feature of the Blickensderfer typewriter was the scientific or DHIATENSOR keyboard. The DHIATENSOR layout is shown below (with alphanumeric characters only): Blickensderfer analyzed the English language and proposed a unique and more efficient keyboard based on his research. He determined that the ten most frequently used letters were A, D, E, H, I, N, O, R, S, and T, and were used in about 70% of written text and in about 85% of all words. The middle row contained letters that occurred 24% of the time and the top row about 6%. Blickensderfer offered the scientific keyboard in the hopes that his more efficient system would replace the clumsy but widely used QWERTY or universal keyboard developed by Sholes and Glidden in 1874. Unfortunately for Blickensderfer, no other typewriter manufacturer adopted the scientific keyboard and Blickensderfer had no choice but to offer the universal keyboard on all his machines as an option. Toward the end of the company's existence, most machines were sold with the universal keyboard. There were modifications to the layout made for Spanish, French, German, and Polish.

By way of comparison, the later Dvorak keyboard layout has the consonants on its home row in DHIATENSOR order: D H T N S. The Dvorak R is in the neighboring far row, between T and N. The same vowels, plus U, are present on the left in a different order.

 Notes 

 References 

 Sources 
Milton, Richard (2004). "Portable Typewriters - Blickensderfer". Archived from the original on 2006-03-29. (via Internet Archive)
http://www.antikeychop.com/blickensderfer-typewriters
http://www.stamfordhistory.org/blickens.htm
http://www.portabletypewriters.co.uk/portable_typewriters_blickensderfer.htm

 Bibliography 
Canfield, Fredreick A. (1897). A History of Thomas Canfield and of Matthew Camfield with A Genealogy of their Descendants in New Jersey. The Title Morehouse & Taylor Press, New Haven Conn.
Blickensderfer, Robert; Paul Robert (2003). The Five-Pound Secretary An illustrated history of the Blickensderfer Typewriter. The Virtual Typewriter Museum. ISBN 90-74999-05-0.

 External links 
"Blickensderfer 1-8 and Electric typewriters".

Pierre-Robert Le Cornier de Cideville
Pierre Robert Le Cornier de Cideville (2 September 1693 – 5 March 1776), was a French magistrate and scholar, co-founder of the Academy of Rouen.
Cideville, who was born at Rouen (Normandy), the descendant by his mother, of the poet Chapelle, Boileau and Molière's merry companion.
He succeeded his father in his position of councilor to the Parliament of Normandy. In addition to his assiduous study of law, he managed to dabble in music, painting and poetry, having, at age eighteen, won a prize at the Palinods Academy of Rouen.
Cideville was Voltaire's classmate at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand, and the latter professed, fifty years later, that they still were friends. In fact, Voltaire held Cideville's literary judgment in such high esteem that he did not hesitate to submit his writings to his review. Voltaire even came to seek refuge at his home in 1730 when legal action had been taken against him for some of his works. He allegedly wrote Éryphile et La Mort de César during his stay in Normandy.
The correspondence of this major figure of the Enlightenment in the provinces with Voltaire is a treasure trove for scholars of that era. Cideville possessed an epigrammatic talent which is evidenced in one of his letters where his recounts his pen-friend how Voltaire had to leave very hastily Déville on the day a farmer he had cured from a fever, mistook him for a sorcerer.
Le Cornier of Cideville co-founded, along with Fontenelle, the Academy of Rouen, and he drafted its charter. He also endowed Rouen with a tuition-free art school, which was to play a key role in the development of pictorial art in Normandy, when he managed to persuade Descamps, who was on his way to England, to settle in Rouen instead before appointing him as its principal.
Although they never went into print, there exists, among the manuscripts he bequeathed, along with his extensive library, to the Academy of Rouen, a collection entitled Poésies diverses et curieuses. A second part of this collection entitled Journal depuis juin 1743 jusqu’en 1775, can be found, with a portrait of its author, at the Public Library of Rouen.
When Cideville died at Paris, on 5 March 1776, his eulogy was delivered at the Academy of Rouen by Jean-Baptiste Haillet de Couronne.

 Bibliography 
Voltaire inédit (notes to Cideville, counterfeiting of its works à Rouen, correspondence of Cideville with Voltaire, of Mme Du Châtelet with Cideville), Éd. J. Noury, Paris, Impr. nationale, 1895.
À Monsieur de Voltaire, historiographe de France, Paris, Prault fils, 1745.

 Sources 
Théodore-Éloi Lebreton (1858). Biographie normande: recueil de notices biographiques et bibliographiques sur les personnages célèbres nés en Normandie et sur ceux qui se sont seulement distingués par leurs actions ou par leurs écrits (in French). Rouen: A. Le Brument. pp. 314–5. Retrieved 2013-11-11.

Anatomy of a Fall
Anatomy of a Fall (French: Anatomie d'une chute) is a 2023 French legal drama thriller film, directed by Justine Triet from a screenplay she co-wrote with Arthur Harari. It stars Sandra Hüller as a writer trying to prove her innocence in her husband's death.
Anatomy of a Fall premiered at the 76th Cannes Film Festival on 21 May 2023, where it won the Palme d'Or and the Palm Dog Award and competed for the Queer Palm. It was released theatrically in France by Le Pacte on 23 August 2023, receiving critical acclaim and selling over one million admissions in France, and was nominated in 11 categories at the 49th César Awards. The film also gained significant international success, winning two awards at the Golden Globes, and being nominated for seven awards at the BAFTAs and five at the Oscars.

 Plot 
In an isolated mountain chalet near Grenoble, Samuel Maleski is playing music in his attic so loudly that his wife, German novelist Sandra Voyter, asks to reschedule with the female student interviewing her. Their visually impaired son, Daniel, returns from a long walk with his guide dog Snoop to find Samuel dead below his attic window. 
Talking to an old friend, lawyer Vincent Renzi, Sandra says the fall must have been accidental. When Vincent says the court will not believe that, Sandra tells Vincent about Samuel's attempt to overdose on aspirin six months earlier, after having gone off antidepressants. Vincent notes a bruise on her arm, which she tells him resulted from bumping into a countertop.
Daniel tells the police that his parents were having a calm talk when he left the house but gives conflicting accounts of exactly where he was standing. This, combined with an autopsy revealing Samuel's head wound occurred before his body hit the ground, blood spatter, and an audio recording Samuel made of a fight he and Sandra had the day before he died, prompts an indictment.
During the trial, Sandra's defense team claims Samuel fell from the attic window and hit his head on a shed, while the prosecution's theory is that Sandra hit him with a blunt object and pushed him from the third-floor balcony. During a courtroom argument with Samuel's psychiatrist, Sandra admits her resentment towards Samuel due to his partial responsibility for the accident that led to Daniel's impaired vision.
In the recorded fight, Samuel accuses Sandra of plagiarism, infidelity, and exerting control over his life. The protracted argument turns physically violent, but it is unclear who is hitting whom. The prosecution claims that all the violence was coming from Sandra. She says that she had thrown a glass at a wall and slapped Samuel's face, that the bruises on her arms were due to Samuel grabbing her, and that the rest of the violence heard was Samuel beating on himself.
After Sandra admits to having had an affair with a woman the year before Samuel's death, the prosecution argues that Samuel's loud music indicated jealousy over Sandra's flirting with the interviewer, leading to a physical confrontation where the prosecution claims Sandra killed him. The prosecutor notes her pattern of writing  personal conflicts into her stories and how murdering Samuel could mirror a minor character's thoughts from her most recent novel.
Sandra protests that one audio recording does not remotely represent the nature of their marriage, nor do the words of a character in one of her novels reflect her own inclinations. Disturbed by what has transpired, Daniel insists on testifying before closing arguments the following Monday, and the judge lays strict ground rules to prevent anyone from influencing Daniel's testimony, including bringing in a court monitor, Marge, and demanding that all conversations must be held in French, in spite of Sandra's struggles with the language.
Daniel then asks that Sandra leave their house for the weekend so he can be alone with Marge and Snoop. After hearing Sandra's testimony about Samuel's aspirin overdose, Daniel has remembered that Snoop became sick at that time and now suspects that Snoop ate some of Samuel's vomit. He deliberately feeds Snoop aspirin and finds it has the same effect, which aligns with Sandra's testimony.
Daniel confides to Marge his anguish over trying to determine the truth, and she advises him that sometimes when we do not know what is really true, we can instead just decide what's true for us. On the witness stand, Daniel says that if his mother did this, he cannot understand it, but if his father did it, he can. He testifies that when he and Samuel were driving Snoop to the veterinarian, his father spoke to him about the need to be prepared that those he loves will die and to know that his life will go on, which Daniel now sees as Samuel's own suicidal thoughts.
Sandra is soon acquitted after Daniel's testimony. When she comes home, Daniel tells her he was afraid of her homecoming and she says that she was too; the two embrace. As Sandra heads to bed, she lingers at a photo of her and Samuel before falling asleep with Snoop.

 Cast 

Sandra Hüller as Sandra Voyter
Swann Arlaud as Vincent Renzi
Milo Machado Graner as Daniel Maleski
Antoine Reinartz as the prosecutor
Samuel Theis as Samuel Maleski
Jehnny Beth as Marge Berger
Saadia Bentaieb as Nour
Camille Rutherford as Zoé Solidor
Anne Rotger as the President
Sophie Fillières as Monica

 Production 

 Development 
On 10 July 2021 Variety reported that Les Films Pelléas and Les Films de Pierre would co-produce Justine Triet's fourth feature film, Anatomie d'une chute, co-written by Triet and Arthur Harari, and described as "a Hitchcockian procedural thriller".Triet wrote Anatomy of a Fall for Sandra Hüller, marking their second collaboration following the 2019 film Sibyl. When Hüller was cast in the role of a German writer who is accused of murdering her French husband in France, Triet told the actress that the language would be an important subject in the film. Hüller wanted to speak French in the film, but Triet rejected the idea. "The fact she is a German who speaks English and tries to speak French that creates lots of masks and clouds the issue, creating more confusion around who she is," Triet told Deadline. On set, Hüller repeatedly asked Triet whether her character was guilty or not, but the director refused to answer.Triet said that the genesis of Anatomy of a Fall stemmed from her longstanding desire to create another trial film since her 2016 production, In Bed with Victoria. In an interview with Paris Match, she explained, "I really wanted to address the legal question in all its details, to delve into issues of relationships and cohabitation. It was also a pretext to dissect every aspect of their lives." Triet further expressed her fascination with the Amanda Knox case, wherein a young American woman was accused of murdering her roommate, Meredith Kercher, in Italy in 2007.

 Filming 
Principal photography began at the end of February 2022 and wrapped up on 13 May 2022. Filming took place mostly in the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, such as in Maurienne and Villarembert in Savoie, and in Montbonnot-Saint-Martin and Grenoble in Isère. It was also shot in Charente-Maritime and in Paris.

 Release 
Anatomy of a Fall had its world premiere at the 76th Cannes Film Festival on 21 May 2023. Le Pacte released it theatrically in France on 23 August 2023. It was also screened at the 27th Lima Film Festival in the Acclaimed section on 13 August 2023. It was also invited at the 28th Busan International Film Festival in 'Icon' section and was screened on 8 October 2023.In May 2023, Neon acquired the North American distribution rights. Neon released the film in a limited theatrical release in the United States on 13 October 2023 before expanding to more theaters the following week. In September 2023, Lionsgate UK acquired the UK and Ireland distribution rights from Picturehouse Entertainment and set a release date for 10 November 2023.

 Reception 

 Critical response 
The film received critical acclaim. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 96% of 216 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 8.6/10. The website's consensus reads: "A smart, solidly crafted procedural that's anchored in family drama, Anatomy of a Fall finds star Sandra Hüller and director/co-writer Justine Triet operating at peak power." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 86 out of 100, based on 43 critics, indicating "universal acclaim". AlloCiné gave the film an average rating of 4.4/5, based on 40 French reviews.Triet and Hüller were praised by critics, and Le Figaro described the film as the "most ambitious and successful film" of Triet's career. Jon Frosch of The Hollywood Reporter wrote, "A director and actress in peak form. Sandra Hüller is brilliant, sensational. An exciting step forward for a filmmaker who seems primed for greater international recognition." Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian gave the film four out of five stars and wrote, "Sandra Hüller's calm directness as an actor is what gives the film its texture, substance and emotional force." Damon Wise of Deadline Hollywood wrote, "Sandra Hüller shines. A cerebral smash that might finally bring the [Cannes] Best Actress award that its star, Sandra Hüller, was cruelly denied in 2016. Hüller's screen magnetism cannot be denied."For David Sims of The Atlantic, the film "works largely because Hüller, a German actress probably best known for her role in Toni Erdmann, gives an extraordinary performance already being tipped for Oscar success." Steve Pond of TheWrap wrote that the film "is straightforward in its style but sophisticated in the way Triet doles out information. It's tense, unbearably so at times, but also subtle and satisfying." Alexandra Heller-Nicholas of Alliance of Women Film Journalists wrote, "Both in front and behind the camera, Anatomy of a Fall is a film made by two women in particular who are simply at the top of their game, and neither Hüller nor Triet show any signs of slowing down."Raphael Abraham of Financial Times gave the film four out of five stars and wrote, "Triet builds a taut did-she-do-it tension while also working in discomfiting questions about marital power dynamics and how much an artist's work really reveals about their character." Abraham also added that Hüller deserved a Cannes Best Actress prize for her performance. Candice Frederick of the HuffPost wrote, "Through vivid flashbacks and meticulous courtroom interrogation, Triet masterfully turns our attention from potential crime-solving to the inner workings of two imperfect people and one complicated marriage. It's absolutely riveting." Peter Debruge of Variety called the film "thought-provoking", "a kind of Gone Girl in reverse", and an "uncommonly mature film through all its layers, seeing rarely expressed truths about 21st-century relationships in its trajectory."Anatomy of a Fall was ranked third on Cahiers du Cinéma's top 10 films of 2023 list.

 Box office 
As of February 4, 2024, Anatomy of a Fall has grossed $4.4 million in the United States and Canada, and $20.8 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $25.2 million
In its opening weekend the film made $117,000 from five theaters. It made $152,000 in its second weekend from fourteen theaters. Expanding to 262 theaters the following weekend the film made $634,000, finishing in 11th.
The film was released to 379 theaters in France, where it debuted at number two at the box office grossing over $2 million and selling 262,698 tickets, behind Barbie (288,185 tickets) and ahead of Oppenheimer (231,550 tickets). Anatomy of a Fall had the best opening for a Palme d'Or winner since The Class (2008), which sold 358,000 tickets in France during its opening weekend in 2008. In its second weekend, the film remained in second place behind The Equalizer 3 and ahead of Barbie, accumulating 608,913 tickets sold. In its third weekend, the film reached the top spot at the French box office with 191,392 admissions from 738 theaters, accumulating 800,283 tickets sold, and grossing $5,7 million. In its fourth weekend, the film dropped to the fifth spot at the French box office and accumulated 921,308 admissions.On 23 September 2023, Anatomy of a Fall exceeded 1 million admissions in France one month after its theatrical release, becoming the seventh Palme d'Or winner – and the third French Palme d'Or winner – to cross the 1 million admissions mark in France since 2000.

 Accolades 
On 13 September 2023, Anatomy of a Fall was one of the five films pre-selected by France's Oscar committee to represent the country in the Best International Feature Film category at the 96th Academy Awards. On 21 September 2023, France chose to submit The Taste of Things instead, which sparked controversy, with French insiders claiming that director Justine Triet was being "punished" for criticizing French President Emmanuel Macron's repression of the pension reform protest movement during her acceptance speech at the 2023 Cannes Film Festival. The Taste of Things did not receive a nomination.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Anatomy of a Fall at IMDb 
Anatomy of a Fall at AlloCiné (in French) 
Anatomy of a Fall at Unifrance
Anatomy of a Fall at Cineuropa
Anatomy of a Fall at Cannes Film Festival
Official trailer on YouTube

Work (thermodynamics)
Thermodynamic work is one of the principal processes by which a thermodynamic system can interact with its surroundings and exchange energy. This exchange results in externally measurable macroscopic forces on the system's surroundings, which can cause mechanical work, to lift a weight, for example, or cause changes in electromagnetic, or gravitational variables. The surroundings also can perform work on a thermodynamic system, which is measured by an opposite sign convention.
For thermodynamic work, appropriately chosen externally measured quantities are exactly matched by values of or contributions to changes in macroscopic internal state variables of the system, which always occur in conjugate pairs, for example pressure and volume or magnetic flux density and magnetization.In the International System of Units (SI), work is measured in joules (symbol J). The rate at which work is performed is power, measured in joules per second, and denoted with the unit watt (W).

 History 

 1824 
Work, i.e. "weight lifted through a height", was originally defined in 1824 by Sadi Carnot in his famous paper Reflections on the Motive Power of Fire, where he used the term motive power for work. Specifically, according to Carnot:

We use here motive power to express the useful effect that a motor is capable of producing.  This effect can always be likened to the elevation of a weight to a certain height.  It has, as we know, as a measure, the product of the weight multiplied by the height to which it is raised.

 1845 
In 1845, the English physicist James Joule wrote a paper On the mechanical equivalent of heat for the British Association meeting in Cambridge. In this paper, he reported his best-known experiment, in which the mechanical power released through the action of a "weight falling through a height" was used to turn a paddle-wheel in an insulated barrel of water.
In this experiment, the motion of the paddle wheel, through agitation and friction, heated the body of water, so as to increase its temperature.  Both the temperature change 
  
    
      
        Δ
        T
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta T}
   of the water and the height of the fall 
  
    
      
        Δ
        h
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta h}
   of the weight 
  
    
      
        m
        g
      
    
    {\displaystyle mg}
   were recorded.  Using these values, Joule was able to determine the mechanical equivalent of heat. Joule estimated a mechanical equivalent of heat to be 819 ft•lbf/Btu (4.41 J/cal).  The modern day definitions of heat, work, temperature, and energy all have connection to this experiment. In this arrangement of apparatus, it never happens that the process runs in reverse, with the water driving the paddles so as to raise the weight, not even slightly. Mechanical work was done by the apparatus of falling weight, pulley, and paddles, which lay in the surroundings of the water. Their motion scarcely affected the volume of the water. A quantity of mechanical work, measured as force × distance in the surroundings, that does not change the volume of the water, is said to be isochoric. Such work reaches the system only as friction, through microscopic modes, and is irreversible. It does not count as thermodynamic work. The energy supplied by the fall of the weight passed into the water as heat.

 Overview 

 Conservation of energy 
A pre-supposed guiding principle of thermodynamics is the conservation of energy. The total energy of a system is the sum of its internal energy, of its potential energy as a whole system in an external force field, such as gravity, and of its kinetic energy as a whole system in motion. Thermodynamics has special concern with transfers of energy, from a body of matter, such as, for example a cylinder of steam, to the surroundings of the body, by mechanisms through which the body exerts macroscopic forces on its surroundings so as to lift a weight there; such mechanisms are the ones that are said to mediate thermodynamic work.
Besides transfer of energy as work, thermodynamics admits transfer of energy as heat. For a process in a closed (no transfer of matter) thermodynamic system, the first law of thermodynamics relates changes in the internal energy (or other cardinal energy function, depending on the conditions of the transfer) of the system to those two modes of energy transfer, as work, and as heat. Adiabatic work is done without matter transfer and without heat transfer. In principle, in thermodynamics, for a process in a closed system, the quantity of heat transferred is defined by the amount of adiabatic work that would be needed to effect the change in the system that is occasioned by the heat transfer. In experimental practice, heat transfer is often estimated calorimetrically, through change of temperature of a known quantity of calorimetric material substance.
Energy can also be transferred to or from a system through transfer of matter. The possibility of such transfer defines the system as an open system, as opposed to a closed system. By definition, such transfer is neither as work nor as heat.
Changes in the potential energy of a body as a whole with respect to forces in its surroundings, and in the kinetic energy of the body moving as a whole with respect to its surroundings, are by definition excluded from the body's cardinal energy (examples are internal energy and enthalpy).

 Nearly reversible transfer of energy by work in the surroundings 
In the surroundings of a thermodynamic system, external to it, all the various mechanical and non-mechanical macroscopic forms of work can be converted into each other with no limitation in principle due to the laws of thermodynamics, so that the energy conversion efficiency can approach 100% in some cases; such conversion is required to be frictionless, and consequently adiabatic. In particular, in principle, all macroscopic forms of work can be converted into the mechanical work of lifting a weight, which was the original form of thermodynamic work considered by Carnot and Joule (see History section above). Some authors have considered this equivalence to the lifting of a weight as a defining characteristic of work. For example, with the apparatus of Joule's experiment in which, through pulleys, a weight descending in the surroundings drives the stirring of a thermodynamic system, the descent of the weight can be diverted by a re-arrangement of pulleys, so that it lifts another weight in the surroundings, instead of stirring the thermodynamic system.
Such conversion may be idealized as nearly frictionless, though it occurs relatively quickly. It usually comes about through devices that are not simple thermodynamic systems (a simple thermodynamic system is a homogeneous body of material substances). For example, the descent of the weight in Joule's stirring experiment reduces the weight's total energy. It is described as loss of gravitational potential energy by the weight, due to change of its macroscopic position in the gravity field, in contrast to, for example, loss of the weight's internal energy due to changes in its entropy, volume, and chemical composition. Though it occurs relatively rapidly, because the energy remains nearly fully available as work in one way or another, such diversion of work in the surroundings may be idealized as nearly reversible, or nearly perfectly efficient.
In contrast, the conversion of heat into work in a heat engine can never exceed the Carnot efficiency, as a consequence of the second law of thermodynamics. Such energy conversion, through work done relatively rapidly, in a practical heat engine, by a thermodynamic system on its surroundings, cannot be idealized, not even nearly, as reversible.
Thermodynamic work done by a thermodynamic system on its surroundings is defined so as to comply with this principle. Historically, thermodynamics was about how a thermodynamic system could do work on its surroundings.

 Work done by and on a simple thermodynamic system 
Work done on, and work done by, a thermodynamic system need to be distinguished, through consideration of their precise mechanisms. Work done on a thermodynamic system, by devices or systems in the surroundings, is performed by actions such as compression, and includes shaft work, stirring, and rubbing. Such work done by compression is thermodynamic work as here defined. But shaft work, stirring, and rubbing are not thermodynamic work as here defined, in that they do not change the volume of the system against its resisting pressure. Work without change of volume is known as isochoric work, for example when an agency, in the surroundings of the system, drives a frictional action on the surface or in the interior of the system.
In a process of transfer of energy from or to a thermodynamic system, the change of internal energy of the system is defined in theory by the amount of adiabatic work that would have been necessary to reach the final from the initial state, such adiabatic work being measurable only through the externally measurable mechanical or deformation variables of the system, that provide full information about the forces exerted by the surroundings on the system during the process. In the case of some of Joule's measurements, the process was so arranged that some heating that occurred outside the system (in the substance of the paddles) by the frictional process also led to heat transfer from the paddles into the system during the process, so that the quantity of work done by the surrounds on the system could be calculated as shaft work, an external mechanical variable.The amount of energy transferred as work is measured through quantities defined externally to the system of interest, and thus belonging to its surroundings. In an important sign convention, preferred in chemistry, work that adds to the internal energy of the system is counted as positive. On the other hand, for historical reasons, an oft-encountered sign convention, preferred in physics, is to consider work done by the system on its surroundings as positive.

 Processes not described by macroscopic work 
Transfer of thermal energy through direct contact between a closed system and its surroundings, is by the microscopic thermal motions of particles and their associated inter-molecular potential energies. The microscopic description of such processes are the province of statistical mechanics, not of macroscopic thermodynamics. Another kind of energy transfer is by radiation, performing work on the system. Radiative transfer of energy is irreversible in the sense that it occurs only from a hotter to a colder system. There are several forms of dissipative transduction of energy that can occur internally within a system at a microscopic level, such as friction including bulk and shear viscosity chemical reaction, unconstrained expansion as in Joule expansion and in diffusion, and phase change.

 Open systems 
For an open system, the first law of thermodynamics admits three forms of energy transfer, as work, as heat, and as energy associated with matter that is transferred. The latter cannot be split uniquely into heat and work components.
One-way convection of internal energy is a form a transport of energy but is not, as sometimes mistakenly supposed (a relic of the caloric theory of heat), transfer of energy as heat, because one-way convection is transfer of matter; nor is it transfer of energy as work. Nevertheless, if the wall between the system and its surroundings is thick and contains fluid, in the presence of a gravitational field, convective circulation within the wall can be considered as indirectly mediating transfer of energy as heat between the system and its surroundings, though the source and destination of the transferred energy are not in direct contact.

 Fictively imagined reversible thermodynamic "processes" 
For purposes of theoretical calculations about a thermodynamic system, one can imagine fictive idealized thermodynamic "processes" that occur so slowly that they do not incur friction within or on the surface of system; they can then be regarded as virtually reversible. These fictive processes proceed along paths on geometrical surfaces that are described exactly by a characteristic equation of the thermodynamic system. Those geometrical surfaces are the loci of possible states of thermodynamic equilibrium for the system. Really possible thermodynamic processes, occurring at practical rates, even when they occur only by work assessed in the surroundings as adiabatic, without heat transfer, always incur friction within the system, and so are always irreversible. The paths of such really possible processes always depart from those geometrical characteristic surfaces. Even when they occur only by work assessed in the surroundings as adiabatic, without heat transfer, such departures always entail entropy production.

 Joule heating and rubbing 
The definition of thermodynamic work is in terms of the changes of the system's extensive deformation (and chemical constitutive and certain other) state variables, such as volume, molar chemical constitution, or electric polarisation. Examples of state variables that are not extensive deformation or other such variables are temperature T and entropy S, as for example in the expression U = U(S, V, {Nj}). Changes of such variables are not actually physically measureable by use of a single simple adiabatic thermodynamic process; they are processes that occur neither by thermodynamic work nor by transfer of matter, and therefore are said occur by heat transfer. The quantity of thermodynamic work is defined as work done by the system on its surroundings. According to the second law of thermodynamics, such work is irreversible. To get an actual and precise physical measurement of a quantity of thermodynamic work, it is necessary to take account of the irreversibility by restoring the system to its initial condition by running a cycle, for example a Carnot cycle, that includes the target work as a step. The work done by the system on its surroundings is calculated from the quantities that constitute the whole cycle. A different cycle would be needed to actually measure the work done by the surroundings on the system. This is a reminder that rubbing the surface of a system appears to the rubbing agent in the surroundings as mechanical, though not thermodynamic, work done on the system, not as heat, but appears to the system as heat transferred to the system, not as thermodynamic work. The production of heat by rubbing is irreversible; historically, it was a piece of evidence for the rejection of the caloric theory of heat as a conserved substance. The irreversible process known as Joule heating also occurs through a change of a non-deformation extensive state variable.
Accordingly, in the opinion of Lavenda, work is not as primitive concept as is heat, which can be measured by calorimetry. This opinion does not negate the now customary thermodynamic definition of heat in terms of adiabatic work.
Known as a thermodynamic operation, the initiating factor of a thermodynamic process is, in many cases, a change in the permeability of a wall between the system and the surroundings. Rubbing is not a change in wall permeability. Kelvin's statement of the second law of thermodynamics uses the notion of an "inanimate material agency"; this notion is sometimes regarded as puzzling. The triggering of a process of rubbing can occur only in the surroundings, not in a thermodynamic system in its own state of internal thermodynamic equilibrium. Such triggering may be described as a thermodynamic operation.

 Formal definition 
In thermodynamics, the quantity of work done by a closed system on its surroundings is defined by factors strictly confined to the interface of the surroundings with the system and to the surroundings of the system, for example, an extended gravitational field in which the system sits, that is to say, to things external to the system.
A main concern of thermodynamics is the properties of materials. Thermodynamic work is defined for the purposes of thermodynamic calculations about bodies of material, known as thermodynamic systems. Consequently, thermodynamic work is defined in terms of quantities that describe the states of materials, which appear as the usual thermodynamic state variables, such as volume, pressure, temperature, chemical composition, and electric polarization. For example, to measure the pressure inside a system from outside it, the observer needs the system to have a wall that can move by a measurable amount in response to pressure differences between the interior of the system and the surroundings. In this sense, part of the definition of a thermodynamic system is the nature of the walls that confine it.
Several kinds of thermodynamic work are especially important. One simple example is pressure–volume work. The pressure of concern is that exerted by the surroundings on the surface of the system, and the volume of interest is the negative of the increment of volume gained by the system from the surroundings. It is usually arranged that the pressure exerted by the surroundings on the surface of the system is well defined and equal to the pressure exerted by the system on the surroundings. This arrangement for transfer of energy as work can be varied in a particular way that depends on the strictly mechanical nature of pressure–volume work. The variation consists in letting the coupling between the system and surroundings be through a rigid rod that links pistons of different areas for the system and surroundings. Then for a given amount of work transferred, the exchange of volumes involves different pressures, inversely with the piston areas, for mechanical equilibrium. This cannot be done for the transfer of energy as heat because of its non-mechanical nature.Another important kind of work is isochoric work, i.e., work that involves no eventual overall change of volume of the system between the initial and the final states of the process. Examples are friction on the surface of the system as in Rumford's experiment; shaft work such as in Joule's experiments; stirring of the system by a magnetic paddle inside it, driven by a moving magnetic field from the surroundings; and vibrational action on the system that leaves its eventual volume unchanged, but involves friction within the system. Isochoric mechanical work for a body in its own state of internal thermodynamic equilibrium is done only by the surroundings on the body, not by the body on the surroundings, so that the sign of isochoric mechanical work with the physics sign convention is always negative.
When work, for example pressure–volume work, is done on its surroundings by a closed system that cannot pass heat in or out because it is confined by an adiabatic wall, the work is said to be adiabatic for the system as well as for the surroundings. When mechanical work is done on such an adiabatically enclosed system by the surroundings, it can happen that friction in the surroundings is negligible, for example in the Joule experiment with the falling weight driving paddles that stir the system. Such work is adiabatic for the surroundings, even though it is associated with friction within the system. Such work may or may not be isochoric for the system, depending on the system and its confining walls. If it happens to be isochoric for the system (and does not eventually change other system state variables such as magnetization), it appears as a heat transfer to the system, and does not appear to be adiabatic for the system.

 Sign convention 
In the early history of thermodynamics, a positive amount of work done by the system on the surroundings leads to energy being lost from the system. This historical sign convention has been used in many physics textbooks and is used in the present article.According to the first law of thermodynamics for a closed system, any net change in the internal energy U must be fully accounted for, in terms of heat Q entering the system and work W done by the system:

  
    
      
        Δ
        U
        =
        Q
        −
        W
        .
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta U=Q-W.\;}
   An alternate sign convention is to consider the work performed on the system by its surroundings as positive. This leads to a change in sign of the work, so that 
  
    
      
        Δ
        U
        =
        Q
        +
        W
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta U=Q+W}
  . This convention has historically been used in chemistry, and has been adopted by most physics textbooks.This equation reflects the fact that the heat transferred and the work done are not properties of the state of the system.  Given only the initial state and the final state of the system, one can only say what the total change in internal energy was, not how much of the energy went out as heat, and how much as work.  This can be summarized by saying that heat and work are not state functions of the system.  This is in contrast to classical mechanics, where net work exerted by a particle is a state function.

 Pressure–volume work 
Pressure–volume work (or PV or P-V work) occurs when the volume V of a system changes. PV work is often measured in units of litre-atmospheres where 1L·atm = 101.325J. However, the litre-atmosphere is not a recognized unit in the SI system of units, which measures P in pascals (Pa), V in m3, and PV in joules (J), where 1 J = 1 Pa·m3. PV work is an important topic in chemical thermodynamics.
For a process in a closed system, occurring slowly enough for accurate definition of the pressure on the inside of the system's wall that moves and transmits force to the surroundings, described as quasi-static, work is represented by the following equation between differentials:

where

  
    
      
        δ
        W
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta W}
   (inexact differential) denotes an infinitesimal increment of work done by the system, transferring energy to the surroundings;

  
    
      
        P
      
    
    {\displaystyle P}
   denotes the pressure inside the system, that it exerts on the moving wall that transmits force to the surroundings. In the alternative sign convention the right hand side has a negative sign.

  
    
      
        d
        V
      
    
    {\displaystyle dV}
   (exact differential) denotes an infinitesimal increment of the volume of the system.Moreover,

where 
  
    
      
        W
      
    
    {\displaystyle W}
   denotes the work done by the system during the whole of the reversible process.
The first law of thermodynamics can then be expressed as
(In the alternative sign convention where W = work done on the system, 
  
    
      
        δ
        W
        =
        −
        P
        
        d
        V
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta W=-P\,dV}
  . However, 
  
    
      
        d
        U
        =
        δ
        Q
        −
        P
        
        d
        V
      
    
    {\displaystyle dU=\delta Q-P\,dV}
   is unchanged.)

 Path dependence 
PV work is path-dependent and is, therefore, a thermodynamic process function. In general, the term 
  
    
      
        P
        
        d
        V
      
    
    {\displaystyle P\,dV}
   is not an exact differential. The statement that a process is quasi-static gives important information about the process but does not determine the P–V path uniquely, because the path can include several slow goings backwards and forward in volume, slowly enough to exclude friction within the system occasioned by departure from the quasi-static requirement. An adiabatic wall is one that does not permit passage of energy by conduction or radiation.
The first law of thermodynamics states that 
  
    
      
        Δ
        U
        =
        Q
        −
        W
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta U=Q-W}
  .
For a quasi-static adiabatic process, 
  
    
      
        δ
        Q
        =
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta Q=0}
   so that

Also 
  
    
      
        δ
        W
        =
        P
        d
        V
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta W=PdV}
   so that

It follows that 
  
    
      
        d
        U
        =
        −
        δ
        W
      
    
    {\displaystyle dU=-\delta W}
   so that

Internal energy is a state function so its change depends only on the initial and final states of a process. For a quasi-static adiabatic process, the change in internal energy is equal to minus the integral amount of work done by the system, so the work also depends only on the initial and final states of the process and is one and the same for every intermediate path. As a result, the work done by the system also depends on the initial and final states.
If the process path is other than quasi-static and adiabatic, there are indefinitely many different paths, with significantly different work amounts, between the initial and final states. (Again the internal energy change depends only on the initial and final states as it is a state function).
In the current mathematical notation, the differential 
  
    
      
        δ
        W
      
    
    {\displaystyle \delta W}
   is an inexact differential.In another notation, δW is written đW (with a horizontal line through the d). This notation indicates that đW is not an exact one-form. The line-through is merely a flag to warn us there is actually no function (0-form) W which is the potential of đW. If there were, indeed, this function W, we should be able to just use Stokes Theorem to evaluate this putative function, the potential of đW, at the boundary of the path, that is, the initial and final points, and therefore the work would be a state function. This impossibility is consistent with the fact that it does not make sense to refer to the work on a point in the PV diagram; work presupposes a path.

 Other mechanical types of work 
There are several ways of doing mechanical work, each in some way related to a force acting through a distance. In basic mechanics, the work done by a constant force F on a body displaced a distance s in the direction of the force is given by 

  
    
      
        W
        =
        F
        s
      
    
    {\displaystyle W=Fs}
  If the force is not constant, the work done is obtained by integrating the differential amount of work,

  
    
      
        W
        =
        
          ∫
          
            1
          
          
            2
          
        
        F
        
        d
        s
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle W=\int _{1}^{2}F\,ds.}
  

 Rotational work 
Energy transmission with a rotating shaft is very common in engineering practice. Often the torque T applied to the shaft is constant which means that the force F applied is constant. For a specified constant torque, the work done during n revolutions is determined as follows: A force F acting through a moment arm r generates a torque T

  
    
      
        T
        =
        F
        r
        
        ⟹
        
        F
        =
        
          
            T
            r
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle T=Fr\implies F={\frac {T}{r}}}
  This force acts through a distance s, which is related to the radius r by

  
    
      
        s
        =
        2
        r
        π
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle s=2r\pi n}
  The shaft work is then determined from:

  
    
      
        
          W
          
            s
          
        
        =
        F
        s
        =
        2
        π
        n
        T
      
    
    {\displaystyle W_{s}=Fs=2\pi nT}
  The power transmitted through the shaft is the shaft work done per unit time, which is expressed as 

  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                W
                ˙
              
            
          
          
            s
          
        
        =
        2
        π
        T
        
          
            
              n
              ˙
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\dot {W}}_{s}=2\pi T{\dot {n}}}
  

 Spring work 
When a force is applied on a spring, and the length of the spring changes by a differential amount dx, the work done is

  
    
      
        ∂
        
          w
          
            s
          
        
        =
        F
        d
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle \partial w_{s}=Fdx}
  For linear elastic springs, the displacement x is proportional to the force applied

  
    
      
        F
        =
        K
        x
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle F=Kx,}
  where K is the spring constant and has the unit of N/m. The displacement x is measured from the undisturbed position of the spring (that is, X = 0 when F = 0). Substituting the two equations 

  
    
      
        
          W
          
            s
          
        
        =
        
          
            1
            2
          
        
        k
        
          (
          
            
              x
              
                1
              
              
                2
              
            
            −
            
              x
              
                2
              
              
                2
              
            
          
          )
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle W_{s}={\frac {1}{2}}k\left(x_{1}^{2}-x_{2}^{2}\right)}
  ,where x1 and x2 are the initial and the final displacement of the spring respectively, measured from the undisturbed position of the spring.

 Work done on elastic solid bars 
Solids are often modeled as linear springs because under the action of a force they contract or elongate, and when the force is lifted, they return to their original lengths, like a spring. This is true as long as the force is in the elastic range, that is, not large enough to cause permanent or plastic deformation. Therefore, the equations given for a linear spring can also be used for elastic solid bars. Alternately, we can determine the work associated with the expansion or contraction of an elastic solid bar by replacing the pressure P by its counterpart in solids, normal stress σ = F/A in the work expansion 

  
    
      
        W
        =
        
          ∫
          
            1
          
          
            2
          
        
        F
        
        d
        x
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle W=\int _{1}^{2}F\,dx.}
  

  
    
      
        W
        =
        
          ∫
          
            1
          
          
            2
          
        
        A
        σ
        
        d
        x
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle W=\int _{1}^{2}A\sigma \,dx.}
  where A is the cross sectional area of the bar.

 Work associated with the stretching of liquid film 
Consider a liquid film such as a soap film suspended on a wire frame. Some force is required to stretch this film by the movable portion of the wire frame. This force is used to overcome the microscopic forces between molecules at the liquid-air interface. These microscopic forces are perpendicular to any line in the surface and the force generated by these forces per unit length is called the surface tension σ whose unit is N/m. Therefore, the work associated with the stretching of a film is called surface tension work, and is determined from

  
    
      
        
          W
          
            s
          
        
        =
        
          ∫
          
            1
          
          
            2
          
        
        
          σ
          
            s
          
        
        
        d
        A
        .
      
    
    {\displaystyle W_{s}=\int _{1}^{2}\sigma _{s}\,dA.}
  where dA=2b dx is the change in the surface area of the film. The factor 2 is due to the fact that the film has two surfaces in contact with air. The force acting on the moveable wire as a result of surface tension effects is F = 2b σ, where σ is the surface tension force per unit length.

 Free energy and exergy 
The amount of useful work which may be extracted from a thermodynamic system is determined by the second law of thermodynamics.  Under many practical situations this can be represented by the thermodynamic availability, or Exergy, function.  Two important cases are: in thermodynamic systems where the temperature and volume are held constant, the measure of useful work attainable is the Helmholtz free energy function; and in systems where the temperature and pressure are held constant, the measure of useful work attainable is the Gibbs free energy.

 Non-mechanical forms of work 
Non-mechanical work in thermodynamics is work caused by external force fields that a system is exposed to. The action of such forces can be initiated by events in the surroundings of the system, or by thermodynamic operations on the shielding walls of the system.
The non-mechanical work of force fields can have either positive or negative sign, work being done by the system on the surroundings, or vice versa. Work done by force fields can be done indefinitely slowly, so as to approach the fictive reversible quasi-static ideal, in which entropy is not created in the system by the process.
In thermodynamics, non-mechanical work is to be contrasted with mechanical work that is done by forces in immediate contact between the system and its surroundings. If the putative 'work' of a process cannot be defined as either long-range work or else as contact work, then sometimes it cannot be described by the thermodynamic formalism as work at all. Nevertheless, the thermodynamic formalism allows that energy can be transferred between an open system and its surroundings by processes for which work is not defined. An example is when the wall between the system and its surrounds is not considered as idealized and vanishingly thin, so that processes can occur within the wall, such as friction affecting the transfer of matter across the wall; in this case, the forces of transfer are neither strictly long-range nor strictly due to contact between the system and its surroundings; the transfer of energy can then be considered as convection, and assessed in sum just as transfer of internal energy. This is conceptually different from transfer of energy as heat through a thick fluid-filled wall in the presence of a gravitational field, between a closed system and its surroundings; in this case there may convective circulation within the wall but the process may still be considered as transfer of energy as heat between the system and its surroundings; if the whole wall is moved by the application of force from the surroundings, without change of volume of the wall, so as to change the volume of the system, then it is also at the same time transferring energy as work. A chemical reaction within a system can lead to electrical long-range forces and to electric current flow, which transfer energy as work between system and surroundings, though the system's chemical reactions themselves (except for the special limiting case in which in they are driven through devices in the surroundings so as to occur along a line of thermodynamic equilibrium) are always irreversible and do not directly interact with the surroundings of the system.Non-mechanical work contrasts with pressure–volume work. Pressure–volume work is one of the two mainly considered kinds of mechanical contact work. A force acts on the interfacing wall between system and surroundings. The force is due to the pressure exerted on the interfacing wall by the material inside the system; that pressure is an internal state variable of the system, but is properly measured by external devices at the wall. The work is due to change of system volume by expansion or contraction of the system. If the system expands, in the present article it is said to do positive work on the surroundings. If the system contracts, in the present article it is said to do negative work on the surroundings. Pressure–volume work is a kind of contact work, because it occurs through direct material contact with the surrounding wall or matter at the boundary of the system. It is accurately described by changes in state variables of the system, such as the time courses of changes in the pressure and volume of the system. The volume of the system is classified as a "deformation variable", and is properly measured externally to the system, in the surroundings. Pressure–volume work can have either positive or negative sign. Pressure–volume work, performed slowly enough, can be made to approach the fictive reversible quasi-static ideal.
Non-mechanical work also contrasts with shaft work. Shaft work is the other of the two mainly considered kinds of mechanical contact work. It transfers energy by rotation, but it does not eventually change the shape or volume of the system. Because it does not change the volume of the system it is not measured as pressure–volume work, and it is called isochoric work. Considered solely in terms of the eventual difference between initial and final shapes and volumes of the system, shaft work does not make a change. During the process of shaft work, for example the rotation of a paddle, the shape of the system changes cyclically, but this does not make an eventual change in the shape or volume of the system. Shaft work is a kind of contact work, because it occurs through direct material contact with the surrounding matter at the boundary of the system. A system that is initially in a state of thermodynamic equilibrium cannot initiate any change in its internal energy. In particular, it cannot initiate shaft work.  This explains the curious use of the phrase "inanimate material agency" by Kelvin in one of his statements of the second law of thermodynamics. Thermodynamic operations or changes in the surroundings are considered to be able to create elaborate changes such as indefinitely prolonged, varied, or ceased rotation of a driving shaft, while a system that starts in a state of thermodynamic equilibrium is inanimate and cannot spontaneously do that. Thus the sign of shaft work is always negative, work being done on the system by the surroundings. Shaft work can hardly be done indefinitely slowly; consequently it always produces entropy within the system, because it relies on friction or viscosity within the system for its transfer. The foregoing comments about shaft work apply only when one ignores that the system can store angular momentum and its related energy.
Examples of non-mechanical work modes include

Electric field work – where the force is defined by the surroundings' voltage (the electrical potential) and the generalized displacement is change of spatial distribution of electrical charge
Electrical polarization work – where the force is defined by the surroundings' electric field strength and the generalized displacement is change of the polarization of the medium (the sum of the electric dipole moments of the molecules)
Magnetic work – where the force is defined by the surroundings' magnetic field strength and the generalized displacement is change of total magnetic dipole moment

 Gravitational work 
Gravitational work is defined by the force on a body measured in a gravitational field. It may cause a generalized displacement in the form of change of the spatial distribution of the matter within the system. The system gains internal energy (or other relevant cardinal quantity of energy, such as enthalpy) through internal friction. As seen by the surroundings, such frictional work appears as mechanical work done on the system, but as seen by the system, it appears as transfer of energy as heat. When the system is in its own state of internal thermodynamic equilibrium, its temperature is uniform throughout. If the volume and other extensive state variables, apart from entropy, are held constant over the process, then the transferred heat must appear as increased temperature and entropy; in a uniform gravitational field, the pressure of the system will be greater at the bottom than at the top.
By definition, the relevant cardinal energy function is distinct from the gravitational potential energy of the system as a whole; the latter may also change as a result of gravitational work done by the surroundings on the system. The gravitational potential energy of the system is a component of its total energy, alongside its other components, namely its cardinal thermodynamic (e.g. internal) energy and its kinetic energy as a whole system in motion.

 See also 
Electrochemical hydrogen compressor
Chemical reactions
Microstate (statistical mechanics) - includes Microscopic definition of work

 References 

Toluca Centro railway station
The Toluca Centro railway station,  otherwise known as Pino Suárez station or Terminal de Autobuses station, is a commuter railway station serving the El Insurgente commuter rail system which will connect Greater Toluca, State of Mexico, with Mexico City. The station is the closest to downtown Toluca and is located along Boulevard Solidaridad Las Torres and the nearby Boulevard José María Pino Suárez. The station is also the closest to the city's bus terminal.
Toluca Centro railway station opened on 15 September 2023, with eastward service towards Lerma railway station and westward service towards Zinacantepec railway station. It is an elevated station with one island platform; the facilities are accessible to people with disabilities.

 Location and layout 
Toluca Centro railway station is a commuter railway station located along Boulevard Solidaridad Las Torres, in the instersection with Boulevard José María Pino Suárez, in Toluca de Lerdo, the capital of the State of Mexico.The area is serviced by multiple intercity bus and shared taxis routes, including some which go to the municipalities of Metepec, Tenancingo, Tenango del Valle, Rayón, San Antonio la Isla, and San Mateo Mexicaltzingo. The station area frequently experiences traffic congestion. When the station opened, it became a hotspot for street vendors. On 29 September 2023, multiple vendors engaged on a fight; one resulted injured. After the incident, local authorities increased surveillance in the system.The station was built above ground level. It has a disabled-accessible service with elevators, escalators, tactile pavings, access rams, braille signage plates, as well as visual signage and auditive announcements.The station's projected names were "Pino Suárez" (after the nearby avenue) and "Terminal de Autobuses", as it is the closest to the city's intercity bus terminal.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Estación Terminal de Autobuses at TEN Arquitectos micro website.

Reinbek
Reinbek (German: [ˈʁaɪnbeːk] ; probably from "Rainbek" = brook at the field margin; Northern Low Saxon: Reinbeek) is a town located in Stormarn district in the northern German state of Schleswig-Holstein within the metropolitan region of Hamburg.  It can be accessed by the A1, the A24 autobahn, federal highway 5 and the S-Bahn line S2.Reinbek was first mentioned in 1226, the city rights were given in 1952.
The town is located at the river Bille which was dammed up here to form a mill pond.

 Religion 
Religious affiliation:

44% Protestant
9%  Catholic
22% other religious groups
26% without religious affiliation

 Important church communities 
Church of Mary Magdalene (Lutheran)
Nathan-Söderblom church (Lutheran)
Ansgar community, St. Ansgar's Chapel and St. Michael's Chapel (Lutheran)
Sacred Heart of Jesus (Roman Catholic)
Evangelical Free Church (Baptist)

 Sights 
16th-century castle in Dutch Renaissance style.

 Transport 
Reinbek station is serviced by the rapid transit system of the Hamburg S-Bahn. Public transport is also provided by buses.

 Twin towns – sister cities 

Reinbek is twinned with:
 Koło, Poland (1999)Since 1974, Reinbek also cooperates with Padasjoki in Finland, and has friendly relations with its former twin town of Täby in Sweden.

 Notable people 
Minna Specht (1879–1961), teacher and socialist
Angela Sommer-Bodenburg (born 1948), children's book author and painter
Sabine Sütterlin-Waack (born 1958), politician
Jan van Aken (born 1961), politician (The Left)
Max Kruse (born 1988), association football player
Maximilian Buhk (born 1992), racing driver

 References 

 External links 

Official website

UNTV Cup Season 8
The UNTV Cup Season 8 was the 2019–2020 season of the annual charity basketball league in the Philippines, UNTV Cup. The tournament is organized by UNTV under the UNTV-37 Foundation, Inc., thru its chairman and chief executive officer of BMPI-UNTV, "Mr. Public Service" Kuya Daniel Razon.The season officially opened on September 9, 2019 at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay. Regular games are held at the Pasig City Sports Center in Pasig and San Juan Gym in San Juan City with a live telecast on the UNTV Public Service channel every Sunday afternoon. Twelve teams are competing for the championship title this season.The best-of-three finals series was held on March 1 and 9, 2020, at the Paco Arena in Manila City and Smart Araneta Coliseum in Cubao, Quezon City, respectively. The championship is between the three-time defending champion AFP Cavaliers and rookie team DENR Warriors. DENR swept the series against AFP in two games, 2–0, to get their first title in their first season, and become the only rookie team to do so.
A total of 10 million pesos tax-free was given to the teams' chosen beneficiaries, with the champion team DENR Warriors taking home a trophy, and 4 million pesos given to their chosen charity institution.
During the season, the league got its fourth AnakTV award for being a child-friendly basketball tournament.

 Teams 
Twelve squads are vying for the championship title of the season. There are 2 new teams and 10 returning teams, including 3 former tournament winners, led by the Season 7 defending champions AFP Cavaliers.

 New Teams 
Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) Warriors
Social Security System (SSS) Kabalikat

 Defunct Teams 
Department of Justice (DOJ) Justice Boosters – played 7 seasons from Season 1 to Season 7
Senate of the Philippines (Senate) Defenders – played 6 seasons from Season 2 to Season 7

 Group A 

 Group B 

 Venues 

The opening day was held at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay City, while the Game 2 of the Finals was at the Smart Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City. The rest of the elimination round games were held at the Pasig City Sports Center, San Juan Gym, and Paco Arena which also hosted the other playoff games.

 Elimination round 
The elimination round began on September 9, 2019 at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay. As part of tradition, the defending champion is to face another team on opening day based on drawing lots. The draw was performed by UNTV Cup innovator Daniel Razon and commissioner Atoy Co. In the first game of the season, the defending champion AFP Cavaliers got a big win against the PITC Global Traders, 90–70.

 First round 

 Group A 

 Group B 

 Second round 

 Playoffs 

 Quarterfinals 

 Agriculture vs. PITC 

 Judiciary vs. NHA 

 Agriculture vs. Judiciary 

 PITC vs. NHA 

 NHA vs. Agriculture 

 PITC vs. Judiciary 

 Semifinals 

 (1) AFP Cavaliers vs. (4) Judiciary Magis 

 (2) DENR Warriors vs. (3) NHA Builders 

 Tatluhan 3x3 Tournament 
Tatluhan is UNTV Cup's second annual 3x3 basketball tournament that started on March 1, 2020, and concluded on March 9, 2020. It served as opener and intermission for Finals games. The eight participating teams include all agencies eliminated before the semifinals. Each game is maximum 8 minutes and has 12-second shot clock.
PITC became two-time 3x3 champions by defeating PhilHealth, 14-13. The Global Traders got ₱100,000 for Blas F. Ople Policy Center and Training Institute, while PhilHealth got ₱50,000 their chosen beneficiary.

 Teams 
Agriculture Food Masters
GSIS Furies
Malacañang-PSC Kamao
Ombudsman Graft Busters
PhilHealth Plus
PITC Global Traders (defending champions)
PNP Responders
SSS Kabalikat

 Bracket 

 Results 

 Battle for Third Place: (3) NHA Builders vs. (4) Judiciary Magis 
The battle for third place was between four-time semifinalist NHA Builders and two-time champion Judiciary Magis, after they lost their semifinals series on separate opponents. NHA won the game, 74–67, and got ₱1,000,000 for their chosen beneficiary as third placer. Despite the loss, Judiciary received ₱500,000 for charity as fourth placer.

 UNTV Cup Finals: (1) AFP Cavaliers vs. (2) DENR Warriors 
The best-of-three finals series were held on March 1 and 9, 2020, at the Paco Arena in Manila City and Smart Araneta Coliseum in Cubao, Quezon City, respectively. The championship is between the defending three-time champion and #1 team AFP Cavaliers and rookie team DENR Warriors. AFP and DENR won their semis matchup versus Judiciary and NHA, respectively, both series in two games.

 Winners and Beneficiaries 
A total of 10 million pesos tax-free will be given to the teams' chosen beneficiaries, with the champion team taking home a trophy, and 4 million pesos given to their chosen charity institution. The runner-up team will receive 2 million pesos for their beneficiary. One million pesos will be given to the third place team for their chosen beneficiary, while five hundred thousand pesos will be given to the fourth-place finishers' chosen charity. The other participating teams will get 100 thousand pesos for their beneficiary.

 Individual awards 

 Season awards 
The season's individual awards were given before the start of the Game 2 of the Finals, on March 9, 2020 at the Smart Araneta Coliseum.

Scoring Champion: Jonathan Aldave (PhilHealth Plus)
Step Up Player of the Year (Most Improved Player): Darwin Cordero (AFP Cavaliers)
Defensive Player of the Year: Marvin Mercado (NHA Builders)
First Five:
PG: Darwin Cordero (AFP Cavaliers)
SG: Melvin Bangal (DENR Warriors)
SF: Chester Tolomia (Judiciary Magis)
PF: Jonathan Aldave (PhilHealth Plus)
C: Marvin Mercado (NHA Builders)
Most Valuable Player:
Season MVP: Marvin Mercado (NHA Builders)
Finals MVP: Ed Rivera (DENR Warriors)

 Players of the Week 
The following players were named the Players of the Week.

 Overall standings 

 UNTV Cup Segments 

 Heart of a Champion 
The Heart of a Champion segment features UNTV Cup players and their lives off the court as public servants.

 Top Plays 
The following segment features the top plays of the week and elimination round.

 Featured Segments 
UNTV Cup players, agencies, and beneficiaries share their thoughts in interviews.

 See also 
UNTV Cup
UNTV Public Service

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
UNTV website
UNTV Cup website

All Asia Tag Team Championship
The (All) Asia Tag Team Championship ((オール・)アジア・タッグ王座, (ōru) ajia taggu ōza) is a professional wrestling tag team title in Japanese promotion All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW). Originally it was the top tag team title in the JWA, but its status became secondary once the NWA International Tag Team Championship was brought from the United States. It is currently one of two tag team titles in AJPW, along with the World Tag Team Championship. It is also the current oldest active title in Japan.The current champions are Atsushi Onita and Toy Kojima.

 History 
The title was created on November 16, 1955, in the Japan Wrestling Association (JWA) when King Kong Czaya and Tiger Joginder Singh defeated JWA founder Rikidōzan and Harold Sakata in a tournament final. It was abandoned in 1973 when the JWA closed, but was later revived in 1976 by AJPW in response to New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) announcing the creation of its own version of the title.

 Reigns 
There have been a total of 122 official reigns and 34 vacancies, with the first 27 reigns from the JWA also being recognized by AJPW. There have been a total of 91 teams consisting of 107 distinctive champions who have won the championship. The current champions are Atsushi Onita and Toy Kojima who are in their first reign as a team while Onita is in his third reign as an individual.

 Combined reigns 
As of February 6, 2024.

 By team 

 By wrestler 
Combined defense statistics might be inaccurate in the case of the 1960s and 1970s when the titles were rarely defended or the documentation about title matches were uncertain.

 Notes 

 See also 
Japan Pro Wrestling Alliance
Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship
World Tag Team Championship
World Junior Heavyweight Championship

 References 

 External links 
Title history at All-Japan.co.jp
Title history at Wrestling-Titles.com

Mohican language
Mohican (also known as Mahican, not to be confused with Mohegan, Mahican: Mã’eekaneeweexthowãakan) is a language of the Eastern Algonquian subgroup of the Algonquian language family, itself a member of the Algic language family. It was spoken in the territory of present-day eastern New York state and Vermont by the Mohican people but is believed to have been extinct since the 1930s. However, since the late 2010s, the language is being revived, with adults learning the language, and children being raised having Mohican as their first language.

 History 
Aboriginally, speakers of Mohican lived along the upper Hudson River in New York State, extending as far north as Lake Champlain, east to the Green Mountains in Vermont, and west near Schoharie Creek in New York State. Conflict with the Mohawk of the Iroquois Confederacy in competition for the fur trade, and European encroachment, triggered displacement of the Mohicans, some moving to west-central New York, where they shared land with the Oneida. After a series of dislocations, some Mohicans were forced to relocate to Wisconsin in the 1820s and 1830s, while others moved to several communities in Canada, where they lost their Mohican identity.
The Mohican language became extinct in the early twentieth century, with the last recorded documentation of Mahican made in the 1930s.

 Dialects 
Two distinct Mohican dialects have been identified, Moravian and Stockbridge. These two dialects emerged after 1740 as aggregations arising from the dislocation of Mohican and other groups.  The extent of Mohican dialect variation prior to this period is uncertain.
The Stockbridge dialect emerged at Stockbridge, Massachusetts, and included groups of New York Mohican, and members of other linguistic groups such as Wappinger (a once-large Munsee-speaking tribe south of the Mohican), Housatonic, Wawyachtonoc, and others. After a complex migration history, the Stockbridge group moved to Wisconsin, where they combined with Munsee Lenape migrants from southwestern Ontario. They are now known as the Stockbridge-Munsee tribe.The Moravian dialect arose from population aggregations centred at Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Some Mohican groups that had been affiliated from about 1740 with the Moravian Church, in New York and Connecticut, moved in 1746 to Bethlehem. Another group affiliated with the Moravians moved to Wyoming, Pennsylvania. Subsequent to several members being massacred by white settlers, some members of these groups fled to Canada with Munsee Moravian converts, ultimately settling at what is now Moraviantown, where they have completely merged with the dominant Lenape population. Another group moved to Ohsweken at Six Nations, Ontario, where they merged with other groups at that location.

 Phonology and documentation 
Mohican linguistic materials consist of a variety of materials collected by missionaries, linguists, and others, including an eighteenth-century manuscript dictionary compiled by Johann Schmick, a Moravian missionary. In the twentieth century, linguists Truman Michelson and Morris Swadesh collected some Mohican materials from surviving speakers in Wisconsin.Mohican historical phonology has been studied based upon the Schmick dictionary manuscript, tracing the historical changes affecting the pronunciation of words between Proto-Algonquian and the Moravian dialect of Mohican, as reflected in Schmick’s dictionary. The similarities between Mohican and the Delaware languages Munsee and Unami have been acknowledged in studies of Mohican linguistic history. In one classification Mohican and the Delaware languages are assigned to a Delawaran subgroup of Eastern Algonquian.
Vowel sounds
/a, ã, aː, ʌ, ʌ̃, ɛ, ə, e, ɪ, i, ɔ, o, u, aɪ, aʊ/

 Examples of Mohican words 
The table below presents a sample of Mohican words, written first in a linguistically oriented transcription, followed by the same words written in a practical system that has been used in the linguistically related dialect of Munsee. The linguistic system uses a raised dot (·) to indicate vowel length. Although stress is mostly predictable, the linguistic system uses the acute accent to indicate predictable main stress. As well, predictable voiceless or murmured /ă/ is indicated with the breve accent (˘). Similarly, the breve accent is used to indicate an ultra-short [ə] that typically occurs before a single voiced consonant followed by a vowel. The practical system indicates vowel length by doubling the vowel letter, and maintains the linɡuistic system's practices for marking stress and voiceless/ultra-short vowels. The practical system uses orthographic ⟨sh⟩ for the phonetic symbol /š/, and ⟨ch⟩ for the phonetic symbol /č/.

 See also 
Mohicans
Stockbridge-Munsee Community

 Notes 

 References 
Joh. Jac. Schmick, Miscellanea linguae nationis Indicae Mahikan, American Philosophical Society Archives.
Brasser, Ted. 1978. "Mahican." Bruce Trigger, ed., Handbook of North American Indians, Volume 15, Northeast, pp. 198–212. Washington:  Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 26140074
Campbell, Lyle. 1997. American Indian languages: The historical linguistics of Native America. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-509427-1.
Campbell, Lyle; & Mithun, Marianne, eds. 1979. The languages of native America: Historical and comparative assessment. Austin: University of Texas Press. ISBN 0-292-74624-5.
Campbell, Lyle; & Mithun, Marianne. (979. "Introduction: North American Indian historical linguistics in current perspective." In L. Campbell & M. Mithun, eds., The languages of native America: Historical and comparative assessment, pp. 3–69. Austin: University of Texas Press. ISBN 9780292746244
Goddard, Ives.  1978.  "Eastern Algonquian Languages." Bruce Trigger, ed., Handbook of North American Indians, Volume 15, Northeast, pp. 70–77. Washington:  Smithsonian Institution.
Goddard, Ives. 1996. "Introduction." Ives Goddard, ed., The Handbook of North American Indians, Volume 17. Languages, pp. 1–16. Washington, D.C.: The Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 26140074
Goddard, Ives. 1999. Native languages and language families of North America (rev. and enlarged ed. with additions and corrections). [Map]. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press (Smithsonian Institution). (Updated version of the map in Goddard 1996). ISBN 0-8032-9271-6.
Goddard, Ives. 2009. Notes on Mahican: Dialects, Sources, Phonemes, Enclitics, and Analogies. In Karl Hele and Regna Darnell (eds.), Papers of the 39th Algonquian Conference, 246-315. London, Ontario: The University of Western Ontario.
Masthay, Carl, ed. Schmick's Mahican Dictionary. Philadelphia: American Philosophical Society. ISBN 9780871691972
Michelson, Truman. 1914. ["Notes on the Stockbridge Language."] Manuscript No. 2734, National Anthropological Archives. Smithsonian Institution. Washington, DC
Mithun, Marianne. (1999). The languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-23228-7 (hbk); ISBN 0-521-29875-X (pbk).
Pentland, David. 1992. "Mahican historical phonology." Carl Masthay, ed. Schmick's Mahican Dictionary, pp. 15–27. Philadelphia: American Philosophical Society. ISBN 9780871691972

 External links 
Mohican Language Resource
Stockbridge-Munsee Community
OLAC resources in and about the Mohican language

Contronym
A contronym, contranym or autantonym is a word with two meanings that are opposite each other. For example, the word cleave can mean "to cut apart" or "to bind together". This phenomenon is called enantiosemy, enantionymy (enantio- means "opposite"), antilogy or autantonymy. An enantiosemic term is by definition polysemic.

 Nomenclature 
A contronym is alternatively called an auto-antonym, antagonym, enantiodrome, enantionym, Janus word (after the Roman god Janus, who is usually depicted with two faces), self-antonym, antilogy, or addad (Arabic, singular didd).

 Linguistic mechanisms 
Some pairs of contronyms are true homographs, i.e., distinct words with different etymologies which happen to have the same form.  For instance cleave "separate" is from Old English clēofan, while cleave "adhere" is from Old English clifian, which was pronounced differently.
Other contronyms are a form of polysemy, but where a single word acquires different and ultimately opposite definitions. For example, sanction—"permit" or "penalize"; bolt (originally from crossbows)—"leave quickly" or "fix/immobilize"; fast—"moving rapidly" or "fixed in place".  Some English examples result from nouns being verbed in the patterns of "add <noun> to" and "remove <noun> from"; e.g. dust, seed, stone. Denotations and connotations can drift or branch over centuries. An apocryphal story relates how Charles II (or sometimes Queen Anne) described St Paul's Cathedral (using contemporaneous English) as "awful, pompous, and artificial", with the meaning (rendered in modern English) of "awe-inspiring, majestic, and ingeniously designed". 
"Literally" has had a literal meaning of "word for word", but its increasing use as a intensifier in colloquial speech can make it express "not literally but with emphasis".
Negative words such as bad and sick sometimes acquire ironic senses by antiphrasis referring to traits that are impressive and admired, if not necessarily positive (that outfit is bad as hell; lyrics full of sick burns).
Some contronyms result from differences in varieties of English. For example, to table a bill means "to put it up for debate" in British English, while it means "to remove it from debate" in American English (where British English would have "shelve", which in this sense has an identical meaning in American English). To barrack, in Australian English, is to loudly demonstrate support, while in British English it is to express disapproval and contempt.
In Latin, sacer has the double meaning "sacred, holy" and "accursed, infamous". Greek δημιουργός gave Latin its demiurgus, from which English got its demiurge, which can refer either to God as the creator or to the devil, depending on philosophical context.
In some languages, a word stem associated with a single event may treat the action of that event as unitary, so in translation it may appear contronymic. For example, Latin hospes can be translated as both "guest" and "host". In some varieties of English, borrow may mean both "borrow" and "lend".

 Examples 

 English 
Cleave can mean "to cling" or "to split apart".
Clip can mean "attach" or "cut off".
Dust can mean "to remove dust" (cleaning a house) or "to add dust" (e.g., to dust a cake with powdered sugar).
Fast can mean "without moving; fixed in place", (holding fast, also as in "steadfast"), or "moving quickly".
Obbligato in music traditionally means a passage is "obligatory" but has also been used to mean "optional".
Oversight and Overlook both can mean "accidental omission or error", or "close scrutiny and control".
Peruse can mean to "consider with attention and in detail" or "look over or through in a casual or cursory manner".
Ravel can mean "to separate" (e.g., threads in cloth) or "to entangle".
Sanction can mean "approve" or "penalize".
Table can mean "to discuss a topic at a meeting" (British English) or "to postpone discussion of a topic" (American English).

 Other languages 

 Nouns 
The Korean noun 앞 (ap) may mean either "future" or "past" (distinguished by context).

 Verbs 
The German verb ausleihen, the Dutch verb lenen, the Polish verb pożyczyć, the Russian verb одолжить (odolžítʹ), the Finnish verb lainata, and the Esperanto verb prunti can mean either "to lend" or "to borrow", with case, pronouns, and mention of persons making the sense clear. The verb stem conveys that "a lending-and-borrowing event is occurring", and the other cues convey who is lending to whom. This makes sense because anytime lending is occurring, borrowing is simultaneously occurring; one cannot happen without the other.
The German verb umfahren can either mean "to drive around" or "to run over".
The Romanian verb a închiria, the French verb louer, the Finnish verb vuokrata and the Spanish alquilar and arrendar mean "to rent" (as the lessee does) as well as "to let" (as the lessor does).
The Swahili verb kutoa means both "to remove" and "to add".
The Persian verb چیدن (čidan) means both "to pluck" and "to arrange" (i.e. by putting objects down).
In Spanish dar (basic meaning "to give"), when applied to lessons or subjects, can mean "to teach", "to take classes" or "to recite", depending on the context. Similarly with the French verb apprendre, which usually means "to learn" but may refer to the action of teaching someone. Dutch leren can mean "to teach" or "to learn".
The Indonesian verbs menghiraukan and mengacuhkan can mean "to regard" or "to ignore".
The Indonesian/Malay adjective usah can mean "required" or "discouraged" (disambiguated by the use of tidak or tak "don't").

 Adverbs 
Hindi: कल and Urdu: کل (kal [kəl]) may mean either "yesterday" or "tomorrow" (disambiguated by the verb in the sentence).
Irish: ar ball can mean "a while ago" or "in a little bit/later on"

 Agent nouns 
The Italian, Spanish and French cognates (respectively) ospite, huésped and hôte can mean "host" or "guest". The three words derive from the Latin hospes, which also carries both meanings.

 Adjectives 
The Latin sinister lit. 'left' meant both "auspicious" and "inauspicious", within the respective Roman and Greek traditions of augury. The negative meaning was carried on into French and ultimately English.
Latin nimius means "excessive, too much". It maintained this meaning in Spanish nimio, but it was also misinterpreted as "insignificant, without importance".
In Vietnamese, minh means among other things "bright, clear" (from Sino-Vietnamese  明) and "dead, gloomy" (from 冥). Because of this, the name of the dwarf planet Pluto is not adapted from 冥王星 as in Chinese, Japanese and Korean.
Spanish dichoso meant originally "blissful, fortunate" as in tierra dichosa, "fortunate land". However it developed an ironic and colloquial meaning "bothersome, unlucky", as in ¡Dichosas moscas!, "Damned flies!".

 In translation 
Seeming contronyms can occur from translation. In Hawaiian, for example, aloha is translated both as "hello" and as "goodbye", but the essential meaning of the word is "love", whether used as a greeting or farewell.  The Italian greeting ciao is translated as "hello" or "goodbye" depending on the context; the original meaning was "at your service" (literally "(I'm your) slave").

 See also 
Īhām, ambiguity used as a literary device in Middle Eastern poetry
-onym, suffix denoting a class of names
Oxymoron, contradiction used as a figure of speech
Skunked term, a term that becomes difficult to use because it is evolving from one meaning to another, or is otherwise controversial

 References 

 Further reading 
Sheidlower, Jesse (1 November 2005). "The Word We Love To Hate". Slate.
Leithauser, Brad (14 October 2013). "Unusable Words". The New Yorker.
Schulz, Kathryn (7 April 2015). What Part of "No, Totally" Don't You Understand?. The New Yorker.

 External links 

 The dictionary definition of contranym at Wiktionary
 The dictionary definition of Appendix:English contranyms at Wiktionary
Contronyms by language in Wiktionary
List of contronyms

Vanderpump Rules
Vanderpump Rules is an American reality television series which has been broadcast on Bravo since January 7, 2013. Developed as the first spin-off from The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, it has aired ten seasons and focuses on Lisa Vanderpump and the staff at her restaurants and bars: SUR Restaurant & Lounge, Pump Restaurant, and Tom Tom Restaurant & Bar, in West Hollywood, California.
The success of the show has resulted in two spin-offs: Vanderpump Rules After Show and Vanderpump Rules: Jax & Brittany Take Kentucky.

 Overview 
Vanderpump Rules follows Lisa Vanderpump and the staff at her restaurants and bars (SUR Restaurant & Lounge, Pump Restaurant and Tom Tom Restaurant & Bar, in West Hollywood, California) as they work on building their futures in show business and become entangled in interpersonal drama.
The show initially centered on new server Scheana and her relationships with established employees: Kristen Doute, Katie Maloney, Tom Sandoval, Stassi Schroeder and Jax Taylor.

 Season 1 
The first season aired from January 7 to March 11, 2013. The original cast consisted of Kristen Doute, Katie Maloney, Tom Sandoval, Stassi Schroeder, Scheana, Jax Taylor and Lisa Vanderpump, as series regulars, with Peter Madrigal, Tom Schwartz, Mike Shay, Laura-Leigh and Frank Herlihy, as recurring cast members. Ariana Madix made guest appearances in the season.
During the February 4, 2013, Watch What Happens Live! episode, Andy Cohen announced that there would be a reunion. The reunion was filmed on February 9, 2013.In April 2013, it was announced that the show had been renewed for a second season.

 Season 2 
The second season aired from November 4, 2013 to February 25, 2014. Kristina Kelly and Ariana Madix are introduced as recurring cast members. James Kennedy made guest appearances in the season.
The season premiere features as a two-hour crossover episode with the fourth-season premiere of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.In April 2014, it was announced that the show had been renewed for a third season.

 Season 3 
The third season aired from November 3, 2014 to March 25, 2015. Ariana Madix and Tom Schwartz are promoted to series regulars, while James Kennedy and Vail Bloom are introduced as recurring cast members.
In July 2015, it was announced that the show had been renewed for a fourth season.

 Season 4 
The fourth season aired from November 2, 2015 to April 11, 2016. James Kennedy is promoted to a series regular, while Faith Stowers and Lala Kent are introduced as recurring cast members. In a recurring capacity, Brittany Cartwright, and Stassi Schroeder (who departed the show at the end of season three) made guest appearances in the season. Isaac Kappy and Tom Sandoval also guest starred this season with their band Charles McMansion performing the song "T.I.P.".In April 2016, it was announced that the show had been renewed for a fifth season.

 Season 5 
The fifth season aired from November 7, 2016 to April 17, 2017. Stassi Schroeder returned as a series regular, while Brittany Cartwright is introduced as a recurring cast member. Kristina Kelly and Raquel Leviss made guest appearances in the season.
On January 9, 2017, the tenth episode "Summer House Rules" served as a cross-over preview to Summer House.In April 2017, it was announced that the show had been renewed for a sixth season.

 Season 6 
The sixth season aired from December 4, 2017 to May 28, 2018. Brittany Cartwright and Lala Kent are promoted to series regulars, while Billie Lee and Raquel Leviss are introduced as recurring cast members. Mike Shay, Kristina Kelly and Faith Stowers made guest appearances in the season.
In April 2018, it was announced that the show had been renewed for a seventh season.

 Season 7 
The seventh season aired from December 3, 2018 to May 20, 2019. Beau Clark is introduced as a recurring cast member. Kristina Kelly, Max Boyens and Dayna Kathan made guest appearances in the season.
During the season, Lisa Vanderpump and Ken Todd partnered with cast members Tom Sandoval and Tom Schwartz to open a new restaurant/bar in West Hollywood, California, Tom Tom Restaurant & Bar.

 Season 8 
The eighth season aired from January 7 to June 16, 2020. Beau Clark is promoted to a series regular, along with Max Boyens, Brett Caprioni and Dayna Kathan also added as series regulars, while Charli Burnett, Danica Dow and Brett Willis are introduced as recurring cast members. Randall Emmett made guest appearances in the season.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the reunion was recorded virtually, on Zoom.
On June 9, 2020, it was announced original cast members Kristen Doute and Stassi Schroeder had been fired following accusations by former co-star Faith Stowers, who claimed that the two women filed a false police report against her for a crime she did not commit. Additionally, it was announced Max Boyens and Brett Caprioni would not return for the ninth season following past racist Twitter posts.On December 4, 2020, Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright were also fired from the show.

 Season 9 
In December 2020, following the departures of several cast members and due to challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, production on season nine was put on hold 'indefinitely'.
On April 27, 2021, the network confirmed that the show would return for a ninth season as well as confirming that Lisa Vanderpump, Maloney, Sandoval, Scheana, Madix, Schwartz, Kennedy, Kent and Leviss would be returning to the show as cast members.In April 2021, Dayna Kathan confirmed that she would not be returning for the ninth season while suggesting that production on the show was to resume in the near future.In May 2021, production resumed for the ninth season.
The ninth season aired from September 28, 2021 to January 26, 2022. Charli Burnett and Raquel Leviss are promoted to series regulars, along with Brock Davies also added as a series regular, while Richardson Chery, Randall Emmett, Corey Loftus and Max Todd are introduced as recurring cast members.
In May 2022, it was announced that the show had been renewed for a tenth season.

 Season 10 

On December 4, 2022, Randall Emmett revealed that he will not return for the tenth season, and claimed he "never wanted to be on" the show in the first place. On December 29, 2022, Brock Davies announced that he will feature in a reduced role during the tenth season. The official cast for the tenth season was revealed on January 9, 2023. The full cast returned  aside from Burnett who was demoted to a recurring capacity and the previously announced Davies who would make guest appearances throughout the season. Former cast member Kristina Kelly returned in a supporting role and was joined by Ally Lewber, girlfriend of James Kennedy. Doute, Madrigal and Todd made guest appearances.

 Season 11 

On December 11, 2023, it was announced that the eleventh season would premiere on January 30, 2024, with Lisa Vanderpump, Tom Schwartz, Tom Sandoval, Ariana Madix, Katie Maloney, Scheana Shay, Lala Kent, James Kennedy and Ally Lewber all returning alongside Brock Davies in a recurring capacity. Raquel Leviss departed the series in the aftermath of "Scandoval". Former cast members Taylor and Kelly made guest appearances.

 Cast 

 Timeline of cast 

 Main cast 
Lisa Vanderpump: (2013–present) co-owner of SUR Restaurant & Lounge and Tom Tom Restaurant & Bar, and wife of Ken Todd
Katie Maloney: (2013–present), a former server at SUR
Tom Sandoval: (2013–present), a former bartender at SUR, author, now Lisa and Ken's business partner at Tom Tom
Scheana Shay: (2013–present), a former server at SUR, and an aspiring singer and actress, married to Brock Davies
Ariana Madix: (2013–present), a former bartender at SUR, and an author, was in a relationship with Tom Sandoval
Tom Schwartz: (2013–present), a former bartender at Pump, model and actor, now Lisa and Ken's business partner at Tom Tom
James Kennedy: (2014–present), a former busboy at SUR, now DJ
Lala Kent: (2015–present), a former hostess at SUR, who volunteers at Vanderpump Dogs, mother of Ocean

 Recurring cast 
Ken Todd: (2013–present), co-owner of SUR Restaurant & Lounge and Tom Tom Restaurant & Bar, and husband of Lisa
Pandora Vanderpump Sabo (2013–present), Lisa Vanderpump and Ken Todd's daughter
Max Todd: (2013–present), Lisa Vanderpump and Ken Todd's son
Guillermo Zapata: (2013–present), co-owner of SUR Restaurant and Lounge, a model and actor, married to Nathalie Zapata
Nathalie Zapata: (2013–present), co-owner of SUR Restaurant & Lounge, married to Guillermo Zapata
Kristina Kelly: (2013–2020, 2023–present), a former server at SUR
Brock Davies: (2021–present), Scheana's husband
Ally Lewber: (2023–present), James Kennedy's girlfriend

 Former main cast 
Kristen Doute: (2013–2020), a former server at SUR
Stassi Schroeder: (2013–2020), a former server at SUR, married to Beau Clark
Jax Taylor: (2013–2020), a former bartender at SUR, married to Brittany Cartwright
Brittany Cartwright: (2015–2020), a former server at SUR, married to Jax Taylor
Max Boyens: (2018–2020), a former general manager at Tom Tom
Brett Caprioni: (2020), a former server at SUR and model
Beau Clark: (2018–2020), a casting agent, married to Stassi Schroeder
Dayna Kathan: (2018–2020), a former hostess at Tom Tom and a former server at SUR
Raquel Leviss: (2017–2023), a former server at SUR, who volunteered at Vanderpump Dogs

 Former recurring cast 
Peter Madrigal: (2013–2020), a manager of SUR
Mike Shay: (2013–2017), Scheana's ex-husband
Tina McDowelle: (2013-2014), a former server at SUR, and an aspiring singer
Laura-Leigh: (2013), a former server at SUR, and aspiring actress
Frank Herlihy: (2013), a former bartender at SUR
Vail Bloom: (2014), a former hostess at SUR
Faith Stowers: (2015, 2017), James Kennedy's friend
Billie Lee: (2017–2018), a former hostess at SUR
Danica Dow: (2020), an assistant manager at SUR
Brett Willis: (2020), a bartender at SUR
Randall Emmett: (2018–2020), a film producer, father of Lala's child
Charli Burnett: (2020–2023), a former server at SUR

 Episodes 

 Broadcast history 
Vanderpump Rules regularly airs on Bravo in the United States; most episodes are approximately 43 minutes in length, and are broadcast in standard definition and high definition. Since its premiere, the series has altered airing on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday evenings and has been frequently shifted between 9:00 and 10:00 PM timeslots.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Vanderpump Rules at IMDb 
Vanderpump Rules at TV Guide

Genesis (TV series)
Genesis is a 2013 Philippine television drama science fiction series broadcast by GMA Network. Directed by Joyce E. Bernal and Mark A. Reyes, it stars Dingdong Dantes. It premiered on October 14, 2013 on the network's Telebabad line up. The series concluded on December 27, 2013 with a total of 55 episodes. It was replaced by Carmela: Ang Pinakamagandang Babae sa Mundong Ibabaw in its timeslot.
The series is streaming online on YouTube.

 Cast and characters 

Lead castDingdong Dantes as Isaak MacalintalSupporting castRhian Ramos as Racquel Hernandez-De Guzman
TJ Trinidad as Paolo De Guzman
Jackie Lou Blanco as Ramona Escalabre
Lorna Tolentino as Sandra Sebastian-Trinidad
Ronnie Henares as Emil Trinidad
Irma Adlawan as Fely Hernandez
Carlo Gonzales as Waldo Calderon
Betong Sumaya as Lito "Tolits" Dimagiba
Luane Dy as Jill Galvez
Sasha Baldoza as Osie Macalintal
Rainier Gison as MJ Trinidad
Annette Samin as Summer Trinidad
Lauren Young as Sheila Sebastian-SantillianGuest castAngel Aquino as Genesis' voice
Isabelle Daza as Helen
Snooky Serna as Elena Santillian
Laurice Guillen as Rosario Macalintal
Lito Legaspi as Leandro Macalintal
Robert Arevalo as Eduardo Sebastian
Gardo Versoza as Ka Andoy
Mark Anthony Fernandez as Joel
Ervic Vijandre as Fredo
Daria Ramirez as Linda
Juan Rodrigo as Lazon
Derrick Monasterio as Randy
Barbie Forteza as Faith
Sharmaine Arnaiz as Donna Dimaano
Rolly Innocencio as Jeffrey
Mike Lloren as Alberto
Art Acuña as a policeman
Archie Adamos as a policeman
Edwin Reyes as a policeman
Pauleen Luna as younger Sandra
Timothy Chan as younger Isaak
Jillian Ward as younger Racquel

 Ratings 
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Genesis earned a 22.5% rating. While the final episode scored a 22.1% rating.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Genesis at IMDb

River Forest, Illinois
River Forest is a suburban village adjacent to Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. Per the 2020 census, the population was 11,717. Two universities make their home in River Forest, Dominican University and Concordia University Chicago. The village is closely tied to the larger neighboring community of Oak Park. There are significant architectural designs located in River Forest such as the Winslow House by Frank Lloyd Wright. River Forest has a railroad station with service to Chicago on Metra's Union Pacific West Line.

 History 
The Native American history of the area is closely tied to the Des Plaines River and includes Menominee and Chippewa settlements near what is now the Desplaines Avenue and Roosevelt Road forest preserves of Cook County. The Menominees would eventually be driven out by the Potowatomi Nation in 1810. The Potawatomi were in turn pushed west of the Mississippi by the Treaty of Chicago of 1833.1831 saw the establishment of a steam sawmill on the east bank of the Des Plaines River. In 1842, the first planked road in what is now Lake Street was created. The community was known as Noyesville at the time. In 1848 the Galena and Chicago Union Railroad completed construction of tracks westward from Chicago, and train service commenced in January 1849.
In the 1850s two families acquired land and drove development in the area. David Thatcher settled in what is now western River Forest and named that part of the community Thatcher. Henry Quick arrived from Harlem, New York and named the eastern part of Noyesville as well as Harlem Avenue after his home town.

 Geography 
River Forest lies along the Des Plaines River to the west and is bordered by Illinois Route 43 to the east and Illinois Route 64 to the north. Along with the Des Plaines River, much of the western boundary of River Forest consists of the Thatcher Woods forest preserve of Cook County and the Des Plaines River Trail. According to the 2010 census, River Forest has a total area of 2.482 square miles (6.43 km2), of which 2.48 square miles (6.42 km2) (or 99.92%) is land and 0.002 square miles (0.01 km2) (or 0.08%) is water.

 Climate 

 Education 
Dominican University and Concordia University Chicago are both located in River Forest.
There are two public elementary schools, Lincoln Elementary School and Willard Elementary School, and one public middle school, Roosevelt Middle School. The elementary and middle schools are in River Forest Public Schools District 90. River Forest shares a high school with Oak Park, known as Oak Park and River Forest High School, located in Oak Park.River Forest is home to two Catholic grade schools and one Lutheran grade school. St. Luke Parish and St. Vincent Ferrer School are Catholic schools, and Grace Lutheran School is Lutheran. All three enroll children from 3 years old through eighth grade. River Forest has one all-girls' secondary school, Trinity High School.
River Forest also has the Keystone Montessori School, established in 1994. It serves children 9 months of age to 8th grade as an alternative learning style for children. It educates children using the philosophy of Maria Montessori.
The River Forest Public Library is located at 735 Lathrop Avenue.

 Government and infrastructure 
The United States Postal Service operates the River Forest Post Office at 401 William Street.

 Transportation 

 Rail 
Metra operates a station in River Forest along the Union Pacific West Line at 8001 W. Central Avenue

 Bus 
Pace runs routes 309 and 313 along Lake Street through River Forest, stopping a block from the Metra station. Pace also runs routes 307 and 318, with southbound busses driving on North Avenue (318 only) and Harlem Avenue on the edge of River Forest.

 Demographics 
As of the 2020 census there were 11,717 people, 4,040 households, and 2,754 families residing in the village. The population density was 4,720.79 inhabitants per square mile (1,822.71/km2). There were 4,266 housing units at an average density of 1,718.78 per square mile (663.62/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 72.91% White, 7.51% African American, 0.12% Native American, 8.01% Asian, 2.70% from other races, and 8.75% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.46% of the population.
There were 4,040 households, out of which 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.69% were married couples living together, 4.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.83% were non-families. 31.83% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.32% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.13 and the average family size was 2.47.
The village's age distribution consisted of 25.4% under the age of 18, 10.5% from 18 to 24, 18.4% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 17.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40.8 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.5 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $125,288, and the median income for a family was $193,171. Males had a median income of $116,643 versus $57,703 for females. The per capita income for the village was $79,929. About 1.3% of families and 2.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 3.2% of those under age 18 and 1.9% of those age 65 or over.

Note: the US Census treats Hispanic/Latino as an ethnic category. This table excludes Latinos from the racial categories and assigns them to a separate category. Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.

 Architecture 
River Forest is perhaps best known for the diversity of early 20th century American residential architectural styles including several Frank Lloyd Wright designs and others within the Prairie School. The Winslow House and the River Forest Tennis Club are most notable for Frank Lloyd Wright's early styles.

 Notable people 
Tony Accardo, crime boss
Anita Alvarez, attorney
Joseph Andriacchi, mobster
Charles F. Baumrucker, jeweler, businessman, politician
Chris Columbus, filmmaker
James Dewar, inventor
Paul Harvey, radio commentator
Gail Mancuso, television and film director
Franklin Clarence Mars, inventor
Kathryn McGee, activist
Kevin Murphy, actor
Edwin Perkins, inventor
Jerry Saltz art critic
Anne Smedinghoff, diplomat
Carlos Zambrano, pitcher for the Chicago Cubs

 Notable events 
River Forest hosted the 2016 Little League Baseball Illinois State Tournament at Keystone Park.
2019 Little League Illinois State Baseball Champions2023 Junior Little League Illinois State Softball ChampionsFor 18 years, the neighborhood has hosted a yearly 9/11 Lemon-Aid stand on the 700 block of Bonnie Brae which donates all proceeds to local charities. The first year, the event raised $400 for Hepzibah Children's Association. Last year, $36,000 was raised for Kidz Express. To date, $323,000 has been donated by the event.Every year, the Rotary Club of Oak Park River Forest hosts the Food Truck Rally in Keystone Park that donates all net proceeds to local charities. The event includes 10 trucks with sweet, savory, and beer trucks; a live music stage; and a family activities area.

 See also 
River Forest Thomism

 References 

 External links 
Village of River Forest official website
River Forest Public Library
River Forest Community Center
Wednesday Journal, newspaper of Oak Park and River Forest
Oak Park – River Forest Chamber of Commerce

KSEE
KSEE (channel 24) is a television station in Fresno, California, United States, affiliated with NBC. It is owned by Nexstar Media Group alongside CBS affiliate KGPE (channel 47). The two stations share studios on McKinley Avenue in eastern Fresno; KSEE's transmitter is located on Bear Mountain (near Meadow Lakes).
KSEE began broadcasting as KMJ-TV, the first television station in Fresno, on May 31, 1953. It was owned by McClatchy Newspapers, alongside The Fresno Bee and KMJ radio, and was the market's leading station for most of McClatchy's ownership. However, the company owning the major daily newspaper in Fresno, its leading radio station, and its leading television station led to legal scrutiny in the 1970s and a five-year battle by local investors known as San Joaquin Communications Corporation to attempt to wrest the license from McClatchy. McClatchy opted to sell to the investors in 1979, a deal completed in 1981, but they soon sold the station for financial reasons. Nexstar acquired KSEE in 2013, shortly after purchasing KGPE, and moved the latter station's operations into the former's studio building. KSEE produces daily newscasts as well as other local programs.

 History 

 KMJ-TV: Early years 
McClatchy Newspapers, owner of The Fresno Bee and KMJ radio (580 AM), sought to enter the world of television as early as May 1948, when it applied for authority to build television stations on channel 7 in Fresno and channel 10 in Sacramento. However, before the applications were acted on, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) instituted a four-year freeze on television station awards. Channel 7 was removed from Fresno, and McClatchy modified its application to specify channel 24 in the new ultra high frequency (UHF) band.On September 18, 1952, the FCC granted McClatchy a construction permit for Fresno's channel 24, the first such permit awarded in California since the freeze was lifted.  Work began immediately on building Fresno's first television station. In December, the McClatchy Broadcasting Company purchased the former Fresno Ice Arena on Olive Avenue with the intent to convert it to studios (with The Bee's auditorium to be used as an interim facility), while 28 miles (45 km) east of Fresno on Bear Mountain, the station's transmitter was erected. McClatchy also commissioned Walt Disney to design a cartoon bee mascot for KMJ-TV, "Teevy", to accompany the previous Disney designs of "Scoopy" and "Gaby", which were used as mascots for the Bee and the radio stations, respectively.A test pattern was broadcast on May 26, 1953; an inaugural program was presented on May 31 with regular programming beginning the following day, using an interim lower-power transmitter as RCA could not deliver the full-power equipment in time. KMJ-TV aired programs from all networks and became a primary NBC affiliate, sharing CBS with KJEO-TV (channel 47) when it went on the air in September 1953 and until KFRE-TV started in 1956. In September 1954, KMJ-TV began transmitting NBC programs in color. After moving to facilities on N Street in 1956, a new studio facility was built near the Bee complex on the corner of Van Ness Avenue and Calaveras Street in 1959; The Bee's circulation department was also relocated there, across the street, as the newspaper outgrew existing office space.

 San Joaquin Communications Corporation: The long fight 

The history of McClatchy's television undertakings was altered significantly in the 1970s by a problem that had been present nearly from the start. Like in Fresno, McClatchy had filed in 1948 to build a TV station on channel 10 in Sacramento, where it published The Sacramento Bee and owned radio station KFBK. Unlike in Fresno, however, a competing applicant applied for channel 10 after the FCC freeze was lifted. Sacramento Telecasters objected to an initial decision by an FCC hearing examiner favoring McClatchy's proposal for the Sacramento station on grounds that McClatchy already owned too many mass media outlets in the city and that the decision ran counter to FCC policy favoring diversification of media ownership. The FCC agreed with Sacramento Telecasters in October 1954 and awarded it the construction permit for KBET-TV, though McClatchy exhausted its appeals until February 1958.In 1964, McClatchy acquired KOVR, a station in Stockton that also served Sacramento. The transaction had attracted scrutiny for potentially creating a "monopoly of news", and a court challenge to McClatchy's ownership of the station was filed in 1969 and abandoned in 1971.When KMJ-TV's broadcast license came up for renewal in November 1974, San Joaquin Communications Corporation (SJCC), a company led by R. W. "Duke" Millard and owned by local investors, filed a competing application to establish a channel 24 station with the FCC. SJCC contended that McClatchy had "great concentration of control" and was "a monolithic media giant" as a result of its newspaper, radio, and television holdings in Fresno. A group representing local Mexican Americans also objected to the KMJ-TV license; McClatchy defended its community service record and expressed confidence that KMJ-TV's license would be renewed. The United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division also lodged a petition with the commission asking it to order the breakup of McClatchy's Fresno media holdings due to the dominance of The Bee, the main daily newspaper, and the radio and television stations. As evidence, federal attorneys noted that the Bee–KMJ combination commanded 80.4 percent of the advertising revenue in Fresno media as of 1972.While the FCC accepted a citizens' agreement with the Mexican American group in July 1975, and it dismissed the Justice Department opposition in 1976, the SJCC application continued to simmer as attitudes on cross-ownership of mass media entered the national spotlight. In response to a federal appeals court ordering divestitures of such combinations, in 1977, McClatchy proposed to trade KOVR for a station in Greenville, South Carolina; SJCC opposed the deal and refused to rescind its petition to deny, contributing to its cancellation after a year in pending status.In April 1978, ten days of hearings were held comparing the record and proposals of McClatchy's KMJ-TV and those of San Joaquin Communications Corporation. SJCC officials sought to highlight that the public service activities of KMJ television were influenced by the KMJ radio stations and McClatchy itself, while McClatchy defended its viewership and record by noting that channel 24 was the most-watched station in most time periods and that it enjoyed a comparatively favorable reputation. More rounds of hearings were held in Washington, D.C., and Fresno during 1978, with technical and antitrust issues at play. SJCC charged that McClatchy had aggressively investigated the backgrounds of its members and went as far as to destroy taped conversations about the topic. Representations about transmitter sites and finances and the possibility of upgraded KMJ-TV transmitting facilities overlapping with those of KOVR were also discussed in the marathon sessions. Dayle Molen, whose coverage of the hearings appeared in The Bee, noted that for the teams of attorneys from Washington, "Their principal recreation was sampling the cuisine of various Fresno restaurants."

 KSEE: SJCC and Meredith ownership 
Four and a half years of legal wrangling unexpectedly ended in May 1979, when McClatchy announced it would sell KMJ-TV to SJCC for $13.5 million to avoid a continued legal burden and as many as five or six more years of hearings and appeals. The KMJ radio stations would remain under McClatchy ownership. The company then decided to put KOVR, its only other television station, up for sale; citing "increasingly strong government opposition" to cross-ownership, president C. K. McClatchy II noted that he felt it was in the community interest to ensure an "orderly transition" of ownership at that station.However, an unexpected obstacle formed in November when six different social activist groups filed petitions to deny the transfer, largely because they felt that the station's new owners would not have an adequate editorial policy. National Land for People, the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, the Mexican-American Political Association, the United Professors of California, the Fresno Democratic Coalition, and El Concilio de Fresno objected to the presence of several large landowners in SJCC's ownership consortium; several of the groups, notably National Land for People, were already contesting these landowners in the Westlands Water District for their use of water. Despite a story in The Wall Street Journal that suggested The Bee shelved a story about SJCC principal Frank Garabedian that would have linked him to a bribery scheme in order to protect the transaction, the FCC granted approval to the transaction on November 18, 1980.SJCC took control of KMJ-TV on January 28, 1981, and changed the call sign to KSEE on February 27. As it turned out, the time it spent obtaining the station—more than six years—dwarfed the time it actually owned it. The investments made by the SJCC principals were rewarded with financial reverses, partly because NBC was the third-rated television network at the time of the acquisition, as well as increased capital requirements. As a result, when three station groups made unsolicited overtures to purchase KSEE in January 1982, San Joaquin Communications listened and entered into negotiations with the Meredith Corporation to sell channel 24. The deal was announced and filed with the FCC that August for $17.6 million.The Meredith transaction also faced objections before the FCC, from a Black group over minority hiring practices and the same Mexican American group for similar reasons, but the groups negotiated a settlement agreement with Meredith in April 1983, withdrawing their opposition. Meredith took over operations the next month, promising improvements in programming and news. It also began a two-year search for a site to relocate and build new studios; in 1985, KSEE announced it would construct a facility near the Fresno Air Terminal. These studios opened in 1987, and Fresno's public television station, KMTF (now KVPT), moved into the former KSEE plant.

 Granite ownership 
In 1993, Meredith sold two of its stations—KSEE and WTVH in Syracuse, New York—to Granite Broadcasting, a Black-owned company in New York; the transaction gave Meredith tax certificates for selling stations to a minority. The sale was closed that December.Granite assumed advertising sales functions for KPXF, the local Pax TV owned-and-operated station, under a joint sales agreement in 2000; in addition, KPXF reaired KSEE newscasts. This ended in March 2003 when the sale of KPXF to Univision and conversion to Telefutura as KTFF took place.

 Sale to Nexstar and merger with KGPE 
On February 6, 2013, Granite sold KSEE's non-license assets to the Nexstar Broadcasting Group, with Nexstar also intending to purchase KSEE's license following Federal Communications Commission approval; in the interim, Nexstar operated the station via a time brokerage agreement. The deal made KSEE a sister station to CBS affiliate KGPE (the former KJEO-TV), which Nexstar had just acquired from Newport Television. While most duopolies of Big Four or Big Three network affiliates contain two of the four highest-rated stations in the market and are usually not permissible, Nexstar presented viewership figures showing that Univision station KFTV was second in the market, with KGPE fourth and KSEE fifth, making the combination legal. The purchase was approved on April 17 and completed by May 31.After acquiring KSEE and KGPE, Nexstar moved to consolidate the operations of both stations by relocating KGPE into KSEE's larger facilities and renovating the building. New high definition-capable studios were built for the two stations, and the KSEE Building was renamed the McKinley Media Center.

 Local programming 

 News operation 
Dean Mell, KMJ-TV's first newscaster, recalled in 1985 that the station's news operation at the outset focused entirely on gathering local news, with only two cameramen on the news staff along with Mell. National and international film was supplied by the Movietone News newsreels and flown in daily; if fog developed in Fresno, footage might be seen days late.KMJ-TV and KFSN-TV generally traded leadership in news ratings through the late 1970s, but the latter took a dominant lead in the market by the end of the decade thanks to  a new anchor pairing. Channel 24, however, was first in the area with live reports in its newscasts, in 1980.By the time of Meredith's purchase in 1983, however, KSEE was described as a station "in dire need of repair". Meredith dispatched Ken Coy, an anchor and news director at its KPHO-TV in Phoenix, to Fresno to lead the KSEE news department. Several changes were made on the news staff, including the firing of two on-air personalities. Coy remained at the station for the rest of the decade, including two years where he served as news anchor in addition to running the newsroom. Ratings stabilized at second, behind KFSN but ahead of KJEO. The station also won a Peabody Award for its 1994 report "The Atomic Bombshell", in which Dale Julin uncovered a radiation hazard resulting from a 1950 military plane crash. KSEE's news ratings generally remained in second place in the 2000s, with a noted downturn late in the decade.On September 3, 2002, KSEE launched a half-hour 4 p.m. newscast, the market's first; the program was retooled in 2011 into a lifestyle and news program, We Are Fresno Live. Between 2006 and 2009, KSEE produced a newscast at 10 p.m. for MyNetworkTV affiliate KAIL.In April 2013, prior to the merger of KSEE and KGPE's news departments, the two stations began sharing reporters and photographers, but they continued to maintain separate on-air talent. Both stations relaunched their news products in October 2013, with KSEE newscasts being refocused to cover "local news that matters" and several changes in the schedule including the cancellation of We Are Fresno Live and changes in the timing of some other newscasts to reduce overlap to KGPE.

 Notable former on-air staff 
Caroline Collins – anchor
Mike Hill – sports anchor/reporter (1995–1997)
Raj Mathai – sports anchor/reporter (1997–1998); was known as Roger Mathai in Fresno

 Sports programming 
KSEE launched Bulldog Insider, a weekly magazine program covering athletics at Fresno State University, in 2007.Since 2022, KSEE airs 11 Los Angeles Clippers regular season games a year syndicated from Nexstar sister station KTLA.

 Other local programming 
In 2003, KSEE debuted a medical discussion program titled MedWatch, which aired Saturdays at 6:30 p.m.; the program, hosted by longtime anchor Cindy Suryan, focused on medical and health topics as well as breakthroughs in medical technology, it was canceled in 2009 but was later revived in 2019 as MedWatch Today. In September 2007, KSEE debuted an hour-long business/entertainment show, Central Valley Today; originally airing at 11 a.m., the program moved to 3 p.m. on October 30, 2013.

 Technical information 

 Subchannels 
The station's signal is multiplexed:

The 26.4 subchannel is hosted on KSEE as part of Fresno's ATSC 3.0 (NextGen TV) deployment, launched June 2022, in which Nexstar is a participant.KSEE shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 24, on June 12, 2009, the official date on which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 38, using virtual channel 24; the analog signal remained on the air for the other two weeks to provide transition information as part of the SAFER Act, The station was then moved to channel 20 in the 10th and final phase of the repack in 2020.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Metepec railway station
The Metepec railway station, otherwise known as the Tecnológico station or Tecnológico–Aeropuerto station, is a commuter railway station serving the El Insurgente commuter rail system which will connect Greater Toluca, State of Mexico, with Mexico City. The station is the closest to the Toluca International Airport and is located along Boulevard Solidaridad Las Torres. The station is located nearby Tecnológico Avenue, in the municipality of Metepec.
Metepec railway station opened on 15 September 2023, with eastward service towards Lerma railway station and westward service towards Zinacantepec railway station. It is an elevated station with one island platform; the facilities are accessible to people with disabilities.

 Location and layout 
Metepec railway station is a commuter railway station located along Boulevard Solidaridad Las Torres, near the instersection with Tecnológico Avenue, in Metepec. There are multiple shopping centers near the station. The municipal authorities forbidden the installation of street vendors, unlike other stations in the system.The area is serviced by multiple intercity bus routes, including some which arrive from the municipality of Toluca. The government of the State of Mexico announced that a shuttle bus route is intended to connect the station with the city's airport. A freeway interchange road was built to reduce transportation times between both locations.The station was built above ground level. It has a disabled-accessible service with elevators, escalators, tactile pavings, access rams, braille signage plates, as well as visual signage and auditive announcements.

 Name 
The station's projected names were "Tecnológico" (after the nearby avenue) and "Tecnológico–Aeropuerto", as it is the closest to the Toluca International Airport. Alfredo Quiroz Fuentes, local congressman, requested to rename the station to "Árbol de la Vida" (lit. transl. Tree of Life), in reference to a traditional local artwork, to honor the municipal potter's work.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Estación Metepec at TEN Arquitectos micro website.

Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak
Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak (Lawang Sewu: Kuntilanak's Vengeance) is a 2007 Indonesian Horror film directed by Arie Azis. The film tells about a group of seven teenagers from Jakarta is in Semarang to celebrate their high school graduation. Along the road home after partying, they stopped by Lawang Sewu, a supposedly haunted building in Semarang, to relieve themselves. One of the girls went inside the building to avoid the boys and didn't come back. When they start to find their missing friend, the night turns into a nightmare for other six, who find themselves haunted and terrorized by a Kuntilanak.

 Plot 
Seven teenagers from Jakarta, Diska (Thalita Latief), Yugo (Marcell Darwin), Armen (Melvin Giovanie), Dinda (Tsania Marwa), Naya (Salvita Decorte), Onil (Ronald Gustav), and Cika (Bunga Jelitha), are in Semarang to celebrate their graduation from high school. All but Diska, who is driving the car, are intoxicated after going to a nightclub. On their way home to Naya's grandmother's house, Armen, Onil, and Yugo ask Diska to pull over so that they can relieve themselves; they stop at Lawang Sewu, and the boys urinate onto the grounds from outside the fence. Cika, who also must relieve herself, does not feel comfortable with the boys and goes into the building.
After wondering why Cika did not come back, the six enter the building to look for her. The ghosts inhabiting the building, angered by their lack of respect, begin to frighten them. The first to appear is the ghost of a Dutchwoman, Noni van Ellen, who possesses Dinda and causes her to yell and insult the others. After Dinda returns to normal, Diska tells her that she is violating the sanctity of the building by entering it while she is having a menstrual cycle. Onil is told to take Dinda outside, but before they can leave the building, they are approached by a kuntilanak with a ball and chain wrapped around her leg; Onil wets his pants, and the two hugs each other as the ghost approaches them.
Meanwhile, Diska, Yugo, Armen, and Naya are in shock as they find Cika's dead body. When they are attempting to take the body away, the kuntilanak comes and chases them. Diska gets to the outside of the building, but Armen, Yugo, and Naya are chased into the basement, where the kuntilanak terrorizes them. Diska drives away to get help from Naya's Grandmother. When they return, they attempt to drive away the ghosts by performing an exorcism; the ghosts rise up and kill Naya's Grandmother, chasing Diska into the basement.
In the basement, Diska meets Armen, Yugo, and Naya. Armen tells her that he knows who the kuntilanak is: his ex-girlfriend Ratih (Nuri Maulida) who is also their schoolmate. She was unintentionally pregnant with Armen's child and chased out of Jakarta by Armen and his friends; Diska, who wanted to help her, was stopped by Naya and Cika. Upon arriving in her hometown of Semarang, Ratih was disowned by her family and in desperation committed suicide by throwing herself into a well at Lawang Sewu.
Upon learning the truth, Diska runs to the well to close it. Meanwhile, the kuntilanak kills Naya and Armen. As the kuntilanak is preparing to kill Yugo, Diska manages to close the well and stop the kuntilanak. In the end, Diska and Yugo leave together to go to their own homes, and continue their lives.

 Cast 
Thalita Latief as Diska
Marcell Darwin as Yugo
Melvin Giovanie as Armen
Tsania Marwa as Dinda
Salvita Decorte as Naya
Ronald Gustav as Onil
Bunga Jelitha as Cika
Renny Djajoesman as Mbah Darmo
Nuri Maulida as Ratih
Yati Pesek as Yati

 Additional Cast 
August Melasz as Ratih's Father
Chicco Jerikho as Guy at the Club

 Production 

 Pre-production 
Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak was produced by MD Pictures, which had previously produced Kala (2007) and Suster Ngesot (2007). It was directed by Arie Azis and written by Aviv Elham, and drew its inspiration from stories about Lawang Sewu in Semarang, Central Java, a colonial building rumored to be haunted.Pre-production began in mid 2007, with reports surfacing in early June that Arie Azis was in talks to direct the film, this was later confirmed by MD pictures. In June 2007, Thalita latief and Marcell Darwin were cast to star in the film. That month, Melvin Giovanie, Tsania Marwa, Salvita Decorte, Ronald Gustav, and Bunga Jelitha were also confirmed for roles in the film. In preparation for their roles, The actors and actresses traveled to Semarang to spend time in the city.

 Filming 
Principal photography began in late July 2007. Lasting for more than 30 days, shooting took place primarily at Lawang Sewu as well as other locations in and around Semarang, Central Java. Filming also took place at the Jakarta. While filming the scene where Dinda is possessed by the ghost of Noni Van Ellen, Tsania Marwa reportedly began speaking in fluent Dutch, a language she had never studied before.

 Themes 
Manoj Punjabi, the film's producer, stated that he believed Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak carried an important message, that humans as social creatures must always follow social norms and be aware of their surroundings; if not, he added, their secrets would be revealed.

 Release and reception 
Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak premiered at the Senayan City XXI Theatre on 19 September 2007, with a wide release the following day. It received a poor reception. Evi Febrian Surya, writing for the Semarang-based Suara Merdeka, gave the film a scathing review, saying that it "truly 'raped' an icon of Semarang."

 Notes 

 References 
Footnotes

Bibliography

 External links 
 
Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak at IMDb 
Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak on Film Indonesia
Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak on Filmbor
Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak on FilmDoo
Lawang Sewu: Dendam Kuntilanak on Letterboxd

Saints Row: The Third
Saints Row: The Third is a 2011 action-adventure game developed by Volition and published by THQ. It is the sequel to 2008's Saints Row 2 and the third installment in the Saints Row series. It was released on November 15, 2011 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360, and May 10, 2019 for the Nintendo Switch. A remastered version of Saints Row: The Third, titled Saints Row: The Third Remastered, was released by Deep Silver on May 22, 2020 for PlayStation 4, Windows, and Xbox One, March 5, 2021 for Stadia, May 25, 2021 for PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series X/S, and July 29, 2021 for Luna.
The game is set in the fictional city of Steelport, and continues the story of the 3rd Street Saints, once again putting players in the role of the gang's leader, who is fully customizable. Five years after the events of Saints Row 2, the Saints have grown from their humble origins as a street gang into a large media and consumer empire with their own brand, while many of the gang's members have become celebrities and pop culture icons. After being stranded in Steelport, which is firmly ruled by an international crime organization known as the Syndicate, the Saints must rebuild their forces once more to take over the city and defeat the Syndicate, as well as S.T.A.G., a violent paramilitary contracted with restoring order to Steelport.
Development of Saints Row: The Third began in late 2008, shortly after the release of Saints Row 2. There was high staff turnover from the previous Saints Row team, with only one-fifth of the final 100-person staff having worked on a previous title in the series. They aimed to improve on the series by giving the game a coherent tone, and found it in films such as Hot Fuzz and the game's signature sex toy bat.
The game received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised its general zaniness and customization options. Criticism was aimed at the new setting, which many critics felt was flat and underdeveloped compared to the previous games' Stilwater, and the lackluster humor. On the contrary, others thought the game perfected the Saints Row formula. It was a nominee for Best Narrative at the 2012 Game Developers Conference, an IGN Editor's Choice, and a recipient of perfect scores from GamesRadar and G4. A complete edition including the three downloadable content packs was released in 2012, and its planned Enter the Dominatrix expansion became the game's sequel, Saints Row IV, released in 2013.

 Gameplay 
Saints Row: The Third is an action-adventure game played from the third-person perspective in an open world, such that players explore an unrestricted environment. Similar to the premise of the previous Saints Row games, the player's goal is to lead the Third Street Saints gang to overtake its rival gangs in the city turf war. While the protagonist is the same, the game introduces a new setting, the city of Steelport, with its own three gangs: the Morningstar, Luchadores, and Deckers, together known as the Syndicate. To further complicate matters, the government's Special Tactical Anti-Gang unit (STAG) is summoned to quell both organizations. The Third is the first in the series to intertwine the narratives of its three-gang structures, and presents the player with story-altering decisions.
 The series has been considered a clone of Grand Theft Auto that later positioned itself as more "gleefully silly" in comparison. In combat, players select weapons from a weapon selection wheel, including pistols, submachine guns, shotguns, and rocket launchers alongside special weapons such as UAV drones and a fart-in-a-jar stun grenade. Player melee attacks include running attacks such as DDTs and a purple dildo bat. Players may use vehicles to navigate the city, including a hover jet (known as the F-69 VTOL) and a pixelated retrogame tank that are unlocked through story missions. Once special vehicles are unlocked, they are in unlimited supply and can be delivered directly to the player-character's location. Player actions are intensified with what Volition calls the "awesome button", where for example the player will divekick through the windshield into the driver's seat of a car. The main story campaign missions can be played alone, or cooperatively either online or via System Link offline. Some elements are added to the campaign for the second player. There is no competitive multiplayer, but a "wave-based survival mode" called Whored Mode that supports up to two players.Players customize their characters after the introductory mission. Player-character bodies, dress, and vehicles can be customized, as well as home properties. Players can additionally share their character designs in a Saints Row online community. Apart from the main story missions, there are optional diversions to make money and earn reputation, such as Insurance Fraud, where players hurt themselves in traffic to maximize self-injury before a timer expires, or Mayhem, where players maximize property destruction before a time expires. Some of these diversions were introduced in previous Saints Row games. Activities serve the plot and are positioned as training the player-character or damaging the Syndicate. They can also be repeated. Outside of structured diversions, players are free to make their own fun by purchasing property, shopping for items, finding hidden sex doll and money cache collectibles, and wreaking unsolicited havoc. There are also "flashpoint" gang operations that grant respect when disrupted. Attacking others increases the player's notoriety level, as depicted with stars.Saints Row: The Third introduced experience levels and weapon upgrades to the series. Most actions in the game come with incentives in the form of money and respect (reputation). Money buys land, weapons, and other upgrades, and respect is a kind of experience point that can unlock player abilities like "no damage from falling" or "infinite sprint", as well as upgrades to the player's computer-controlled gang member support. In turn, players receive further incentive to nearly miss car collisions, streak naked through the streets, shoot others in the groin, blow up Smart cars, and kill mascots in ambient challenges to earn more respect. Lack of respect does not hinder story progress, as it has in previous games. Player progress and unlocks are managed by an in-game cell phone menu that also lets the player call for vehicle deliveries and non-player character backup. The computer-controlled support will dialogue with each other.

 Plot 
Three years after the events of Saints Row 2, the 3rd Street Saints have merged with the Ultor Corporation to become a media and consumer empire with their own brand. While robbing a bank in Stilwater to promote an upcoming film about themselves, the Boss (Troy Baker, Kenn Michael, Robin Atkin Downes, Laura Bailey, Tara Platt, Rebecca Sanabria, or Steve Blum) and their top lieutenants, Shaundi (Danielle Nicolet) and Johnny Gat (Daniel Dae Kim), encounter unanticipated resistance on the job, which ultimately leads to them being arrested. The group are bailed out by Phillipe Loren (Jacques Hennequet), head of an international criminal enterprise called "the Syndicate" that owned the bank they robbed, and held as captives aboard his jumbo jet. After refusing Loren's deal to give him most of their profits in exchange for their lives, the Saints stage a breakout, though Gat is forced to sacrifice himself to allow the Boss and Shaundi to escape. In response to the incident, Loren orders the Syndicate to attack the Saints, and ensure that their empire is destroyed.
Shaundi and the Boss land in the city of Steelport, firmly ruled over by the Syndicate's three main divisions: the Morningstar, a sophisticated gang led by Loren and his lieutenants, sisters Viola (Sasha Grey) and Kiki DeWynter (Megan Hollingshead), who dominate the sex trade; the Luchadores, a Mexican wrestler-themed gang led by Eddie "Killbane" Pryor (Rick D. Wasserman), who operate their own casino; and the Deckers, a hacker gang led by Matt Miller (Yuri Lowenthal), who dominate the city's cyber black-market. After Saints lieutenant Pierce Washington (Arif S. Kinchen) arrives with backup, the Saints secure a hideout, and go after Loren's operations, ultimately killing him in his own skyscraper. In the process, they rescue Oleg Kirrlov (Mark Allen Stuart), a former KGB agent being forcefully cloned to provide super-soldiers for the Syndicate, who helps them to track down other allies: ex-FBI agent Kinzie Kensington (Natalie Lander), who seeks to disrupt the Deckers; veteran pimp Zimos (Alex Désert), who lost his business to the Morningstar; and Angel de la Muerte (Hulk Hogan), Killbane's embittered former wrestling partner.
Killbane steps in to succeed the late Loren as leader of the Syndicate, and soon kills Kiki in a jealous rage. Out of anger, Viola defects to the Saints and helps them finish off the Morningstar. Meanwhile, the lawlessness in Steelport leads to the federal government approving the deployment of a task force to combat it - the Special Tactical Anti-Gang (S.T.A.G.), led by Cyrus Temple (Tim Thomerson) and supervised by Senator Monica Hughes (Tasia Valenza), the widow of the Saints' old nemesis Richard Hughes. Armed with highly advanced technology, S.T.A.G. puts the city under martial law until order can be restored. During this time, the Saints focus on the Deckers, with the Boss acquiring items needed by Kinzie to allow them to access the Deckers' network with a virtual avatar. Once inside, the Boss battles Matt's avatar and defeats it, forcing Matt to retire his gang and leave the city. With only the Luchadores left, Angel and Viola suggest humiliating Killbane during his next major wrestling match, resulting in him going on a rampage across Steelport after he loses.
While pursuing Killbane amidst the chaos, the Boss is informed that Shaundi, Viola, and Mayor Burt Reynolds (himself) have been kidnapped by S.T.A.G. and taken to Steelport's most prominent monument, which has been rigged with explosives. At this point, the player must choose between continuing their pursuit of Killbane, or trying to stop S.T.A.G. In the canon ending, the Boss rescues their allies and prevents the monument's destruction, resulting in the Saints being hailed as heroes and Monica Hughes withdrawing S.T.A.G. after its actions become severely questioned by the government. The Saints decide not to pursue Killbane, who has fled Steelport, and instead resume their consumer activities, focusing on a new film called Gangstas In Space that stars the Boss. If the player alternatively chooses to pursue Killbane, they ultimately kill him, but Shaundi, Viola, and Reynolds die when S.T.A.G. destroys the monument, which the Saints are framed for. The Boss exacts revenge and destroys S.T.A.G.'s flying aircraft carrier, before they and Pierce declare Steelport an independent nation under the Saints' rule.

 Development 

Saints Row 2's design philosophy was to "put everything ... into the game", which made for a disjointed title with varied tone. Design director Scott Phillips said the series' legacy of lightheartedness made the sequel's tone hard to define. The development team withstood a high turnover between the two releases, with only a fifth of the final 100-person team having worked on a title in the series before. Saints Row: The Third was in development by September 2008 as Saints Row 3. For its first six months of development, the team tested a choice-based adventure concept featuring an undercover agent infiltrating the Saints, which was dropped for not aligning with the spirit of the series. Now without a vision, the team made a "tone video" with film segments and songs that would define the new title. The final version featured bits from Bad Boys II, Shoot 'Em Up, Hot Fuzz, and Mötley Crüe's "Kickstart My Heart". The team worked in this direction to find a personality for Saints Row: The Third, which it found in its signature "dildo bat". The idea started as one-off mission-specific weapon and the artists ran with the concept. Their design mantra became "Embrace the Crazy; Fun Trumps All".They came to the conclusion that "everything had to be 'over the top this time around'" so as to distinguish Saints Row: The Third from other open world titles and to make the franchise into a AAA title. The team increased playtesting to check for the action's pacing and "setpiece moments" within its overall flow. Producer Greg Donovan considered Saints Row: The Third a reboot of the franchise, "cohesive" in a way the prior two "semi-serious" entries were not. Other than "over the top" themes, the team wanted "holy shit" "water cooler moments" that players would remember forever and want to share. Phillips also "didn't want the player to be a dick".The city of Steelport was designed such that the player could identify locations without needing a minimap, with a spatially recognizable skyline and iconic gang vehicles in specific regions.The title was not shown at the 2010 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) with the explanation that the company had spent the year "rebuilding the technology", but a tie-in movie was mentioned as in production and a Saints Row 3 announcement was expected at the December Spike VGAs. Saints Row: The Third was finally announced officially in March 2011. The team wanted to include many different features and items, so scoping the final product became an issue. They laid out their ideas on a schedule and began to cut until over "4000 man-days of scheduled work" were removed, including features such as free-running (called "freegunning") and a cover system. Competitive multiplayer was removed due to its lack of popularity in the previous series entries. In retrospect, Phillips said he wanted to remove more. The studio borrowed people from other parts of the company to finish the project. Writer Drew Holmes expressed the difficulty in determining what was too risqué for the game. In keeping with series advertising, Saints Row: The Third included sex symbol Sasha Grey in the production as a character voice. Other celebrity voice actors include Hulk Hogan and Daniel Dae Kim.The development team also pre-visualized rough drafts to sketch ideas for others to advance. For example, the introductory airplane level was pre-visualized two years prior to its creation as a demonstration for the development team and publisher. Levels were built in a world editor by Volition's Core Technology Group (CTG), which was continually built in the four years preceding release. Like the other two titles, Saints Row: The Third uses Havok's physics middleware with customizations. which let the team build vehicle drifting physics and the VTOL aircraft. The studio considered the Red Faction series' Geo-Mod 2 engine but chose against it due to the implementation's difficulty and not wanting that degree of destruction. Phillips gave a game development postmortem at the 2012 Game Developers Conference, where he advised studios to let development team members run with their ideas. Volition began to add modding support to the title and series in mid 2013.

 Audio 
Saints Row: The Third has a licensed soundtrack available as radio stations when driving in vehicles. Players can switch between the playlists, which range from classical to electronic to hip hop, rock, or customize their own station based on their preferences. The original soundtrack was composed by Malcolm Kirby Jr., who had previously worked on The Love Guru's soundtrack. It was released through Sumthing Else Music Works alongside the game via compact disc and digital download. Kirby said the series' over-the-top nature influenced the score, and that he was a huge fan of the series before he received the opportunity. In his composition, each gang has a theme and specific characteristics that range from "menacing orchestral to gangster hip hop to heavy metal".

 Marketing and release 
 The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 simultaneously on November 15, 2011, in the United States and Australia, and three days later in the United Kingdom. The November 17, 2011, Japan release had the veins removed from the Penetrator weapon (the three-foot long phallus bat) due to regulatory restrictions on depictions of genitalia. In lieu of exclusive game content scheduled for the PlayStation 3 version that did not ship with the game, early North American and European players who purchased that version received a complimentary download code for Saints Row 2. The summer before Saints Row: The Third's release, THQ pledged to support it with a year's worth of downloadable content. Around the time of release, Danny Bilson of THQ announced that Saints Row IV was already in planning.Those who preordered the game received Professor Genki's Hyper Ordinary Preorder Pack, which included Genki-themed downloadable content (a costume, a vehicle, and a weapon). A North American limited edition box set release called the Platinum Pack included the preorder content, the soundtrack, and a custom headset. Australia and New Zealand received two limited editions: the Smooth Criminal pack from EB Games and the Maximum Pleasure bundle from JB Hi-Fi, each of which included tie-in items along with the game and preorder content.Though the game was not shown at E3 2010, THQ spoke of extensive tie-in merchandising (collectible card game, books) and a Saints Row film in production as part of a "robust transmedia play". Instead, THQ announced Saints Row: Drive By, a tie-in game for the Nintendo 3DS and Xbox Live Arcade that would unlock content in Saints Row 3. After the game was announced in March 2011, it was featured on the cover of Game Informer's April issue. Closer to release, THQ sent rap group the Broken Pixels a development kit with a pre-release version of the game and asked them to record track about "all the wacky things" to do in the game. The group wrote the rap in a day and later produced a YouTube video set to clips from the game. THQ hosted an event in Redfern, Australia where women in skintight clothes pumped free gas for three hours, which generated an estimated 35 times return on investment. Eurogamer recalled that the game was "marketed almost exclusively on the basis of all the wacky stuff it will let you do" from the costumes to the sex toy weapons, and Edge described Saints Row: The Third as "marketed by sex toys and porn stars".Two weeks before the game's release, Saints Row: The Third had four times the preorder count of Saints Row 2 at its comparable point. By January 2012, the game had shipped 3.8 million units worldwide, which THQ cited as an example for its business model change to focus on the big franchises. THQ President and CEO Brian Farrell expected to ship five to six million copies of the game in its lifetime. It had reached four million by April, and 5.5 million by the end of the year. Saints Row: The Third was an unexpected continued success for the company. It was featured in promotions with Humble Bundle, PlayStation Plus, and Xbox Live Games with Gold over the next several years.Volition released a Linux port of the game in 2016, and made the Xbox 360 release compatible with its successor, the Xbox One, the next year. In August 2018, Deep Silver announced a Nintendo Switch port, which will be released in May 2019. The port was developed by Fishlabs. Deep Silver announced Saints Row: The Third Remastered in April 2020. The remastered version was developed by Sperasoft and features remodeled assets for high-definition, enhanced graphics and lighting, and includes all of the game's downloadable content.  The title was released on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows on May 22, 2020, with it later being released on Google Stadia on March 5, 2021, Steam on May 22, 2021, and Amazon Luna on July 29, 2021.

 Downloadable content 

Downloadable content for Saints Row: The Third includes additional story missions, weapons, and characters. A "definitive edition", Saints Row: The Third – The Full Package, contains all post-release downloadable content—including all three mission packs ("Genkibowl VII", "Gangstas in Space", and "The Trouble with Clones") and bonus items (clothes, vehicles, and weapons)—in addition to the main game. The Full Package was announced in September 2012 for release two months later on PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.THQ announced an Enter the Dominatrix standalone expansion as an April Fool's joke in 2012. It was confirmed as in development the next month. In Enter the Dominatrix, the alien commander Zinyak imprisons the Saints' leader in a simulation of Steelport called The Dominatrix so as to prevent interference when he takes over the planet. The expansion also added superpowers for the player-character. In June, THQ said the expansion would be wrapped into a full sequel, tentatively titled "The Next Great Sequel in the Saints Row Franchise" and scheduled for a 2013 release. Parts of Enter the Dominatrix that were not incorporated into the sequel, Saints Row IV, were later released as downloadable content for the new title, under the same name.

 Reception 

The game received "generally favorable" reviews, according to video game review score aggregator Metacritic.  Some said the game did not try to be more than a good time, and described it as a variant of "ridiculous", "zany", or "absurd". In another way, others called it "juvenile". Critics praised the degree of customization options,  and had mixed views of the array of activities, but found Professor Genki's Super Ethical Reality Climax a high point. Some found the game's ironic sexism to verge on misogyny, and that its other humor sometimes fell flat. Several critics referred to the game as the perfection of the Saints Row formula It was a nominee for Best Narrative at the 2012 Game Developers Conference, an IGN Editor's Choice, and a recipient of perfect scores from GamesRadar and G4. During the 15th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards, the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences nominated Saints Row: The Third for "Action Game of the Year".Edge said that the series "wants to be the WarioWare of open-city games", "a cartoon flipbook of anything-goes extremity" to Grand Theft Auto's "ostentatious crime drama". They wrote that the game's "single-minded" "puerile imagination" demanded respect and noted the game's escalation of video game tropes and cultural references from Japanese game shows to text adventures to zombie apocalypses to lucha libre. IGN's Daemon Hatfield called the game "an open world adult theme park". He said that calling it "a good time would be a severe understatement" and praised its method of incentivizing almost every action in the game as "fantastic game design". Hatfield was "addicted" to efficiently expanding his in-game hourly income. GamesRadar's Michael Grimm wrote Saints Row: The Third was nearly surreal, and praised the player-character's running attacks.Referring to the historical comparison between the Saints Row and Grand Theft Auto series, Dan Whitehead of Eurogamer wrote that Grand Theft Auto IV's serious turn let the Saints Row series be a "gleeful silly sandbox game", and noted that Saints Row: The Third was "marketed almost exclusively" based on its wackiness, from the costumes to the sex toy weapons. He felt that the "wacky hijinks" quickly became "predictable and repetitive" and the activities felt "sanitized and generic". Edge wrote that they were "one-off gags". Eurogamer's Whitehead added that the tiger escort Guardian Angel missions appeared to draw from Will Ferrell's Talladega Nights, and that the Prof. Genki's Super Ethical Reality Climax shooting gallery drew from Bizarre Creations' The Club shooter. Eurogamer and PC Gamer both found the game easy.Ryan McCaffrey of Official Xbox Magazine thought that the game resolved some of the problems of open world design and thus allowed for an experience with good times and no filler, such as Burnout-style arrows on the streets instead of hidden in the minimap GPS. He added that this was the game Volition "was born to make". Grimm from GamesRadar similarly praised Volition for their "http://deckers.die" mission, which was "so insanely creative and funny that it single handedly makes the game worth playing". He added that the game's unrealistic driving made the game more fun. IGN's Hatfield was "really won ... over" by his character and both was convinced she cared about her friends and impressed by her voice actress. Whitehead of Eurogamer found Zimos, the pimp who speaks in Autotune, to be the game's best character. Edge found some of the writing "sharp" and executed well by the voice actors. PC Gamer's Tom Senior found the major story missions to be a highlight. Hatfield of IGN thought the single-player game fell apart at the end and called the two endings either "a super downer" or nonsense. He found the cooperative mode easy to set up, but felt like the game's missions were not designed well for multiple players, and that the visiting player became a "third wheel". On the other hand, CBS News's Christina Santiago called the cooperative mode "near perfect" and exemplary.

IGN's Hatfield considered the game's graphics average for the age. He "loved the neon-lit towering skyscrapers of Steelport" but thought the streets were sometimes "lifeless", as the game may be "open world" but not a "living world". Edge added that the city was easy enough to navigate, but that it was missing character. Grimm of GamesRadar said it didn't look bad, but wasn't interesting. Multiple reviewers complained of "pop-in", or of graphical errors. 1UP.com reported the PC version's graphics to be more stable, and Eurogamer's Digital Foundry face-off recommended the PlayStation 3 release for its lack of screen tearing.Eurogamer's Whitehead felt that the game crept closer "from ironic sexism to outright misogyny" in missions such as "Trojan Whores" and set pieces like "Tits n' Grits" and "Stikit Inn", even in the series' "gloriously lowbrow standards". Edge added that intent of humor in the sex trafficking-related mission "The Ho Boat" did not come across well, and seemed to be included only for shock value. Hatfield of IGN related that some of the game's more juvenile aspects made him cringe, and Edge wrote that the game felt "largely meaningless" in response to the desensitizing barrage of "context-free frippery". PC Gamer's Tom Senior said he was almost offended during much of the game but stayed more happy than disgusted, adding that while the game has a "huge purple dildo", it doesn't have the prostitute-killing liberties or "other moments of nastiness" associated with the Grand Theft Auto franchise.Whitehead of Eurogamer wrote in conclusion that the game doesn't propose "anything particularly inventive" and instead ends up with a toy box of gadgets. Edge felt that the game was weakest where it leaned on Grand Theft Auto's precedent without adding a social commentary. Eurogamer's Whitehead added that Saints Row: The Third missed an opportunity to separate from "the GTA formula", which Edge thought was done well in the last third of the game. IGN, however, felt the game was explicitly not a Grand Theft Auto clone, and G4 called it "a knockoff no more".During an interview on the future of THQ in June 2012, its president, Jason Rubin, responded to the interviewer's concerns that Saints Row: The Third was not a game he wanted to play in front of his family by saying that, while he does not consider there to be no place in the company "for a game that features a purple dildo", Volition chose that route because of the limited options and their "environment at the time", and he was looking to push the publisher and its studios to do better.

 Notes 

 References 

General references

 Further reading 

 External links 
 Media related to Saints Row: The Third at Wikimedia Commons

Official website Archived September 19, 2012, at the Wayback Machine

Saint Thomas Choir School
Saint Thomas Choir School is a boarding school located in Manhattan, New York, one of three world-wide that exclusively educate boy treble choristers, while requiring them to board at the school (the other two being Westminster Abbey Choir School in England and Escolania de Montserrat in Spain). 
The school is under the aegis of the nearby Saint Thomas Church (Episcopal), whose choral ensemble, the Saint Thomas Choir of Men and Boys, performs music in the Anglican tradition at worship services, while offering a full concert series during the course of the school year.
Students from age 8 to 14 reside and study at the choir school, a fifteen-story building located at 202 West 58th Street in midtown Manhattan, one block south of Central Park. Since 2005, the school has offered a summer residential Girl Chorister Course.

 History 
Saint Thomas Choir School was founded in 1919 by the vestry of Saint Thomas Church at the urging of English-born composer T. Tertius Noble, the church organist since 1913. The school opened on March 3, 1919 in a four-story building at 123 West 55th Street. A two-story addition, designed by the architect Thomas A. Bell and completed in 1938, expanded the school north to West 56th Street.In 1985, the church vestry transferred title to the school's land and building to property developer Fisher Brothers, who in return built a new school on a 75 foot (23 m) wide lot at 202 West 58th Street. Execution of the project required demolition of the Elysee Theater, used as a television studio since 1955, and as a theatre or cinema since 1926.Designed by the architecture firm Buttrick White & Burtis, the $18 million, 55,000-square-foot (5,100 m2), steel-frame building was clad in red brick, with limestone trim and gray brick accents, rising six stories before stepping back twenty feet, then rising eight more stories to a gabled roof form containing a small chapel illuminated by a large circular window. The principal feature of the lower facade is a three-story window (suggestive of an "oriel"), framed in buff Indiana limestone with red granite accents. The new school opened in September 1987.

 Student life 
Students participate in a liturgical music program while studying academic subjects such as English, science, history, mathematics, Latin, French, music theory, and theology. Students also participate in an athletic program, competing against local private schools in soccer, basketball, and track.
Students are admitted on a rolling basis. The school holds auditions three times a year for boys entering the third, fourth, and fifth grades. Third grade students must live close enough to the school to go home every weekend and return on Sunday evening, a requirement waived for fourth and fifth grade students.

 Other opportunities 
The school offers employment  to students taking a year out between high school and college. They assist in classroom and sports programs, and help in the preparation of the choristers’ instrumental practice. Most gap students have a choral background and an understanding of the daily routine and needs of a choir school. Acceptance is competitive.

 Saint Thomas Choir 
Currently (2023) directed by Jeremy Filsell, the choir performs regularly with the period instrument ensemble Concert Royal, and with the Orchestra of St. Luke's, as part of its own concert
series. The  choir's primary raison d'être, however, is to provide music for five choral services each week at Saint Thomas Church. Whereas the men of the Saint Thomas Choir are professional singers, the boy choristers are students from the Saint Thomas Choir School.In addition to annual performances of Handel's Messiah, concerts at Saint Thomas Church have included
requiems by Fauré, Brahms, Mozart, Duruflé, and Howells; Bach's Passions and Mass in B Minor; the
Monteverdi Vespers of 1610; a Henry Purcell anniversary concert; Rachmaninoff Vespers; the U.S.
premiere of John Tavener's Mass; a concert of American composers featuring works by Leonard Bernstein and Aaron Copland; a composition by Saint Thomas chorister Daniel Castellanos; the world premiere of Scott
Eyerly's Spires; and a concert of works by Benjamin Britten.
The choir has toured throughout the U.S. and Europe, performing at Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's Cathedral in London; Kings College, Cambridge; Windsor; Edinburgh; St. Albans; and at the Aldeburgh Festival. In 2004, the choir toured Italy and performed at a Papal Mass at the Vatican. In 2007, the choir performed Bach's Saint Matthew Passion for the opening concert of the Mexico Festival in Mexico City as well as at Saint Thomas Church. In February 2012, the boys of the choir traveled to Dresden to give the premiere of Lera Auerbach's Dresden Requiem with the Dresden Staatskapelle at the Frauenkirche and at the Semperoper. Later in 2012, the choir performed in the Thomaskirche at the Bachfest Leipzig, a highlight of their tour to Germany and Copenhagen.

 Head staff 
Headmasters of the Choir SchoolClarence Jack Smith, 1919
Raymond Wallace Gauger, 1920–1922
Herbert H. Hannan, 1923–1925
Clair J. Smith, 1926–1927
Charles Mead Benham, 1928–1942
The Rev. James O. Carson Jr, 1943–1944
Leon D. Phillips, 1945–1949
Henry B. Roney Jr, 1950–1955
Robert Porter, 1955–1966
Gordon H. Clem, 1967–1995
Murray Lawrence, 1995–1997
Gordon Roland-Adams, 1997–2004
The Rev. Charles Wallace, 2004–2019
Amalia Francisco (Interim), 2020–2021
Christopher Seeley, 2021–presentOrganists and ChoirmastersT. Tertius Noble, 1913–1940
T. Frederick Candlyn, 1940–1954
William Self, 1954–1971
Gerre Hancock, 1971–2004Organists and Directors of MusicJohn Scott, 2004–2015
Daniel Hyde, 2016–2019
Jeremy Filsell, 2019–present

 Notable alumni 
Kit Culkin, actor
John Hine Mundy, British-American medievalist, professor at Columbia University
Steve Sandvoss, actor
Gunther Schuller, jazz and classical composer
Dave Noll, creator of Chopped
Chris Wylde, actor

 See also 
Escolania de Montserrat, a boarding school for choristers in Spain
Westminster Abbey Choir School, another school for choristers in England
Saint Thomas Church (Manhattan)

 References 

 External links 
Saint Thomas Choir School
Saint Thomas Church
Live webcasts of all choral services and further information, including recordings of the choir

Felipe VI
Felipe VI (Spanish: [feˈlipe ˈseɣsto]; Felipe Juan Pablo Alfonso de Todos los Santos de Borbón y Grecia; born 30 January 1968) is King of Spain. In accordance with the Spanish Constitution, as monarch, he is head of state and commander-in-chief of the Spanish Armed Forces, holding the military rank of Captain General, and also plays the role of the supreme representation of Spain in international relations.Felipe was born in Madrid during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco as the third child and only son of Prince Juan Carlos of Spain and Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark. Felipe was officially created Prince of Asturias in 1977, two years after his father became king. Felipe was formally proclaimed as prince in 1986. He was also made honorary soldier of the Spanish Army at the age of 9. Felipe was educated at Santa María de los Rosales School and went to Lakefield College School in Canada. Later, he studied law at the Autonomous University of Madrid and he obtained a Master of Science in Foreign Service degree from the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
To prepare his role as future commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces, Felipe joined the Spanish Army in 1985. During the next two years, he completed his military formation at the Navy and Air Force. After completing his civil and military studies, he undertook official duties representing his father in different social and institutional events, such as chairing charity foundations or attending inauguration of Latin American leaders. At one of these events with the press, Felipe met TV news journalist Letizia Ortiz Rocasolano, whom he married in 2004. They have two daughters, Leonor, Princess of Asturias, and Infanta Sofía.
Felipe ascended the throne on 19 June 2014 upon the abdication of his father. His reign has been marked by his dissolution of the Spanish Parliament in 2016 (so that new elections could be called), strong condemnation of the Catalan independence referendum that led to the 2017–18 Spanish constitutional crisis, the COVID-19 pandemic, and moves towards greater transparency in royal affairs. According to a poll conducted in 2020, Felipe has moderately high approval ratings.

 Early life and family 
Felipe was born at 12:45 (CET) on 30 January 1968, at Our Lady of Loreto Hospital at Madrid, being the third child and only son of Prince Juan Carlos of Spain and Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark. He was baptized on 8 February 1968 at the Palace of Zarzuela by the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Madrid, Casimiro Morcillo, with water from the Jordan River. His full baptismal name, Felipe Juan Pablo Alfonso de Todos los Santos, consists of the names of the first Bourbon king of Spain (Felipe V), his grandfathers (Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona, and King Paul of Greece), his great-grandfather Alfonso XIII of Spain, and de Todos los Santos ("of all the Saints") as is customary among the Bourbons. His godparents were his paternal grandfather, the Count of Barcelona, and his paternal great-grandmother, Queen Victoria Eugenie. Additionally, he is the third cousin once removed of King Harald V of Norway, Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, and King Carl XVI Gustav of Sweden, and second cousin once removed of King Charles III of the United Kingdom.
Shortly after his birth Felipe was styled infante. The dictator Francisco Franco died just over two months before Felipe's eighth birthday, and Felipe's father ascended the throne, as the latter had been appointed as Prince of Spain back in 1969. In his first official appearance, Felipe attended his father's proclamation as king on 22 November 1975.

 Prince of Asturias 
In 1977, Felipe was formally proclaimed Prince of Asturias. In May, nine-year-old Felipe was made an honorary soldier of the 1st King's Inmemorial Infantry Regiment. The occasion was marked on 28 May and was attended by the king, the prime minister and several other ministers in a ceremony at the infantry's barracks. On 1 November the same year, he was ceremoniously paid homage as Prince of Asturias in Covadonga. In 1981 Felipe received the Collar of the Order of the Golden Fleece from his father, the Chief and Sovereign of the Order. On his 18th birthday on 30 January 1986, Felipe swore allegiance to the Constitution and to the King in the Spanish Parliament as required by the constitution, fully accepting his role as successor to the Crown.

 Education and military training 
Felipe attended school at Santa María de los Rosales, which his daughters both attended. Felipe attended high school at Lakefield College School in Ontario, Canada, and studied at the Autonomous University of Madrid, where he graduated with a degree in law; he also completed several courses in economics. He completed his academic studies by obtaining a Master of Science in Foreign Service degree from the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., where he was the roommate of his cousin, Crown Prince Pavlos of Greece.As the heir to the throne, a carefully regulated and structured plan was laid out for Felipe's military training. In August 1985, a Royal Decree named Felipe as officer at the General Military Academy in Zaragoza. He began his military training there in September. He completed the first phase of his formation in October. In July 1986, he was promoted to Cadet 2nd Lieutenant. He was also named as Midshipman. In September 1986, he began his naval training at the Naval Military Academy in Marin (Pontevedra), joining the Third Brigade. In January 1987, he continued his naval training on board the training ship Juan Sebastián Elcano.
In July, he was named as Student Ensign at the General Air Academy in Murcia. In September 1987, he began his air force training there where he learned to fly aircraft. In 1989, he was promoted to lieutenant in the Army, ensign in the Navy, and lieutenant in the Air Force. In 1992, he was promoted to captain in the Air Force. In 1993, he was promoted to lieutenant in the Navy and captain in the Infantry of the Army.Further promotions in 2000 were commandant in the Army, corvette captain in the Navy, and commandant in the Air Force. Promotions in 2009 were lieutenant colonel in the Army, frigate captain in the Navy, and lieutenant colonel in the Air Force.
Since 19 June 2014, after his ascension to the throne, he acquired the rank of Captain General (Commander-in-chief) of all the Spanish armies (Army, Navy and Air Force). During the 2016 Pascua Militar, the Chief of the Defence Staff, Fernando García Sánchez, on behalf of the Armed Forces, gifted the monarch with a personalized command baton, which symbolizes the loyalty of the armies to the king and the command he has over them. The piece, made by some jewelers from León, is made of cherry wood and the tips are adorned with silver pieces.Felipe speaks Spanish, Catalan, French, English and some Greek.

 Participation in the Olympics 
Felipe was a member of the Spanish Olympic sailing team at the 1992 Summer Olympics held in Barcelona. Felipe took part in the opening ceremony as the Spanish team's flag bearer. The Spanish crew finished in sixth place in the Soling class and obtained an Olympic diploma. He is an honorary member of the International Soling Association.  Both his mother and uncle, King Constantine II of Greece, were on the Greek sailing team at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome (his mother as a substitute), and Felipe's father and sister were also Olympic sailors for Spain.

 Marriage and children 

Felipe's bachelor years were a source of interest to the Spanish press for several years. His name was linked with several eligible women, but only two notable girlfriends: Spanish noblewoman Isabel Sartorius, around 1989 to 1991, daughter of the Marquess of Mariño, who was viewed unfavorably by the Royal Family due to her mother's cocaine addiction, and Norwegian model Eva Sannum, who modeled underwear.Although there were some engagement rumors in the previous weeks, on 31 October 2003, a TV program called Con T de Tarde announced unexpectedly that the Prince of Asturias was dating Letizia Ortiz Rocasolano, a television journalist who had been married previously. The following day, the Royal Household made official their engagement. According to the Royal House, they met in late 2002. The official hand petition was made on 6 November 2003 at the Royal Palace of El Pardo. Felipe proposed with a 16-carat diamond engagement ring with a white gold trim and gifted her with a pearl and sapphire necklace. Ortiz marked the occasion by giving him white gold and sapphire cufflinks and a classic book, El doncel de don Enrique el doliente by Mariano José de Larra.The wedding, which was officiated by the archbishop of Madrid and president of the Spanish Episcopal Conference, Antonio María Rouco Varela, took place on the morning of 22 May 2004 in the Almudena Cathedral, with representatives of royal families from all over the world and most heads of state from Latin America present. In Spain alone, the royal wedding was watched by more than 25 million viewers, the most watched television event in the history of Spanish television.Felipe and Letizia have two daughters: Leonor, Princess of Asturias (born 31 October 2005) and Infanta Sofía (born 29 April 2007). Both were born at Ruber International Hospital in Madrid.

 Activities in Spain and abroad 
Felipe undertook his constitutional duties as heir to the throne, hosting many official events in Spain and participating in all events of different sectors and aspects of Spanish public life. Since October 1995, Felipe has represented the Crown on a series of official visits to the Spanish regions, starting with Valencia. Felipe has held regular meetings with constitutional bodies and state institutions keeping up-to-date with their activities. He also attends meetings of the various bodies of the General State Administration and of the Autonomous Communities Administrations as required by his national and international constitutional obligations. In particular, he has held meetings with people of his generation who have built successful careers in political, economic, cultural and media circles. As part of his military training, Felipe trained as a military helicopter pilot. On occasions when King Juan Carlos I was unable to attend, Felipe presided over the annual presentation of dispatches to officers and non-commissioned officers in the Armed Forces as well as participating in military exercises held by the three Armed Services.
Since January 1996, Felipe has represented the Spain at many Latin American presidents' inauguration ceremonies. As Prince, he visited every country in Latin America except Cuba, which he visited as King in 11–14 November 2019. He made over 200 foreign trips in total.Felipe has also played an active role in promoting Spain's economic, commercial and cultural interests and the Spanish language abroad. He frequently represents Spain at world economic and trade events (e.g. Expotecnia, Expoconsumo, and Expohabitat), and is especially interested in promoting the creation of Centres and University Chairs to advance the study of Spain both historically and in the present-day at major foreign universities.
Following the March 2004 Madrid bombings, Felipe, along with his sisters Elena and Cristina, took part in a public demonstration.

 Social activities 
In addition to his official activities, Felipe serves as honorary president of several associations and foundations, such as the Codespa Foundation, which finances economic and social development in Ibero-America and other countries, and the Spanish branch of the Association of European Journalists, comprising outstanding communications professionals. Most noteworthy is the Prince of Asturias Foundation, where he presides annually at the international awards ceremony of the highly prestigious Princess of Asturias Awards (formerly the Prince of Asturias Awards).Felipe was appointed a "UN-Eminent Person" by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan in 2001, during its International Year of Volunteers, and continues to make contributions internationally towards enhancing the importance of voluntary work.
Felipe is a member of the Sons of the American Revolution due to his patriot ancestor Charles III of Spain. Later in 2019, as King, he received the World Peace & Liberty Award from the World Jurist Association at the World Law Congress in Madrid.

 Reign 

 Accession 
On 2 June 2014, King Juan Carlos announced his intent to abdicate in Felipe's favor. As required by the Constitution of Spain, the Council of Ministers began deliberations the following day on an organic law to give effect to the abdication. The law had to be passed by a majority of all members of the Congress of Deputies, the lower house of the Cortes Generales. According to Jesús Posada, the president of the Congress of Deputies, Felipe could have been proclaimed king as early as 18 June. On 4 June, El País of Madrid reported that Felipe would indeed be proclaimed king on 18 June.Felipe ascended the throne at the stroke of midnight on 19 June; his father had given his sanction to the organic law effecting his abdication just hours earlier. The next morning, after receiving the Captain General's sash from his father (symbolizing the transfer of royal and military power), he was formally sworn in and proclaimed king in a low-key ceremony held in the Cortes. He swore to uphold the Constitution before formally being proclaimed king by Posada. Upon his accession, he became the youngest monarch in Europe, being nine months younger than King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands.

As king, Felipe has fairly extensive reserve powers on paper. He is the guardian of the Constitution and is responsible for ensuring it is obeyed and followed. It was expected that he would follow his father's practice of taking a mostly ceremonial and representative role, acting largely on the advice of the government. He indicated as much in a speech to the Cortes on the day of his enthronement, saying that he would be "a loyal head of state who is ready to listen and understand, warn and advise as well as to defend the public interest at all times". While he is nominally chief executive, he is not politically responsible for exercising his powers. Per the Constitution, his acts are not valid unless countersigned by a minister, who then assumes political responsibility for the act in question.
A poll conducted by El País, however, indicates that a majority of Spaniards wish Felipe would play a greater role in politics, with 75% of the 600 people surveyed stating they would approve if he personally pushed the political parties to reach agreements on national problems. According to an El Mundo newspaper poll, Felipe had a greater approval than his father prior to his reign.On 23 June 2014, he appointed his private secretary since 1995, Jaime Alfonsín, as Private Secretary to the King. Two days later, he also appointed José Manuel de Zuleta y Alejandro, 14th duke of Abrantes, as Private Secretary to the Queen.On 18 July, the new king chaired his first meeting of the Council of Ministers.

 Household reforms 
During his ascension speech, Felipe pledged a "renewed monarchy for a new time". A few days later after this, Felipe and Letizia became the first Spanish monarchs to receive and recognize LGBT organisations at the Palace. Felipe also changed the protocol in order to allow people to take the oath of office without a crucifix or Bible. This did not mean, in any way, a change in his relations with the Catholic Church or religion, in fact, on their first overseas trip as king and queen, Felipe VI and Letizia met Pope Francis in the Apostolic Palace on 30 June 2014. They subsequently met with Cardinal Secretary of State Pietro Parolin and Under-Secretary for Relations with States Antoine Camilleri. The visit followed one by King Juan Carlos I and Queen Sofía on 28 April.
The king also established a difference between the royal family and the King's family, leaving his sisters and their descendants outside the royal family and, therefore, not carrying out institutional representation of the Crown (although they do it occasionally). In July 2014, the king banned the royal family from working outside the Royal Household and he established an external audit made by the Office of the Comptroller General of the State.Following orders from the king, since 1 January 2015, the Spanish royal family cannot accept "expensive gifts" when "they exceed social or courtesy uses". In February 2015, Felipe announced he would cut his annual salary by 20% as a result of the economic recession and hardships continuing to hamper Spain.In June 2015, Felipe VI stripped his sister, Infanta Cristina, of her royal title of Duchess of Palma de Mallorca, after the tax fraud allegations surrounding her and her husband, Iñaki Urdangarín. While her husband was eventually sentenced to six years in prison, she was acquitted of all charges.In 2017, the Crown opened for the first time the gardens of the royal family's vacation palace, the Marivent Palace, at the request of the regional government of the Balearic Islands. The public can enjoy the gardens as long as the royal family is not there.On February 2024, the king appointed a new Private Secretary, diplomat Camilo Villarino, at that time Head of the Cabinet of the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Josep Borrell. Villarino replaced Jaime Alfonsín, private secretary to Felipe for almost 30 years, both as prince and king. Alfonsin remains in the Household as private counselor.

 2020 royal finances controversy 
On 15 March 2020, following the revelation in The Telegraph that Felipe VI appeared as second beneficiary (after his father) of the Lucum Foundation, the entity on the receiving end of a €65 million donation by Abdullah bin Abdulaziz, King of Saudi Arabia, the Royal Household issued a statement declaring (a) that Felipe VI would renounce any inheritance from his father to which he could be entitled, and (b) that Juan Carlos would lose his public stipend from the part of the General State Budget dedicated to the Royal Household. The renunciation of the inheritance is a mere declaration of intent, since the Spanish Civil Code prevents accepting or rejecting an inheritance until the death of the person who bequeaths takes place. The Royal Household also implied that Felipe VI already had prior knowledge of the Lucum Foundation and his condition as beneficiary of the latter since April 2019.After this controversy, in April 2022 the Council of Ministers approved a Royal Decree elaborated by the Royal Household that puts the King's house completely under the 2013 Transparency Act and the 2015 Senior Officials Act. This implies, on the one hand, a greater control of the Crown's finances, since the Court of Auditors will be able to audit its accounts; on the other hand, the disclosure of the wealth of the king and of the senior officials of the Household.On 25 April 2022, in a move towards greater transparency, Felipe VI made public his personal assets for the first time, revealing them to be valued at 2.6 million euros (US$2.8 million). The Spanish royal palace stated that his wealth is in savings, current accounts and securities, as well as art, antiques and jewelry; and that he has no real estate or financial dealings abroad. It also noted that Felipe VI had paid tax on all his financial earnings. This amount makes him one of the least wealthy monarchs in the world, despite previous estimates of his father Juan Carlos I's wealth being estimated between $2–2.3 billion.

 National politics 

 Dissolution of Parliament 
The elections in 2015 resulted in no party winning enough seats to form a government. No agreements with the different parties were successful. After months of talks with the different party leaders, and with there being no apparent candidate in a position of support in forming a government, the king issued a royal decree dissolving parliament with new elections being called in June. This marked the first time since the transition to democracy that an election was called under Article 99.5 of the Constitution, wherein the initiative for issuing the dissolution of the Cortes belonged to the King and not to the Prime Minister.After the second elections, some socialist MPs abstained in order to make it easy for the conservative prime minister, Mariano Rajoy, to form a new government. The king swore in the new cabinet on 4 November 2016.

 Catalan independence referendum 

On 3 October 2017, as huge protest rallies and a general strike took place in Catalonia following the 2017 Catalan independence referendum that was deemed illegal by Spanish authorities, Felipe delivered an unusually strongly worded televised address, watched by more than 12 million people across the country, in which he condemned the actions of the referendum organizers for acting "outside the law", accusing them of "unacceptable disloyalty" and of "eroding the harmony and co-existence within Catalan society itself". He also warned the referendum could put the economy of the entire north-east region of Spain at risk.Reactions to Felipe's speech were mixed. Party officials from the PP, PSOE and Ciudadanos acclaimed the King's "commitment to legality" and the "defense of the Constitution, the [regional] Statute, the rule of law and the territorial integrity of Spain", whereas leaders from Unidos Podemos and Catalunya en Comú criticized it as "as unworthy as it was irresponsible", paving the way for a harsh intervention of the Catalan autonomy. However, some PSOE leaders were upset that the King had not made any call to understanding or dialogue between the Spanish and Catalan governments.After the speech, where Felipe ordered the "legitimate powers of the State" to ensure "constitutional order", the Spanish government started the process to apply article 155 of the Constitution, which gives special powers to the central government to intervene in a Spanish region. On 27 October 2017, the Spanish Senate approved government proposal to impose direct rule in the region with the support of conservative and socialist votes. The Spanish government dismissed all Catalan authorities, dissolved the regional parliament and called for early elections in 2017.

 Conservative government fall and political instability 
 In May 2018, the Audiencia Nacional issued a ruling finding the ruling party, People's Party, guilty as beneficiary of some corruption cases. The left-wing opposition, led by socialist Pedro Sánchez, called for a vote of no confidence against the conservative prime minister. The Congress of Deputies approved the motion on 1 June 2018, and the King appointed Sánchez as new prime minister on June 2. The socialist minority government lasted for a year and a half, and fell in February 2019 after the government failed to pass the budget.Although the Socialists won the April 2019 general election, the political scenario was left wide open. The socialist prime minister refused to agree with the leaders of left-wing populist Podemos, and the King dissolved Parliament. The November general election had the same result as in April, so the prime minister agreed to a coalition. Felipe swore in the new coalition cabinet on 13 January 2020.

 COVID-19 pandemic 
On 18 March 2020, a widespread cacerolada from the balconies of some cities across Spain took place, in an attempt to counter-program the TV discourse of Felipe VI on the COVID-19 pandemic in that country. The intent was to force Juan Carlos I to donate to public healthcare the €100M he had allegedly obtained through kickbacks from Saudi Arabia, which was ultimately dismissed. Despite the attempt to boycott the speech, it was seen by more than 15 million citizens, making it the most watched speech by a monarch in the history of Spain. In July, he led a memorial paying tribute to victims of the pandemic at the Royal Palace.In December 2021, Felipe VI warned against virus complacency during the pandemic, stating that “the risk has not disappeared.”In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, King Felipe had to isolate himself in quarantine for testing positive for coronavirus on several occasions between 2020 and 2022. While he was isolated, Queen Letizia replaced him in those events for which she was constitutionally authorized (awards delivery, lunches, event openings, etc.) but not in those activities tightly related to constitutional responsibilities (such as the working meeting with the president of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Željko Komšić, in 2022, which had to be postponed).

 2023 conservative victories and Sánchez re-election 
The coalition government formed in 2020 led to almost a complete legislature of stability, however, in May 2023, local and regional elections were held. The result of these elections could not have been worse for the government; although the Socialist Party held up well, losing just 400,000 votes compared to the 2019 regional and local elections, the parties to its left collapsed and, in many regions and cities, disappeared, causing the Socialists to lose most of its regional and local power.
After this disastrous result, the socialist prime minister, Pedro Sánchez, requested the king to dissolve Parliament and call early elections with the aim of "clarifying the [will of the] Spanish people about the political forces that should lead this new phase and the policies to be applied". As happened in the regional and local elections, the People's Party led by Alberto Núñez Feijóo won the election, but he fell short of a majority to form a new conservative government. In general, this was considered a victory for Sánchez, who still had a chance to renew its coalition government.After meeting with political parties represented in parliament, and after verifying that neither Sánchez nor Núñez Feijóo had a sufficient majority to form a government, on 22 August 2023 the king asked the winner of the elections, Alberto Núñez Feijóo, to form a government. As expected, Núñez Feijóo failed to gather enough support to govern and the Congress of Deputies rejected his candidacy. Following new meetings with political parties on early October, the king nominated acting prime minister Pedro Sánchez. After obtaining the support of Sumar and the pro-independence and regionalist political parties, the Congress of Deputies re-elected Sánchez on 16 November 2023 and the king swore in the new cabinet on 21 November 2023.

 Sports 
Felipe is a huge fans of sports and has attended hundreds of sports events since 1976, when he accompanied his father to a match between Real Madrid and Atlético de Madrid at the 1976 Copa del Generalísimo final. At the end of the event, when asked by journalist about his favourite team, he said Atlético de Madrid. He is also the club's honorary president since 2003. Besides football, he loves to practice skiing, squash and sailing.As King of Spain, most of the sports has a tournament in his honor Copa del Rey (English: King's Cup), which he normally attends and deliver the trophy to the winner. Also, since the reign of Alfonso XIII (1886–1931), the King exercises high patronage over the sports federations. Most of them hold the title of "royal" granted by the ruling monarch; the latest federation to receive this honor was the Rugby Federation in 2023.It is also common for him to attend international sporting events in which Spanish clubs or Spanish national teams participate. If he cannot attend, it is common for him to be replaced by a member of the royal family, such as Leonor, Princess of Asturias and Infanta Sofía in the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 or Queen Letizia in the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup final.

 2017 terrorist attacks 

 International agenda 
Since his proclamation as king on 19 June 2014, Felipe VI has visited, as of January 2024, 53 sovereign countries on four continents, in 115 official visits abroad (The number of countries includes Puerto Rico, which has the status of "Commonwealth of the United States"). The first international trip was to the Vatican City on 30 June 2014, to meet with the Pope. The last one was to Guatemala City, Guatemala, on 13–14 January 2024, to attend the inauguration of Bernardo Arévalo as president of Guatemala.Most of his visits have been to European countries (19 countries in 63 visits), followed by American countries (18 countries in 32 visits), Asian (12 countries in 15 visits) and African (4 countries in 5 visits). He has never visited an Oceanian country as a king; as prince of Asturias, he visited Australia and New Zealand in 1990.

 Ibero-America 
Like his father did, Felipe VI has maintained an important presence and influence in the countries of Latin America, Portugal and Brazil. As King of Spain, he represents Spain in all the Ibero-American Summits, normally calling for the "unity" of the region and the strengthening of relations with Spain and the European Union. In this sense, Spain is also the main contributor to the Ibero-American General Secretariat, headquartered in Madrid. This organization is mainly financed by Spain, with more than 60 per cent of the budget as of 2016. Felipe VI has attended all the summits since he ascended the throne. For the 2021 Ibero-American summit in Andorra la Vella, Felipe became the first Spanish monarch to visit neighbouring Andorra, a principality whose co-prince is the Spanish Bishop of Urgell.Also, as he did as prince of Asturias, Felipe has kept the tradition of attending the inauguration of Latin American leaders. As of January 2024, he has attended more than 80 presidential inaugurations.

 Portugal 
During the reign of Felipe VI, good relations between Spain and Portugal have continued. After his visit to the Vatican, Felipe dedicated his second foreign visit to Portugal, in July 2015. There, he met with President Aníbal Cavaco Silva and Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho, and stated that the relationship between the two countries was "not only the relationship of good neighbors, but of brother countries" and remembered that his grandfather, Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona, chose Portugal to live while in exile. He also made it clear that he intended to keep the good relationship between the neighbor countries.After the election of Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa as new president of Portugal, he made his first official visit to a foreign country to Spain in March 2016. The king, who had attended the inauguration of Rebelo de Sousa early that month, and the Portuguese leader, had established a very good relationship, being described as a true friendship. In addition to courtesy and institutional visits, it is very common to see both leaders in each other's countries as well as attending various events led by the other. Examples of this good relationship are the support that the Portuguese president gave to the king when the monarch was awarded with the Peace and Freedom Award from the World Association of Jurists in 2018, the private visit that Rebelo de Sousa made to Spain in 2020 to visit the Prado Museum and having a private lunch with the monarch at Zarzuela Palace, as well as in 2021, when they were seen eating on a public terrace near the Royal Palace of Madrid.

 Cuba 
From 11 to 14 November 2019, on the occasion of the 500th anniversary of the founding of the city of Havana by the Spanish, Felipe and Letizia made a state visit to Cuba. This was the fifth royal visit to the island after Infanta Eulalia, Duchess of Galliera in 1893, Infante Alfonso, Count of Covadonga in 1937, Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona in 1948 and King Juan Carlos in 1999. However, King Felipe's visit was the first state visit in history. The visit was harshly criticized by the conservative opposition, as well as by the Cuban opposition and human rights associations which considered the visit a legitimization the regime.The Spanish monarchs, who were greeted with cheers by the Cubans, were also welcomed by Cuban president Miguel Díaz-Canel and his wife, Lis Cuesta Peraza. After signing some cooperation agreements and receiving the baton of the city, the royal couple walked through the streets of the Cuban capital and visit the most relevant monuments and buildings. The next day, King Felipe awarded Eusebio Leal with the Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III, a relevant Cuban historian who already held the grand crosses of the orders of Alfonso X, the Wise and Isabella the Catholic.
To conclude the trip, the monarchs traveled to Santiago de Cuba and visited the Castillo de San Pedro de la Roca, where they paid homage to the fallen in the Cuban War of Independence (1895–1898) and Spanish–American War of 1898.

 Mexico 
Felipe has had a good relationship with Mexico, coinciding in his first years of reign with president Enrique Peña Nieto, who favored this relationships. Felipe made a state visit to the North American country in 2015. However, things got worse with the rise to power of Andrés Manuel López Obrador. López Obrador was inaugurated as Mexican president in December 2018, an inauguration attended by the King, and from the beginning, the Mexican president showed rejection of what Spain and its companies represented.
At the beginning of 2019, the Mexican president asked Felipe VI for an apology on behalf of the Crown and of Spain for the events that occurred during the Spanish conquest of the Americas. The Royal Household did not respond to this request, forwarding the letter from the Mexican president to the Government. In a release, the Spanish government "firmly rejected" López Obrador's arguments and encouraged both governments to "work together" to "intensify the already existing relations of friendship and cooperation". This request for an apology and the criticism for not answering has been reiterated by the Mexican president on various occasions between 2020 and 2022.After this incident, neither the Royal Family nor the King's Household have spoken about the issue or intervened in any way in the relations between Spain and Mexico, leaving it in the hands of the Government.

 Gibraltar 

As King of Spain, Felipe has defended the historic claim of Spain over Gribraltar. In September 2014, he addressed the United Nations General Assembly for the first time and, although he made some reference to the territorial integrity of the states, he did not directly mentioned Gibraltar.Two years later, in another speech at the UN General Assembly podium, the king referred to Gibraltar as the "only existing colony in European territory" and he invited the UK to "put an end to this anachronism with a agreed solution between our two countries that restores the territorial integrity of Spain and is beneficial for the population of the colony and Campo de Gibraltar".The last time the King mentioned the Gibraltar dispute was on his state visit to the United Kingdom.

 State trip to the UK 
From 12 to 14 July 2017, the King and Queen of Spain made a state visit to the United Kingdom, which had been postponed twice: the first in March 2016, due to the political crisis in Spain and the second in May 2017, due to the advancement of the British elections.
On Wednesday morning the 12th, Charles, Prince of Wales, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, came to receive the King and Queen. From there, they proceeded to Horse Guards Parade, where they were officially received by Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, with military honours and ordnance salutes. The hymns of the two countries were played and the King reviewed the Guard formed there. Next, they moved to Buckingham Palace where they visited the Picture Gallery. In the afternoon Felipe went to the Parliament of the United Kingdom where he addressed a few words at the joint session and held an informal meeting with the leader of the Labour opposition, Jeremy Corbyn. During his speech before parliament, he mentioned the status of Gibraltar, saying that “I am certain that this resolve to overcome our differences will be even greater in the case of Gibraltar, and I am confident that through the necessary dialogue and effort our two governments will be able to work towards arrangements that are acceptable to all involved”. In the evening, the State Dinner, hosted by Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip in honor of the King and Queen of Spain, took place in the Gala Hall of Buckingham Palace.
On Thursday the 13th, there was a Spanish-British business meeting (UK-SPAIN Business Forum) at Mansion House, with the presence of the Mayor of the City of London, Andrew Parmley, and an important business delegation from both countries. Later, the party moved to Westminster Abbey accompanied by Prince Harry. There, the King made an offering at the tomb of the unknown soldier. At mid-morning, they went to the Spanish Embassy in London, in which they received representatives of the Spanish community residing in the English capital and where, previously, they had held a brief meeting with the families of Ignacio Echeverría and Aysha Frade, murdered in the terrorist attacks in London. Later, the King moved to 10 Downing Street, where he had a working lunch with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Theresa May, in which they discussed matters of bilateral interest. Thursday's day was completed with a gala dinner offered by the Mayor of London in honor of the King and Queen, at Guildhall.
On Friday the 14th, Felipe and Letizia were officially bid farewell by Elizabeth and Philip, at the gates of Buckingham Palace. Subsequently, Felipe and Letizia moved to the Francis Crick Institute, a biomedical research center that houses the largest individual biomedical laboratory in Europe. Later they went to Oxford to visit the Weston Library, where they were shown a manuscript of the Codex Mendoza, they saw a copy of a Ptolemy, with the coat of arms of the Catholic Monarchs and an original copy of a first edition of Don Quixote. At noon, Oxford University hosted a luncheon in his honour. To conclude, they held a meeting at Exeter College with representatives of the university's academic community, including professors, postgraduate students and doctoral students linked to Spain.

 Jews 
Felipe, like his father before him, has supported the initiatives of Spanish institutions to normalize relations with the Jewish people and religion. In 1990, he awarded the Sephardic Jews communities with the Prince of Asturias Award.In December 2015, the King hosted a solemn ceremony in the Royal Palace to celebrate the approval by the Cortes and the subsequent sanction by the Sovereign of the law that granted Spanish nationality to the Sephardic Jews expelled from Spain in 1492 due to the Alhambra Decree. At his speech, Felipe thanked the Sephardic Jews for preserving their language, Ladino, and for teaching their own children “to love this Spanish homeland". He also welcomed them "back home", adding that they had "returned home forever." The Jewish associations thanked the gesture, declaring that they were no longer "Spaniards without a homeland."In January 2020, the King attended to the Fifth World Holocaust Forum at Jerusalem. Felipe, who holds the title of King of Jerusalem as one of the historic titles of the Spanish crown, was the only international leader to speak at the opening dinner. In his speech, he stated that "there is no room for indifference in the face of racism, xenophobia, hatred and antisemitism" and that "forgetting the Holocaust would be extremely dangerous and an utter disrespect to the memory of the victims.”On 9 October 2023, King Felipe condemned "with all the firmness" the terrorist attacks against Israel, called for "doing everything possible to avoid greater suffering, destruction, hopelessness and the loss of more human lives" and affirmed that Spain "remains faithful to its commitment to peace and stability in the region". Later that month, during the 2023 Princess of Asturias Awards ceremony, Felipe referred to the ongoing conflict asking for unity to resolve it and remembered that in 1994, Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat received the Prince of Asturias Award for International Cooperation for their "effort to create conditions of peace in the region" after the Madrid Conference of 1991 and the 1994 Oslo I Accord. On 11 January 2024, the King, in a meeting with the diplomatic corps in Spain, again condemned the terrorist attack, called for the release of the hostages and defended the "establishment of the Palestinian State next to Israel" to stop the "cycle of violence".

 Titles, styles and arms 

 Titles and styles 

Juan Carlos became King in late November 1975, but no title was conferred on Felipe as heir apparent until 1977, when he was created Prince of Asturias, the traditional title normally held by the heir to the Spanish throne. The royal decree granting him this title also entitled him to use "the other historical titles corresponding to the heir of the Crown". Felipe started using the Aragonese title of Prince of Girona publicly on 21 April 1990, during a trip around Aragon, Catalonia and Valencia, becoming the first Bourbon to use this title.Upon ascending the throne, Felipe assumed the same titles held by his father. If the former Kingdoms of Aragon and Navarre had separate naming styles, he would also be known as Felipe V of Aragon and Felipe VIII of Navarre along with Felipe VI of Castile.

 Arms 

As heir to the Spanish throne, Felipe's arms were the Spanish coat of arms with a label of three points azure (blue). The first quarter represents Castile, the second León, the third Aragon, and the fourth Navarre; below are the arms of Granada. In the centre, on an inescutcheon, were the ancestral arms of the sovereign House of Bourbon-Anjou. Surrounding the shield was the collar of the Order of the Golden Fleece and surmounting it was the heraldic crown of the heir to the throne, decorated with four half-arches.
Following his accession to the throne, the label on his arms was removed and the crown of the heir was changed to that of the monarch's (eight half-arches instead of four). These arms differ from those of his father's as king, as they omit the Cross of Burgundy, the yoke, and the sheaf of five arrows.

 Ancestry 

 See also 
History of Spain
Politics of Spain
Line of succession to the Spanish throne
List of honours of the Spanish royal family by country
List of state visits received by Felipe VI
List of titles and honors of the Spanish Crown
Princess of Asturias Awards

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Profile on the official website of the Spanish Monarchy (in Spanish)
Princess of Asturias Foundation
Biography by CIDOB (in Spanish)
Prince of Asturias taking the oath as heir, 1986 by RTVE
Felipe taking the oath during his proclamation as king, 2014 by RTVE
Felipe VI at Olympedia

Neri Oxman
Neri Oxman (Hebrew: נרי אוקסמן; born February 6, 1976) is an Israeli-American designer and professor known for art and architecture that combines design, biology, computing, and materials engineering. She coined the phrase "material ecology" to define her work.Oxman was a Professor of Media Arts and Sciences at the MIT Media Lab, where she founded and led the Mediated Matter research group. She has had exhibitions at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), Boston's Museum of Science, SFMOMA, and the Centre Pompidou, which have her works in their permanent collections.Many of Oxman's projects use new platforms and techniques for 3D printing and fabrication, often in incorporating nature and biology. They include co-fabrication systems for building hybrid structures with silkworms, bees, and ants; a water-based fabrication platform that built structures such as Aguahoja out of chitosan; and the first 3D printer for optically transparent glass. Other projects have printed clothing, wearables, and structural elements.

 Early life and education 
Neri Oxman was born in Haifa, Israel, the daughter of architecture professors Robert and Rivka Oxman. Her sister Keren is an artist. Oxman grew up in Israel, spending time in her parents' architecture studio and at her grandmother's house.After graduating from the Hebrew Reali School in Haifa in 1993, she served two years in the Israeli Air Force, reaching the rank of first lieutenant. Following her military service, she attended Hebrew University's Hadassah Medical School for two years before switching to architecture. She began her architectural studies at Technion Israel Institute of Technology and finished her degree at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London, graduating in 2004. In 2005, Oxman began Ph.D. studies in architectural design at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, advised by William J. Mitchell. Her thesis focused on material-aware design. She graduated from the doctoral program in 2010.

 Career 
In 2006, Oxman began an interdisciplinary research project at MIT called material ecology, to experiment with generative design. She became a professor at MIT in 2010, and given her own lab, the Mediated Matter group at  MIT Media Lab. She was granted tenure at MIT in 2017.Her research interests involve parametric and contextual design, including engineering techniques to realize those designs in various materials and contexts. Examples include creating a "skin" for buildings that can tan in the sun to create shade, and structural biodegradable polymers. She has published collaborations in biology, medicine, wearables, and the design of fabrication tools.Her work has been mentioned as an inspiration for changing how materials and structures are designed. In 2016, she helped launch the open Journal of Design Science, an "antidisciplinary" journal which journal co-founder Joi Ito described as "working in spaces that simply do not fit into any existing academic discipline." She wrote that science, engineering, design and art are connected, with the output of each serving as input for the others.Oxman's early projects took the form of surfaces, furniture, or objects that could be worn or put on display.  Since 2013, most projects have included temporary or interactive installations, including the production process and study of its material properties. These include both mechanical processes, such as for Ocean Pavilion and Glass I, and biological ones, such as for Silk Pavilion and Synthetic Apiary.Oxman's work has been included in the permanent collections of museums such as New York's Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA), the Museum of Applied Arts (MAK) in Vienna, the Smithsonian, and Boston's Museum of Fine Arts and Museum of Science. In 2020, the MoMA displayed the first exhibition of her work as its own collection.

 Mediated Matter 
Oxman's Mediated Matter research group uses computational design, digital fabrication, 3D printing, materials science and synthetic biology for large and small structures. The group developed its own methods and printing platforms, and worked with a range of 3D production systems. Projects have ranged in scale from enclosures and large furniture, to artwork and clothes, to biocomposites, artificial valves, and DNA assembly. Production methods include taking images of a biological or natural sample, developing algorithms to produce similar structures, and developing new manufacturing processes to realize the results.
Projects include wearable clothes and tools,
solar-powered and biodegradable designs, new artistic techniques, and construction of surfaces, walls, coverings and load-bearing elements.

 Organic and natural fabrication 
The Silk Pavilion, an installation designed in 2013, was noted for its fabrication method as much as its final form. It was woven by 6,500 free-ranging silkworms on a nylon-frame dome.  Experiments with the silkworms identified how they would respond to different surfaces, and what would encourage them to spin onto an existing structure rather than spinning a cocoon. The frame of a large polyhedral dome was loosely woven by a robotic arm out of thin nylon threads, and suspended in an open room. The dome was designed with gaps where it would be warmest. Silkworms were released onto the frame in waves, where they added layers of silk before being removed. This involved engineering, sericulture, and modeling sun in the room. The resulting pavilion was hung so that people could stand inside it. This was reprised in 2020 for Silk Pavilion II, installed as part of the Oxman exhibition at MoMA.The Synthetic Apiary, a room-sized installation built in 2015, studied the behavior of bees in an indoor environment, including how they built hives in and around different structures. This was developed in collaboration with a beekeeping company, as a way of testing possible responses to colony loss, and exploring how biological niches could be integrated into buildings.

 Wearables 
In 2012, Oxman printed a set of body-sized wearables, Imaginary Beings, inspired by legendary creatures.  She also collaborated with van Herpen and materials scientist W. Craig Carter on Anthozoa, a cape and skirt evocative of marine life.In 2015, she designed the Wanderers collection, inspired by interplanetary exploration, in collaboration with Christoph Bader and Dominik Kolb. The collection included the Living Mushtari chestpiece, a model digestive tract filled containing a colony of microorganisms that could sustain life in harsh environments. The collection was described by Andrew Bolton as "defined by neither time nor place".In 2016, she produced Rottlace, a 3D-printed mask for Björk, based on a 3D scan of the performer's face. Björk wore it in the world's first 360° virtual reality livestream. Oxman also developed Lazarus, a project designed to capture the wearer's last breath, and began work on Vespers, a collection of 15 death masks. The masks were divided into past, present, and future, and embedded with minerals and bacteria.

 Environments 
In 2014, she collaborated with Carter on Gemini, a chaise longue with a milled wood frame and 3D-printed upholstery designed for both structural and acoustical properties, designed to recreate a calming womb-like environment. It was produced with a combination of additive and subtractive printing. SFMOMA acquired the piece the next year.  This work gave rise to a model for a larger scale Gemini Cinema.

 3D printing platforms 
Mediated Matter also prototyped new platforms and tools for printing. These included a printer that can print entire sections of rooms, a glass printer, and a quick-curing printer that can make free-standing objects without support structures.In 2014, they developed G3DP, the first 3D printer to produce optically transparent glass. At the time, sintering 3D printers could print with glass powder, but the results were brittle and opaque. G3DP was a collaboration with MIT's Glass Lab and the Wyss Institute, emulating traditional glass working processes, with a kiln and annealing chamber. The process allowed close control of color, transparency, thickness and texture. Certain settings turned the printer into a "molten glass sewing machine". Two generations of the printer, G3DP and G3DP2, produced collection of vessels that have gone on exhibit as Glass I and Glass II.A 10-foot glass and light sculpture printed by this platform,YET, was installed at the 2017 Milan Design Week.Also in 2014, the group developed Aguahoja, a project involving a water-based fabrication platform that built structures out of chitosan, a curable water-soluble organic fiber similar to chitin. Structural pillars or long leaves could be made by varying how the fibers were deposited. The resulting combination of hard and soft structures could change from solid to willowy over the length of a branch or leaf, using the same base material. This was demonstrated in a pair of installations, Aguahoja I and II, featuring a central 15-foot tall sculpture resembling "enormous, folded cicada wings".In 2016, the group developed a large-scale robotic printing system, the Digital Construction Platform (DCP), which printed polyurethane foam molds with a robot arm based on the Altec aerial work platform. DCP v2 was able to print a section of a dome 15 meters across and 4 meters high.

 Other developments 
Starting in 2018, the Mediated Matter lab developed the Totems project, exploring ways to extract melanin from different species and embed it in 3D-printed structures. This led to a concept for buildings with facades that respond to sunlight, such as a proposed architectural pavilion initiated by Ravi Naidoo and introduced at his Design Indaba conference.From 2017 to 2020, a new Silk Pavilion was developed, Silk Pavilion II, exploring new potential models for gathering silk from silkworms without needing to boil cocoons and end the silkworm's lifecycle.In 2020, the lab produced a new Aguahoja installation, Aguahoja III, identical to the first but stored in a climate-controlled gallery. This is intended to serve as a long-term control against which to compare the original, in measuring how chitosan degrades or is influenced by environmental changes. The lab stopped active work in 2021.In 2019, an MIT report revealed that Oxman's lab had received $125,000 from Jeffrey Epstein, part of a series of donations he made to the Media Lab and its director Joi Ito. Oxman asked people in her lab to prepare and send a gift to Epstein, according to documents shared by an MIT employee. A graduate student emailed to Oxman: “Have you read the articles about this Jeff Epstein? He seems pretty shady. . . . Just wanted to point it out in case you weren’t aware." Oxman stated she was aware, adding in the e-mail, that “Jeff E.” should always be “confidential" and told the student that they were not sponsored by Epstein.

 Recent work 
Starting in 2020, Oxman's studio, Oxman Architects, has explored similar themes in their projects. They produced a documentary about their work, Nature × Humanity, which became the name of an 2022 exhibition of their work at SFMOMA.In 2020, she created the final version of Silk Pavilion II, weaving a new pavilion in Padua, Italy in collaboration with a silkworm-rearing facility in nearby Teolo. The structure was constructed on a dissolvable hyperboloid.In 2021, her team revisited the Synthetic Apiary, constructing a new environment for bees to build hives, printed with embedded pheromones. The resulting hive structures were analyzed by CT scans to allow digital reconstruction and provide insight into the bees' construction process. They also designed an experiment testing how bees respond to low-gravity environments, and fabricated a new type of payload module to house the experiment on a Blue Origin suborbital flight.

 Plagiarism allegations 
In late 2023, Oxman's husband, Bill Ackman, joined calls to remove Claudine Gay as president of Harvard over plagiarism accusations. Shortly after, journalists at Business Insider published articles alleging plagiarism from a range of sources, including from Wikipedia, in Oxman's 2010 PhD dissertation and three journal articles. Oxman subsequently apologized for citation errors. Business Insider's owner Axel Springer said that it investigated the outlet's "processes" after Ackman questioned the motives behind its reporting, and stood by its reporting.

 Design philosophy 
Oxman's philosophy of material ecology was developed in 2006 while a graduate student at MIT. It combines 3D printing techniques with biology, engineering, materials science, and computer science to create objects and structures through growth and without assembly. She proposed developing a material ecology with "holistic products, characterized by property gradients and multi-functionality" – placing humanity in harmony with nature, in contrast to assembly lines and “a world made of parts".She described her work as shifting "from consuming nature as a geological resource to editing it as a biological one."  This includes using biological shapes as inspiration, textures, and even fabrication, such as the glowing bacteria in Mushtari and the silkworms in the Silk Pavilion.Antonelli described Oxman's work as a way to "decipher nature's myriad [design] lessons and render them digitally for future application at all scales."Oxman's approach to form generation and environmental design is cited by rapid prototypers in other fields, and gave a popular 2015 TED talk on material ecology. In 2019, the Netflix docu-series Abstract: The Art of Design featured her work in its second season.

 Personal life 
Oxman was previously married to Argentine composer Osvaldo Golijov. In 2019, she married investor and hedge fund manager Bill Ackman, with whom she has a daughter. They are co-trustees of the Pershing Square Foundation.

 Works 

 Early works 
Oxman's early work focused on 3D printing, including projects like Carpal Skin, which used the profile of pain for a person with carpal tunnel syndrome to ease their discomfort, and Monocoque (2007), a demonstration of how a printed structure could support its weight via its exterior skin rather than interior supports. This required a printer that could simultaneously print multiple materials with different structural properties, a process she named 'variable property rapid prototyping'. In 2008, futurist Bruce Sterling called her work "shatteringly different from anything before". Later works involved fabrication by animals or by natural processes. 
In 2016, Oxman worked with Björk to create a mask based on the singer's face, and worked with Dutch fashion designer Iris van Herpen to 3D-print a collection of wearable couture.

 Selected works 

 Gallery 
Art, surfaces, and furniture
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
Processes and installations
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Selected exhibits 

 Publications 
2020: Hybrid Living Materials2016: Recursive symmetries for complex additive manufacturing2015: Additive Manufacturing of Optically Transparent Glass
2015: Flow-based fabrication2013: Compound Fabrication2011: Variable property rapid prototyping2010: Material-based Design Computation, PhD-thesis, Massachusetts Institute of Technology

 Awards and recognition 
Oxman is a senior fellow in the Design Futures Council, and a Royal Designer for Industry in the UK. She has won the Vilcek Prize in Design, a National Design Award, and a SFMOMA Contemporary Vision Award.In 2016, she served as a culture leader at the World Economic Forum and received MIT's Collier Medal.  In 2018, she received a Design Innovation Medal from the London Design Festival. The following year, Aguahoja was named "Sustainable Design of the Year" and "Design Project of the Year" in Dezeen's annual awards.

 References 

 External links 

Official site
Neri Oxman on Instagram

Mya (singer)
Mya Marie Harrison (; born October 10, 1979; stylized as Mýa) is an American actress, dancer, record producer, singer, and songwriter. Classified as a "triple threat entertainer," she has become a staple in pop cultural zeitgeist for her work in contemporary R&B. Born and raised in Washington D.C., as a child she studied ballet, jazz, and tap dance. She began her career in television as a dance posse member, performing on BET's Teen Summit. She signed with record executive A. Haqq Islam's University Records, an imprint of Interscope Records to release her eponymous debut studio album (1998), which lyrically explored romance and coming-of-age scenarios. A critical and commercial success, the album spawned her first Billboard Hot 100 Top ten single, "It's All About Me" (featuring Dru Hill). Her collaborative singles — "Girls Dem Sugar" (with Beenie Man), "Ghetto Supastar (That Is What You Are)" (with Pras and Ol' Dirty Bastard), and "Take Me There" (with Blackstreet and Mase) — were also met with commercial success.
Her second studio album, Fear of Flying (2000) was met with further commercial success and presented a more mature sound and image. It peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200, received platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and supported by the singles — "The Best of Me" (featuring Jadakiss), "Case of the Ex," and "Free." The following year, Harrison recorded "Lady Marmalade" with singers Christina Aguilera, Pink and rapper Lil' Kim for the 2001 musical film Moulin Rouge!. A cover of the namesake recording by funk rock band Labelle, it peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100 and twelve international charts, also earning a Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals in 2002. Taking a more active role in the production of her forthcoming releases, Harrison was granted wider creative control of her third studio album, Moodring (2003). The album spawned two charting singles – "My Love Is Like...Wo" and "Fallen" — and received gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America.Following a departure from Interscope in favor of Universal Motown Records, her fourth studio album, Liberation (2007) was met with critical and commercial failure. Amid the leak of the album in Japan, she parted ways with the label following its release. In 2008, under the mentorship of J. Prince, Harrison established her own label, Planet 9. Her fifth and sixth studio albums, Sugar & Spice (2008) and K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy & Simple) (2011) catered to the Japanese market as her most pop and club oriented recordings to date. Beginning in 2014, she released a trio of R&B–rooted extended plays (EPs) indendently: With Love (2014), Sweet XVI (2014), and Love Elevation Suite (2015). In 2016, her seventh album, Smoove Jones received a nomination for Best R&B Album at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards. Its follow-up, T.K.O. (The Knock Out) (2018), commemorated the twentieth anniversary of her debut album.
Aside from music, Harrison ventured into acting across film, television, broadway, and gaming. She made her cinematic feature film debut in crime thriller In Too Deep (1999). Following her debut, she has appeared in minor or supporting roles in films and television series such as Chicago (2002), Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights (2004), Shall We Dance? (2004), 1-800-Missing (2004), NCIS (2005), Cursed (2005), Girls Cruise (2019), and House Party (2023). In 2009, Harrison competed in Dancing with the Stars season nine; finishing second place in the competition. Harrison has sold 3.2 million albums in the U.S. and 20 million records worldwide. Her accolades include a Grammy Award, a Screen Actor Guild Award, a Critics' Choice Movie Award and two MTV Video Music Awards. For 2000s decade, Billboard named her one of their Hot 100 Artists of the 2000s.

 Early life 
Mya Harrison, a native of Washington, D.C., is the eldest of three children. Her father Sherman "Hajji" Harrison is a singer and performs in an R&B band, Jump Street and her mother Theresa worked as an accountant. She grew up in suburban Washington D.C., with her two younger brothers Chaz and Nijel.At the age of two, her father stood her in the Reflecting Pool between the Washington Monument and Lincoln Memorial, and she danced. She started ballet classes shortly afterward, in 1982, then tap and jazz, but lost interest when she was eight. At 12, she found herself watching videos of her dancing and her desire suddenly rekindled.She studied tapes of Tony Award winner Savion Glover, the tap dance prodigy now best-known for the Broadway hit Bring in da Noise, Bring in da Funk, until she learned his routines and then joined the group T.W.A. (Tappers With Attitude). She went solo before heading to New York to study with Glover in a residency with the famed Dance Theater of Harlem. Soon after, she earned a reputation for improvisation and an impressed Glover gave her a solo spot during a Kennedy Center performance.Mya had subsequently appeared on BET's Teen Summit and taught dance to children ever since she herself was 14. She also had taken violin lessons since the fourth grade. Her strict upbringing emphasized the value of school and working hard to get good grades. But when her father finally heard her sing, he had her record a couple of demo tapes and took them to a club where he was playing. There he met A. Haqq Islam, President and CEO of University Music. Islam listened to the tapes and agreed to come to Mya's home, where she sang him two En Vogue songs. Impressed with her audition, Islam signed her to deal via his label and negotiated a distribution deal through Interscope Records.After graduating from Eleanor Roosevelt High School in Greenbelt, Maryland at 16, she later enrolled in the University of Maryland in speech communications. But preparations for the album were taking too much of her time and she left after one semester.

 Career 

 1996–1999: Debut with Mya 
After signing with major label Interscope Records, Mya spent the next two years recording her debut studio album. Using his connections, Islam was able to hire an elite team of collaborators to work with her, including Missy Elliott, Babyface, Diane Warren, Dru Hill, Darryl Pearson and Silkk Tha Shocker, while the staff at Interscope had envisioned to market Mya as their main female R&B artist, competing with fellow teen singers Aaliyah, Brandy and Monica. Released in April 1998 to generally favorable reviews, Mya peaked at number 29 on the US Billboard 200 and sold 1.4 million copies domestically. It received a platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting shipments to US retailers of over 1,000,000 units. In total, the album sold two million copies worldwide. Mya yielded three successful singles, including her debut single, "It's All About Me" featuring fellow R&B singer Sisqó, which became a top-ten hit on the US Billboard Hot 100, as well as "Movin' On" and "My First Night with You".The album earned her several accolades, which included two Soul Train Music Award nominations for Best R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist and Best R&B/Soul Album – Female and a NAACP Image Award nomination for Outstanding New Artist. In addition to her solo work, Mya, along with Blackstreet, Blinky Blink, and Mase, was featured on "Take Me There" from the soundtrack of the animated feature film The Rugrats Movie (1998). It reached number one in the New Zealand Singles Chart and became a top twenty hit in several nations, including the United Kingdom, Ireland, the Netherlands, and United States. Harrison also appeared with rapper Ol' Dirty Bastard on Pras' single "Ghetto Supastar", recorded for his debut solo studio album, Ghetto Supastar (1998). A worldwide number-one hit, the song topped the charts in more than a dozen nations and earned Mya her first Grammy Award nomination in the Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group category. "Ghetto Supastar" was also featured on the soundtrack for the political satire film Bulworth. In 1999, Mya made her acting debut in the crime thriller film In Too Deep, directed by Michael Rymer. In the film, she played a young woman named Loretta  starring opposite LL Cool J and Omar Epps. In Too Deep received generally mixed reviews, but managed to recoup its budget.

 2000–2002: Fear of Flying and "Lady Marmalade" 
Additionally in late 1999, Mya began production on an album that would eventually become Fear of Flying, which involved a variety of producers, including Rodney Jerkins, Swizz Beatz, Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis, and Wyclef Jean. The title was partially inspired by Erica Jong's same-titled 1973 novel, which shared a lot of similarities toward female sexuality and development of second-wave feminism. Mya, who did some writing on her debut album, was heavily involved in the production of Fear of Flying, from writing and recording to producing, mixing, and mastering. Released in April 2000 to mixed reviews, Fear of Flying debuted at number 15 on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of 72,000 copies. Upon initial release, its first single "The Best of Me" featuring Jadakiss had underperformed on the charts and suffered from the dreaded sophomore slump. The album's second single, the confrontational "Case of the Ex", proved to be a different matter. "Case of the Ex" became Mya's international breakthrough hit, topping the Australian Singles Chart for two consecutive weeks,
while reaching number two and three in the US and the United Kingdom, respectively, and in turn, solidified Fear of Flying as a hit.With the success of "Case of the Ex", Interscope re-released Fear of Flying in November 2000, with a revised track listing featuring two new songs, including the third single "Free". Fear of Flying earned Mya a Soul Train Music Award nomination for R&B/Soul Album – Female and a MOBO nomination for Best Album. A multiplatinum success, the album sold 1.2 million copies in the United States and eventually received a platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America. Subsequently, it earned gold certifications from Canadian Recording Industry Association and Australian Recording Industry Association.In spring of 2001, Mya paid tribute to Janet Jackson at MTV Icon. She performed her own rendition of Jackson's classic hit "The Pleasure Principle". By mid 2001, she had already amassed an impressive nine Top 10 hits and sold more than six million albums worldwide. The same year, she was featured on the Atlantis: The Lost Empire soundtrack, performing the Diane Warren-penned pop ballad "Where the Dream Takes You". The song was featured during the closing credits of the animated feature. Her next music project, Mya collaborated with singers Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, and Pink on the remake of Labelle's 1975 hit "Lady Marmalade", which served as the first single from the Moulin Rouge! soundtrack. A worldwide success, it reached number one in over fifteen countries, including the United States, where it spent five consecutive weeks at the top of the Billboard Hot 100. At 2001 MTV Video Music Awards, "Lady Marmalade" was nominated for six awards and won two for Best Video from a Film and Video of the Year. In 2002, the quartet performed "Lady Marmalade" at the 44th Grammy Awards and won a Grammy for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.After the release and success of Fear of Flying and "Lady Marmalade", Mya began to dabble into acting with a small supporting role in the musical film, Chicago (2002), based on the stage-musical of the same name. Directed by Rob Marshall, it grossed more than $306.8 million worldwide and was critically lauded, winning Mya several awards in the ensemble categories, including the Critics' Choice Movie Award and the Screen Actors Guild Award. In March 2003, Mya appeared on hip hop alternative group Jurassic 5's remix version of the song "Thin Line". Chosen as their second single and more R&B driven, "Thin Line" addressed the tension that often exists in platonic male-female relationships.

 2003–2007: Moodring and Liberation 
 In July 2003, Interscope released Mya's third studio album, Moodring. It sold more than 113,000 copies in its first week and peaked at number three on the US Billboard 200, surpassing Mya's previous effort first-week sales. The album displayed an array of different emotions exploring Mya's playful and sexual side. The bulk of Moodring was co-written and co-produced by Mya and influenced by different subjects and music stylings including pop rock, soul, hip hop, R&B, and quiet storm. The first single, the Missy Elliott-produced "My Love Is Like ... Wo" became a top twenty hit on the Billboard Hot 100, while its accompanying music video showcased a more sexy and risqué side of the singer. The second single, mid tempo track "Fallen", failed to duplicate the same success, but reached the top forty on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Moodring stayed on the United States chart for eighteen non-consecutive weeks and went on to be certified gold, selling 589,000 copies to date.In 2004, she had two small roles in the dance musical Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights and romantic comedy-drama film Shall We Dance?. In the films, she played a Latina lounge singer named Lola Martinez and the fiancée of a ballroom dancing student. While Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, a re-imagining of the 1987 blockbuster Dirty Dancing, tanked at the box office, Shall We Dance?,  a remake of the 1996 Japanese film of the same name, became a box office hit, grossing $170,128,460 worldwide.  Subsequently, the same year, Mya began working on her fourth studio album. Originally conceived as a project called Control Freak, the album's first version was actually scheduled for a mid-2005 release, but was eventually shelved when Mya decided to leave her management and A&M Records in fall 2005. In 2005, she had a supporting role in Wes Craven's horror film Cursed, starring Christina Ricci and Joshua Jackson. In the film, Mya played a young victim by the name of Jenny Tate. Although Cursed tanked at the box office, it earned her a nomination in the Best Frightened Performance category at the 2005 MTV Movie Awards. Mya guest starred in season two of NCIS.In 2006, she co-starred in the romantic comedy drama The Heart Specialist, written, produced and directed by Dennis Cooper, and starred Wood Harris, Zoe Saldana, and Brian J. White. Originally released under the title Ways of the Flesh, it initially premiered at the 2006 Boston Film Festival however had remain unreleased until 2011, when it was granted a limited theatrical release. The same year, she signed a recording contract with Universal Motown and resumed work on her next album, which she completed within a three-month period. Classified as "energetic [and] ghetto" with a less classic R&B edge, Mya renamed the project Liberation. In March 2007, the album's lead single "Lock U Down", a collaboration with Lil Wayne, was sent to radio. After its commercial failure, a second single entitled "Ridin'" was released, but it also underperformed. Due to budget cuts, the album suffered numerous pushbacks and in mid–2007, it accidentally leaked in Japan, prompting Universal Motown to release Liberation as a digital download only in October 2007. Next up in 2007, Mya co-starred in the independent romantic comedy film The Metrosexual, starring Shaun Benson in the title role. Screened at the Boston Film Festival, the movie received mixed reviews.

 2008–2013: Sugar & Spice, Beauty & the Streets and K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy & Simple) 
In 2008, Mya co-starred in the Bill Duke-directed drama thriller film Cover in which she portrayed an AIDS victim named Cynda. The film dealt with the subject of men who are on the down-low in society and opened at selective theaters and grossed $79,436 in the United States. Her next film,  the direct-to-dvd romantic comedy film Love For Sale. Starring opposite Jackie Long and Jason Weaver, Mya played a college student named Kiely in a bad relationship. Following her departure from Universal Motown, Mya continued working on new material under her own independent imprint Planet 9 and contracted with Japanese R&B label Manhattan Records, a division of Lexington Group, to release new material. Her fifth studio album and first project for the label, Sugar & Spice, received a Japan-wide release in December 2008. Specifically recorded for the Asian music market, it was preceded by the single "Paradise" and spawned a reissue edition, released in 2009.In 2009, Mya had a supporting role in the comedy drama indie film Bottleworld. It featured an ensemble cast of Anna Camp, Christopher Denham and Scott Wilson. Looking to release more new music, Mya signed a deal with Young Empire Music Group, and released her first mixtape called Beauty & The Streets Vol.1. It debuted and peaked at number 55 on Billboard's US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. In fall 2009, Mya appeared as a contestant on season nine of the ABC reality show Dancing with the Stars, partnered with professional dancer Dmitry Chaplin. One of the show's frontrunners throughout the entire competition, she danced on a sprained ankle for the last five weeks and ultimately placed second behind singer Donny Osmond. In 2010, Mya was invited to be a featured guest vocalist on the number-one hit remake "We Are the World 25 for Haiti". She appeared in The Penthouse, starring Rider Strong. The sex comedy earned largely negative reviews.In early 2011, she appeared on French DJ and record producer Cedric Gervais's single "Love Is the Answer". Following the collaboration with Cedric Gervais, Mya released the solo single "Fabulous Life", which served as the first single from the Japanese version of her sixth studio album titled K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy & Simple), released in April 2011 in Japan. Production on the project was primarily handled by Cleveland native producer Young Yonny with additional contributions from Japanese musicians Jeff Miyahara and Daisuke Imai, Chuck Harmony and longtime collaborators Carvin & Ivan. As with Sugar & Spice, Mya took full creative control of the album and lent a hand in the songwriting process, co-writing and executive producing. The album debuted at number 72 on the Oricon Albums Chart. A US version of K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy & Simple), featuring several new recordings, was released in December 2011 via iTunes, with up-tempo track "Earthquake" featuring Trina serving as the album's lead single. It debuted and peaked at number 74 on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

 2014–present: EP series, Smoove Jones, and T.K.O. (The Knock Out) 
Starting in 2014, Mya released a series of EPs on her independent label Planet 9. With Love, a four-track Valentine's Day EP, was released in February 2014 to commemorate the release of her debut single "It's All About Me" and sixteenth anniversary in the entertainment industry. It received largely positive review from music critics. In April 2014, Mya starred opposite Linda Hamilton in the Syfy original TV movie Bermuda Tentacles, which garnered negative reviews. The same month, her second EP Sweet XVI was released to commemorate the release of her debut studio album Mya. It was followed by her second Valentine's Day EP, Love Elevation Suite, released in 2015.Mya's seventh studio album Smoove Jones was released on February 14, 2016. It was preceded by the singles "Welcome to My World" and "Team You". Smoove Jones debuted at number 30 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart on March 5, 2016. A critical success, it received a Grammy Award nomination for Best R&B Album at the 59th ceremony. In early September 2017, Mya announced the upcoming release of a new single entitled "Ready for Whatever", but gave no date for the release. "Ready for Whatever" was released September 22, 2017, as the first single from her forthcoming studio project. Less than two months later, Mya released a remix titled, "Ready, Part II" on November 25, 2017. On February 14, 2018, Mya released "You Got Me" as her second single from her forthcoming studio album TKO (The Knock Out) to commemorate the twentieth anniversary of her debut single "It's All About Me". Mya starred as Mina Kennedy in the UMC's original series drama 5th Ward The Series. It premiered March 2, 2018. She continued to release a slew of singles that included "Damage" and "Knock You Out". Her thirteenth studio project TKO (The Knock Out) was released April 20, 2018, commemorating the anniversary of her debut album Mya (1998).A new single entitled, "G.M.O. (Got My Own)" featuring Tink was released on August 31, 2018. Mya co-starred in a new Vh1 reality television series, titled Girls Cruise with Lil' Kim and Chilli. It premiered July 15, 2019. In February 2019, Harrison released "With You" to honor the anniversary of her debut single. Approximately, two months later, "Down" was released to commemorate the one year anniversary of TKO (The Knock Out). The following month, Mya released "Open" on May 13, 2019. In June, she released the riddim collaboration "Handsfree" with dancehall artist Ding Dong. Harrison had announced a new single "Whine" was set to drop soon, however nothing ever materialize. In November 2019, Harrison collaborated with Canadian rapper Tory Lanez and was featured on his album Chixtape 5. In April 2020, Harrison released the single "You Got Me, Part II". A month later, the singer released "Space and Time" on May 29, 2020. Throughout the year, Mya continued to release a series of singles; the DJ Alyx Ander assisted EDM track "Without You", the midtempo cut, 
"I Deserve It", uptempo banger, "I'ma Do It", and heartfelt ballad, "Just Call My Name". The following year, she released dual singles, "Forever My Love" and "True Love" to coincide with her debut single anniversary. In February, she co-starred in the Tubi streaming platform action movie Lazarus. In July 2021, the singer released "Worth It" introducing her alter ego "Mya Lan$ky". In December, Mya starred in the Lifetime's original Christmas movie, My Favorite Christmas Melody alongside Rainbow Sun Francks. In January 2022, Mya made a guest appearance on the ABC reality show Shark Tank. In June 2022, Harrison reunited with Christina Aguilera for a special performance of "Lady Marmalade" at L.A. Pride.In January 2023, Mya made a cameo in the rebooted comedy film House Party. In August 2023, she released a song called "Whine," a dancehall reggae collaboration featuring Jamaican dance-hall musician Bounty Killer. On October 10, 2023, the singer released an extended play of "Whine" dance mixes.

 Artistry 

 Voice and songwriting 

Mya possesses a mezzo-soprano vocal range that spans four octaves with particularly the tonality and timbre of her voice being highlighted and described as "very special". Writing for Slate, Sasha Frere-Jones acknowledged although Harrison's breathy voice suggests smallness, she easily accommodates with up-to-date melisma, unadorned legato, and quiet crooning. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic commented that Mya has a voice that is at once sounding "innocent and knowing", while consistently "upbeat and confident". Similarly, Billboard complimented her voice for having a "smooth, sensitive, angelic tone" to it who oozes with the confidence and stylistic flair of an artist twice her age.Other music critics have referred to her voice as "weak" and "thin". In reviewing for her second studio album Fear of Flying, Jon Azpiri of AllMusic commented that "she is a promising young talent, but still has yet to develop the chops necessary to rank among the best of R&B divas." Rolling Stone wrote, "The signature quiver in Mya's voice does give her some sonic identity, but otherwise this could be the music of Destiny's Child, Aaliyah or any of the countless interchangeable hip-hop/R&B divas."Since the beginning of her career, Mya has always been artistically involved in her career. She writes the majority of her own material for her studio albums. In an interview, she explained she writes 99.9% of her albums, and when songs are submitted to her, if she feels the song is something that feels like something she can perform well and hits close to home, then she feels comfortable doing it. Her lyrics usually fall somewhere between hopeful and melancholy. The singer is also known for writing sexually-driven lyrics and female empowerment compositions with a bit of an edge to them through her love for free-spirited word play. Her music typically "bridge the gap between" pop/R&B and "street-level" hip-hop. According to writer Cynthia Fuchs from PopMatters it's difficult to categorize Mya, because she has a "tendency to blend music genres". Her third album Moodring, consisted of various genres including, R&B, hip hop, Techno, pop and reggae.In an interview with People, she revealed she draws her musical inspirations from humming a melody off the note of a whirring fan or tapping her foot to the rhythm of the bathtub dripping; commenting she can hear melodies from natural sounds like birds chirping or the taxis and construction in Manhattan. Occasionally, Harrison wishes she could stop the music. "In the middle of a conversation, I'll start humming or moving my feet, and my friends will say, 'You can't be serious,'" she notes. "It's such a reflex that I'm totally unaware I look like an idiot." Most of her songs are helmed from personal experiences in her life as well as friends' experiences.Mya has co-produced most of her records since 2000. She has her own recording studio and label imprint, Planet 9 and is heavily involved in the production of her music and every single process, from writing and recording to producing, mixing, and mastering her own projects. Harrison is very active in all aspects of her career from the actual production to the business; formulating the beat, creating the concept, and coming up with the melodies.

 Stage 
Mya has received praise for her stage presence and live performances. Author Stacy-Deanne opined that Harrison had developed into a well rounded-performer with flexible abilities who was consistently a "source of attraction" on television and on tour. Staff writer Trish Davis of Hartford Courant described her presence as "compelling" while noting, "With a voice that sends high notes with clarity and low ones with force, Mya's live act is solid." The AU Review's Chris Singh lauded her showmanship, which he recognized has not "aged" nor her "dulcet notes" that stole the show, citing Mýa as "versatile" and a "tough act to follow". Similarly, Kelefa Sanneh of The New York Times praised her live performance, noting her dance movements in particular, which he described as "sprightly", "sexy" and "theatrical". Natasha Pinto of The Music commented, "She possesses the dreamiest falsetto and commands attention with every note and step she takes", acknowledging Mya's ability to perform with "absolute ease" and "sultry sass" who does not "miss a beat". Senior music writer George Palathingal for The Sydney Morning Herald noted, "whether performing slick routines alongside two booty-shaking dancers or accompanied only by an acoustic guitarist, Mya is all class." Sheldon Ang of Sheldon Ang Media commented, "Mya's live act is compelling, with a dose of sexiness, bounce and elasticity – ultimately oozing a sultry zest – yet, classy with the respectable je ne sais quoi that only a few could pull off."

 Influences 
Mya's musical influences include Sade, Janet Jackson, Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin, Prince, Chaka Khan, Minnie Riperton, and Madonna. Mya praises Stevie Wonder for his ability to hear music and play music and feel it and get other people to feel it, and Madonna for her boldness and courage. Mya calls Minnie Riperton her favorite female singer and Prince her musical hero, stating, "He's someone who takes risks. He's an all-around entertainer, hell of a performer. He's a genius."Mya's dance influences include Gregory Hines, Michael Jackson, Janet Jackson, Savion Glover, Jimmy Slyde, Electric Boogaloos, Rock Steady Crew, Cyd Charisse, Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire and Sammy Davis Jr.She cites Lena Horne and Liza Minnelli as her role models.

 Alter ego 
Introduced to audiences through her song, "Worth It", Mya credits notorious mob accountant Meyer Lansky for American Mafia, as inspiration for her new handle. The singer ties her low-key nature to his laid-back image and her independent artist status to his birthdate on the United States' Independence Day.For Lan$ky's blunt cadence, Mya cites conscious and classic hip-hop trailblazers such as Mos Def, Common, Digable Planets, Black Thought, André 3000, and Erykah Badu.However, all influences aside, Lan$ky is an integral part of Mya, relying on her specifically during hard times. "When I need a picker-upper, or somebody to be that mentor, someone to be that fighter, or somebody to be that person that will crack the whip and get me in shape, that's who Mýa Lan$ky is."While adding, "The one that doesn't let me slip up. The one that's hard on me when I'm too vulnerable or hearing those voices, those outside forces. I get her together."

 Other ventures 
At the age of 18, Harrison served as an ad print spokeswoman for Bongo Jeans and had a Tommy Hilfiger lipstick shade named after her. In Fall 2000, she became a spokesperson for Iceberg jeans and featured in print ads in magazines. Harrison signed an endorsement deal with Coca-Cola in 2002, which included appearances on television commercials. She and then-label mate Common recorded a cover version of Ed Harris' "Real Compared To What". The commercial made its debut in 2003 at the American Music Awards and featured Mya in a 90-second commercial singing a jazzy cover version of the song alongside Chi-town rapper Common. In early 2003, Mya recorded an updated version of the Simon & Garfunkel classic hit "Feeling Groovy" for GAP television ads. The music for the spot was produced by Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis. In late 2003, Mya performed the original theme song, "Everything or Nothing", for the then-latest video game in the Bond franchise – 007: Everything or Nothing. Mýa also appears in the game as the NSA agent sultry Bond girl "Mya Starling". Mya co-wrote and co-produced the song with Randy Bugnitz and A&M president Ron Fair, and three variations of the theme appeared in the game. In 2005, Motorola signed Mya and eight other artists to appear in a television commercial promoting its first iPod music phone, the Motorola rokr. The commercial starred Madonna and Iggy Pop alongside Little Richard, Bootsy Collins, Amerie, Alanis Morissette and look-alikes of Beethoven, Jimi Hendrix, and The Notorious B.I.G. Additionally in 2005, Mya signed to Ford Modeling agency and appeared in a variety of ad campaigns. On March 1, 2010, Escada announced that Mya would host the celebration to introduce their newest scent, Marine Groove, on March 13 in Miami Beach.

 Personal life 

 Health and wellness 
Mya is a vegan (previously a vegetarian and pescatarian) and has promoted the vegan lifestyle on PETA's behalf. Her lifestyle includes a cruelty-free diet and the use of natural beauty products.In an interview with Essence, Mya discussed in-depth her beauty tips. Following the launch of her music career, she shared she eliminated processed foods and sodas from her diet. In addition, she touched on mental health and commented she writes and keep a diary or journal with her on the road to keep track of her feelings which uses to keep her sane as well as prayer. When it comes to stage performances, photo shoot, and music videos, the singer noted she uses vegan cruelty free cosmetic products.Since 2013, Mya has been married to herself. On her decision to marry herself, she explained, "It was all about self-care, self-love and getting myself back after a toxic relationship." Further adding, "It's not about anything like 'all men are bad' or anything like that. It's really about becoming your best self and making sure that you're leveling up in all aspects of your life."

 Philanthropy 
In 2005, Mya created her own nonprofit organization, The Mya Arts & Tech Foundation, which is dedicated to "providing disadvantaged youth growth and opportunity through arts and technology education". In 2007, she was featured in Heatherette's Fashion Show for Lifeball in Vienna, Austria to fight against Global AIDS. Mya has hosted fundraisers for Skool'd to aid homeless LGBT youth, while also advocating for gay rights by opening the Out 100 Awards. In 2009, she continued her philanthropic efforts by chairing the 2009 Operation Smile Event, participating in the literary project, If I'd Known Then: Women in Their 20s and 30s Write Letters to their Younger Selves, by Ellen Spraggins, and accepting an honoree award for her work with the NSAL. In 2010 she was a part of various PSA campaigns including, Cyndi Lauper's True Colors: Give A Damn, NOH8 , and NSAL 2010. Most recently, Mya collaborated with singer Dionne Warwick on the gospel song "Let There Be Light". It featured a supergroup of Gladys Knight, Billy Ray Cyrus, Joe Don Rooney (Rascal Flatts), Kevin Sorbo, John Elefante (former lead singer of Kansas), Damon Elliott, The Sorbo Family, Yoni Gordon and Lucas Vidal. Released October 18, 2017, all of the song's proceeds were donated to non-profit organization Feeding America. In March 2022, Mya became World Animal Protection's first U.S. celebrity ambassador.

 Legacy and influence 
Vogue's Alex Frank credits Mya as an influence of Y2K R&B. Writing for Vogue, Frank alludes that R&B stars Tinashe, FKA twigs, and Jhené Aiko "echoed a familiar kind of sound"; the sultry, futuristic music of R&B/pop singer Mya. He acknowledged Mya's capabilities to "elbowed out the crunchy catchiness of Britney Spears and aggression of Kid Rock" with interesting, seductive music and dubbed Harrison's brand of R&B as neo-R&B—an innovative take on a beloved genre that promised a way forward. Essentially, he observed, "with the dominant sounds of R&B production at the time", Mya was capable of "creating something preppy and poppy and radio-friendly that kept pace with the Britneys and the N'Syncs without sacrificing experimentation." While he accepted the three women currently dominating the genre, Tinashe, Jhené Aiko, and FKA Twigs, "have been endlessly likened" to Aaliyah. He interjects noting, "you can hear [Mya] in their cross-generational appreciation of subtle, almost anti-pop that still places a premium on powerfully catchy choruses and light, airy vocals." Elaborating, "You can see it in their nose rings and crop tops." Thus, Frank concluded with "though Harrison's career didn't last, it's clear that her influence has." Lewis Dene of BBC Music applauded Mya's ability to continue to "shrewdly bridge the gap between pop/R&B and street-level hip hop." The Daily Beast's Stereo Williams recognized Mya as a trailblazer for artists like Tinashe and Kehlani while concluding her legacy is one that warrants celebrating. Music website Idolator epitomized "Case of the Ex (Whatcha Gonna Do)" as "everything that was great about turn-of-the millennium R&B". Essence and The Washington Post identifies Mya as a classic "triple threat", commenting, "now having acted in such films as Havana Nights and Chicago and proved, under Savion Glover's aegis, she's a formidable dancer." However, noted "Mya's strongest trump card, overall, is charisma, one that mixing sweet, innocent girl next door and feisty hip-hop princess down the block." Mya has been credited as an influence or inspiration by Melissa Steel, Liz, Ari Lennox, Ray BLK, Natasha, D∆WN (dance), Normani, Jazzy Amra, Sir Babygirl, Princess Nokia, Harloe, Chlöe, Victoria Monét,  iLoveMakonnen,  Child Actor,  Dungeonesse,  and Vessel.

 Achievements 

As of 2008, Harrison has sold over 7 million albums worldwide. In 2009, Billboard ranked Harrison at No. 97 on their list of Hot 100 Artists of the 2000s. Complex listed her at No. 33 on their list of Top 100 Hottest Female Singers of All Time. Harrison's breakthrough single "Case of the Ex (Whatcha Gonna Do)" was listed at No. 77 on Billboard's Top 100 Songs by Female Solo Artists (1955-2007). Her collaborative effort, "Lady Marmalade" was listed at No. 47 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of '00s list.Since Mya's arrival to the music industry, she has received numerous accolades, recognition(s), and honors throughout her career. In 2002, Harrison won a Grammy for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals for "Lady Marmalade".  Harrison won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her participation in Chicago. She is the winner of two MTV moonmen including the prestigious Video of the Year award for Lady Marmalade. In 2006, Harrison was honored at the Palm Beach International Film Festival with the Cross Over Award (from singer to actor). Her singles "The Best of Me Pt. II" and "Ghetto Supastar (That Is What You Are)" were featured on About.com's Top 50 R&B/Hip Hop Collaborations list at 40 and 44 respectively.  In 2003 and 2004, she appeared on Maxim's Hot 100 list; ranking at 31 and 52 respectively. "Movin' On" was voted as one of The 50 Best R&B Videos of the 90s by Complex. Billboard ranked "Movin' On" tenth on their 20 Best High School Music Video list. Her performance of Lady Marmalade at the 44th Grammy Awards was featured on About.com's Top 10 Grammy Award Performances of All Time. In 2014, "Lady Marmalade" was featured on the Huffington Post's Top 10 Most Iconic Grammys Performances. In 2015, MTV voted Lady Marmalade at No. 1 as the Best Musical Performance in MTV Movie Award history. Harrison was featured on the Huffington Post's Top 26 Black Female Choreographer and Dancers list. Out magazine included "Case of the Ex" as one of their most empowering, memorable and influential all-girl dance routines.
Most recently, her eight independent project, Smoove Jones received a grammy nomination for Best R&B Album for the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.Billboard listed "Lady Marmalade" on their 100 Greatest Award Show Performances of All Time list.

 Discography 

Studio albums

Mya (1998)
Fear of Flying (2000)
Moodring (2003)
Liberation (2007)
Sugar & Spice (2008)
K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy & Simple) (2011)
Smoove Jones (2016)
T.K.O. (The Knock Out) (2018)

 Tours 
Headlining

Fear of Flying Tour (2001)
Moodring Tour (2003)
Smoove Jones Show Tour (2016)
T.K.O. Tour (2018)Co-headlining

Seagrams Live Tour (with Clipse) (2007)
3 R&B Superstars: Live in Concert (with 112 and Blackstreet) (2016)Opening act

Evolution Tour (for Boyz II Men) (1998)
Full Frequency Tour (for Sean Paul) (2014)Featured act

Smokin' Groove Tour (1998)
Lilith Fair (1999)
All That! Music and More Festival (2000)
BET Black College Tour (2007)
RNB Fridays Live (2016)
Femme It Forward (2019)
KISSTORY Presents...The Blast Off! Tour (2020)
Juicy Fest (2023)
The Sunrise Tour (2024)

 Filmography 

Films starred

 See also 
List of artists who reached number one in the United States
List of artists who reached number one on the Australian singles chart

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Mya at AllMusic
Mýa at IMDb
Mya discography at Discogs
Mya at AllMovie

Ultrakill
Ultrakill is a first-person shooter video game developed by Arsi "Hakita" Patala and published by New Blood Interactive. It was released on Steam through Early Access for Microsoft Windows on September 3, 2020. It can also be played as a free demo. The game uses retro-style graphics and movement capabilities reminiscent of 1990s first-person shooters such as Quake and Doom.

 Gameplay 
Ultrakill's gameplay takes place in a series of levels heavily inspired by Dante's layers of Hell. The game is divided into a prelude and three acts. Each act has three layers, the first two layers of an act contain four levels each, and the last only having two. The prelude contains one more level for a total of five. The last level of the prelude and any given layer is focused on a boss. The main antagonist and boss in the last level of every act thus far is the Archangel Gabriel.
The player has access to six weapons: a revolver, shotgun, nailgun, railcannon, rocket launcher, and an arm. Each of these weapons has multiple variants, and some have alternate forms (such as turning the nailgun into a sawblade launcher, or a slower, more powerful variant of the revolver, known as the slab revolver). The player can perform combos or do other stylish actions in order to build a style meter through several ranks (ranging from Destructive to ULTRAKILL) through earning style points, similar to games such as Devil May Cry.A key game mechanic in Ultrakill is the ability for the player to regain lost health by absorbing the fresh blood of damaged enemies, done by damaging or killing enemies while near them or performing a parry on certain enemy attacks with the Feedbacker arm or a precise shotgun blast. However, certain other mechanics can prevent or affect this, such as enemies covered in sand not bleeding, or water diluting blood when an enemy is killed underwater, making blood easier to pick up, but reducing the amount healed. The recovery of health can be diminished by taking what is referred to as "hard damage", which temporarily reduces the maximum amount of health the player can have. The duration for which the "hard damage" remains can be reduced if the player is playing stylishly (i.e., they have a style rank of Supreme or greater).
At the end of each level, the player will earn a letter grade rank from D to S in various categories (time, enemies killed, and total style points), which are then averaged to give an overall level rank. Completing a level without dying or reloading back to a checkpoint, and with an S rank in all three categories, will award the player with a P rank. This is the highest possible rank that can be achieved.
Most levels in Ultrakill contain hidden collectibles in the form of soul orbs and include a challenge. Completing the challenge, finding all soul orbs, and getting a P rank, will reward the player by making the level appear gold in the level select menu. Upon full completion of an entire layer or act, their respective backgrounds will become gold as well.
Ultrakill has secret levels. These secret levels can be found on certain normal levels through secret exits. These levels deviate from the traditional Ultrakill gameplay and opt for a spin or riff on other video games and video game genres, namely horror games, puzzle video games, dating sims, Crash Bandicoot, and fishing.
Getting a P rank on every level within an act and prelude and locating a secret entrance will allow the player to enter the act's Prime Sanctum, with the next sequential Prime Sanctum needing the previous one to be cleared beforehand. Each Prime Sanctum contains a "Prime Soul", a soul whose sheer willpower and prominence gave them a physical form that does not require a vessel to manifest. These Prime Souls are contained in a type of organic prison needing to be fought beforehand to fight the Prime Soul. These prisons are created by angels to trap these souls. Obtaining a P rank on the Prime Sanctums is not required to progress to the next one. Prime Sanctums contain one or more bosses that are a drastic step up in difficulty compared to the other levels within the act, with the second Prime Sanctum additionally containing a gauntlet of enemies before the bosses, contrary to the first exclusively containing two bosses for the player to fight.
Ultrakill also features an endless mode called "The Cyber Grind", where the player fights randomized waves of enemies over a floating arena that randomly transforms after each wave. This mode awards the player points upon completion, which can be used to purchase weapon mods and custom colors at yellow terminals. The Cyber Grind's arena patterns, textures, skybox, and music can be altered by the player. After clearing a set amount of waves, players can set the Cyber Grind to begin at a designated wave instead of starting over from the beginning (for example, clearing wave 20 allows the player to start at wave 10).

 Plot 
In the universe of Ultrakill, God has disappeared. This results in The Council taking over Heaven in God's stead as an emergency reaction to the chaos spreading across Heaven. In addition, humanity has been rendered extinct an unknown amount of time after the end of The Final War and the beginning of The New Peace. Technological advancements allowed the creation of machines able to use blood as fuel, which became a standard due to the abundance of blood during times of war. The player takes the place of V1, a machine that remained in its prototype stage with the unique ability to absorb blood through contact, contrary to other machines needing to refuel manually.V1 descends through the layers of Hell in order to harvest the blood of the various creatures living there, driven by survival. Along the way, V1 battles deceased sinners known as Husks, a variety of demons, other machines also looking for blood, and a host of angels. Some angels were formed from human souls (similarly to the Husks), whereas others were born as angels and are more powerful, such as Gabriel. V1 periodically duels a multitude of bosses, including V2, the successor of V1, King Minos of the Lust layer encountered in the first Prime Sanctum of the Gluttony layer, and the Archangel Gabriel, appointed as the Judge of Hell.At the end of the first act, after his loss against V1, Gabriel is severed of his Holy Light as punishment by the Council for a perceived lack of devotion. He is to be given back the Holy Light under the condition of proving himself worthy of it by killing V1. If Gabriel is unable to kill it, the absence of the Holy Light will kill him after 24 hours.
During the second act, V1 has a rematch against a grudgeful V2 in the Greed layer, finally killing its successor. It then battles both a Ferryman on his ship and the Leviathan, who sunk the aforementioned boat in Wrath. It then battles King Sisyphus of the Greed layer in the second Prime Sanctum of the Heresy layer.
Gabriel, now titled the "Apostate of Hate", faces V1 at the end of Act 2 but is defeated once again, experiencing an epiphany as to the nature of his faith, and leaving V1 with the promise of another rematch. Realizing the atrocities he had committed on their behalf and with only hours left to live, he kills the entire Council, sending a message to the people of Heaven. Act 2 concludes with Gabriel displaying the severed head of the last Council member to Heaven's occupants. The story is expected to be concluded in Act 3, with only the first of the last three layers having been released.
During the third act, V1 battles the Minotaur on its garden, and the Earthmover along with its defense system on a battlefield.

 Reception 
The game was praised for its movement mechanics and authenticity towards earlier arena shooters and first-person shooters. Christopher Livingston of PC Gamer described Ultrakill as faster and "even more metal than Doom Eternal" and commended the game for its verticality. It was also described as "[moving] like turbo Doom Eternal",in another PC Gamer article by Dominic Tarason, who noted that it "looks like a PSX game". It was also reviewed by Peter Glasgowski of TheGamer, who wrote that "...Ultrakill ticked off every box for me."

 References 

Habiganj-4
Habiganj-4 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2024 by Syed Sayedul Haque Suman.

 Boundaries 
The constituency encompasses Chunarughat and Madhabpur upazilas.

 History 
The constituency was created in 1984 from the Sylhet-17 constituency when the former Sylhet District was split into four districts: Sunamganj, Sylhet, Moulvibazar, and Habiganj.Ahead of the 2008 general election, the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census. The 2008 redistricting altered the boundaries of the constituency.

 Members of Parliament 

 Elections 

 Elections in the 2010s 

 Elections in the 2000s 

 Elections in the 1990s 

 References 

 External links 
"People's Republic of Bangladesh". Psephos.

Glen Innes, New South Wales
Glen Innes is a parish and town on the Northern Tablelands, in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia. It is the centre of the Glen Innes Severn Shire Council. The town is located at the intersection of the New England Highway and the Gwydir Highway. At the 2016 census, Glen Innes had a population of 6,155.

 History 
The original owners of Glen Innes and surrounding areas are the Ngarabal people.  The Ngarabal name of the township of Glen Innes is Gindaaydjin, meaning "plenty of big round stones on clear plains".
The arrival of European settlers saw the significant disruption of the life of Ngarabal people. Many Ngarabal people continue to live in the Glen Innes area, still practising many aspects of their traditional culture and way of life.In about 1838 Archibald Boyd registered the first run in the Glen Innes district. Two stockmen known as "the Beardies" because of their long beards took Boyd to this area to establish his run. The Beardies later introduced other squatters to the best runs in the area to become known as the Land of the Beardies or Beardie Plains.Furracabad Station was suggested by John James Galloway as an alternative to Wellingrove for a new town. However Furracabad Station was sold in the 1840s depression and passed to Major Archibald Clunes Innes, then to the Bank of Australasia, then to John Major, who sold it to Archibald Mosman. The name Glen Innes is believed to be bestowed by Mosman in honour of Innes. Glen Innes was gazetted as a town in 1852 and the first lots were sold in 1854. The post office was established in August 1854 and the court in 1858 when they replaced the Wellingrove offices.  In 1866 the population was about 350, with a telegraph station, lands office, police barracks, courthouse, post office and two hotels. There was still no coach service at this time, but in the 1870s a road was constructed to Grafton.
Tin was first discovered at Emmaville in 1872 and Glen Innes became the centre of a mining bonanza during the late 19th century. In 1875, the population had swelled to about 1,500 and the town had a two-teacher school, three churches, five hotels, two weekly newspapers, seven stores and a variety of societies and associations. On 19 August 1884 the new Main North railway from Sydney opened. The arrival of the rail service and the expansion of mining contributed a new prosperity in the town, which is reflected in some of the beautiful buildings there.The centre of the town retains some of its federation buildings and the owners have painted these buildings in the traditional colours. Many of these buildings have been placed on the Register of the National Estate.
The town boasts a railway station that was once part of the Main North Line. Today, the line is closed so the station is not in use and the buildings have been repurposed.

 Heritage listings 
Glen Innes has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

Bourke Street: Glen Innes Showground
Grey Street: Glen Innes Post and Telegraph Office
Main Northern railway: Glen Innes railway station
Main Northern railway, 694.371 km: Yarraford Rail Bridge over Beardy River

 Demographics 
According to the 2021 census of Population, there were 6,219 people in Glen Innes.

Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 6.8% of the population.
82.1% of people were born in Australia. The next most common country of birth was England at 2.0%.
88.0% of people spoke only English at home.
The most common responses for religion were Anglican 29.0%, Catholic 21.0% and No Religion 19.5%.

 Industries 
The Glen Innes district has been a producer of wool, sheep and beef cattle since it was first settled. Sapphires are mined in the creek valleys immediately west of town, and while tin is no longer commercially mined, mineral exploration is ongoing. The town holds regular livestock sales in the local sale-yards. The town contains all of the regular service industries required by the community. Notable individual businesses include a photographic processing facility, an exporter of waste material balers, a large cattle feedlot, and transport depots. Sawmilling was historically a major industry of the district, but is now only conducted on a reasonable scale by the local minimum-security prison. The conversion of State Forests into National Parks has led to tourism becoming an important employer.

 Climate 
Glen Innes is 1,062 metres (3,484 ft) AHD with an average annual rainfall of 857 millimetres (33.7 in). The climate is officially classed as a temperate oceanic climate (Köppen: Cfb). The area records some of Australia's coldest minimum temperatures outside the Snowy Mountains and Tasmania, with mild to warm summers and cold, windy winters with regular frosts and occasional snowfalls, though many snowfalls do not settle. Glen Innes's highest recorded temperature was 37.3 °C (99.1 °F) on 22 December 2019, and its coldest was −12.8 °C (9.0 °F) on 8 July 2002. Rainfall is heaviest in late spring, owing to the effects of the surrounding mountains, causing uplift which in turn causes frequent, heavy storms during this period. At 6:33AM on 19 July 2019, the town registered a temperature of −12.3 °C (9.9 °F), making it the coldest place in Australia in that year.

 Culture and tourism 
Among the many attractions of this area are the extensive Land of the Beardies History Museum with its collection of biographical and historical records, the town parks, fishing, fossicking areas, Gibraltar Range National Park, several waterfalls, the Australian Standing Stones, which are large monoliths and the World Heritage listed Washpool National Park.
There are several Christian churches, including the Cameron Memorial Uniting Church and St Andrews Presbyterian Church which hail from the town's Scottish roots; as well as the Holy Trinity Anglican and St Patrick's Catholic Churches, Baptist, Assembly of God, Seventh Day Adventist and other smaller congregations.
Annual events include: Minerama, a gem and fossicking festival; the Australian Celtic Festival, Land of the Beardies Festival, Pastoral and Agricultural Show and also horse racing, the Glen Innes Cup.
The Glen Innes Arts Council produces their own theatrical productions throughout the year and presents travelling productions and film screenings. It is the longest continuously running arts council in Australia, housed in their venue, The Chapel Theatre. The chapel is equipped with a state-of-the-art, 3D Digital Cinema system with Dolby 7.1 Sound. Information on Glen Innes Arts Council productions and screenings can be found at their website - http://www.gleninnesartscouncil.com
The town also has a thriving arts and crafts community, with a public art gallery, the Glen Innes Art Gallery that hold regular and changing exhibitions each year.

 Sport 
The most popular sport in Glen Innes is rugby league. The town's team, the Glen Innes Magpies, play in the Group 19 Rugby League A-Grade competition. However due to non interest and a lack of numbers to make a team, the Glen Innes Magpies had to withdraw from the group 19 competition in 2022.
Glen Innes has annual competitions and representative teams in the following: Golf, Rugby League, Rugby Union, Soccer, Lawn Bowls, Tennis, Netball, Basketball, Cricket, Squash, Touch Football, Tent Pegging, Campdrafting, Shooting, Sheepdog trials, Roller Skating and Roller Hockey.

 Media 
The district also has its own community radio station, 2CBD FM. As well as broadcasting on two local FM frequencies 91.1 Deepwater and 105.9 Glen Innes, it has a live 24/7 feed via the internet. The station is the only radio station with studios in Glen Innes and is run by volunteers and presents local information and a diverse mix of music.

 Notable residents 
Glen Innes was the birthplace of writer D'Arcy Niland, High Court judge Edward McTiernan and architects Colin Madigan and Nancy Allen.
Notable Former Residents: Bishop Thomas Absolem McCabe, the first bishop of Wollongong whose grave is in St Francis Xavier Cathedral grounds, Wollongong, Margaret Fulton, Australia's first and most famous real-food cookbook author and Garry McDonald of "Norman Gunston" and "Mother and Son" fame. Other prominent families in this district include the Gaden, Rodgers, Williams, Cameron, Donnelly, McIntyre, Williamson and Newsome families.
The district has produced several sportsmen and women who have represented Australia. These include two Olympians (Debbie Wells and David Cooper), Rugby League players Reg O'Keefe and John Ferguson, pistol shooters Bruce Favell and Robert Landers, masters athletics world champion Neville McIntyre and Andrew McIntyre (Tentpegging).
Two of the more highly decorated armed servicemen that still have family in the district were Peter Turnbull and Charles Curnow Scherf. Another major contributor to the wars from Glen Innes was Edward (Ted) Kinsella who was a soldier and army official who was stationed in Greece, Gallipoli and France.

 Glen Innes and Scotland 
Archibald Clunes Innes, from Thrumster, Caithness was a captain in the Third Regiment (Buffs), when he arrived in Australia in 1822 on the Eliza in charge of 170 convicts. He held a number of New England properties including Glen Innes Station and Dundee station.
Glen Innes has a number of street signs in Scottish Gaelic (though no residents speak the language). There is also a "Crofter"'s cottage.
The Australian Standing Stones are based on the Ring of Brodgar in Orkney (a non-Gaelic speaking area) or Calanais in Lewis.
Pitlochry is Glen Innes' twin town in Scotland.
Other towns nearby with Scottish names include Armidale, Ben Lomond and Glencoe. The name of nearby Inverell is also of Scottish Gaelic origin, meaning "meeting place of the swans" in reference to the black swans once typically seen on the Macintyre River.

 Twin towns 
Glen Innes has twin town status with Pitlochry in Scotland, and Mosman in Sydney.

 Wind farm 
Glen Innes is home to a turbine wind farm (White Rock Wind farm) which the New South Wales Government approved 23 km west of the town.
There are 70 turbines standing 150 metres high. Stage 2, consisting of another 49 turbines and a Solar Farm have also received approval from the NSW Government.

 See also 
Glen Innes Correctional Centre

 References 

 External links 

Glen Innes events and information
VisitNSW.com - Glen Innes Glen Innes travel guide from Wikivoyage

Gerry Parsky
Gerald L. Parsky (born 1942) is an American financier, philanthropist, and public servant.  He serves as chairman of Aurora Capital Group, a Los Angeles–based private investment firm managing over $2.0 billion of private equity capital.

 Personal 
Parsky was born in Hartford, Connecticut, in 1942 to Jewish parents who were unable to attend college because of the depression. For this reason, Mr. Parsky's parents dedicated themselves to providing the finest education possible to Parsky, who graduated from Princeton University and the University of Virginia Law School, and has devoted voluntary time to education.Parsky resides in Rancho Santa Fe, California.  He has two children, Laura Parsky of San Diego, California, and David Parsky of Los Angeles, California and two grandchildren, Annabelle and Izzy Parsky.

 Professional career 
After working for three years for a Wall Street law firm, he was recruited to the United States Department of the Treasury in 1971.  He served in various positions from 1971 to 1974 in the U.S. Treasury Department and the Federal Energy Office.From 1974 until 1977 he served as assistant secretary of the U.S. Treasury, responsible for capital markets policy; all of the Treasury Department's international affairs, including trade policy; international monetary policy; investment and energy policy; relations with industrial and developing countries; and U.S. policy relating to the international financial institutions, such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.From 1977 until 1992, Parsky was affiliated with the law firm of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, where he was a senior partner and a member of the executive and management committees.  In 1992, Parsky founded Aurora Capital Group.

 Public service 
Parsky has volunteered for numerous community, educational and public service activities.  He received appointments from five U.S. presidents.  In addition to serving Presidents Nixon and Ford, Parsky received appointments to the President's Council on Productivity (Reagan); the President's Export Council (George H.W. Bush) and the President's Commission to Strengthen Social Security (George W. Bush).  Parsky serves as a trustee to both the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation in California and the George (H.W.) Bush Presidential Library Foundation in Texas.He served as chairman of the 1996 Republican National Convention Host Committee in San Diego.  He also served as the California chairman of President George W. Bush's campaigns in 2000 and 2004.His other public service activities in California include appointments by California's governor to be: chairman of The commission on the 21st Century Economy (2009); and chairman of The Public Employee Post-Employment Benefits Commission (2007).

 Educational activities 
Appointed in 1996 to a twelve-year term as regent of the University of California, Parsky was elected unanimously by his peers to serve as their chairman.  Parsky oversaw the regents' governance of the university, including oversight and negotiations on behalf of the U.S. nuclear labs at Los Alamos and Lawrence Livermore, student admissions, expansion of the U.C. Merced campus, as well as budget and fiscal issues, including pension plans for the faculty and staff. Parsky retired as a Regent in 2008, and received a resolution from the Regents.Parsky also served as a charter trustee of Princeton University from 1981 to 1991; serves as a trustee of the Salk Institute; and the advisory council of Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University.

 Philanthropy 
Parsky and his family have established the Parsky Family Scholarship at Princeton University; the Parsky Family Scholarship at UCLA's Anderson School of Business and Management and the Parsky Family Scholarship at Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C.

 Awards 
Parsky has been awarded the Woodrow Wilson Institute Corporate Citizen Award; the Alexander Hamilton Award (the highest award presented in the U.S. Treasury Department); and was voted One of Ten Outstanding Young Men in America by U.S. Jaycees.Parsky holds a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Virginia School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts in English from Princeton University.

 References 

 External links 
Aurora Capital Group official website
Biography at UC Board of Regents
Appearances on C-SPAN

Alice Avery
Alice Lethbridge Avery (née Perry; 2 September 1868 – 29 September 1957) was a New Zealand artist.

Avery was born Alice Lethbridge Perry in Masterton on 2 September 1868, the sixth daughter of Bennet Pascoe Perry and Mary Ann Perry (née Masters). On 18 September 1895, she married Alfred Avery, who worked for the Government Life Insurance Department, in Masterton. They had two sons, including Norman Alfred Avery. They lived in Napier and later in Hastings.Avery exhibited at Auckland Society of Arts, Canterbury Society of Arts (1909 and 1925) and New Zealand Academy of Fine Arts (1905-1948). She exhibited at local clubs and societies, including the Masterton Sketch Club's annual exhibition, Havelock North Arts and Crafts exhibition, and the first exhibition of the Hawke's Bay Art Society. She sold four paintings at the New Zealand Academy of Fine Arts 1922 and 1930 exhibitions. Her artist files are held at Te Papa and one of her paintings is in MTG Hawke's Bay.Avery died in Hastings on 29 September 1957, having been predeceased by her husband in 1917, and her ashes were buried in Havelock North Cemetery.

 References 

Finn Bálor
Fergal Devitt (born 25 July 1981) is an Irish professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Finn Bálor (). He is a member of The Judgment Day stable and is one-half of the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions with stablemate Damian Priest in their second reign. Under the Undisputed Tag Team Championship banner, this is his second reign with both the Raw Tag Team Championship and SmackDown Tag Team Championship, making him an overall four-time tag team champion in WWE.
Devitt began his career in 2001, before becoming widely known for his tenure with New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), under the ring name Prince Devitt. Within the promotion, he is a three-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion and six-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champion, having held the title twice with Minoru and four times with Ryusuke Taguchi. He is also a two-time winner of the Best of the Super Juniors tournament, having won in 2010 and 2013, as well as being a founding member and the original leader of the Bullet Club stable. Through NJPW's working relationship with Mexican promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), Devitt also wrestled there, becoming a one-time NWA World Historic Middleweight Champion. He also wrestled for a number of independent promotions, becoming a one-time ICW Zero-G Champion, one-time RPW British Cruiserweight Champion and a two-time NWA British Commonwealth Heavyweight Champion.After signing with WWE's developmental system, NXT, and adopting his current ring name, Bálor won the NXT Championship, with his 292-day reign being the longest in the championship's history until March 2020. Also during his time in NXT, Bálor became the first co-winner of the inaugural Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic with Samoa Joe. Shortly after arriving on the main roster, Bálor became the first wrestler in WWE history to win a world title in their pay-per-view debut, the second ever Irish world champion in WWE (after Sheamus) as well as becoming the quickest wrestler in WWE history to win a world title at 27 days following his main roster debut by becoming the inaugural WWE Universal Champion at SummerSlam 2016. Bálor is also a two-time Intercontinental Champion and a one-time United States Champion. Bálor became a Grand Slam Champion on September 2, 2023, at Payback, winning the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship.

 Early life 
Fergal Devitt was born on 25 July 1981 in Bray, County Wicklow, the son of Leonie and Fintan Devitt. He has one older sibling and three younger siblings. He attended St. Cronan's School in Bray. Before deciding to become a professional wrestler, he played association football and Gaelic football. While growing up, he enjoyed watching World of Sport and WWF (now WWE) shows and was a fan of The British Bulldogs, Shawn Michaels, Mr. Perfect, Rick Rude, Savio Vega, and Koko B. Ware.

 Professional wrestling career 

 National Wrestling Alliance (2001–2007) 
After training at NWA UK Hammerlock, Devitt made his professional wrestling debut on 23 November 2001. He quickly won the NWA British Commonwealth Heavyweight Championship. After graduating, his wrestling career started quickly, and he began touring Ireland, the United Kingdom, and the United States. In mid-2002, Devitt, along with Paul Tracey, opened NWA Ireland, his own wrestling promotion based in Ireland. The promotion soon became the sister group of NWA UK Hammerlock as both promoted under the NWA banner. As part of NWA Ireland, Devitt trained future WWE competitor Becky Lynch, future European Heavyweight Champion and ICW Zero-G Champion Andy Roberts and future NXT Cruiserweight Champion Jordan Devlin.
On 8 October 2005, in Nashville, Tennessee, at the NWA 57th Anniversary Show, Devitt defeated Dru Onyx for his second British Commonwealth title. After the match both participants were invited to the New Japan Inoki Dojo in Santa Monica, California, to train. During late 2005, Devitt also began competing for the U.S.–based Millennium Wrestling Federation (MWF). He made his debut in a triple threat match at Soul Survivor III on 5 November, challenging for the MWF Television Championship against the champion Eddie Edwards and R. J. Brewer. He made his television debut on the November edition of MWF Ultra, in a match against Osiris. After impressing many promoters and trainers, he was invited to train in New Japan's main dojo in Tokyo, where, in early 2006, he began training in the Japanese style of professional wrestling. He lost the British Commonwealth Championship to Karl Anderson in March 2006.In June 2007, Devitt participated in a tournament for the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) called "Reclaiming the Glory", which was to crown a new NWA World Heavyweight Champion. The championship had been controlled by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) for several years, but in 2007 NWA had terminated its agreement with TNA. In the first round, Devitt defeated Australian wrestler Mikey Nicholls, but lost in the second round to Bryan Danielson.

 New Japan Pro-Wrestling (2006–2014) 

 Control Terrorism Unit and RISE (2006–2008) 
The day after losing the British Commonwealth Championship, Devitt signed a contract with New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) in March 2006. In April 2006, he made his NJPW debut against El Samurai, using the ring name Prince Devitt. Devitt later stated in an interview with PowerSlam Mag that New Japan renamed him Prince Devitt because nobody Japanese could pronounce his actual name. He was originally going to be called King David until people started questioning why the 24-year-old would be a king already. Eventually, Simon Inoki came up with the name Prince Devitt, which Devitt himself also preferred. In May 2006, New Japan started holding brand–exclusive events, and Devitt was assigned to the Wrestle Land brand, debuting under a mask as the second Pegasus Kid, which led to comparisons between Devitt and the original Pegasus Kid, Chris Benoit.During his tour of New Japan in late August and early September, he started competing again as his Prince Devitt identity, utilizing an Irish superstar gimmick. He eventually turned heel and started teaming with the Control Terrorism Unit (CTU) in an apprentice–type role. While teaming with CTU, he began a losing streak, aggravating his teammates to such a degree that they did not want anything to do with him anymore. This led to him being given one final chance on 6 October, where he rose to the occasion and impressed his CTU teammates enough to continue his association with them. To solidify his status with the stable, Devitt teamed with CTU leader, Jushin Thunder Liger to take on Wataru Inoue and Ryusuke Taguchi. In a huge twist, Devitt was the one to make the final cover on Inoue following a stiff brainbuster. From then on he was officially recognized as a member of the CTU.
His momentum was halted in January 2007, when he suffered a serious knee injury, sidelining him from in-ring action in New Japan until early May of that year. Following the injury, he returned to action, showing great improvement and was touted by fellow CTU teammate, Minoru, as the future winner of the 2007 Best of the Super Juniors tournament. However, when the tournament was held in June 2007, Devitt scored no points and was eliminated early from the competition. Following the folding of CTU in August 2007, Devitt and Minoru joined the new RISE stable, forming a tag team named "Prince Prince", a reference to both Devitt's ring name and Minoru's nickname, "Black Prince". In November 2007, TNA made a tour of Japan, during which Devitt and Minoru were defeated by TNA wrestlers Senshi and Christopher Daniels.
On 27 January 2008, Devitt and Minoru won the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, this served as Devitt's first major tag title reign. They lost the championship to Akira and Jyushin Thunder Liger in February, before regaining the title on 21 July. After a near three-month reign they lost the championship to No Limit (Tetsuya Naito and Yujiro) in October.

 Apollo 55 (2009–2013) 

Devitt teamed with Ryusuke Taguchi as Apollo 55 (アポロ・ゴー・ゴー, Aporo Gō Gō) and on 5 July 2009 at Circuit 2009 New Japan Soul they defeated The Motor City Machine Guns (Alex Shelley and Chris Sabin) to win the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship. On 30 May, Devitt entered the 2009 Best of the Super Juniors tournament. After winning his block in the round-robin stage of the tournament, Devitt advanced to the semifinals, where he defeated Kota Ibushi. In the end, Devitt was defeated in the finals of the tournament by Koji Kanemoto. In December, Devitt entered the 2009 Super J-Cup. After defeating Atsushi Aoki, Danshoku Dino and Yamato, Devitt was once again defeated in the finals of the tournament, this time by Naomichi Marufuji. On 4 January 2010, at Wrestle Kingdom IV in Tokyo Dome, Devitt and Taguchi successfully defended the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship against Averno and Último Guerrero. On 21 April, Devitt and Taguchi were stripped of the title, after not defending them for 30 days. On 8 May, the two entered the Super J Tag Tournament in an attempt to regain the championship, but were defeated in the finals by the team of El Samurai and Koji Kanemoto.On 30 May, Devitt entered the 2010 Best of the Super Juniors tournament and two weeks later finished second in his block with five victories, advancing to the semifinals of the tournament. On 13 June, Devitt first defeated Taiji Ishimori in the semifinals and then Kota Ibushi in the finals to win the tournament and earn a shot at Naomichi Marufuji's IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship. On 19 June at Dominion 6.19, Devitt defeated Marufuji to win the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship for the first time. Eleven days later, Devitt, Taguchi and Hirooki Goto won the J Sports Crown Openweight 6 Man Tag Tournament, defeating Hiroshi Tanahashi, TAJIRI and Kushida in the finals. Devitt made his first successful Junior Heavyweight Championship title defense on 11 July, defeating Pro Wrestling Noah's Atsushi Aoki. Just over a week later, on 19 July, Devitt and Taguchi defeated Koji Kanemoto and El Samurai to win the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship for the second time as a team. In August Devitt entered New Japan's biggest tournament of the year, the G1 Climax, as a substitute for the injured Naomichi Marufuji. Devitt managed to win four out of his seven matches in the round-robin stage of the tournament, including a major victory over former four-time IWGP Heavyweight Champion Hiroshi Tanahashi, but finished fifth in his block and missed advancing to the finals by a single point. On 3 September, Devitt made his second successful defense of the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship, defeating DDT Pro-Wrestling representative Kenny Omega, that he won on 11 November 2012. Omega and Kota Ibushi, the team known collectively as the Golden☆Lovers, came back on 11 October at Destruction '10 and defeated Devitt and Taguchi to win the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship.
On 11 December, Devitt made his third successful IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship defense, defeating another New Japan outsider, Davey Richards. On 4 January 2011, at Wrestle Kingdom V in Tokyo Dome, Devitt successfully defended the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship against Kota Ibushi, avenging the loss from the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship match. On 23 January at Fantastica Mania 2011, a New Japan and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) co–promoted event in Tokyo, Devitt and Taguchi defeated Kenny Omega and Kota Ibushi to regain the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, making Devitt a double IWGP champion for the second time. Devitt continued his streak of defending the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship against New Japan outsiders, when he successfully defended the title against Taka Michinoku on 20 February and Kushida on 19 March. In May, Devitt took part in the Invasion Tour 2011, New Japan's first tour of the United States, during which he successfully defended the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship against Low Ki on 14 May in New York City and the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship against the Strong Style Thugz (Homicide and Low Ki) on 15 May in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. On 26 May, Devitt entered the 2011 Best of the Super Juniors tournament. After losing his opening match against Davey Richards, Devitt went on a seven match winning streak to finish first in his block in the round-robin stage of the tournament. On 10 June, Devitt was eliminated from the tournament in the semifinals by his own tag team partner, Ryusuke Taguchi. On 18 June at Dominion 6.18, Devitt lost the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship to Best of the Super Juniors winner, Kota Ibushi, ending his reign at 364 days.On 23 June, Devitt, Taguchi and Hirooki Goto won their second J Sports Crown Openweight 6 Man Tag Tournament in a row by defeating the team of Giant Bernard, Jushin Thunder Liger and Karl Anderson in the finals of the three-day-long tournament. On 24 July, Devitt received his rematch for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship at Ryōgoku Peter Pan 2011, but was unable to regain the title from Ibushi. This led to a match on 14 August, where Apollo 55 successfully defended the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship against the Golden☆Lovers. On 11 September, Apollo 55 defeated Taichi and Taka Michinoku to make their seventh successful IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship defense, breaking the record for most defenses during a single reign. When Kota Ibushi was forced to vacate the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship after dislocating his left shoulder, Devitt, as the previous champion, was ushered into a decision match to determine a new champion. On 19 September, Devitt defeated Kushida to win the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship for the second time. On 10 October at Destruction '11, Devitt and Taguchi lost the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship to the No Remorse Corps (Davey Richards and Rocky Romero). Devitt made the first successful title defense of his second IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship reign on 12 November at Power Struggle, defeating Taka Michinoku, and followed that up by defeating the man who had pinned him for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, Davey Richards, in his second defense on 4 December. On 23 December, Devitt defeated the other half of No Remorse Corps, Rocky Romero, to make his third IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship defense. On 4 January 2012 at Wrestle Kingdom VI in Tokyo Dome, Devitt and Taguchi defeated Richards and Romero to once again regain the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, starting Devitt's record-breaking sixth reign as one half of the champions. On 12 February at The New Beginning, Apollo 55 lost the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship back to the No Remorse Corps in their first defense. This led to a match on 10 March, where Devitt defeated Davey Richards to make his fourth successful defense of the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship.On 14 March 2012, Devitt traveled to Mexico for his first tour of the country with the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre promotion, as part of a working relationship between New Japan and CMLL. After being sidelined from in-ring action due to a calf injury for his first week in Mexico, Devitt made his CMLL debut on 23 March, teaming with Marco Corleone and Rush in a six-man tag team main event, where they faced Mephisto, Último Guerrero and Volador Jr. After pinning Volador Jr. for the win, Devitt challenged him to a match for the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship. On 30 March, Devitt defeated Volador Jr. to become the new NWA World Historic Middleweight Champion. On 3 May at Wrestling Dontaku 2012, Devitt lost the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship to Low Ki in his fifth defense, ending his second reign at 227 days. On 27 May, Devitt entered the 2012 Best of the Super Juniors tournament, which he started off with losses against Kushida and Taichi. Devitt bounced back, winning five out of his six remaining matches, including a win over Jushin Thunder Liger in the final round-robin match of the tournament on 9 June, to finish second in his block and advance to the semifinals of the tournament. The following day, Devitt was eliminated from the tournament in the semifinals by Low Ki. On 8 July, Devitt defeated Taichi to make his first successful defense of the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship. His second successful title defense took place on 29 July, when he defeated previous champion Volador Jr. in a rematch in the main event of a New Japan event in Korakuen Hall. On 12 September, Devitt returned to Mexico for another tour with CMLL. Devitt wrestled his first match back in CMLL two days later at the 79th Anniversary Show, where he, Atlantis and Místico II were defeated in a six-man tag team match by Dragón Rojo Jr., Negro Casas and Último Guerrero, when Rojo pinned Devitt for the win. On 21 September, Devitt was again pinned by Rojo in a six-man tag team match, where he teamed with Blue Panther and La Sombra to face Rojo, Mr. Águila and Taichi. Afterwards, Devitt accepted Rojo's challenge for the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship. On the 28 September CMLL Super Viernes show, Devitt lost the title to Rojo, ending his reign at 182 days.Devitt returned to New Japan on 8 October at King of Pro-Wrestling, challenging IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion Low Ki to a title match, after he had regained the title from Kota Ibushi. On 21 October, Apollo 55 entered the 2012 Super Jr. Tag Tournament, defeating Chaos World Wrestling Warriors (Brian Kendrick and Low Ki) in their first round match. On 2 November, Devitt and Taguchi defeated the reigning IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champions, the Forever Hooligans (Alex Koslov and Rocky Romero), to advance to the finals of the tournament, where, later that same day, they were defeated by the Time Splitters (Alex Shelley and Kushida). On 11 November at Power Struggle, Devitt defeated Low Ki to win the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship for the third time. On 4 January 2013 at Wrestle Kingdom 7 in Tokyo Dome, Devitt defeated Low Ki and Kota Ibushi in a rare three-way match for his first successful defense of the title. Following his win, Devitt accepted a challenge for the title made by his tag team partner, Ryusuke Taguchi. On 3 February, Devitt picked up a big win, when he pinned reigning IWGP Heavyweight Champion Hiroshi Tanahashi in a tag team match, where he and Karl Anderson faced Tanahashi and Taguchi. Seven days later, Devitt defeated Taguchi at The New Beginning for his second successful defense of the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship. On 3 March, Devitt main evented New Japan's 41st anniversary event, losing to Hiroshi Tanahashi in a non-title match. Following the loss, Devitt began portraying a more cocky and villainous persona, regularly disrespecting both partners and opponents, with the exception of Ryusuke Taguchi, whom he tried to get to go along with his new attitude. On 5 April, Devitt defeated Alex Shelley for his third successful defense of the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship. Two days later at Invasion Attack, Apollo 55 unsuccessfully challenged Time Splitters for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, after which Devitt turned on Taguchi, ending the longtime partnership between the two, and debuted Bad Luck Fale as his new "bouncer", while also dubbing himself the "Real Rocknrolla".

 Bullet Club (2013–2014) 

The first match between the former members of Apollo 55 took place on 3 May at Wrestling Dontaku 2013, where Devitt and Fale defeated Taguchi and Captain New Japan in a tag team match. Later in the event, Devitt and Fale were joined by Karl Anderson and Tama Tonga for an attack on Hiroshi Tanahashi. The new group was subsequently named "Bullet Club". On 24 May, Devitt entered the 2013 Best of the Super Juniors, where he ended up winning his block with a clean record of eight wins, though often using outside help from his Bullet Club stablemates to win his matches. On 9 June, Devitt first defeated Kenny Omega in the semifinals and then Alex Shelley in the finals to win his second Best of the Super Juniors. Following his win, Devitt challenged Hiroshi Tanahashi, while also naming his next goal; becoming the first wrestler to hold the IWGP Junior Heavyweight and IWGP Heavyweight Championships simultaneously.On 22 June at Dominion 6.22, Devitt defeated Tanahashi with help from Bullet Club to earn his first shot at the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. Later in the event, reigning IWGP Heavyweight Champion Kazuchika Okada accepted Devitt's challenge for his title on the condition that he first defend the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship against his Chaos stablemate Gedo. On 5 July, Devitt defeated Gedo in his fourth successful title defense, advancing to the IWGP Heavyweight Championship match against Okada. The title match between the two took place on 20 July and saw Okada defeat Devitt, despite interference from the rest of Bullet Club, to retain his title. On 1 August, Devitt defeated Okada, with help from Fale, in the main event of the first day of the 2013 G1 Climax. Despite three other big wins over former IWGP Heavyweight Champions Hiroshi Tanahashi, Satoshi Kojima, and Togi Makabe, Devitt failed to advance from his block, finishing with a record of five wins and four losses. The rivalry between Devitt and Tanahashi culminated in a Lumberjack Deathmatch on 29 September at Destruction, where Tanahashi was victorious.
With the Tanahashi rivalry behind him, Devitt moved onto a new rivalry with Togi Makabe, who played a big part in him losing the Lumberjack Deathmatch. Meanwhile, Devitt also found himself a new challenger for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship, recent NJPW signee Kota Ibushi, who pinned him a tag team match on 9 November at Power Struggle, where he and Bad Luck Fale were defeated by Ibushi and Makabe. From 23 November to 7 December, Devitt and Fale took part in the 2013 World Tag League, where they finished with a record of three wins and three losses, with a loss against the previously winless Captain New Japan and Hiroshi Tanahashi on the final day costing them a spot in the semifinals.
On 4 January 2014 at Wrestle Kingdom 8 in Tokyo Dome, Devitt's fourteen-month reign as the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion came to an end when he lost the title to Kota Ibushi in his fifth defense. Devitt wrestled the entire match in a full face and body paint, which he continued using for his bigger matches for the rest of his NJPW run. The following day, Devitt was attacked by the returning Ryusuke Taguchi, who had been sidelined with an injury for the past seven months, re-igniting the rivalry between the two former partners. On 6 April at Invasion Attack 2014, one year after the break-up of Apollo 55, Devitt faced Taguchi in a singles grudge match. During the match, Devitt repeatedly told The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson), the two newest members of Bullet Club, not to interfere in the match, which eventually led to them turning on him. In the end, Taguchi defeated Devitt, after which the two men shook hands, ending their rivalry with each other. The following day, New Japan announced Devitt's resignation from the promotion.

 WWE (2014–present) 

 NXT Champion (2014–2016) 
On 15 May 2014, Devitt was reported to have signed with WWE and would join NXT - then the promotion's developmental territory - once he obtained a visa. On 28 July, WWE officially confirmed Devitt's signing, announcing he would report to NXT that same day. On 24 September, his new ring name was revealed to be Finn Bálor, derived from Irish mythological figures Fionn mac Cumhaill and Balor (the latter is also Gaelic for "Demon King"). Bálor made his NXT debut the next day, aiding Hideo Itami against The Ascension (Konnor and Viktor). In his debut match on 23 October, he and Itami defeated Justin Gabriel and Tyson Kidd in a tag team match. After feuding with The Ascension, Bálor and Itami defeated them at NXT TakeOver: R Evolution on 11 December, where he also debuted his signature body paint. Bálor then entered an NXT Championship number one contender's tournament, defeating Curtis Axel in the first round, Itami in the semi-finals and Adrian Neville in the finals on 11 February at NXT TakeOver: Rival. Bálor received his title match against Kevin Owens on 25 March, but was unsuccessful.
After defeating Tyler Breeze on 20 May at NXT TakeOver: Unstoppable, Bálor received another title shot against Owens on 4 July at The Beast in the East in Tokyo, Japan, defeating Owens to win the NXT Championship. Bálor defeated Owens in a ladder match to retain the title at NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn on 22 August. Bálor later entered the Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic tournament in August, pairing with Samoa Joe and defeating The Lucha Dragons (Sin Cara and Kalisto) in the first round, Enzo Amore and Colin Cassady in the quarter-finals, Dash Wilder and Scott Dawson in the semi-finals and Baron Corbin and Rhyno in the finals on 7 October at NXT TakeOver: Respect to win the tournament. On 4 November episode of NXT, Bálor defended the NXT Championship against Apollo Crews, but the match ended in a no contest after Baron Corbin interfered, attacking both men. Joe came out and chased Corbin away before turning on Bálor and attacking him, which ignited a feud between the two. At NXT TakeOver: London on 16 December, Bálor defeated Joe to retain the title. On 1 April at NXT TakeOver: Dallas, Bálor retained the NXT Championship in a rematch with Joe. On 17 April, Bálor became the longest reigning NXT Champion in history (the record has since broken by Adam Cole in 2020) by surpassing Neville's previous record of 287 days. On 21 April, Bálor lost the NXT Championship to Joe at a live event in Lowell, Massachusetts, ending his reign at 292 days. At NXT TakeOver: The End on 8 June, Bálor lost to Joe in the first ever NXT steel cage match in a rematch for the NXT Championship, marking his first TakeOver loss, and subsequently his first loss under his "Demon" persona. Bálor wrestled his final NXT match on 30 July, teaming with Shinsuke Nakamura to defeat Bobby Roode and Samoa Joe.

 Universal Champion and shoulder injury (2016–2017) 
On 19 July 2016, Bálor was drafted to the Raw brand as the fifth overall pick in the 2016 WWE draft, later declaring that he should have been the first pick. He made his first appearance for the brand on 25 July episode of Raw (on his 35th birthday), where he won the right to compete for the newly established WWE Universal Championship at SummerSlam by first defeating Rusev, Cesaro, and Kevin Owens in a fatal four–way match and then defeating Roman Reigns, who had won a similar fatal four–way match. At SummerSlam on 21 August, Bálor defeated Seth Rollins to become the inaugural Universal Champion and win his first world title. Since then, WWE reported that he sustained a shoulder injury during the match and an MRI revealed a labrum tear that would require surgery, which was successful. Because of this, it was expected that Bálor would be out four to six months, thus Raw General Manager Mick Foley later announced on Twitter that Bálor would be relinquishing his newly won WWE Universal Championship due to his injury after just 22 hours of holding it. While recovering from his injury, Bálor would appear on the WWE Network–exclusive United Kingdom Championship Tournament event.On 22 February 2017, Bálor returned to NXT to assist Shinsuke Nakamura, who was outnumbered by Andrade "Cien" Almas and Bobby Roode. On 10 March, Bálor made his in–ring return at a live event in a six–man tag team match, teaming with Chris Jericho and Sami Zayn to defeat Kevin Owens, Samoa Joe and Triple H. Bálor made his television return after WrestleMania 33 on 3 April episode of Raw, where he teamed with his former rival Seth Rollins as the two defeated Owens and Joe in a tag team match. Over the following weeks, Bálor would score victories over Jinder Mahal and Curt Hawkins while also receiving an ominous warning from Bray Wyatt and confronting Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson. On 4 June at Extreme Rules, Bálor competed in a fatal five–way extreme rules match to determine the number one contender for Brock Lesnar's Universal Championship, in which Bálor lost after he passed out from Samoa Joe's Coquina Clutch.

 Bálor Club (2017–2018) 
In the weeks leading up to SummerSlam, Bálor began a feud with Elias after he inadvertently interrupted one of his performances. This led to a No Disqualification match between the two, where Elias defeated Bálor after interference from Bray Wyatt. This led to a match between the two, where Wyatt was able to score a victory over Bálor. The two faced off in a rematch at SummerSlam on 20 August, where Bálor returned his "Demon King" character and defeated Wyatt. The feud between the two continued throughout the following months and led to another match, on 24 September at No Mercy where Bálor once again defeated Wyatt. The two were also set to face in a rematch between Bálor's "Demon King" and Wyatt's "Sister Abigail" at TLC. However, Wyatt was ruled out for the event on 20 October due to an illness, and was instead replaced by AJ Styles. Although he defeated Styles, the two showed mutual respect and gestured the "Too Sweet" hand symbol to each other following the match. At the Survivor Series event on 19 November, Bálor took part of the traditional inter-brand five–on–five elimination match as part of Team Raw where he was the fifth man eliminated by Randy Orton, although his team was ultimately victorious.On 1 January 2018 episode of Raw, Bálor teamed with Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson to defeat Elias and The Miz Touareg (Curtis Axel and Bo Dallas) in a six–man tag team match. The following week, the trio officially reunited and formed "Bálor Club", an homage to their former stable. That same night, they defeated Intercontinental Champion Roman Reigns and Raw Tag Team Champions Seth Rollins and Jason Jordan in a six–man tag team match. On 28 January, at the 2018 Royal Rumble, Bálor entered his first Royal Rumble match at number 2, lasting over 57 minutes and eliminating four participants before being eliminated by John Cena. Bálor competed for the first time in an Elimination Chamber match at the namesake pay–per–view on 25 February, where he entered last but was the second participant eliminated by Braun Strowman. Over the next two months, Bálor started a short feud with The Miz and Seth Rollins over the Intercontinental Championship, which led to a triple threat match at WrestleMania 34 on 8 April (which was also Bálor's Wrestlemania debut) where Rollins won the title. At the Greatest Royal Rumble event on 27 April, Bálor once again unsuccessfully challenged for the Intercontinental Championship in a fatal four–way ladder match against Rollins, Miz and Samoa Joe. Bálor competed in a Money in the Bank ladder match on 17 June, however, the match was ultimately won by Braun Strowman.After the Money in the Bank pay–per–view, Bálor engaged in a feud with Baron Corbin, whom he defeated on two different occasions—on 15 July (at the Extreme Rules event) and on 19 August (at the SummerSlam event under his "Demon King" persona). One night after SummerSlam, on 20 August episode of Raw, Bálor was finally awarded with his Universal Championship rematch against newly crowned champion Roman Reigns, however he was unsuccessful in regaining the title. Throughout the next few months, Bálor would compete in various matches against competitors such as Jinder Mahal, and Bobby Lashley. Bálor then started a feud with Drew McIntyre who saved him from an attack by Lashley only to attack Bálor himself. During that time, Bálor was announced as part of Team Raw for the traditional interbrand five–on–five elimination match at Survivor Series on 18 November, where he was the first man from the team to be eliminated by Rey Mysterio.

 Intercontinental Champion (2018–2019) 
On 16 December at the TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs event, Bálor gained revenge over McIntyre as he defeated him in a singles match after interference by McIntyre's former ally Dolph Ziggler. After the match, Ziggler would attack Bálor backstage after the latter implied that he didn't need his help to beat McIntyre. This sparked a match between the two that took place the following night on Raw, which ended in a no contest as McIntyre would attack both of them. On 17 December tapings of 24 December edition of Raw, Bálor defeated Ziggler and McIntyre a triple threat match, ending the feud. On 12 January 2019 at NXT UK TakeOver: Blackpool, Bálor made a surprise appearance as Travis Banks's replacement in his match against Jordan Devlin, as Banks was attacked by Devlin earlier that day, and subsequently defeated Devlin. On 14 January episode of Raw, after Braun Strowman was removed from his Universal Championship match against Brock Lesnar at the Royal Rumble after damaging Vince McMahon's limo, Bálor was booked in a fatal-four way match against Drew McIntyre, John Cena and Baron Corbin to determine who would take Strowman's place against Lesnar at the pay-per-view, in which Bálor emerged victorious after pinning Cena. On 27 January at the Royal Rumble pay-per-view, Bálor was defeated by Lesnar via submission. After the match, Lesnar attacked Bálor with three F-5s.On the Raw episode of 28 January, Bálor was interrupted by Intercontinental Champion Bobby Lashley and Lio Rush while addressing his loss and was subsequently attacked by Lashley, sparking a feud between the two. On 17 February at the Elimination Chamber pay-per-view, Bálor defeated Lashley and Rush in a two-on-one handicap match to capture the Intercontinental Championship after Bálor pinned Rush. Bálor faced Lashley on 11 March edition of Raw in a rematch, where he lost the title to Lashley following interference from Rush. On 25 March edition of Raw, Bálor defeated Lashley and Jinder Mahal in a handicap match to gain a rematch for the Intercontinental title at WrestleMania 35. Bálor, using his "Demon" persona, went on to defeat Lashley on 7 April at WrestleMania and regained the Intercontinental Championship. The following night on Raw, Bálor defeated the returning Sami Zayn in an impromptu title defense. On 15 April episode of Raw, he lost a non-title match to the debuting Andrade after interference from Zelina Vega. In the 2019 WWE Superstar Shake-up, Bálor moved to the SmackDown brand, making his debut on 16 April episode of SmackDown, defeating Ali in a non-title match. The following week on SmackDown, Bálor was victorious in a rematch against Andrade. At Super ShowDown on 7 June, Balor successfully defended his title against Andrade under his "Demon" persona. At the Extreme Rules kick-off show on 14 July, Bálor lost the championship to Shinsuke Nakamura. The following night on Raw, Bálor was assaulted by "The Fiend" Bray Wyatt after his match. At SummerSlam on 11 August, Bálor was defeated by Wyatt in a singles match.

 Return to NXT (2019–2021) 
After a near two-month absence from television, Bálor made his return to WWE programming on 2 October episode of NXT, confronting NXT Champion Adam Cole following the latter's title defense against Matt Riddle and officially announced his return to NXT (as it had grown from a developmental territory in Bálor's first stint into a third global brand within WWE). On 23 October episode of NXT, Bálor turned heel when he aided The Undisputed Era by injuring Johnny Gargano and attacking Tommaso Ciampa. Bálor began a feud with Matt Riddle the next month leading to a match between the two being scheduled for NXT TakeOver: WarGames on 23 November, where Bálor emerged victorious. Following this, Bálor challenged Adam Cole for the NXT Championship on 18 December episode of NXT, which he lost after a distraction from the returning Johnny Gargano. Afterwards, Gargano challenged Bálor to a match at NXT TakeOver: Portland on 16 February 2020, which Bálor won.On 22 April 2020 episode of NXT, Bálor was scheduled to have a match against Velveteen Dream, but Bálor was knocked out by an unknown attacker before he could leave his dressing room. Two weeks later, Bálor concluded that there was a "snake hiding in the long grass back there" and that whoever attacked him wanted a push. Bálor assured the audience that it won't be a push, but rather a squash. Later that night he got in an altercation with Cameron Grimes which resulted in a match between the two the next week. On 13 May episode of NXT, Damian Priest cost Bálor the match by using a nightstick behind the referee's back, and Priest then revealed that he was the one who knocked out Bálor three weeks prior, thus turning Bálor face once again. At TakeOver: In Your House on 7 June, Bálor defeated Priest. At NXT TakeOver: XXX on 22 August, Bálor defeated Timothy Thatcher.On 8 September at NXT: Super Tuesday II, Bálor defeated Adam Cole to win the vacant NXT Championship for the second time. At NXT TakeOver 31 on 4 October, Bálor made a successful title defense against Kyle O'Reilly. It was revealed he had suffered a broken jaw during the match and was forced to undergo surgery. Bálor made his return on 9 December episode of NXT where he was confronted by O'Reilly, Pete Dunne, Damian Priest and Scarlett (on behalf of Karrion Kross). Balor would then successfully defend the championship in a rematch against O'Reilly on 6 January 2021 at NXT: New Year's Evil. He would also defend the championship against Pete Dunne and Adam Cole at NXT TakeOver: Vengeance Day on 14 February and on 10 March episode of NXT respectively with both times successfully defending it. At NXT TakeOver: Stand & Deliver on 8 April, Bálor lost the championship to Karrion Kross, ending his second reign at 212 days. Balor would face Kross in a rematch for the title on 25 May episode of NXT, but was defeated. His rematch with Kross would mark Bálor's final match in NXT.

 The Judgment Day (2021–present) 

After a two-month hiatus from television, Bálor made his return on 16 July episode of SmackDown. He would face WWE Universal Champion Roman Reigns on two occasions, once at SmackDown and the second one at Extreme Rules on 26 September under his "Demon" persona, but he was defeated. As part of the 2021 Draft, Bálor was drafted to the Raw brand, where he participated in the King of the Ring tournament, being defeated in the finals by Xavier Woods on 21 October at Crown Jewel. On 28 February 2022 episode of Raw, Bálor defeated Damian Priest to win the WWE United States Championship for the first time in his career. On 18 April episode of Raw, Bálor lost the United States Championship to Theory, ending his reign at 49 days.At Hell in a Cell on 5 June, Bálor teamed with AJ Styles and Liv Morgan to face The Judgment Day (Edge, Damian Priest and Rhea Ripley) in a six-person mixed tag team match, but lost. On the 6 June episode of Raw, Edge introduced Bálor as the newest member of The Judgment Day, turning Bálor heel for the first time on the main roster, however, Bálor, Priest and Ripley suddenly attacked Edge, kicking him out of the group and cementing Bálor's heel turn. Bálor and Priest lost to The Mysterios (Rey and Dominik Mysterio) on 30 July at SummerSlam and at Clash at the Castle on 3 September, they lost to Rey and Edge, where Dominik turned heel on both of them to join The Judgment Day. At Extreme Rules on 8 October, Bálor defeated Edge in an "I Quit" match following interference from The Judgment Day. On 5 November at Crown Jewel, Bálor, Priest, and Dominik defeated The O.C. (Styles, Luke Gallows, and Karl Anderson) in a six-man tag team match after interference from Ripley. Three weeks later at Survivor Series WarGames on 26 November, Bálor lost to Styles. On the following episode of Raw, The Judgment Day defeated The O.C. in an eight-person mixed tag team match to end their feud.At the Royal Rumble on 28 January 2023, Bálor entered the Royal Rumble match at #20 but was eliminated by the returning Edge afterwards Bálor and Priest eliminated Edge with help from Dominik. At Elimination Chamber on 18 February, Bálor and Ripley lost to Edge and Beth Phoenix in a mixed tag team match. At Night 2 of WrestleMania 39 on 2 April, Bálor, in his “Demon” persona, lost to Edge in a Hell in a Cell match. During the match, Bálor suffered an injury after getting hit by a ladder thrown by Edge and had to be medically treated in the ring.Bálor would then be selected amongst a group of Raw superstars to participate in a tournament to crown a new World Heavyweight Champion. On the May 8 episode, Bálor would defeat Cody Rhodes and The Miz in a Triple Threat Match, before facing Seth "Freakin" Rollins in a singles match in a losing effort. This led to a feud between him and Rollins, who had become the inaugural World Heavyweight Champion after defeating AJ Styles at Night of Champions. Bálor would cite how Rollins costed him the Universal Championship from his injury back in 2016 as a major reason for going after him on the June 12 episode of Raw before challenging him to a title match at Money in the Bank, to which Rollins accepted.  At the event on 1 July, Bálor would be unsuccessful in defeating Rollins for the title after an unintended distraction by Priest, who had just won the Money in the Bank Ladder Match earlier during the night and seemingly had intentions of cashing in, would cause him to lose the match. At SummerSlam on August 5, Bálor failed to win the title from Rollins despite interference from Priest, Dominik and Ripley.
At Payback on September 2, Bálor and Priest defeated Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn to win the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship after interference from Dominik, Ripley and JD McDonagh. With this win, Bálor became the 24th WWE Grand Slam Champion. On September 25 episode of Raw, Bálor and Priest retained their titles in a rematch against Owens and Zayn. However, they lost the titles to Cody Rhodes and Jey Uso at Fastlane on October 7 after McDonagh accidentally hit Priest with his Money in the Bank briefcase, ending their first reign at 35 days, but they regained the titles in a rematch on the October 16 episode of Raw. On the 13 November episode of Raw, Bálor and Priest defeated Rhodes and Uso in a rematch to retain their titles after interference from Drew McIntyre. On the 24 November episode of SmackDown, Bálor and Priest successfully defended their titles against The Street Profits (Angelo Dawkins and Montez Ford). The next night at Survivor Series WarGames, Bálor participated in his first WarGames match alongside The Judgment Day (which now included McDonagh) and McIntyre against Rhodes, Rollins, Uso, Zayn and the returning Randy Orton in a losing effort. On the December 18 episode of Raw, Bálor and Priest successfully defended their titles against the Creed Brothers.

 Professional wrestling style and persona 
After working under his real name, Devitt changed his ring name to Prince Devitt when he went to New Japan Pro-Wrestling because nobody Japanese could pronounce his actual name. He was originally going to be called King David until people started questioning why the 24-year-old would be a king already. Eventually, Simon Inoki came up with the name Prince Devitt, which Devitt himself also preferred. During his time in Japan, Devitt started to use body paint during some matches.When he signed with WWE, Devitt worked under two characters: Finn Bálor (named after the legendary Irish hero Fionn mac Cumhaill and Balor of the Evil Eye, an antagonistic character from Gaelic mythology)  and The Demon (sometimes the Demon King), a darker and more aggressive otherworldly alter-ego. After Devitt returned to NXT in 2019, he said he will use the character of The Demon less as its overuse had ruined the element of surprise.Devitt uses a double foot stomp named "Coup de Grace" as a finisher. He also uses a lifting single underhook DDT (named "Bloody Sunday" in NJPW and "1916" in WWE) as a finisher.

 Other media 
Devitt has appeared as a playable character in the video games WWE 2K16, WWE 2K17, WWE 2K18, WWE 2K19, WWE 2K20, WWE 2K Battlegrounds, WWE 2K22, and WWE 2K23.

 Personal life 
On 19 August 2019, Devitt married Mexican sports journalist Vero Rodríguez in a private ceremony in Tulum. They had confirmed their relationship in June that year, during an interview at the UEFA Champions League final, and Devitt proposed to Rodríguez the following day. They reside in Orlando, Florida.
Devitt holds a first-degree black belt in IBF submission wrestling. He is good friends with fellow professional wrestlers AJ Styles, Karl Anderson, Luke Gallows, Tama Tonga, Jordan Devlin and Dru Onyx. He is an avid comic book reader and collector of Lego, and has worn face and body paint inspired by comic book characters when wrestling. He is a supporter of English football team Tottenham Hotspur FC.

 Championships and accomplishments 

American Wrestling Roadshow
Wrestling.Ie Championship (1 time)
Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre
NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship (1 time)
Insane Championship Wrestling
ICW Zero-G Championship (1 time)
Kaientai Dojo
Best Tag Team Match (2010) with Ryusuke Taguchi vs. Makoto Oishi and Shiori Asahi on 17 April
New Japan Pro-Wrestling
IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship (3 times)
IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship (6 times) – with Minoru (2) and Ryusuke Taguchi (4)
Best of the Super Juniors (2010, 2013)
J Sports Crown Openweight 6 Man Tag Tournament (2010, 2011) – with Ryusuke Taguchi and Hirooki Goto
New York Post
Faction of the Year (2023) as part of The Judgment Day
NWA UK Hammerlock
NWA British Commonwealth Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Faction of the Year (2023)  as part of The Judgment Day
Ranked No. 3 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2016
Revolution Pro Wrestling
British Cruiserweight Championship (1 time)
Rolling Stone
NXT Star of the Year (2015)
Tokyo Sports
Best Bout Award (2010) with Ryusuke Taguchi vs. Kenny Omega and Kota Ibushi on 11 October
Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Most Underrated (2018)
WWE
WWE Universal Championship (1 time, inaugural)
NXT Championship (2 times)
WWE Intercontinental Championship (2 times)
WWE United States Championship (1 time)
WWE Raw Tag Team Championship (2 times, current) – with Damian Priest
WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship (2 times, current) – with Damian Priest
17th Grand Slam Champion (under current format; 24th overall)
Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic (2015) – with Samoa Joe
NXT Championship #1 Contender's Tournament (2015)
NXT Year-End Award (3 times)Male Competitor of the Year (2015)
Overall Competitor of the Year (2015)
Match of the Year (2020) vs. Kyle O'Reilly at NXT TakeOver: 31

 References 

 External links 

Finn Bálor on WWE.com
Finn Bálor's New Japan Pro-Wrestling profile
NWA Pro profile
Finn Bálor's profile at Cagematch.net, Wrestlingdata.com, Internet Wrestling Database
Southside Wrestling Entertainment profile
Fergal Devitt at IMDb

Jean Patton
Jean Patton (born 1932) is an American track and field sprinter who competed in the 100-meter dash and 200-meter dash. She was a three-time national champion, winning the women's 100 m in 1949 and 1950, before a 200 m title in 1951.She competed at one major international tournament for the United States, the 1951 Pan American Games, where she excelled with gold medals in the 200 m and 4 × 100 metres relay (alongside Nell Jackson, Dolores Dwyer and Janet Moreau), as well as a silver medal in the 100 m behind Peru's Julia Sánchez.An African-American, she attended Tennessee State College and competed for the institution athletically.

 National titles 
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
100 m: 1949, 1950
200 m: 1951

 See also 
List of 100 metres national champions (women)

 References 

Linda Sheskey
Linda Sheskey (born Linda Detlefsen on October 18, 1962, nka Linda Nicosia) is a retired middle distance runner from the United States. She competed in the 1980s and 90s for her native country. While running for the University of Georgia, she became the first women's NCAA champion for that school.  She was the 1986 National Champion at 1500 meters. She was also the 1989 Indoor champion both times representing Athletics West.  Sheskey set her personal best in the women's 1,500 metres event (4:04.89) on July 16, 1987, at the Meeting de Paris in Paris, France.  Later that year she was the Pan American Games champion.

 International competitions 

 National titles 
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
1500 m: 1986

 References 

 External links 
Profile
Linda Sheskey at World Athletics 
The 63rd July 4th Road Race(2022) Fifty Years of First Women

Ronnie Ray
Ronnie Ray (born January 2, 1954) is an American retired male track and field athlete, who competed in the sprints events during his career. He is best known for winning the men's 400 metres event at the 1975 Pan American Games in Mexico City, Mexico. In that race on 18 October 1975 Ray set his personal best: 44.45.
In 1972, while competing for Homer L. Ferguson High School in Newport News, Virginia, Ray established the National high school record in the 440 yard dash.  High school competition shifted to metric distances in 1980, so the race is now rarely contested.  Ray's time of 45.8 remains the record to this day. There's also 2 different other people with the same name that are famous

 External links 
Ronnie Ray at World Athletics 
Profile at trackfield.brinkster.net

Raymond Pierre
Raymond Pierre (born September 19, 1967) is a former American track and field athlete, who competed in the sprinting events during his career. Pierre won the 1989 NCAA 400 meters running for Baylor University. He is best known for winning the men's  400-meter dash event at the 1987 Pan American Games.
He also won silver medals in the 4×400 m relay at the 1989 IAAF World Cup (with Antonio Pettigrew among others) and at the 1991 IAAF World Indoor Championships alongside Charles Jenkins, Andrew Valmon and Antonio McKay. He was the alternate relay runner at the 1987 World Championships in Athletics, helping the United States team qualify into the final with a championship record of 2:59.06 minutes, which the team later improved upon in their gold medal winning run.
Pierre is also recognized as an outstanding track starter having served in that position for many years for the NCAA Championships, Big 12 Conference Championships, Baylor's Michael Johnson Invitational and the Texas Relays, among other Meets.

 References 
trackfield.brinkster
Raymond Pierre at World Athletics

Mike Roberson
Mike Roberson (born March 25, 1956) is an American former sprinter.Roberson was a very talented track athlete for his high school, Winter Park, and college, Florida State.At Winter Park, Roberson competed in the 120-yard high hurdles, and the 100- and 220-yard sprint races. At the state meet in 1975, Roberson set a national high school record of 13.2 s in the 120 hurdles plus recording the outstanding times of 9.4 s for the 100 y and 21.1 s for the 220 y. Also in 1975, Robertson clocked a high-school record for the 100 y at 9.2 s and equalled the then records for the 120 y hurdles (his new record was pending) and 220 y.Roberson was a key member of the Florida State track team during his years there, 1976–1980, setting college indoor and outdoor records in the 60, 100, and 200 m, and Metro Conference records in the 100 and 200 m. His greatest triumph was winning the 1980 NCAA (United States college) title at 200 m.Roberson also triumphed on the international stage by winning gold in the 100 m at the 1979 World University Games and as part of the winning United States 4 × 100 m relay team at the 1979 Pan American Games.His triumphs as a high-school and college athlete in Florida were honoured by having a track meet named after him - the Mike Roberson Invitational. The meet was started by the former coach of his old high school, Winter Park, Bob Mosher.In 1985, he was inducted into the Florida State University Hall of Fame.In 1989, he was inducted into the Central Florida Sports Hall of Fame.In 2010, he was inducted into the Winter Park Sports Hall of Fame.

 References 

Ernie Shelton
Ernest ("Ernie") Earl Shelton (born October 28, 1932) was a male high jumper from the United States, who competed in the 1950s. He won the gold medal at the 1955 Pan American Games.
Shelton set his personal best in the men's high jump event (2.115 metres) on 1955-06-10 at a meet in his home town of  Los Angeles. He failed to qualify for the 1956 Summer Olympics, finishing in fifth place (2.04 metres) at the 1956 US Olympic Trials. Shelton also competed in the decathlon.
He first competed for Washington Preparatory High School in Los Angeles, finishing in a 5-way tie for 2nd place at the 1951 CIF California State Meet. Next he went to the University of Southern California where he won the NCAA Outdoor Track and Field Championships twice in a row. He won the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in both 1954 and 1955 (1955 tied with Charles Dumas who at the time was still at Centennial High School (Compton, California) who would win the Olympic Gold medal the following year  Both Dumas and Shelton were in a race to become the first man to clear 7 feet, with Dumas getting the honor. It was crushing to Shelton, who never did clear 7 feet.
Shelton has gone on to become a celebrated sculptor, working from his studio in Cambria, California.  He has worked as an Imagineer on the original Disneyland creating a statue in the Ancient Cambodian City section of the Jungle Cruise attraction as well as work at EPCOT and Tokyo Disneyland. He sculpted numerous artworks for the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences headquarters in North Hollywood, including life-sized statues of Johnny Carson, Jack Benny, Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz. He has also contributed to special effects pieces for RoboCop, Total Recall, Legend and other motion pictures.

 Achievements 

 References 

Profile

Bo Roberson
Irvin "Bo" Roberson (July 23, 1935 – April 15, 2001) was an American track and field athlete and football player.  At Cornell University he excelled in basketball, football, and track and field. At the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy he won the silver medal in the long jump, a centimeter short of the Olympic record 8.12 m gold medal jump by Ralph Boston.
After the Olympics, Roberson had a seven-year Pro Football career as a wide receiver in the American Football League with the San Diego Chargers, Oakland Raiders, Buffalo Bills, and Miami Dolphins.  He caught three passes for eighty-eight yards in the Bills' 23–0 defeat of the Chargers in the 1965 American Football League Championship Game.  Roberson led the league in all purpose yards in 1964, and was named to the AFL All-Star Game in 1965.
After his NFL career was over, Roberson became the first track and field coach at University of California, Irvine and later coached track at Rolling Hills High School.
Roberson is the only person to have an Ivy League degree, a Ph.D., an Olympic medal and a career in the NFL.At the time of his death, he was retired from a position as psychologist with the Los Angeles Unified School District.

 See also 

 References 

Sara Slattery
Sara Elizabeth Slattery (née Gorton; born October 2, 1981) is an American middle- and long-distance runner who mainly competes in track races. Slattery has represented the United States at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships at both junior and senior level.
She was a two-time NCAA champion while competing for the Colorado Buffaloes, first taking the indoor title over 5000 meters in 2003 then the 10,000 meters outdoor title in 2005. In 2007, she won the 10,000 m at the Pan American Games, setting a Games record time. The following year she was the USA champion over 8 km and just missed an Olympic spot in the 5000 m after a fourth-place finish at the Olympic Trials in 2008.
In 2013, Sara began racing on the ElliptiGO elliptical bicycle, winning the 2013 ElliptiGO World Championships race up Palomar Mountain in San Diego County.She is married to Steve Slattery, a steeplechase runner and currently works at the University of Colorado, where she earned her Master's degree in education.

 Career 

 High school 
Born in Phoenix, Arizona, she took up running as a high school athlete at Mountain Pointe High School and had her first successes at the Foot Locker Cross Country Championships, where she was the runner-up at the state-level event in 1997 and 1998 before going on to win the title in 1999. She was chosen for the United States junior team at the 1999 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and in her first international outing she placed 73rd overall. Later that year she ran in the 3000 meters at the 1999 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships and beat Madai Pérez to win the title.

 Colorado Buffaloes 
She graduated in 2000 and began studying economics at the University of Colorado. In her first year of collegiate competition, she came second at the Rocky Mountain Shootout cross country race, third at Big 12 Championships, then placed eighth at the 2000 NCAA Women's Cross Country Championship to become the first freshman to win All-American honours at Colorado. Her performance as helped Colorado take the women's team title.She competed at the USA Cross Country Championships and was ninth in the short race. In her first indoor track season for Colorado, she ran a university record for the indoor mile run at the Nebraska Quadrangular meet. At the Big 12 indoor track and field championships she won the mile title and was runner-up over the 3000 meters. A sixth-place finish in the mile at the NCAA Women's Indoor Track and Field Championship brought her further All-America honours. A bout of mononucleosis ruled her out of competition for the rest of the year.In 2002, she came tenth in the NCAA Cross Country meet then was eighth in the 4 km race at the USA event. At the Big 12 Indoor event she broke the championship record with her winning run of 4:40.35 minutes in the mile and managed second in the 3000 m. At the NCAA indoors she came seventh in the mile run. Turning to the outdoor track season, she broke the meet record at the Big 12 Championships, taking the 5000 meters title in a time of 16:11.83 minutes. Following a personal record run of 15:51.55 minutes at the Cardinal Invitational, she competed at the NCAA Outdoor Championships and came fourth in the 5000 m.Slattery did not compete in the 2003 cross country season, choosing to focus on the track instead. She doubled in the 3000 m and 5000 m events at the Big 12 indoor championship and won both titles. At the 2003 NCAA Indoors she came third in the 3000 m then ran a championship record time of 15:39.25 minutes in the 5000 m, winning her first NCAA title in the process. The outdoor Big 12 meet saw her win the 5000 m title and finish runner-up over 1500 meters. She competed over the longer distance at the NCAA Outdoors and reached the podium with a third-place finish. She finished her economics degree that year, being named in the Academic All-Big 12 Conference list, and carried on into post-graduate study at Colorado on its Masters of Education course. She helped Colorado to the NCAA Cross Country team title, but did not compete for the rest of that year. She married fellow Colorado athlete Steve Slattery, a steeplechase specialist, in January 2004.Slattery's second NCAA title came outdoors in 2005, where she took first place in the 10,000 meters with a time of 33:02.21 minutes (which ranked 8th nationally that year). She graduated later that year and ended her collegiate career having won 10 All-America honours, two individual NCAA titles. She set school records for the 1500 m, mile run, and 3000 m indoors and the 5000 m outdoors.

 Professional career 
The 2006 season was Slattery's first as a professional athlete. She came third  in the 3000 m at the USA Indoor Track and Field Championships. That year she improved three personal bests, running 8:58.09 minutes for the 3000 m, 15:08.32 minutes for the 5000 m and 31:57.94 minutes for the 10,000 m. She was fourth in the long race at the National Cross Country event and was then selected for the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where she came 26th. A few months later she came second in the 10,000 m at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships and won Colorado's Bolder Boulder 10K road race. The winter of 2006 Slattery was injured with a stress fracture from falling on the ice while training in Boulder. She claims that the injury allowed her to be fitter later in the season, which helped her performance at the 2007 Pan American Games. Although she only placed eighth in the 10,000 m at the 2007 USA Outdoors, she was chosen for the event at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro. She won her first international gold medal at the competition and her time of 32:54.11 minutes was a Pan American Games record.Her 2008 season was a mix of track and road competitions. She won the national road title over 8 km, was third at the Great Yorkshire Run 10K, and placed fourth at the Carlsbad 5000. At the United States Olympic Trials she ran in both the 5000 m and 10,000 m events. However, she did not make the Olympic team, coming fourth and seventh respectively. She had a 3000 m season's best run of 9:00.25 minutes at the London Grand Prix and was eleventh in that event at the 2008 IAAF World Athletics Final.Slattery did not compete in 2009 and took on an assistant position for the Colorado Buffaloes at her alma mater in January 2010. She continued to race occasionally, including a 10K win at the Bermuda Race Weekend, where her husband was also runner-up in the men's section.A few weeks before the Olympic Trials in the summer of 2012, Slattery tore her hamstring and was not able to compete in the trials, summer track, or the summer and fall road races. It took her most of the summer to recover and rehab from this injury. As of the fall of 2012, she has been focusing on building up her mileage.In June 2015, Sara gave birth and has been working to get back into shape for Olympic trials. She participated in a New York Times profile in July 2015 describing how she was hired to race against a competitive runner in NYC as a birthday gift.

 Personal bests 
All information taken from IAAF profile.

 International competition record 

 Coaching 
Rob Brink hired Sara in summer 2015."I am thrilled to be the new cross country and distance coach at GCU," said Slattery. "With the move to Division I athletics, it is a very exciting time to be a part of Grand Canyon University athletics. With great weather and amazing trails to train on, Phoenix is an optimal place to train for distance runners. I look forward to building a competitive program." "I am thrilled to announce the hiring of Sara Slattery as our new head cross country coach at Grand Canyon University!" said head track and field coach Tom Flood.  "I had a very short list of coaching candidates and Sara was right at the top. She is a true champion in her own right and has competed for one of the top distance programs in the country. I feel she has the perfect background to make an immediate impact on our programs and will lead our GCU distance programs to national success." (8/18/2015)

 References 

 External links 
Sara Slattery at World Athletics

Rod Richard
Rodney ("Rod") Richard (born February 8, 1932) is an American athlete who competed in the 1955 Pan American Games.
At the 1955 Pan American Games, he won the gold medal in the 100 metre event as well as in the 200 metre competition. He was also a member of the American relay team which won the gold medal in the 4×100 metre contest.
In 1956, he failed to qualify for the Olympics after finishing seventh in the 100 metre event as well as in the 200 metre competition at the USA Olympic Trials in Los Angeles.

 External links 
Profile at trackfield.brinkster.net

Ed Moran
Ed Moran (born May 27, 1981) is a retired track and road runner who specialized in various long-distance disciplines. A gold medalist in the 5000-meter race at the 2007 Pan American Games, he would go on to represent the United States at two IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 2008 and 2009, before finishing the 2011 New York City Marathon in 9th place.

 Running career 

 High school 
Moran moved to the Lawrenceville section of Lawrence Township, Mercer County, New Jersey at the age of 6 and attended Notre Dame High School, where he didn't take up running until his sophomore year. By his senior year of high school, Moran's personal bests were 4:19 (min:sec) in the mile and 9:26 for the 2-mile.

 Collegiate 
Moran ran and studied at the College of William & Mary, where he was a four-time All-American. In spite of being in a track team of prodigies like Sean Graham, Moran eventually became a standout in the 5000 metres. His collegiate career was riddled with serious injuries, and due to this it was not until his sixth year (after being granted extended eligibility by the NCAA) of studying while earning a master's degree that he exploded in the 5000 metres.

 Post-collegiate 
Moran was very close to deciding not to continue running after college. By the time he finished his undergrad studies in 2003, he was working on completing a master's degree in public policy and tried to focus on a career after college. He changed his mind after the 2005 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, where he ran 13:25.87 (min:sec) in the 5000 metres, 14 seconds better than his previous personal best. He subsequently signed a professional contract with Nike so that he could train full-time.
In 2007, Moran won the men's 5000 metres at the 2007 Pan American Games, and as of 2023 still holds the course record of the race. He was selected to run for the US at the 2008 IAAF World Cross Country Championships although he did not finish the race. Moran ran the same competition the following year, finishing the course at the 2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 60th place of 137 finishers.

 Coaching 
Moran coached at College of William & Mary from August 2005 – May 2011 where he helped develop individual training plans for distance runners. He mentored student-athletes on NCAA Division 1 nationally ranked cross country and track teams. Coach Ed was viewed by many of his athletes as a more skillful race day coach than his mentor, Mr. Gibby. He also recruited high school student-athletes nationwide. Moran performed administrative tasks including budgeting, equipment acquisition, fundraising, and travel logistics. He was in his seventh season on the William and Mary staff, and third as a volunteer after four years as a full-time assistant.

 References 

Maurice Peoples
Maurice Peoples (born December 17, 1950) is an American former sprinter.

 Biography 
He was two time American champion in the 400 metres.
He also had the dubious distinction of being selected to the 1972 United States Olympic Team as one of the six members of the 4x400 metres relay team, but never getting onto the track as three of his teammates were unable to compete: gold and silver  medalists Vince Matthews and Wayne Collett were sent home by a sensitive International Olympic Committee after they appeared inattentive at the medal ceremony, while John Smith had pulled his hamstring while leading 80 meters into the 400 metres final and had been ruled unfit to run.Peoples went to G. A. R. Memorial Junior Senior High School in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, where he was the 1968 and 1969 state champion in the Triple jump, coached by longtime coach Vince Wojnar.  Peoples next went to Arizona State University where he is still ranked second in the 400m on their all-time list, behind 1968 Olympian Ron Freeman.Peoples is an ordained minister and coached for 35 years.  He is one of the authors of Sprint Secrets

 References 

Connie Price-Smith
Connie Price-Smith (born Constance Marie Price, June 3, 1962) is an American shot putter and discus thrower. Price-Smith is also a four-time Olympian. She graduated from Southern Illinois University-Carbondale in 1985.

 Later career 
Price-Smith was also named to the 2012 Olympic track & field team coach staff in London.  On July 21, 2015, she started her tenure as the head coach at the University of Mississippi.  She was named women's head coach for the United States team at the 2016 Summer Olympics, again in Rio de Janeiro.
In 2016, she was elected into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

 International competitions 
^ Reached the 1987 World Championship Final at discus but failed to register a distance.
Note: Results with a Q, indicate overall position in qualifying round.

 References 

 External links 

Connie Price-Smith at World Athletics 
Connie Price-Smith at legacy.USATF.org
Connie Price-Smith at Olympics.com

Robert Poynter
Robert Addison "Bobby" Poynter (born December 5, 1937) is an American retired sprinter.  He ran collegiately for San Jose State College, where he was coached by Bud Winter.  He was the runner up at the 1959 NCAA Championships in the 100 yard dash and 220 yard dash.  In the 220, he lost to San Jose State teammate Ray Norton.  That same year he won a gold medal at the Pan American Games as a member of the American 4x100 meters relay.  During that 1959 season he was ranked #3 in the world in both the 100 meters and the 200 meters.While at Pasadena High School, he won the 220 at the CIF California State Meet in 1955 and 56.  His 21.0 in 1956 was the state record.  Those same years he placed third and second in the 100, beaten by Ken Dennis in 1955 (later defeating Dennis in the 220).  He was the 1956 CIF Southern Section Athlete of the Year.  In 1957, running for Pasadena City College, he won the California Community College title in the 220 and 100 runner up.After getting his master's degree at Cal Poly, he coached at Silver Creek High School and also San Jose City College, taking his protégé Millard Hampton to a 1976 Olympic gold medal and individual silver medal.  He had a similar arrangement taking Andre Phillips to eventually achieving a 1988 gold medal.  He was also decathlete Bruce Jenner's sprint coach.  More recently, he is sprint coach at West Valley College.After USA failed to put an athlete into the final of the 2012 Olympics 400 meters, Poynter was asked for analysis:

"I believe that we do not provide room for younger 400 runners to develop and just rely on retreads. It takes hard work, discipline, and support from our educational system. Physical education and track has been cutback or eliminated in many schools. If we do not increase and develop runners in our community I can only see the problem getting worse."

 References 

Marla Runyan
Marla Lee Runyan (married name Lonergan; born January 4, 1969) is an American track and field athlete, road runner and marathon runner who is legally blind. She is a three-time national champion in the women's 5000 metres. She is also an athlete that competed in both the Paralympics and the Olympics, both reaching the finals.

 Early life and education 
Runyan was born in Santa Maria, California. After graduating from Camarillo High School in 1987, she went on to study at San Diego State University, where she began competing in several sporting events: the heptathlon, 200-meter dash, high jump, shot put, 100-meter hurdles, long jump, javelin throw and the 800-meter run. In 1994 she received her master's degree in Education of Deafblind Children.

 Career 

 1992 Summer Paralympics 
Runyan won four gold medals at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in the long jump and the 100, 200, and 400 meter races. She also competed in cycling at those games.

 1996 Olympic trials and Paralympics 
She attempted to qualify for the "Able Bodied" Olympics at the 1996 U. S. Olympic Trials, finishing 10th in the Heptathlon. While failing to qualify, she ran the 800 meters in 2:04.60, a heptathlon-800m American record. This success convinced her to try distance running. 
At the 1996 Paralympics in Atlanta, she took silver in the shot put and gold in the pentathlon.

 1999 Pan American Games and 2000 Summer Olympics 
Her career as a world-class runner in able-bodied events began in 1999 at the Pan American Games in Winnipeg, where she won Gold in the 1,500-meter race and was ranked second in the United States in that event in 1999 by Track and Field News. The next year, she placed eighth in the 1,500-meter in the 2000 Sydney Olympics, making Runyan the first legally blind athlete to compete in the Olympics and the highest finish by an American woman in that event.

 Success at National Championships, release of autobiography 
By 2001 she won her first of three consecutive 5000 metre National Championships. She also released her autobiography "No Finish Line: My Life As I See It"  In 2002, she added the road 5K and 10K National Championships, and married her coach, Matt Lonergan.
She finished as the top American at the 2002 New York Marathon with a time of 2 hours, 27 minutes and 10 seconds to post the second-fastest debut time ever by an American woman.

"I just think it's pretty brave,  Marla's very tough, really gutsy. She's been fighting all of her life, and it comes out in her running."

She won the road 5K again in 2003 and qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympic Games by finishing second in the United States Olympic Trials (track and field). She took 2005 off to give birth to her first child, Anna Lee on September 1, but returned to the roads in 2006 winning her second national championship at 20 km (her first was in 2003).

 Awards and recognition 
She was the USATF "Runner of the Year" in 2002 and 2006.

 World Records 
As of April 2014, Runyan holds IPC World Records in the T13 classification for the 400 m, 800 m, 1500 m, 5000 m, High Jump, Long Jump and Pentathlon. However, her personal bests at 3000m, 10,000m, and the marathon were also World Records, but were never ratified by the IPC.  See marlarunyan.net, the Official Website of Marla Runyan.  

 See also 
List of athletes who have competed in the Paralympics and Olympics

 References 

Marla Runyan biography provided by the USA Track & Field organization

 External links 
Official website
"Marla Runyan's U.S. Olympic Team bio". usolympicteam.com. Archived from the original on February 11, 2008. Retrieved February 4, 2006.
"Blind Runner Qualifies for Olympics". iaaf.org. Archived from the original on October 25, 2012. Retrieved June 6, 2010.
Michals, Debra.  "Marla Runyan".  National Women's History Museum.  2015.
Marla Runyan at Team USA (archived)
Marla Runyan at the International Paralympic Committee

Arnie Sowell
Arnold Milton Sowell (born April 6, 1935) is a former middle distance runner from the United States, who represented his native country at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. He finished fourth in the Men's 800-meter race.

 Life 
The son of a Pittsburgh city council maintenance man, Sowell was a 1953 graduate of Schenley High School. As a student at the University of Pittsburgh, he became a prize-winning athlete while a member of the Pitt Panthers track and field team, taking the NCAA's 880-yard titles in 1954 and 1956. In 1956, he also won the annual Charles C. Hartwig award.After leaving college with a business degree in 1957, he married fellow Pitt graduate, Barbara Peace, who had earned her degree in arts and sciences.He then embarked on a career in the military. Sowell's admittance in 1957 to the Fort Benning United States Army Training School as a second lieutenant was viewed as newsworthy at the time. He continued his running career into 1959 as a representative of the army, and competed on the pentathlon team. In 1980, he retired at the rank of lieutenant colonel.
After the military, Sowell worked as a procurement director for the Charlotte (North Carolina) Housing Authority.

 Legacy 
Sowell has never been forgotten as a famous alumnus of Pitt and as a distinguished member of the African-American community. He has received accolades from the African American Alumni Council (AAAC) and the 1996 Award of Distinction by the Varsity Letter Club. In 2007, Sowell was one of the guests of honor at a celebration of fellow Olympian and Pitt alumnus Herb Douglas on his 85th birthday at a celebration at the Senator John Heinz History Center in Pittsburgh.

 Athletic achievements 
Sowell is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 800-meter event during the 1955 Pan American Games in Mexico City. Sowell also set the world indoor record for the 880-yard run in 1957 at 1:50.3 and tied the world record for the 1,000 yards of 2:08.2 in 1955.He was recognized as a very versatile and talented runner who could run a variety of distances, and even hurdle and long jump.One track coach, Manhattan's George Eastment, described him as the "greatest runner I ever saw"; another, Carl Olson, felt he could break the four-minute mile.During his career, he had a particular rivalry with his fellow countryman and middle-distance runner, Tom Courtney, the two swapping victories and being involved in many memorable duels. One duel was the 1956 Olympic trials where Courtney held off Sowell to finish first and second with Courtney in the process breaking Sowell's USA record (of 1:46.7) that he had achieved at that year's NCAA meet.During the Olympic final itself, Sowell led from the back straight of the first lap right up to the final turn of the final lap where he was passed by Courtney. As they entered the final straight, Coutney now ahead had his own battle with Derek Johnson who had also passed Sowell, but Sowell had to contend with the challenge of Audun Boysen. Courtney won his battle with Johnson and finished first, but Sowell lost his and finished fourth.Sowell was an excellent runner, indoors as well as outdoors, winning four NCAA titles and establishing a world record 1:50.3 for 880 yards.In 1956, Sowell was a member of teams that set world records in the 4 x 440y and 4 x 880y relays.

 Rankings 
Sowell was ranked among the best in the United States and the world at 800 metres/880 yards from 1954 to 1957, according to the votes of the experts of Track and Field News.

 USA Championships 
Sowell was a very successful competitor at 800 metres/880 yards at the USA National Track and Field Championships between 1955 and 1958.:

 References 

Steve Riddick
Steven Earl Riddick (born September 18, 1951) is an American athlete and winner of the gold medal in 4×100 meter relay at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

 Personal life 
Riddick was raised in Hampton, Virginia. His father was a Church of Christ minister there.Riddick was a late starter in track, concentrating on team sports until his junior year at high school.After high school, Riddick attended at Norfolk State University, having been recruited by coach Dick Price. There he met his wife Theresita Renee Coleman.For the last year of his psychology degree course he ran for the Philadelphia Pioneers track club because his college eligibility had ended. It was a move engineered by Coach Price who put Riddick in contact with the Philadelphia Pioneers coach Alex Woodley.After graduation in 1975, Riddick moved first to Washington D.C. and then Philadelphia and continued to run for the Philadelphia Pioneers club.

 Track career 
Riddick attempted to qualify for the 1972 Munich Olympics but was eliminated at the semi-final stage in both the 100 and 200 m at the United States Olympic Trials.In 1975, in Zurich, he ran the fastest automatically timed 100 m of the year at 10.05 s, a time that remained his personal best. He had started that year by causing some amazement and amusement when he ran and won an indoor race in his sweat pants. The reason: he had forgotten his shorts. He won the final in borrowed shorts.At the 1976 Montreal Olympics, Steven Riddick was eliminated in the semi-final of the 100 m race, but   ran the anchor leg in the gold medal-winning American 4 × 100 m relay team (with Harvey Glance, Johnny 'Lam' Jones and Millard Hampton). Riddick had finished third in the 100 m final at the United States Olympic Trials. He narrowly missed-out on doubling-up at 200 m at the Olympics by finishing fourth in the 200 final - he was narrowly passed in the closing stages by Mark Lutz.Riddick was a member of American 4 × 100 m relay team, which won the 1977 IAAF World Cup with a new world record of 38.03 s (with Cliff Wiley, Bill Collins and Steve Williams). He was also a member of American 4 × 100 m relay team, which won the 1979 Pan American Games(with Mike Roberson, Harvey Glance and Cliff Wiley) and placed second in 1979 IAAF World Cup (with Mike Roberson, Harvey Glance and Mel Lattany).
In 1978, he won the 100 m and anchored the United States 4 × 100 m relay team to victory in the USA versus USSR meet at the University of California's Edwards Stadium, and so helping the United States to its first overall victory in the dual meet series since 1969.Riddick attempted to qualify for the 100 m at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics but was eliminated at the quarter-final stage at the United States Olympic Trials.Surprisingly, Riddick never achieved much success at the USA National Championships outdoors during his career - his best was fourth in the 100 m (in 1974, 1977, 1978 and 1979) and fifth in the 200 m (in 1977 and 1979) - he was, however, twice United States champion indoors at 60 y in 1977 and 1979. His indoor successes in 1977 led him to being voted  Track and Field News's indoor athlete of the year.Riddick ran for his college Norfolk State University until 1974 winning NCAA division titles. He then joined the Philadelphia Pioneers track club. The Philadelphia Pioneer Educational Athletic Development Club, the proper name for the Philadelphia Pioneers, were the brainchild of Alexander J. Woodley. During the period 1977–1981, when Riddick was a member, they were the premier track club in the United States.In 1980, Riddick was inducted into the Athletic Hall of Fame of The Lower Virginia Peninsula.In 1997, Riddick was inducted into the Hampton Roads African American Sports Hall of Fame.

 Rankings 
Riddick was ranked among the best in the US and the world in both the 100 and 200 m sprint events from 1973 to 1979, according to the votes of the experts of Track and Field News.

 Coaching career 
After his athletics career, Riddick was a coach at Norfolk State University.
Riddick enjoyed some early success in the role, but his reputation was tarnished when he was embroiled in a scandal over the misappropriation of university travel funds for which he was sacked.

 Money laundering and bank fraud scandal 
In 2006, Riddick was indicted and arrested on fraud charges for his alleged involvement in a money laundering scheme. His former student, Tim Montgomery, was also a defendant in the case and Montgomery's former girlfriend, 5-time Olympic medalist sprinter Marion Jones, was also found to have been involved in the operation.
In 2008, Riddick was sentenced to five years and three months in federal prison for counterfeiting checks.

 References 

 External links 
Steve Riddick at World Athletics

Clayton Murphy
Clayton Murphy (born February 26, 1995) is an American middle-distance runner. He won the bronze medal in the 800-meter run at the 2016 Olympic Games. He was the gold medalist in the 800-meter run at the 2015 Pan American Games. He ran collegiately for the University of Akron, before signing with Nike in June 2016 and joining the Nike Oregon Project.

 Early life and education 
Clayton Murphy is the son of Mark and Melinda Murphy. He was raised in New Madison, Ohio. He attended Tri-Village High School  and began to take part in track and field and cross country running while there. Murphy broke the Division III state record in the 1600 Meter Run at the 2013 state track meet in Columbus in 4:11.72.

 Collegiate career 

 2014 
Murphy enrolled at the University of Akron in fall 2013. He began to train with the Akron Zips college track team. There he was coached by the head distance coach, Lee LaBadie, who is a sub 4-minute miler and a former runner for the University of Illinois. At the 2014 Mid-American Conference (MAC) indoor meet, Murphy won the mile run and was runner-up over 3000 meters. He went on to win the outdoor conference title in the 1500 meters. He ran 3:44.53 for the distance that year to win the Mt. SAC Relays.

 2015 
He opened the following academic year (2014–15) with a fourth-place finish at the MAC Cross Country Championships, then followed this with an 800 m/mile double at the MAC Indoor meet. In February he ran a personal best and school record of 4:00.39 minutes for the indoor mile run. On his national debut at the 2015 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships he claimed third place in the 800 m with a new best time of 1:47.06 minutes. Similar results came outdoors, as he won a middle-distance double at the MAC Outdoor Championships and again placed third at the 2015 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships. He also won the 800 m at the Drake Relays and set a school record of 3:40.69 for the 1500 m.He placed well the following academic year (2015–16) with a 4th place at Mid American Conference Championships in Cross Country and twentieth place at 2015 NCAA Division I Great Lakes Region Cross Country Championships. Murphy won 2016 Mid-American Conference Indoor Track & Field Championships titles in Distance medley relay, 4x400 m relay, Mile, and 800 metres. Murphy won 2016 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships in 800 metres. Murphy won 2016 Mid-American Conference Outdoor Track & Field Championships titles in 1500 metres and 800 metres. Murphy won 1500 m at 2016 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships in 3:36.38.Murphy won 12 Mid-American Conference titles, NCAA Division I 2016 Indoor 800 m title, NCAA Division I 2016 Outdoor 1500 m title and earned 4 NCAA Division I All-American awards.

 National and international career 
At the end of the college season, he entered the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. He ran personal records in each round and ended the competition in fourth place with a time of 1:45.59 for the 800m. This earned him selection for the American squad for the Pan American Games. In his international debut – also his first time abroad – he surprised by winning the gold medal some four hundredths ahead of Colombia's Rafith Rodríguez, taking the lead in the final stretch. Murphy's roommate Ryan Martin was also a medalist in the event. Murphy was the first American in more than 15 years to win the title, following on from Johnny Gray's 1999 victory. He earned a silver medal in the 800 meters at the 2015 North American, Central American and Caribbean Championships. This edition, 2015 NACAC Championships were a regional track and field competition held at the Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica in San Jose, Costa Rica from August 7–9, 2015. Murphy finished 12th in 2015 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 800 metres held August 21–25, 2015 in Beijing, China.
He chose to run the 800 meters at the 2016 United States Olympic Trials, which paid off.  His fast finish out-sprinted Boris Berian for the win and Olympic team berth in a personal record 1:44.76. He won Bronze in the 800m at the 2016 Rio Olympics in a new personal record of 1:42.93, the fifth-fastest time ever by an American.At the 2017 USATF 1 Mile Road Championships, Murphy finished first with a time of 4:00.0. He chose to compete in the 800 meters at the 2017 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships then compete in the 1500 meters at the same championships and ran 1:45.70 to make the final, but did not start in the 800 meters final after an injury in the 1500 meters final where he finished in 3:50.55 to place 13th in the 1500 meters. He joined Nike Oregon Project in August 2017 and moved to Portland in the Fall 2017 to train at the Nike headquarters with Matthew Centrowitz, the Rio Olympic gold medalist over 1500m.

 2021 
Murphy won the 2020 Olympic Trials 800m in 1:43.17 to make his second Olympic team.

 International results 

 Personal life 
Murphy met fellow Olympian Ariana Washington over a game of Uno at the USA Track and Field Athletes Lounge in the Olympic Village at the 2016 Summer Games in Rio. They got engaged in 2018, and were married in the Napa Valley on December 7, 2019.

 See also 
List of 2015 Pan American Games medal winners

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Clayton Murphy at World Athletics 
Clayton Murphy at www.USATF.org
Clayton Murphy on Twitter

Bob Seagren
Robert Seagren (born October 17, 1946) is a retired American pole vaulter, the 1968 Olympic champion.
A native of Pomona, California, Seagren was one of the world's top pole vaulters in the late 1960s and early 1970s. He won six National AAU and four NCAA titles indoors and outdoors. Indoors he posted eight world bests between 1966 and 1969. He was also the Pan American Games champion in 1967. He set his first world record 5.32 metres (17 ft 5 in) in Fresno on May 14, 1966, followed by his world records 1967 in San Diego 5.36 metres (17 ft 7 in), 1968 in Echo Summit near South Lake Tahoe 5.41 metres (17 ft 9 in) and 1972 in Eugene 5.63 metres (18 ft 6 in).
In 1968, Seagren participated in his first Olympic Games in Mexico City. In an exciting contest, he won the gold medal with the top three vaulters, including silver medalist Claus Schiprowski (West Germany) and the bronze medal winner Wolfgang Nordwig (East Germany) reaching the same height 5.40 metres (17 ft 9 in).
Four years later, in Munich, he remains best remembered for the Olympic gold medal he didn't get. In the 1972 Summer Olympics, a last-minute ruling barred the new banana-Pole from Olympic competition, forcing some vaulters, including Seagren, to compete with unfamiliar poles. East German Wolfgang Nordwig didn't use a Cata-Pole and won the gold medal, with Seagren coming second.  It was the first time an American had failed to win the Olympic gold medal in the pole vault. In fact, no American would again win a gold medal in the pole vault until Nick Hysong won in 2000.
A 1968 University of Southern California graduate, Seagren took a try at professional track and later he started his career in television and movies as a show host and soap opera actor.Seagren won the inaugural American Superstars sports competition in 1973 as well as the first World Superstars in 1977, his lone victories in both events. He was able to enjoy the spoils from these competitions because he had become a professional athlete having signed to join the International Track Association (ITA) tour after the 1972 Olympics. On the ITA tour he renewed his very personal antagonistic rivalry with fellow American pole vaulter Steve Smith.Seagren went on to become an actor, appearing in several movies and television shows, including the controversial sitcom Soap in 1977 in which he played Dennis Phillips, a gay football player in a relationship with Billy Crystal's character Jodie Dallas. He appeared as a guest star in an episode of Charlie's Angels in 1980, called "Toni's Boys" as a detective who worked for a friend of Charlie who was also in the detective business. The episode was a backdoor pilot for a new series but the show wasn't picked up by the network. He was referred to in the episode as an "Olympic Champion" although he played a fictional character. He also guest starred on the tv series Wonder Woman in the episodes called "Stolen Faces" and "The Man Who Could Not Die". Seagren played himself, serving as an LAPD youth camp counselor on the "Camp Two" episode of Adam-12.
Today, he is CEO of International City Racing, which specializes in the development, management, and implementation of road racing, endurance, and fitness events, including the Long Beach International City Marathon. He is also an active supporter of the Commission on Athletics of the California Community Colleges.
He was named to the inaugural class of the Mt. SAC Relays Hall of Fame.  In 1986 he was inducted into the USATF National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

 Personal life 
From 1970 to 1982, Seagren was married to former teen model, dancer, and co-host of KHJ-TV's The Groovy Show, Kam Nelson. They had a daughter born in 1976.  He married again to actress and Playboy Playmate of the month (January 1990) Peggy McIntaggart, and they had twins (a boy and a girl) born in 1997. The marriage ended in divorce.

 References 

 External links 

See the Eugene record jump Video on YouTube @ 19:20
Bob Seagren at the USATF Hall of Fame 
Bob Seagren at Olympics.com 
Bob Seagren at Olympedia 
Bob Seagren at IMDb

Wallace Spearmon
Wallace Spearmon Jr. (born December 24, 1984, in Chicago, Illinois, USA) is a retired American sprint athlete, who specializes in the 200 meters. He is a two-time NCAA outdoor champion in the 200 m and won the silver medal in the event at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics. He has a personal best of 19.65 seconds for the distance, making him the thirteenth fastest 200 meter runner of all time, and he formerly held the indoor American record.
He has won the bronze medal twice at the World Championships in Athletics in 2007 and 2009. He also finished third at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but was later disqualified for stepping out of his lane.

 Career 
Spearmon is a graduate of Fayetteville High School and attended the University of Arkansas, where he competed collegiately for two seasons before turning pro. While at Arkansas, he won the 200 meters NCAA Outdoor title in 2004 and 2005 as well as the NCAA Indoor 200 m title in 2005. In August 2005, he won the silver medal in the 200 m at the 2005 World Championships and in August 2007, he won the bronze medal at the 2007 World Championships. Spearmon won the 200 m at the USA outdoor athletics championships in 2006 and finished second in 2007. At the 2009 World Championships in Berlin he won another bronze. He ran a world best time of 31.88 for the 300 m indoors in February 2006.His personal best in the 200 m is 19.65 seconds. This time (achieved in Daegu, Korea) made him the third fastest man over the distance at that point. He is currently ranked as the twelfth fastest 200-meter runner ever. Only world record holder Usain Bolt (19.19), Yohan Blake (19.26), Noah Lyles (19.31), Michael Johnson (19.32), Erriyon Knighton (19.49), Walter Dix (19.53), Justin Gatlin (19.57), his training partner Tyson Gay (19.58), Andre de Grasse (19.62), Xavier Carter (19.63), and Reynier Mena (19.63) have run faster. Despite the fact that he normally runs a "slower" first half of his 200 m races and goes on to pass people down the stretch, his 100 meters personal best is 9.96 s. He set that mark running in Shanghai on September 28, 2007, beating 100 m world champion Tyson Gay.
Spearmon initially finished in the bronze medal position in the 200 m in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but was disqualified for stepping out of his lane. The second-place finisher, Churandy Martina of the Netherlands Antilles, was also disqualified, giving Americans Shawn Crawford and Walter Dix the silver and bronze medals, respectively.He posted a quick time of 19.98 seconds in the 200 m in Kingston, Jamaica in April 2010, finishing behind Usain Bolt. He reached the 2010 IAAF Diamond League 200 m final at the Weltklasse Zurich meeting, and (in the absence of points leader Walter Dix) he won the first Diamond Race Trophy with a meeting record of 19.79 seconds. Following the Diamond League win, he ran 19.85 seconds to win at the Rieti IAAF Grand Prix.At the start of the 2012 season, he broke Michael Johnson's 200 m meet record at the Drake Relays with a run of 20.02 seconds. He finished fourth in the 200 metres final at the 2012 London Olympics. His time of 19.90 seconds was 6/100 of a second outside of a medal placing.
Spearmon finished 21st at the 2013 World Championships, running a time of 20.66 seconds in the semi-final .
At a meeting in Edmonton in July, 2014, Spearmon tested positive for methylprednisolone contained in a medicine he was taking without asking for an exemption. USADA accepted the excuse so it was treated as a minor violation.  On September 19, 2014, it was announced he would receive a 3-month suspension, backdated to August 27.Spearmon attended the 2015 World Championships, but did not start his heat.

 Personal life 
Spearmon's father, Wallace Spearmon Sr., was also a sprinter. He was the 1987 bronze medalist in the 200 meters at the Pan American Games.
He is good friends with fellow sprinter Usain Bolt; they are known for their jokes and good friendship.
On an April 2011 episode of MythBusters, he worked with Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman to investigate the possibility of a human running on water. In May 2013 he returned to the show to race 30 ft against a race car.

 Personal bests 
All information taken from IAAF profile.

 References 

 External links 

Wallace Spearmon at World Athletics 
Wallace Spearmon, Jr. at legacy.USATF.org
Flotrack Interviews of Wallace Spearmon (video)
USATF Athlete of the week: January 2005, July 2005, February 2006, October 2006

Louise Ritter
Louise Dorothy Ritter (born February 18, 1958) is an American former track and field athlete who won the gold medal in the high jump at the 1988 Olympic Games.

 Biography 
Ritter qualified for the 1980 U.S. Olympic team but was unable to compete due to the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott. She did, however, receive one of 461 Congressional Gold Medals created especially for the spurned athletes.Ritter won the gold medal in the women's high jump at the 1988 Summer Olympics held in Seoul, South Korea.  In doing so she upset Stefka Kostadinova, the reigning world champion and world record-holder in the event.
A graduate from Red Oak High School, she now has a street named after her in her former home town of Red Oak, Texas.She graduated from Texas Woman's University in 1988 where she starred for U.S. Olympic coach Dr. Bert Lyle.
Ritter was inducted into the Texas Track and Field Coaches Hall of Fame, Class of 2012.

 Achievements 
4 Times US National Champion (1978, 1983, 1985, 1986)
3 Times won US Olympic Trials (1980, 1984, 1988)Note: During the 1980s, the US Championships and US Olympic trials were separate events.

 References 

 External links 
Louise Ritter at databaseOlympics.com (archived)
Louise Ritter at Olympedia 
Louise Ritter at Olympics.com
Louise Ritter at World Athletics

Steve Prefontaine
Steve Roland "Pre" Prefontaine (January 25, 1951 – May 30, 1975) was an American long-distance runner who from 1973 to 1975 set American records at every distance from 2,000 to 10,000 meters. He competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and was preparing for the 1976 Olympics with the Oregon Track Club at the time of his death in 1975. Prefontaine's career, alongside those of Jim Ryun, Frank Shorter, and Bill Rodgers, generated considerable media coverage, which helped inspire the 1970s "running boom." He was killed in an automobile crash near his residence in Eugene, Oregon at the age of 24. One of the premier track meets in the world, the Prefontaine Classic, is held annually in Eugene in his honor. Prefontaine's celebrity and charisma later resulted in two 1990s feature films about his short life.

 Early life 
Prefontaine was born on January 25, 1951, in  Coos Bay, Oregon. His father, Raymond George Prefontaine (November 11, 1919 – December 21, 2004), was a welder who served in the U.S. Army in World War II. Steve's mother, Elfriede Anna Marie Sennholz (March 4, 1925 – July 16, 2013), worked as a seamstress. The two returned to Coos Bay after Ray met Elfriede in Germany while serving with the U.S. occupation forces. The middle child and only son, he had two sisters, Neta and Linda, and they all grew up in a house built by their father.Prefontaine was an exuberant person, even during his formative years. He was always moving around, partaking in different activities and events. In junior high, Prefontaine was on his school's football and basketball teams but was rarely allowed to play because of his short stature. In the eighth grade, he noticed several high school cross country team members jog to practice past the football field, an activity he then viewed as mundane. Later that year, he realized he could compete well in long-distance races during a three-week conditioning period in his physical education class. By the second week of the daily mile runs, Prefontaine could finish second in the group. With this newfound success and athletic ability, he fell in love with cross country running.

 High school (1965–69) 
When he got into Marshfield High School in the fall of 1965, Prefontaine joined the cross country team, coached by Walt McClure, Jr. McClure had run under coach Bill Bowerman at the University of Oregon in Eugene and his father, Walt McClure, Sr. had run under Bill Hayward, also at Oregon.Prefontaine's freshman and sophomore years were decent, and he managed a personal best of 5:01 in the mile in his first year. Though starting as the seventh man, he progressed to be the second by the end of the year and placed 53rd in the state championship. In his sophomore year, he failed to qualify for the state meet in his event, the two-mile. However, his coach recalls that it was his sophomore year when his potential in the sport began to surface.With the advice of Walt McClure, Prefontaine's high school coach, he took it upon himself to train hard over the summer. He went through his junior cross country season undefeated and won the state title.In his senior year, many of his highest goals were set. He obtained a national record at the Corvallis Invitational with a time of 8:41.5, only one and a half seconds slower than his goal, and 6.9 seconds better than the previous record. He won two more state titles that year after another undefeated season in both the one and two mile distances.
Some forty colleges across the nation recruited Prefontaine, and he received numerous phone calls, letters, and drop-in visits from coaches. He referred many of his calls to McClure, who wanted Prefontaine to attend the University of Oregon. McClure turned away those universities that began trying to recruit him late. McClure maintained that he did not sway Prefontaine's collegiate choice, except to ask Steve where all the distance runners went to college.Prefontaine wanted to stay in-state for college and attend the University of Oregon. He had not heard much from Bill Bowerman, the head coach for the University of Oregon. Prefontaine only received letters from Oregon once a month, whereas other universities such as Villanova were persistent in recruiting him. As a result, Prefontaine did not know how much Bill Bowerman wanted him to attend Oregon. Bowerman stated that he did not recruit Prefontaine differently from anyone else. It was a matter of principle for him to advise recruits where to attend college, wherever it may be, and to not bombard the recruits with correspondence. He had followed Prefontaine's career since he was a sophomore and agreed with McClure in his assessment of Steve being a highly talented athlete.It wasn't until Prefontaine read Bowerman's letter that he decided to attend the University of Oregon. Bowerman wrote that he was 'certain' Prefontaine would become the world's greatest distance runner if he decided to run at Oregon. Although it was an odd promise, Prefontaine was up for the challenge. Sometime after Prefontaine announced that he signed a letter of intent to attend Oregon on the first of May in 1969, Bowerman wrote a letter addressed to the community of Coos Bay describing his appreciation for their role in helping Steve become a great runner.

 University of Oregon (1970–73) 
Steve Prefontaine decided to enroll at the University of Oregon to train under coach Bill Bowerman (who in 1964 co-founded Blue Ribbon Sports, later to become known as Nike). He won four 5,000-meter titles in track three times in a row. At this time, he suffered only two more defeats in college (both in the mile), winning three Division I NCAA Cross Country Championships and four straight three-mile/5000-meter titles in track. He was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity.
Prefontaine became known as a very aggressive front runner, insisting on going out hard from the start and not relinquishing leads, reminiscent of the renowned 1956 Olympic gold medalist Vladimir Kuts, another famous front runner at 5,000 meters.  Prefontaine said, "No one will ever win a 5,000 meter race by running an easy first two miles. Not against me." He would later state, "I am going to work so that it's a pure guts race. In the end, if it is, I'm the only one that can win it".  Along with his reputation for leading early instead of pacing himself until the last lap, Prefontaine had tremendous leg speed; his career-best for the mile (3:54.6) was only 3.5 seconds off the world record at the time.
A local celebrity, chants of "Pre! Pre! Pre!" became a frequent feature at Hayward Field, a place where famous runners ran. Fans liked to wear T-shirts that read "LEGEND" or "GO PRE", though there was one instance where a group of fans jokingly put on shirts that read "STOP PRE". Prefontaine found humor in the shirts and, when offered, decided to wear one for his victory lap.  Prefontaine rapidly gained national attention and appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated at age 19 in June 1970.  He was on the cover of Track and Field News's November 1969 issue.

 1972 Summer Olympics 
In 1971, he began his training for the following year's Olympic Games in Munich, which had special meaning for his family (his mother was German, and his parents had met and married in Germany). Prefontaine set the American record of 13:22.8 in the 5,000 meters at the 1972 Olympic Trials in Eugene on July 9. An underdog at the 1972 Olympics in Munich in September, Prefontaine took the lead in the 5,000 m final during the last mile and ended the slow pace of the first two miles, negative splitting the race. In second place at the start of the bell lap, he fell back to third with 200 meters to go. Lasse Virén took the lead in the final turn over silver medalist Mohammed Gammoudi. Finding himself struggling to keep up, Prefontaine ran out of gas with only 10 meters to go as Britain's hard-charging Ian Stewart overtook him and moved into third place, depriving Prefontaine of an Olympic bronze medal. Prefontaine later said "That was the most disappointed I have ever been. I guess I underestimated the strength of Virén and Gammoudi, and Stewart was way too good for me at the end. That last 200 metres, I felt exhausted. They didn't allow me to run the race the way I had planned to, I was chasing them all the way." Following his fourth-place finish in the Olympic Games, Prefontaine went back to the University of Oregon with a newfound enthusiasm for running after his disappointing showing at the Olympics. This disappointment in his performance drove Pre to train harder than ever for his senior year of athletics, often logging over 10 miles per morning before he started his day.
In his four years at Oregon, Prefontaine never lost a collegiate (NCAA) race at 3 miles, 5,000 meters, 6 miles, or 10,000 meters.  Returning for his senior year, he ended his collegiate career with only three defeats in Eugene, all in the mile. It was during this year that Prefontaine began a protracted fight with the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU), which demanded that athletes who wanted to remain "amateur" for the Olympics not be paid for appearances in track meets. Some viewed this arrangement as unfair, because the participants drew large crowds that generated millions of dollars in revenue, with the athletes being forced to shoulder the burden of all their own expenses without assistance. At the time, the AAU was rescinding athletes' amateur status if they were endorsed in any way. Because Prefontaine was accepting free clothes and footwear from Nike, he was subject to the AAU's ruling.

 After college (1974–75) 
Following his collegiate career at Oregon, Prefontaine prepared for the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. While running for the Oregon Track Club, Prefontaine set American records in every race from 2,000 to 10,000 meters.
In 1974, Prefontaine gave a presentation at a banquet. It was held in Eugene the night prior to the Junior College Cross Country Championships. Prefontaine talked about the importance of cross country through his own eyes. After his death, the notes Prefontaine made were given to his family.

 Death 
In 1975, a group of traveling Finnish athletes took part in an NCAA Prep meet at Hayward Field in Eugene. After the event on Thursday, May 29, which included a 5,000-meter race that Prefontaine won, the Finnish and American athletes attended a party at the home of former Duck runner Geoff Hollister. Shortly after midnight, Prefontaine left the party to drive Frank Shorter to Kenny Moore's home on Prospect Drive, then descended narrow Skyline Boulevard alone, east of the university campus near Hendricks Park. While in the extended right curve near the base, his gold-colored 1973 MGB convertible crossed the center line, jumped the curb, hit a rock wall (44.0433°N 123.0549°W﻿ / 44.0433; -123.0549) and flipped, trapping him underneath it.  One of the first people at the scene was 20-year-old Karl Bylund, who raced from the scene in his car to his residence to get his dad, a doctor. A nearby resident, Bill Alvarado (1936–2006), arrived next at the scene (he had heard Bylund's car screeching off) and reported that he found the man flat on his back, unconscious and pinned beneath the wreck. Prefontaine was pronounced dead at the scene on the arrival of paramedics. He was 24 years old at the time of his death in the crash. It had been reported that his blood alcohol content was found by the Eugene Police Department to be 0.16%. The official cause of his death was traumatic asphyxiation. No other injuries contributed to his death.Prefontaine's body was buried in his hometown of Coos Bay at Sunset Memorial Park. A day after his funeral in Coos Bay, a memorial service at Hayward Field in Eugene drew thousands.

 Aftermath 
Eugene's Register-Guard called his death "the end of an era". At his death, Prefontaine was probably the most popular athlete in Oregon and, along with Jim Ryun, Frank Shorter, Jeff Galloway and Bill Rodgers, was credited with sparking the national running boom of the 1970s. An annual track event, the Prefontaine Classic, has been held in his memory since 1975. Known as the "Hayward Field Restoration Meet" in its first two years, it was rebranded as the "Bowerman Classic" for 1975 and set for June 7. Two days after Prefontaine's death, it was renamed by the Oregon Track Club on June 1, with Bill Bowerman's approval, and the first "Pre Classic" was held six days later.During his career, Prefontaine won 120 of the 153 races he ran (.784), and never lost a collegiate (NCAA) track race longer than one mile at the University of Oregon. In 2020, SuperWest Sports included Prefontaine in its list of The Greatest Pac-12 Male Track and Field Athletes of All Time.

 Memorials 

 Pre's Rock 
Pre's Rock is a memorial at the base of the roadside outcrop where Prefontaine died. An engraved stone memorial with a picture of Prefontaine, it reads:
                 "PRE"

Runners inspired by Prefontaine leave behind memorabilia to honor his memory and his continued influence, such as race numbers, medals, and running shoes. Paying such homage to Prefontaine has become a tradition that reaches a height during important or noteworthy running events in Eugene (e.g. the Olympic Trials or the Prefontaine Classic).  As University of Oregon professor Daniel Wojcik documents in his study of the memorial, Pre's Rock has become both a grassroots shrine and pilgrimage site for athletes and non-athletes from around the world.Pre's Rock was dedicated in December 1997 and is maintained by Eugene Parks and Recreation as Prefontaine Memorial Park. The rock (44.0433°N 123.0549°W﻿ / 44.0433; -123.0549) is a mile (1.6 km) due east of Hayward Field, just across the Willamette River from the east end of Pre's Trail. On Skyline Boulevard, it is approximately 150 feet (45 m) from its intersection with Birch Lane.

 Other memorials 
The Prefontaine Memorial, featuring a relief of his face, records, and date of birth, is located at the Coos Bay Visitor Center in Coos Bay. In 2008, ten memorial plaques were laid along the Prefontaine Memorial Race route, the former training grounds of Prefontaine. The plaques bear an image of Prefontaine from his high school yearbook and various quotes and records from his time in Coos Bay. The plaques were part of a grant from the Oregon Tourism Commission, the Coos Bay-North Bend Visitor & Convention Bureau, and the Prefontaine Memorial Committee.
Each year on the third Saturday of September in Coos Bay, over a thousand runners engage in the Prefontaine Memorial Run, a 10k run honoring his accomplishments.The Coos Art Museum in Coos Bay contains a section dedicated to Prefontaine. This section includes medals he won during his career and the pair of spikes he wore when setting an American record for the 5,000 meters at Hayward Field.
Prefontaine was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1983, where several exhibits showcase his shoes, shirts, and other memorabilia. He was also inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame in upper Manhattan where one of his Oregon track uniforms is on display.
The Pete Susick Stadium at Marshfield High School in Coos Bay dedicated their track to honor Prefontaine, in April 2001.Nike used video footage in a commercial titled "Pre Lives" advertising his spirit for their product. On the 30th anniversary of his death in 2005, Nike placed a memorial advertisement in Sports Illustrated, Eugene's Register-Guard, and aired a television commercial in his honor. Nike's headquarters have a building named after him.The day after Prefontaine's death, the Register-Guard printed Ode to S. Roland, a poem by chief American rival Dick Buerkle.Prefontaine remains an iconic figure at the University of Oregon to this day. In 2020, the university polled alumni and fans on social media, asking them which four UO alumni they would place on a national Mount Rushmore for the university. Prefontaine was one of the four winners, along with Nike co-founder Phil Knight; current NFL player Marcus Mariota, the 2014 Heisman Trophy winner; and Sabrina Ionescu, who had just completed an epic college basketball career for the Ducks.

 In popular culture 
Steve Prefontaine's life story has been detailed in two feature films: 1997's Prefontaine (starring Jared Leto as Prefontaine) and 1998's Without Limits (starring Billy Crudup as Prefontaine), as well as the documentary film Fire on the Track.
"Prefontaine" is the fifth track off Madchild's 2013 album Lawn Mower Man.
Minnesota Golden Gopher Head Football Coach P.J. Fleck uses “Prefontaine Pace” among his many motivational sayings.

 Personal bests 
At the time of his death in May 1975, Prefontaine held every American outdoor track record between 2,000 and 10,000 meters. His personal best times over each distance, including those records, are below.
Conversions: 1 mile (1,609.3 m), 2 miles (3,218.7 m), 3 miles (4,828 m), 6 miles (9,656 m)

 Competition record 

 Notable performances 

 US National Championships 
a Third fastest 3-mile time ever run by an American high schooler; Prefontaine's first non-high school track meet
b US National championships meet record; fifth fastest 3-mile time ever run and the second fastest by an American; Prefontaine's first sub-13 minute 3-mile
c Broke his own 1971 US National championships meet record; second fastest 3-mile time ever run by an American

 NCAA championships 
While at Oregon Prefontaine won seven NCAA national titles: three in cross country, '70, '71 and '73; and four in track, '70, '71, '72 and '73. He was the first athlete to win four NCAA track titles in the same event.

 Cross country 
Prefontaine redshirted the Fall of 1972 after the Olympics which made him eligible to run cross country in the fall of 1973.

 Track and field 
a NCAA meet record
b  A 5000 m race was held this year rather than a 3 mile race
c  NCAA meet record for 5000 m; broke Gerry Lindgren's 1968 record of 13:57.2
d  Broke his own NCAA meet record and set a stadium record

 Oregon State high school championships 
During his junior and senior years at Marshfield High School, Prefontaine went undefeated in both cross country and track.

 Cross country 

 Track and field 

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Prefontaine Classic
University of Oregon Athletics: Steve Prefontaine, bio & pix
Prefontaine at IMDb 
Without Limits at IMDb 
Steve Prefontaine at Find a Grave
The Steve Prefontaine Story

Frank Shorter
Frank Charles Shorter (born October 31, 1947) is an American former long-distance runner who won the gold medal in the marathon at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics.  His Olympic success, along with the achievements of other American runners, is credited with igniting the running boom in the United States during the 1970s.

 Early life and education 
Frank Shorter was born in Munich, Germany, where his father, physician Samuel S. Shorter, served in the U.S. Army.  He grew up in Middletown, New York, where a street was named in his honor (Frank Shorter Way). Frank Shorter Way was formerly part of the Orange Classic 10K course route, which Shorter won in its inaugural race in 1981.  After earning his high school diploma from the Mount Hermon School in Gill, Massachusetts, in 1965, Shorter graduated from Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, with a Bachelor of Arts degree (B.A.) in 1969, and the University of Florida College of Law in Gainesville, Florida, with a Juris Doctor degree (J.D.) in 1974.In the October 2011 issue of Runner's World, an article by John Brant detailed the traumatic household life Frank and his siblings suffered at the hands of his extremely abusive father and the buckle end of his belt. With the publication of the Runner's World article, Shorter began to elaborate on stopping similar cycles of violence in more detail and in public.

 Running career 
Shorter first achieved distinction by winning the 1969 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) six mile run title during his senior year at Yale.  He won his first U.S. national titles in 1970 in the three mile and six mile events.  He also was the U.S. national six mile/10,000 meter champion in 1971, 1974, 1975 and 1977.
After graduating from Yale, Shorter chose to pursue a Doctor of Medicine degree at the University of New Mexico. However, he dropped out after six weeks after classes began to impact his training regime. Soon, he moved to Florida to study for a Juris Doctor degree at the University of Florida in Gainesville because of the excellence of the environment and the opportunity to train with Jack Bacheler as members of the Florida Track Club (FTC), founded by Jimmy Carnes, then the head coach of the Florida Gators track and field team. Bacheler was regarded as America's best distance runner, having qualified for the finals of the 5,000-meter race at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics.  The FTC's core nucleus of Shorter, Bacheler and Jeff Galloway qualified for the 1972 Olympics and their success made Gainesville the Mecca of distance running on the East Coast in the early 1970s.Shorter won the U.S. national cross-country championships four times (1970–1973).  He was the U.S. Olympic Trials champion in both the 10,000-meter run and the marathon in both 1972 and 1976.  He also won both the 10,000-meter run and the marathon at the 1971 Pan American Games. Shorter was a four-time winner of the Fukuoka Marathon (1971–1974), generally recognized as the most prestigious marathon in the world at that time and held on a very fast course. His career best of 2:10:30 was set at that race on December 3, 1972. Several months later, on March 18, 1973, Shorter won the elite Lake Biwa Marathon in 2:12:03. He won the prestigious 7-mile Falmouth Road Race on Cape Cod in 1975 and 1976 and Atlanta's 10-kilometer Peachtree Road Race in 1977.
Shorter achieved his greatest recognition in the marathon, and he is the only American athlete to win two medals in the Olympic marathon. At the Munich Games—which coincidentally is Shorter's place of birth— he finished fifth in the 10,000-meter final, breaking the American record for the event that he had established in his qualifying heat. A few days later, he won the gold medal in the marathon. This ultimate achievement was marred by an impostor, West German student Norbert Sudhaus, who ran into Olympic Stadium ahead of Shorter. Shorter was not bothered by the silence from the crowd who had been duped into thinking that he was running for the silver medal. Shorter was confident that he was going to win the gold medal because he knew that no competing runner had passed him. He received the James E. Sullivan Award afterwards as the top amateur athlete in the United States.  At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Shorter dropped out of the 10,000 meters in order to concentrate exclusively on the marathon, winning the silver medal in the marathon and finishing behind previously unheralded Waldemar Cierpinski of East Germany. Cierpinski was later implicated as a part of the state-sponsored doping program by East German track and field research files uncovered by Werner Franke at the Stasi headquarters in Leipzig in the late 1990s. There were suspicions about other East German athletes during the Montreal Olympics, including the East German women's swimming team led by Kornelia Ender; the East German women won eleven of the thirteen events.From 2000 to 2003, Shorter was the chairman of the United States Anti-Doping Agency, a body that he helped to establish.Shorter was featured as a prominent character, played by Jeremy Sisto, in the 1998 film Without Limits.  The film follows the life of Shorter's contemporary, training partner, Olympic teammate and sometime rival, Steve Prefontaine.  Shorter was the next to last person to see Prefontaine alive before he died in an automobile accident.
Shorter was inducted into the United States Olympic Hall of Fame in 1984, the USA National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1989, and the National Distance Running Hall of Fame in 1998.
Previously a long-time resident of Boulder, Colorado, Shorter co-founded the Bolder Boulder in 1979. The annual 10k race is a popular Memorial Day event, which culminates with a tribute to U.S. Armed Forces at Folsom Field at the University of Colorado. A life-size bronze statue of Shorter stands outside the stadium.
In 2021, Shorter and his wife, Michelle Cox, moved to Falmouth, Massachusetts.

 Track & field news rankings 

 World rankings 
Marathon1971 – 1st
1972 – 1st
1973 – 1st
1974 – 2nd
1976 – 2nd10,000 m1970 – 2nd
1972 – 5th
1974 – 5th
1975 – 2nd5000 m1975 – 10th

 U.S. rankings 
Marathon1971 – 1st
1972 – 1st
1973 – 1st
1974 – 1st
1976 – 1st10,000 m1969 – 3rd
1970 – 1st
1971 – 1st
1972 – 1st
1973 – 5th
1974 – 1st
1975 – 1st
1976 – 2nd
1977 – 1st
1979 – 3rd5000 m1969 – 6th
1970 – 2nd
1971 – 4th
1972 – 10th
1973 – 7th
1974 – 4th
1975 – 3rd
1976 – 5th
1977 – 7th

 Personal records 
2 miles - 8:26.2 (1971)
3 miles – 12:52.0 (1974)
5000 meters – 13:26.60 (1977)
10,000 meters – 27:45.91 (1975)
Marathon (42.195 km) – 2:10:30 (1972)

 See also 
List of Levin College of Law graduates
List of University of Florida alumni
List of University of Florida Olympians
List of Yale University people

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Frank Shorter at World Athletics
Frank Shorter at the USATF Hall of Fame
Frank Shorter at Olympics.com
Frank Shorter at Olympedia
Frank Shorter at the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee Hall of Fame
Frank Shorter at the Florida Sports Hall of Fame
Frank Shorter at the Team USA Hall of Fame

Wilma Rudolph
Wilma Glodean Rudolph (June 23, 1940 – November 12, 1994) was an American sprinter who overcame childhood polio and went on to become a world-record-holding Olympic champion and international sports icon in track and field following her successes in the 1956 and 1960 Olympic Games. Rudolph competed in the 200-meter dash and won a bronze medal in the 4 × 100-meter relay  at the 1956 Summer Olympics at Melbourne, Australia. She also won three gold medals, in the 100- and 200-meter individual events and the 4 x 100-meter relay at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy. Rudolph was acclaimed the fastest woman in the world in the 1960s and became the first American woman to win three gold medals in track and field during a single Olympic Games.Due to the worldwide television coverage of the 1960 Summer Olympics, Rudolph became an international star along with other Olympic athletes such as Cassius Clay (later known as Muhammad Ali), Oscar Robertson, and Rafer Johnson who competed in Italy.
As an Olympic champion in the early 1960s, Rudolph was among the most highly visible black women in America and abroad. She became a role model for black and female athletes and her Olympic successes helped elevate women's track and field in the United States. Rudolph is also regarded as a civil rights and women's rights pioneer. In 1962 Rudolph retired from competition at the peak of her athletic career as the world record-holder in the 100- and 200-meter individual events and the 4 × 100-meter relays. After competing in the 1960 Summer Olympics, the 1963 graduate of Tennessee State University became an educator and coach. Rudolph died of brain and throat cancer in 1994, and her achievements are memorialized in a variety of tributes, including a U.S. postage stamp, documentary films, and a made-for-television movie, as well as in numerous publications, especially books for young readers.

 Early life and education 
Rudolph was born prematurely to Blanche Rudolph at 4.5 pounds (2.0 kg) on June 23, 1940, in Saint Bethlehem, Tennessee (now part of Clarksville). She was the twentieth of 22 children from her father Ed Rudolph's two marriages. Shortly after Wilma's birth, her family moved to Clarksville, Tennessee, where she grew up and attended elementary and high school. Her father, Ed, who worked as a railway porter and did odd jobs in Clarksville, died in 1961; her mother, Blanche, worked as a maid in Clarksville homes and died in 1994.Rudolph had several early childhood illnesses, including pneumonia and scarlet fever, and she contracted infantile paralysis (caused by the poliovirus) at the age of five. She recovered from polio but lost strength in her left leg and foot. Physically disabled for much of her early life, Rudolph wore a leg brace until she was twelve years old. Because there was little medical care available to African American residents of Clarksville in the 1940s, Rudolph's parents sought treatment for her at the historically black Meharry Medical College (now Nashville General Hospital at Meharry) in Nashville, Tennessee, about 50 miles (80 km) from Clarksville.For two years, Rudolph and her mother made weekly bus trips to Nashville for treatments to regain the use of her weakened leg. She also received subsequent at-home massage treatments four times a day from members of her family and wore an orthopedic shoe for support of her foot for another two years. Because of the treatments she received at Meharry and the daily massages from her family members, Rudolph was able to overcome the debilitating effects of polio and learned to walk without a leg brace or orthopedic shoe for support by the time she was twelve years old.Rudolph was initially homeschooled due to the frequent illnesses that caused her to miss kindergarten and first grade. She began attending second grade at Cobb Elementary School in Clarksville in 1947, when she was seven years old. Rudolph attended Clarksville's all-black Burt High School, where she excelled in basketball and track. During her senior year of high school, Rudolph became pregnant with her first child, Yolanda, who was born in 1958, a few weeks before her enrollment at Tennessee State University in Nashville. In college, Rudolph continued to compete in track. She also became a member of the Delta Sigma Theta sorority. In 1963, Rudolph graduated from Tennessee State with a bachelor's degree in education. Rudolph's college education was paid by her participation in a work-study scholarship program that required her to work on the TSU campus for two hours a day.

 Career 

 Early years 
Rudolph was first introduced to organized sports at Burt High School, the center of Clarksville's African American community. After completing several years of medical treatments to regain the use of her left leg, Rudolph chose to follow in her sister Yvonne's footsteps and began playing basketball in the eighth grade. Rudolph continued to play basketball in high school, where she became a starter on the team and began competing in track. In her sophomore year, Rudolph scored 803 points and set a new record for high school girls' basketball. Rudolph's high school coach, C. C. Gray, gave her the nickname of "Skeeter" (for mosquito) because she moved so fast.While playing for her high school basketball team, Rudolph was spotted by Ed Temple, Tennessee State's track and field coach, a major break for the active young athlete. The day that Temple saw the tenth grader for the first time, he knew she was a natural athlete. Rudolph had already gained some track experience on Burt High School's track team two years earlier, mostly as a way to keep busy between basketball seasons. As a high school sophomore Rudolph competed at Alabama's Tuskegee Institute in her first major track event. Although she lost the race, Rudolph was determined to continue competing and win.Temple invited fourteen-year-old Rudolph to join his summer training program at Tennessee State. After attending the track camp, Rudolph won all nine events she entered at an Amateur Athletic Union track meet in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Under Temple's guidance she continued to train regularly at TSU while still a high school student. Rudolph raced at amateur athletic events with TSU's women's track team, known as the Tigerbelles, for two more years before enrolling at TSU as a student in 1958.

 1956 Summer Olympics 
When Rudolph was sixteen and a junior in high school, she attended the 1956 U.S. Olympic track and field team trials in Seattle, Washington, and qualified to compete in the 200-meter individual event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. Rudolph, the youngest member of the U.S. Olympic team, was one of five TSU Tigerbelles to qualify for the 1956 Melbourne Olympics.Rudolph was defeated in a preliminary heat of the 200-meter race at the Melbourne Olympic Games, but ran the third leg of the 4 × 100 m relay. The American team of Rudolph, Isabelle Daniels, Mae Faggs, and Margaret Matthews, all of whom were TSU Tigerbelles, won the bronze medal, matching the world-record time of 44.9 seconds. The British team won the silver medal. The Australian team, with the 100- and 200-meter gold medalist Betty Cuthbert as their anchor leg, won the gold medal in a time of 44.5 seconds. After Rudolph returned to her Tennessee home from the Melbourne Olympic Games, she showed her high school classmates the bronze medal that she had won and decided to try to win a gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy.In 1958 Rudolph enrolled at Tennessee State, where Temple continued as her track coach. In 1959, at the Pan American Games in Chicago, Illinois, Rudolph won a silver medal in the 100-meter  individual event, as well as a gold medal in the 4 × 100-meter relay with teammates Isabelle Dan, Barbara Joe, and Lucinda Williams. She also won the AAU 200-meter title in 1959 and defended it for four consecutive years. During her career, Rudolph also won three AAU indoor titles.

 1960 Summer Olympics 
While she was still a sophomore at Tennessee State, Rudolph competed in the U.S. Olympic track and field trials at Abilene Christian University in Abilene, Texas, where she set a world record in the 200-meter dash that stood for eight years. She also qualified for the 1960 Summer Olympics in the 100-meter dash.At the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy, Rudolph competed in three events on a cinder track in Rome's Stadio Olimpico: the 100- and 200-meter sprints, as well as the 4 × 100-meter relay. Rudolph, who won a gold medal in each of these events, became the first American woman to win three gold medals in a single Olympiad.Rudolph ran the finals in the 100-meter dash in a wind-aided time of 11.0 seconds. (The record-setting time was not credited as a world record, because the wind, at 2.75 metres (3.01 yd) per second, exceeded the maximum of 2 metres (2.2 yd).) Rudolph became the first American woman to win a gold medal in the 100-meter race since Helen Stephens's win in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Rudolph won another gold medal in the finals of the 200-meter dash with a time of 24.0 seconds, after setting a new Olympic record of 23.2 seconds in the opening heat. After these wins she was hailed throughout the world as "the fastest woman in history."On September 7, 1960, the temperature climbed toward 40 °C (104 °F) as thousands of spectators jammed the stadium. Rudolph combined efforts with her Olympic teammates from Tennessee State—Martha Hudson, Lucinda Williams, and Barbara Jones—to win the 4 × 100-meter relays with a time of 44.5 seconds, after setting a world record of 44.4 seconds in the semifinals. Rudolph ran the anchor leg for the American team in the finals and nearly dropped the baton after a pass from Williams, but she overtook Germany's anchor leg to win the relay in a close finish. Rudolph had a special, personal reason to hope for victory—to pay tribute to Jesse Owens, the celebrated American athlete and star of the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany, who had been her inspiration.Rudolph was one of the most popular athletes of the 1960 Rome Olympics and emerged from the Olympic Games as "The Tornado, the fastest woman on earth." The Italians nicknamed her "La Gazzella Nera" ("The Black Gazelle"). The French called her "La Perle Noire" ("The Black Pearl"), as well as "La Chattanooga Choo-Choo. Along with other 1960 Olympic athletes such as Cassius Clay (later known as Muhammad Ali), Oscar Robertson, and Rafer Johnson, Rudolph became an international star due to the first worldwide television coverage of the Olympics that year. The 1960 Rome Olympics launched Rudolph into the public spotlight and the media cast her as America's athletic "leading lady" and a "queen," with praises of her athletic accomplishments as well as her feminine beauty and poise.

 Post-Olympic career 
Rudolph returned home to Clarksville after completing a post-games European tour, where she and her Olympic teammates competed in meets in London, West Germany, the Netherlands, and at other venues in Europe. Rudolph's hometown of Clarksville celebrated "Welcome Wilma Day" on October 4, 1960, with a full day of festivities. Because Rudolph adamantly insisted, her homecoming parade and banquet became the first fully integrated municipal event in the city's history. An estimated 1,100 attended the banquet in her honor and thousands lined the city streets to watch the parade.Rudolph's gold-medal victories in Rome also "propelled her to become one of the most highly visible black women across the United States and around the world." Her Olympic star status also "gave an enormous boost to the indoor track circuit in the months following the Olympic Games in Rome." In 1961 Rudolph competed in the prestigious, Los Angeles Invitational indoor track meet, where thousands turned out to watch her run. Besides, she was invited to compete in New York Athletic Club track events and became the first woman invited to compete at the Millrose Games. Rudolph was also invited to compete at the Penn Relays and the Drake Relays, among others.Following her Olympic victories, the United States Information Agency made a ten-minute documentary film, Wilma Rudolph: Olympic Champion (1961), to highlight her accomplishments on the track. Rudolph's appearance in 1960 on To Tell the Truth, an American television game show, and later as a guest on The Ed Sullivan Show also helped promote her status as an iconic sports star.In 1961 Rudolph married William Ward, a North Carolina College at Durham track team member; they divorced in 1963. In the interim, Rudolph retired from track competition at the age of twenty-two, following victories in the 100-meter and 4 x 100-meter-relay races at the U.S.–Soviet meet at Stanford University in 1962. At the time of her retirement, Rudolph was still the world record-holder in the 100-meter (11.2 seconds set on July 19, 1961), 200-meter (22.9 seconds set on July 9, 1960), and 4 x 100-meter-relay events. She had also won seven national AAU sprint titles and set the women's indoor track record of 6.9 seconds in the 60-yard dash. As Rudolph explained it, she retired at the peak of her athletic career because she wanted to leave the sport while still at her best. As such, she did not compete at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan, saying, "If I won two gold medals, there would be something lacking. I'll stick with the glory I've already won like Jesse Owens did in 1936."After retiring from competition, Rudolph continued her education at Tennessee State and earned a bachelor's degree in elementary education in 1963. That year she also made a month-long trip to West Africa as a goodwill ambassador for the U.S State Department. Rudolph served as U.S. representative to the 1963 Friendship Games in Dakar, Senegal, and visited Ghana, Guinea, Mali, and Upper Volta, where she attended sporting events, visited schools, and made guest appearances on television and radio broadcasts. She also attended the premiere of the U.S. Information Agency's documentary film that highlighted her track career.In May 1963, a few weeks after returning from Africa, Rudolph participated in a civil rights protest in her hometown of Clarksville to desegregate one of the city's restaurants. Within a short time, the mayor announced that the city's public facilities, including its restaurants, would become fully integrated. Rudolph also married Robert Eldridge, who had fathered her child when she was in high school, later that year. The couple had three additional children, but divorced after seventeen years of marriage.

 Later years 
Rudolph did not earn significant money as an amateur athlete and shifted to a career in teaching and coaching after her retirement from track competition. She began as a second-grade teacher at Cobb Elementary School, where she had attended as a child, and coached track at Burt High School, where she had once been a student-athlete herself, but conflict forced her to leave the position.Rudolph moved several times over the years and lived in various places such as Chicago, Illinois; Indianapolis, Indiana; Saint Louis, Missouri; Detroit, Michigan; Tennessee; California; and Maine.Rudolph's autobiography, Wilma: The Story of Wilma Rudolph, was published in 1977. It served as the basis for several other publications and films. By 2014 at least twenty-one books on Rudolph's life had been published for children from pre-school youth to high school students.In addition to teaching, Rudolph worked for nonprofit organizations and government-sponsored projects that supported athletic development among American children. In Boston, Massachusetts, she became involved in the federal Job Corps program, and in 1967 served as a track specialist for Operation Champion. In 1981 Rudolph established and led the Wilma Rudolph Foundation, a nonprofit organization based in Indianapolis, Indiana, that trains youth athletes. In 1987 Rudolph joined DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana, as director of its women's track program and served as a consultant on minority affairs to the university's president.She went on to host a local television show in Indianapolis. Rudolph was also a publicist for Universal Studios as well as a television sports commentator for ABC Sports during the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, and lit the cauldron to open the Pan American Games in Indianapolis in 1987 in front of 80,000 spectators at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1992, two years before her untimely death, Rudolph became a vice president at Nashville's Baptist Hospital.

 Marriage and family 
Rudolph dated boxing legend Muhammad Ali during the early 1960s.  She was married twice, with both marriages ending in divorce. On October 14, 1961, she married William "Willie" Ward, a member of the North Carolina College at Durham track team. They divorced in May 1963. After her graduation from Tennessee State in 1963 Rudolph married Robert Eldridge, her high school sweetheart, with whom she already had a daughter, Yolanda, born in 1958. Rudolph and Eldridge had four children: two daughters (Yolanda, born in 1958, and Djuanna, born in 1964) and two sons (Robert Jr., born in 1965, and Xurry, born in 1971). The seventeen-year marriage ended in divorce.

 Death and legacy 
In July 1994 (shortly after her mother's death), Rudolph was diagnosed with brain cancer. She also had been diagnosed with throat cancer. Her condition deteriorated rapidly, and she died on November 12, 1994, at the age of fifty-four, at her home in Brentwood, a suburb of Nashville, Tennessee.Rudolph's legacy lies in her efforts to overcome obstacles that included childhood illnesses and a physical disability to become the fastest woman runner in the world in 1960. At the 1960 Rome Olympics, she became the first American woman to win three gold medals in a single Olympiad. Rudolph was one of the first role models for black and female athletes. Her Olympic success "gave a tremendous boost to women's track in the United States." Rudolph's celebrity also caused gender barriers to be broken at previously all-male track and field events such as the Millrose Games.In addition to her athletic accomplishments, Rudolph is remembered for her contributions to youth, including founding and heading the Wilma Rudolph Foundation, which trains youth athletes.  Her life is remembered in numerous publications, especially books for young readers. Rudolph's life has been featured in documentary films and made-for-television movies too: 

Walter de Hoog directed Wilma Rudolph: Olympic Champion (1961), the United States Information Agency's ten-minute film documentary of her accomplishments on the track.
In 1977, Bud Greenspan produced Wilma (also known as The Story of Wilma Rudolph), a made-for-television docudrama adaptation of her autobiography starring Shirley Jo Finney as Rudolph and costarring Cicely Tyson, Jason Bernard, and Denzel Washington in one of his first roles.
In 2015, Positive Edge Education Ltd. commissioned Pixel Revolution Films, a United Kingdom-based film company, to produce three short inspiration dramas to be screened in schools, including one about Rudolph's life. Unlimited (2015)  was written and directed by Ian and Dominic Higgins.

 Awards and honors 
Rudolph was named United Press International Athlete of the Year (1960) and Associated Press Woman Athlete of the Year (1960 and 1961). She was also the recipient of the James E. Sullivan Award (1960) for the top amateur athlete in the United States and the Babe Didrikson Zaharias Award (1962). In addition, Rudolph had
a private meeting with President John F. Kennedy in the Oval Office. Rudolph was also honored with the National Sports Award (1993).Rudolph was inducted into several women's and sports halls of fame: 

Black Sports Hall of Fame (1973)
U.S. National Track and Field Hall of Fame (1974)
U.S. Olympic Hall of Fame (1983)
National Women's Hall of Fame (1994)
National Black Sports and Entertainment Hall of Fame (2001)In 1984, the Women's Sports Foundation selected Rudolph as one of the five greatest women athletes in the United States. In 1996, the foundation presented its first Wilma Rudolph Courage Award to Jackie Joyner-Kersee.In 1994, a portion of U.S. Route 79 was named Wilma Rudolph Boulevard, extending from Interstate 24, exit 4, in Clarksville to the Red River (Lynnwood-Tarpley) bridge near the Kraft Street intersection. On November 21, 1995, the Wilma Rudolph Memorial Commission placed a black marble marker at her grave site in Edgefield Missionary Baptist Church. In April 1996, a life-size bronze statue of Rudolph was erected "at the southern end of the Cumberland River Walk at the base of the Pedestrian Overpass" at College Street and Riverside Drive in Clarksville.In 2012, the city of Clarksville, TN built the Wilma Rudolph Event Center, located at Liberty Park on Cumberland Drive.  The life-size bronze statue was moved there from its previous location at Riverside Drive, and stands there now near the entrance of the building.
On December 2, 1980, Tennessee State University named its indoor track in Rudolph's honor. On August 11, 1995 (nine months after Rudolph's death), Tennessee State University dedicated a new, six-story dormitory as the Wilma G. Rudolph Residence Center. The building houses upper class and graduate women. It provides Wi-Fi access and includes a computer lab, beauty salon, and cafeteria. In 1997, Governor Don Sundquist proclaimed that June 23 be known as "Wilma Rudolph Day" in Tennessee.The December 29, 1999, issue of Sports Illustrated ranked Rudolph first on its list of the top fifty greatest sports figures of the twentieth-century from Tennessee. ESPN ranked Rudolph forty-first in its listing of the twentieth century's greatest athletes.Following the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Berlin in 1994, Berlin American High School (BAHS) was turned over to the people of Berlin and became the "Gesamtschule Am Hegewinkel". The school was renamed the "Wilma Rudolph Oberschule" in her honor in summer 2000.On July 14, 2004, the U.S. Postal Service issued a 23-cent postage stamp, the fifth in its Distinguished Americans series, in recognition of her accomplishments.

 See also 
 Sport of athletics portal

 Notes 

 References 
"1960: Rudolph takes third Olympic gold". BBC. 11 September 1960. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
Bagchi, Rob (June 1, 2012). "50 stunning Olympic moments No. 35: Wilma Rudolph's triple gold in 1960". The Guardian. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
Biography.com Editors (June 17, 2016). "Wilma Rudolph Biography". A&E Television Networks. Archived from the original on August 22, 2016. Retrieved February 9, 2017. : |author= has generic name (help)
Biracree, Tom (1988). Wilma Rudolph: Champion Athlete. New York: Chelsea House Publishers. ISBN 1555466753.
"Black Sports and Entertainment Hall of Fame". UPI Archives. UPI. August 30, 2001. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
Braun, Eric (2005). Wilma Rudolph. Capstone Press. ISBN 0-7368-4234-9.
Chamberlain, Charles (February 22, 1973). "Will Wilma Rudolph Eldridge's Daughter Add To Three Olympic Gold Medals Her Mom Won In International Competition?". The Gettysburg Times. Gettysburg, Pennsylvania: 14. Retrieved 2017-02-09.
Coffey, Wayne R. (1993). Wilma Rudolph. Blackbirch Press. ISBN 1-56711-004-5.
Conrad, David (2002). Stick to It!: The Story of Wilma Rudolph. Compass Point Books. ISBN 0-7565-0384-1.
The Eagle. Vol. 1960. Durham: North Carolina Central University. 1960.
"The Fastest Female". Time. September 19, 1960. Archived from the original on March 6, 2007. Retrieved February 9, 2017.(subscription required)
Haney, James E., "Wilma Rudolph" in Smith, Jessie Carnie, ed. (1992). Notable Black American Women. Detroit: Gale Research. pp. 958–61.
Harper, Jo. Wilma Rudolph: Olympic Runner (Childhood of Famous Americans), Aladdin (January 6, 2004) – ISBN 0-606-29739-1
Krull, Kathleen. Wilma Unlimited: How Wilma Rudolph Became the World's Fastest Woman, Harcourt * Children's Books; Library Binding edition (April 1, 1996) – ISBN 0-15-201267-2
Liberti, Rita, and Maureen M. Smith (2015). (Re)Presenting Wilma Rudolph. Sports and Entertainment. Syracuse, New York: Syracuse University Press. ISBN 978-0-8156-3384-6.:  CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
Lovett, Bobby L. (June 20, 2016). "Wilma Rudolph and the TSU Tigerbelles" (PDF). Tennessee State University. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
Lovett, Bobby L. (February 24, 2011). "Wilma Rudolph (1940–1994) and the TSU Tigerbelles". Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture Version 2 (online edition). University of Tennessee Press. Retrieved 2017-02-09.
Maraniss, David (2008). Rome 1960: The Olympics That Changed The World. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 978-1-4165-3408-2.
"The Master List: The 50 Greatest Sports Figures of the Century from Each of the 50 States". Sports Illustrated. December 29, 1999. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
Moore, Wilma L. (Fall 2012). "Everyday People: Sports Champions and History Makers". Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History. Indianapolis: Indiana Historical Society. 24 (4): 26–29.
Norwood, Arlisha. "Wilma Rudolph." National Women's History Museum. 2017.
"Olympic Gold Medalist Wilma Rudolph Joins DePauw Team". DePauw University. January 14, 1987. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
Onofrio, Jan (June 1, 1999). Tennessee Biographical Dictionary. North American Book Dist LLC. ISBN 978-0-403-09700-5.
Plowden, Martha Ward (1996). Olympic Black Women. Tennessee State University Library: Pelican Publishing Company. ISBN 1-56554-080-8.
"Postal Service Honors Wilma Rudolph with 'Distinguished America". DePauw University. July 14, 2004. Archived from the original on February 18, 2017. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
Roberts, M. B. "Rudolph ran and world went wild". ESPN. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
Ruth, Amy (2000). Wilma Rudolph. Lerner Publications. ISBN 0-8225-4976-X.
Schraff, Anne E. (2004). Wilma Rudolph: The Greatest Woman Sprinter in History. Enslow Publishers. ISBN 0-7660-2291-9.
Schwartz, Larry. "Her Roman Conquest". ESPN. Retrieved February 17, 2017.
Sherrow, Victoria (2000). Wilma Rudolph. On My Own Biographies. Carolrhoda Books. ISBN 1-57505-246-6.
Smith, Maureen Margaret (2006). Wilma Rudolph: A Biography. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0313333076.
Streissguth, Tom (2007). Wilma Rudolph. Turnaround Publisher. ISBN 978-0-8225-6693-9.
Unlimited at IMDb 
Van West, Carroll (1998). Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture. Nashville: Tennessee Historical Society/Rutledge Hill Press. ISBN 1558535993.
Waldman, Amy (August 29, 2001). "Black Hall of Fame Is Honoring Entertainment and Sports Stars". The New York Times. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
"What To See: Wilma Rudolph Statue". Clarksville-Montgomery County Economic Development Council. August 4, 2009. Archived from the original on August 4, 2009. Retrieved February 9, 2017.:  CS1 maint: bot: original URL status unknown (link)
Wilma at IMDb 
"Wilma Rudolph". National Women's Hall of Fame. Archived from the original on September 29, 2007. Retrieved February 9, 2017.
"Wilma Rudolph". sports-reference.com. Sports Reference. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved August 27, 2014.
"Wilma Rudolph". USA Track and Field. Archived from the original on April 23, 2013. Retrieved November 16, 2013.
"Wilma Rudolph biography". Women in History. Archived from the original on 2012-11-04. Retrieved June 11, 2007.
"Wilma Rudolph Courage Award". Women's Sports Foundation. Archived from the original on September 28, 2007. Retrieved February 9, 2017.

 Further reading 
Lansbury, Jennifer. A spectacular leap: black women athletes in twentieth-century America. University of Arkansas Press, 2014, Fayetteville. ISBN 9781557286581.

 External links 

Wilma Rudolph at World Athletics
Wilma Rudolph at www.USATF.org
Wilma Rudolph at the USATF Hall of Fame
Wilma Rudolph at Olympics.com
Wilma Rudolph at Olympedia
Wilma Rudolph at the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee Hall of Fame
Wilma Rudolph at the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame
Wilma Rudolph at the Team USA Hall of Fame
Wilma Rudolph at IMDb 
Wilma Rudolph, Whitehouse Kids
Sports Heroes: Wilma Rudolph Archived 2010-02-05 at the Wayback Machine, My Hero Project
Wilma Rudolph at Find a Grave
Wilma Rudolph, 2008 Summer Olympics website
Norwood, Arlisha. "Wilma Rudolph". National Women's History Museum. 2017.

Eagle Island (Casco Bay, Maine)
Eagle Island is an island in Maine's Casco Bay and the site of the summer home of the North Pole explorer Admiral Robert Peary (1856-1920). The island and home are preserved as the Eagle Island State Historic Site.

 History 
Peary purchased the island in 1881 for $200 and built a summer house there in 1904. His family continued to spend summers on the island until the property was donated to the people of Maine in 1967. Eagle Island was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 and declared a National Historic Landmark in 2014.

 Description 
IslandEagle Island is an 17-acre (6.9 ha) island in the outermost portion of the archipelago of Casco Bay. Administratively part of Harpswell, it is 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Portland, approximately 2 miles from the Dolphin Marina at the end of Harpswell Neck, and 15 miles (24 km) south of Brunswick. The island has a maximum height of 40 feet (12 m) above sea level, and is rocky with a thin layer of topsoil. The forest on the island was replanted by the Pearys and contains species atypical of other island forests. There are trails providing access to most of the island. The island was purchased by Admiral Peary in 1881. At the northern end of the island is a Y-shaped clearing in which the site's buildings are located, and a small beach area with a long wooden pier. There are three major structures on the island in addition to the pier: the Peary house, a caretaker's cabin, and a visitors center. The pier was constructed in 1969, and the visitors center in 2012. The gardens on the island were planted by Josephine Peary, daughter Marie, and daughter-in-law Inez and are maintained by volunteers. Each year about 6,000 tourists visit the island.
EstateThe Peary House is a wood-frame house, built in several stages. The original portion of the house was built in 1904, and consisted of a rectangular structure with a single large living room on the first floor and three bedrooms on the second floor. Meals were prepared in the caretaker's house, an apparently inadequate situation that prompted the construction of a small kitchen and dining wing in 1906. A new fieldstone foundation with concrete piers was built, raising the structure onto a full-height basement, and shed-roof dormers were added to each side of the gabled roof. Following his retirement, Peary embarked on a further expansion of the building in 1912–13. The 1906 kitchen wing was detached, and a new expanded wing added, with a porch on three sides. Peary also built a pair of circular stone bastions, which served in part as a retaining wall to keep the house from being blown into the water during stormy weather. One of these bastions Peary used to house his artifact collection from his many expeditions.After Peary's death in 1920, his family made only modest alterations before giving the property to the state in 1967. The state built the pier and undertook restoration of the property, which had suffered deterioration due to weather. A portion of the Peary house's roof caved in during 1990, resulting in water damage to Peary's study, and necessitating reconstruction of that part of the house.

 See also 
List of National Historic Landmarks in Maine
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cumberland County, Maine
List of islands of Maine

 References 

 External links 
Eagle Island State Historic Site Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry
Friends of Peary's Eagle Island

Tupinambás Uprising
The Tupinambá Uprising (1617-1621), also called the Tupinambá Revolt, took place on January 13, 1618, and was led by the tuxaua (cacique) Cabelo de Velha, who gathered several native indigenous groups from the busy Mairi region (now the city of Belém of Pará) to fight against the Portuguese, due to the abuses committed by these colonizers when they exploited the indigenous labor force in the Conquest of Pará. This movement was one of a series of uprisings that took place in the region between 1617 and 1619. The disputes culminated in the attack in January 1619 by the Tupinambá on the Presépio Fort (a Portuguese fortification), located on the shores of Guajará Bay.At the beginning of the 17th century, the Portuguese were on expeditions through Brazilian territory. Where the region in the extreme north of the country was invaded by the English and the Dutch, who set up trading posts to exploit the raw material that would be sold in Europe. Thus, the Portuguese started military campaigns to strengthen their dominance in the Amazon territory and ensure the exploitation of local natural resources (sertão drugs), due to the loss of competition in the Asian market for the Dutch. Where in 1580 occurred the Portuguese invasion and the establishment of a colonial nucleus with Captain Castelo Branco and, in 1616, the settlers founded the city of Belém and settled in the Amazon, aiming to protect the entrance of the Amazon River. They made an alliance with the local native Tupinambás (people formed from the migration of Tupis who inhabited the northeastern coast).
The alliance with the Tupinambás of Pará, was mediated by the Maranhão ethnic group that already had a relationship with foreigners, seeking benefits in trade and in wars. However, the colonists then proceeded to enslave the Tupinambás, just as they had done with the indigenous people in the northeast of the country, the first to be conquered.
The abuses of slavery resulted in the union against the Portuguese. The captured indigenous suffered physical, cultural and religious impositions by the Portuguese, via Franciscan and Jesuit missionaries, in addition to serving as labor in colonial production. The uprisings resulted in massacres and imprisonment of the natives, who served as troops for the Portuguese disputes.

 History 

 Context 
The European maritime expansion, started in the 15th century, arose from the need of countries to expand their trade in crisis, mainly due to the commercial monopoly of the Turks in the Eastern region and the dominance of the Arabs in Africa. With the rising price of Asian and African goods, such as precious stones, perfumes, fabrics, and spices, the Europeans started great voyages by ships to discover new lands to be explored. The Portuguese and Spanish voyages resulted in the conquest of several territories, among them, the American continent. In order to divide the lands to be dominated by each of them, Portugal and Spain signed the Treaty of Tordesillas in 1494. The agreement separated the world by an imaginary meridian: the eastern side was Portuguese and the western side Spanish. The Tordesillas meridian cut the Brazilian territory in two parts and Portugal was only entitled to the area that today comprises the northeast region and a small part of the southeast of the country. However, the colonizing initiative of the Portuguese in Brazil, to exploit the natural wealth and settlement, was extended beyond the limits defined by the treaty during the 17th and 18th centuries.In the 17th century, territorial disputes and competition among European powers were the motivations for the exploration of the Amazon, a vast territory with a variety of riches, still unknown to the colonizers. According to the treaty, the area was assigned to the Spanish. However, after consolidating themselves in northeastern Brazil, the Portuguese began to extend their domains, aiming to colonize the entire territory. The Portuguese domination in Brazil had three main social agents: the settlers, the missionaries and the indigenous people. The missionaries traveled to Brazil with the objective of catechizing the indigenous, while the settlers took advantage of the native to build their domain of goods and power. There was a struggle of interests and motivations between the two European groups. Despite forcing the natives to convert to a new religion, the religious also defended the tribes in the face of the exaggerations committed by the colonists. So, the action of the missionaries was ambiguous, since they denounced the abuses and came into conflict with the colonists and, at the same time, they were part of the Portuguese people, depending on relations with the powerful to maintain themselves.

 Indigenous enslavement 
In the 16th century, colonists would go into the Brazilian backlands to seize indigenous, who would then be treated as slaves, working for no pay and being traded and sold. There were attempts by the Portuguese themselves to limit this exploitative and servile treatment. On March 20, 1570, King Sebastião promulgated the first law prohibiting this exploitative practice by the colonists. However, the law legitimized the capture of indigenous people in two situations: in just wars fought with the permission of the governor or the king, and when they were to prevent anthropophagy (cannibalism). The colonists began to take advantage of the law's concessions to justify the imprisonment of the indigenous people. Later, King Filipe II was pressured by the missionaries and annulled the sebastian law, determining that the natives could no longer be captured, except in wars ordered by the king. In 1605, Filipe III confirmed his father's decree on the matter. In 1609, the capture of many indigenous people in the town of Jaguaribe, in Ceará, led to a new declaration. Filipe III declared that all Gentiles were free and should be paid for their labor. However, the laws and declarations were not enough to curb the hostilities with the indigenous. The law of 1609 failed to guarantee the freedom of the natives, and two years later, in 1611, Filipe III reaffirmed the freedom of the indigenous and defined that if there were rebellion or wars with the native peoples, the need to make war against them would be discussed in a Junta. Only with approval would the war take place and the colonists could seize the indigenous. In theory, enslavement was restricted and conditional. In practice, there was no control of the abuses committed by the Portuguese and cases of indigenous capture were widespread.The allied and submissive indigenous had, as much as possible, their freedom guaranteed by the colonizers, because the Portuguese recognized that they were the main workforce and strength to ensure the defense of the territory and the wide exploitation of natural resources. The indigenous who did not resist the colonizing project in Brazil had their lands preserved and earned a fair remuneration. In this sense, slavery was determined by the distinction between the meek indigenous, who adhered to the colonizers' civilization program; and the insubordinate and aggressive indigenous. Often, the same group of indigenous could be considered good and then aggressive. Enslavement was legitimized by just war and ransom, in situations of anthropophagy and other arrests between indigenous from different tribes. The so-called just wars were those aimed at territorial expansion and evangelization of the natives. In the Amazon backlands, especially in Pará, captivity was violent and illegal. Even with the laws, the situation of illegality was not reversed, because the prosperity of expansion and colonization was due to the exploitation of the natives.

 Amazon colonization 
The northern region of Brazil was disputed by European countries. During the reigns of the three Filipes in Brazil, there were few colonization groups on the northeastern coast and the goal to expand the colonial territory with expeditions to the interior of the country, exploring the north. The Portuguese occupation of Pará, for example, happened in 1616, with the construction of the Presépio Fort in Belém. Before the Portuguese domination there, the Amazon valley was discovered by the Spanish. Later, the region was explored and occupied by the English and Dutch. In 1542, Francisco de Orellana explored the Amazon from west to east, following the Amazon River, in the same expedition group as Gonzalo Pizarro, who had conquered Peru. In 1545, Francisco de Orellana returned to the Amazon with the title of adelantado, the name given to the first Spaniards who explored the American territory. Francisco was not successful. Only in 1560, there was another Spanish expedition to the region, starting in Peru and reaching the Atlantic Ocean the following year. The members of this expedition murdered the commander, General Pedro de Ursua, during the trip. The Dutch and English expeditions to the Amazon region began in 1596. The Portuguese presence in the Amazon region began in the 16th century, when the captaincies were created. The Portuguese did not carry out expeditions there, which made it possible for other European peoples to enter and occupy the region.Mercantilist competition transferred the tensions of rivalries among European peoples to the indigenous tribes, causing divisions and conflicts among the tribes of indigenous Brazil and culminating in the formation of colonial Brazil. For political and economic purposes, the English, Dutch and Portuguese established alliances with the native peoples, taking the opportunity to exploit the old tribal rivalries. The collaboration of the natives became an imposition by the Portuguese, who forced the tribes to work and fight for the Lusitanian objectives of expanding the territory and extracting natural wealth for trade. The disputes of the tribes allied to the Portuguese with indigenous people allied to other countries, such as England and Holland, resulted in the capture of prisoners of war, who would serve as slaves to establish Portugal's first facilities in the northern region. In this way, competition for the possession and dominance of indigenous labor played a key role in the formation history of the country.

 Background 
Between the years 1614 and 1615, the Portuguese decided to start expanding their territory towards the Amazon region. The occupation of the Amazon begins during the period of the Filipe kings, the time of the Iberian Union. Progress in the conquest of the Amazon began in late 1615, when the Portuguese defeated the French and managed to occupy São Luís. At the beginning of the expeditions in the area, Captain Francisco Caldeira Castelo Branco was in charge. He founded Belém, with the strategic need to protect the Amazon region. Therefore, at the end of 1616, in the region called Feliz Lusitânia (Belém), Castelo Branco ordered the construction of a fort, named Presépio. The indigenous who dominated the region were the Tupinambás, who were not aggressive in this first contact. The colonizers presented the indigenous with tools and other objects they carried. The artillery of São Luís started to occupy the newly built fort. In 1617, Pará began to receive more men, in order to maintain domination in the area. A group of Franciscans, led by Friar Antonio de Merciana, arrived at the site and founded a house, beginning the relationship with the Tupinambás indigenous. In addition to the dangers of the indigenous' behavior, the Portuguese would still face the English and Dutch, who were occupying the nearby areas.

 The revolts 
Starting in February 1617, the region would be the stage for several conflicts between the Portuguese and the Tupinambás. At first, the indigenous mistrusted the Portuguese, because they knew of other tribes that had been oppressed and captured as slaves by the colonists. There was a clash, because the Tupinambás had a friendly relationship with the French, who were in the region. In the first weeks, there was conflict between the Portuguese and the natives, because Castelo Branco could not maintain a good relationship with the indigenous. In the first revolts, the natives faced settler groups commanded by Sergeant Major Diogo Botelho and Captain Gaspar de Freitas. The fights resulted in the deaths of many natives and the destruction of the villages of Caju and Mortiguera. The Tupinambás suffered abuse and were treated with violence. In reaction to this conduct by the Portuguese, the tribes joined to attack the settlers in the Belém area. However, the Presépio Fort was very close to the indigenous and the Portuguese were able to quickly weaken the movement, thanks to the weapons stored in the fort.The struggle of the Tupinambás to expel the Portuguese from their land was bloodier and longer than the conflicts with the European peoples who occupied the Amazon territory before. The brutality with which the Portuguese treated the indigenous was a way to put an end to the revolts quickly and to put fear into the others, so that they would not repeat the acts. Most of the rebellious indigenous were killed and some were imprisoned, especially the leaders, who used to be taken away to be killed by cannons. The Tupinambás also conducted raids in the Portuguese settlement, causing tension in the region. In the face of these events, Castelo Branco refused to talk to the king and ask for help. Still in 1617, he asked Ensign Francisco de Medina to attack the enemies by surprise. The attempt failed, because the Portuguese attacked two canoes and the indigenous swam away. In the various battles between the two groups, the indigenous did not have the same weapons as the Portuguese, but they had a good strategy of constantly attacking and retreating, as in a guerrilla war. In early 1618, to protect the settlement, the Portuguese government decided to recruit Bento Maciel Parente, who was appointed assistant to Antonio de Albuquerque in Pernambuco. Bento achieved some victories against the indigenous, which led to a dispute among the Portuguese themselves. Antônio wanted to take credit for the conquest.On January 13, 1618, the Tupinambás of Pará and Maranhão united in an uprising against the abuses of the Portuguese, in defense of their land. Many indigenous were killed and the abuses continued. Other small uprisings occurred over time, because the indigenous were always on the alert. To make matters worse, Captain Francisco Caldeira Castelo Branco was losing credibility among the Portuguese population. The captain's nephew had murdered a man for no reason and was not punished for his action. Castelo Branco was deposed from his position and returned to Portugal, where he was arrested in 1618. The disagreements were the opportunity for a new attack by the indigenous. Thus, on January 7, 1619, the Tupinambás gathered to attack from the Belém city fort. The indigenous leader, Cabelo de Velha, was killed by the Portuguese. As a result, the settlers cruelly invaded and attacked the villages of Iguape and Guamá.

 Consequences 
Brutal conflicts between indigenous and Portuguese resulted in deaths and imprisonments. The relations between the two peoples was marked by violence and imposition of the Lusitanians, often disguised by the presence of missionaries. Baltazar Rodrigues was sent to replace the deposed captain Castelo Branco and had the support of the Captain-Mor Jerônimo Fragoso to contain the conflict situation in the region. With him, Bento Maciel Parente, a settler known for his cruelty, went to the location. The great massacre promoted by him caused the Indians some survivors to become members of the Portuguese army. With the leader Cabelo de Velha dead, the others were forced to suppress the uprising and surrender, becoming prisoners of war. The indigenous uprisings ended up serving the scheme of capturing natives for slave labor, reinforcing the violence committed against them.

 2nd Tupinambá Uprising (January 7, 2021) 
The "2nd Tupinambá Uprising" in Belém is the ancestral movement for the retaking of the sacred territory of Maery Tupã'mbae, deflagrated on January 7, 2021, during the Ritual of Recapture held in the Castelo Fort, on the same day and place where in 1617 the cacique Guamiaba Tupinambá, one of the leaders of the Tupinambá Uprising (1617-1621), was murdered. The Ritual of Recapture is the announcement and summons to the struggle for social liberation. We begin to gather the people of Maery and with this political act we call on Tocantins, Caeté, Colares, Maracanã, Cururupu and Cumã to rise up in the ranks of the anti-colonial struggle in the Amazon.

 See also 
Forte do Presépio
Francisco Caldeira Castelo Branco
Diogo Botelho Pereira
Feliz Lusitânia
Portuguese colonization of the Americas
Colonial Brazil
History of Brazil

 References 

Donald Judd (progression sculptures)
Donald Judd's progression sculptures are a series of wall sculptures created between 1964 and the 1970s. Each work is similar in form, with Judd's choice of material varying depending on the date of production. Judd based each work on a simple mathematical sequence such as the Fibonacci Sequence. He typically called the works Untitled, sometimes adding the word progression to the title. Judd, along with fellow  artists, Dan Flavin and Mel Bochner, was interested in the minimalist notion of seriality or serial progression rather than the more classical relational method of composition.

 Works 
Untitled (Progression) is a 1965 work made of painted and galvanized aluminum, held by the Saint Louis Art Museum.
Untitled, made in 1965, is a maroon and silver aluminum sculpture held by the Whitney Museum of Art. The original version of the work was painted with a Harley-Davidson motorcycle paint whose color was called "Hi-Fi Purple". The work was restored in 1976 and 2005.
Untitled, held by the Indianapolis Museum of Art, was created in 1967. It consists of a brass bar over a series of five steel boxes in Judd's signature cadmium red. The long brass bar is both hollow and open at both ends. The red boxes increase geometrically in size from right to left, with the fifth box being sixteen times the length of the first. Conversely, the voids between the boxes decrease geometrically, the leftmost space being one quarter the size of the rightmost. The actual fabrication was performed by the Bernstein Brothers firm.
Untitled, made in 1969, was fabricated from extruded aluminum and polished aluminum. A mathematical sequence of 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21 is represented in a series of polished aluminum blocks. The work is held by the Van Abbe Museum, Eindhoven.
Untitled (Progression), made in 1970, sets five blocks of blue-purple anodized aluminum against a long clear anodized square rod. It is held in the collection of the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art.
Untitled, made in 1973, is a copper wall sculpture that added 1.5 inches to the width of each protrusion from left to right. It is held by the Tate Museum, London.
Untitled, made in 1976 from clear anodized and chartreuse anodized aluminum,is held by the Peggy Guggenheim Collection in Venice, Italy. In it, the width of the chartreuse blocks present a reverse Fibonacci sequence when viewed from left to right.
Untitled, made in 1976 and held by the Nasher Sculpture Center is a clear and green anodized aluminum version of the progression sculptures.
Untitled, produced in 1978, is held by the National Gallery of Canada. The work, made of clear anodized and green anodized aluminum, follows a dual Fibonacci sequence.

 References 

Delavan, Wisconsin
Delavan is a city in Walworth County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 8,505 at the 2020 census. It is located 45 miles (72 km) southwest of Milwaukee. The city is located partially within the Town of Delavan, but the two entities are politically independent. Delavan is home to Delavan Lake which brings in a large number of tourists each year, and is also close to Lake Geneva, another popular tourist destination.

 History 

 Origins 
Delavan sits in the middle of what was once an inland sea. During the last ice age, the final glaciation, named the Michigan tongue, covered this region. The Michigan tongue descended along the area of Lake Michigan. The "Delavan lobe" of this glacier broke off, pushing southwest into the area of Walworth County.
The first humans known to inhabit the Delavan area were Native Americans around 1000 BCE. Later, between 500 and 1000 CE, Mound Builders lived in what is now the Delavan Lake area. Mound Builders were of the Woodland culture. The effigy mounds they erected along the shores of Delavan Lake numbered well over 200, according to an archeological survey done in the late 19th century by Beloit College. Many were along the north shore of the lake where Lake Lawn Resort now stands. The Potawotomi Indians settled around the lake in the late 18th century, although there were only an estimated 240 in the county. Some of their burial mounds are preserved in what is now Assembly Park.
From the mid-17th century through the mid-18th century, Delavan was part of "New France". It came under British rule in the Province of Quebec following the French and Indian War. In accordance with the Treaty of Paris (1783), it was turned over to the United States and became part of the newly established Northwest Territory.

 American era 
Between 1800 and 1836, the Delavan area was part of the Indiana Territory, followed by the Illinois Territory, finally becoming part of the Wisconsin Territory in 1836. Statehood was granted to Wisconsin in 1848.
Between 1847 and 1894, Delavan was home to 26 circus companies. The Mabie Brothers U.S. Olympic Circus, then the largest in America, arrived in 1847, to become the first circus to quarter in the territory of Wisconsin. Its famous rogue elephant, "Romeo", stood 10+1⁄2 feet (3.20 m) high, and 10,500 pounds (4,800 kg). The original P. T. Barnum Circus was organized here in 1871 by William C. Coup and Dan Costello. Over 130 members of Delavan's 19th century circus colony are buried in Spring Grove and St. Andrew cemeteries.
On July 21, 1948, Delavan was the site of Wisconsin's Circus Centennial as part of the state's celebration of 100 years of statehood.  On May 2, 1966, Delavan was selected by the U.S. Post Office to issue on a first day cover basis, the five-cent American Circus commemorative postage stamp.

 Geography 
Delavan is located at 42°39′N 88°38′W (42.630689, -88.638108).According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 7.22 square miles (18.70 km2), of which 6.76 square miles (17.51 km2) is land (94%) and 0.46 square miles (1.19 km2) is water (6%).

 Demographics 

 2010 census 
As of the census of 2010, there were 8,463 people, 3,189 households, and 2,079 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,251.9 inhabitants per square mile (483.4/km2). There were 3,500 housing units at an average density of 517.8 per square mile (199.9/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 81.2% White, 1.7% African American, 0.7% Native American, 1.0% Asian, 12.7% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 29.4% of the population.
There were 3,189 households, of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were married couples living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 6.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.8% were non-families. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.25.
The median age in the city was 33.5 years. 28.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.8% were from 25 to 44; 23.5% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.3% male and 50.7% female.

 Economy 
One of the major manufacturing and industrial centers of Walworth County, Delavan is home to over 230 businesses including such companies as Borg Indak, Pentair, Andes Candies, Waukesha Cherry-Burrell, Ajay Leisure Products and Outboard Marine Corp.City events include the Delavan Train Show in March, Cinco de Mayo in May, and Scarecrow Fest in September.

 Education 
The local school district has two elementary schools, Phoenix Middle School and  Delavan Darien High School. There are also three private schools: St. Andrew's Parish School (Catholic), Our Redeemer Lutheran School, and Delavan Christian School (interdenominational). The Wisconsin School for the Deaf is located in Delavan.

 Transportation 
Delavan was a stop on the Racine & Southwestern branch line of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad, better known as the Milwaukee Road. In its 1980 bankruptcy, the Milwaukee Road disposed of the Southwestern Line. The Wisconsin and Southern Railroad continues to service Delavan from a connection at Bardwell to the west.

 Notable Buildings 

 Citizens Bank of Delavan 
Built in 1904, The bank was originally founded on March 14, 1875, by Thomas Perry James and associates.

 Notable Persons 

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

 External links 

City of Delavan
Sanborn fire insurance maps: 1885 1892 1895 1904 1910
"Delavan" . New International Encyclopedia. 1905.

Jeon Boram
Jeon Bo-ram (Korean: 전보람; born March 22, 1986), referred to as Boram, is a South Korean singer, actress and host. She originally debuted as a solo artist, releasing two singles in 2008, before eventually becoming a member of girl group T-ara in 2009. The group went on to become one of the best-selling girl groups of all time.Boram has been involved in multiple acting projects, notably dramas Soul (2009), musicals I Really Really Like You (2009) and Lost Garden (2014), which became a hit in South Korea selling out all tickets.

 Early life 
Jeon Bo-ram was born on March 22, 1986, in Seoul, South Korea. Her father is Jeon Young-rok, was popular singer in South Korea in the 1970s and 1980s. Her mother is Lee Mi-young, a well-known actress. She is a third-generation artist in Korea as both her grandfather, Hwang Hae, and grandmother, Baek Sul-hee, were both singers. Her younger sister, Jeon Woo-ram, is a member of D-Unit, under the stage name Ram.

 Career 

 2008–2013: Career beginnings 

Boram released two single albums which consisted of four singles prior to her debut in T-ara. Her debut digital single "Is It Today" was released on April 15, 2008, in a single album titled "Lucifer Project Vol 1. 愛". On November 14, 2008, she released her second digital single titled "From Memory", along with two other singles.Boram was contacted by the CEO of Core Contents Media after he watched a video clip of her dancing to BoA's "My Name". In June 2009, Boram joined T-ara as a new member after members Jiae and Jiwon left the group.
In 2010, she was cast as a lead in a one-episode drama special of KBS's The Angel Of Death Comes With Purple High Heels. The drama recorded 5,1% in viewership, a 2,2% increase from the previous drama, and became the second highest rated drama of the year.
It was announced on July 15, 2010, that she would take over Eunjung's position as the second leader of T-ara, following the addition of new member Hwayoung.In December 2010, she was cast in the musical I Really Really Like You along with her father. Boram passed on her leadership to fellow member Hyomin in July 2011.

 2013–2016: QBS and The Lost Garden 

Boram along with Qri and Soyeon formed a subgroup called QBS in May 2013. The subgroup focused on the Japanese market. They released their debut single titled "Kaze no You ni" (風のように, Like the Wind) on June 26, 2013.In 2014, Jeon starred in the musical adaptation of Oscar Wilde's The Selfish Giant as Mercy, a global project featuring a team from five nations. It ran from January 17, 2014, to February 16 at Yongin Poeun Art Hall in Yongin, Gyeonggi. The musical was a commercial success and sold out every showing, selling more than 11,000 tickets just two weeks into its staging. The musical was previously a hit in Shanghai, China selling over 20,000 tickets after three performances. The musical also made its festival debut at the 9th Daegu International Musical Festival; the oldest musical festival and the only one in Asia.

 2017–2019: Departure from MBK Entertainment and return to TV 
On March 6, 2017, MBK Entertainment (formerly known as Core Contents Media) announced that T-ara would be releasing their last album as a six-member group in May, after Boram and Soyeon decided not to renew their contracts, and other members decided to stay with the label until December 31, 2017. On May 7, MBK Entertainment revealed the group's plans had changed and that the group would disband following the release of the album and that the final album had been rescheduled to release in June 2017, with Boram and Soyeon not participating due to the expiry of their contracts. On May 8, it was announced that T-ara's last performance as six-members would be in a Taiwan concert on May 13.In September 2019, Boram was cast in ‘Modern Family’ of MBN along with her mother. She also starred youth drama Shall We That's in 2019.

 2023–present: Japanese debut solo activities 
In August 2023, Boram announced that she'll be active in Japan. On September 22, Boram officially opned her Japan fanclub with the fandom name "BORAM CHA". The same day, she announced that she'll be the host for her own new radio show named "Boram's Annyong Entertainment G!G!G!" on Shibuya Cross FM. The show will reportedly include an "in-depth 50 minutes of Japanese and Korean fashion, gourmet food, cosmetics".In October 2023, Boram announced through her official website that she'll be holding her first talk events “~Gathering at Boram~” in Japan on October 12 and 29. This marks her first event as a solo.

 Discography 

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television series 

 Web series 

 Variety shows 

 Radio shows 

 Music video appearances 

 Musical 

 Advertisements 

 Endorsements 
Prior to her debut as a singer, Boram worked as a magazine model and served as a muse for various cosmetic brands including Luna Cosmetics. She also appeared as a CF model for The National Public Relations Agency (국정홍보처).In 2010, Boram filmed a CF for Cass beer alongside 2PM.

 Fanmeetings and live events 

 Awards and nominations 

 Listicles 

 References 

 External links 

Jeon Boram on Twitter
Jeon Boram at IMDb
Jeon Boram at HanCinema

Kristian Welch
Kristian Welch (born May 24, 1998) is an American football linebacker for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2020 following his college football career at Iowa.

 Professional career 

 Baltimore Ravens 
Welch signed with the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent following the 2020 NFL Draft on May 6, 2020. He was waived during final roster cuts on September 5, 2020, and re-signed to the team's practice squad the next day. He was placed on the practice squad/injured list on September 15, and activated back to the practice squad on October 6, 2020 He was elevated to the active roster on October 17, 2020 and October 31, 2020 for the team's weeks 6 and 8 games against the Philadelphia Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers, and reverted to the practice squad after each game. He was promoted to the active roster on November 7, 2020.The Ravens placed an exclusive-rights free agent tender on Welch on March 10, 2021. He signed the one-year contract on April 18, 2021.On March 9, 2022, the Ravens placed an exclusive-rights free agent tender on Welch.On April 8, 2023, Welch re-signed with the Ravens. He was released on August 29, 2023.

 Green Bay Packers 
Welch was signed to the Green Bay Packers practice squad on August 31, 2023. He was promoted to the active roster on September 28, 2023.

 References 

 External links 
Green Bay Packers bio
Iowa Hawkeyes football bio

Final Fantasy XIV
Final Fantasy XIV is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed and published by Square Enix. Directed and produced by Naoki Yoshida and released worldwide for PlayStation 3 and Windows in August 2013, it replaced the failed 2010 version, with subsequent support for PlayStation 4, OS X, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series X and Series S. Final Fantasy XIV is set in the fantasy region of Eorzea, five years after the devastating Seventh Umbral Calamity which ended the original version. In the Calamity, the elder primal Bahamut escaped from his prison, an ancient space station called Dalamud, unleashing an apocalypse across Eorzea. Through temporal magic, the player character of the original version escaped, reappearing at the start of A Realm Reborn. As Eorzea cements its recovery, the player must fend off a reignited invasion from the Garlean Empire.
The original Final Fantasy XIV was a commercial and critical failure. Then-Square Enix President Yoichi Wada announced that a new team, led by Yoshida, would assume control and address the game's flaws. The new team both continued to develop and improve the original version, and secretly worked on a completely new replacement. This new game, codenamed "Version 2.0", used a new engine, improved server infrastructure, and revamped gameplay, interface, and story. The original version shut down in November 2012, followed by an alpha test for Version 2.0.
The relaunched game released to largely positive reception; critics praised its solid mechanics and progression, and commended Yoshida for an unexpected recovery. After a poor 2013 fiscal year, Square Enix attributed the 2014 return to profitability partly to the game's strong sales and subscriber base. By October 2021, it had gained over 24 million registered players, and become the most profitable Final Fantasy game to date. Final Fantasy XIV has received regular updates since release, including four major expansion packs: Heavensward (2015), Stormblood (2017), Shadowbringers (2019), and Endwalker (2021). A fifth expansion pack, Dawntrail, is to be released in summer 2024.

 Gameplay 
Final Fantasy XIV is an MMORPG, featuring a persistent world where players can interact with each other and the environment. Players create and customize their characters for use in the game, including name, race, gender, facial features, and starting class. Unlike in the original release, players may only choose to be a Disciple of War or Magic as a starting class—Disciples of the Hand and Land are initially unavailable. Players must also select a game server for each character. While all supported languages are available on every server, data centers are located in specific regions (i.e., North America, Europe, Japan, and Oceania) to reduce latency between client and server, and players are advised to choose a server in their region. Regardless of server or language, players can use a large library of automatically translated game terms and general phrases, allowing players who speak different languages to communicate.

 Interface 

PC and home console versions use a unified user interface and control scheme. Any combination of a keyboard, mouse, and game controller may be used; for console players, wireless or USB keyboard and mouse are required for the former. On PC and macOS, the game defaults to drag and drop windows, while on the console versions of XIV, the default interface resembles the PlayStation 3's XrossMediaBar. This bar is used to access all menus, maps, logs, and configuration options. The head-up display for both versions includes a message log, party status menu, mini-map, and action bar. The UI offers extensive customization options.Actions and battle commands differ between PC, macOS and console versions. The PC and macOS versions supports both point and click and keyboard input for commands or macros. Macro commands are customizable sequences of actions that allow players to execute desired abilities at a specific time. The home console versions instead map the action bar and macros to the "Cross Hotbar"—sets of four icons arranged in a cross shape. These are the grouped and accessed through a combination of the shoulder buttons and the directional pad or the face buttons. Using each shoulder button to cycle through the cross sets, players have quick access to commands. This interface is also available to PC and macOS players who use controllers.

 Character progression 
Players improve their characters by gaining experience points (EXP) and acquiring stronger equipment. After gaining enough XP, the character will "level up", improving their statistics, enhancing the character's performance and often learning new actions. Primary sources of experience points in Final Fantasy XIV include completing quests, exploring instanced dungeons, participating in Full Active Time Events (FATEs), and slaying monsters in the world. Quests, including the "main scenario" questline, are generally short, specific tasks given to the player by non-player characters which reward items and EXP. Completing main scenario quests progresses the overarching plot of the game. Some quests are repeatable, either "daily" quests repeatable each day, or "Levequests", which consume "leve allowances" that the player slowly accrues over time. Dungeons often require multiple players to form a party to enter, but the Duty Support system enables the player to play certain dungeons alone, supported by computer-controlled party members. Some dungeons are for lower-leveled players to gain EXP quickly while others are for experienced players to collect rare items, equipment, and currency. The Duty Roulette system randomly assigns the player to an accessible dungeon, and once per day, awards additional bonus EXP scaled to character level on completion. FATEs permit large groups of players, whether or not they are in a party, to participate in a shared task in the world. These location-specific events include battles with notorious monsters, defending locations, escorting non-player characters, culling wildlife, and assaulting enemy fortresses, among other types. Finally, each enemy the player kills provides EXP, with further EXP available from the Hunting Log, for killing a fixed amount of specific creatures. At maximum level, character progression focuses entirely on acquring stronger equipment, raising the character's "item level". This equipment can be gained through a variety of sources including endgame dungeons, crafting, raids, primal battles, and elite mark hunts.In addition to these player versus environment (PvE) challenges, various forms of player versus player (PvP) combat exist in Final Fantasy XIV. The Feast was an arena featuring structured four-versus-four battles where a player could register with up to three teammates to challenge another four-person team. This mode was removed in patch 6.1, when it was replaced with Crystalline Conflict, which consists of two teams of five competing to seize control of and push a crystal which starts at the middle of the arena to each team's goal point. The second type, Frontlines, is a large battleground in which players form teams of up to 24 characters. Teams are delineated by players' allegiance to one of three Grand Companies and the team which reaches the target number of points first wins the match. Multiple modes are available, each with differing locations and rulesets. Within the game, Frontlines is presented as an organized set of military exercises between the three nations with the ulterior goal of jockeying for dominance of regions rich in magical artifacts. The third type, Rival Wings, is a battle arena mode where players manipulate minion waves and pilot mechs to destroy enemy objectives.

 Battles and party system 
Players fight enemies using a combination of physical attacks, weapon skills, and magical attacks; these battles form the basis of party play in Final Fantasy XIV. Most battle content in the game requires parties of a specific size, including four players for dungeons and eight players for boss battles. The "Duty Finder" is an automated matching feature that sorts players into parties for selected content across different servers. The "Party Finder" is a bulletin board where players may recruit players from any server on their data center for any kind of content including dungeons, raid battles, FATE parties, and more. Members of a party fill traditional MMORPG roles like tank, healer, and damage dealer. Tanks draw the enemy's attention away from other party members who generally have weaker defense, healers use restorative abilities and support the party with damage and enhancing abilities, and damage dealers focus on attacking the enemy. Teamwork and strategy are required to defeat the strongest enemies. "Limit Breaks" are special abilities that can only be performed if members of the party excel at their roles.Free Companies are player-run guilds, organized bands of adventurers under the auspices of one of the three Grand Companies of Eorzea. Free Company members may gain access to a shared company chest, a private chat channel, and Company Actions which are 24-hour buffs to certain aspects of gameplay, such as increased EXP gain or reduced gear damage. Free Company members may also pool their resources to purchase a house in one of the residential districts. In addition to decorating the house, players may use the grounds to grow unique items through the gardening system, train their chocobo companion, embark on airship expeditions, and purchase a private room for personal use. Linkshells are another form of in-game networking; whereas players may only belong in one Free Company, they may join multiple linkshells which act as private chat channels for interested sub-groups.

 Armoury and job system 
Under the Armoury System, a character's equipped weapon determines the character class and players may change their class at will by changing weapons. Classes are divided into four disciplines: Disciples of War, masters of physical combat; Disciples of Magic, practitioners of the magical arts; Disciples of the Hand, crafters and handymen who synthesize and repair items; and Disciples of the Land, gatherers who collect resources from the environment. The Job System builds upon the Armoury System for Disciples of War and Magic. It allows access to powerful skills, magic, weapons, and armor exclusive to the job corresponding to that class. These jobs, many based on classic Final Fantasy character jobs, are more suited to party-based combat.

 Game economy 
The virtual economy of Final Fantasy XIV is largely player-driven. The exchange of items is facilitated by retainers—non-playable characters who assist in selling items on the Market Board, gather items through ventures, and provide additional item storage. A small transaction fee for all sales serves as a gold sink to regulate the inflation of prices in the economy. Players of any class may contribute to the supply of the economy: Disciples of the Land acquire raw materials from gathering points throughout the game world; Disciples of the Hand craft the materials into useful items and equipment; and Disciples of War and Magic are able to procure rare materials through completion of dungeons and Treasure Maps. Players are also able to contribute by extracting "materia" from well-used equipment, which can then be used to improve the statistics of other equipment.The mechanics of crafting and gathering have changed between the original release and A Realm Reborn. Most of these changes are geared toward reducing the randomness and guesswork involved in these processes. For Disciples of the Hand, all recipes of the appropriate level are unlocked by default in the Crafting Log. Crafting abilities have been rebalanced to allow successful high-quality synthesis without requiring multiple mastered Disciplines of the Hand. For Disciples of the Land, players are allowed to select which item they would like to attempt to collect at a gathering point, whereas before, the results of gathering attempts were randomized. The Gathering Log also displays the names and locations of items that can be gathered in the world.

 Plot 

 Setting 

Final Fantasy XIV is set on Hydaelyn, a fictional world of diverse environments across multiple continents, focused on the region of Eorzea. Eorzea features four prominent city-states: Gridania, in the heavily-forested Black Shroud; Ul'dah, a trade-centric sultanate in arid Thanalan; Limsa Lominsa, a thalassocracy on the island of Vylbrand; and Ishgard, an isolationist theocracy in snowy, mountainous Coerthas. A land bridge links Eorzea to two other continents to the east, which have largely been conquered by the Garlean Empire. Other societies include indigenous tribes, such as Sylphs and Kobolds; Sharlayan, a scholarly city; and Ala Mhigo in eastern Eorzea, annexed twenty years prior by the Garlean Empire. Facing Garlean invasion, Ishgard withdrew from the Eorzean Alliance, leaving it defunct. The once-vibrant Mor Dhona region was devastated during the previous Garlean campaign.Eorzean history is divided into prosperous "Astral" eras, and disastrous "Umbral" eras caused by great Calamities. The First Umbral Era marked the end of the age of gods. The Twelve, guardian deities of Eorzea, retreated from direct mortal contact. As society recovers from Umbral eras, new Astral eras begin. Under the hegemonic Allagan Empire of the Third Astral era, technological development reached its zenith, including aerospace construction. As each Calamity was linked to one of the six fundamental elements—air, lightning, fire, earth, ice, and water—the Sixth Astral Era was expected to last forever, but five years ago, the Garlean Empire triggered the Seventh Umbral Calamity.Garlean scientists working on Project Meteor weaponized the lesser moon Dalamud. Under Legatus Nael van Darnus, they would annihilate Eorzea by crashing the moon, exterminating all opposition. The Alliance reunited in response, reviving their Grand Company militaries. Adventurers defeated van Darnus but could not stop Dalamud's descent. At the Battle of Carteneau Flats in Mor Dhona, Dalamud revealed itself as an ancient Allagan prison for the primal dragon Bahamut; his escape triggered the Seventh Umbral Calamity. Louisoix Leveilleur called upon the Twelve to imprison Bahamut, but failed; before he sacrificed himself to defeat Bahamut, he sent the adventurers "beyond the reach of time" for when they were needed again. Meanwhile, the Empire became paralyzed by a succession crisis as the elderly Emperor Solus fell ill.

 Characters 
The player character is an Eorzean adventurer during the Seventh Umbral Era who joins one of the Grand Companies: Gridania's Order of the Twin Adder, under Elder Seedseer Kan-E-Senna; Ul'dah's Immortal Flames, under Flame General Raubahn Aldynn; and the Maelstrom of Limsa Lominsa under Admiral Merlwyb Bloefhiswyn. Their allies include Minfilia and her Scions of the Seventh Dawn, a rebuilt Sixth Astral Era organization uniting Louisoix's Circle of Knowing and Minfilia's Path of the Twelve. Members include Thancred, Yda, Papalymo, Urianger, and Y'shtola. Y'shtola often represents Final Fantasy XIV in crossovers like Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call and Dissidia Final Fantasy NT. Louisoix's twin grandchildren, Alphinaud and Alisaie, follow his example to aid Eorzea. Finally, Cid Garlond heads Garlond Ironworks, a technology company providing airships, weapons, and infrastructure to the Alliance.Garlean antagonists include Legatus Gaius van Baelsar of the XIVth Imperial Legion and his lieutenants, Livia sas Junius, Rhitahtyn sas Arvina, and Nero tol Scaeva. The tribes also threaten the uneasy peace by summoning primals, aetherial deities which drain the land's life-sustaining energy. Both are manipulated by the Ascians, hooded immortals hellbent on awakening their dark god Zodiark, imperiling all of Hydaelyn.

 Story 
The game opens with a vision of the player character defeating a masked, black-robed man. The adventurer awakens shortly before arriving at the starting city, Gridania, Ul'dah, or Limsa Lominsa. Returning players from the original version appear in a column of light. Through odd jobs and tenacity, the player joins the city's Adventurer's Guild, and is favorably compared to the "Warriors of Light" who vanished in the Seventh Umbral Calamity. The adventurer thwarts attacks by mysterious masked men and earns the attention of the Scions. Minfilia reveals the player's visions are the Echo, a power marking chosen representatives of Hydaelyn, the deity for whom the world is named.
Freshly inducted, the adventurer and Thancred investigate abductions and crystal thefts in Thanalan by the Amalj'aa tribe, who capture the player for their primal, Ifrit, to enthrall, but the Echo blocks Ifrit's "tempering". Instead, the adventurer defeats the primal, and is hailed a hero, courted by all three Grand Companies. During memorial services for the Battle of Carteneau, the player meets Alphinaud and Alisaie, who part over disagreement about such nationalist displays' purpose. The Scions send the adventurer to the Black Shroud to forge ties with the Sylphs, a peaceful tribe whose radical faction has summoned Ramuh against the Garleans. While rescuing the Sylph elder, the adventurer encounters another masked man, Lahabrea, a leader of the mysterious Ascians.
Minfilia sends the player to thwart Kobold efforts to summon Titan. The Scions seek advice from retired primal-fighting Company of Heroes. After a series of trials disguised as banquet preparations, the Company's leader reveals the way. The adventurer defeats Titan, learning that Lahabrea is aiding Gaius van Baelsar who has renewed his designs on Eorzea. The adventurer returns to the Scions' headquarters to find slaughter: Minfilia and others were captured by Garleans, and the remaining Scions slain. After funeral rites for the fallen, Alphinaud returns to recruit the adventurer, aiming to rebuild the Scions and defeat the freshly-summoned Ixali primal, Garuda. To confront Garuda in her own domain, they must awaken the memories of an amnesiac Cid Garlond.
Cid, Alphinaud, and the adventurer travel to Coerthas, territory of reclusive Ishgard, seeking Cid's lost airship, the Enterprise. After befriending Isghardian commander Haurchefant Greystone and foiling a heretic plot, they recover the Enterprise from a fortress overrun by dragons. Cid, aided by the adventurer's Echo, regains his memories as a Garlean engineer, Eorzean defector, and genius inventor. The adventurer acquires a rare crystal to cut through Garuda's vortex, and the two fight until Garuda torments Kobold and Amalj'aa prisoners of war into resummoning Titan and Ifrit. However, Gaius and Lahabrea intercede with the Ultima Weapon, an ancient Allagan warmachine, which consumes all three primals to increase its power. At Lahabrea's urging, Gaius plans to conquer Eorzea using the Weapon, but the Ascian intends to trigger a Calamity with it.After recovering additional members, the Scions rescue Minfilia and the others, learning that Lahabrea has possessed Thancred. Intruding on an Alliance leadership meeting, Alphinaud and Minfilia persuade them to choose resistance instead of surrender. The Scions join the Alliance in a massive counteroffensive, Operation Archon. The adventurer assaults Gaius' stronghold, the Praetorium, where Gaius pilots the Ultima Weapon in battle. Shielded by Hydaelyn's Blessing of Light, the adventurer destroys the Ultima Weapon, leaving Gaius behind in the explosion. Lahabrea defeats the adventurer himself, revealing the Calamities are part of a process to resurrect the Ascians' god, Zodiark. Hydaelyn revives the adventurer and they purge Lahabrea from Thancred's body, as in the prologue vision. With the threat of Garlean invasion lifted, the Grand Company leaders declare the beginning of the Seventh Astral Era. The player's character is hailed as a hero of the same caliber as the Warriors of Light.

 Seventh Astral Era 
Facing increasing scrutiny and pressure to align with one of the three allied city-states, the Scions relocate to Revenant's Toll, an adventuring hub in neutral Mor Dhona. Word quickly arrives that renegade moogles, aided by Ascians, have summoned a primal, Good King Moggle Mog XII. After besting him, the Warrior encounters the enigmatic Ascian Emissary, Elidibus, who tests the player's might before disappearing. Soon, refugees arrive from Doma, a nation subjugated by the Garlean Empire, bringing word of Emperor Solus' death. The Doman refugees seek asylum in Ul'dah but are refused. Alphinaud recommends work as tradesmen to reconstruct Revenant's Toll. In gratitude, the Doman leader, Yugiri, accompanies the party to reconnoiter the spawning grounds of the Sahagin, who summon Leviathan. Taking the Lominsan warship The Whorleater, the adventurer slays Leviathan.
Alphinaud investigates riots among Ala Mhigan refugees in Ul'dah, finding manipulation by Teledji Adeledji, an influential member of Ul'dah's ruling Syndicate. Raubahn suspects Adeledji hopes to monopolize artifacts discovered at Carteneau, including remnants of Omega, an ancient Allagan superweapon. In the Black Shroud, the Sylphs summon Ramuh, who judges the Warrior of Light as a worthy savior upon his defeat, departing amicably. Meanwhile, Alphinaud incorporates the Crystal Braves as an Eorzea-wide Grand Company. Their first task is to investigate the "Ivy", a Garlean spy embedded in the Immortal Flames. Haurchefant and Ser Aymeric of the Temple Knights of Ishgard reach out, unprecedentedly, to the Scions and Braves, seeking aid with the Keeper of the Lake—the wreckage of Garlean airship Agrius, intertwined with the corpse of Midgardsormr, the draconic progenitor who repelled a massive Garlean advance fifteen years previous. In exchange, Haurchefant agrees to safeguard supply shipments to Revenant's Toll, which had been harried by the followers of Lady Iceheart, an Ishgardian heretic.
The Garlean civil war ends with Varis zos Galvus assuming the throne, lending new urgency to the search for the Ivy. The Braves discover she is Raubahn's trusted advisor Eline Roaille, capturing her at the gates of a Garlean Castrum. Yda's friend Moenbryda arrives from Sharlayan and provides critical advice for locating Iceheart. Using her body as a vessel, Iceheart summons Shiva into herself and challenges the Warrior of Light. Though the adventurer's band defeats Shiva, Iceheart implies having a connection with Hydaelyn, bidding the meddler to consult with Midgardsormr before escaping. From the Warrior's encounters with Lahabrea and Shiva, Moenbryda hypothesizes that a "blade" of pure aether can permanently destroy an Ascian while its essence is trapped within white auracite. Lucia of the Temple Knights requests the Warrior of Light investigate the Keeper of the Lake. They discover Midgardsormr still lives, slowly regenerating from his apparent death. He divulges that Nidhogg, one of his seven children, has rallied the Dravanian horde to renew their attack on Ishgard. Midgardsormr seals away Hydaelyn's blessing as a test of the adventurer's worth. The Ascian Nabriales takes advantage of the opportunity to infiltrate the Scions' headquarters, seeking Louisoix's staff, Tupsimati, a powerful relic. Moenbryda sacrifices herself to create the blade of aether necessary to vanquish the Ascian.
As the Scions mourn their fallen comrade, Aymeric parleys for aid in Ishgard's defense against Nidhogg's forces. Minfilia and Alphinaud reluctantly pledge the Scions' support, though all Alliance members decline. The adventurer and the Scions repel Nidhogg's forces at Ishgard's main bridge. A victory celebration is held at Ul'dah, hoping to return Ishgard to the Alliance. Ul'dah's sultana Nanamo Ul Namo privately tells the Warrior that she plans to dissolve the monarchy and make Ul'dah a democratic republic. However, Nanamo succumbs to poisoned wine and collapses; Adeledji accuses the adventurer of regicide. When he denounces Raubahn for his negligence, the enraged Raubahn kills him. Lolorito, another Syndicate member, takes this as proof of Raubahn's guilt and has him also arrested. Many Crystal Braves turn coat to Lolorito and pursue the Scions, most of whom stay behind to cover the escape. Only the Warrior and a humbled Alphinaud escape, aided by Raubahn's adopted son Pipin Tarupin. Cid takes them to Coerthas, where Haurchefant grants them asylum.

 Development 

The original release of Final Fantasy XIV began development under the codename Rapture between late 2004 and early 2005, and was officially announced in 2009. This version was directed by Nobuaki Komoto and produced by Hiromichi Tanaka, who was also serving as the producer of Final Fantasy XI, and employed the Crystal Tools engine, which had previously been used for Final Fantasy XIII. Following a bug-laden, abbreviated beta test period, the game was released in September 2010 to near-universal negative reception. After two extensions to the initial free trial period, then-Square Enix President Yoichi Wada issued a formal apology to players and fans in December, and announced a dramatic overhaul in the development team, most prominently the removal of Tanaka from the project and the demotion of Komoto from Director to Lead Designer. Monthly fees for the game were suspended until further notice and the previously planned PlayStation 3 version was canceled. After the change in development team, Naoki Yoshida, who had worked as planning chief of Dragon Quest X, was brought in to supervise the project as both producer and director.In attempting to improve Final Fantasy XIV, Yoshida quickly discovered a number of key tasks. First and foremost, he had to restore trust in the player base while bringing the game up to a playable quality. To address this, Yoshida began writing "Letters from the Producer" which would discuss design direction, upcoming changes, player feedback, and increase transparency in the development process. However, outdated and cumbersome programming choices in the source code prevented the more radical modifications necessary to enhance the game. Thus, planning for a brand new game built from scratch started in January 2011 and development began in earnest by April, with work on a new game engine and server structure. Meanwhile, the team's efforts to improve the original release first came to fruition with patch 1.18 in July, which included major changes to the battle system, implementation of auto-attack and instanced dungeons, removal of the controversial "fatigue" system, and the introduction of the Grand Company storyline which would supersede the original main scenario questline. Subsequent patches would further refine the gameplay as well as set the stage for the Seventh Umbral Era events.On the anniversary of the game's release, Wada claimed that the initial launch of Final Fantasy XIV had "greatly damaged" the Final Fantasy brand. Thus, Wada and Yoshida announced the brand new version of Final Fantasy XIV in October, code-named "Version 2.0", which had been in development since January, along with a tentative roadmap for future progress for both PC and PlayStation 3. Current players would be provided copies of the new PC client at launch, free of charge, and their character data and progress would be transferred as well. Along with the roadmap, they announced that monthly fees would be instated in order to offset the cost of redevelopment. Billing for the game began in January 2012. To encourage users to continue playing while paying subscription fees, Yoshida revealed the "Legacy Campaign" which rewarded players who paid for at least three months of service with permanently reduced monthly payments, an exclusive in-game chocobo mount, and their names featured in the credits of Version 2.0.At Electronic Entertainment Expo 2012, Square Enix debuted "Agni's Philosophy", a tech demo for their new Luminous Studio game engine. Though members of the Final Fantasy XIV development team worked on Luminous, Yoshida admitted that both Luminous and Crystal Tools were optimized for offline games and could not handle an online environment with hundreds of on-screen character models. Though Version 2.0 uses a "completely different engine", he called the Luminous engine and the 2.0 engine "siblings" due to similarities in their structure. That July, Square Enix revealed that Version 2.0's official title would be Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn. As development for A Realm Reborn ramped up, Yoshida made the decision to shut down the servers for the original release on November 11. This date served as the "grand finale" for the old game, culminating in a cinematic trailer for A Realm Reborn called "End of an Era".In a project postmortem at Game Developers Conference 2014, Yoshida reflected on the herculean task of maintaining and updating an MMORPG while simultaneously developing a new one over the course of just two years and eight months. He identified three main reasons why the original launch failed: an over-emphasis on graphical quality, a lack of modern MMORPG expertise in the development team, and a mentality that all problems could be fixed in future patches. These evolved from the team's prior experience on Final Fantasy XI, the previous MMORPG in the Final Fantasy series. As the series has been renowned for its state-of-the-art graphics, the original development team gained an unhealthy obsession with maximizing graphical quality at the expense of server performance, which was unsustainable for an online game with tens of thousands of high definition assets. In designing Final Fantasy XI, the team spent a year playing EverQuest, the most successful MMORPG of the early 2000s. However, they lacked experience with modern games in the genre; the original Final Fantasy XIV team was instructed merely to make something "different from Final Fantasy XI". Yoshida admonished that the team should "go play World of Warcraft for a year [for inspiration]" instead.A prevailing design philosophy for A Realm Reborn was to simultaneously appeal to hardcore MMORPG players while reaching out to new players and Final Fantasy fans who had never experienced the genre before. As a consequence, Yoshida held optimizing gameplay for controllers as a top priority. To streamline development, he made about 400 fundamental design decisions which eliminated time lost to getting approvals, with a focus on implementing standard features of the genre first. The new workflow pipeline was tested using updates to the original game and applied to development of A Realm Reborn. The continuing operations of the original release provided a valuable testing ground for new features that would be carried into the relaunch. Another focus was to appeal to busy players without a lot of free time, which led to creating the Duty Finder system. The base game and patch cycle were also designed to make it easy for lapsed players to return to. Throughout this process, Yoshida emphasized that communication with players and restoring their trust was key, even admitting that sales were secondary compared to redeeming the reputation of the series. Live streaming conversations between the development team and fans, such as the Letters from the Producer LIVE events, became a major element of Yoshida's player outreach strategy.

 Testing and release 
The alpha test for A Realm Reborn began shortly after the original release's finale and ended in late December 2012. During this period, Wada admitted that the development of A Realm Reborn was a cause of delay for many Square Enix titles at the time. Yoshida published an updated roadmap for the beta test through launch, indicating four phases of beta beginning in mid-February 2013. He claimed that the team is "adamant the game not be released until it is ready" and that launching too early "would be like at the level of destroying the company". In May 2013, Square Enix announced the release date for the game, along with details about pre-order bonuses and the collector's edition, which includes an art book, a bonus disc with a recap of the original release story, a soundtrack sampler, and several cosmetic in-game items. In June, the company revealed a PlayStation 4 version was in development and due for release in 2014. Early access began on August 24, with players able to play continuously through to the August 27 launch. Players throughout this period noted continued server issues. Due to an "overwhelmingly positive response", the servers could not handle the number of concurrent players, prompting Square Enix to temporarily suspend digital sales of the game. In light of these issues, Yoshida issued an apology to fans for the game's "rocky" launch and reassured them that fixes were in progress and new servers would be created. A week after launch, the game received a ten-hour maintenance and fresh patches, and all players were compensated with a week of free play time.A Steam version of the client was released on February 14, 2014. A beta for the PlayStation 4 version of Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn debuted on the same day as the Japanese release of the console, February 22 the same year. Owners of the PlayStation 3 client were able upgrade to the digital PlayStation 4 client for free. A free trial of the game first became available for PC on July 31, with PlayStation 3 and 4 versions following in December. It initially limited prospective players to content under level 35 but this was expanded to level 60 in August 2020, allowing free access to all of A Realm Reborn and Heavensward with no time restrictions. The Chinese version, published and administrated by Shanda Games, premiered on August 29, featuring content through patch 2.16. It features separate servers from the other language versions of the game and a pay-per-hour micropayment billing system. The Korean version, distributed by Actoz Soft, launched in South Korea on August 14, 2015, with content from patch 2.2. This version carries a flexible subscription model with increments as low as 5 hours, similar to the Chinese release, up to 90 days, much like the traditional monthly payment plan. With the release of later patches, versions and expansion packs, the "A Realm Reborn" subtitle has been dropped, with the remade game being referred to simply as Final Fantasy XIV. Fans now refer to the story arc encompassing up to the last patch as "2.0" or "A Realm Reborn", to differentiate it from the later expansions.
Coinciding with the launch of the first expansion pack, the macOS client was released on June 23, 2015. The port was handled by TransGaming. On July 3, Square Enix suspended sales of the macOS version because of widespread reports of poor technical performance and offered refunds to those who purchased it. Yoshida observed that the performance issues could be attributed to difficulties in transposing the game from Microsoft's proprietary DirectX graphical rendering libraries to OpenGL as well as a clerical error resulting in publishing the wrong minimum system requirements, both compounded by the hectic work schedule demanded by the release of an expansion pack. After new rounds of testing and optimization, sales of the macOS version resumed on February 23, 2016. In November 2019, Phil Spencer told the press that Microsoft was working with Square Enix to bring the game to Xbox One. No official announcement was made however, with director Naoki Yoshida stating in an October 2021 interview that discussions are "positive", but still ongoing, and that the team is waiting for the right time to provide an update. Around the same time, Yoshida also confirmed to GameSpot that talks with Nintendo were ongoing, in order to also bring the game to Nintendo Switch, remarking that the addition of Xbox and Switch as supported platforms for the game would increase its overall footprint despite its already active userbase, and that "so as long as the regulations with the counterpart hardware companies ... we can actually pass that, then the possibility, the chance is quite high [of Final Fantasy XIV coming to Xbox and Nintendo systems]". A port of the game for Xbox Series X/S was jointly announced by Yoshida and Spencer in July 2023 during that year's North American Fan Festival in Las Vegas alongside the unveiling of the Final Fantasy XIV: Dawntrail expansion. The Xbox version will support faster load times, cross-play and cross-progression with the PlayStation and PC versions, while the Series X version will be presented at native 4K resolution. An open beta for the Xbox version will take place as part of patch 6.5x. The Xbox Series X/S version of the game will officially launch in spring 2024.

 Patches and expansions 
The development team schedules the release of a major update approximately every three months. Each of these free content patches includes a continuation of the main scenario as well as new raids, features, trials, and dungeons. Minor patches that come in between major updates focus on quality of life changes, and are sometimes used to introduce completely new side content. In addition to regular free updates, the game features full expansion packs that add new zones, races, jobs, and premiere a new content cycle. Since the release of these expansions, the original subtitle of A Realm Reborn has come to refer to the portion of the game available at launch, rather than the entirety of Final Fantasy XIV. Patch 5.3 of the Shadowbringers expansion also modifies and streamlines the A Realm Reborn main scenario questline, and patches 6.1 and 6.2 of the Endwalker expansion included further changes to the A Realm Reborn and Heavensward questlines. With patch 6.5x in spring 2024, Final Fantasy XIV is set to launch in beta for Xbox Series X and S, with a full launch ready for the upcoming Dawntrail expansion in summer 2024.

 Music 

Masayoshi Soken contributed to the majority of the game's version of traditional Final Fantasy music, as well as themes original to the game. The enormous track list includes remixed versions of songs such as the Final Fantasy theme, originally composed by long time Final Fantasy composer Nobuo Uematsu, as well as remixes of day and night themes original to Final Fantasy XIV. For the reboot A Realm Reborn, Soken was tasked with composing and compiling numerous original and remixed songs, in addition to his duties as sound director. The remaining tracks were reused pieces from the original game's soundtrack which was principally composed by Nobuo Uematsu, with assistance from Soken, Tsuyoshi Sekito, and Naoshi Mizuta. Yoshida directed Soken to "give us something straightforward that anyone could identify as Final Fantasy, with an easy-to-understand, expressive orchestral sound". Because of the abbreviated development schedule, Soken focused primarily on creating the soundtrack while his team worked on the various sound effects for the game world. The team was given less than a year on sound production, though according to Soken, it felt like "enough work for two full games in that time". Most of the tracks had specific guidelines or came from the development team's requests, though Soken was allowed to "do what [he liked]" for Titan's battle theme, although the initial lyrics had to be changed for having too much profanity. Soken sang the vocal work for some tracks, such as the battle theme for Leviathan. Soken also arranged pieces from earlier Final Fantasy games for use in special in-game events. In Final Fantasy, its music acts as a carrier of nostalgic emotions, allowing the music to bring its nostalgic emotional carrier into new relationships and environments and create a deeper connection with the game.Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn Original Soundtrack is a collection of music from the game including both the launch and tracks from Patch 2.1, "A Realm Awoken". It was released on March 21, 2014, on Blu-ray Disc and features 119 tracks with accompanying gameplay videos. The first print run came with a special "Wind-up Bahamut" in-game pet. Emily McMillan of Video Game Music Online called the soundtrack a "truly fantastic score", and said that it was superior to the music of the original version of the game. She felt that it was an excellent merging of the traditional Final Fantasy musical style with a modern orchestral score. Mike Salbato of RPGFan also praised the album, saying that it was his favorite album of 2014 and that he "can't recommend A Realm Reborn's soundtrack highly enough". Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn Original Soundtrack debuted at position #10 on the Japanese Oricon album charts for its release week and remained in the charts for eight weeks.In addition to album feedback, critics of the game praised the score in their reviews. Kotaku's Mike Fahey stated that the music was "wonderful, complex and satisfying". He often paused to remove the ambient and interface sound effects so as to hear it better. GamesRadar's Adam Harshberger called it "a standout even amongst Final Fantasy's storied heritage" and Digital Spy's Mark Langshaw called it "a sonic feast ... that pays appropriate homage to the long-running RPG series". The soundtrack won Video Game Music Online's 2013 Annual Game Music Awards in the Eastern category. In 2017, Guinness World Records awarded Final Fantasy XIV for having the most original pieces of music in a video game at nearly 400.

 Reception 

In contrast to the original version, Final Fantasy XIV has earned a generally positive reception and robust sales numbers. Prior to release, both the game's press and fans were surprised by its quality and level of polish. IGN's Charles Onyett cited many specific improvements over aspects of the initial game and recognized that "it seems like Square's doing the right things to fix the many mistakes made with Final Fantasy XIV's original design". Following an impressive showing at Gamescom 2012, it won Destructoid's Gamescom Community Choice Award. The editorial staff observed "the considerable changes made to the engine, HUD and combat system, transforming it into a far cry from the game that disappointed so many". However, GameSpot's Jonathan Toyad was less confident about the game, praising the changes but commenting that many features would seem overly familiar to players of modern MMORPGs.The overwhelming sentiment expressed by multiple reviewers was that the remade game executed admirably on traditional MMORPG features and succeeded at addressing the failures of the original version. For Kevin VanOrd of GameSpot, this steadfast implementation of genre fundamentals was his greatest criticism—that "it does not leap over the shoulders of the games that have come before". However, he was quick to praise the quality of the game's writing, a feature highlighted by a number of other critics. USgamer's Pete Davison was particularly enamored with the story and commended the responsiveness of non-player characters to the player's actions as an effective method of worldbuilding. Many reviewers enjoyed the ability to play as multiple classes on a single character, a feature retained from the original release. Davison remarked that the differing mechanics of each class made them feel unique in their gameplay styles.The console versions of the game were noted for their robust feature set which put them on the same level as the PC release. Phil Kollar of Polygon lauded its implementation of controller play, calling it "Final Fantasy XIV's single biggest gift to the [MMORPG] genre". While the PlayStation 3 version suffered from minor framerate and loading time issues as well as reduced graphical fidelity, reviewers observed that all of these problems were eliminated in the PlayStation 4 version, creating parity with the PC release. Kollar and Leif Johnson of IGN also found that the game played admirably on PlayStation Vita via Remote Play with only minor lag.Overall, critics were satisfied with A Realm Reborn's incremental improvements. Adam Harshberger of GamesRadar compared it to a "buffet dinner [with] everyone's favorite meal", forgiving the lack of innovation. VanOrd likened the game to the "old world" of MMORPGs, safe and familiar. Johnson and Davison both saw the new version as a solid foundation for future content to be added in patches and expansions. For Kollar, it was a return to form, "the first Final Fantasy game in years to capture the energy and joy that made me fall in love with the series". Motoki Shinohara of Famitsu concluded that "I'm really glad that I'm back home in Eorzea".Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn rated well among many "Game of the Year" lists in the enthusiast press. It was named Best MMO of the year by Game Informer, ZAM, and Joystiq's Massively. AbleGamers honored it as the most accessible mainstream game of the year for 2013. RPGFan named it not only the best MMO of 2013, but also Game of the Year. Players awarded the game Reader's Choice at both ZAM and Game Informer. At industry award shows, A Realm Reborn earned the Special Award at the 2013 PlayStation Awards and the Award for Excellence at the CESA's 2014 Japan Game Awards.Stormblood won the award for "Best MMO" at Game Informer's Best of 2017 Awards, while it came in second place for the same category in their Reader's Choice Best of 2017 awards. The game was also nominated for the "Still Playing" award at the 2017 and 2018 Golden Joystick Awards, and for "Best Expansion" at PC Gamer's 2017 Game of the Year Awards. The game itself was also nominated for "Best Ongoing Game" at the 2019 Game Critics Awards, and for the same category along with "Best Community Support" and "Best RPG" at The Game Awards 2019.Shadowbringers was nominated for "Best Game Expansion" and "PlayStation Game of the Year" at the 2019 Golden Joystick Awards; for "Role-Playing Game of the Year" at the 23rd Annual D.I.C.E. Awards; and for "Evolving Game" at the 16th British Academy Games Awards, and won the award for "Excellence in Multiplayer" at the 2020 SXSW Gaming Awards, as well as the award for "Best Online Game" at the Famitsu Game Awards 2019. It won the Evolving Game at the 19th British Academy Games Awards.Endwalker was nominated for "Online Game of the Year" and won for "Role-Playing Game of the Year" at the 25th Annual D.I.C.E. Awards and won "Online Game of the Year" at the 26th Annual D.I.C.E. Awards. It also won "Excellence in Narrative", "Excellence in Original Score" and "Video Game of the Year" at the 2022 SXSW Gaming Awards.

 Sales and subscriptions 
By the end of the first week of release, the PlayStation 3 version of the game placed second in Japan's sales charts, with 184,000 physical copies sold. In late October 2013, the game had one and a half million registrations. It was the 16th best selling PC game of 2013 in the United States. In Japan, the PlayStation 3 version was ranked 32 in sales, with 244,574 retail copies sold. Following an extremely poor fiscal year 2013, Square Enix executives commended the game's sales and subscriptions for their role in returning the company to profitability in 2014. Yoshida has repeatedly emphasized that the robust success of A Realm Reborn was due to its traditional monthly subscription model. He sees the free-to-play model as an unreliable source of income predicated on devoting a lot of development resources to monthly consumable or cosmetic items in order to maintain profitability, leaving little time for higher quality story and battle content. He also disclosed that over 80% of players are satisfied with the subscription model and theorized that this is due to players' confidence in a steady stream of quality content because of their subscription. With the traditional model, the player base grows over time as people see the game expand, unlike a free-to-play game which can boast a huge initial player base which changes dramatically in size and revenue from month to month. Yoshida has no plans to change to a free-to-play model in the near future. The game had over 14 million registered players by August 2018, which had increased to more than 22 million by April 2021. In the leadup to the release of the fourth expansion Endwalker, Square Enix revealed that registered player numbers had reached over 24 million and that Final Fantasy XIV itself was now the most profitable Final Fantasy series game to date.In Japan, Shadowbringers sold approximately 22,260 physical copies for the PS4 during its launch week in July 2019.

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 
Yoshida, Naoki (2016). Yoshida Uncensored (in Japanese). Vol. 1. Chiyoda: Kadokawa Game Linkage. ISBN 978-4-04-733154-9.
Yoshida, Naoki (2018). Yoshida Uncensored (in Japanese). Vol. 2. Chiyoda: Kadokawa Game Linkage. ISBN 978-4-04-733312-3.
Studio BentStuff (2019). Final Fantasy Ultimania Archive. Vol. 3. Milwaukie: Dark Horse Comics. ISBN 978-15-0670-801-0.
Yoshida, Naoki (2019). Yoshida Uncensored (in Japanese). Vol. 3. Chiyoda: Kadokawa Game Linkage. ISBN 978-4-04-733154-9.
Oda, Banri; Fox, Michael-Christopher; Ishikawa, Natsuko (2022). Ooya, Kazuhiro; Hatakeyama, Tomoko; Kurosaki, Masaki; Tada, Takuji (eds.). Encyclopaedia Eorzea ~The World of Final Fantasy XIV. Vol. 1. El Segundo: Square Enix. ISBN 978-16-46-09142-3.
Oda, Banri; Fox, Michael-Christopher; Ishikawa, Natsuko (2022). Ooya, Kazuhiro; Hatakeyama, Tomoko; Kurosaki, Masaki; Tada, Takuji (eds.). Encyclopaedia Eorzea ~The World of Final Fantasy XIV. Vol. 2. the Final Fantasy XIV Scenario team. El Segundo: Square Enix. ISBN 978-16-4609-143-0.

 External links 

Official website

List of things named after Alan Turing
Alan Turing (1912–1954), a pioneer computer scientist, mathematician and philosopher, is the eponym of all of the things listed below.

Alan Turing Building, Manchester, England
Turing School/house, Varndean School Brighton, England
The Turing School, Eastbourne, England
Alan Turing Centenary Conference, Manchester, England
Alan Turing Institute, London, England
Alan Turing law
Alan Turing Memorial, Manchester, England
Alan Turing Computer Lab, Ghent, Belgium
Alan Turing sculpture, Eugene, Oregon, United States
Statue of Alan Turing, Bletchley Park, England
Alan Turing: The Enigma
Alan Turing Year
The Annotated Turing
Church–Turing thesis
Church–Turing–Deutsch principle
Good–Turing frequency estimation
Object-Oriented Turing (programming language)
Super-Turing computation
Turing-acceptable language
Turing Award
Turing (cipher)
Turing College, Kent, England
Turing completeness
Turing computability
Turing degree
Turing Foundation, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Turing Gateway to Mathematics, Cambridge, England
The Turing Guide
Turing House School
Turing Institute, Glasgow, Scotland
Turing jump
Turing Lecture
Turing machine
Alternating Turing machine
Multi-track Turing machine
Multitape Turing machine
Neural Turing machine
Non-deterministic Turing machine
Post–Turing machine
Probabilistic Turing machine
Quantum Turing machine
Read-only right moving Turing machines
Read-only Turing machine
Symmetric Turing machine
Unambiguous Turing machine
Universal Turing machine
Wolfram's 2-state 3-symbol Turing machine
Turing Machine (band)
Turing (microarchitecture)
Turing OS
Turing pattern
Turing Pharmaceuticals
Turing (programming language)
Turing reduction
Turing Robot, China
Turing scheme
Turing Street - A road in East London
Turing switch
Turing table
Turing tarpit
Turing test
Computer game bot Turing Test
Graphics Turing Test
Reverse Turing test
Subject matter expert Turing test
Visual Turing Test
The Turing Test (novel)
The Turing Test (video game)
The Turing Trust
Turing from 2064: Read Only Memories (video game)
Turing's method
Turing's proof
Turing's Wager
Turing+ (programming language)
Turing.jl (probabilistic programming)
Turingery
Turingismus
Turmite
Turochamp

 See also 
Bank of England £50 note (in 2021)
Turing baronetcy
Turing (disambiguation)

 References 

Golden Globe Award for Best Director
The Golden Globe Award for Best Director – Motion Picture is a Golden Globe Award that has been presented annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, an organization composed of journalists who cover the United States film industry for publications based outside North America, since 1943.
Having won all four of his nominations, Elia Kazan has been honored most often in this category. Clint Eastwood, Miloš Forman, David Lean, Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, and Oliver Stone tie for second place with three wins each. Steven Spielberg has had the most nominations (fourteen). Barbra Streisand, Chloé Zhao and Jane Campion are the only women to have won the award.
Receiving the award in 1984 for Yentl, Barbra Streisand became the first woman to win the Golden Globe for Best Director.She remained the only woman to win a Golden Globe for directing for 37 years until Chloé Zhao won the award for Nomadland in 2021 and became the second woman and the first Asian woman to do so.In the following lists, the first names, listed in bold type against a blue background, are the winners, and the following names are the remaining nominees. The years given are those in which the films under consideration were released, not the year of the ceremony, which takes place in January of the following year.

 Winners and nominees 

 1940s 

 1950s 

 1960s 

 1970s 

 1980s 

 1990s 

 2000s 

 2010s 

 2020s 

 Multiple nominations 

 More than 5 nominations 
Steven Spielberg (14/3)
Martin Scorsese (10/3)
Clint Eastwood (7/3)
Fred Zinnemann (7/2)
Francis Ford Coppola (6/2)
Sidney Lumet (6/1)

 5 nominations 

 4 nominations 

 3 nominations 

 2 nominations 

 Multiple winners 
4 awardsElia Kazan3 awards
2 awards

 See also 
BAFTA Award for Best Direction
Academy Award for Best Director
Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Director
Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Feature Film
Independent Spirit Award for Best Director

 References 

 General 

Tamagotchi
The Tamagotchi (Japanese: たまごっち, IPA: [tamaɡotꜜtɕi], "Egg Watch") is a handheld digital pet that was created in Japan by Akihiro Yokoi of WiZ and Aki Maita of Bandai. It was released by Bandai on November 23, 1996 in Japan and in the United States on May 1, 1997, quickly becoming one of the biggest toy fads of the late 1990s and the early 2000s. As of June 2023, over 91 million units have been sold worldwide. Most Tamagotchi are housed in a small egg-shaped handheld video game with an interface consisting of three buttons, with the Tamagotchi Pix adding a shutter on the top to activate the camera.
According to Bandai, the name is a portmanteau combining the two Japanese words tamago (たまご), which means "egg", and uotchi (ウオッチ) "watch". After the original English spelling of watch, the name is sometimes romanized as Tamagotch without the "i" in Japan. Most Tamagotchi characters' names end in tchi or chi (ち) in Japanese, with few exceptions.

 History 
Tamagotchi was invented by Aki Maita and Akihiro Yokoi in 1996. They both won the 1997 Ig Nobel Prize for economics, dubbing them the father and mother of Tamagotchi. Tamagotchi is a keychain-sized virtual pet simulation game. The characters were first drawn in heta-uma which was a popular style found in teen magazines then converted to pixel art. They were worn like a wristwatch in the initial concept, hence the portmanteau name. The egg shape might have been chosen as reptiles like snakes were popular pets at that time. The characters are colorful creatures with simple designs based on animals, objects, or people. In 2004, beginning with the Tamagotchi Plus/Connection, a second wave of Tamagotchi toys emerged, featuring a different graphic design by artist JINCO and gameplay which elaborated upon the first generations. However, the story behind the games remained the same: Tamagotchis are a small alien species that deposited an egg on Earth to see what life was like, and it is up to the player to raise the egg into an adult creature. The creature goes through several stages of growth, and will develop differently depending on the care the player provides, with better care resulting in an adult creature that is smarter, happier, and requires less attention. Gameplay can vary widely between models, and some models, such as TamagoChu, require little to no care from the player.
When releasing the Tamagotchi in Japan, Bandai initially marketed them exclusively to teenage girls. Bandai and WiZ would later create a masculine counterpart to the Tamagotchi, the Digital Monster, which would spawn the Digimon franchise.

 Gameplay 
Upon activating the pet, an egg appears on the screen. After setting the clock on the device, the egg will wiggle for several minutes, and then hatch into a small pet. In later versions, inputting the player's name and birthday is also required when setting the clock, and at birth, the player can name the pet and learn of its family group and/or gender. The player can care for the pet as much or as little as they choose, and the outcome depends on the player's actions. The first Tamagotchi units could only be paused by going to set the clock, effectively stopping the passage of time in the game, but in later models, a pause function was included.
Pets have a Hunger meter, Happy meter and a Training meter to determine how healthy and well-behaved the pet is. There is also an age and weight check function for the current age and weight of the pet. Filling up the Hunger meter can be achieved by feeding the pet a meal (usually a loaf of bread or hamburger) or a snack (usually a piece of candy or cake). Filling up the Happy meter can be achieved by playing mini-games with the pet or by feeding it a snack (there are no limits to this, but there are limits to how many meals can be fed). Mini-games usually vary between versions. The Training meter (formerly called Discipline in earlier releases) can be filled by pressing the "scold" option when a pet calls for attention despite neither it's hunger or happy meter being full, calls for attention but refuses to play or be fed a meal and in later models, sending a prank gift to a friend. Later models added a "praise" option  for when the pet sulks or performs a good deed.  The pet will leave droppings around the screen from time to time and can become sick if they are not cleaned up. Before the pet goes to the bathroom, it will make a face and stink lines will appear around it. If the player activates the toilet icon during this animation, but before the pet has gone to the bathroom, the pet will use a toilet instead. When done repeatedly, the pet can be potty trained.
If the pet gets sick, a skull icon appears next to the pet as it sits still at the bottom of the screen, with an unhappy expression. The pet can become sick for a number of reasons, such as overfeeding of snacks or failing to clean up droppings. The pet can die if sickness is left unchecked. The pet can be cured by pressing the "Medicine" option, however, it may need to be pressed more than once. Usually, a pet will not play or accept a meal when sick.

 Life cycle 
The pet goes through several distinct stages of development throughout its life cycle. Each stage lasts a set amount of days, depending on the model of the toy, and when it reaches a new stage, the toy plays a jingle, and the pet's appearance changes. The pet can "die" due to poor care, old age, sickness, and in a few versions, predators. The pet's life cycle stages are Baby, Child, Teenager, Adult and Special, with some units also having a Senior stage. Usually, the pet's age will increase once it has awakened from its sleep time.
Poor care can cause a pet to die, but on certain releases, it can also die of old age. If an old pet dies without producing offspring, the family line has ended. The Japanese Tamagotchi toys usually feature a ghost and headstone when the pet dies, but English language versions have been changed to show an angel at death. There is sometimes more than one death based on how well the pet was cared prior to death. Pressing the C button shows the age at which the pet died. After the pet dies, a player can restart the game by pressing the A and C buttons at the same time.

 Additional features 
In recent models, the player earns currency called Gotchi Points while playing games, and can use the currency in an in-game shop to buy different foods, toys, accessories, or even room decorations for the pet.

 Connectivity 
Using infrared communication, two players can link their toys and the pets may form friendships, play games, exchange gifts, and even marry. Connectivity was introduced with Osutchi and Mesutchi. The Japanese Keitai Kaitsuu Tamagotchi Plus was the first model to feature support for an online app. Since then, many subsequent models have also been able to interact with apps like Tamatown by using alphanumeric codes generated by the toy to log into the website's Flash game. After generating a code, the toy remains paused until the player either enters a logout code or cancels. The player may play minigames in the town to earn Gotchi Points, or use Gotchi Points to buy items in the town shops. To transfer points and items back to the toy, the player signs out of the Flash game and is given a code to input back into the toy. Newer models, such as the Tamagotchi 4U and the Tamagotchi 4U+ can connect to other Tamagotchi 4U units, as well as smartphones and tablets, using near-field communication. Unlike previous models, the Tamagotchi 4U does not have infrared, which consequently caused it to sell rather poorly. In the recently released Tamagotchi pix, there us an option for connecting through QR codes.

 Marriage and family 
The Mesutchi and Osutchi Tamagotchis were the first to introduce marriages and offspring, and the feature returned in the Plus/Connection and subsequent models. Two players with a male and female pet may link their toys and allow the pets to develop a friendship and fall in love. Once the pets have raised their relationship meter sufficiently, the pets may marry. The player can also choose to have their pet marry a random pet brought in by the "Matchmaker." Once married, the female will eventually produce two eggs, keeping one and leaving one with the male. Since the parent will automatically guide the baby's life, the only care it needs from the player is medicine in the case of sickness. After 24 hours has passed or the offspring evolves into a child the parent will leave, and the player is left to care for a new generation. This can continue for as long as the player manages to care for the pets.
The Chou Jinsei Enjoy Tamagotchi also introduced the idea of character "families" or "groups." These "families" are a kind of classification for characters obtainable in the game, grouped mainly by appearance, though they are also associated with certain skills. A character of one group cannot grow into an adult of a different group, and if two pets of different groups marry and have an egg, the baby will be of the female's group. Tamagotchi m!x has a notable change to this feature; in this release, Tamagotchi offspring will share genetics from both of their parents.

 Other 
With the many different versions of the toy, there are other less common mechanics that influence the pet's growth, including but not limited to friendship with the player, varying types of skills, and career.
The Chou Jinsei Enjoy Tamagotchi also introduced Skills, which can be built by playing certain games with the pet, or using certain toys or foods bought from the E-Tamago or in-game shops. Having certain skills can help the pet obtain a career, and if built up high enough, can unlock special characters.
The Tamagotchi Pix has a camera installed, allowing the user to get a pet based on the skin tone and age of the face; it also allows the user to take pictures and "take" the pet on a walk.

 Releases 
As of 2009, there have been over 44 Tamagotchi versions released since their creation, several of which were only released in Japan. "Mametchi", present since the original release, became a mascot of sorts for the series. Along with the original Tamagotchi, the first wave of Tamagotchi toys included Christmas, angel, and ocean themed versions. The newer versions began in 2004 with the Tamagotchi Plus, and the most recent version is the Tamagotchi Uni, which was released on July 15, 2023.Bandai sold 400,000 units in 1996, increasing to 10 million by July 1997 and 13 million by October 1997. By Spring 1998, nearly 40 million units were sold worldwide, including 20 million in Japan and nearly 20 million overseas. In the first two years following Tamagotchi's release, Bandai had sold 40 million units. By 2010, over 76 million Tamagotchis had been sold worldwide. By 2017, over 82 million units had been sold worldwide. As of March 2021, Bandai Namco has sold 83.73 million Tamagotchi units.In early 2013, Bandai released an enhanced version of the original Tamagotchi as a free iOS and Android app named "Tamagotchi L.i.f.e.". A sequel to the game, "Tamagotchi L.i.f.e. Angel", was released on February 26, 2014.
"Tamagotchi ON" is the first color Tamagotchi to be released internationally.Bandai released various special editions favored by collectors, some of them being "Tamagochi: Neon Genesis Evangelion" or "Tamagochi: Gudetama", which came out in 2020.

 Video games 
Since its debut, Tamagotchi has made its way onto several gaming platforms. Several early games feature gameplay similar to the original toys. A few party-style games appeared on major consoles, along with the Corner Shop series of simulation games and a few role playing games for the Nintendo DS.

 Arcade 
The character Mametchi makes an appearance in Namco Bandai/Nintendo's Mario Kart Arcade GP 2 as a playable character, along with his pet, Bagubagutchi, as an item. Mametchi and Yumemitchi also appeared in the arcade game Taiko no Tatsujin as unlockable costumes.An arcade machine known as TamaStation is available in Japan from which players can win prizes for their Tamagotchi toy. This machine has several sequels, such as TamaStation 2.

 Marketing and other media 

 Film 
On June 5, 2007, it was announced by Reuters that an animated Tamagotchi film was to be released in December 2007. The film, Tamagotchi: The Movie, focuses on Mametchi, along with his friends Memetchi and Kuchipatchi. Introduced are Tanpopo, a human girl who Mametchi accidentally transports to the Tamagotchi Planet; and Chamametchi, the younger sister of Mametchi, who is born during the film's events. Tamagotchi: The Movie was released on December 15, 2007, and was distributed by Toho Co. The film opened at number 3 at the box office on opening weekend. On May 31, 2008, North American distributor Bandai Entertainment announced they had acquired the rights to the film. The movie's first English release was a direct-to-DVD version, released on June 3, 2009 in Australia by Madman Entertainment. The UK DVD was released on September 14, 2009 via Manga Entertainment.
On December 20, 2008, a second film, known as Tamagotchi: Happiest Story in the Universe! was released into theaters. This film, introducing a new Tamagotchi known as Hapihapitchi, was later released on DVD, on June 26, 2009. Unlike the first film, no English dub was ever released on any home video formats, but an English dub aired on television in the Philippines. Madman Entertainment intended to dub Happiest Story in the Universe!, but the dub was cancelled for unknown reasons.
On November 1, 2016, Bandai announced a new Tamagotchi short film called Tamagotchi: Secret Delivery Operation. The film was theatrically released alongside the Kamisama Minarai: Himitsu no Cocotama film on April 28, 2017, and was included in the Cocotama movie's DVD released on December 6, 2017. The short film once again follows Mametchi and his friends, assigned to make an essential delivery to the Gotchi King when a giant mechanical claw controlled by the Spacy Brothers intervenes with the delivery.
In the 2022 film Turning Red, which was set in 2002, the main protagonist Meilin "Mei" Lee owns a Tamagotchi that she names "Robaire Junior", after one of the members of her favorite band. This was inspired by director Domee Shi's desire to have a Tamagotchi when she was younger.

 Video games 
In Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (2019), there is a purchasable item that is similar to a Tamagotchi in wristwatch form, called the Tomogunchi. The item contains a virtual animal that hatches and evolves through the player getting kills, winning matches, and completing other gameplay objectives.A Tamagotchi also appears as a character and item in Chibi-Robo!. It's a gift the player can give to Mr. Sanderson after completing the main story by following one of Captain Plankbeard's treasure maps.. Chibi-Robo! was co-developed by Bandai, therefore allowing the product to appear without any legal issues.
In the mobile online shooter Pixel Gun 3D, the game introduced a weapon in the “Summer Party” season called the Tamagotchi Revolver, a small pink gun of the Back Up category with a Tamagotchi on it. In the season, there is a mission in the Elite Challenges which requires the player to kill 90 players with the weapon in Team Fight mode.

 Anime 
A Japanese-only anime series called Anime TV de Hakken!! Tamagotchi (アニメ TVで発見!! たまごっち, lit. "Found on Anime TV!! Tamagotchi") aired from July 7, 1997 to March 21, 1998 on Fuji TV.
In December 2007, Bandai Japan began airing Saa Ikō! Tamagotchi (さぁイコー！たまごっち) a week before the release of the first film. In December 2008, Bandai America dubbed the series, Let's Go! Tamagotchi, and began streaming it on YouTube in both English and Japanese, with captions for up to seven other languages.In 2009, another anime television series was announced, called Tamagotchi! (たまごっち!). It began in October 2009 and ended in March 2015. A short-lived English dub of the Tamagotchi anime aired in Australia on channel GO! from 2010 to 2014; only the first 26 episodes have been dubbed and have been repeated until 2014, when GO! took the anime out of their channel. The anime has been dubbed in Tagalog in the Philippines, with said dub airing on GMA Network. There is also a dub in Taiwan that aired on YoYo TV.
From November 23, 2013 to December 2014, Bandai America adapted the second Tamagotchi anime, Tamagotchi! Yume Kira Dream, into "webisodes" promoting the then-latest addition to the franchise outside Japan, Tamagotchi Friends.

 Animated video 
An animated video, Tamagotchi Video Adventures, was produced by 7th Level, Inc. in association with Bandai in 1997. It was directed by Dan Kuenster, produced by Susan Deming and written by Kuenster, Deming, and David Lewman. It runs approximately 42 and a half minutes long. Cosmotchi sends the Tamagotchi to Earth to collect an object that best exemplifies the planet for the Tamagotchi Museum. An original animated music video ("What's a Tamagotchi?") and a how-to-draw Tamagotchi featurette, starring director Kuenster, follow the movie.

 Music 
Momus's 1997 album Ping Pong features a song called "Tamagotchi Press Officer", which mocked Bandai's advertising strategy.
The song "Tamagotchi (Tschoopapa...)" was produced by the music band Sqeezer in 1997.
In Japan, the band Kigurumi, after gaining new members and becoming a trio, released their single "Tamagotchi" on November 21, 2007, which was also the theme music for the film. It was dubbed in English along with the English dub of the movie.
The Eurodance group Daze song entitled "Together Forever" uses many Tamagotchi references.
The Los Angeles-based pop duo LOONER released their tribute to the toy in May 2009 with the single "I Love My Tamagotchee!".
The Filipino band Eraserheads made a song called "Tamagotchi Baby" on their Aloha Milkyway album.
The German band "Die Ärzte" also made a song called "Tamagotchi".
The French singer Lorie made a song called "La TamaDance" in 2014 to the contest TamaDance.
Tamagotchi!, the anime based on Tamagotchi, also features numerous original songs, most of which are performed by the Japanese voice actress Kei Shindō as the pop idol character Lovelitchi.
Polish rapper duo Taconafide (Taco Hemingway and Quebonafide) released their song Tamagotchi in 2018; it has reached the position 1 on many Polish charts.

 Reception and impact 
The success of the Tamagotchi led to the electronic pet being appointed the Christmas Gift of the Year by the Swedish Retail Institute in November 1997.

During the late 1990s, children frequently took Tamagotchi digital pets to school because in the first two releases (Generation 1 and Generation 2), a character could die in less than half a day if it did not receive adequate care. Teachers expressed concerns over class disruption as well as general distraction from schoolwork and this eventually led many schools to ban the product. Children became emotional over the deaths of their Tamagotchi, leading to teenagers sending them to graveyards for burial and urban legends of teen suicide, such as an alleged case of a teenage girl hanging herself over the death of her Tamagotchi after her parents took it away as a punishment.

 See also 
Digimon — a similar digital pet by Bandai
Giga Pet — a brand of virtual pets released by Tiger Electronics to compete with the Tamagotchi
Furby — a 90's toy with a similar market and a robotic feature with simulated speech and movement
Fin Fin on Teo the Magic Planet — a similar digital pet game
Neopets — a type of online browser based virtual pet
Pixel Chix — a similar toy aimed at girls
Pokémon Pikachu — a similar line of digital pets by Nintendo
Pou — a Tamagotchi clone where the user cares for a simulated creature
Tamagotchi effect — A psychological effect named after the digital pet
Tuttuki Bako — a similar Bandai release

 References 

 External links 

Official website

Refugees of the Greek Civil War
During and after the Greek Civil War of 1946–1949, members and or supporters of the defeated Communist forces fled Greece as political refugees. The collapse of the Democratic Army of Greece (DSE) and subsequent evacuation of the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) to Tashkent in 1949 led thousands of people to leave the country. It has been estimated that by 1949, over 100,000 people had left Greece for Yugoslavia and the Eastern Bloc, particularly the USSR and Czechoslovakia. These included tens of thousands of child refugees who had been forcefully evacuated by the KKE. The war wrought widespread devastation right across Greece and particularly in the regions of Macedonia and Epirus, causing many people to continue to leave the country even after it had ended. 

 Greek Civil War 
After the invading Axis powers were defeated, fighting promptly broke out between the Democratic Army of Greece (DSE) and the Greek Government which had returned from exile. Many people chose to return their allegiances as to what they regarded as the rightful government of Greece. Soon the Greek Civil War had broken out between the two opposing sides. Many peasants, leftists, socialists, Pontic Greeks, Caucasus Greeks, ethnic minorities from Northern Greece like Slav Macedonians, and ideological communists joined the struggle on the side of the KKE and the DSE. Backing from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the Socialist People's Republic of Albania helped the Democratic Army of Greece (DSE) to continue their struggle. The DSE recruited heavily amongst the community of Macedonia. It has been estimated that by 1949, from 40 to 60 per cent of the rank and file of the DSE was composed of Slav Macedonians, or from 11,000–14,000 of the KKE's fighting force. Given their important role in the battle, KKE changed its policy towards them. At the fifth Plenum of KKE on January 31, 1949, a resolution was passed declaring that after KKE's victory, the Slav Macedonians would find their "national restoration" within a united Greek state. Although they had made a critical contribution to the KKE war effort, their contribution was not enough to turn the tide.
By the spring of 1947 the communist forces controlled much of the Greek rural areas but had yet to achieve significant support in the cities. At the same time, many Greek prisons were full of ELAS Partisans, EAM members and other pro-communist citizens. Thousands of people had been executed by firing squads on claims that they had committed atrocities against the Greek state. After the defeat of DSE in Peloponnese a new wave of terror spread across areas controlled by the Government of Athens. The Provisional Government, with its headquarters on Mount Vitse, soon decided to evacuate all children from the ages of 2 to 14 from all areas controlled by the Provisional Government, most of these children were from Macedonian families. By 1948 the areas controlled by the Provisional Government had been reduced to rural Greek Macedonia and Epirus. Soon many injured partisans and elderly people along with the child refugees had been evacuated to People's Republic of Albania. After 1948 the Yugoslavian Government decided to close the Yugoslav-Greek border, this in turn led many  pro-Tito forces in the National Liberation Front to flee to Yugoslavia. Despite this, Slav Macedonians continued to fight in the ranks of DSE. By 1948, Slav Macedonians comprised over 30% of the DSE's fighting force according to some estimates, but these estimates have been disputed by the KKE. In the ensuing aftermath, the National Army began to consolidate its control in areas previously controlled by the Provisional Government. Many villages were destroyed in the fighting and the displaced villagers often fled the country through Albania and onto Yugoslavia. One case is the village of Pimenikon (Babčor) in the Kastoria region which was allegedly eliminated by Greek bombers in 1948, displacing hundreds of people.  By this time DSE effectively controlled parts of Northern Greece, along with areas of Macedonia where Macedonians represented a clear majority, along with a large tract of Epirus. By the beginning of 1949, increased American aid for the National Army, the Tito–Stalin split, recruiting problems for DSE, as well as major defeats in the islands and in Peloponnese, helped destabilize the position of the DSE.
Many people fled due to the collapse of the DSE, it has also been claimed that many Slav Macedonians fled to avoid possible persecution by the advancing National Army. The Exodus of Macedonians from Greece was the experience of the ethnic Macedonians who left Greece as a result of the Civil War, particularly in North Macedonia and the ethnic Macedonian diaspora.  The KKE claims that the total number of political refugees was 55,881, an estimated 28,000–32,000 children were evacuated during the Greek Civil War. A 1951 document from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia states that the total number of Slav Macedonians that left Greece during the Civil War was 28,595  whereas some ethnic Macedonian sources put the number of refugees at over 213,000.
However, disclosed CIA documents indicated that the Greek government was willing to transfer 50,000 ethnic Macedonians to Yugoslavia from Greece in 1953.
Over the course of the war thousands of Communists were killed, imprisoned or had their land confiscated. The headquarters of the Democratic Army in Greece reported that from mid-1945 to May 20, 1947, in Western Macedonia alone, 13,259 were tortured, 3,215 were imprisoned and 268 were executed without trial. In the same period 1,891 had been burnt down and 1,553 had been looted and 13,553 people had been resettled by force. Of the many Macedonians who were imprisoned many would often form their own groups within the prisons. It is claimed that the Greek Prison Camps were located on the islands of Ikaria and Makronisos, the Averof jail near Athens and the jails in Thessaloniki and Larisa.

 Refugee children 
On March 4, 1948, the communist "Radio Free Greece" announced that all children under the age of 15 would be evacuated from areas under  control of the Provisional Government. The older women were instructed to take the children across the border to Yugoslavia and Albania, while the younger women took to the hills with the partisans. Widows of dead partisans soon became surrogate mothers for the children and assisted them in their journey to the Eastern Bloc. Many people also had their children evacuated. By 1948 scores of children had already died from malnutrition, disease and injuries. It is estimated that 8,000 children were taken from the Kastoria area in the ensuing weeks. The children were sorted into groups and made way for the Albanian border. The partisan carers (often young women and men) had to help and support the children as they fled the Civil War.
Thousands of Greek Macedonian, Pontic Greek, Caucasus Greek, Slavic Macedonian and Aromanian children were evacuated from the areas under communist control. A United Nations Special Committee on the Balkans (UNSCOB) report confirms that villages with an ethnic (Slavic speaking) Macedonian population were far more willing to let their children be evacuated. They are now known as Децата Бегалци (Decata Begalci) "the Refugee Children" in North Macedonia and the ethnic Macedonian diaspora. It is estimated that from 28,000 children to 32,000 children were evacuated in the years 1948 and 1949.  Exceptions were made for children under the age of two or three who stayed with their mothers while the rest should be evacuated. Many of these children were spread throughout the Eastern Bloc by 1950 there were 5,132 children in Romania, 4,148 in Czechoslovakia, 3,590 in Poland, 2,859 in Hungary and 672 had been evacuated to Bulgaria.The official Greek position was that these children had been forcibly taken from their parents by the Communists to be brought up under a socialist system. The abduction of children is referred to by Greek historians and politicians as the Paidomazoma (Παιδομάζωμα), alluding to the Ottoman Devşirme.
The term "political refugee" has been vague and in some cases misleading in the case of the Greek Civil War, and includes different categories of people. It is difficult to determine the number of people who left Greece because of "justified fear of persecution on the grounds of race, religion, nationality, social class or political beliefs" as the 1951 Geneva Convention provides for the determination of a refugee. Many people left voluntarilly and others were forced to follow the guerrillas in Eastern Europe.

 Evacuations following the Communist defeat 
By early 1949 the situation for the communists had become dire.  The Greek-Yugoslav border was closed and daily groups of refugees were fleeing across the Albanian border. From here they would disperse into the rest of the Eastern Bloc. Many of the partisans did not survive the ensuing journey with many perishing. They were stirred on by the hope of fighting for the Greek Communist Party and the Democratic Army of Greece from other parts of the World. Many others were refugees whose homes and businesses had been destroyed by the civil war fighting. Others still were expelled by the Government forces for their collaboration with the Bulgarian Ohrana during the war. Thousands fled across the border before the Greek government was able to re-established control in former Communist held territory.
Thousands of refugees began to flee across the Eastern Bloc. Many ended up in the Soviet Union, Czechoslovakia and across the Eastern Bloc. Thousands more left for Australia, the United States and Canada.  This process separated many families permanently with brothers and sisters often separated from each other.  It was common for mothers to lose contact with their children and never to see them again. The most visible effect of the Civil War was the mass emigration.

 Exile from Greece 
In 1947 the legal act L-2 was issued. This meant that all people who had fought against the Greek government during the Greek Civil War and had left Greece would have their citizenship confiscated and were banned from returning to the country. On January 20, 1948 the legal act M was issued which allowed the Greek government to confiscate the property of those who were stripped of their citizenship. This effectively had exiled the defeated KKE and its supporters who had left Greece.

 Exodus of Slav-Macedonians from Greece 
The Exodus of Slav Macedonians from Greece (Macedonian: Егзодус на Македонци од Грција, Egzodus na Makedonci od Grcija) refers to the thousands of Slav Macedonians who were evacuated, fled or expelled during the Greek Civil War in the years 1945 to 1949, many of whom fled to avoid persecution. Although these refugees have been classed as political refugees there have been claims that they were also targeted due to their ethnic and cultural identities. Many Slav Macedonians had sided with the KKE which in 1934 had expressed its intent to "fight for the national self-determination of the repressed Slav Macedonians (ethnic group)" and after the KKE passed a resolution at its Fifth Plenum on 31 January 1949 in which "after the KKE victory, the Slav-Macedonians would find their national restoration within a united Greek state". The ethnic Macedonians fought alongside the DSE under their own military wing, the National Liberation Front (Macedonia) (NOF). From its foundation until its merger with the DSE, the NOF had fought alongside the Greek Communist Party. By 1946 thousands of Slav-Macedonians had joined the struggle with NOF, alongside them Aromanians from the Kastoria region were also prominent in the ranks of NOF. Under the NOF, Slav-Macedonian culture was allowed to flourish in Greece. Over 10,000 children went to 87 schools, Macedonian language newspapers were printed and theaters opened. As the Governmental forces approached these facilities were either shut down or destroyed. Many people feared oppression and the loss of their rights under the rule of the Greek government, which in turn caused many people to flee Greece. By 1948, DSE and the Provisional Government, effectively only controlled areas of Northern Greece that Slav-Macedonian villages were also included.
After the Provisional Government in 1948 announced that all children were to leave the DSE controlled areas of Greece many Slav-Macedonians left the war zone. Some sources estimate that tens of thousands of Slav-Macedonians left Greece in the ensuing period. The exodus of Slav-Macedonians from Greek Macedonia continued in the aftermath of the Greek Civil War. Most of the refugees were evacuated to the Eastern Bloc, after which many returned to the Socialist Republic of Macedonia.

 Establishment of refugees overseas 
After the Communist defeat the majority of communists fled to Albania before making their way to the rest of the Eastern Bloc. The majority of the remaining partisans in the Democratic Army of Greece had been evacuated to Tashkent in the Soviet Union, while others were sent to Poland, Hungary and Romania. A commune of ex-communist partisans had been established in village of Buljkes in Vojvodina, Yugoslavia. It was in Tashkent that the Headquarters of the Greek Communist Party were reestablished. Special preparations were made for the defeated army and accommodation and supplies were readied.
Many of the refugee children were placed in Evacuation camps across Europe. They often ended up in places from Poland, Bulgaria and the Soviet Union. The largest group was to end up in Yugoslavia. Here special evacuation camps and Red Cross field hospitals were set up for the children. Most were placed in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia. Over 2,000 homes were prepared for the children in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia. and many were placed into foster care rather than into orphanages and evacuation camps. Across the Eastern Bloc the refugees were often educated in three and often four languages; Greek, the newly codified Macedonian language, the host countries' language and Russian.

 Yugoslavia 
Half of all the refugees from the Greek Civil War were sent to Yugoslavia. Many of the early refugees entered Yugoslavia directly while later refugees had to pass through Albania after the border was closed. The majority of the refugees were settled in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia while many were settled in the Socialist Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, where Slav-Macedonians still constitute a minority today. The Yugoslav branch of the Red Cross was able to settle 11,000 children across Yugoslavia. Throughout Yugoslavia room was made in specially designed homes by the Red Cross for the refugees. The ten children's homes held approximately 2,000 children. The remaining 9,000 were placed with families in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia. The largest group of refugees including 25,000 Slav-Macedonians moved to Yugoslavia.

 Socialist Republic of Macedonia 
Most of the post-World War Two refugees sent to Yugoslavia went to the Socialist Republic of Macedonia. This was for obvious reasons such as the short distance between the borders of Greece and Yugoslavia. Soon the flow of people reversed and many ethnic Macedonians from Yugoslavia entered Greece with the hope of aiding the National Liberation Front. The largest group of refugee children from the Greek Civil War was to end up in the People's Republic of Macedonia. Upon crossing the Yugoslav border many children were sent to villages such as Ljubojno and Brajčino before being relocated to larger urban centers such as Skopje and Bitola. These were joined by thousands more refugees, partisans and expellees until the border with Yugoslavia was closed. From then on refugees had to enter the country via Albania. The majority of these refugee children were Slav-Macedonian speakers, who remain in the Republic of Macedonia to this day.
The refugees from Greek Macedonia were primarily settled in deserted villages and areas across the Republic of Macedonia. A large proportion went to the Tetovo and Gostivar areas. Another large group was to settle in Bitola and the surrounding areas, while refugee camps were established in Kumanovo and Strumica. Large enclaves of refugees and their descendants can be found in the suburbs of Topansko Pole and Avtokomanda in Skopje. They joined mainstream Macedonian society, with most being highly educated. Most have never returned to Greece. The Republic of Macedonia was the primary destination of Slav-Macedonian refugees from the Greek Civil War. Some estimates put the number of refugees and their descendants at over 50,000 people.

 Vojvodina 
Vojvodina became the host to one of the largest refugee populations across the Eastern Bloc. In Vojvodina a special ex-German camp was set up for the refugees, Buljkes. Most of these refugees were ELAS members and the so-called "Greek Commune" was established. Although many were Greeks, it is known that a large proportion of the "Greeks" were in fact Slav Macedonians. The first group of refugees to come to Buljkes came from Kumanovo on May 25, 1945. The group included 1454 refugees, mainly partisans. By June 1945 another group of 2,702 refugees had been transferred to Vojvodina. In the spring of 1946 a group of refugees from Greek Macedonia numbering around 250 people had left the camp. Many more had left the commune for adjacent villages, which left the commune primarily Greek populated. It was here that the Greek newspaper Foni tou Boulkes, was published alongside children's books and the paper of the Communist party of Greece. A primary school was established and the commune began to print its own currency. Eventually the camp was shut down and the villagers were transferred. Other camps were established in Bela Crkva, Plandište, Vršac, Ečka and Šid while the villages of Gakovo and Kruševlje were repopulated by refugees. By 1946 the total population of Buljkes had reached 4,023 people. Of the remaining Slav-Macedonians in Vojvodina at this time many left for the Czechoslovakia or were resettled in the People's Republic of Macedonia.

 Eastern Bloc 
Wherever the evacuees found themselves across the Eastern bloc, special provisions were made for them. Across the Eastern Bloc the ethnic Macedonian refugees were taught the newly codified Macedonian language and the host country's language; many often learned Russian. A large proportion of the child refugees eventually found foster parents in the host country while many of the others were eventually transported back to Yugoslavia especially from 1955 when Yugoslavia made efforts to attract the child refugees. By the 1970s hundreds of refugees had returned to the Socialist Republic of Macedonia from the Soviet Union. Most notably from the clusters of refugees in Tashkent and Alma Ata. In 1982 the Greek government enabled an Amnesty Law, this caused many "Greeks by genus" to return to Greece in the subsequent period.

 Soviet Union 
After the collapse of the Democratic Army of Greece thousands of partisans were evacuated to Tashkent and Alma Ata in Central Asia. An estimated 11,980 Partisans were evacuated to the Soviet Union of which 8,573 were males and 3,407 were females. Many of the ethnic Greek partisans remained in the Soviet Union, while most of the ethnic Macedonian partisans would migrate to Yugoslav Macedonia in the 1960s and 1970s. After the amnesty law of 1980 many Greeks returned to Greece, particularly Greek Macedonia.

 Poland 
Another large group of refugees, numbering at least 12,300, found their way to the Lower Silesia area in Poland. This group included both Greeks and Slav Macedonians. On 25 October a group of Greek refugee children originally sent to Romania were relocated to Poland. A proportion of these found their way to Lądek-Zdrój. Another camp had been established in Krościenko. Facilities in Poland were well staffed and modern with assistance from the Red Cross. Many of these remained refugees in the Lower Silesia area while a large proportion was eventually spread across Southern and Central Poland, and soon concentrations of refugees sprung up in Gdańsk and Zgorzelec. Many Greeks decided to return to Greece after the 1982 Amnesty Law allowed their return, whereas a large proportion of Slav Macedonians ended up leaving Poland for the Socialist Republic of Macedonia. A book about the Macedonian children in Poland (Macedonian: Македонските деца во Полска) was published in Skopje in 1987. Another book, "The Political refugees from Greece in Poland 1948–1975" (Polish: Uchodźcy Polityczni z Grecji w Polsce; 1948–1975) has also been published. In 1989 the Association of Macedonians in Poland (Polish: Towarzystwo Macedończyków w Polsce, Macedonian: Друштво на Македонците во Полска) was founded in order to lobby for the Greek government to allow the free return of Civil War  refugee children to Greece.

 Czechoslovakia 
The first refugee children to come to Czechoslovakia were at first quarantined, bathed and placed into an old German camp. Here the refugee children were given food and shelter as they were sorted into age groups. Surrogate mothers from Greek Macedonia were assigned to the younger children while the older children were placed into school. The Czech teachers who were trained in psychology did their best to train the children. In Czechoslovakia they were taught Czech, Greek, Macedonian and Russian. Friction between the Greek and ethnic Macedonian children led to the relocation of the Greek children. Eventually the children were joined by older Partisans and ex-communist members. By 1950 and estimated 4,000 males, 3,475 females and 4,148 children had been evacuated to Czechoslovakia. By 1960 both Greek and Macedonian communities had been established. Unlike in other communist states the majority of the refugees had chosen to remain in Czechoslovakia. Much of the Greek population left in the 1980s to return to Greece. In the early 1990s a branch of the Association of Refugee Children from the Aegean part of Macedonia was founded in the Czech Republic and in Slovakia. The former Greek refugees were later recognized as a national minority by the Government of the Czech Republic.

 Bulgaria 
Although the People's Republic of Bulgaria originally accepted few refugees, government policy changed and the Bulgarian government actively sought ethnically Macedonian refugees. It is estimated that approximately 2,500 children were sent to Bulgaria and 3,000 partisans fled there in the closing period of the war. There had been a larger flow of refugees into Bulgarian as the Bulgarian Army pulled out of the Drama-Serres region in 1944. A large proportion of Macedonian speakers emigrated there. The "Slavic Committee" in Sofia (Bulgarian: Славянски Комитет) helped to attract refugees that had settled in other parts of the Eastern Bloc. According to a political report in 1962 the number of political emigrants from Greece numbered at 6,529. Unlike in the other countries in the Eastern Bloc, there were no specific organizations founded to deal with specific issues relating to the child refugees. This caused many to cooperate with the "Association of Refugee Children from the Aegean part of Macedonia", an association based in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia. Eventually many of these migrants relocated to the Republic of Macedonia with many being integrated into mainstream Bulgarian society.

 Romania 
A large evacuation camp was established in the Romanian town of Tulgheş. It was here that many of the younger children were reunited with their parents. It is thought that 5,132 children were evacuated to Romania along with 1,981 men and 1,939 women. Of all the children evacuated to the Eastern bloc the largest number were evacuated to Romania. Special provisions were established for the children. They were taught in the Russian, Greek and Macedonian languages along Romanian. Many of the Greek refugee children returned to Greece after the Amnesty Law released in 1982, while the Slav-Macedonian refugee children were subsequently officially recognized as a minority group.

 Hungary 
A large group of refugees was also evacuated to Hungary in the years 1946–1949. This included 2,161 males, 2,233 females and 2,859 children. The first group of approximately 2,000 children was evacuated to Hungary and placed into military barracks. Another group of 1,200 partisans was transferred from Buljkes to Hungary. An initial refugee camp had been established in the Hungarian village of Fehervarcsurgo. Authorities soon split the groups by the village of origin. They were then "adopted" by the Hungarian community. A Greek village was founded in central Hungary and was named Beloiannisz, after the Greek Communist Fighter, Nikos Beloyannis.  They were sent across the country but still received support from the Red Cross and an education in Hungarian, Slav-Macedonian, Greek and Russian. Many chose to leave Hungary in search of relatives and family. Others chose to relocate themselves to the Socialist Republic of Macedonia while many ethnic Greeks returned to Greece after 1982.

 German Democratic Republic 
It has been estimated that around 1,200 child refugees found their way to East Germany. At the time it was claimed that all of these children were "Greek" but no distinction was made regarding the ethnicity of the children. There were also ethnically Macedonian and Albanian children who had also been sent to the country. Unlike the rest of Eastern Europe the Macedonian language was not taught to the children in Germany, since the majority were Greek Macedonians. Mostly, the Greek children would end up returning to Greece.

 Refugees in the West 
A large proportion of the adults who had left Europe ended up in the United States, Canada and Australia. Thousands would go on to establish themselves in the hope of returning to Europe. The 1950s witnessed the arrival of over 2,000 refugee children in Canada alone. Thousands of refugees had settled themselves in European cities such as London and Paris in the hope of continuing the struggle of the DSE.

 Aftermath 
The removal of a large proportion of the population from Greek Macedonia dramatically changed the social and political landscape of the region. Depopulation, repatriation, discrimination and repopulation would all become issues to be resolved in the period following the Greek Civil War.

 Loss of citizenship 
In 1947 those who had fought the government or who had fled Greece had their citizenship stripped from them. Many of them were barred from re-entering Greece on a permanent or temporary basis. This meant that the exiles and refugees were unable to return to the land of their birth. Many of the refugees remained in Eastern Europe or left for the West. Citizenship was stripped from the evacuees without the fair hearing to an independent tribunal and other internationally accepted protocols for the seizure of citizenship such as legal representation and the opportunity to defend oneself. This process of seizing citizenship had "historically been used against people identifying as ethnic Macedonians".  Despite it applying to all citizens regardless of ethnicity. It has been enforced, in all but one case, only against citizens who identified themselves as members of the "Macedonian" minority. Dual citizens who are stripped of Greek citizenship under Article 20 of the citizenship code are sometimes prevented from entering Greece using the passport of their second nationality. Although since 1998 there have been no new reported cases of this occurring.In 1982 the Greek government enabled an Amnesty Law. Law 400/76 permitted the return and repatriation of the political refugees who had left Greece during the Greek Civil War. However, the ministerial decree stated that those free to return were "all Greeks by genus who during the Civil War of 1946–1949 and because of it have fled abroad as political refugees". This excluded many people who were not "Greeks by genus" such as the Bulgarians and ethnic Macedonians who had fled Greece following the Civil War. Those who identified themselves as something other than "Greek by genus" were not included in the law and were unable to resume their citizenship or property.

 Depopulation and loss of property 
One major effect of the Macedonian exodus from Northern Greece was the effect of depopulation on the region of Greek Macedonia. This was most markedly felt in the Florina, Kastoria, Kozani and Edessa areas where the Communist party was popular and where the largest concentrations of Slav Macedonians could be found.  Many of these depopulated and devastated villages and confiscated properties were given to people from outside of the area.  Vlachs and Greeks were given property in the resettlement programme conducted by the Greek Government from the period 1952–1958. Many properties were confiscated from those persons who had fled the war and had their citizenship subsequently stripped from them.
Law 1540/85 of April 10, 1985 stated that political refugees could regain property taken by the Greek government as long as they were "Greek by genus". This excluded many people who were not "Greek by genus", namely the Macedonian refugees who claimed that their ethnicity was not Greek.

 Denial of re-entry to Greece 
Many people who had fled the country were also denied visa for re-entry into Greece. The refugees planned on attending weddings, funerals and other events but were denied access to Greece. These measures were even extended to Australian and Canadian citizens, many of whom have been barred from entering Greece. There have been claims that exiles who left Greece were prevented from re-entering Greece when other nationals from the Republic of Macedonia had little or no difficulty when entering Greece. The Greek Helsinki Monitor has called on the Greek government to stop using articles of the Citizenship code to deprive, "non-ethnic Greeks", of their citizenship.

 Initiatives and organization 
The ex-partisans and refugee children have established institutions for refugee issues and the exodus of Slav Macedonians from Greece and in order to lobby the Greek government to allow their return to Greece and restoration of their human rights. Eight major "Deca Begalci" organizations have been set up by the Refugee Children and exiled Slav Macedonians. They have traditionally been orientated towards the ethnic Macedonian refugees, as most of the ethnic Greek refugees have rejoined mainstream Greek society.

 The World Reunion of Refugee Children 
The most notable event organized by ethnic Macedonian refugee children is the "Reunion of the Refugee Children" or the "World Congress of the Refugee Children." The first World Congress of the Refugee Children was held in July, 1988 in the city of Skopje. The second reunion was held in 1998 and the third was in 2003. The most recent and fourth World Congress of the refugee children from Greek Macedonia began on the 18th of July, 2008. This event gathers child refugees from all over the world. Many participants from Romania, Canada, Poland, the Czech Republic, Australia, the United States and Vojvodina attended the event.The First International Reunion of Child Refugees of Aegean Macedonia took place in Skopje between 30 June and 3 July. At the reunion the Association of Child Refugees from Greek Macedonia adopted a resolution urging the Greek government to allow Macedonian political refugees who left Greece after the Greek Civil War to return to Greece. In addition a large rally was held in Juna 1988 by the refugees who were forced to leave Greece in 1948. This was repeated again on August 10, 1988, the 75th anniversary of the Partition of Macedonia.The second world reunion was planned with the help of the Rainbow Party which has been involved in coordinating the event and reuniting many people with relatives which are still living in Greece. The World Reunion of 1998 included a trip to the Republic of Greece organized by Slav Macedonians living in Greece. The World Congress lasted in Skopje from 15 July to the 18th. A historic trip was scheduled for the Greek city of Edessa on the 19th. Although 30 people were barred entry from Greece despite having Canadian citizenship, allegedly due to their ethnic Macedonian identity and involvement in diaspora organizations.

 Other groups 
The Association of Refugee Children from the Aegean part of Macedonia (ARCAM) was founded by the refugee children in 1979 with the intention of reuniting all the former child refugees living throughout the whole world. It has worked closely with  The Association of the Macedonians from the Aegean Part of Macedonia. Its main aims were to lobby the Greek government in returning citizenship, and allowing visas for re-entry into Greece by the exiled Refugee Children; it was established in 1979 and helped organize the first World Reunion held by the refugees, which was held in Skopje. Chapters of ARCAM were soon established in Toronto, Adelaide, Perth, Melbourne, Skopje, Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia.Other groups founded by the Refugee Children include the Association of the Expelled Macedonians "Aegean", the Association of the Refugee Children – Republic of Macedonia and the Organization of the Macedonian Descendants from the Aegean Part of Macedonia – Bitola.

 List of notable refugees 
Vangel Ajanovski-Oče (1909–1996) – member of the National Liberation Front (Macedonia) and leader of SNOF
Kostas Axelos (1924–2010) – philosopher
Dimitar Dimitrov (1937-) – professor, philosopher, politician and writer
Charilaos Florakis (1914–2005) – Brigadier General of DSE, General Secretary of KKE since 1970, returned later in Greece
Risto Kirjazovski (1927–2008) – historian, scientist and publisher
Petros Kokkalis, doctor
Jagnula Kunovska (1943-) – jurist, politician and painter from Kastoria
Paskal Mitrevski (1912–1978) – Former president of the National Liberation Front
Dimitrios Partsalidis (1905–1980) – Member of the CC of KKE, returned later
Ljubka Rondova (1936–2016) – folk singer
Alexandros Rosios, returned later
Blagoj Shklifov (1935–2003) – phonologist and dialectologist
Andreas Tsipas (Andreja Čipov) (1904–1956) – communist leader
Andreas Tzimas
Markos Vafiadis (1906–1992) – Military Chief of DSE Supreme HQ, president of the Provisional Government, returned later
Ilios Yannakakis (1931-) – historian and politologist, professor emeritus
Iannis Xenakis (1922–2001) – composer and architect
Nikolaos Zachariadis (1903–1973) – General secretary of the Greek Communist Party
Martha (1946-) and Tena (1948-) Elefteriadu – popular Czech duo singers

 See also 
Greek Civil War
National Liberation Front (Macedonia)
Slavic speakers of Greek Macedonia
Greek Communist Party
Democratic Army of Greece

 References 

 External links 
Dangerous Citizens Online, the online version of Neni Panourgiá's Dangerous Citizens: The Greek Left and the Terror of the State (ISBN 978-0823229680)UK House of Commons, Oral answers to questions, Greece (Abducted Children), 27 June 1949 vol 466 cc754-6

Diet for a New America
Diet for a New America is a 1987 bestselling nonfiction book by John Robbins. The book links the impacts of factory farming on human health, animal welfare and the environment, in an "animal-rights, pro-environment, vegetarian message." In 1991, KCET produced it as the documentary, Diet for a New America: Your Health, Your Planet.

 Critical reception 
Colman McCarthy and Cleveland Amory compared the book to Rachel Carson's Silent Spring. In an editorial for The Washington Post and Finger Lakes Times McCarthy writes: "Robbins has written a book that is the pioneering match of Aldo Leopold's Sand County Almanac, John Rawls' A Theory of Justice, and Rachel Carson's Silent Spring."Marian Burros of The New York Times writes: "Much of what Mr. Robbins has to say about diet in this country is unremarkable: we eat too much meat and dairy products. Much of what Mr. Robbins has to say about the inhumane treatment of animals on factory farms is correct. But Mr. Robbins undermines his case by exaggerating; facts mix with factoids and anecdotes."In 1990, the Phil Donahue Show featured celebrities and John Robbins talking about vegetarianism and Diet for a New America.

 Influence 
In 1988, Robbins founded EarthSave, a non-profit organization promoting vegetarianism. Its purpose was to channel into action the reader response to Diet for a New America.

 Editions 
In 2012, a 25th anniversary edition of the book was released in paperback, audiobook, and electronic formats.

 Further reading 
Iacobbo, Karen; Iacobbo, Michael (2004). Vegetarian America: A History. Praeger. ISBN 978-0-313-36164-7.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

List of Minnesota Vikings head coaches
The Minnesota Vikings are a professional American football team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Vikings are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference in the National Football League (NFL). The club was founded by Minneapolis businessmen Bill Boyer, H. P. Skoglund and Max Winter in 1959 as a member of the American Football League. However, they forfeited their membership in January 1960 and became the National Football League's 14th franchise in 1961.There have been ten head coaches in the history of the franchise, beginning with Norm Van Brocklin, who was head coach for six seasons between 1961 and 1967. Van Brocklin's successor, Bud Grant, is the only coach to have had more than one tenure with the franchise, and also the only one to have won an NFL championship with the team, at the 1969 NFL Championship Game. Grant is the all-time leader in games coached (243), wins (151), and winning percentage (.620). Les Steckel has the worst winning percentage of the franchise's ten head coaches (.188), with just three wins in his only season in charge. Two Vikings coaches have been inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame: Grant and Van Brocklin, although Van Brocklin was elected for his playing career. Mike Tice is the only former Vikings player to have become a head coach for the franchise. Dennis Green was the first African American head coach in franchise history. Former defensive coordinator Leslie Frazier, who took over as interim head coach from Brad Childress after the latter was fired on November 22, 2010, was the team's head coach from January 3, 2011, until December 30, 2013, when he was fired after compiling a 21–32–1 record as head coach. On January 15, 2014, the Vikings appointed Mike Zimmer as the team's ninth head coach. He served for eight years until being fired on January 10, 2022, compiling a 72–56–1 record with the team. Two days after he helped the Los Angeles Rams to victory in Super Bowl LVI as their offensive coordinator, the Vikings signed Kevin O'Connell to be their 10th head coach in team history.

 History 
Following the Minnesota Vikings' admission to the National Football League, there were ultimately two candidates for the position of head coach: Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Norm Van Brocklin and Winnipeg Blue Bombers head coach Bud Grant. Van Brocklin was favored by three of the Vikings' five board members, and after discussions with the franchise management on January 18, Van Brocklin signed an initial three-year contract and was appointed as head coach on January 18, 1961. In Van Brocklin's first season in charge of the Vikings, the team won just three of their 14 games, a record that got worse before it got better. The team had a record of 2–11–1 in Van Brocklin's second season as head coach, but improved to 8–5–1 in the 1964 season. However, this was not enough to reach the NFL Championship Game as the team finished tied for second place in the Western Conference.By Van Brocklin's final season at the helm, his relationship with starting quarterback Fran Tarkenton had deteriorated to the point that the two could no longer work together. This resulted in Van Brocklin's resignation on February 11, 1967, shortly followed by Tarkenton being traded to the New York Giants. In the search for Van Brocklin's replacement, Vikings founder Max Winter and general manager Jim Finks re-approached Bud Grant, who joined the Minnesota side on March 10, 1967, after 10 seasons coaching the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. With a record of 8–6, the Vikings finished top of their division in Grant's second season in charge, reaching the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. However, they lost out to the Baltimore Colts 24–14 in their Western Conference Championship Game. The following year, they went two better by beating the Los Angeles Rams and the Cleveland Browns to claim the NFL Championship, before losing out to the Kansas City Chiefs 23–7 in Super Bowl IV. Nine more divisional titles followed in the next 11 seasons, including NFC Championships in 1973, 1974 and 1976, making Grant the first head coach to lead a team to four Super Bowls, although he won none of them.
Grant retired as head coach after the 1983 season, and was replaced by receivers coach Les Steckel in January 1984. However, under Steckel, the team had their worst season since 1962, only managing to win three of their 16 games in 1984. After Steckel was fired, Grant was coaxed out of retirement to replace him for the 1985 season. After Grant's second retirement, Vikings assistant coach Jerry Burns was named as his successor. Burns' tenure as head coach lasted for six seasons, including three playoff appearances, one of which resulted in a loss to the Washington Redskins in the 1987 NFC Championship Game.Burns retired from coaching at the end of the 1991 season, and the Vikings turned to Stanford Cardinal head coach Dennis Green as his successor, making Green the first African American head coach in franchise history. In the first nine years of Green's tenure with the Vikings, the closest he came to a losing record was an 8–8 record in 1995, the only season in which his team missed the playoffs. Three years later, Green's team played out the best season in franchise history, losing only to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on the way to a 15–1 record. The team received a bye to the Divisional Playoffs, in which they beat the Arizona Cardinals to set up a Conference Championship Game against the Atlanta Falcons. With six minutes left in the fourth quarter and the Vikings in the lead at 27–20, they drove down the field to set up a 38-yard field goal for kicker Gary Anderson, who had not missed a single kick all season. A successful kick would have given the Vikings a two-score lead with just over two minutes left to play, but Anderson hooked his kick wide left, allowing the Falcons to take the ball back downfield for a game-tying touchdown. They followed this with a field goal in overtime, denying the Vikings a fifth Super Bowl appearance.Green's 10th season at the Vikings helm turned out to be his final year in Minnesota; with a 5–10 record with one game remaining in the 2001 season, the Vikings management bought out the final two years of Green's contract and promoted offensive line coach and former tight end Mike Tice to the top job for the final game of the season. Tice remained in the job for a further four seasons, but only reached the playoffs once, losing out to the Philadelphia Eagles in the Divisional Playoffs of the 2004 season. Tice's contract was allowed to expire at the end of the 2005 season, and he was quickly replaced by Eagles offensive coordinator Brad Childress. After Childress' first season in charge, the Vikings' regular season record improved by two wins a season from 6–10 in 2006 to 12–4 in 2009. They reached the playoffs as NFC North champions in consecutive years in 2008 and 2009; they lost out to Childress' former team, the Eagles, in the 2008 NFC Wildcard game, but beat the Dallas Cowboys in the 2009 Divisional game to reach their first NFC Championship Game since 2000. However, they lost to the New Orleans Saints and missed out on the Super Bowl. The following season, the Vikings picked up just three wins in their first 10 games; after the seventh defeat of the season, Childress was fired and defensive coordinator Leslie Frazier took over as interim head coach. Frazier was named head coach on a permanent basis on January 3, 2011, but his first full season in charge saw the Vikings finish with a 3–13 record. The following year saw a dramatic turnaround as the Vikings finished at 10–6 in 2012, just edging out the Chicago Bears to make the playoffs as the NFC's sixth seed with a win over the Green Bay Packers in week 17; however, the team slumped again in 2013, as a final 5–10–1 record ultimately saw Frazier fired on December 30, 2013.On January 15, 2014, the Vikings announced the hiring of the Cincinnati Bengals' defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer as head coach, and in his first year at the helm, the team finished at 7–9, just missing the playoffs. The Vikings again improved to 11–5 in 2015, beating the Packers in week 17 to win the NFC North for the first time since 2009 and snapping a streak of five consecutive titles by Green Bay; however, they went on to lose to the Seattle Seahawks in the wildcard round of the playoffs. After going 5–0 to start the 2016 season (which was their first season in their newly completed U.S. Bank Stadium) despite a slew of injuries, the team won just three games after their bye week and finished 8–8. In 2017, Zimmer led the team to a 13–3 record and a first-round bye on the way to the NFC Championship Game against the Eagles, who won 38–7, leaving the Vikings just short of becoming the first team ever to reach a Super Bowl played in their own stadium. Zimmer's Vikings posted back-to-back losing seasons in 2020 and 2021, and on January 10, 2022, he was fired with a record of just three playoff appearances and two division titles in his eight seasons with the team. Los Angeles Rams offensive coordinator Kevin O'Connell was appointed as Zimmer's replacement in February 2022, shortly after helping the Rams to victory in Super Bowl LVI.

 Head coaches 
Note: Statistics are correct as of the end of the 2023 NFL season.

 Notes 

 References 

Se-ma-for
Se-ma-for is a Polish film and animation studio. Founded in Łódź, Poland in 1947, the company has created many animated cartoons and stop motion animations for young and older audiences. The name, meaning literally Se-ma-phore, is an acronym of Studio Małych Form Filmowych - Studio of Small Film Forms. The studio was defuncted in 2018.
Its most famous productions include the children's shows: Miś Uszatek, Tots TV, Przygody misia Colargola, The Moomins (pol. Opowiadania Muminków), Troubles the Cat, Przygody kota Filemona, Przygód kilka wróbla Ćwirka, Zaczarowany ołówek, and the film Peter and the Wolf.
Józef Skrobiński worked at this studio for some time.
From June 2008 to September 2016, the studio was located at ul. Targowa 1/3 on the premises of the old EC1 heat and power plant, where the National Center for Film Culture was established. In September 2016, the studio and the Animation Museum moved to the WIMA post-industrial complex at al. Piłsudskiego 135. In 2017, the studio was moved to the building at ul. Sienkiewicza 100, where it operated until May 2018. In May 2018, after the president's resignation and his departure from Poland, the studio's activity was suspended.

 Peter and the Wolf 
 
In February 2008, one of its short animated films, Peter and the Wolf directed by Suzie Templeton and Marek Skrobecki as the chief set designer and co-director, received the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. It was the second Oscar-winning film made by the studio - the first came in the same category in 1982 – Tango by Zbigniew Rybczyński.
The principal photography was shot entirely in within the Se-ma-for animation studios in Łódź, Poland.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

List of programs broadcast by PBS Kids
The following is a list of programs that are currently airing or have formerly aired on public television in the United States on the 24/7 PBS Kids Channel (the original channel and its revival) and the PBS Kids block on local PBS stations.

 Current programming 
1 Co-distributed by Amazon Prime Video, the official streaming partner for PBS Kids programming.
2 Ended but still airing reruns.

 Original programming 

 Local reruns 
The following programs are currently airing on select local PBS stations only. They are no longer distributed nationally, though are still available for local stations to air independently.

 Programming from American Public Television 
The following programs are distributed by American Public Television, not PBS itself. These programs are broadcast by select local PBS stations.

 Programming from NETA 
The following programs are distributed by National Educational Telecommunications Association, not PBS itself. These programs are broadcast by select local PBS stations.

 Interstitial programming 
The following interstitials run for a minute and are usually shown at the start or end of a traditional, full-form program.

 Web series and short-form programming 

 Blocks 

 Upcoming programming 

 Original programming 

 Former programming 
1 Co-distributed by Amazon Prime Video, the official streaming partner for PBS Kids programming.

 PTV 

 Original programming 

 Programming from American Program Service 

 Acquired programming 

 Blocks 

 PBS Kids 

 Original programming 

 Programming from American Public Television 
The following programs were distributed by American Public Television, not PBS itself. These programs were broadcast by select local PBS stations.

 Acquired programming 

 Interstitial programming 

 Web series and short-form programming 

 Blocks 

 Special programming 
Programs with marked with an asterisk (*) have been featured on the Family Night weekend primetime block on PBS Kids 24/7.

 Special programming from American Public Television 

 Acquired special programming 

 See also 
List of programs broadcast by PBS
List of programs broadcast by American Public Television

 Notes 

 References 

Hank Schrader
Henry R. "Hank" Schrader ASAC () is a fictional character of the AMC drama series Breaking Bad and a supporting character in its spin-off series Better Call Saul. He is portrayed by Dean Norris and was created by series creator Vince Gilligan. Hank's character development over the course of the series and Norris's performance have been critically acclaimed.

 Character biography 
Henry R. Schrader is the brother-in-law of main character Walter White, and is a Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) agent in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Throughout the series, he leads the investigation of the methamphetamine cook "Heisenberg"—unaware that the elusive drug kingpin is his own brother-in-law. Hank is also faced with numerous threats from the rival drug cartels, which take a toll on his mental health as the series progresses; and eventually starts taking more extreme measures to find "Heisenberg" and arrest him.

 Background 
Hank was a special agent with the DEA, where he rose through the ranks to become the supervisor of all investigations handled by his Albuquerque office, under the watchful eye of ASAC George Merkert (Michael Shamus Wiles) and SAC Ramey. He is married to Marie (Betsy Brandt), with whom he has no children. He is close to his family-by-marriage, the Whites: Walt, his wife (and Marie's sister) Skyler (Anna Gunn), and their son Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte). In contrast with the mild-mannered Walt, Hank is extroverted, ambitious, and apparently fearless, eager to take on dangerous investigations to further his career. Beneath his tough, unflappable exterior, however, he struggles with some of his own vulnerabilities: he had cold feet when it came to marrying Marie, and despite his ambition, he is afraid to move outside his comfort zone at work, primarily due to the effects of PTSD since killing Tuco Salamanca and subsequent bloody encounters during drug busts in El Paso.
As a hobby, Hank home brews his own beer, which he bottles under the name "Schraderbräu". After he gets shot by the Salamanca cousins, he spends part of season 4 taking up mineral collecting, much to Marie's chagrin.

 Better Call Saul 

 Season 5 

When Domingo Molina (later to be known as "Krazy-8") is arrested on drug possession, he spends two days in jail and then announces he is willing to inform to the DEA to make a deal with prosecutors. Hank and his partner Steven Gomez arrive to interrogate him. Just as Domingo is prepared to give out a list of dead drops that belong to Gus Fring's drug operation, Saul Goodman interrupts the meeting acting as Domingo's lawyer. Hank immediately is suspicious of this and believes there are no dead drops, but Saul's fast-talking leads to Hank accepting to release Domingo into his protection as a personal CI after getting and confirming Domingo's information on the dead drops. Hank and Steven leave, unaware this was a ruse by Saul, at Lalo Salamanca's command, not only to get Domingo out of jail before he could talk about the Salamanca drug operation but to expose their competitors to the DEA. Though Nacho Varga warns Gus Fring about this, he is unable to act without alerting Lalo to the mole in his organization.

 Breaking Bad 

 Season 1 

During Walt's fiftieth birthday party, Hank shows off a news report covering a meth bust that he had led. Later, Walt takes up Hank's offer to go on a ride-along. Based on a tip from Krazy-8, Hank's team raids a meth lab while Walt stays in the car, where he witnesses his former student Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) escaping the bust but does not say anything to Hank. Secretly, Walt engages with Jesse to start to produce their own meth using chemistry equipment from the school Walt teaches at. Due to the precursors they used, the product gains a unique blue tint and has extremely high purity. Walt takes the name "Heisenberg" as he and Jesse sell the blue meth to the local drug trade. The blue meth and "Heisenberg" quickly draw the attention of Hank and the DEA. Hank's initial lead traces back to Walt's school, but Hank wrongly arrests the school janitor.
Hank generally teases Walt through this period. However, when Walt tells the family that he is suffering from inoperable lung cancer, Hank promises to be there for him, and to take care of Walter Jr. and Walt's unborn daughter should he die. He also takes Walter Jr. under his wing, trying to "scare him straight" when he believes Walter Jr. is smoking marijuana. Walt explains his association with Jesse to Skyler by falsely confessing to buying marijuana from Jesse. This information soon makes its way to Marie, and then to Hank.

 Season 2 

After a drug deal goes bad, Walt and Jesse are kidnapped by the unstable Tuco Salamanca (Raymond Cruz) and taken to a remote abode with his uncle, retired drug cartel boss Hector Salamanca (Mark Margolis). Hank helps with efforts to find Walt, and traces him via Jesse to Tuco's abode. Just before Hank arrives, Walt and Jesse manage to escape, wounding Tuco in the process. Hank kills Tuco in a shootout and arrests Hector. Meanwhile, Walt and Jesse flee back to Albuquerque, where Walt explains his disappearance to Skyler as the result of a fugue state. Hank questions Hector about the blue meth and Heisenberg, but Hector refuses to answer. Hank also questions Jesse, but Jesse provides no conclusive statements to provide leads to Heisenberg.
Hank is promoted and transferred to the El Paso, Texas DEA office for killing Tuco. Though initially happy, Hank quickly realizes he doesn't fit in with his Spanish-speaking colleagues and also starts having panic attacks. During a joint DEA/Mexican police operation, an informant, Tortuga (Danny Trejo), is beheaded and his head used to hide an explosive, killing several DEA agents and officers; Hank escapes unharmed as he had fled on having a panic attack upon seeing the head of the informant. Hank develops symptoms of PTSD and transfers back to the Albuquerque office to continue his investigation into the blue meth.
Meanwhile, Walt and Jesse, having lost the Salamancas for selling meth, have engaged with Jesse's friends. One, Badger (Matt L. Jones), gets caught in a police sting, and Hank presses hard on Badger to reveal Heisenberg's identity. Walt gets help from the fast-talking lawyer Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) to get a fall guy to act as Heisenberg, but Badger fingers the wrong person while Hank and his team look on. Walt and Jesse rush in to obstruct Hank's view to correct Badger in time. While Saul's hired Heisenberg is arrested, Hank suspects the real Heisenberg remains at large.

 Season 3 

Hank remains committed to finding the identity of Heisenberg, but his superiors start to believe the case is unsolvable and want him to move on to other investigations. He picks up a lead on the case after Jesse uses some of the blue meth to pay for gas for the  recreational vehicle he and Walt use to cook the product. Hank investigates all RVs in Albuquerque through the DMV and finds an RV without a renewed registration. Hank tracks the RV down to the mother of Jesse's deceased friend Christian "Combo" Ortega, who had been killed while selling blue meth on a rival gang's territory. As he surveils Jesse, Hank calls Walt for information on his former student, giving Walt the opportunity to get the RV to a junkyard before he can find it. Hank follows Jesse to the junkyard, where Jesse and Walt hide in the RV. Walt gives instructions to Jesse to prevent Hank from entering the RV legally and gets Saul to lure Hank away from the junkyard by phoning him with a fake claim about Marie being hospitalized. He abruptly leaves, allowing them to crush the RV in the meantime, destroying the evidence. After learning that the accident was a hoax, an infuriated Hank goes to Jesse's home and assaults him. Jesse is hospitalized and threatens to sue, while Hank is suspended from the DEA without pay.
As Hank is leaving his disciplinary meeting, he receives an anonymous call from Gus Fring, warning him that he is about to be killed by Leonel and Marco Salamanca (Daniel and Luis Moncada) in revenge for killing Tuco; though Gus has told the brothers to target Hank instead of Walt, Gus's intention is the destruction of the Salamancas and their cartel. Hank is able to kill one brother and mortally wound the other, but he himself becomes temporarily paralyzed from the waist down after the gunfight, with the doctors fearing he may become paraplegic without physical therapy. Marie finds their insurance will not cover this, and Walt and Skyler agree to help cover the costs, unbeknownst to Hank.

 Season 4 

Hank struggles through his recovery due to his helplessness, harshly lashing out at Marie, and tries to collect minerals to pass the time. His interest is piqued when the Albuquerque Police Department asks him to help with looking over evidence from the murder of Gale Boetticher (David Costabile), who had been Walt's lab assistant at Gus's meth superlab under an industrial laundry. Among the evidence is a lab notebook with Gale's notes on the construction of the lab, the synthesis of meth, and other details that lead Hank to believe Gale was Heisenberg. During a shared dinner, Hank talks about Gale's notebook, and Walt drunkenly suggests Gale was merely copying the real Heisenberg's work.
Hank is curious at this comment, and reviewing the evidence again, makes a connection between Gale and Gus. Hank, only just starting to physically recover, leans on Walt to help him investigate Gus's activities, the Los Pollos Hermanos restaurant chain and its parent company, Madrigal Electromotive, and properties they own in Albuquerque, including the industrial laundry. Walt panics knowing that this not only may lead Hank to discover that he is Heisenberg but may lead to Gus taking deadly action to end Hank's investigation, as his relationship with Gus was already strained over Gale's murder. Walt has Saul fake a threat on Hank's life, and the DEA arranges for around-the-clock protection for Hank's and Walt's families, temporarily halting Hank's investigation. This also allows Walt to operate without interference to take out Gus by working with Hector after learning he and Gus are nemeses. Hector claims to want to talk to the DEA, and Hank is brought under protection to help with the interview, but Hector then refuses to cooperate and is returned to the nursing home. This was part of Walt's plan as Gus, learning of Hector's interview, goes to see Hector, upon which Hector triggers a pipe bomb Walt had planted on his wheelchair, killing them both. Walt and Jesse subsequently destroy the superlab.

 Season 5 

 Part 1 
The destruction of the superlab leads to evidence directly tying to Gus and the drug trade, and Hank is heralded as a hero. They secure a laptop from Gus's office and put it into police evidence. On learning of this, Walt and Jesse with help from Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) use a giant electromagnet to try to wipe the laptop, making a mess of the evidence room. The police find nothing on the laptop but from a picture frame broken in the destruction, the numbers to several accounts of Gus's that point to Mike's informants that have been helping to keep the drug trade secret. By this point, Hank's superiors have concluded that Gus was Heisenberg and tell Hank to drop the case, but Hank still believes there is more and wants to pursue the informants tied to the accounts. Walt is forced to kill Mike to get the informants' names and arrange for their murders before they can be questioned, without worrying about retaliation from Mike afterwards.
Several months pass, in which Walt has accumulated over $70 million and has left the drug trade. With no blue meth on the streets and no leads, Hank has given up his investigation and moved on. At dinner at the Whites, Hank goes to the bathroom and while there, pages through a copy of Leaves of Grass by Walt Whitman that Gale had given Walter. He recognizes the handwriting from Gale's notebook, and from Gale's dedication to Walt, referring to him as his "other favorite W.W.". Hank is shocked to conclude that Walt is Heisenberg.

 Part 2 
Hank feigns a stomach bug to leave early, taking the copy of Leaves of Grass with him and suffering another panic attack. Later, he sneaks a GPS onto Walt's car. Walt discovers the copy of the book missing and the GPS device, similar to the one used to track Gus, and confronts Hank. Hank asserts Walt is Heisenberg, but Walt neither confirms nor denies, only that his cancer has returned and by the time Hank can prove anything, he will be dead. Hank demands Walt to tell Skyler and the children to stay with him, but Walt refuses. Hank tries to talk to Skyler, but she stays silent about what she knows. Marie learns some details through Skyler, but Hank still has insufficient evidence to go forward against Walt.
Jesse is arrested and Hank tries to convince Jesse to speak out against Walt, but Jesse refuses, still angered over Hank's prior assault. Walt crafts a DVD that appears to be a self-confession from Hank that he is Heisenberg, threatening to release it if Hank does not stop trying to interfere with his family. Hank also realizes that his post-shooting physical therapy was paid for with Walt's drug money, making him an accessory after the fact. After a falling out between Walt and Jesse, Hank approaches Jesse and convinces him they should work together to take down Walt.  Hank initially tries to have Jesse meet with Walt while wearing a wire tap, but Jesse backs out at the last minute, fearing Walt will kill him. Instead, Jesse suggests they target Walt's money, which they know has been hidden as cash somewhere locally. After trying to locate it on their own, Hank has Jesse call Walt pretending to have found the money and preparing to destroy it. Walt takes off to the money, buried on the Tohajiilee Indian Reservation, and when he finds it intact, realizes Jesse has fooled him, and orders a hit on Jesse through Jack Welker (Michael Bowen). Jesse soon arrives with Hank and Gomez, and Walt tries to call off the hit, preparing to surrender himself to Hank. However, Jack's Neo-Nazi gang arrive before then, and a firefight breaks out, which kills Gomez and critically wounds Hank. Walt pleads to Jack to spare Hank's life, offering his entire fortune to Jack. Hank refuses to beg for his life and asks Walt how such an intelligent man could be too naive to see that Jack had already made his decision. Hank then tells Jack to do what he has to do and Jack kills him with a shot to the head. Jack's men bury Hank and Gomez's bodies in the hole Walt had stored his money, stealing most of it but leaving one barrel totaling approximately $10M for Walt.

 Post Breaking Bad 
During the final episodes of Better Call Saul, taking place in 2010, it is learned that Skyler used the lottery ticket that identified the location of Hank and Gomez's bodies to negotiate a deal with authorities. In the final episode, Marie accuses Saul of enabling Walter and the events that led to Hank's murder. During his trial a repentant Saul forgoes the deal and confesses the full extent of his involvement in Walt's drug empire and acknowledges the role he played in causing the deaths associated with Walt including Hank and Gomez, shocking both Marie and Gomez's widow Blanca but giving them final closure.

 Casting and creation 
Prior to being cast in Breaking Bad, Dean Norris had a history of being typecast as law enforcement and military type characters. Norris reasons "I guess you have a certain look, it's kind of an authoritative law enforcement-type look, and that look is certainly the first thing that people cast you with before you get a chance to do some acting." Vince Gilligan had talked to an actual DEA agent about creating Hank's character.

 Development 
Critics have commented on the character's development. NPR writes of his character's evolution "Hank Schrader has evolved from a knuckleheaded jock into a complex, sympathetic and even heroic counterpoint to the show's anti-hero, [...] Walter White." Mary Kaye Schilling of Vulture opines "It's thanks to [Norris] that Breaking Bad's Hank Schrader has gone from a cliché-spewing booya DEA agent — essentially comic relief — to a savvy, vulnerable mensch who could be the show's ultimate hero." Norris notes the realism of Hank's "tough cop" and "cliché machine" persona, comparing his mannerisms to his best friend growing up, also a cop. Norris explains that people with jobs in law enforcement have to put on a bravado facade because they have to deal with unscrupulous people all day; the only other option would be to let the job affect them personally, which would compromise their effectiveness.Gilligan says Hank was supposed to be a "hail fellow well met and a figure of worship for Walt, Jr.," but developed him when he realized how "smart, sensitive, and well educated" Norris was. Norris and Gilligan both wanted Hank to be smart and capable; "Otherwise," Norris said, "he's just a doofus and you'll dismiss him." Norris notes that Hank bullies Walt in the pilot and the first season, and makes racist jokes about his DEA partner Steven Gomez. However, his racist jokes toward Gomez were toned down as the series progressed and were turned into good-natured ribbing.Sean Collins of Rolling Stone considered Hank in the pilot to be an "obnoxious blowhard". Gilligan had not considered the character as much more than a foil to Walt at first. However, as Gilligan got to know Norris, he developed Hank into a "more nuanced and complex character" who makes both "personal and professional growth".Frazier Moore of The Associated Press writes of Hank's introduction in the pilot; "Hank seemed a potentially problematic character. With his cocky, macho style, he was perilously close to a stereotype"; however, he has said "Norris has brought depth and nuance to his character, emerging as fully the equal of his fine fellow cast mates [...] as he displayed not just braggadocio but also emotional trauma." Norris and Gilligan admitted that Hank began as a "mechanical construct" whose main purpose was to provide comic relief.Hank begins showing signs of post-traumatic stress disorder in "Breakage" after killing Tuco Salamanca in "Grilled", the first deconstruction of his "tough cop" persona. Norris attributed the PTSD to the fact that it is actually very rare for law enforcement officers to draw their weapons, let alone kill someone in a combat situation. Mary Kaye Schilling praised the way the writers handled the PTSD and how they waited an entire season to explain the cause of it. Noel Murray of The A.V. Club compared season 1-era Hank to a "veiled (and unacknowledged) Vic Mackey parody," but praised his development which began with his suffering PTSD. Seth Amitin of IGN noted that Hank's PTSD humanized the character, as Amitin thought of him as an "emotional rock" who is usually unfazed. However, Amitin thought that Hank's humanization and inner struggle fit in with the other character's arcs and the series' themes.Emily Nussbaum of The New Yorker writes of Hank's fight with Walt, the series "placed Hank, once a minor, comic character on the show, dead center in the role of hero." Graeme Virtue of The Guardian writes Norris "evolved his character Hank Schrader from cocksure DEA meathead to the closest thing the show has to a moral center."Hank went through significant character development in the third season episode, "One Minute". Norris felt that Hank's self-realization in the episode was the turning point toward his becoming a better man, and set the stage for his decisions later in the series; Norris opined that "Hank wants a clean soul." Norris kept tearing up while filming a particularly dramatic speech, though the director kept telling him not to. Norris was eventually filmed from the side to obscure the fact that he was crying.In the early fourth season episodes, Hank is bedridden after being shot multiple times in the chest by Tuco Salamanca's cousins and is increasingly hostile toward Marie while she tries to take care of him. Gilligan and the writers liked the idea of Hank not acting heroically or noble in his suffering. The writers felt this arc would be most true to Hank's character.When asked about how Hank could have not known his brother-in-law was Heisenberg, Norris said that Walt was Hank's blind spot; Hank had this preconceived notion of a drug kingpin in his head and it did not coincide with his image of Walt as meek and oblivious. After Hank finally discovers that Walt is Heisenberg, Norris had to balance betrayal with rage, citing the hurt of Walt's betrayal of his trust as his most significant emotion. Norris said that, in the episode "Blood Money," Hank's emotions finally take over.Norris has said that he thinks Hank's moral code is concretely defined in "One Minute," when he accepts the consequences for assaulting Jesse even though he could have gotten away with it. In an interview during the first half of season 5, Norris expressed his puzzlement at viewers who "don't know who to root for", and that he sees Walt as a straightforward villain.Norris asked Gilligan to kill Hank off midway through the fifth season, as Norris had already booked a comedy pilot before he knew AMC would stretch the fifth into two years. Gilligan declined his request, as Hank's arc was integral to the series' final episodes. When the spin-off Better Call Saul was first announced, Norris initially stated that he wasn't interested in appearing, saying that he felt the Breaking Bad story was complete and that a spin-off would be unnecessary.Peter Gould was initially hesitant to include Hank in Better Call Saul since the character had primarily been developed and written by Gilligan, who despite serving as co-executive producer had not been in the writer's room for the show since Season 3. Despite his earlier lukewarm reception to the spin-off Dean Norris himself, however, welcomed playing the version of Hank before he became afflicted with PTSD and depression. He particularly enjoyed the on-screen reunion with Steve Gomez actor Steven Michael Quezada.
While conceiving the story for El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie, Gilligan considered to include Hank in the story, feeling that his inclusion would have been great, but ultimately desisted from the idea due to his feelings that the film should focus only in the most important characters in Jesse Pinkman's life, which Hank wasn't.

 Reception 
Hank's development as a character and Norris's performance have both received critical acclaim. Frank Girardot of Pasadena Star-News, an old friend of Norris', says that he watched Norris grow into the role, and praised him as "a damn good actor. Certainly the best on TV right now."Dean Norris's acting in "Blood Money", especially the climactic scene where Hank confronts Walt over the latter's identity as Heisenberg, was lauded by critics. James Poniewozik of TIME wrote "Norris and Cranston are both eye magnets here, and the force just arcs between them as your attention is drawn irresistibly to both at once." Cinema Blend's Kelly West said Walt and Hank's conversation might have been one of the "most heated and emotional moments of the series," praising Cranston and Norris. David Berry of National Post and Scott Meslow of The Week also praised Norris. Steve Marsi of TV Fanatic wrote of the climax "Dean Norris's expressions conveyed how dismayed, distraught, vengeful and stunned he was at the same time." TVLine named Dean Norris the "Performer of the Week" for his work in "Blood Money." In doing so, TVLine highlighted Hank's development over the course of the series, citing the character's evolution from "an unapologetic blowhard" in the pilot to "someone you truly want to see win."
Ross Douthat of The New York Times called Hank the hero of Breaking Bad and wrote that "one of the show's most impressive and important achievements has been the construction of a compelling, interesting, entertaining good person, capable of competing with Walter White, the anti-hero, for the audience's attention and interest and affection."In 2011, Norris was nominated at the 37th Saturn Awards for Best Supporting Actor on Television for the third season, but lost to John Noble for his performance as Dr. Walter Bishop in Fringe.

 References 

 External links 
Hank Schrader at AMC.com

Colourscape
Colourscapes are large air-supported colour sculptures where Color is used to make an active space, to make a double-edged space beyond measurement. Visitors to Colourscapes, wearing coloured cloaks, choose the journey they make through the interconnected chambers, becoming part of the sculpture, as the colour they wear changes as they move, dynamically altering the space that others see. Inside Colourscape, people are entirely surrounded by colour, which is transmitted from the inner surfaces as daylight filters through the plastic membrane from which Colourscape is made. This immersion in colour is an intense experience giving rise to interesting perceptual phenomena and emotional richness.
The first Colourscape was made in 1971 by Peter Jones, and since 1978 Lynne Dickens has collaborated with him. While experimenting with various methods of displaying the structures, their partnership (Cwmni Colourscape) has created more intricate and substantial Colourscapes. From 1977 on, they worked with musicians, dancers, and singers to explore the connection between color, sound, and movement. 36 distinct Colorscapes have been created and displayed since 1971 in the UK, Ireland, Australia, Germany, Austria, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Belgium, Switzerland, and Finland, among other countries.
Colourscapes are hand-tailored from flexible vinyl sheet. They are part welded, using high frequency machines and part hand made, using liquid and other glues.
The largest Colourscape (Festival 1) was made in 1994/1995, as a commission from the Nettlefold Trust (later becoming EyeMusic Trust), by the directors Simon Desorgher and Lawrence Casserley. Previous to this, since 1989 Colourscapes had been used once a year by the Nettlefold Festival as a venue for performance, and from 1995 the Colourscape Music Festival was born and continues on Clapham Common and other places. The collaboration between Cwmni Colourscape and EyeMusic has also led to other commissions. The smallest Colourscapes are specifically created for schools workshops. In 2011, there are 6 Colourscapes in existence.
Over the years, Colourscapes have been visited by thousands of people and Cwmni Colourscape now has a `social document` of visitors comments showing a shifting awareness of colour over the years. The belief that colour is powerful, capable of changing perception, stimulating creativity and that it is important to give people a harmonious and beautiful experience remains at the heart of Colourscapes` existence. Also, the form of Colourscapes made it possible to have an installation in public places that is accessible to many.

 References 
`Studio International` 1968 and 1972; Art and Australia 1981; `Link` 1983; `Golwg` 1990; `Wind` Japan 1996; `Art and Society`, Japan 1997;
`Architekture Bauforum`, Austria 2000; `Jalouse`, France 2000; L`Architecture D`Aujourdhui, France 2001;
`Being in Colour`, publication in `Into the Light`, a section of `Colour for Architecture Today` by Tom Porter and Byron Mikellides 2009.

Tommy Reid (pastor)
Thomas Fenton Reid is an American pastor and evangelist who pastored and helped build, alongside his father, one of the largest Christian churches in the world and the Full Gospel Tabernacle located in Orchard Park, New York. Currently he resides in Colden, New York.

 Early life and career 
Reverend Reid was born in Buffalo, New York to pastor Al Reid and his wife, Yolanda.  After surviving polio as a young child, Tommy started full-time ministry in 1953, and travelled with his father across the world to Seoul in South Korea.  There, he assisted pastor Paul Cho at the Yoido Full Gospel Church.

 Ministry in the Philippines 
After his success in Seoul, in 1959, at the age of 26, Reid was named the senior pastor and leader of the Cathedral of Praise, then the Bethel Temple of Manila, the largest pentecostal church in the world.

 Return to Buffalo 
Upon returning to Buffalo, Tommy Reid became the senior pastor and leader of the Full Gospel Tabernacle, a small church located in South Buffalo of about 120 people. During this time, the Charismatic movement swept through Buffalo and the Full Gospel Tabernacle grew from a small 120 member congregation to a massive 800 member congregation in one week. The church quickly became the largest pentecostal church in the United States, which prompted Reid to author his book, The Exploding Church.  In 1977, the Buffalo School of the Bible was founded on the Tabernacle campus, training young people on how to become ministers and religious leaders He was named as Bishop of the Tabernacle, a title he would hold until 2013, when he appointed Eagles Wings Ministries founder Robert Stearns as his successor.  Reid then took the title of Bishop emeritus.Tommy befriended many evangelists during his time as senior leader of the Full Gospel Tabernacle, including Paula White, Paul Crouch, Jim Bakker, Oral Roberts, Jack Hayford and Benny Hinn.  Hinn used to minister monthly at the Tabernacle.A short film, entitled "How to Live Out a Dream" was made based on Reid's book of the same name.  Pastor Paul Crouch did the introduction to the film.

 Personal life 
Bishop Reid is married to Wanda, and has one child, Aimee Sych, who is the worship pastor at the Full Gospel Tabernacle.He resides in Colden, New York, a small town outside of Buffalo.

 References 

Gary Holton
Gary Frederick Holton (22 September 1952 – 25 October 1985) was a British singer-songwriter, musician and actor from London. He was the frontman of the band Heavy Metal Kids (1972–1977), worked with Casino Steel (1981–1984), and played the part of Wayne (a.k.a. London) in the UK television comedy Auf Wiedersehen, Pet (1983–1985). Holton died from an overdose of morphine combined with alcohol in 1985.

 Early life 
Gary Holton was born in Clapham, south London, the first child of Ernie and Joan Holton, and grew up in Kennington. Whilst musically talented, and a member of a rock band as a schoolboy at Beaufoy School, Lambeth, his real ambition was to act.
Early on in his life, Holton began working in the theatre world with the Sadler's Wells Opera Company, debuting in opera appearances aged eleven, and was with them for three years. In 1966 he had a part in Congreve's Love For Love with Laurence Olivier, and at fourteen played the title role in Menotti's Amahl and the Night Visitors. Soon after leaving education at Westminster School, he joined the Old Vic Theatre Company, and from there he went on to work with the Royal Shakespeare Company at Stratford.
At seventeen, he joined the touring company of Hair, and remained with them for two years. When he left the company, his musical talents led him to front the rock band Heavy Metal Kids as vocalist.

 Acting career 

 Early roles 
Holton made his screen acting debut in 1979, when he played the character of Eddie Hairstyle in the television movie The Knowledge with Michael Elphick and Kim Taylforth. Holton did not receive much credit for this role, nor for his role as an uncredited character in the film Quadrophenia, released the same year. However, after appearing in the television series Shoestring, Holton played the lead part of Ken in the 1979 film Bloody Kids.
In 1980, he played the character of Keith in an episode of television series Play for Today, and as a minor character in the film Breaking Glass. He appeared as a  minor character in the 1981 television film Tiny Revolutions, and guest-starred as Rick Sloan in the television series The Gentle Touch.
Holton also sang the theme tune to 1980s British children's drama, Murphy's Mob, which was produced by Central Television.

 Auf Wiedersehen, Pet 

Playing the part of Wayne Winston Norris in the popular comedy drama Auf Wiedersehen, Pet, Holton played a Cockney carpenter, nicknamed "London" by Oz. The character Norris liked his women, music and drink, which was similar to his off-screen personality.He landed the part, the first of the seven main characters to be cast, after he was introduced to Ian La Frenais at a party. La Frenais and his writing partner Dick Clement had been drafting storylines and working on an idea given to them by Franc Roddam, who was the director of Quadrophenia.
The first series of Auf Wiedersehen, Pet ran between 1983 and 1984. In February 1985, filming began on the second series. The final episode of the second series, broadcast after Holton's death, was dedicated to his memory.
The show was revived in 2002 with the original writers and all of the surviving cast members. The gap in the line-up left by Holton was filled by Wyman, Wayne's illegitimate son, played by Noel Clarke.

 Other roles 
While acting on Auf Wiedersehen, Pet, Holton had only two other roles. He appeared in the TV series Minder, in which he played villain Barry, in 1984. He also briefly appeared in the first episode of the television series Bulman the following year. He also appeared in an episode of Shoestring filmed in Bristol.
Holton was offered the role of villain 'Nasty' Nick Cotton in the television soap opera EastEnders, but he turned down the role and it was instead given to Holton's friend John Altman, who bore a strong resemblance to him, and would go on to succeed him as the lead singer of the Heavy Metal Kids.

 Musical career 

 Solo 
His musical endeavours were confined to strict one-offs for a while: in December 1978, Holton stood in for The Damned vocalist Dave Vanian on a short Scottish tour; and he also recorded a solo single (which became a number one hit in Norway), a punk-country version of Kenny Rogers's "Ruby, Don't Take Your Love to Town" with the Boys' keyboardist Casino Steel, with whom he would later write a song simply titled "Auf Wiedersehen Pet" about his experiences in the show. Holton and Steel recorded three albums together, all of them doing well in Norway. But even the opportunity to replace the late Bon Scott in AC/DC could not lure him back to full-time rock & roll. He made an appearance on the TV programme The Tube in 1984 with a band named as The Actors, which included fellow Quadrophenia star Gary Shail on bass guitar, and they performed a song entitled "Long-Legged Blue-Eyed Blonde". In 1985 he was also briefly in a band he formed with Glen Matlock and James Stevenson called The Gang Show.

 Heavy Metal Kids 

Gary was the front-man for the band, which formed in 1972. With his cockney accent, he became a popular glam rock singer. The band were discovered by former Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick & Tich front-man Dave Dee, who signed them to Atlantic Records. Their eponymous debut album was well received by the press, but had achieved limited sales. They later played many gigs with punk rock band The Adverts. On their first American tour in 1975, they shortened their name to "The Kids".
In December 1975, the group signed with producer Mickie Most's RAK label but before work could begin on their next album, Holton was sacked amid a storm of drink- and drug-related headlines. Plans for the remaining members to continue on without him came to nothing. In late 1977, Holton rejoined the band for a handful of live shows and the long-delayed third album, Kitsch. However, by mid-1978, he had departed once again and the band broke up.
Whilst the band was popular in Sweden, they had little commercial success in Britain although in 1976 their single "She's No Angel" was regularly played on BBC Radio 1, a favourite of DJ John Peel, and this led to an appearance on Top of the Pops. The lack of commercial success led to the break-up of the band and Holton returned to acting.

 Holton/Steel 
In 1980/81, Holton hooked up with Casino Steel, a musician from Norway and in the following years released a couple of (in Norway) bestselling albums. The duo's musical style was country rock with strong punk influences, their first hit being a cover of Kenny Rogers' "Ruby". Gary Holton's Norwegian musical career went largely unnoticed in his homeland.

 Personal life 

 Relationships 
Holton had a string of relationships in the early to mid 1970s. In 1977, he dated singer Stella Palmer, with whom he performed his cover version of "Somethin' Stupid" in 1973. Holton and Palmer got engaged on 12 March 1977, but on 2 May the same year, Palmer called off the engagement, stating their relationship was not going quite as planned.
From 1979 he was married to model Donna Campbell. They were amicably separated from 1981 and remained friends, though they were still not divorced at the time of his death.
After Donna, Holton had a relationship with model Susan Harrison who gave birth to his son Red, in 1983.
At the time of his death, Holton had long separated from Harrison and was engaged to hairdresser Jahnet McIllwain.

 Death 
Holton was found dead by his fiancée Jahnet McIllwain in his bed on 25 October 1985. He had died from an overdose of alcohol and morphine, with traces of diazepam and cannabis in his system. Pathologist Rufus Crompton said during his inquest at Hornsey, North London, that he would have been drinking less than half an hour before his death, and that the morphine would have made him unconscious within a matter of minutes.
Holton had a blood alcohol level of 199 mg and a morphine level of 0.8 mg per litre (0.5 mg per litre is considered invariably fatal). He had been a drug user for several years after experiences through the music scene and was addicted to heroin, a habit he had quit some time after the first series of Auf Wiedersehen, Pet had been broadcast. He was considering setting up a clinic to help others with their addictions.Holton had considerable debts and had two bankruptcy orders totalling £61,000 over him. These debts were partly due to his not having paid tax since 1979, and also having a mortgage of £48,500 on his flat in Maida Vale, London.
He died midway through the second series of Auf Wiedersehen, Pet, but the producers used body doubles and editing of dialogue already recorded to allow the series to be completed. They eventually rescripted the series, such that in every indoor scene that originally included Holton, excuses were made for his absence.
Just before his death, he had released the single "Catch A Falling Star". He had been due to star in the pantomime Peter Pan that upcoming Christmas. He was survived by his son, Red, with model Susan Harrison.

 Funeral 
Holton's funeral took place on 22 November 1985, with a 15-minute service at Golders Green Crematorium in London. His Auf Wiedersehen, Pet co-stars attended. His ashes were placed on his grandparents' grave in Maesgwastad Cemetery, Welshpool.

 Discography 

 Albums 
With Heavy Metal Kids

Heavy Metal Kids (1974) Atlantic Records
Anvil Chorus (1975) Atlantic Records
Kitsch (1977) Rak RecordsWith Casino Steel

Gary Holton & Casino Steel (1981) Killroy Records
Part II (1982) Polydor Records
III Edition (1983) Polydor Records
No 4 (1984) Polydor RecordsSolo

Sing It To Me (1989) Receiver Records Limited (Released Posthumously; Featuring Mick Rossi)

 Singles 
With Heavy Metal Kids

"It's The Same" (1974) Atlantic Records
"Ain't Nothing But A House Party/You Got Me Rollin'" (1975) Atlantic Records
"Ain't Nothing But A House Party/You Got Me Rollin' Re-Mix" (1975) Atlantic Records
"She's No Angel" (1976) Rak Records
"Delirious" (1977) Rak Records/EMI Electrola
"Chelsea Kids" (1977) Rak Records/EMI ElectrolaWith Casino Steel

"Ruby, Don't Take Your Love to Town" (1981) X Records
"Blackberry Way"/"Candy" (1982) Polydor Records
"No Reply" (1983) Polydor Records
"Runaway" (1989) Amulet Records (Released Posthumously)Solo

"Ruby, Don't Take Your Love to Town" (1980) Safari Records
"Catch A Falling Star" (1984) Magnet Records
"Holiday Romance" (1984) Magnet Records (Featuring Mick Rossi)
"People in Love" (1986) Gaza Records (Released Posthumously; Featuring Mick Rossi)
"Catch A Falling Star Re-Issue" (1989) Not on Label (Released Posthumously)

 Filmography 

 References 

 External links 
http://www.garyholtontribute.co.uk/
Gary Holton at IMDb

Eliaser Tuhadeleni
Eliaser Inamutwika Noah Tuhadeleni, nom de guerre: Kaxumba ka Ndola (1 January 1918 – 28 November 1997) was a Namibian anti-apartheid activist, guerrilla fighter and political prisoner. He was one of the co-founders of the Ovamboland People's Congress in Cape Town, South Africa and became one of the first participants of the Namibian War of Independence. Tuhadeleni also took part in the battle of Omugulugwombashe, which was the first battle of the Namibian War of Independence.Tuhadeleni evaded arrest but was eventually caught and sent to Pretoria Central Prison where he was charged under the Terrorism Act of 1967. He was tried with other Namibians in the Pretoria Terrorism Trial from September 1967 to February 1968 and was sentenced to life imprisonment on Robben Island, but was released in 1985. He died in November 1997.

 Early life 
Kaxumba Kandola was born at Omatangela village in northern Namibia, a year after the British-South African forces conquered Oukwanyama kingdom. His father, Lyaalala ya Tuhadeleni, was one of the senior headmen of Oukwanyama King Mandume Ya Ndemufayo. The Tuhadeleni household is based in Omanyoshe village in Endola Constituency, Ohangwena Region.

 Political career 
In 1943, Kaxumba Kandola got involved in political activities as a member of the Mandume Movement. He was involved in workers' strike at the Kranzberg Mine, near Omaruru. Then, Kaxumba closely worked with the Anglican priest, Theophilus Hamutumbangela, writing petitions and sending them to the colonial administration and to the United Nations, complaining about the ill-treatment migrant workers received.
In the mid 1950s, Kaxumba left Namibia for South Africa. He was one of the first Namibians to work in Cape Town through the contract labour system. He became a member of the "Barber Shop Crew" which was instrumental in forming the Ovamboland People's Congress(OPC) in 1957. The following year, the leader of OPC, Andimba Toivo ya Toivo, sent a petition to the United Nations through Mburumba Kerina and Michael Scott, based in the United States, complaining about the human rights abuses of the contract labour system and the unlawful occupation of South West Africa by the apartheid government of South Africa. This led to a mass deportation of Namibian contract workers from Cape Town. Kaxumba was one of those who would later be deported from the city.
In 1959, the OPC was formally constituted into the Ovamboland People's Organization (OPO), Kaxumba became one of its leaders in Ovamboland where he held meetings with local people known as Oyoongi ya Kaxumba - "Kaxumba's rallies", he used these meetings to mobilize and educate them about colonial resistance. Following the transformation of OPO into the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) in 1960 many of its leaders went into exile to lobby for support from the international community and to pursue the arms liberation struggle. Kaxumba remained in the country as one of the main leaders, his house was raided a couple of times and was used to hold important SWAPO meetings by the internal leaders. He eventually went into exile in 1965 to take part in the preparation of the arms liberation struggle with the newly created People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN). In 1966 when one of the first of PLAN guerrilla units arrived in Ovamboland, they stayed at Kaxumba's home for several months before moving off to set up a camp at Omugulugwombashe.After the attack on Omugulugwombashe, the South African regime arrested SWAPO leaders including Andimba Toivo ya Toivo and other members of the Peoples Liberation Army of Namibia, they searched for Kaxumba for months before they were able to capture him.He was eventually arrested and taken to Pretoria. He then became Accused No. 1 in the trial, The State v. Tuhadeleni and 36 Others, under South Africa's Terrorism Act of 21 June 1967. Ephraim Kapolo died during the trial in Pretoria while Kaxumba and twenty nine other Namibians were sentenced to Robben Island. He was one of those who received a life sentence. When Kaxumba spoke at his trial just before being sentenced to a life term on Robin Island he "remained defiant and unbroken." Addressing the court he said: "David slew Goliath because he had right on his side, and we Namibians have faith that we, too, have right on our side."Tuhadeleni spent 18 years in prison until his eventual release in 1985. Namibia gained independence on 21 March 1990.

 Death 
Kaxumba lived to see the independence of Namibia, where he died in November 1997 in Windhoek.

 External links 
JSTOR: Kaxumba Kandola: Man and Myth: The Biography of a Barefoot Solider by Ellen Ndeshi Namhila https://www.jstor.org/stable/3876820
National Archives of Namibia Fidaid "Terrorism Trial": https://nan.gov.na/documents/522238/526054/Findaid_2-066.pdf/84083019-21da-8cfe-75d1-f14e1f0e1e93

 References 

East Geelvink Bay languages
The East Geelvink Bay or East Cenderawasih languages are a language family of a dozen Papuan languages along the eastern coast of Geelvink Bay in Indonesian Papua, which is also known as Sarera Bay or Cenderawasih.

 Languages 

Of these, only Turunggare, Barapasi, and Bauzi are known well enough to demonstrate a relationship, though they are all lexically similar (> 60%). The unclassified Kehu language, spoken between Turunggare and Burate, may turn out to be East Geelvink Bay as well.[1]
Bauzi is the best documented East Geelvink Bay language, but may or may not be representative of the Geelvink Bay family as a whole.

 Classification 
A relationship between Yawa, spoken on Yapen Island, and the East Geelvink Bay languages was tentatively proposed by C. L. Voorhoeve in 1975 in a proposal he called Geelvink Bay. The hypothesis was taken up by Stephen Wurm, who developed it as part of an initial attempt to classify the Papuan languages; however, the relationship would be a distant one, and later linguists such as Mark Donohue considered Yawa to be a language isolate.
Clouse (1997) removed the Lakes Plain languages of the upper Mamberamo River in the interior of Papua from Trans–New Guinea, where Würm had placed them, and by comparison with Bauzi and Demisa proposes them to be a sister family of the East Geelvink Bay languages. Basic vocabulary cognates that Clouse suggests to connect the two stocks include:

However, in his 2005 classification based on comparative evidence from pronouns, Malcolm Ross treats all three groups as separate families, with Yawa tentatively placed in an extended West Papuan family.

 Typology 
Verbal morphology in the East Geelvink Bay family is less complex than that of Tor-Kwerba languages, but is more complex than that of the Lakes Plain languages.

 Pronouns 
The pronouns Ross reconstructs for proto–East Geelvink Bay are,

 Basic vocabulary 
Basic vocabulary of selected East Cenderawasih languages (Barapasi, Bauzi, Demisa, Tunggare) listed in Foley (2018):
The following basic vocabulary words are from Clouse (1997) and Voorhoeve (1975), as cited in the Trans-New Guinea database:

 See also 
Papuan languages
Districts of Papua for a list of districts and villages with respective languages

 References 

 External links 
East Geelvink Bay languages database at TransNewGuinea.org

Birkhall
Birkhall (from the Scots Birk Hauch: "Birch River-meadow") is a 210 km2 (52,000 acres) estate on Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, owned by King Charles III. It is located alongside the River Muick to the south-west of Ballater.

 History 
The property was built in 1715. It was acquired from the Gordon family (owners of the Abergeldie Estate) who had acquired it from the Farquharsone family. Birkhall was acquired by Prince Albert, consort to Queen Victoria, as part of the Balmoral Castle estate in 1849 and given to his eldest son, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. Victoria bought Birkhall back to provide accommodation for her staff and extended family in 1884; Prince Albert Edward had only visited Birkhall once, as he preferred the larger Abergeldie Castle. Birkhall was occupied by General Sir Dighton Probyn, Keeper of the Privy Purse to King Edward VII and Comptroller to Queen Alexandra, in the late 19th century and early 20th century.A fine wire suspension bridge, erected in 1880 by John Harper, crosses the River Muick at Birkhall.King George V lent Birkhall in the 1930s to the Duke and Duchess of York (later King George VI and Queen Elizabeth), who holidayed there with their children, Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret. The house was redecorated by the Yorks, who also replanted the gardens. After the Duke of York ascended to the throne in 1936, the new King and Queen occupied Balmoral during the summer.  Later on Princess Elizabeth, her husband Prince Philip, and their children occupied Birkhall during the late summer season. In 1947, Elizabeth and Philip spent a portion of their honeymoon at Birkhall.Sir David Bowes-Lyon, the brother of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, died at Birkhall of a heart attack after suffering from hemiplegia on 13 September 1961, aged 59. The Queen Mother discovered him dead in bed.Birkhall was inherited by Charles, Prince of Wales (later King Charles III), from the Queen Mother upon her death in 2002. He also spent his second honeymoon at Birkhall in 2005 with his wife Camilla. In 2011, Prince William and his wife Catherine, then the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, celebrated Hogmanay at Birkhall.In March 2020, the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall (later King Charles III and Queen Camilla) self-isolated at Birkhall after the prince tested positive for COVID-19.It had been reported that King Charles III will not take up residence at Balmoral Castle while he is on the estate, but rather will continue to stay at Birkhall during the Balmoral holidays. In fact though, King Charles and Queen Camilla did reside at Balmoral in the summer of 2023.

 See also 
Highgrove House, near Tetbury, Gloucestershire, the family residence of King Charles III and Queen Camilla, owned by the Duchy of Cornwall
Clarence House, in St James's, London, current London residence of the King and Queen.

 References 

 Further reading 
Titchmarsh, Alan. "Birkhall; The home of The Prince of Wales on the Balmoral estate, Aberdeenshire", Country Life, 25 March 2020. Retrieved 22 April 2021.

Diagonal functor
In category theory, a branch of mathematics, the diagonal functor 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
        →
        
          
            C
          
        
        ×
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}\rightarrow {\mathcal {C}}\times {\mathcal {C}}}
   is given by 
  
    
      
        Δ
        (
        a
        )
        =
        ⟨
        a
        ,
        a
        ⟩
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta (a)=\langle a,a\rangle }
  , which maps objects as well as morphisms.  This functor can be employed to give a succinct alternate description of the product of objects within the category 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
  : a product 
  
    
      
        a
        ×
        b
      
    
    {\displaystyle a\times b}
   is a universal arrow from 
  
    
      
        Δ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta }
   to 
  
    
      
        ⟨
        a
        ,
        b
        ⟩
      
    
    {\displaystyle \langle a,b\rangle }
  .  The arrow comprises the projection maps.
More generally, given a  small index category 
  
    
      
        
          
            J
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {J}}}
  , one may construct the functor category 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              C
            
          
          
            
              J
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}^{\mathcal {J}}}
  , the objects of which are called diagrams. For each object 
  
    
      
        a
      
    
    {\displaystyle a}
   in 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
  , there is a constant diagram 
  
    
      
        
          Δ
          
            a
          
        
        :
        
          
            J
          
        
        →
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta _{a}:{\mathcal {J}}\to {\mathcal {C}}}
   that maps every object in 
  
    
      
        
          
            J
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {J}}}
   to 
  
    
      
        a
      
    
    {\displaystyle a}
   and every morphism in 
  
    
      
        
          
            J
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {J}}}
   to 
  
    
      
        
          1
          
            a
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle 1_{a}}
  . The diagonal functor 
  
    
      
        Δ
        :
        
          
            C
          
        
        →
        
          
            
              C
            
          
          
            
              J
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta :{\mathcal {C}}\rightarrow {\mathcal {C}}^{\mathcal {J}}}
   assigns to each object 
  
    
      
        a
      
    
    {\displaystyle a}
   of 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
   the diagram 
  
    
      
        
          Δ
          
            a
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta _{a}}
  , and to each morphism 
  
    
      
        f
        :
        a
        →
        b
      
    
    {\displaystyle f:a\rightarrow b}
   in 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
   the natural transformation 
  
    
      
        η
      
    
    {\displaystyle \eta }
   in 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              C
            
          
          
            
              J
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}^{\mathcal {J}}}
   (given for every object 
  
    
      
        j
      
    
    {\displaystyle j}
   of 
  
    
      
        
          
            J
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {J}}}
   by 
  
    
      
        
          η
          
            j
          
        
        =
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle \eta _{j}=f}
  ).  Thus, for example, in the case that 
  
    
      
        
          
            J
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {J}}}
   is a discrete category with two objects, the diagonal functor 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
        →
        
          
            C
          
        
        ×
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}\rightarrow {\mathcal {C}}\times {\mathcal {C}}}
   is recovered.
Diagonal functors provide a way to define limits and colimits of diagrams. Given a diagram 
  
    
      
        
          
            F
          
        
        :
        
          
            J
          
        
        →
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {F}}:{\mathcal {J}}\rightarrow {\mathcal {C}}}
  , a natural transformation 
  
    
      
        
          Δ
          
            a
          
        
        →
        
          
            F
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta _{a}\to {\mathcal {F}}}
   (for some object 
  
    
      
        a
      
    
    {\displaystyle a}
   of 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
  ) is called a cone for 
  
    
      
        
          
            F
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {F}}}
  . These cones and their factorizations correspond precisely to the objects and morphisms of the comma category 
  
    
      
        (
        Δ
        ↓
        
          
            F
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (\Delta \downarrow {\mathcal {F}})}
  , and a limit of 
  
    
      
        
          
            F
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {F}}}
   is a terminal object in 
  
    
      
        (
        Δ
        ↓
        
          
            F
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (\Delta \downarrow {\mathcal {F}})}
  , i.e., a universal arrow 
  
    
      
        Δ
        →
        
          
            F
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \Delta \rightarrow {\mathcal {F}}}
  . Dually, a colimit of 
  
    
      
        
          
            F
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {F}}}
   is an initial object in the comma category 
  
    
      
        (
        
          
            F
          
        
        ↓
        Δ
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle ({\mathcal {F}}\downarrow \Delta )}
  , i.e., a universal arrow 
  
    
      
        
          
            F
          
        
        →
        Δ
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {F}}\rightarrow \Delta }
  .
If every functor from 
  
    
      
        
          
            J
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {J}}}
   to 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
   has a limit (which will be the case if 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
   is complete), then the operation of taking limits is itself a functor from 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              C
            
          
          
            
              J
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}^{\mathcal {J}}}
   to 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}}
  .  The limit functor is the right-adjoint of the diagonal functor.  Similarly, the colimit functor (which exists if the category is cocomplete) is the left-adjoint of the diagonal functor. For example, the diagonal functor 
  
    
      
        
          
            C
          
        
        →
        
          
            C
          
        
        ×
        
          
            C
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {C}}\rightarrow {\mathcal {C}}\times {\mathcal {C}}}
   described above is the left-adjoint of the binary product functor and the right-adjoint of the binary coproduct functor.  

 See also 
Diagram (category theory)
Cone (category theory)
Diagonal morphism

 References 

Awodey, Steve (2006). "Functors and Naturality". Category Theory. pp. 125–158. doi:10.1093/acprof:oso/9780198568612.003.0007. ISBN 978-0-19-856861-2.Mac Lane, Saunders; Moerdijk, Ieke (1992). Sheaves in geometry and logic a first introduction to topos theory. New York: Springer-Verlag. pp. 20–23. ISBN 9780387977102.May, J. P. (1999). A Concise Course in Algebraic Topology (PDF). University of Chicago Press. p. 16. ISBN 0-226-51183-9.

Guennol Stargazer
The Guennol Stargazer is a nine-inch, 6,000-year-old marble idol.

 Subject matter 
The statue depicts a nude human figure, referred to as a "stargazer" as the figure appears to look upward. Approximately fifteen intact stargazer statues exist, along with fragments of other stargazer figures. Like other stargazer figures, Guennol Stargazer has a mark on its neck indicating it may have been ritually "killed" before it was buried.

 History 
The sculpture was likely produced between 4800 and 4100 BCE in what is today Manisa Province in Turkey. The piece was in the collection of Alastair and Edith Martin. The couple purchased the piece from an art dealer, J.J. Klejman, in 1961. How Klejman came to own the sculpture has not been established. Klejman was referred to by former director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Thomas Hoving, as one of his "favorite dealer-smugglers". Klejman was implicated in the museum's purchase of the Lydian Hoard, which the museum acquired despite awareness that the artifacts were stolen.Ownership of the sculpture eventually passed from the Martins to their son, Robin Martin, and later to a gallery. Michael Steinhardt, an American hedge fund manager, purchased the idol for $1.5 million in 1993. The figure was displayed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, on loan, at times between 1966 and 1993, and was exhibited in the museum again from 1999 to 2007.

 Repatriation dispute 
The Guennol Stargazer was placed for sale at auction by its owner, Michael Steinhardt, at Christie's in 2017. Despite attempts to halt the sale by the Turkish government, including the filing of a suit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Steinhardt and Christie's, the auction occurred, and the sculpture sold for $14.4 million. The buyer then rescinded their offer, and Christie's placed the statue in storage in a vault operated by the auction house.In 2021, U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan presided over a bench trial, Republic of Turkey v. Christie’s, Inc., concerning the dispute over the ownership of the Guennol Stargazer. Nathan rejected Turkey's ownership claim, which had been made pursuant to a 1906 Ottoman decree concerning the ownership of antiquities excavated in Turkey. Nathan found that Turkey had failed to show, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the Guennol Stargazer, which had been exhibited in the United States for decades, had been excavated after 1906. Nathan also held that Turkey's claim was in any case barred by laches, since it had waited too long to pursue its claim. This ruling was later upheld by Rosemary S. Pooler of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in March 2023.

 External links 
"Case Review: Republic of Turkey v. Christie's". Center for Art Law. 30 April 2020.

 See also 
Guennol Lioness

 References 

Stephen Collins
Stephen Weaver Collins (born October 1, 1947) is a former American actor. He is known for playing Eric Camden on the WB/CW television series 7th Heaven from 1996 to 2007. Afterwards, Collins played the roles of Dayton King on the ABC television series No Ordinary Family and Gene Porter in the NBC television series Revolution, father of Elizabeth Mitchell's character, Rachel Matheson. Before 7th Heaven, Collins was known for his roles as Commander Willard Decker in the 1979 film Star Trek: The Motion Picture and fighter pilot Jake Cutter in the ABC television series Tales of the Gold Monkey.
In 2014, his career ended after he confessed to sexual misconduct against multiple minors.

 Early life 
Stephen Collins was born on October 1, 1947, in Des Moines, Iowa, to mother Madeleine (née Robertson) and father Cyrus Stickney Collins, an airline executive. Collins was raised with his two older brothers in Hastings-on-Hudson, New York, and attended Amherst College in Massachusetts, graduating cum laude. While at Amherst, he played bass guitar in a number of bands. He was also then a singing member of the Amherst College Zumbyes.

 Career 
Stephen Collins is known for his role as Eric Camden in the television drama series 7th Heaven during the series' run from 1996 to 2007 and for his role as Captain Willard Decker in Star Trek: The Motion Picture (1979). His other notable television credits include Jake Cutter in the cult series Tales of the Gold Monkey and his role in Tattingers, as well as guest appearances in The Waltons, Barnaby Jones, Charlie's Angels, and numerous miniseries and television films. He was nominated for an Emmy Award for his work opposite Ann-Margret in the miniseries The Two Mrs. Grenvilles (1987), and played John F. Kennedy in the miniseries A Woman Named Jackie (1991), which won the Emmy for Best Miniseries. He also played the lead role opposite Lauren Hutton in the television film The Rhinemann Exchange (1977), based on Robert Ludlum's bestselling novel.Collins was above-the-title billed in Loving Couples (1980) with Shirley MacLaine, James Coburn and Susan Sarandon. He co-starred with Diane Keaton in both The First Wives Club (1996) and Because I Said So (2007). He has co-starred with Meredith Baxter in three films, All the President's Men, A Woman Scorned: The Betty Broderick Story, and Her Final Fury: Betty Broderick, the Last Chapter, both of which were television films broadcast on CBS in 1992.
In the 2010–11 television season, Collins starred in the short-lived ABC series No Ordinary Family. On ABC's Brothers & Sisters, he played a potential love interest for Ron Rifkin's character Saul Holden. Collins appeared in season eight of The Office playing Andy Bernard's father in the episode, "Garden Party".In 2013, Collins began appearing in the NBC series Revolution as Dr. Gene Porter, the leader of the town of Willoughby and father of Rachel Matheson (played by Elizabeth Mitchell). and in two episodes of Falling Skies in season three. Collins' final guest spots include The Fosters, Devious Maids, and Penance.

 Personal life 
Stephen Collins was married to Marjorie Weinman from 1970 to 1978. In 1985, he married actress Faye Grant, whom he had met on the set of Tales of the Gold Monkey in 1982.  Together they have a daughter, Kate, who was born in 1989. They separated in 2012, and, after 30 years of marriage, a final divorce decree was issued in January 2015.Collins is an Episcopalian and a practitioner of Transcendental Meditation (TM) and has taken part in the advanced TM Yogic Flying technique since 1980. Until October 2014, he was a national co-director of the Committee for Stress-Free Schools, which advocates practicing TM in schools and funds TM research.

 Sexual misconduct against minors 
On October 7, 2014, the New York City Police Department began investigating  Collins after an audio tape leaked to the media revealed a male voice, purported to be that of Collins, admitting to past sexual abuse of a minor under the age of 14.A Los Angeles Police Department spokesperson stated that Collins had been investigated by the department in 2012 after receiving a claim from 18 years earlier regarding sexual abuse. The LAPD further stated that its investigation did not allow it to "substantiate the allegation" against Collins.In a December 2014 interview with People, Collins admitted that he committed "inappropriate sexual conduct with three female minors" in 1973, 1982, and 1994.

 Filmography 

 Television 

 Films 

 Discography 

 Published works 
Collins, Stephen (1994). Eye Contact. Bantam. ISBN 978-0553095852.
Collins, Stephen (1998). Double Exposure: A Novel. William Morrow. ISBN 978-0688158934.

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Stephen Collins cast bio on The CW
Stephen Collins at IMDb
Stephen Collins at the TCM Movie Database 
Stephen Collins at AllMovie
Stephen Collins on Charlie Rose

Jordan Murray (soccer)
Jordan David Murray (born 2 October 1995) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Indian Super League club Chennaiyin.

 Career 

 South Coast Wolves 
Murray started his career at South Coast Wolves, a semi-professional club that competes in the National Premier League (NPL). He made a total of 38 appearances there and scored 15 goals.

 APIA Leichhardt 
In 2016, he was signed by APIA Leichhardt which also competes in the NPL. Out of his 61 appearances for the club, he scored 43 goals and also won the golden boot during the 2018 NSW season.

 Central Coast Mariners 
In 2018, he signed his first professional contract with Central Coast Mariners. He made his debut for the Mariners as a second-half substitute in a 1–1 draw with the Brisbane Roar in Round 1 of the 2018–19 season. Murray scored his first A-League goal with a strike in a 4–1 loss to Perth Glory at Central Coast Stadium. On 17 April 2019, after 21 appearances in the A-League, Murray signed a new two-year deal with the Mariners. In October 2020, the club officially stated that they have parted ways with Murray on mutual terms. Later it was revealed that he has agreed in terms with an Indian Super League club.

 Kerala Blasters 
On 24 October 2020, Murray signed for the Indian Super League club Kerala Blasters ahead of the 2020-21 ISL season.  He made his debut for the Blasters on 20 November against ATK Mohun Bagan, coming on as a substitute in the 75th minute. On 13 December 2020, Murray scored on his first start for the club in the South Indian Derby against Bengaluru. Murray scored his next his goal against Hyderabad on 27 December 2020 which ended 2-0 in favour of the Blasters. He was also able to score one goal in a 4-2 loss against Odisha on 7 January 2021. On 10 January, Murray's brace helped Blasters to win against Jamshedpur 3-2 and was awarded the man of the match award. Murray scored in the 1-1 draw against East Bengal on 15 January 2021, thus scoring in three consecutive matches during the season. and was the top scorer for the club in the season. On 11 June 2021, the club officially announced the departure of Murray.

 Jamshedpur 
On 5 September 2021, Jamshedpur announced that they had signed a two-year deal with Murray, ahead of the 2021–22 Indian Super League season.

 Nakhon Ratchasima 
On August 4, 2022, Murray moved to Thailand, signing with Nakhon Ratchasima.

 Career statistics 
As of match played 11 January 2024

 Honours 
APIA Leichhardt

National Premier Leagues NSW; Premiership: 2017
National Premier Leagues NSW; runner-up: 2017, 2018
Waratah Cup: 2018
Waratah Cup; runner-up: 2017Jamshedpur

Indian Super League; League Winners Shield: 2021–22Individual

National Premier Leagues NSW: 2018 Golden Boot
Indian Super League Golden boot for Kerala Blasters.

 References 

 External links 
Jordan Murray at Indian Super League
Jordan Murray at Soccerway

Persia White
Persia White (born October 25, 1972) is a Bahamian-born American actress, singer and musician. White is known for her role as Denise Williams on the short-lived television series Breaker High and as Lynn Searcy on the UPN/CW sitcom Girlfriends. White is also a member of the band XEO3, and a solo singer who released her debut album Mecca in 2009. She is also known for her role as Abby Bennett Wilson in The Vampire Diaries (2012-2017).

 Early life 
White was born in Nassau, Bahamas and was one of four children to an Irish-American mother and a Bahamian father, thus making her a Bahamian actress. Her early years were spent in the Bahamas. White's father was paralyzed in a car accident when she was three, and he later moved to Miami to seek better medical care. White's mother moved with her children to South Florida two years later but did not reunite with White's father. White later joined the Miami Coconut Grove Children's Theater. As a teen, she studied dance, acting, singing, and painting. After high school, White signed with the Ford Agency and obtained her Screen Actors Guild card. She then moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.

 Career 
White has appeared in various independent films, including Red Letters (opposite Peter Coyote) and the cult horror Blood Dolls. She starred in the made-for-TV movies Operation Sandman, opposite Ron Perlman, and Suddenly, opposite Kirstie Alley. Her television work includes appearances on Angel, NYPD Blue, The Steve Harvey Show, Brooklyn South, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, as well as regular roles on Breaker High with co-star Ryan Gosling, Sister Sister as Anya and Girlfriends as Lynn. In 2008, White appeared in The Fall of Night in the role of Dawn. She can also be seen in Chrisette Michele's video for "Be OK".
In addition to acting, White also co-produced the award-winning documentary Earthlings, narrated by Joaquin Phoenix. In July 2011, White won the award for Best Performance by an Actor in the American Black Film Festival for her work in Dysfunctional Friends. She also appeared as Bonnie's mother on The Vampire Diaries in a semi-recurring role.
In 2019, she reunited with her Girlfriends co-stars Tracee Ellis Ross, Jill Marie Jones, and Golden Brooks in an episode of the ABC comedy series Black-ish.

 Personal life 
White is a vegan, a human and animal rights advocate, and environmentalist. She was honored by PETA as a 2005 Humanitarian of the Year.
She is a board member for the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society.White has a daughter, Mecca Morgan White, born c. 1995.On February 29, 2008, White became engaged to singer Saul Williams, her boyfriend of five years, and married in 2008. They met in 2003 when he made a guest appearance on the TV show Girlfriends. On January 17, 2009, White announced via her Myspace blog that she and Williams were no longer together.After three years of dating, White married fellow Vampire Diaries actor Joseph Morgan in Ocho Rios, Jamaica on July 5, 2014, after which, he adopted her daughter and they had her legal name changed to Mecca Morgan White.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Documentary 

 Awards 

 Music 
Mecca is Persia White's debut album. It was released digitally on October 31, 2009, and on CD on December 8, 2009. The title comes from the name of White's daughter. The final three songs on the album were all featured in several episodes of Girlfriends.

"Wanting" – 3:58
"Perfect" – 3:15
"Receive" (featuring Saul Williams) – 4:15
"Pressed Against Gods Thoughts" – 2:02
"Haunt" – 3:02
"2 Sea" – 1:23
"Danger" (featuring Saul Williams) – 3:25
"Salvation" – 4:57
"Tease" (featuring Tricky) – 3:22
"Choices" (Girlfriends season 6 finale song) – 2:47
"Past Mistakes" (featuring Tricky) – 4:10

 References 

 External links 

Persia White at IMDb
Official website
Persia White Interview on The Gregory Mantell Show

Myanmar
Myanmar (Burmese: မြန်မာ; MLCTS: Mranma, pronounced [mjəmà]), officially the Republic of the Union of Myanmar, also known as Burma (the official name until 1989), is a country in Southeast Asia. It is the largest country by area in Mainland Southeast Asia and has a population of about 55 million. It is bordered by Bangladesh and India to its northwest, China to its northeast, Laos and Thailand to its east and southeast, and the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal to its south and southwest. The country's capital city is Naypyidaw, and its largest city is Yangon (formerly Rangoon).Early civilisations in the area included the Tibeto-Burman-speaking Pyu city-states in Upper Myanmar and the Mon kingdoms in Lower Myanmar. In the 9th century, the Bamar people entered the upper Irrawaddy valley, and following the establishment of the Pagan Kingdom in the 1050s, the Burmese language, culture, and Theravada Buddhism slowly became dominant in the country. The Pagan Kingdom fell to Mongol invasions, and several warring states emerged. In the 16th century, reunified by the Taungoo dynasty, the country became the largest empire in the history of Southeast Asia for a short period. The early 19th-century Konbaung dynasty ruled over an area that included modern Myanmar and briefly controlled Manipur and Assam as well. The British East India Company seized control of the administration of Myanmar after three Anglo-Burmese Wars in the 19th century, and the country became a British colony. After a brief Japanese occupation, Myanmar was reconquered by the Allies. On 4 January 1948, Myanmar declared independence under the terms of the Burma Independence Act 1947.
Myanmar's post-independence history has continued to be checkered by unrest and conflict. The coup d'état in 1962 resulted in a military dictatorship under the Burma Socialist Programme Party. On 8 August 1988, the 8888 Uprising then resulted in a nominal transition to a multi-party system two years later, but the country's post-uprising military council refused to cede power, and has continued to rule the country through to the present. The country remains riven by ethnic strife among its myriad ethnic groups and has one of the world's longest-running ongoing civil wars. The United Nations and several other organisations have reported consistent and systemic human rights violations in the country. In 2011, the military junta was officially dissolved following a 2010 general election, and a nominally civilian government was installed. Aung San Suu Kyi and political prisoners were released and the 2015 Myanmar general election was held, leading to improved foreign relations and eased economic sanctions, although the country's treatment of its ethnic minorities, particularly in connection with the Rohingya conflict, continued to be a source of international tension and consternation. Following the 2020 Myanmar general election, in which Aung San Suu Kyi's party won a clear majority in both houses, the Burmese military (Tatmadaw) again seized power in a coup d'état. The coup, which was widely condemned by the international community, led to continuous ongoing widespread protests in Myanmar and has been marked by violent political repression by the military, as well as a larger outbreak of the civil war. The military also arrested Aung San Suu Kyi in order to remove her from public life, and charged her with crimes ranging from corruption to the violation of COVID-19 protocols; all of the charges against her are "politically motivated" according to independent observers.Myanmar is a member of the East Asia Summit, Non-Aligned Movement, ASEAN, and BIMSTEC, but it is not a member of the Commonwealth of Nations despite once being part of the British Empire. Myanmar is a Dialogue Partner of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization. The country is very rich in natural resources, such as jade, gems, oil, natural gas, teak and other minerals, as well as also endowed with renewable energy, having the highest solar power potential compared to other countries of the Great Mekong Subregion. However, Myanmar has long suffered from instability, factional violence, corruption, poor infrastructure, as well as a long history of colonial exploitation with little regard to human development. In 2013, its GDP (nominal) stood at US$56.7 billion and its GDP (PPP) at US$221.5 billion. The income gap in Myanmar is among the widest in the world, as a large proportion of the economy is controlled by cronies of the military junta. Myanmar is one of the least developed countries; as of 2020, according to the Human Development Index, it ranks 147 out of 189 countries in terms of human development, the lowest in Southeast Asia. Since 2021, more than 600,000 people were displaced across Myanmar due to the surge in violence post-coup, with more than 3 million people in dire need of humanitarian assistance.

 Etymology 

The name of the country has been a matter of dispute and disagreement, particularly in the early 21st century, focusing mainly on the political legitimacy of those using Myanmar versus Burma. Both names derive from the earlier Burmese Mranma or Mramma, an ethnonym for the majority Burman ethnic group, of uncertain etymology. The terms are also popularly thought to derive from Sanskrit Brahma Desha, 'land of Brahma'.In 1989, the military government officially changed the English translations of many names dating back to Burma's colonial period or earlier, including that of the country itself: Burma became Myanmar. The renaming remains a contested issue. Many political and ethnic opposition groups and countries continue to use Burma because they do not recognise the legitimacy or authority of the military government.The country's official full name is "Republic of the Union of Myanmar" (Burmese: ပြည်ထောင်စုသမ္မတ မြန်မာနိုင်ငံတော်, Pyihtaungsu Thamada Myanma Naingngantaw, pronounced [pjìdàʊɴzṵ θàɴməda̰ mjəmà nàɪɴŋàɴdɔ̀]). Countries that do not officially recognise that name use the long form "Union of Burma" instead. In English, the country is popularly known as either Burma or Myanmar. In Burmese, the pronunciation depends on the register used and is either Bama (pronounced [bəmà]) or Myamah (pronounced [mjəmà]).Official United States foreign policy retains Burma as the country's name although the State Department's website lists the country as Burma (Myanmar). The United Nations uses Myanmar, as does the ASEAN and as do Australia, Russia, Germany, China, India, Bangladesh, Norway, Japan, Switzerland, and Canada. Most English-speaking international news media refer to the country by the name Myanmar, including the BBC, CNN, Al Jazeera, Reuters, and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC)/Radio Australia. Myanmar is known by a name deriving from Burma in Spanish, Italian, Romanian, and Greek. French-language media consistently use Birmanie.There are at least nine different pronunciations of the English name Myanmar, and no single one is standard. Pronunciations with two syllables are found most often in major British and American dictionaries. Dictionaries—such as Collins—and other sources also report pronunciations with three syllables.As John Wells explains, the English spellings of both Myanmar and Burma assume a non-rhotic variety of English, in which the letter r before a consonant or finally serves merely to indicate a long vowel: [ˈmjænmɑː, ˈbɜːmə]. So the pronunciation of the last syllable of Myanmar as [mɑːr] or of Burma as [ˈbɜːrmə] by some speakers in the UK and most speakers in North America is in fact a spelling pronunciation based on a misunderstanding of non-rhotic spelling conventions.

 History 

 Prehistory 

Archaeological evidence shows that Homo erectus lived in the region now known as Myanmar as early as 750,000 years ago, with no more erectus finds after 75,000 years ago. The first evidence of Homo sapiens is dated to about 25,000 BP with discoveries of stone tools in central Myanmar. Evidence of Neolithic age domestication of plants and animals and the use of polished stone tools dating to sometime between 10,000 and 6,000 BCE has been discovered in the form of cave paintings in Padah-Lin Caves.The Bronze Age arrived c. 1500 BCE when people in the region were turning copper into bronze, growing rice and domesticating poultry and pigs; they were among the first people in the world to do so. Human remains and artefacts from this era were discovered in Monywa District in the Sagaing Region. The Iron Age began around 500 BCE with the emergence of iron-working settlements in an area south of present-day Mandalay. Evidence also shows the presence of rice-growing settlements of large villages and small towns that traded with their surroundings as far as China between 500 BCE and 200 CE. Iron Age Burmese cultures also had influences from outside sources such as India and Thailand, as seen in their funerary practices concerning child burials. This indicates some form of communication between groups in Myanmar and other places, possibly through trade.

 Early city-states 

Around the second century BCE the first-known city-states emerged in central Myanmar. The city-states were founded as part of the southward migration by the Tibeto-Burman-speaking Pyu people, the earliest inhabitants of Myanmar of whom records are extant, from present-day Yunnan. The Pyu culture was heavily influenced by trade with India, importing Buddhism as well as other cultural, architectural and political concepts, which would have an enduring influence on later Burmese culture and political organisation.By the 9th century, several city-states had sprouted across the land: the Pyu in the central dry zone, Mon along the southern coastline and Arakanese along the western littoral. The balance was upset when the Pyu came under repeated attacks from Nanzhao between the 750s and the 830s. In the mid-to-late 9th century the Bamar people founded a small settlement at Bagan. It was one of several competing city-states until the late 10th century, when it grew in authority and grandeur.

 Pagan Kingdom 

Pagan gradually grew to absorb its surrounding states until the 1050s–1060s when Anawrahta founded the Pagan Kingdom, the first ever unification of the Irrawaddy valley and its periphery. In the 12th and 13th centuries, the Pagan Empire and the Khmer Empire were two main powers in mainland Southeast Asia. The Burmese language and culture gradually became dominant in the upper Irrawaddy valley, eclipsing the Pyu, Mon and Pali norms by the late 12th century. Theravada Buddhism slowly began to spread to the village level, although Tantric, Mahayana, Hinduism, and folk religion remained heavily entrenched. Pagan's rulers and wealthy built over 10,000 Buddhist temples in the Pagan capital zone alone. Repeated Mongol invasions in the late 13th century toppled the four-century-old kingdom in 1287.
Pagan's collapse was followed by 250 years of political fragmentation that lasted well into the 16th century. Like the Burmans four centuries earlier, Shan migrants who arrived with the Mongol invasions stayed behind. Several competing Shan States came to dominate the entire northwestern to eastern arc surrounding the Irrawaddy valley. The valley too was beset with petty states until the late 14th century when two sizeable powers, Ava Kingdom and Hanthawaddy Kingdom, emerged. In the west, a politically fragmented Arakan was under competing influences of its stronger neighbours until the Kingdom of Mrauk U unified the Arakan coastline for the first time in 1437. The kingdom was a protectorate of the Bengal Sultanate at different time periods.In the 14th and 15th centuries, Ava fought wars of unification but could never quite reassemble the lost empire. Having held off Ava, the Mon-speaking Hanthawaddy entered its golden age, and Arakan went on to become a power in its own right for the next 350 years. In contrast, constant warfare left Ava greatly weakened, and it slowly disintegrated from 1481 onward. In 1527, the Confederation of Shan States conquered Ava and ruled Upper Myanmar until 1555.
Like the Pagan Empire, Ava, Hanthawaddy and the Shan states were all multi-ethnic polities. Despite the wars, cultural synchronisation continued. This period is considered a golden age for Burmese culture. Burmese literature "grew more confident, popular, and stylistically diverse", and the second generation of Burmese law codes as well as the earliest pan-Burma chronicles emerged. Hanthawaddy monarchs introduced religious reforms that later spread to the rest of the country.

 Taungoo and Konbaung 
Political unification returned in the mid-16th century, through the efforts of Taungoo, a former vassal state of Ava. Taungoo's young, ambitious King Tabinshwehti defeated the more powerful Hanthawaddy in the Toungoo–Hanthawaddy War. His successor Bayinnaung went on to conquer a vast swath of mainland Southeast Asia including the Shan states, Lan Na, Manipur, Mong Mao, the Ayutthaya Kingdom, Lan Xang and southern Arakan. However, the largest empire in the history of Southeast Asia unravelled soon after Bayinnaung's death in 1581, completely collapsing by 1599. Ayutthaya seized Tenasserim and Lan Na, and Portuguese mercenaries established Portuguese rule at Thanlyin (Syriam).

The dynasty regrouped and defeated the Portuguese in 1613 and Siam in 1614. It restored a smaller, more manageable kingdom, encompassing Lower Myanmar, Upper Myanmar, Shan states, Lan Na and upper Tenasserim. The restored Toungoo kings created a legal and political framework whose basic features continued well into the 19th century. The crown completely replaced the hereditary chieftainships with appointed governorships in the entire Irrawaddy valley and greatly reduced the hereditary rights of Shan chiefs. Its trade and secular administrative reforms built a prosperous economy for more than 80 years. From the 1720s onward, the kingdom was beset with repeated Meithei raids into Upper Myanmar and a nagging rebellion in Lan Na. In 1740, the Mon of Lower Myanmar founded the Restored Hanthawaddy Kingdom. Hanthawaddy forces sacked Ava in 1752, ending the 266-year-old Toungoo Dynasty.After the fall of Ava, the Konbaung–Hanthawaddy War involved one resistance group under Alaungpaya defeating the Restored Hanthawaddy, and by 1759 he had reunited all of Myanmar and Manipur and driven out the French and the British, who had provided arms to Hanthawaddy. By 1770, Alaungpaya's heirs had subdued much of Laos and fought and won the Burmese–Siamese War against Ayutthaya and the Sino-Burmese War against Qing China.With Burma preoccupied by the Chinese threat, Ayutthaya recovered its territories by 1770 and went on to capture Lan Na by 1776. Burma and Siam went to war until 1855, but all resulted in a stalemate, exchanging Tenasserim (to Burma) and Lan Na (to Ayutthaya). Faced with a powerful China and a resurgent Ayutthaya in the east, King Bodawpaya turned west, acquiring Arakan (1785), Manipur (1814) and Assam (1817). It was the second-largest empire in Burmese history but also one with a long ill-defined border with British India.In 1826, Burma lost Arakan, Manipur, Assam and Tenasserim to the British in the First Anglo-Burmese War. In 1852, the British easily seized Lower Burma in the Second Anglo-Burmese War. King Mindon Min tried to modernise the kingdom and in 1875 narrowly avoided annexation by ceding the Karenni States. The British, alarmed by the consolidation of French Indochina, annexed the remainder of the country in the Third Anglo-Burmese War in 1885.
Konbaung kings extended Restored Toungoo's administrative reforms and achieved unprecedented levels of internal control and external expansion. For the first time in history, the Burmese language and culture came to predominate the entire Irrawaddy valley. The evolution and growth of Burmese literature and theatre continued, aided by an extremely high adult male literacy rate for the era (half of all males and 5% of females). Nonetheless, the extent and pace of reforms were uneven and ultimately proved insufficient to stem the advance of British colonialism.

 British Burma (1885–1948) 

In the 19th century, Burmese rulers sought to maintain their traditional influence in the western areas of Assam, Manipur and Arakan. Pressing them, however, was the British East India Company, which was expanding its interests eastwards over the same territory. Over the next sixty years, diplomacy, raids, treaties and compromises, known collectively as the Anglo-Burmese Wars, continued until Britain proclaimed control over most of Burma. With the fall of Mandalay, all of Burma came under British rule, being annexed on 1 January 1886.
Throughout the colonial era, many Indians arrived as soldiers, civil servants, construction workers and traders and, along with the Anglo-Burmese community, dominated commercial and civil life in Burma. Rangoon became the capital of British Burma and an important port between Calcutta and Singapore. Burmese resentment was strong, and was vented in violent riots that periodically paralysed Rangoon until the 1930s. Some of the discontent was caused by a disrespect for Burmese culture and traditions. Buddhist monks became the vanguards of the independence movement. U Wisara, an activist monk, died in prison after a 166-day hunger strike.On 1 April 1937, Burma became a separately administered colony of Britain, and Ba Maw became the first Prime Minister and Premier of Burma. Ba Maw was an outspoken advocate for Burmese self-rule, and he opposed the participation of  Britain, and by extension Burma, in World War II. He resigned from the Legislative Assembly and was arrested for sedition. In 1940, before Japan formally entered the war, Aung San formed the Burma Independence Army in Japan.
As a major battleground, Burma was devastated during World War II by the Japanese invasion. Within months after they entered the war, Japanese troops had advanced on Rangoon, and the British administration had collapsed. A Burmese Executive Administration headed by Ba Maw was established by the Japanese in August 1942. Wingate's British Chindits were formed into long-range penetration groups trained to operate deep behind Japanese lines. A similar American unit, Merrill's Marauders, followed the Chindits into the Burmese jungle in 1943.Beginning in late 1944, allied troops launched a series of offensives that led to the end of Japanese rule in July 1945. The battles were intense with much of Burma laid waste by the fighting. Overall, the Japanese lost some 150,000 men in Burma with 1,700 prisoners taken. Although many Burmese fought initially for the Japanese as part of the Burma Independence Army, many Burmese, mostly from the ethnic minorities, served in the British Burma Army. The Burma National Army and the Arakan National Army fought with the Japanese from 1942 to 1944 but switched allegiance to the Allied side in 1945. Overall, 170,000 to 250,000 Burmese civilians died during World War II.Following World War II, Aung San negotiated the Panglong Agreement with ethnic leaders that guaranteed the independence of Myanmar as a unified state. Aung Zan Wai, Pe Khin, Bo Hmu Aung, Sir Maung Gyi, Sein Mya Maung, Myoma U Than Kywe were among the negotiators of the historic Panglong Conference negotiated with Bamar leader General Aung San and other ethnic leaders in 1947. In 1947, Aung San became Deputy Chairman of the Executive Council of Myanmar, a transitional government. But in July 1947, political rivals assassinated Aung San and several cabinet members.

 Independence (1948–1962) 

On 4 January 1948, the nation became an independent republic, under the terms of the Burma Independence Act 1947. The new country was named the Union of Burma, with Sao Shwe Thaik as its first president and U Nu as its first prime minister. Unlike most other former British colonies and overseas territories, Burma did not become a member of the Commonwealth. A bicameral parliament was formed, consisting of a Chamber of Deputies and a Chamber of Nationalities, and multi-party elections were held in 1951–1952, 1956 and 1960.
The geographical area Burma encompasses today can be traced to the Panglong Agreement, which combined Burma Proper, which consisted of Lower Burma and Upper Burma, and the Frontier Areas, which had been administered separately by the British.In 1961, U Thant, the Union of Burma's Permanent Representative to the United Nations and former secretary to the prime minister, was elected Secretary-General of the United Nations, a position he held for ten years.When the non-Burman ethnic groups pushed for autonomy or federalism, alongside having a weak civilian government at the centre, the military leadership staged a coup d'état in 1962. Though incorporated in the 1947 Constitution, successive military governments construed the use of the term 'federalism' as being anti-national, anti-unity and pro-disintegration.

 Military rule (1962–2011) 
On 2 March 1962, the military led by General Ne Win took control of Burma through a coup d'état, and the government had been under direct or indirect control by the military since then. Between 1962 and 1974, Myanmar was ruled by a revolutionary council headed by the general. Almost all aspects of society (business, media, production) were nationalised or brought under government control under the Burmese Way to Socialism, which combined Soviet-style nationalisation and central planning.
A new constitution of the Socialist Republic of the Union of Burma was adopted in 1974. Until 1988, the country was ruled as a one-party system, with the general and other military officers resigning and ruling through the Burma Socialist Programme Party (BSPP). During this period, Myanmar became one of the world's most impoverished countries. There were sporadic protests against military rule during the Ne Win years, and these were almost always violently suppressed. On 7 July 1962, the government broke up demonstrations at Rangoon University, killing 15 students. In 1974, the military violently suppressed anti-government protests at the funeral of U Thant. Student protests in 1975, 1976, and 1977 were quickly suppressed by overwhelming force.In 1988, unrest over economic mismanagement and political oppression by the government led to widespread pro-democracy demonstrations throughout the country known as the 8888 Uprising. Security forces killed thousands of demonstrators, and General Saw Maung staged a coup d'état and formed the State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC). In 1989, SLORC declared martial law after widespread protests. The military government finalised plans for People's Assembly elections on 31 May 1989. SLORC changed the country's official English name from the "Socialist Republic of the Union of Burma" to the "Union of Myanmar" on 18 June 1989 by enacting the adaptation of the expression law.
In May 1990, the government held free multiparty elections for the first time in almost 30 years, and the National League for Democracy (NLD), the party of Aung San Suu Kyi, won earning 392 out of a total 492 seats (i.e., 80% of the seats). However, the military junta refused to cede power and continued to rule the nation, first as SLORC and, from 1997, as the State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) until its dissolution in March 2011. General Than Shwe took over the Chairmanship – effectively the position of Myanmar's top ruler – from General Saw Maung in 1992 and held it until 2011.On 23 June 1997, Myanmar was admitted into the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. On 27 March 2006, the military junta, which had moved the national capital from Yangon to a site near Pyinmana in November 2005, officially named the new capital Naypyidaw, meaning "city of the kings".
In August 2007, an increase in the price of fuel led to the Saffron Revolution led by Buddhist monks that were dealt with harshly by the government. The government cracked down on them on 26 September 2007, with reports of barricades at the Shwedagon Pagoda and monks killed. There were also rumours of disagreement within the Burmese armed forces, but none was confirmed. The military crackdown against unarmed protesters was widely condemned as part of the international reactions to the Saffron Revolution and led to an increase in economic sanctions against the Burmese Government.
In May 2008, Cyclone Nargis caused extensive damage in the densely populated rice-farming delta of the Irrawaddy Division. It was the worst natural disaster in Burmese history with reports of an estimated 200,000 people dead or missing, damages totalled to 10 billion US dollars, and as many as 1 million were left homeless. In the critical days following this disaster, Myanmar's isolationist government was accused of hindering United Nations recovery efforts. Humanitarian aid was requested, but concerns about foreign military or intelligence presence in the country delayed the entry of United States military planes delivering medicine, food, and other supplies.In early August 2009, a conflict broke out in Shan State in northern Myanmar. For several weeks, junta troops fought against ethnic minorities including the Han Chinese, Wa, and Kachin. During 8–12 August, the first days of the conflict, as many as 10,000 Burmese civilians fled to Yunnan in neighbouring China.

 Civil wars 

Civil wars have been a constant feature of Myanmar's socio-political landscape since the attainment of independence in 1948. These wars are predominantly struggles for ethnic and sub-national autonomy, with the areas surrounding the ethnically Bamar central districts of the country serving as the primary geographical setting of conflict. Foreign journalists and visitors require a special travel permit to visit the areas in which Myanmar's civil wars continue.In October 2012, the ongoing conflicts in Myanmar included the Kachin conflict, between the Pro-Christian Kachin Independence Army and the government; a civil war between the Rohingya Muslims and the government and non-government groups in Rakhine State; and a conflict between the Shan, Lahu, and Karen minority groups, and the government in the eastern half of the country. In addition, al-Qaeda signalled an intention to become involved in Myanmar.Armed conflict between ethnic Chinese rebels and the Myanmar Armed Forces resulted in the Kokang offensive in February 2015. The conflict had forced 40,000 to 50,000 civilians to flee their homes and seek shelter on the Chinese side of the border. During the incident, the government of China was accused of giving military assistance to the ethnic Chinese rebels. Clashes between Burmese troops and local insurgent groups have continued, fuelling tensions between China and Myanmar.

 Period of liberalisation, 2011–2021 

The military-backed Government had promulgated a "Roadmap to Discipline-flourishing Democracy" in 1993, but the process appeared to stall several times, until 2008 when the Government published a new draft national constitution, and organised a (flawed) national referendum which adopted it. The new constitution provided for election of a national assembly with powers to appoint a president, while practically ensuring army control at all levels.
A general election in 2010 - the first for twenty years - was boycotted by the NLD. The military-backed Union Solidarity and Development Party declared victory, stating that it had been favoured by 80 per cent of the votes; fraud, however, was alleged. A nominally civilian government was then formed, with retired general Thein Sein as president.A series of liberalising political and economic actions – or reforms – then took place. By the end of 2011 these included the release of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from house arrest, the establishment of the National Human Rights Commission, the granting of general amnesties for more than 200 political prisoners, new labour laws that permitted labour unions and strikes, a relaxation of press censorship, and the regulation of currency practices. In response, United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Myanmar in December 2011 – the first visit by a US Secretary of State in more than fifty years – meeting both President Thein Sein and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party participated in the 2012 by-elections, facilitated by the government's abolition of the laws that previously barred it. In the April 2012 by-elections, the NLD won 43 of the 45 available seats. The 2012 by-elections were also the first time that international representatives were allowed to monitor the voting process in Myanmar.Myanmar's improved international reputation was indicated by ASEAN's approval of Myanmar's bid for the position of ASEAN chair in 2014.

 2015 general elections 
General elections were held on 8 November 2015. These were the first openly contested elections held in Myanmar since the 1990 general election (which was annulled). The results gave the NLD an absolute majority of seats in both chambers of the national parliament, enough to ensure that its candidate would become president, while NLD leader Aung San Suu Kyi is constitutionally barred from the presidency.The new parliament convened on 1 February 2016, and on 15 March 2016, Htin Kyaw was elected as the first non-military president since the military coup of 1962. On 6 April 2016, Aung San Suu Kyi assumed the newly created role of state counsellor, a role akin to a prime minister.

 Coup d'état and civil war 

In Myanmar's 2020 parliamentary election, the ostensibly ruling National League for Democracy (NLD), the party of State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi, competed with various other smaller parties – particularly the military-affiliated Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP). Suu Kyi's NLD won the 2020 Myanmar general election on 8 November in a landslide, The USDP, regarded as a proxy for the military, suffered a "humiliating" defeat – even worse than in 2015 – capturing only 33 of the 476 elected seats.As the election results began emerging, the USDP rejected them, urging a new election with the military as observers. More than 90 other smaller parties contested the vote, including more than 15 who complained of irregularities. However, election observers declared there were no major irregularities. However, despite the election commission validating the NLD's overwhelming victory, the USDP and Myanmar's military persistently alleged fraud.
In January, 2021, just before the new parliament was to be sworn in, The NLD announced that Suu Kyi would retain her State Counsellor role in the upcoming government.
In the early morning of 1 February 2021, the day parliament was set to convene, the Tatmadaw, Myanmar's military, detained Suu Kyi and other members of the ruling party. The military handed power to military chief Min Aung Hlaing and declared a state of emergency for one year and began closing the borders, restricting travel and electronic communications nationwide. The military announced it would replace the existing election commission with a new one, and a military media outlet indicated new elections would be held in about one year – though the military avoided making an official commitment to that. The military expelled NLD party Members of Parliament from the capital city, Naypyidaw. By 15 March 2021 the military leadership continued to extend martial law into more parts of Yangon, while security forces killed 38 people in a single day of violence.
By the second day of the coup, thousands of protesters were marching in the streets of Yangon, and other protests erupted nationwide, largely halting commerce and transportation. Despite the military's arrests and killings of protesters, the first weeks of the coup found growing public participation, including groups of civil servants, teachers, students, workers, monks and religious leaders – even normally disaffected ethnic minorities.The coup was immediately condemned by the United Nations Secretary General, and leaders of democratic nations. The U.S. threatened sanctions on the military and its leaders, including a "freeze" of US$1 billion of their assets in the U.S. India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Russia, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines and China refrained from criticizing the military coup. A United Nations Security Council resolution called for the release of Aung San Suu Kyi and the other detained leaders – a position shared by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.International development and aid partners – business, non-governmental, and governmental – hinted at suspension of partnerships with Myanmar. Banks were closed and social media communications platforms, including Facebook and Twitter, removed Tatmadaw postings. Protesters appeared at Myanmar embassies in foreign countries. The National Unity Government then declared the formation of an armed wing on 5 May 2021, a date that is often cited as the start of a full-scale civil war. This armed wing was named the People's Defence Force (PDF) to protect its supporters from military junta attacks and as a first step towards a Federal Union Army. The civil war is ongoing as of 2024.

 Geography 

Myanmar has a total area of 678,500 square kilometres (262,000 sq mi). It lies between latitudes 9° and 29°N, and longitudes 92° and 102°E. Myanmar is bordered in the northwest by the Chittagong Division of Bangladesh and the Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh states of India. Its north and northeast border is with the Tibet Autonomous Region and Yunnan for a Sino-Myanmar border total of 2,185 km (1,358 mi). It is bounded by Laos and Thailand to the southeast. Myanmar has 1,930 km (1,200 mi) of contiguous coastline along the Bay of Bengal and Andaman Sea to the southwest and the south, which forms one quarter of its total perimeter.In the north, the Hengduan Mountains form the border with China. Hkakabo Razi, located in Kachin State, at an elevation of 5,881 metres (19,295 ft), is the highest point in Myanmar. Many mountain ranges, such as the Rakhine Yoma, the Bago Yoma, the Shan Hills and the Tenasserim Hills exist within Myanmar, all of which run north-to-south from the Himalayas. The mountain chains divide Myanmar's three river systems, which are the Irrawaddy, Salween (Thanlwin), and the Sittaung rivers. The Irrawaddy River, Myanmar's longest river at nearly 2,170 kilometres (1,348 mi), flows into the Gulf of Martaban. Fertile plains exist in the valleys between the mountain chains. The majority of Myanmar's population lives in the Irrawaddy valley, which is situated between the Rakhine Yoma and the Shan Plateau.

 Administrative divisions 

Myanmar is divided into seven states (ပြည်နယ်) and seven regions (တိုင်းဒေသကြီး), formerly called divisions. Regions are predominantly Bamar (that is, mainly inhabited by Myanmar's dominant ethnic group). States, in essence, are regions that are home to particular ethnic minorities. The administrative divisions are further subdivided into districts, which are further subdivided into townships, wards, and villages.
Below are the number of districts, townships, cities/towns, wards, village groups and villages in each division and state of Myanmar as of 31 December 2001:

 Climate 

Much of the country lies between the Tropic of Cancer and the Equator. It lies in the monsoon region of Asia, with its coastal regions receiving over 5,000 mm (196.9 in) of rain annually. Annual rainfall in the delta region is approximately 2,500 mm (98.4 in), while average annual rainfall in the dry zone in central Myanmar is less than 1,000 mm (39.4 in). The northern regions of Myanmar are the coolest, with average temperatures of 21 °C (70 °F). Coastal and delta regions have an average maximum temperature of 32 °C (89.6 °F).
Previously and currently analysed data, as well as future projections on changes caused by climate change predict serious consequences to development for all economic, productive, social, and environmental sectors in Myanmar. In order to combat the hardships ahead and do its part to help combat climate change Myanmar has displayed interest in expanding its use of renewable energy and lowering its level of carbon emissions. Groups involved in helping Myanmar with the transition and move forward include the UN Environment Programme, Myanmar Climate Change Alliance, and the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environmental Conservation which directed in producing the final draft of the Myanmar national climate change policy that was presented to various sectors of the Myanmar government for review.In April 2015, it was announced that the World Bank and Myanmar would enter a full partnership framework aimed to better access to electricity and other basic services for about six million people and expected to benefit three million pregnant woman and children through improved health services. Acquired funding and proper planning has allowed Myanmar to better prepare for the impacts of climate change by enacting programs which teach its people new farming methods, rebuild its infrastructure with materials resilient to natural disasters, and transition various sectors towards reducing greenhouse gas emissions.

 Biodiversity 

Myanmar is a biodiverse country with more than 16,000 plant, 314 mammal, 1131 bird, 293 reptile, and 139 amphibian species, and 64 terrestrial ecosystems including tropical and subtropical vegetation, seasonally inundated wetlands, shoreline and tidal systems, and alpine ecosystems. Myanmar houses some of the largest intact natural ecosystems in Southeast Asia, but the remaining ecosystems are under threat from land use intensification and over-exploitation. According to the IUCN Red List of Ecosystems categories and criteria more than a third of Myanmar's land area has been converted to anthropogenic ecosystems over the last 2–3 centuries, and nearly half of its ecosystems are threatened. Despite large gaps in information for some ecosystems, there is a large potential to develop a comprehensive protected area network that protects its terrestrial biodiversity.Myanmar continues to perform badly in the global Environmental Performance Index (EPI) with an overall ranking of 153 out of 180 countries in 2016, among the worst in the South Asian region. The environmental areas where Myanmar performs worst (i.e. highest ranking) are air quality (174), health impacts of environmental issues (143) and biodiversity and habitat (142). Myanmar performs best (i.e. lowest ranking) in environmental impacts of fisheries (21) but with declining fish stocks. Despite several issues, Myanmar also ranks 64 and scores very good (i.e. a high percentage of 93.73%) in environmental effects of the agricultural industry because of an excellent management of the nitrogen cycle. Myanmar is one of the most highly vulnerable countries to climate change; this poses a number of social, political, economic and foreign policy challenges to the country. The country had a 2019 Forest Landscape Integrity Index mean score of 7.18/10, ranking it 49th globally out of 172 countries.Myanmar's slow economic growth has contributed to the preservation of much of its environment and ecosystems. Forests, including dense tropical growth and valuable teak in lower Myanmar, cover over 49% of the country, including areas of acacia, bamboo, ironwood and Magnolia champaca. Coconut and betel palm and rubber have been introduced. In the highlands of the north, oak, pine and various rhododendrons cover much of the land.Heavy logging since the new 1995 forestry law went into effect has seriously reduced forest area and wildlife habitat. The lands along the coast support all varieties of tropical fruits and once had large areas of mangroves although much of the protective mangroves have disappeared. In much of central Myanmar (the dry zone), vegetation is sparse and stunted.
Typical jungle animals, particularly tigers, occur sparsely in Myanmar. In upper Myanmar, there are rhinoceros, wild water buffalo, clouded leopard, wild boars, deer, antelope, and elephants, which are also tamed or bred in captivity for use as work animals, particularly in the lumber industry. Smaller mammals are also numerous, ranging from gibbons and monkeys to flying foxes. The abundance of birds is notable with over 800 species, including parrots, myna, peafowl, red junglefowl, weaverbirds, crows, herons, and barn owl. Among reptile species there are crocodiles, geckos, cobras, Burmese pythons, and turtles. Hundreds of species of freshwater fish are wide-ranging, plentiful and are very important food sources.

 Government and politics 

Myanmar operates de jure as a unitary assembly-independent republic under its 2008 constitution. But in February 2021, the civilian government led by Aung San Suu Kyi, was deposed by the Tatmadaw. In February 2021, Myanmar military declared a one-year state emergency and First Vice President Myint Swe became the Acting President of Myanmar and handed the power to the Commander-in-Chief of Defence Services Min Aung Hlaing and he assumed the role Chairman of the State Administration Council, then Prime Minister. The President of Myanmar acts as the de jure head of state and the Chairman of the State Administration Council acts as the de facto head of government.
The constitution of Myanmar, its third since independence, was drafted by its military rulers and published in September 2008. The country is governed as a parliamentary system with a bicameral legislature (with an executive president accountable to the legislature), with 25% of the legislators appointed by the military and the rest elected in general elections.
The legislature, called the Assembly of the Union, is bicameral and made up of two houses: the 224-seat upper House of Nationalities and the 440-seat lower House of Representatives. The upper house consists 168 members who are directly elected and 56 who are appointed by the Burmese Armed Forces. The lower house consists of 330 members who are directly elected and 110 who are appointed by the armed forces.

 Political culture 
The major political parties are the National League for Democracy and the Union Solidarity and Development Party.
Myanmar's army-drafted constitution was approved in a referendum in May 2008. The results, 92.4% of the 22 million voters with an official turnout of 99%, are considered suspect by many international observers and by the National League of Democracy with reports of widespread fraud, ballot stuffing, and voter intimidation.The elections of 2010 resulted in a victory for the military-backed Union Solidarity and Development Party. Various foreign observers questioned the fairness of the elections. One criticism of the election was that only government-sanctioned political parties were allowed to contest in it and the popular National League for Democracy was declared illegal. However, immediately following the elections, the government ended the house arrest of the democracy advocate and leader of the National League for Democracy, Aung San Suu Kyi, and her ability to move freely around the country is considered an important test of the military's movement toward more openness.Myanmar rates as a corrupt nation on the Corruption Perceptions Index with a rank of 130th out of 180 countries worldwide, with 1st being least corrupt, as of 2019.

 Foreign relations 

Though the country's foreign relations, particularly with Western nations, have historically been strained, the situation has markedly improved since the reforms following the 2010 elections. After years of diplomatic isolation and economic and military sanctions, the United States relaxed curbs on foreign aid to Myanmar in November 2011 and announced the resumption of diplomatic relations on 13 January 2012 The European Union has placed sanctions on Myanmar, including an arms embargo, cessation of trade preferences, and suspension of all aid with the exception of humanitarian aid.Sanctions imposed by the United States and European countries against the former military government, coupled with boycotts and other direct pressure on corporations by supporters of the democracy movement, have resulted in the withdrawal from the country of most U.S. and many European companies. Despite Western isolation, Asian corporations have generally remained willing to continue investing in the country and to initiate new investments, particularly in natural resource extraction. The country has close relations with neighbouring India and China with several Indian and Chinese companies operating in the country. Under India's Look East policy, fields of co-operation between India and Myanmar include remote sensing, oil and gas exploration, information technology, hydropower and construction of ports and buildings. Myanmar also has close political relations with Vietnam and Japan.In May 2013, Thein Sein became the first Myanmar president to visit the White House in 47 years. President Barack Obama praised the former general for political and economic reforms and the cessation of tensions between Myanmar and the United States. Political activists objected to the visit because of concerns over human rights abuses in Myanmar, but Obama assured Thein Sein that Myanmar will receive U.S. support. The two governments agreed to sign a bilateral trade and investment framework agreement on 21 May 2013.In June 2013, Myanmar held its first ever summit, the World Economic Forum on East Asia 2013. A regional spinoff of the annual World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, the summit was held on 5–7 June and attended by 1,200 participants, including 10 heads of state, 12 ministers and 40 senior directors from around the world.

 Military 

Myanmar has received extensive military aid from China in the past.
Myanmar has been a member of ASEAN since 1997. Though it gave up its turn to hold the ASEAN chair and host the ASEAN Summit in 2006, it chaired the forum and hosted the summit in 2014. In November 2008, Myanmar's political situation with neighbouring Bangladesh became tense as they began searching for natural gas in a disputed block of the Bay of Bengal. Controversy surrounding the Rohingya population also remains an issue between Bangladesh and Myanmar.Myanmar's armed forces are known as the Tatmadaw, which numbers 488,000. The Tatmadaw comprises the Army, the Navy, and the Air Force. The country ranked twelfth in the world for its number of active troops in service. The military is very influential in Myanmar, with all top cabinet and ministry posts usually held by military officials. Official figures for military spending are not available. Estimates vary widely because of uncertain exchange rates, but Myanmar's military forces' expenses are high. Myanmar imports most of its weapons from Russia, Ukraine, China and India.
Myanmar is building a research nuclear reactor near Pyin Oo Lwin with help from Russia. It is one of the signatories of the nuclear non-proliferation pact since 1992 and a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) since 1957. The military junta had informed the IAEA in September 2000 of its intention to construct the reactor. In 2010 as part of the leaked diplomatic cables, Myanmar was suspected of using North Korean construction teams to build a fortified surface-to-air missile facility. As of 2019, the United States Bureau of Arms Control assessed that Myanmar is not in violation of its obligations under the Non-Proliferation Treaty but that the Myanmar government had a history of non-transparency on its nuclear programs and aims.Until 2005, the United Nations General Assembly annually adopted a detailed resolution about the situation in Myanmar by consensus. But in 2006 a divided United Nations General Assembly voted through a resolution that strongly called upon the government of Myanmar to end its systematic violations of human rights. In January 2007, Russia and China vetoed a draft resolution before the United Nations Security Council calling on the government of Myanmar to respect human rights and begin a democratic transition. South Africa also voted against the resolution.

 Human rights and internal conflicts 

There is consensus that the former military regime in Myanmar (1962–2010) was one of the world's most repressive and abusive regimes. In November 2012, Samantha Power, Barack Obama's Special Assistant to the President on Human Rights, wrote on the White House blog that "Serious human rights abuses against civilians in several regions continue, including against women and children." Members of the United Nations and major international human rights organisations have issued repeated and consistent reports of widespread and systematic human rights violations in Myanmar. The United Nations General Assembly has repeatedly called on the Burmese military junta to respect human rights and in November 2009 the General Assembly adopted a resolution "strongly condemning the ongoing systematic violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms" and calling on the Burmese military regime "to take urgent measures to put an end to violations of international human rights and humanitarian law."International human rights organisations including Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have repeatedly documented and condemned widespread human rights violations in Myanmar. The Freedom in the World 2011 report by Freedom House notes, "The military junta has ... suppressed nearly all basic rights; and committed human rights abuses with impunity." In July 2013, the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners indicated that there were approximately 100 political prisoners being held in Burmese prisons. Evidence gathered by a British researcher was published in 2005 regarding the extermination or "Burmisation" of certain ethnic minorities, such as the Karen, Karenni and Shan.
Based on the evidence gathered by Amnesty photographs and video of the ongoing armed conflict between the Myanmar military and the Arakan Army (AA), attacks escalated on civilians in Rakhine State. Ming Yu Hah, Amnesty International's Deputy Regional Director for Campaigns said, the UN Security Council must urgently refer the situation in Myanmar to the International Criminal Court. The military is notorious for rampant use of sexual violence.

 Child soldiers 
Child soldiers were reported in 2012 to have played a major part in the Burmese Army. The Independent reported in June 2012 that "Children are being sold as conscripts into the Burmese military for as little as $40 and a bag of rice or a can of petrol." In September 2012, the Myanmar Armed Forces released 42 child soldiers, and the International Labour Organization met with representatives of the government as well as the Kachin Independence Army to secure the release of more child soldiers.

 Slavery and human trafficking 

Forced labour and human trafficking are common in Myanmar. Human trafficking happens mostly to women who are unemployed and have low incomes. They are deceived by brokers that better opportunities and wages exist for them abroad. In 2017, the government reported 185 trafficking cases. The government of Burma makes little effort to eliminate human trafficking. The U.S. State Department reported that both the government and Tatmadaw were complicit in sex and labour trafficking. Women and girls from all ethnic groups and foreigners have been victims of sex trafficking in Myanmar. They are forced into prostitution, marriages or pregnancies. Sex trafficking in Myanmar has been fuelled by factors like internal conflict, political instability, land confiscation, poor border management, and government restrictions on providing travel documents.A cyber-scam industry in Myanmar’s borderlands has involved human trafficking, forced labour and other abuses. Many of the scam centres are in territories controlled by junta allies like the  Border Guard Force. In August 2023, a report from the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights noted that at least 120,000 people in Myanmar were trapped in such centres by criminal gangs.

 Genocide allegations and crimes against Rohingya people 

The Rohingya people have consistently faced human rights abuses by the Burmese regime that has refused to acknowledge them as Burmese citizens (despite some of them having lived in Burma for over three generations)—the Rohingya have been denied Burmese citizenship since the enactment of a 1982 citizenship law. The Burmese regime has attempted to forcibly expel Rohingya and bring in non-Rohingyas to replace them—this policy has resulted in the expulsion of approximately half of the 800,000 Rohingya from Burma, while the Rohingya people have been described as "among the world's least wanted" and "one of the world's most persecuted minorities."Rohingya are not allowed to travel without official permission, are banned from owning land, and are required to sign a commitment to have no more than two children. As of July 2012, the Myanmar government does not include the Rohingya minority group—classified as stateless Bengali Muslims from Bangladesh since 1982—on the government's list of more than 130 ethnic races and, therefore, the government states that they have no claim to Myanmar citizenship.Since the democratic transition began in 2011, there has been continuous violence as 280 people have been killed and 140,000 forced to flee from their homes in the Rakhine state in 2014. A UN envoy reported in March 2013 that unrest had re-emerged between Myanmar's Buddhist and Muslim communities, with violence spreading to towns that are located closer to Yangon.

 Government reforms 
According to the Crisis Group, since Myanmar transitioned to a new government in August 2011, the country's human rights record has been improving. Previously giving Myanmar its lowest rating of 7, the 2012 Freedom in the World report also notes improvement, giving Myanmar a 6 for improvements in civil liberties and political rights, the release of political prisoners, and a loosening of restrictions. In 2013, Myanmar improved yet again, receiving a score of 5 in civil liberties and 6 in political freedoms.The government has assembled a National Human Rights Commission that consists of 15 members from various backgrounds. Several activists in exile, including Thee Lay Thee Anyeint members, have returned to Myanmar after President Thein Sein's invitation to expatriates to return home to work for national development. In an address to the United Nations Security Council on 22 September 2011, Myanmar's Foreign Minister Wunna Maung Lwin confirmed the government's intention to release prisoners in the near future.
The government has also relaxed reporting laws, but these remain highly restrictive. In September 2011, several banned websites, including YouTube, Democratic Voice of Burma and Voice of America, were unblocked. A 2011 report by the Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations found that, while contact with the Myanmar government was constrained by donor restrictions, international humanitarian non-governmental organisations (NGOs) see opportunities for effective advocacy with government officials, especially at the local level. At the same time, international NGOs are mindful of the ethical quandary of how to work with the government without bolstering or appeasing it. Following Thein Sein's first ever visit to the UK and a meeting with Prime Minister David Cameron, the Myanmar president declared that all of his nation's political prisoners will be released by the end of 2013, in addition to a statement of support for the well-being of the Rohingya Muslim community. In a speech at Chatham House, he revealed that "We [Myanmar government] are reviewing all cases. I guarantee to you that by the end of this year, there will be no prisoners of conscience in Myanmar."Homosexual acts are illegal in Myanmar and can be punishable by life imprisonment.In 2016, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi was accused of failing to protect Myanmar's Muslim minority. Since August 2017 Doctors Without Borders have treated 113 Rohingya refugee females for sexual assault with all but one describing military assailants.

 Economy 

Myanmar's economy is one of the fastest growing economies in the world with a nominal GDP of US$76.09 billion in 2019 and an estimated purchasing power adjusted GDP of US$327.629 billion in 2017 according to the World Bank. Foreigners are able to legally lease but not own property. In December 2014, Myanmar set up its first stock exchange, the Yangon Stock Exchange.The informal economy's share in Myanmar is one of the biggest in the world and is closely linked to corruption, smuggling and illegal trade activities. In addition, decades of civil war and unrest have contributed to Myanmar's current levels of poverty and lack of economic progress. Myanmar lacks adequate infrastructure. Goods travel primarily across the Thai border (where most illegal drugs are exported) and along the Irrawaddy River. Notably, opium production in Myanmar is the world's second-largest source of opium after Afghanistan, producing some 25% of the world's opium, forming part of the Golden Triangle. While opium poppy cultivation in Myanmar had declined year-on-year since 2015, cultivation area increased by 33% totalling 40,100 hectares alongside an 88% increase in yield potential to 790 metric tonnes in 2022 according to latest data from the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) Myanmar Opium Survey 2022. With that said, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) has also warned that opium production in Myanmar may rise again if the economic crunch brought on by COVID-19 and the country's February 1 military coup persists, with significant public health and security consequences for much of Asia. At the same time, the Golden Triangle, and specifically Shan State of Myanmar, is believed to be the largest methamphetamine producing area in the world. The growing signs of an intensification of methamphetamine manufacturing activity within and around the Golden Triangle, and a corresponding decrease in the number of production facilities dismantled in other parts of the region, suggests that methamphetamine manufacture in East and Southeast Asia is now consolidated into the lower Mekong region. Countries in East and Southeast Asia have collectively witnessed sustained increases in seizures of methamphetamine over the last decade, totalling over 171 tons and a record of over 1 billion methamphetamine tablets in 2021 according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, more than any other part of the world. In April and May 2020, Myanmar authorities reported Asia's largest ever drug operation in Shan State totalling what was believed to be 193 million methamphetamine tablets, hundreds of kilogrammes of crystal methamphetamine as well as some heroin, and over 162,000 litres and 35.5 tons of drug precursors as well as sophisticated production equipment and several staging and storage facilities.Both China and India have attempted to strengthen ties with the government for economic benefit in the early 2010s. Many Western nations, including the United States and Canada, and the European Union, historically imposed investment and trade sanctions on Myanmar. The United States and European Union eased most of their sanctions in 2012. From May 2012 to February 2013, the United States began to lift its economic sanctions on Myanmar "in response to the historic reforms that have been taking place in that country." Foreign investment comes primarily from China, Singapore, the Philippines, South Korea, India, and Thailand. The military has stakes in some major industrial corporations of the country (from oil production and consumer goods to transportation and tourism).

 Economic history 
Under the British administration, the people of Burma were at the bottom of the social hierarchy, with Europeans at the top, Indians, Chinese, and Christianized minorities in the middle, and Buddhist Burmese at the bottom. Forcefully integrated into the world economy, Burma's economy grew by involving itself with extractive industries and cash crop agriculture. However, much of the wealth was concentrated in the hands of Europeans. The country became the world's largest exporter of rice, mainly to European markets, while other colonies like India suffered mass starvation. Being a follower of free market principles, the British opened up the country to large-scale immigration with Rangoon exceeding New York City as the greatest immigration port in the world in the 1920s. Historian Thant Myint-U states, "This was out of a total population of only 13 million; it was equivalent to the United Kingdom today taking 2 million people a year." By then, in most of Burma's largest cities, Rangoon, Akyab, Bassein and Moulmein, the Indian immigrants formed a majority of the population. The Burmese under British rule felt helpless, and reacted with a "racism that combined feelings of superiority and fear".Crude oil production, an indigenous industry of Yenangyaung, was taken over by the British and put under Burmah Oil monopoly. British Burma began exporting crude oil in 1853. European firms produced 75% of the world's teak. The wealth was, however, mainly concentrated in the hands of Europeans. In the 1930s, agricultural production fell dramatically as international rice prices declined and did not recover for several decades. During the Japanese invasion of Burma in World War II, the British followed a scorched earth policy. They destroyed major government buildings, oil wells and mines that developed for tungsten (Mawchi), tin, lead and silver to keep them from the Japanese. Myanmar was bombed extensively by the Allies.After independence, the country was in ruins with its major infrastructure completely destroyed. With the loss of India, Burma lost relevance and obtained independence from the British. After a parliamentary government was formed in 1948, Prime Minister U Nu embarked upon a policy of nationalisation and the state was declared the owner of all of the land in Burma. The government tried to implement an eight-year plan partly financed by injecting money into the economy, but this caused inflation to rise. The 1962 coup d'état was followed by an economic scheme called the Burmese Way to Socialism, a plan to nationalise all industries, with the exception of agriculture. While the economy continued to grow at a slower rate, the country eschewed a Western-oriented development model, and by the 1980s, was left behind capitalist powerhouses like Singapore which were integrated with Western economies. Myanmar asked for admittance to a least developed country status in 1987 to receive debt relief.

 Agriculture 

The major agricultural product is rice, which covers about 60% of the country's total cultivated land area. Rice accounts for 97% of total food grain production by weight. Through collaboration with the International Rice Research Institute, 52 modern rice varieties were released in the country between 1966 and 1997, helping increase national rice production to 14 million tons in 1987 and to 19 million tons in 1996. By 1988, modern varieties were planted on half of the country's ricelands, including 98 percent of the irrigated areas. In 2008 rice production was estimated at 50 million tons.

 Extractive industries 
Myanmar produces precious stones such as rubies, sapphires, pearls, and jade. Rubies are the biggest earner; 90% of the world's rubies come from the country, whose red stones are prized for their purity and hue. Thailand buys the majority of the country's gems. Myanmar's "Valley of Rubies", the mountainous Mogok area, 200 km (120 mi) north of Mandalay, is noted for its rare pigeon's blood rubies and blue sapphires.Many U.S. and European jewellery companies, including Bulgari, Tiffany and Cartier, refuse to import these stones based on reports of deplorable working conditions in the mines. Human Rights Watch has encouraged a complete ban on the purchase of Burmese gems based on these reports and because nearly all profits go to the ruling junta, as the majority of mining activity in the country is government-run. The government of Myanmar controls the gem trade by direct ownership or by joint ventures with private owners of mines.Rare-earth elements are also a significant export, as Myanmar supplies around 10% of the world's rare earths. Conflict in Kachin State has threatened the operations of its mines as of February 2021.Other industries include agricultural goods, textiles, wood products, construction materials, gems, metals, oil and natural gas. Myanmar Engineering Society has identified at least 39 locations capable of geothermal power production and some of these hydrothermal reservoirs lie quite close to Yangon which is a significant underutilised resource for electrical production.

 Tourism 

The government receives a significant percentage of the income of private-sector tourism services. The most popular available tourist destinations in Myanmar include big cities such as Yangon and Mandalay; religious sites in Mon State, Pindaya, Bago and Hpa-An; nature trails in Inle Lake, Kengtung, Putao, Pyin Oo Lwin; ancient cities such as Bagan and Mrauk-U; as well as beaches in Nabule, Ngapali, Ngwe-Saung, and Mergui. Nevertheless, much of the country is off-limits to tourists, and interactions between foreigners and the people of Myanmar, particularly in the border regions, are subject to police scrutiny. They are not to discuss politics with foreigners, under penalty of imprisonment and, in 2001, the Myanmar Tourism Promotion Board issued an order for local officials to protect tourists and limit "unnecessary contact" between foreigners and ordinary Burmese people.The most common way for travellers to enter the country is by air. According to the website Lonely Planet, getting into Myanmar is problematic: "No bus or train service connects Myanmar with another country, nor can you travel by car or motorcycle across the border – you must walk across." They further state that "It is not possible for foreigners to go to/from Myanmar by sea or river." There are a few border crossings that allow the passage of private vehicles, such as the border between Ruili (China) to Mu-se, the border between Htee Kee (Myanmar) and Phu Nam Ron (Thailand)—the most direct border between Dawei and Kanchanaburi, and the border between Myawaddy and Mae Sot, Thailand. At least one tourist company has successfully run commercial overland routes through these borders since 2013.Flights are available from most countries, though direct flights are limited to mainly Thai and other ASEAN airlines. According to Eleven magazine, "In the past, there were only 15 international airlines and increasing numbers of airlines have begun launching direct flights from Japan, Qatar, Taiwan, South Korea, Germany and Singapore."

 Demographics 

The provisional results of the 2014 Myanmar Census showed that the total population was 51,419,420. This figure includes an estimated 1,206,353 persons in parts of northern Rakhine State, Kachin State and Kayin State who were not counted. People who were out of the country at the time of the census are not included in these figures. There are over 600,000 registered migrant workers from Myanmar in Thailand, and millions more work illegally. Burmese citizens account for 80% of all migrant workers in Thailand. At the beginning of the 20th century, Burma's population was approximately 10 million. The national population density is 76 per square kilometre (200/sq mi), among the lowest in Southeast Asia.
Myanmar's fertility rate in 2011 was 2.23, slightly above the replacement level and low compared to Southeast Asian countries of similar economic standing. There has been a significant decline in fertility in the 2000s, from a rate of 4.7 children per woman in 1983, down to 2.4 in 2001, despite the absence of any national population policy. The fertility rate is much lower in urban areas.
The relatively rapid decline in fertility is attributed to several factors, including extreme delays in marriage (almost unparalleled among developing countries in the region), the prevalence of illegal abortions, and the high proportion of single, unmarried women of reproductive age, with 25.9% of women aged 30–34 and 33.1% of men and women aged 25–34 being single.These patterns stem from economic dynamics, including high income inequality, which results in residents of reproductive age opting for delay of marriage and family-building in favour of attempting to find employment and establish some form of wealth; the average age of marriage in Myanmar is 27.5 for men, 26.4 for women.

 Largest cities 

 Ethnic groups 

Myanmar is ethnically diverse. The government recognises 135 distinct ethnic groups. There are at least 108 different ethnolinguistic groups in Myanmar, consisting mainly of distinct Tibeto-Burman peoples, but with sizeable populations of Tai–Kadai, Hmong–Mien, and Austroasiatic (Mon–Khmer) peoples.The Bamar form an estimated 68% of the population. 10% of the population are Shan. The Kayin make up 7% of the population. The Rakhine people constitute 4% of the population. Overseas Chinese form approximately 3% of the population. Myanmar's ethnic minority groups prefer the term "ethnic nationality" over "ethnic minority" as the term "minority" furthers their sense of insecurity in the face of what is often described as "Burmanisation"—the proliferation and domination of the dominant Bamar culture over minority cultures.
Mon, who form 2% of the population, are ethno-linguistically related to the Khmer. Overseas Indians are 2%. The remainder are Kachin, Chin, Rohingya, Anglo-Indians, Gurkha, Nepali and other ethnic minorities. Included in this group are the Anglo-Burmese. Once forming a large and influential community, the Anglo-Burmese left the country in steady streams from 1958 onwards, principally to Australia and the United Kingdom. It is estimated that 52,000 Anglo-Burmese remain in Myanmar. As of 2009, 110,000 Burmese refugees were living in refugee camps in Thailand.Refugee camps exist along Indian, Bangladeshi and Thai borders while several thousand are in Malaysia. Conservative estimates state that there are over 295,800 minority refugees from Myanmar, with the majority being Rohingya, Karen, and Karenni are principally located along the Thai-Myanmar border. There are nine permanent refugee camps along the Thai-Myanmar border, most of which were established in the mid-1980s. The refugee camps are under the care of the Thai-Burma Border Consortium (TBBC). Since 2006, over 55,000 Burmese refugees have been resettled in the United States.The persecution of Burmese Indians, Burmese Chinese and other ethnic groups after the military coup headed by General Ne Win in 1962 led to the expulsion or emigration of 300,000 people. They migrated to escape racial discrimination and the wholesale nationalisation of private enterprise that took place in 1964. The Anglo-Burmese at this time either fled the country or changed their names and blended in with the broader Burmese society.
Many Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar. Many refugees headed to neighbouring Bangladesh, including 200,000 in 1978 as a result of the King Dragon operation in Arakan. 250,000 more left in 1991.

 Languages 

Myanmar is home to four major language families: Sino-Tibetan, Tai–Kadai, Austroasiatic, and Indo-European. Sino-Tibetan languages are most widely spoken. They include Burmese, Karen, Kachin, Chin, and Chinese (mainly Hokkien). The primary Tai–Kadai language is Shan. Mon, Palaung, and Wa are the major Austroasiatic languages spoken in Myanmar. The two major Indo-European languages are Pali, the liturgical language of Theravada Buddhism, and English. More than a hundred languages are spoken in total. Since many of them are known only within small tribes around the country, they may have been lost (many if not all) after a few generations.
Burmese, the mother tongue of the Bamar and official language of Myanmar, is related to Tibetan and Chinese. It is written in a script consisting of circular and semi-circular letters, which were adapted from the Mon script, which in turn was developed from a southern Indian script in the 5th century. The earliest known inscriptions in the Burmese script date from the 11th century. It is also used to write Pali, the sacred language of Theravada Buddhism, as well as several ethnic minority languages, including Shan, several Karen dialects, and Kayah (Karenni), with the addition of specialised characters and diacritics for each language.

 Religion 

Many religions are practised in Myanmar. Religious edifices and orders have been in existence for many years. The Christian and Muslim populations do, however, face religious persecution and it is hard, if not impossible, for non-Buddhists to join the army or get government jobs, the main route to success in the country. Such persecution and targeting of civilians is particularly notable in eastern Myanmar, where over 3,000 villages have been destroyed in the past ten years. More than 200,000 Muslims have fled to Bangladesh by 2007 to escape persecution.A large majority of the population practices Buddhism; estimates range from 80% to 89%. According to 2014 Myanmar Census, 87.9% of the population identifies as Buddhists. Theravāda Buddhism is the most widespread. There are some 500,000 Buddhist monks and 75,000 nuns in this country of 54 million. Other religions are practised largely without obstruction, with the notable exception of some religious minorities such as the Rohingya people, who have continued to have their citizenship status denied and treated as illegal immigrants instead, and Christians in Chin State.According to 2014 census, 6.2% of the population identifies as Christian; 4.3% as Muslim; 0.8% as followers of tribal religions; 0.5% as Hindus; 0.2% as followers of other religions; and 0.1% follow no religion. According to the 2010 estimates of the Pew Research Center, 7% of the population is Christian; 4% is Muslim; 1% follows traditional animistic beliefs; and 2% follow other religions, including Mahayana Buddhism, Hinduism, and East Asian religions. Jehovah's Witnesses have been present since 1914 and have about 80 congregations around the country and a branch office in Yangon publishing in 16 languages. A tiny Jewish community in Yangon had a synagogue but no resident rabbi.
Although Hinduism is practised by 0.5% of the population, it was a major religion in Myanmar's past. Burmese folk religion is practised by many Bamars alongside Buddhism.

 Health 

The general state of health care in Myanmar is poor. The government spends anywhere from 0.5% to 3% of the country's GDP on health care, consistently ranking among the lowest in the world. Although health care is nominally free, in reality, patients have to pay for medicine and treatment, even in public clinics and hospitals. Public hospitals lack many of the basic facilities and equipment. The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births for Myanmar is 240. This is compared with 219.3 in 2008 and 662 in 1990. The under 5 mortality rate, per 1,000 births is 73 and the neonatal mortality as a percentage of under 5's mortality is 47. According to Doctors without Borders, 25,000 Burmese AIDS patients died in 2007, deaths that could largely have been prevented by antiretroviral therapy drugs and proper treatment.HIV/AIDS, recognised as a disease of concern by the Myanmar Ministry of Health, is most prevalent among sex workers and intravenous drug users. In 2005, the estimated adult HIV prevalence rate in Myanmar was 1.3% (200,000–570,000 people), according to UNAIDS, and early indicators of any progress against the HIV epidemic are inconsistent. However, the National AIDS Programme Myanmar found that 32% of sex workers and 43% of intravenous drug users in Myanmar have HIV.

 Education 

According to the UNESCO Institute of Statistics, Myanmar's official literacy rate as of 2000 was 90%. Historically, Myanmar has had high literacy rates. The educational system of Myanmar is operated by the government agency, the Ministry of Education. The education system is based on the United Kingdom's system after nearly a century of British and Christian presences in Myanmar. Nearly all schools are government-operated, but there has been an increase in privately funded English language schools in the early 21st century. Schooling is compulsory until the end of elementary school, approximately 9 years old, while the compulsory schooling age is 15 or 16 at international level.
There are 101 universities, 12 institutes, 9 degree colleges and 24 colleges in Myanmar, a total of 146 higher education institutions. There are 10 technical training schools, 23 nursing training schools, 1 sport academy and 20 midwifery schools. There are four international schools acknowledged by WASC and College Board—The International School Yangon, Myanmar International School, Yangon International School, and International School of Myanmar in Yangon. Myanmar was ranked 127th in the Global Innovation Index in 2021.

 Crime 

Myanmar had a murder rate of 15.2 per 100,000 population with a total of 8,044 murders in 2012. Factors influencing Myanmar's high murder rate include communal violence and armed conflict. Myanmar is one of the world's most corrupt nations. The 2012 Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index ranked the country at number 171, out of 176 countries in total. Myanmar is the world's second largest producer of opium after Afghanistan, producing some 25% of the world's opium, and forms part of the Golden Triangle. The opium industry was a monopoly during colonial times and has since been illegally operated by corrupt officials in the Burmese military and rebel fighters, primarily as the basis for heroin manufacture. Myanmar is the largest producer of methamphetamines in the world, with the majority of Ya ba found in Thailand produced in Myanmar, particularly in the Golden Triangle and northeastern Shan State, which borders Thailand, Laos and China. Burmese-produced ya ba is typically trafficked to Thailand via Laos, before being transported through the northeastern Thai region of Isan.

 Culture 

A diverse range of indigenous cultures exist in Myanmar, with majority culture primarily Buddhist and Bamar. Bamar culture has been influenced by the cultures of neighbouring countries, manifested in its language, cuisine, music, dance and theatre. The arts, particularly literature, have historically been influenced by the local form of Theravada Buddhism. Considered the national epic of Myanmar, the Yama Zatdaw, an adaptation of India's Ramayana, has been influenced greatly by Thai, Mon, and Indian versions of the play. Buddhism is practised along with nat worship, which involves elaborate rituals to propitiate one from a pantheon of 37 nats.
In a traditional village, the monastery is the centre of cultural life. Monks are venerated and supported by the lay people. A novitiation ceremony called shinbyu is the most important coming of age events for a boy, during which he enters the monastery for a short time. All male children in Buddhist families are encouraged to be a novice (beginner for Buddhism) before the age of twenty and to be a monk after the age of twenty. Girls have ear-piercing ceremonies (နားသ) at the same time. Burmese culture is most evident in villages where local festivals are held throughout the year, the most important being the pagoda festival. Many villages have a guardian nat, and superstition and taboos are commonplace.

British colonial rule introduced Western elements of culture to Myanmar. Myanmar's education system is modelled after that of the United Kingdom. Colonial architectural influences are most evident in major cities such as Yangon. Many ethnic minorities, particularly the Karen in the southeast and the Kachin and Chin who populate the north and northeast, practice Christianity. According to The World Factbook, the Burman population is 68% and the ethnic groups constitute 32%. In contrast, the exiled leaders and organisations claim the country is 40% ethnic.

 Cuisine 

Burmese cuisine is characterised by extensive use of fish products such as fish sauce, ngapi (fermented seafood) and dried prawn. Mohinga is the traditional breakfast dish and is Myanmar's national dish. Seafood is a common ingredient in coastal cities, while meat and poultry are more commonly used in landlocked cities like Mandalay. Freshwater fish and shrimp have been incorporated into inland cooking as a primary source of protein and are used in a variety of ways, fresh, salted whole or filleted, salted and dried, made into a salty paste, or fermented sour and pressed. Burmese cuisine also includes a variety of salads (a thoke), centred on one major ingredient, ranging from starches like rice, wheat and rice noodles, glass noodles and vermicelli, to potato, ginger, tomato, kaffir lime, long bean, and lahpet (pickled tea leaves).

 Sport 

The Lethwei, Bando, Banshay, and Pongyi thaing martial arts and chinlone are traditional sports in Myanmar. Football is played all over the country, even in villages, and its national team is ruled by the Myanmar Football Federation. The 2013 Southeast Asian Games took place in Naypyidaw, Yangon, Mandalay and Ngwesaung Beach in December representing the third occasion that the event has been staged in Myanmar. Myanmar previously hosted the games in 1961 and 1969.

 Art 

Burmese traditional art concepts are popular and respected by the Burmese people and people from abroad. Burmese contemporary art has developed quite rapidly on its own terms. Artists born after the 1980s have had greater chances of art practice outside the country.
One of the first to study western art was Ba Nyan. Together with Ngwe Gaing and a handful of other artists, they were the pioneers of western painting style. Later on most young children learned the concepts from them. Some well known contemporary artists are Lun Gywe, Aung Kyaw Htet, MPP Yei Myint, Myint Swe, Min Wai Aung, Aung Myint, Kin Maung Yin, Po Po and Zaw Zaw Aung.

 Media and communications 

Because of Myanmar's political climate, there are not many media companies in relation to the country's population. Some are privately owned. All programming must meet with the approval of the censorship board. The Burmese government announced on 20 August 2012 that it would stop censoring media before publication. Following the announcement, newspapers and other outlets no longer required approved by state censors; however, journalists in the country can still face consequences for what they write and say. In April 2013, international media reports were published to relay the enactment of the media liberalisation reforms that we announced in August 2012. For the first time in numerous decades, the publication of privately owned newspapers commenced in the country.

 Internet 

Internet use is estimated to be relatively low compared to other countries. Myanmar's internet used to be subject to censorship, and authorities viewed e-mails and posts on Internet blogs until 2012 when the government removed media censorship. During the strict censorship days, activity at internet cafes was regulated, and one blogger named Zarganar was sentenced to prison for publishing a video of destruction caused by Cyclone Nargis in 2008; Zarganar was released in October 2011.
In regards to communications infrastructure, Myanmar is the last ranked Asian country in the World Economic Forum's Networked Readiness Index (NRI) – an indicator for determining the development level of a country's information and communication technologies. With 139 countries reported on, Myanmar ranked number 133 overall in the 2016 NRI ranking.

 Film 

Myanmar's first film was a documentary of the funeral of Tun Shein—a leading politician of the 1910s, who campaigned for Burmese independence in London. The first Burmese silent film Myitta Ne Thuya (Love and Liquor) in 1920 which proved a major success, despite its poor quality. During the 1920s and 1930s, many Burmese-owned film companies made and produced several films. The first Burmese sound film was produced in 1932 in Bombay, India with the title Ngwe Pay Lo Ma Ya (Money Can't Buy It). After World War II, Burmese cinema continued to address political themes. Many of the films produced in the early Cold War era had a strong propaganda element.
In the era that followed the political events of 1988, the film industry has been increasingly controlled by the government. Film stars who had been involved in the political activities were banned from appearing in films. The government issues strict rules on censorship and largely determines who produces films, as well as who gets academy awards.Over the years, the movie industry has also shifted to producing many lower-budget direct-to-video films. Most of the movies produced nowadays are comedies. In 2008, only 12 films worthy of being considered for an Academy Award were made, although at least 800 VCDs were produced. Myanmar is the primary subject of a 2007 graphic novel titled Chroniques Birmanes by Québécois author and animator, Guy Delisle. The graphic novel was translated into English under the title Burma Chronicles in 2008. In 2009, a documentary about Burmese videojournalists called Burma VJ was released. This film was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 2010 Academy Awards. The Lady had its world premiere on 12 September 2011 at the 36th Toronto International Film Festival.

 See also 
Outline of Myanmar
Censorship in Myanmar
Burmese language

 Notes 

 Pronunciations of Myanmar 

 References 

 Bibliography 

 External links 

Government

Republic of the Union of Myanmar – President's Office
Myanmar National Portal
Chief of State and Cabinet Members Archived 1 January 2016 at the Wayback Machine from the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)General information

General information about Myanmar Archived 16 October 2015 at the Wayback Machine
Burma Myanmar search Engine
Burma. The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency.
Burma from UCB Libraries GovPubs
Myanmar at Curlie
Burma profile from BBC News
Myanmar at Encyclopædia Britannica
 Geographic data related to Myanmar at OpenStreetMap
 Wikimedia Atlas of Myanmar
Interactive timeline of turning points in Burmese history
Key Development Forecasts for Myanmar from International Futures
Online Burma/Myanmar Library: Classified and annotated links to more than 17,000 full-text documents on Burma/Myanmar
Historical Photographs of Burma | Southeast Asia Digital Library

Redgrave family
The Redgrave family is a British acting dynasty, spanning five generations. Members of the family worked in theatre beginning in the nineteenth century, and later in film and television. Some family members have also written plays and books. Vanessa Redgrave is the most prominent, having won Oscar, Tony, Golden Globe and Emmy Awards.

 Family tree 
The family tree below shows the notable members of family

 Michael Redgrave (and ancestors) 

 Vanessa Redgrave 

 Corin Redgrave 

 Lynn Redgrave 

 Marriages 
Roy Redgrave and Daisy Scudamore (later changed to Margaret Scudamore); 1907 - 25 May 1922 (his death) - son Michael
Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson; 20 July 1935 - 21 March 1985 (his death) - son Corin, two daughters, Vanessa and Lynn
Vanessa Redgrave and (1) Tony Richardson; 1962—1967 (divorced) - two daughters, Natasha and Joely; (2) Franco Nero 2006 to present - son Carlo
Corin Redgrave and (1) Deirdre Hamilton-Hill; 1962—1975 (divorced) - daughter Jemma, son Luke; (2) Kika Markham 1985 - 6 April 2010 (his death) - two sons, Arden and Harvey
Lynn Redgrave and John Clark; 2 April 1967 – 22 December 2000 (divorced) - son Benjamin, two daughters, Kelly and Annabel
Natasha Richardson and Robert Fox; 1990 – 1992 (divorced); (2) Liam Neeson; 3 July 1994 - 18 March 2009 (her death) - two sons, Micheál and Daniel
Joely Richardson and Tim Bevan; January 1992 – July 2001 (divorced) - daughter Daisy
Jemma Redgrave and Tim Owen; 1992 — 2020 (divorced) - two sons, Gabriel and Alfie

 See also 
List of show business families

 External links 
The House of Redgrave: The Secret Lives of a Theatrical Dynasty (Tim Adler, Aurum Press Ltd, 2011) ISBN 1-84513-623-3

UMW Holdings
The UMW Holdings Berhad (MYX: 4588) is one of the largest companies and also one of the leading industrial enterprises, serving the economies of Malaysia and the Asia-Pacific region. On December 13, 2023, it was announced that Sime Darby completed the purchase of the majority stake (61.2%) in the company.The UMW Group is an RM11 billion company and ranks among the foremost corporations listed on the Bursa Malaysia. Its net assets exceed RM2.3 billion and its workforce numbers more than 7,500 employees serving customers through a nationwide distribution network.

 Subsidiaries 

 Automotive 
UMW Toyota Motor Sdn. Bhd.
Assembly Services Sdn. Bhd.
Automotive Industries Sdn. Bhd.
Toyota Boshoku UMW Sdn. Bhd.Associate Company

Perusahaan Otomobil Kedua Sdn. Bhd. (Perodua)

 Equipment 
UMW Equipment Sdn. Bhd.
UMW (East Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
UMW Niugini Limited, Papua New Guinea
UMW Engineering Services Limited, Myanmar
UMW Industries (1985) Sdn. Bhd.
UMW Equipment & Engineering Pte. Ltd.
UMW Equipment Systems (Vietnam) Company Limited, Vietnam
UMW Material Handling Shanghai Group, China
UMW Industrial Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
UMW Industrial Equipment Co. Ltd.
Vision Fleet Equipment Leasing (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
UMW Industrial Power Sdn. Bhd.

 Manufacturing and engineering 
UMW Aerospace Sdn. Bhd.
UMW Aero Assets Sdn. Bhd.
UMW Grantt International Sdn. Bhd. (Grantt)
UMW Lubricant International Sdn. Bhd. (Repsol)
UMW Pennzoil Distributors Sdn. Bhd. (Pennzoil)
Lubetech Sdn. Bhd.
Lubritech International Holdings Ltd.
UMW Advantech Sdn. Bhd.
KYB-UMW Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.

 Food 
UMW Ayam Goreng Krispi.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
DinarStandard

Western Oregon University
Western Oregon University (WOU) is a public university in Monmouth, Oregon. It was originally established in 1856 by Disciples of Christ pioneers as Monmouth University. Subsequent names included Oregon State Normal School, Oregon College of Education, and Western Oregon State College. Western Oregon University incorporates both the College of Education and the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences. Enrollment is approximately 3,750 students.

 History 

 Establishment 
Western Oregon University was founded in 1856 as Monmouth University. In 1865, it merged with another private institution, Bethel College, in Bethel and became Christian College. In 1882, the Oregon State Legislature approved the college's bid to become a state-supported teacher training (or "normal") school, Oregon State Normal School.In November 1910, an initiative petition (Measure 10) to establish a normal school at Monmouth, passed by 55.6%. The name was changed, for the fourth time, to Oregon Normal School. On the same ballot were two other measures to additionally establish normal schools in Ashland and Weston:  both failed.

 Growth 
A period of growth was experienced in the 1920s during which the school's enrollment more than tripled from 316 in 1920 to peak at the 990 mark in 1927. With the coming of the Great Depression attendance tailed off slightly, with an average attendance in 1930 of 705 students, hitting a nadir in the 1933–34 academic year. Attendance rebounded later in the decade, topping the 1,000 mark for the first time during the 1938–39 academic year, with a total enrollment including summer session of 1,017.In 1939, the Oregon Legislature changed the name for the fifth time, to Oregon College of Education. The school entered an extended period of growth, except for a period during World War II when college enrollments dropped nationwide. New programs were added in the areas of liberal arts and sciences.

 Name changes 
In 1981, the institution was renamed Western Oregon State College to reflect the school's growing academic programs in the liberal arts fields. In 1997 the name was updated to Western Oregon University, reflecting the university's broader academic mission and profile.

 Academics 
Western Oregon University offers bachelor's degrees (BA, BS, BM, BFA), and AB  through its two colleges: the College of Education and the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences. Master's degrees are available in Education (MAT and MSEd), Rehabilitation Counseling (MS), Criminal Justice (MA), Music (MM), and Management and Information Systems (MS). In 2015, U.S. News & World Report ranked Western as the 77th best amongst the regional universities in the west.In January 2024, the university announced it would eliminate its D- and F grades and instead replace these with a grade of "no credit". This was done in attempt to improve retention and graduation rates and focus on student learning outcomes.

 Organization 

 College of Education 
WOU's College of Education is divided into: Division of Education and Leadership, Division of Deaf Studies and Professional Studies, and Division of Health and Exercise Science.

 College of Liberal Arts and Sciences 
The College of Liberal Arts and Sciences offers 30 bachelor's degrees in seven academic divisions: Behavioral Science, Business and Economics, Computer Science, Creative Arts, Humanities, Natural Sciences and Mathematics, and Social Science.

 Athletics 

The Western Oregon athletic teams are called the Wolves. The university is a member of the Division II level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), primarily competing in the Great Northwest Athletic Conference (GNAC) since the 2001–02 academic year. Western Oregon has competed in the Lone Star Conference (LSC) for football as an affiliate member since the 2022 season. The Wolves previously competed in the D-II Pacific West Conference (PacWest) from 1998–99 to 2000–01; and in the Cascade Collegiate Conference (CCC) of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) from 1993–94 to 1997–98 (although they remained in the CCC as an affiliate member for some sports from 1998–99 to 1999–2000).
Western Oregon competes in 12 intercollegiate varsity sports: Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross country, football, soccer and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, track & field and volleyball.

 Notable alumni 
Kevin Boss – American football player for the New York Giants, Oakland Raiders, and Kansas City Chiefs
Tony Burris – American football player, Arena Football League's Detroit Drive and Washington Commandos
Jeff Charleston – American football player, New Orleans Saints
Brian Greene – American football player
Marco Hernandez – First Latino to serve as U.S. district court judge in Oregon.
Robert Oberst – Professional strongman who competes yearly in The World's Strongest Man competition
Bryce Peila – American football player, Arena Football League's Portland Thunder/Steel
Jason Slowey – American football player for the Oakland Raiders
Dan Straily (born 1988), starting pitcher in the Philadelphia Phillies organization
Mark Thorson – American football player
Tyrell Williams – NFL wide receiver for the Las Vegas Raiders

 Greek life 
On May 18, 2012, the school was introduced to its first traditional Greek life with the organization and initiation of the Kappa Sigma fraternity, Sigma Tau chapter . The schools Greek system now consists of one traditional fraternity, one traditional sorority, one non-traditional fraternity and one non-traditional sorority. The school welcomed Alpha Chi Omega, its first traditional sorority in the fall of 2015 with the organization founding its chapter in 2016. On November 29, 2012, The Beta Kappa chapter of Omega Delta Phi fraternity was founded. Kappa Delta Chi is the other non-traditional sorority on campus.

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Official athletics website

Benny Benson
John Ben Benson Jr. (September 12, 1912 – July 2, 1972) was an Alaska Native best known for designing the flag of Alaska. Benson was age 14 years old when he won a contest in 1927 to design the flag for the Territory of Alaska, which became a U.S. state on January 3, 1959.

 Life 

 Early life 
Benson was born in Chignik, Alaska, on September 12, 1912. He was a Qawalangin (Fox Islander) Unangan born to a Swedish-American father, John Ben "Benny" Benson Sr., and Aleut-Russian mother, Tatiana Ioannovna Dediukhina, from a village near Unalaska. When he was three years old, his mother died, forcing his father to send him and his brother Carl to an orphanage, as Benson's father could not take care of them. Benson grew up at the Jesse Lee Home for Children in Unalaska and later in Seward.

 Fox Farm 
After graduating from school in 1932, Benson left the Jesse Lee Home. He returned to the Aleutian Islands to work with his father fishing and, for a time, trapping blue foxes on Chirikof Island and on John's privately own Ugaiushak Island. The rate for furs began to decline, so Benson moved to Seattle in 1936. He used the $1,000 prize from the flag design competition to enroll in the Hemphill Diesel Engineering School for Diesel engine repair. In 1938, Benson married Betty Van Hise. The couple's first child, Anna May, was born in October 1938. Their second daughter, Charlotte Abbot, was born in June 1940. Benson divorced in 1950 and moved with his daughters to Kodiak where he became an airplane mechanic for Kodiak Airways.

 Later years and death 
Benson met his sister in the mid 1950s, 30 years after their separation. His sister died soon after. His brother Carl also died in 1965. Benson's right leg had to be amputated in 1969 due to circulatory problems. Shortly after that, in 1972, he met and married a former Jesse Lee Home resident, Anna Sophie Jenks. Benson had several stepchildren and grandchildren. He died of a heart attack in Kodiak, Alaska, on July 2 of that year, at the age of 59 years old.

 Flag design 
32 years before Alaska was to become a state, the Alaska Department of the American Legion sponsored a territorial contest for Alaskan children from seventh grade (12–13 year old students) to twelfth grade (17–18 year old students). Benson's design was chosen to represent the future of the Alaska Territory. Up to that time, Alaskans had flown only the U.S. flag since the territory was purchased from Russia in 1867. His design was chosen over roughly 700 other submissions from schoolchildren territory-wide in grades 7 to 12. Most other entries featured variations on the territorial seal, the midnight sun, the northern lights, polar bears, and/or gold pans. For his achievement, Benson was awarded $1,000, an engraved watch and a trip to Washington, D.C.Benson looked to the sky for the symbols he included in his design. Choosing the familiar asterism he looked for every night before going to sleep at the orphanage, he submitted this description with it:

The blue field is for the Alaska sky and the forget-me-not, an Alaskan flower. The North Star is for the future state of Alaska, the most northerly in the union. The Dipper is for the Great Bear – symbolizing strength.

 Legacy 
Mount Benson, a prominent mountain overlooking Seward, was named after him in 1974.
Benson Boulevard, a major east-west thoroughfare in midtown Anchorage, was built in the 1970s and named for him.
Benny Benson Memorial is located at Mile 1.4 of the Seward Highway in Seward, Alaska.
On April 11, 2013, in honor of his centenary, the Alaska Legislature passed SB31, which named the airport in Kodiak "Kodiak Benny Benson State Airport."
Benny Benson School in Anchorage on Campbell Airstrip Road is an alternative school serving the educational needs of students who have been deemed at risk and is part of the Anchorage School District SEARCH program.

 In popular culture 
In the Molly of Denali episode "A Brand New Flag", Molly does a presentation on the creation of the Alaskan Flag.
A fictionalized version of the creation of the Alaskan Flag, presented as a parody of Good Will Hunting, is featured in The Great North episode, "Bad Speecher Adventure"

 References 

 Further reading 
Potter, Velma Moos (1989). God Flies Benny's Flag: A story of Benny Benson & Alaska's state flag. Seattle: Frontier Publishing. ISBN 0-939116-20-0.

 External links 
The Alaska State Flag

Kádár Versus Kerekes
Kádár Versus Kerekes (Hungarian: Kádár kontra Kerekes) is a 1942 Hungarian comedy film directed by Ákos Ráthonyi and starring Klári Tolnay, László Szilassy and Gerö Mály.  It was shot at the Hunnia Studios in Budapest. The film's sets were designed by the art director József Simoncsics.

 Synopsis 
Péter Kerekes inherits an impoverished country estate which he tries to keep hold of with the assistance of the loyal family butler Gábor. One day Péter meets the attractive Erzsi Kádár and falls in love with her, not realising that she is a lawyer working to seize the estate to cover his debts.

 Cast 
Klári Tolnay as 	Kádár Erzsi ügyvéd
László Szilassy as 	Kerekes Péter
Gerö Mály as 	Kontra Gábor
Piroska Vaszary as 	Vidáné
Lajos Köpeczi Boócz as Nagy Géza, ügyvéd
Zoltán Makláry as 	Ferenc Géza, ideggyógyász
Sándor Pethes as Boldizsár János, ideggyógyász
Árpád Latabár as Olajcég elnöke
László Misoga as 	Perczel István, acélipari cég igazgatója
Nándor Bihary as 	Kádár Marci
Lajos Ujváry as 	Zálogházi becsüs
Géza Berczy as 	Simonyi János
László Acsay as 	Pincér
Rezsõ Acsay as 	Bárpincér
Anni Eisen as 	Divatszalonosnõ
István Falussy as 	Iparmágnás
Ilona Kökény as 	úrvezetõ felesége
Gyula Köváry as 	úrvezetõ
Tihamér Lázár as 	Pincér
Erzsébet Nádudvary as 	vendég az Ötórai Tea bárban, Kerkes táncpatnere
Ferenc Pataki as 	Pincér
Dezsõ Pártos as Klubtag
Ferenc Szabó as 	Pincér
Gyula Szöreghy as 	Képárus
Pál Vessely as 	Szabó
Gusztáv Vándory as Rendõrtanácsos

 References 

 Bibliography 
Juhász, István. Kincses magyar filmtár 1931–1944: az eredeti forgatókönyvből 1931 és 1944 között létrejött hazai mozgóképekről. Kráter, 2007.
Rîpeanu, Bujor. (ed.) International Directory of Cinematographers, Set- and Costume Designers in Film: Hungary (from the beginnings to 1988). Saur, 1981.

 External links 
Kádár Versus Kerekes at IMDb

Kowloon City District Council
The Kowloon City District Council (Chinese: 九龍城區議會) is the district council for the Kowloon City District in Hong Kong. It is one of 18 such councils. The Kowloon City District Council currently consists of 20 members, of which the district is divided into 2 constituencies, electing a total of 4 members, 8 district committee members, and 8 appointed members. The last election was held on 10 December 2023.

 History 
The Kowloon City District Council was established on 16 December 1981 under the name of the Kowloon City District Board as the result of the colonial Governor Murray MacLehose's District Administration Scheme reform. The District Board was partly elected with the ex-officio Urban Council members, as well as members appointed by the Governor until 1994 when last Governor Chris Patten refrained from appointing any member.
The Kowloon City District Board became Kowloon City Provisional District Board after the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) was established in 1997 with the appointment system being reintroduced by Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa. The current Kowloon City District Council was established on 1 January 2000 after the first District Council election in 1999. The council has become fully elected when the appointed seats were abolished in 2011 after the modified constitutional reform proposal was passed by the Legislative Council in 2010.
The Kowloon City District Council has been under control of the conservative and pro-Beijing camp and was the stronghold of the conservative Liberal Democratic Federation of Hong Kong (LDF) and its successor Hong Kong Progressive Alliance (HKPA) in the 1990s and the early 2000s until the party strength was heavily crippled in the 2003 election and was subsequently merged into the pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (DAB) in 2005. The LDF's main rival was the district-based Kowloon City Observers led by Ringo Chiang Sai-cheong in the 1990s until Chiang switched to the Liberal Party in the late 1990s. The pro-Taipei 123 Democratic Alliance also had their presence in the district, represented by its chairman Yum Sin-ling in Prince in the late 1990s.Riding on the anti-government sentiments following the historic July 1 protest, the Democratic Party took over the Progressive Alliance as the largest party in the 2003 pro-democracy tide by winning seven seats in total. Together with the Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood (ADPL), the pro-democrats won the plurality of elected seats only being balanced by the government-appointed seats. By the end of the term, the number of seats commanded by the Democrats reduced to three and lost their largest party status to the DAB. The DAB since has become the largest party in the district, taking control of the council with the recently emerged Kowloon West New Dynamic, a district-based group uniting the pro-Beijing independents under Legislative Councillor Priscilla Leung, who was also the District Councillor for Whampoa East.
In the 2015 election, the new localist group Youngspiration which evolved from the 2014 Hong Kong protests contested in the Kowloon City District, with Yau Wai-ching unsuccessfully challenged Priscilla Leung with a narrow margin and Kwong Po-yin successfully ousted the incumbent council chairman Lau Wai-wing.The pro-democrats scored a historic landslide victory in the 2019 election amid the massive pro-democracy protests, taking control of the council by securing 15 of the 25 seats. The Democratic Party emerged as the largest party, overtaking DAB with 10 seats.

 Political control 
Since 1982 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:

 Political makeup 
Elections are held every four years.

 District result maps 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Members represented 

 Leadership 

 Chairs 
Between 1985 and 2023, the chairman is elected by all the members of the council.

 Vice Chairs 

 Notes 

 References 

Marija Pejčinović Burić
Marija Pejčinović Burić (pronounced [mǎrija pejt͡ʃǐːnoʋit͜ɕ bûrit͜ɕ]; born 9 April 1963) is a Croatian politician of the centre-right Croatian Democratic Union party who served as Minister of Foreign and European Affairs and First Deputy Prime Minister of Croatia from 2017 to 2019. She was the third woman to hold the post of foreign minister, following Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović and Vesna Pusić. Pejčinović Burić previously served as a Member of Parliament during its Sixth Assembly (2008–2011), representing the 6th electoral district.
On 26 June 2019, she was elected as the 14th Secretary General of the Council of Europe, defeating Belgium's foreign minister Didier Reynders by 159 votes to 105. Pejčinović Burić's term began on 18 September 2019.

 Education and early career 
Pejčinović Burić graduated in Economics from the University of Zagreb in 1985.After graduating, Pejčinović Burić  worked as a trade expert associate for Končar Inženjering in Zagreb between 1988 and 1991. In 1991, she was appointed Secretary General of the Europe House Zagreb by her boyfriend Ljubomir Čučić (at a time secretary general of the EuropeanMovement Croatia), and later Deputy Secretary General of the European Movement Croatia. In 1994, she obtained a Master of Science in European Studies from the College of Europe (campus Natolin), after which she went back to work for Končar Inženjering. In 1997, she was appointed director of corporate communications for the Zagreb-based pharma company Pliva.

 Political career 

 Career in the public sector 
In 2000, Pejčinović Burić was appointed Assistant Minister at Croatia's Ministry of European Integration. In 2001 she was included in the negotiating team for the EU-Croatia Stabilisation and Association Agreement. From 2003 onwards she worked as lecturer on European integration at the seminars of the Croatian Diplomatic Academy.
In 2004, Pejčinović Burić was appointed State Secretary at the Ministry of European Integration and the following year as State Secretary for European Integration at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration, both under the leadership of minister Miomir Žužul in the government of Prime Minister Ivo Sanader. She served as National Coordinator for Instrument for Structural Policies for Pre-Accession (ISPA) programs (2004-2006), National Coordinator for Assistance Programmes and Co-operation with the EU as well as member of the working group on the free movement of capital of Croatia's EU accession negotiations (2005-2006). From 2006 Pejčinović Burić was member of Croatia's EU accession negotiations team, and negotiator for the acquis chapters on External Relations, Foreign, Security and Defence Policy, Institutions and Other Issues, as well as chairperson for Croatia in the EU-Croatia Stabilisation and Association Committee and chairperson of the Croatia - Baden-Württemberg Mixed Commission (2006-2008).

 Member of Parliament, 2008–2011 
In 2008, Pejčinović Burić was elected to the Parliament of Croatia for the centre-right Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) party, representing the 6th electoral district. She held the parliamentary seat until the 2011 elections. During her time in parliament, she served on the Committee on European Integration and the Committee on Foreign Affairs. In addition to her committee assignments, she was a member of the Croatian delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe and chaired the Croatian – USA Parliamentary Friendship Group.
From 2012 until 2013, Pejčinović Burić lectured on the Lisbon Treaty at the seminars of Croatia's State School for Public Administration. From 2013, she worked for a few years as private consultant on EU, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and bilaterally funded projects in the candidate and potential candidate countries, as well as in European Neighbourhood countries. She also provided consultancies on European integration for the Government of Serbia.
On 17 November 2016, Pejčinović Burić came back into service as State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs, under the leadership of minister Davor Ivo Stier in the government of Prime Minister Andrej Plenković.

 Minister of Foreign and European Affairs, 2017–2019 
In June 2017 Pejčinović Burić was appointed by Prime Minister Andrej Plenković as new Foreign Affairs Minister of Croatia, replacing Davor Ivo Stier after his resignation. In this capacity, she served as chairwoman of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe for a six-month term in 2018. From 2017 until 2019, she also co-chaired the European People's Party (EPP) trade ministers meetings alongside Jyrki Katainen, vice-president of the European Commission.In 2019, Pejčinović Burić announced her candidacy to succeed Thorbjørn Jagland as Secretary General of the Council of Europe.

 Secretary General of the Council of Europe 
On 26 June 2019, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe voted to select the organization's 14th Secretary General, with the candidates being foreign minister Pejčinović Burić and her Belgian counterpart Didier Reynders. Pejčinović Burić went on to defeat Reynders by 159 votes to 105. She was formally sworn in on 18 September 2019.
Burić was present together with the President of Moldova Maia Sandu during the signing of the Council of Europe Action Plan for the Republic of Moldova 2021–2024 on 19 April 2021 at Strasbourg, France. She discussed with Sandu issues on human rights, politics and the COVID-19 pandemic in the country, with Burić expressing her support for Sandu's anti-corruption efforts.

 Other activities 
Centre for European Policy Studies (CEPS), Member of the Board of Directors (since 2016)

 References 

1953 Cleveland Browns season
The 1953 Cleveland Browns season was the team's fourth season with the National Football League. Their start of eleven wins before losing their last game was the closest to a true perfect season in the NFL until the 1972 Miami Dolphins. After that fifteen-point loss at Philadelphia, the Browns met the Detroit Lions in the NFL Championship Game for the second straight year; the Lions won again, this time by a point at home.This was the second of two NFL seasons that coach Paul Brown would win eleven games. It would be seventy years before another (Kevin Stefanski) would win eleven games in two seasons coaching the Browns, by which time the NFL regular season schedule had expanded from twelve to seventeen games.

 Preseason 

 Regular season 

 Schedule 
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

 Game summaries 

 Week 1 at Milwaukee 
In the first-ever regular season meeting between Cleveland and Green Bay, the Browns rolled up 376 yards and Otto Graham completed 18 of 24 yards to highlight a 27–0 season opening win in at the new County Stadium in Milwaukee. The Browns yield 159 yards and allow the Packers to penetrate Cleveland territory just four times.

 Week 5 at New York 
Graham scores the game's only touchdown on a 4-yard run in the second period as the Browns beat the Giants, 7–0, on a muddy Polo Grounds field. Graham, who attempts only five passes as the inclement conditions, scores after an offsides penalty on Lou Groza's missed field goal attempt gives the Browns a critical first down.

 Week 6 vs. Washington 
The undefeated Browns make life miserable for Redskins quarterback Eddie LeBaron by intercepting four passes in a 27–3 win at Cleveland Stadium. Tommy James ties his own Browns record with three as Cleveland scores 24 points off turnovers.

 Week 8 vs. San Francisco 
A Cleveland Stadium crowd of 80,698 watches the Browns dispatch longtime rival San Francisco, 23–21. With the Browns leading 10–0, Graham is knocked out of bounds by defensive back Fred Bruney and elbowed in the face by linebacker Art Michalik, who opens a gash that requires 15 stitches and nearly incites a riot. Graham returns for the third quarter wearing a clear plastic protective bar in front of his face, a device that will evolve into today's face mask. Showing little effect from his injury, Graham leads the Browns to 13 second half points and the victory.

 Week 11 vs. New York 
The Browns improve to 11–0 by winning a 62–14 laugher over the Giants at Cleveland Stadium. George Ratterman starts in place of Graham and completes 15-of-27 passes for 235 yards and four touchdowns. Graham plays briefly and completes 3-of-4 passes, two for touchdowns. Pete Brewster catches seven passes for 182 yards and three touchdowns in the most productive game of his career.

 Standings 
Note: Tie games were not officially counted in the standings until 1972.

 NFL Championship Game 

Source:

 Awards and records 
Otto Graham, NFL MVP

 References 

 External links 
1953 Cleveland Browns at Pro Football Reference (profootballreference.com)
1953 Cleveland Browns Statistics at jt-sw.com
1953 Cleveland Browns Schedule at jt-sw.com
1953 Cleveland Browns at DatabaseFootball.com

Aleksandra Adamska
Aleksandra Adamska (born June 15, 1990) is a Polish actress, known for her role as Patrycja 'Pati' Cichy in the Player.pl crime drama series, The Convict and its spin-off, Pati.

 Life and career 
Adamska was born in Katowice. She graduated from the AST National Academy of Theatre Arts in Kraków and later began performing in Teatr Muzyczny Capitol in Wrocław. She began her career appearing in Polish soap operas First Love and Julia before making her big screen debut playing minor role in the 2014 war drama film, Warsaw 44. From 2017 to 2019, Adamska starred opposite Maja Ostaszewska in the medical drama series, Diagnosis, and from 2017 to 2021 in the comedy-drama O mnie się nie martw. In 2020 she starred in the Player.pl drama series, Królestwo kobiet.In 2021, Adamska was cast as Patrycja Cichy 'Pati' in the Player.pl crime drama series, The Convict, receiving positive reviews for her performance as friend of series' lead (played by Agata Kulesza). She received Telekamery Award nomination for Best Actress in 2023. In 2023, Adamska went to star in the own spin-off series, Pati.In 2022, Adamska co-starred in the Netflix comedy-drama miniseries, Family Secrets. In 2023, she starred in the romantic comedy film Slub doskonaly and the Netflix action thriller film, Soulcatcher.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 References 

 External links 
Aleksandra Adamska at IMDb

KGPE
KGPE (channel 47) is a television station in Fresno, California, United States, affiliated with CBS. It is owned by Nexstar Media Group alongside NBC affiliate KSEE (channel 24). The two stations share studios on McKinley Avenue in eastern Fresno; KGPE's transmitter is located on Bear Mountain (near Meadow Lakes).

 History 

 Early years 
The station first signed on the air on September 20, 1953, as KJEO; it was the second television station to sign on in the Fresno market, after KMJ-TV (channel 24, now KSEE), which debuted three months earlier on June 1. Channel 47 originally operated as a primary ABC affiliate with a secondary CBS affiliation. KFRE-TV (channel 12, now KFSN-TV on channel 30) took the CBS affiliation full-time when it signed on in May 1956, due to sister radio station KFRE (940 AM, now KYNO)'s longtime affiliation with the CBS Radio Network. Originally, the station was owned by O'Neill Broadcasting Company, which sold the station in 1961 to Shasta Telecasting Corporation. Retlaw Broadcasting, a unit of Retlaw Enterprises (a company owned by relatives of Walt Disney), acquired KJEO from Shasta Telecasting in 1968. On September 8, 1985, KFSN's owner, Capital Cities Communications merged with ABC. KFSN-TV became an ABC owned-and-operated station, sending the CBS affiliation to KJEO.
Fisher Broadcasting merged with Retlaw in 1998, then proceeded to sell channel 47 to the Ackerley Group in 2000. Under Ackerley, the station changed its call letters to KGPE on September 14, 2000, and revamped its news operation as News 47. Clear Channel Communications (now iHeartMedia) merged with Ackerley in 2001. The acquisition was approved by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and was finalized in 2002. Under Clear Channel, KGPE rebranded as CBS 47 On Your Side in October 2004.

 Since 2007 
On April 20, 2007, Clear Channel entered into an agreement to sell its entire group of television stations to Newport Television, a broadcast holding company controlled by the private equity firm Providence Equity Partners. That sale was finalized on March 14, 2008. In mid-May 2008, Newport Television agreed to sell the license assets of KGPE and five other stations to High Plains Broadcasting, Inc. due to ownership conflicts as a result of Providence Equity Partners also holding a 19% ownership stake in Univision Communications, owner of Univision station KFTV-DT (channel 21) and Telefutura station KTFF-DT (channel 61)). The sale closed on September 15, 2008; Newport continued to operate KGPE under a shared services agreement. This resulted in KGPE having its sixth owner over the course of ten years. KJEO/KGPE has long been one of CBS' weaker affiliates. However, in recent years, it has traded fourth and fifth place with KSEE in total day viewership. The November 2012 sweeps period had KGPE place just ahead of KSEE.
Newport Television agreed to sell KGPE, along with NBC affiliate KGET-TV and Telemundo affiliate KKEY-LP in Bakersfield, to Nexstar Broadcasting Group on November 5, 2012. The FCC approved the sale on January 23, 2013; which was completed on February 19. Nexstar subsequently announced the acquisition of KSEE from Granite Broadcasting, in the process forming a duopoly with KGPE. Normally, duopolies between two "Big Four" affiliates or even "Big Three" affiliates would not be allowed because such stations usually constituted among the four highest-rated stations in a market. FCC regulations do not allow common ownership of any two of the four top-rated stations in total day viewership in the same market. However, according to Nielsen, KGPE was ranked as the fourth highest-rated station in the market and KSEE placed fifth in total day viewership, allowing a duopoly to be formed between the stations. This marked the second instance (after the Gannett Company purchased ABC affiliate WJXX in Jacksonville, Florida, creating a duopoly with that market's NBC affiliate WTLV, in 2000) in which a single company owns a duopoly involving two stations that are affiliated by a Big Three television network; and is also Nexstar's first true Big Three duopoly (Nexstar's other Big Three duopolies are virtually formed, in which the other station is owned by Mission Broadcasting). The sale was consummated on May 31.In May 2013, KGPE and KSEE's general manager Matt Rosenfield told The Fresno Bee that KGPE would be consolidated into the facilities of KSEE by the end of the year. New high definition-capable studios were built for the two stations. The station moved its operations from its longtime studio facility on First Street (across the street from Fashion Fair Mall) to the KSEE building on October 9, 2013 (which was renamed the McKinley Media Center, in reference to the street it is located on).

 News operation 
KGPE presently broadcasts 31 hours, 35 minutes of locally produced newscasts each week (with 6 hours, 5 minutes each weekday and 35 minutes each on Saturdays and Sundays); unlike most CBS affiliates in the Pacific Time Zone, the station does not broadcast a newscast in the 5:30 p.m. timeslot on weekdays (the station instead fills that half-hour with syndicated programming) nor does it carry early evening newscasts on weekends. As of 2014, KGPE's newscasts are in second place in the Fresno market.
In the late 1980s, the station debuted a 6:30 p.m. newscast, which bumped the CBS Evening News to 7 p.m.—the program was canceled in 1995; KGPE restored a 6:30 p.m. newscast in January 2007, which was canceled after a few months due to low ratings. The 5 p.m. newscast originally debuted in 1995, as a five-minute broadcast; it later expanded to a half-hour in September 1996. That year, the station debuted a weekday morning newscast. In 2001, the station expanded its early evening news programming with the addition of a 5:30 p.m. newscast; the program was canceled in 2002 due to low ratings. On October 9, 2013, a half-hour 7 p.m. weeknight newscast was added. On September 7, 2021, a half-hour 7:30 p.m. weeknight newscast was added.  On September 6, 2022, an hour-long 4 p.m. weekday newscast was added. In September 2013, 6 p.m. weekend newscast was indefinitely suspended for the foreseeable future.
After Nexstar finalized its acquisition of KSEE In April 2013, the two stations began sharing reporters and photographers, but continue to maintain separate on-air talent. Following the formal merger of KSEE and KGPE's news departments into the former's McKinley Avenue studios on October 9, 2013, KGPE revived the Eyewitness News title that was previously used by the station from 1978 until the late 1990s; the station's newscasts also adopted a fast-paced format focusing on breaking news and investigative reports.

 Notable former on-air staff 
Susie Frankeberger – anchor (2000–2008)
John Reed King – anchor/reporter (deceased)
Elita Loresca – weathercaster (2002–2004; now at KTRK-TV in Houston)
Kent Ninomiya – reporter
Meg Oliver – anchor/reporter (2001–2004; later anchor of CBS News' Up To The Minute)
Rob Wolchek – investigative/feature reporter (1993–1997); now at WJBK-TV in Detroit)

 Technical information 

 Subchannels 
The station's signal is multiplexed:

KGPE digital subchannel 47.2 originally carried programming from Untamed Sports TV beginning in 2010; in 2012, the subchannel switched its affiliation to ZUUS Country. After Nexstar took ownership of KGPE in 2014, the station dropped ZUUS Country. (ZUUS Country then moved to KMSG-LD channel 39.5) (with exceptions in some markets, one of them being KSEE (which continues to carry LATV on its digital channel 24.3), Nexstar seldom carries multicast networks or for that matter, additional subchannels on the majority of its stations), replacing it with a standard definition simulcast of its main channel.

 Analog-to-digital conversion 
KGPE shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 47, on June 12, 2009, the official date on which full-power television in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 34, using virtual channel 47.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Belly (film)
Belly is a 1998 American crime drama film written and directed by music video director Hype Williams, in his feature film directing debut. Filmed in New York City, the film stars rappers Nas and DMX in their film debut, alongside Taral Hicks, Method Man, and R&B singer T-Boz and an uncredited cameo from Jamaican reggae and dancehall singer Sean Paul.A sequel starring The Game, Belly 2: Millionaire Boyz Club, was released in 2006. The film features no returning cast members nor does it have any connection to the previous film.

 Plot 
In 1999 Queens, New York City, young street criminals Tommy "Buns" Bundy and Sincere ("Sin"), along with associates Mark and Black, murder five people during a violent nightclub robbery. After celebrating with the gang, Sincere returns home to his girlfriend Tionne and infant daughter Kenya.
The following morning, Tommy asks Sincere to help him sell a new form of heroin. Sincere, who has begun having second thoughts about his life of crime, reluctantly agrees. Tommy then visits Ox, a wealthy Jamaican drug lord, who agrees to obtain the heroin on the condition that Tommy repay him with a favor at a later date. 
In Mark's grandmother's basement, the gang convenes to discuss the nascent drug operation; one of Tommy's associates, Knowledge, will be involved in the operation. Knowledge tells his friend Tommy over the phone that Black had been talking about robbing his friend Sincere to get his larger share of the loot from the nightclub. Way too enraged, Tommy forces Black to strip naked in front of the others, wildly firing warning shots with a handgun into the floor to make somebody like him do so. 
The gang begins transporting heroin from Queens to Omaha, Nebraska, where they begin to overrun the local drug business. Big Head Rico, an Omaha dealer, informs the police of their activities. The resulting raid at their stash-house ends with Mark's death and Knowledge's arrest. Knowledge angrily realizes that Tommy will not bail him out of jail, and calls Shameek, a.k.a. Father Sha, to both infiltrate Rico's gang and kill Tommy. At a strip club, Shameek drinks shots that Rico spiked with hallucinatory powder and, under the influence, blows his own cover by telling Rico that he was sent by Knowledge to kill him. As Rico gets up and attempts to informs his henchmen, he is killed by Shameek as he tries to flee. Shameek is shot by the bartender and stumbles out of the club. He shoots at and evades the police.
Tommy travels to Jamaica and repays Ox by killing Sosa, the son of a local drug lord. Back home, Tommy's girlfriend Kisha is arrested by police and later bailed out by Tionne. Tommy finds out about the raid and leaves town. Pelpa, a close friend of Sosa, finds out that Ox ordered the hit on Sosa. Pelpa sends a hit squad to kill Ox in his home. Ox kills most of the hitmen before dying at the hands of a female assassin.
Sincere prepares to leave the drug trade and move his family to Africa, planning to leave on New Year's Day 2000. Meanwhile, while laying low in Atlanta, Tommy instigates an argument between Wise and LaKid, two marijuana dealers, which ends with both men drawing their guns and LaKid shooting Wise. After being arrested over the shooting, Tommy is coerced by a shadowy organization with unclear motives into assassinating a Christian preacher, Rev. Saviour, during a sermon on New Year's Eve. Tionne comes home and finds herself confronted by Shameek and his henchmen, who had broken into the home in hopes of finding Sincere, but were unsuccessful. After attempting to interrogate Tionne for information on Sincere and Tommy, they leave when she pulls a gun on them. When Sincere comes home, Tionne tells him what happened and insists that he get out of this dangerous life, which he agrees. 
Tommy calls Sincere and asks him to come meet him at a diner in Harlem as they have't seen each other in a long time. Comparing notes, they acknowledge that they have both changed. Tommy has been positively influenced by the Christian movement he has infiltrated and Rev. Savior, and Sincere has similarly decided to change his life in a positive direction, telling Tommy of his plans focus on his family and move to Africa. They marvel at how far they have come and how their paths have changed.  
While Sincere talks to his barber outside a barbershop, Black arrives and shoots Sincere in the leg as revenge for his earlier humiliation. Sincere and his barber kill Black and his accomplice in self-defense before fleeing the scene. On New Year's Eve, a conflicted Tommy confronts Rev. Saviour before his scheduled speech and points his gun at him. Saviour convinces Tommy not to go through with his mission, even though this will put his life at risk. A tearful Tommy agrees, and the two men embrace. 
Shameek breaks into one of Tommy's homes where Kisha is living, in the hopes of finding Tommy there. He interrogates and assaults Kisha, who manages to turn the tables and get a hold of Shameek's gun, shooting him in the face. In a voiceover, Sincere says he is now in Africa with his family, reflects on recent events and is happy to start a new life.

 Cast 

 Production 
While filming Belly, the production was mired by frequent clashes between Williams and the producers, budget constraints, and cast members showing up drunk, high, or late. Much of the $3 million budget was used up on the film's opening scene, which was filmed in the former Tunnel nightclub in New York City. The film's costume designer, June Ambrose, recalled that Williams wanted the film's "shiny look" to "forecast what the hip-hop genre's gonna look like in the millennium." Williams revealed that Jay-Z was considered for the film's title role.

 Release 
When Belly was released in the United States in November 1998, some critics condemned it for its demeaning depictions of young Black or African American men. Furthermore, the Magic Johnson Theatres, a film theater chain then owned by the former basketball player Magic Johnson, banned the film from being shown on its screens due to "negative and violent depictions of African Americans."

 Reception 
The film was poorly received by critics, scoring a 23% on Rotten Tomatoes from 22 reviews. Although it was generally praised for its highly stylized "noir-like" visual design and cinematography, it was criticized for what was seen as a weak plot.The film has since developed a cult following. Clayton Purdom of The A.V. Club described Belly as a "far from a perfect film, but it radiates talent, both from Williams and the musicians he captured at their commercial and artistic peak." Khris Davenport of Complex doubled down on the film's legacy and influence, writing that Williams "blazed a trail in black cinema that some filmmakers are only just now starting to understand and build upon."

 Soundtrack 

 See also 
List of hood films

 References 

 External links 
Belly at IMDb 
Belly at AllMovie

USS Alabama (BB-60)
USS Alabama (BB-60) is a retired battleship. She was the fourth and final member of the South Dakota class of fast battleships built for the United States Navy in the 1940s. The first American battleships designed after the Washington treaty system began to break down in the mid-1930s, they took advantage of an escalator clause that allowed increasing the main battery to 16-inch (406 mm) guns, but Congressional refusal to authorize larger battleships kept their displacement close to the Washington limit of 35,000 long tons (36,000 t). A requirement to be armored against the same caliber of guns as they carried, combined with the displacement restriction, resulted in cramped ships. Overcrowding was exacerbated by wartime modifications that considerably strengthened their anti-aircraft batteries and significantly increased their crews.
After entering service, Alabama was briefly deployed to strengthen the British Home Fleet, tasked with protecting convoys to the Soviet Union. In 1943, she was transferred to the Pacific for operations against Japan; the first of these was the Gilbert and Marshall Islands campaign that began in November that year. While operating in the Pacific, she served primarily as an escort for the fast carrier task force to protect the aircraft carriers from surface and air attacks. She also frequently bombarded Japanese positions in support of amphibious assaults. She took part in the Mariana and Palau Islands campaign in June–September and the Philippines campaign in October–December. After a refit in early 1945, she returned to the fleet for operations during the Battle of Okinawa and the series of attacks on the Japanese mainland in July and August, including several bombardments of coastal industrial targets.
Alabama assisted in Operation Magic Carpet after the war, carrying some 700 men home from the former war zone. She was decommissioned in 1947 and assigned to the Pacific Reserve Fleet, where she remained until 1962 when she was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register. A campaign to save the ship from the breakers' yard succeeded in raising the necessary funds, and Alabama was preserved as a museum ship in Mobile Bay, Alabama.

 Design 

The South Dakota class was ordered in the context of global naval rearmament during the breakdown of the Washington treaty system that had controlled battleships construction during the 1920s and early 1930s. Under the Washington and London treaties, so-called treaty battleships were limited to a standard displacement of 35,000 long tons (36,000 t) and a main battery of 14-inch (356 mm) guns. In 1936, following Japan's decision to abandon the treaty system, the United States Navy decided to invoke the "escalator clause" in the Second London treaty that allowed displacements to rise to 45,000 long tons (46,000 t) and armament to increase to 16 in (406 mm) guns. Congressional objections to increasing the size of the new ships forced the design staff to keep displacement as close to 35,000 LT as possible while incorporating the larger guns and armor sufficient to defeat guns of the same caliber.Alabama is 680 feet (210 m) long overall and has a beam of 108 ft 2 in (32.97 m) and a draft of 35 ft 1 in (10.69 m). She displaced 37,970 long tons (38,580 t) as designed and up to 44,519 long tons (45,233 t) at full combat load. The ship was powered by four General Electric steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by eight oil-fired Babcock & Wilcox boilers. Rated at 130,000 shaft horsepower (97,000 kW), the turbines were intended to give a top speed of 27.5 knots (50.9 km/h; 31.6 mph). The ship had a cruising range of 15,000 nautical miles (28,000 km; 17,000 mi) at a speed of 15 knots (28 km/h; 17 mph). She carried three Vought OS2U Kingfisher floatplanes for aerial reconnaissance, which were launched by a pair of aircraft catapults on her fantail. Her peace time crew numbered 1,793 officers and enlisted men, but during the war the crew swelled to 2,500.
The ship was armed with a main battery of nine 16"/45 caliber Mark 6 guns in three triple-gun turrets on the centerline, two of which were placed in a superfiring pair forward, with the third aft. The secondary battery consisted of twenty 5-inch /38 caliber dual-purpose guns mounted in twin turrets clustered amidships, five turrets on either side. As designed, the ship was equipped with an anti-aircraft battery of twelve 1.1 in (28 mm) guns and twelve .50-caliber (12.7 mm) M2 Browning machine guns, but she was completed with a battery of six quadruple 40 mm (1.6 in) Bofors guns in place of the 1.1 in guns and thirty-five 20 mm (0.79 in) Oerlikon autocannon in single mounts instead of the .50-cal. guns.The main armored belt is 12.2 in (310 mm) thick, while the main armored deck is up to 6 in (152 mm) thick. The main battery gun turrets have 18 in (457 mm) thick faces, and they are mounted atop barbettes that are 17.3 in (440 mm) thick. The conning tower has 16 in (406 mm) thick sides.

 Modifications 
Alabama received a series of modifications through her wartime career, consisting primarily of additions to anti-aircraft battery and various types of radar sets. The first addition was the installation of SC air search radar in 1941, fitted in the foremast, which was later replaced with an SK type set. At the same time, an SG surface search radar was installed on the forward superstructure; a second SG set was added to the main mast after experiences during the Guadalcanal campaign in 1942. In 1943, she received a Mark 3 fire-control radar, mounted on her conning tower to assist in the direction of her main battery guns. The Mark 3 was quickly replaced with more modern Mark 8 fire-control radar, and Mark 4 radars for the secondary battery guns. She later received Mark 12/22 sets in place of the Mark 4s. Alabama also received a TDY jammer. In 1945, her traditional spotting scopes were replaced with Mark 27 microwave radar sets.The ship's light anti-aircraft battery was gradually expanded. Four more 40 mm quadruple mounts were allocated to the ship in late 1942, but by the time she underwent her refit in November 1943, the allotted armament had been increased to twelve quadruple mounts. Two more were to be added to the forecastle in 1945, but experience with other ships demonstrated these to be excessively wet in most sea conditions and thus unusable, so they were never installed aboard Alabama. In May 1943, she had another eight 20 mm guns installed, bringing the total to fifty-three of the guns. By 1945, the ship's 20 mm battery had grown to fifty-six guns, all in single mounts. She was slated to have these exchanged for forty twin mounts, but the work was not done before the war ended and she was removed from service.

 Service history 

 Construction and Atlantic operations 
The keel for Alabama was laid down on 1 February 1940 at the Norfolk Navy Yard. She was launched on 16 February 1942; Crane Ship No. 1 (ex-Kearsarge) assisted with the installation of the ship's heavy armor and armament. She was commissioned just six months later on 16 August. Fitting-out work then commenced, and on 11 November she began her shakedown cruise in the Chesapeake Bay. She then began initial training to prepare the ship's crew for wartime service, first out of Casco Bay, Maine. On 11 January 1943, Alabama returned to Chesapeake Bay for further training before moving to Norfolk. She was then assigned to Task Group (TG) 22.2 and sent back to Casco Bay on 13 February for tactical training.Alabama's first deployment came in April with the temporary assignment to the British Home Fleet to reinforce the Allied naval forces available to escort the Arctic convoys to the Soviet Union. At the time, the British had sent several capital ships to the Mediterranean Sea to support the Allied invasion of Sicily, stripping away forces necessary to counter German naval strength in Norway, most significantly the battleship Tirpitz. Accordingly, Alabama and her sister ship South Dakota got underway on 2 April as part of Task Force (TF) 22. Screened by five destroyers, the two battleships steamed to the Orkney Islands by way of Little Placentia Sound and Naval Station Argentia, Newfoundland, arriving in the main British naval base at Scapa Flow on 19 May. There, they were organized as TF 61, Home Fleet, and the ships began thorough training to familiarize the American ships with their British counterparts for joint operations. TF 61 was commanded by Rear Admiral Olaf M. Hustvedt; over the course of the next three months, they frequently operated with the battleships HMS Anson and Duke of York.Alabama, South Dakota, and several British units covered an operation to reinforce the island of Spitzbergen in the Arctic Ocean in early June. The following month, Alabama took part in Operation Governor, a demonstration to distract German attention during the Sicily invasion. The Allies also hoped to lure out Tirpitz to sink her, but the Germans took no notice of the ships and remained in port. On 1 August, Alabama and South Dakota were detached to return to the United States; they departed immediately and arrived in Norfolk on 9 August, where Alabama underwent an overhaul in preparation for operations against Japanese forces in the Pacific Theater. Alabama emerged from the shipyard on 20 August and began the voyage to the Pacific by way of the Panama Canal, which she transited on 25 August. She reached Efate in the New Hebrides on 14 September.

 Pacific operations 

 Gilbert and Marshall Islands campaign 

On arriving in the south Pacific, Alabama embarked on an extensive training program that lasted for a month and a half to prepare the battleship to operate with the fast carrier task force. She then steamed to Fiji on 7 November before departing four days later to support the Gilbert and Marshall Islands campaign, which began with the invasion of Tarawa on 20 November. Alabama escorted the aircraft carriers while they struck Japanese airfields on nearby islands in the Marshalls to neutralize their ability to interfere with the landing. She then supported the landing on Betio in the Tarawa Atoll on 20 November, followed by the landing at Makin. Alabama twice engaged Japanese aircraft that approached the fleet on the night of 26 November.Alabama and five other fast battleships bombarded Nauru on 8 December, which the Japanese used as a source of phosphate. The destroyer Boyd, which had been hit by Japanese artillery fire, came alongside Alabama and transferred three wounded men to the battleship. The ships then escorted the carriers Bunker Hill and Monterey back to Efate, which they reached on 12 December. Alabama got underway on 5 January 1944 for Pearl Harbor, arriving on 12 January for maintenance that included replacing one of her propellers. She arrived in Funafuti in the Ellice Islands on 21 January, where she joined the fleet for the next operation in the campaign. She was assigned to Task Group (TG) 58.2, which sortied on 25 January to begin Operation Flintlock, the invasion of Kwajalein. Alabama, South Dakota, and the battleship North Carolina shelled the island of Roi-Namur over the course of 29 and 30 January, targeting defensive positions, airfields, and other facilities. For the remainder of the campaign, she patrolled to the north of Kwajalein to guard against a possible Japanese counterattack that did not materialize.Over the next two months, the fast carrier task force embarked on a series of raids on Japanese-held islands in the central Pacific to prepare for the next major offensive. The ships of TG 58.2 sortied on 12 February to participate in Operation Hailstone, a major raid on the island of Truk, which had been the primary staging area for the Japanese fleet in the central Pacific. Alabama escorted the carriers that struck the island over the course of 16–17 February, inflicting heavy damage to the Japanese forces and infrastructure there. The fleet then continued on to raid Japanese bases on Saipan, Tinian, and Guam. During a Japanese air attack on the fleet on 21 February, Alabama's No. 9 5-inch turret accidentally fired into the No. 5 mount, killing five and wounding eleven men. That day, Alabama took part in a sweep to the southeast of Saipan to search for Japanese vessels that might be in the area. Having found none, the fleet steamed to Majuro to replenish fuel and ammunition. While there, she served as the flagship of Vice Admiral Marc Mitscher, the commander of the fast carrier task force, from 3 to 8 March.
Alabama and the rest of the fleet departed Majuro on 22 March to attack the next set of targets: Palau, Yap, Ulithi, and Woleai in the Caroline Islands. By this time, Alabama had been transferred to TG 58.3 as part of the screen for the carrier Yorktown. While en route to the Carolines, the ships came under attack from a group of Japanese aircraft on the night of 29 March and Alabama shot one of them down and assisted with another. The next day, the carriers began their raids and Alabama stood by, engaging Japanese aircraft as they attacked the fleet. She helped to drive off a lone Japanese aircraft late that day before it could close to attack. The fleet then returned to Majuro for replenishment before departing on 13 April; Alabama now escorted the veteran carrier Enterprise for a series of strikes along the coast of western New Guinea in support of Army operations in the New Guinea campaign. The final action in the series of raids saw the fleet return to the Carolines to strike Pohnpei, which Alabama and five other battleships bombarded on 1 May. The group then returned once again to Eniwetok on 4 May to begin preparations for the invasion of the Marianas.

 Mariana and Palau Islands campaign 

Alabama sortied with the rest of TF 58 in early June, now as part of TG 58.7; the fleet had arrived off the initial target, Saipan, by 12 June. The next day, Alabama took part in a preparatory bombardment of the island intended to weaken Japanese defenses so that minesweepers could begin to clear approaches to the landing beach. Alabama's gunners were not as experienced with shore bombardment as other dedicated bombardment ships, and her shooting was not particularly effective. She thereafter screened the carriers as they struck Japanese positions around the island, and ground troops landed on the island on 15 June. The landing was a breach of Japan's inner defensive perimeter that triggered the Japanese fleet to launch a major counter-thrust with the 1st Mobile Fleet, the main carrier strike force.The Japanese fleet arrived on 19 June, leading to the Battle of the Philippine Sea. Alabama was the first vessel to pick up the incoming Japanese aircraft on her radar, 141 nautical miles (261 km; 162 mi) away, at 10:06. The battleship Iowa quickly corroborated the report, and 40 minutes later the Japanese aircraft arrived over the fleet. A total of seven waves hit the American fleet, though only three of them hit TG 58.7. Of those, Alabama was able to engage Japanese aircraft in two of the attacks. During one of the attacks, a pair of aircraft penetrated the Combat Air Patrols and attacked South Dakota, and Alabama was among the vessels that fired on them. About an hour after that attack, two torpedo bombers attempted to attack South Dakota again, but Alabama helped to drive them off with a barrage of anti-aircraft fire. During this latter attack, a single dive bomber was able to use the gunners' distraction with the torpedo bombers to approach Alabama, but the pilot nevertheless missed with his bombs and caused no damage. Vice Admiral Willis A. Lee, the TG 58.7 commander, commended Alabama's radar operators for their prompt detection of the Japanese aircraft, which allowed the American carriers to launch their fighters with enough time to intercept the attackers away from the fleet.Alabama remained on station, escorting the carriers while they raided Saipan, Guam, Tinian, and Rota throughout the campaign. She was then detached from the fleet to Eniwetok in the Marshalls for periodic maintenance. The ship then became the flagship of Rear Admiral Edward Hanson, the commander of Battleship Division (BatDiv) 9, and left the island on 14 July in company with Bunker Hill. The next stage in the campaign, the invasion of Guam, began on 21 July and Alabama performed her role of carrier escort during operations there for the next three weeks. On 11 August, she left to return to Eniwetok before embarking on the next assault on 30 August, code-named Operation Stalemate II; this consisted of a series of landings on Pelelieu, Ulithi, and Yap. By this time, the fast carrier task force had been transferred from Fifth Fleet to Third Fleet and accordingly renumbered as TF 38, so Alabama was now part of TG 38.3. She escorted the carriers while they launched a series of strikes on the islands from 6 to 8 September to prepare for the amphibious assaults.

 Philippines campaign 

After the strikes in the Carolines, the fast carrier task force left the area to begin initial raids in the Philippines, with the first strikes occurring from 12 to 14 September. Aircraft from the carriers hit Japanese bases on the islands of Cebu, Leyte, Bohol, and Negros. Another series of strikes, concentrated around the capital of Manila, followed on 21 and 22 September, and in the central Philippines on the 24th. Alabama returned to Saipan on 28 September before proceeding to Ulithi, which was by now a major staging area for the US fleet, on 1 October. Five days later, the fast carrier task force sortied to begin a major raid on the island of Formosa (Taiwan) and other islands to neutralize the airfields there in advance of the invasion of the Philippines. Alabama continued to escort the carriers as part of TG 38.3, providing heavy anti-aircraft support. On 14 October, the fleet turned south to begin raids on Luzon in the Philippines and Alabama engaged aircraft that attempted to attack the fleet. The ship's gunners claimed to have destroyed three Japanese aircraft and damaged another.

 Battle of Leyte Gulf 

Alabama supported the landing at Leyte on 15 October before returning to the carrier screen to escort them for another series of air strikes on islands throughout the Philippines on 21 October, by now having been transferred to TG 38.4. The landings on Leyte led to the activation of Operation Shō-Gō 1, the Japanese navy's planned riposte to an Allied landing in the Philippines. The plan was a complicated operation with three separate fleets: the 1st Mobile Fleet, now labeled the Northern Force under Vice Admiral Jisaburō Ozawa, the Center Force under Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita, and the Southern Force under Vice Admiral Shōji Nishimura. Ozawa's carriers, by now depleted of most of their aircraft, were to serve as a decoy for Kurita's and Nishimura's battleships, which were to use the distraction to attack the invasion fleet directly.Kurita's ships were detected in the San Bernardino Strait on 24 October, and in the ensuing Battle of the Sibuyan Sea, American carrier aircraft sank the powerful battleship Musashi, causing Kurita to temporarily reverse course. This convinced Admiral William F. Halsey, the commander of Third Fleet, to send the fast carrier task force to destroy the 1st Mobile Fleet, which had by then been detected. Alabama steamed north with the carriers, and on the way Halsey established TF 34, consisting of Alabama and five other fast battleships, seven cruisers, and eighteen destroyers, commanded by Vice Admiral Willis Lee. TF 34 was arrayed ahead of the carriers, serving as their screen. On the morning of 25 October, Mitscher began his first attack on the Northern Force, initiating the Battle off Cape Engaño; over the course of six strikes on the Japanese fleet, the Americans sank all four carriers and damaged two old battleships that had been converted into hybrid carriers. Unknown to Halsey and Mitscher, Kurita had resumed his approach through the San Bernardino Strait late on 24 October and passed into Leyte Gulf the next morning. While Mitscher was occupied with the decoy Northern Force, Kurita moved in to attack the invasion fleet; in the Battle off Samar, he was held off by a group of escort carriers, destroyers, and destroyer escorts, TU 77.4.3, known as Taffy 3. Frantic calls for help later that morning led Halsey to detach Lee's battleships to head south and intervene.However, Halsey waited more than an hour after receiving orders from Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, the Commander, U.S. Pacific Fleet, to detach TF 34; still steaming north during this interval, the delay added two hours to the battleships' voyage south. A need to refuel destroyers further slowed TF 34's progress south. Heavy resistance from Taffy 3 threw Kurita's battleships and cruisers into disarray and led him to break off the attack before Alabama and the rest of TF 34 could arrive. Halsey detached Iowa and New Jersey as TG 34.5 to pursue Kurita through the San Bernardino Strait while Lee took the rest of his ships further southwest to try to cut off his escape, but both groups arrived too late. The historian H. P. Wilmott speculated that had Halsey detached TF 34 promptly and not delayed the battleships by refueling the destroyers, the ships could have easily arrived in the strait ahead of Center Force and, owing to the marked superiority of their radar-directed main guns, destroyed Kurita's ships.

 Later operations 
Having failed to intercept the retiring Japanese fleet, Alabama and the rest of TF 34 returned to their positions screening the carriers. On 30 October, the fleet withdrew to Ulithi to replenish ammunition and fuel. On 3 November, the fleet departed for another series of raids on Japanese airfields and other facilities on Luzon as the amphibious force prepared for its next landing on the island of Mindoro in the western Philippines. Over the next few weeks, Alabama cruised with the carriers, protecting them from Japanese aircraft, while the carriers struck targets on Luzon and the Visayas in the central Philippines. The fleet returned to Ulithi once again on 24 November and through early December Alabama was occupied with routine maintenance and training exercises with other vessels in the fleet. During this period, the fleet was reorganized and Alabama was assigned to TG 38.1. The fleet sortied again on 10 December for more strikes on Luzon that lasted from 14 to 16 December; the carriers massed so many aircraft that they could keep Japanese airfields constantly suppressed to prevent them from interfering with the passage of the Mindoro invasion fleet.On 17 December, the fleet withdrew to refuel at sea, but late in the day, Typhoon Cobra swept through the area, battering the fleet. The storm conditions—Alabama recorded wind gusts as high as 83 knots (154 km/h; 96 mph) and heavy seas that caused her to roll up to thirty degrees—sank three destroyers and inflicted serious damage to several other vessels, though Alabama emerged with only minor damage to her superstructure, and both of her Kingfishers were wrecked. The fleet returned to Ulithi on 24 December and Alabama was detached for an overhaul at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard. She entered the dry-dock there on 18 January 1945 for work that lasted until 25 February, at which point she was floated out of the dry-dock for further repairs, which were completed on 17 March. The ship then began a series of sea trials and training exercises along the coast of California before departing on 4 April for Pearl Harbor. She arrived there on 10 April, spent a week on additional training exercises, and then proceeded on to Ulithi, arriving there on 28 April.

 Operations off Japan and the end of the war 
At Ulithi, Alabama re-joined the fast carrier task force, which had by this point reverted to Fifth Fleet. The fast carrier task force got underway on 9 May to support the forces fighting in the Battle of Okinawa, who had gone ashore on 1 April. The Japanese had massed significant reserves of aircraft for kamikaze strikes against the invasion fleet. During one such attack on 14 May, while approximately 120 miles southeast of the Japanese home island of Kyushu, Alabama shot down two Japanese aircraft and helped to destroy two others, but one kamikaze nevertheless penetrated the fleet's anti-aircraft defenses and struck Enterprise. The operations off Okinawa continued for the next two weeks and on 4–5 June, the fleet was hit by another typhoon and Alabama—part of TG 38.1 at this time—again suffered only superficial damage, though many other vessels in the group were badly damaged. The fleet resumed its normal operations in support of the Okinawa fight on 7 June, including air strikes on Japanese airfields on Kyushu the next day that Alabama supported. With an escort of five destroyers on 9 June, Alabama, Indiana, and Massachusetts steamed to shell Japanese facilities on the island of Minami Daito Jima; they repeated the attack the next day. The fleet thereafter returned to Leyte Gulf to begin preparations for a series of attacks on the Japanese Home Islands.Third Fleet resumed control of the carrier fleet for these operations, which began on 1 July when the fleet sortied from Leyte Gulf. The carriers conducted wide-ranging attacks on various military and industrial targets throughout Japan, particularly concentrating on the area around Tokyo. On the night of 17–18 July, Alabama, four other American battleships, the British battleship HMS King George V, and a pair of cruisers bombarded six industrial facilities northeast of Tokyo. On 9 August, Alabama shelled targets at Kamaishi in company with two battleships and six American and British cruisers. The same day, Alabama transferred a medical party to the destroyer Ault, which took them to the destroyer Borie, which had been hit by a kamikaze and needed medical assistance. When she received word of the Japanese surrender on 15 August, Alabama was still at sea off the coast of Japan. She contributed sailors and marines to the initial occupation force, and she cruised with the carriers while they used their aircraft to search for prisoner of war camps.On 5 September, Alabama steamed into Tokyo Bay, where she re-embarked crew-members who had gone ashore. She remained there until 20 September, when she got underway for Okinawa, where she took on 700 men, most of whom were Seabees, to carry them back to the United States as part of Operation Magic Carpet. The ship arrived in San Francisco on 15 October and remained there for the Navy Day celebrations held there on 27 October, where she hosted some 9,000 visitors. Two days later, she steamed to San Pedro, California, where she lay until 27 February 1946, when she got underway for an overhaul at Puget Sound to prepare her for deactivation.

 Reserve and museum ship 

She was decommissioned on 9 January 1947 at the Naval Station in Seattle and assigned to the Pacific Reserve Fleet, stationed in Bremerton, Washington. Plans were drawn up during the period she was in reserve to modernize Alabama and the other ships of her class should they be needed for future active service. In March 1954, a program to equip the four ships with secondary batteries consisting of ten twin 3-inch (76 mm) guns were proposed, but the plan came to nothing. Another plan to convert the ship into a guided missile battleship arose in 1956–1957, but the cost of the conversion proved to be prohibitive. She would have had all three main battery turrets removed and replaced with a twin RIM-8 Talos missile launcher forward, two RIM-24 Tartar launchers aft, anti-submarine weapons, and equipment to handle helicopters. The cost of the project amounted to $120 million.On 1 June 1962, Alabama was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register for disposal; with the ship slated to be broken up, the state of Alabama passed a bill to establish the "USS Alabama Battleship Commission" with a view toward preserving the battleship as a museum ship. Governor George Wallace signed the law on 12 September 1963, and the commission set about raising funds to acquire the ship; ultimately around $800,000 was raised, of which an eighth came from children in the state, the rest coming primarily from corporate donations.On 16 June 1964, the Navy awarded the ship to her namesake state, with a provision that the Navy would retain the ability to recall the ship to service in the event of an emergency. Alabama was formally handed over on 7 July during a ceremony in Seattle, and she was then towed to Mobile, Alabama to be restored as a museum, by way of the Panama Canal. On the way to the canal, one of the tugboats accidentally sank. The ship's screws were removed for the voyage to avoid any damage. The carrier Lexington, a veteran of the fast carrier task force and still in service, escorted the ship while she was towed through the Gulf of Mexico. Alabama arrived in Mobile on 14 September having traveled some 5,600 nautical miles (10,400 km; 6,400 mi), the longest tow of a vessel that was not an active warship. The channel in Mobile Bay to her permanent berth had not yet been completed, and she had to wait until the end of the month before dredging work was finished. Once the ship was moored in her berth, work began to prepare the ship for visitors, including sandblasting painted surfaces, applying primer, and then re-painting the entire ship. The museum was opened on 9 January 1965.In the early 1980s, when the Navy reactivated the four Iowa-class battleships, parts were cannibalized from Alabama and the other preserved battleships, including Massachusetts and North Carolina, to restore the Iowas to service. Engine room components that were no longer available in the Navy's inventory accounted for most of the material removed from the ships. The ship was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1986. During her career as a museum ship, Alabama has been used as a set for several movies including Under Siege in 1992 and USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage in 2016.In the early 2000s, the museum raised funds to complete major repairs to Alabama, including removing 2.7 million gallons of water contaminated with fuel oil from the ship. This involved erecting a cofferdam around the ship and pumping it dry, which also allowed workers to repair the ship's hull. At the same time, the submarine USS Drum, another component of the museum, was moved from the water to a display on land so her hull could be repaired. Alabama was damaged by Hurricane Katrina in September 2005, taking on water and a list to port; repairs were effected by Volkert, Inc.

 See also 
List of National Historic Landmarks in Alabama
List of museum ships

 Footnotes 

 Notes 

 Citations 

 References 
"Alabama (BB-60)". Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. Naval History & Heritage Command. 9 November 2004. Retrieved 2 November 2018.
Evans, Mark L. (12 November 2015). "South Dakota (BB-57) 1943-44". Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. Navy Department, Naval History and Heritage Command. Retrieved 18 April 2019.
Friedman, Norman (1980). "United States of America". In Gardiner, Robert & Chesneau, Roger (eds.). Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1922–1946. Annapolis: Naval Institute Press. pp. 86–166. ISBN 978-0-87021-913-9.
Friedman, Norman (1985). U.S. Battleships: An Illustrated Design History. Annapolis: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-715-9.
Morison, Samuel Eliot (1956). The Atlantic Battle Won. May 1943 – May 1945. History of United States Naval Operations in World War II. Vol. X (2001 reprint ed.). Edison: Castle Books. ISBN 978-0-7858-1311-8.
Rohwer, Jürgen (2005). Chronology of the War at Sea, 1939–1945: The Naval History of World War Two. Annapolis: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-59114-119-8.
Whitaker, Kent (2013). USS Alabama. Charleston: Arcadia Publishing. ISBN 978-1-4671-1021-1.
Wilmott, H. P. (2015). The Battle of Leyte Gulf: The Last Fleet Action. Bloomington: Indiana University Press. ISBN 978-0-253-01901-1.
"USS Alabama War Diary, 14 May 1945". US National Archives. Retrieved 25 September 2019.

 Further reading 
Battleship USS Alabama: BB-60 Golden Anniversary History. Paducah: Turner Publishing Company. 1993. ISBN 978-1-56311-063-4.
Cronenberg, Allen (2003). Forth to the Mighty Conflict: Alabama and World War II. Tuscaloosa: University of Alabama Press. ISBN 978-0-8173-5027-7.

 External links 

USS Alabama (BB-60) on NavSource.org
USS Alabama (BB-60) on Hazegray.org
USS Alabama web site
USS Alabama (BB-60) at Historic Naval Ships Association

Pandalam
Pandalam is a municipality in the Pathanamthitta district of Kerala, India. Pandalam is known for its connection with  Ayyappan and Sabarimala. It recognised as the cultural capital of  Travancore, Pandalam hosts educational institutions ranging from reputed schools to post graduate, training, Ayurveda, and engineering colleges. There are seven colleges and 23 schools at Pandalam, including N. S. S. College, Pandalam. The Kerala state government plans to make the place a special Township, by including the Pandalam municipality and Kulanada panchayat.The neighborhoods of Pandalam town include Thumpamon, Pandalam Thekkekara, Kulanada, Nooranad, Padanilam, Venmony, .

 Trade and Commerce 
The centuries-old Kurunthottayam market (now known as the Pandalam market) was one among the largest agricultural markets in central Travancore.
Kerala's widest suspension bridge was constructed in Pandalam over the Achankovil river. The bridge is 70 metres long and 2.5 metres wide.There are several devotional places at Pandalam. The most famous are Valiyakoikkal Temple, Mahadeva Temple, Puthenkavil Bhagavathi Temple, Pattupurakkavu Bhagavathi Temple, Thumpamon Vadakkumnatha Temple, Kadakkad Sree Bhadrakali Temple and the  Thattayil Orippurathu Bhagavathi Temple.
Nooranad Padanilam Parabrahma Temple, which is famous for its Maha Shivaratri Kettukazhcha is located 8 Km South West of Pandalam town.

 Legend 
According to legend, Lord Ayyappan, the presiding deity of Sabarimala, had his human sojourn at Pandalam as the adopted son of the King of Pandalam.  During Sabarimala pilgrimage season, devotees come to Pandalam in large numbers to worship the deity of Valiyakoikkal Temple near the Pandalam Palace. This temple is on the banks of river Achenkovil. Three days prior to the Makaravilakku festival, the Thiruvabharanam (sacred ornaments) are taken in a procession from Pandalam to Sabarimala.

 History 
It is believed that the Pandya kings of Tamil Nadu fled to Pandalam in the face of an attack from Cholas  and settled there in the land they bought from Kaipuzha Thampan, a landlord. The Pandya dynasty had provinces on either sides of the Western Ghats. The King of Pandalam helped Marthanda Varma to conquer the Kayamkulam province. In return for this help, Marthanda Varma did not attempt to attack and conquer Pandalam during the expansion of his kingdom. The princely state of Pandalam had extended up to Thodupuzha in Idukki district once. Pandalam was added to Travancore in 1820. Before the formation of Pathanamthitta district, Pandalam was in Mavelikara taluk of Alappuzha district.

 Colleges 
NSS College Pandalam
Mannam Ayurveda Co-operative Medical College, Pandalam
NSS Polytechnic College, Pandalam
NSS Training College, Pandalam
NSS Nursing College, Pandalam
Govt. ITI cherickal, Pandalam (Under SC department Govt. of Kerala)  in Cherickal.

 Hospitals 
NSS Medical Mission Hospital
CM Hospital
Chitra Multi-Speciality Hospital
Mannam Ayurveda Medical College Hospital
Primary Health Centre Kadakkad, Pandalam

 Landmarks 

 Pandalam Bridge 
Pandalam Bridge, popularly known as Kurunthottayam Bridge, is situated in Pandalam junction.

 Pandalam Suspension Bridge 
Pandalam Suspension Bridge, is a pedestrian suspension bridge in Pandalam, that connects Pandalam with Kulanada.

 Pandalam Palace 
Pandalam Palace, placed on the banks of Achankovil river, was home to the royal family of Pandalam.The royal family of this palace enjoys a significant position in the history of Kerala. It is believed that they have descended from the Pandya kings of Madurai. Pandalam Palace carries not just historical importance, but a considerable religious magnitude as well. According to legends, Lord Ayyappa was born to the King of Pandalam.There is a temple on the banks of Achankovil river which is dedicated to Lord Ayyappa. The sacred ornaments of Lord Ayyappa are carried from Pandalam Palace to Sabarimala as a grand procession three days prior to the makaravilakku festival

 Famous Personalities 
Pandalam Kerala Varma: Poet
M. N. Govindan Nair: Former State Secretary of CPI, Former State Cabinet Minister and MP
V. S. Valiathan: Artist
Ullas Pandalam : Comedian and Cine artist
Pandalam Balan : Playback singer
Benyamin: Novelist and Screenwriter
Dr. Biju: Film director
Anup Pandalam : Prankster, Director, Actor and Screenwriter
Kadammanitta Vasudevan Pillai: Padayani artist
Pandalam Sudhakaran: Former state cabinet minister
Pandalam KP Raman Pillai : Poet,Journalist,freedom fighter,author of famous prayer song "Akilandamandalam aniyochorukki"
P. K. Manthri: Cartoonist

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

 External links 

Information portal about Pandalam

Newspaper of record
A newspaper of record is a major national newspaper with large circulation whose editorial and news-gathering functions are considered authoritative and independent; they are thus "newspapers of record by reputation" and include some of the oldest and most widely respected newspapers in the world. The level and trend of "newspapers of record by reputation" is regarded as being related to the state of press freedom and political freedom in a country.It may also be a newspaper authorized to publish public or legal notices, thus serving as a newspaper of public record. A newspaper whose editorial content is largely directed by the state can be referred to as an official newspaper of record, but the lack of editorial independence means that it is not a "newspaper of record by reputation". Newspapers of record by reputation that focus on business can also be called newspapers of financial record.

 Newspapers of public record 
A "newspaper of public record", or government gazette, refers to a publicly available newspaper that is authorized by a government to publish public or legal notices. It is often established by statute or official action and publication of notices within it, whether by the government or a private party, is usually considered sufficient to comply with legal requirements for public notice.  Such gazettes often have little editorial content (i.e. opinion articles), and are focused on the transmission of information to the public regarding state services and state decisions; an example is Latvia's Latvijas Vēstnesis.In some jurisdictions, privately owned newspapers may register with the public authorities to publish public and legal notices, or be otherwise eligible to publish such notices (terms used may include "newspaper of general circulation" among others). Likewise, a private newspaper may be designated by the courts for publication of legal notices, such as notices of fictitious business names, if certain judicial and statutory standards are met. These are sometimes called "legally adjudicated newspapers".

 As government communications 
The term "newspapers of public record" can also be used to denote those that are owned and operated by a government that directs their entire editorial content. Such newspapers, while pejoratively termed "state mouthpieces", can also be called "official newspapers of record", independently of whether or not it also publishes legal notices - distinguishing them from a gazette whose primary role is to publish notices, as their entire editorial copy represents the official view and doctrine of the State. This kind of official newspaper should not be confused with newspapers of record by reputation or for their reliability, and in fact are liable to fail the reputation criterial due to the level of governmental control involved. Inclusion of the word "official" can be used to separate them from "newspapers of record by reputation".  Notable examples include Russia's Rossiyskaya Gazeta, North Korea's Rodong Sinmun, and China's People's Daily.

 Newspapers of record by reputation 
The second type of "newspaper of record" (also known as a "journal of record", or by the French term presse de référence) is not defined by any formal criteria, and their characteristics can vary. The category typically consists of those newspapers that are considered to meet higher standards of journalism than most print media, including editorial independence (particularly from the ruling government and from its owners), accountability (mistakes are acknowledged), attention to detail and accuracy, and comprehensiveness and balance of coverage; they are often renowned internationally, and regarded as sources in their country and/or region by other global outlets.Despite changes in society, newspapers of record by reputation have historically tended to maintain a similar tone, coverage, style, and traditions; many newspapers of record are over a century old, with some close to, or over, two centuries old (e.g. Neue Zürcher Zeitung, The Times, The Guardian, Le Figaro, and The Sydney Morning Herald).  Some newspapers of record by reputation, while respected for the accuracy and quality of their reporting, can still be recognized as ideologically conservative (e.g. The Wall Street Journal and The Telegraph) or liberal (e.g. The Washington Post and The Guardian).While many countries are proud of their newspapers of record by reputation, in some countries, they face an openly hostile state or political system that tries to suppress their press freedoms. Examples include Turkey's Cumhuriyet, where many of the staff have been imprisoned, Panama's La Prensa, where staff has been shot and the owners forced into exile, and Venezuela's El Nacional, which was effectively forced out of print by the state who seized all their assets (see examples of fallen newspapers of record).

 Etymology 
The term is believed to have originated among librarians who began referring to The New York Times as the "newspaper of record" when it became the first U.S. newspaper in 1913 to publish an index of the subjects covered in its pages. In recognition of the usage, The New York Times held an essay contest in 1927 in which entrants had to demonstrate "The Value of The New York Times Index and Files as a Newspaper of Record". The New York Times, and other newspapers of its type, then sought to be chroniclers of events, acting as a record of the day's announcements, schedules, directories, proceedings, transcripts, and appointments. The New York Times no longer considers itself a newspaper of record in the original, literal sense.Over time, historians relied on The New York Times and similar titles as a reliable archival and historical record of significant past events, and a gauge of societal opinions at the time of printing. The term "newspaper of record" evolved from its original literal sense to its currently understood meaning.The derived term "financial (or business) newspaper of record" is attributed to the Wall Street Journal, the Financial Times, and to the Nihon Keizai Shimbun (Nikkei).  While newspapers of record by reputation are typically major widely-read national (and international) publications, subject-specific newspapers of record also exist (see examples of subject-specific newspapers of record).

 Examples of existing newspapers 

 Examples of fallen newspapers 
Over time, some established newspapers of record by reputation have lost their status due to financial collapse, take-over or merger by another entity that did not have the same standards or allowed increased government control and suppression of the paper's editorial independence.  The existence of newspapers of record by reputation is an aspect of the level of press freedom and political freedom in a country, with major first-world democracies having several such newspapers (e.g. United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Canada, Italy and Japan); in contrast, countries that have seen a decline in their newspapers of record by reputation can represent a decline in levels of personal and political freedom (e.g. Zimbabwe, Venezuela, and Cambodia).Examples include:

Zimbabwe's The Herald, lost its status as an established newspaper of record when it was eventually taken over by Robert Mugabe's Zanu-PF party.
Venezuela's newspaper of record, El Nacional, was forced out of print by the state in 2018, and its headquarters was given to a high-ranking official.
London-based pan-Arab newspaper of record, Al-Hayat, ceased in 2020 due to financial and political pressures.
In Cambodia, the Hun Sen administration forced both of Cambodia's newspapers of record out of business using contrived tax fines that resulted in the closure of The Cambodia Daily in 2017, and the sale of The Phnom Penh Post to a close ally of the Hun Sen administration in 2018.
Latvian newspaper Diena saw its established status as a newspaper of record diminish after a 2010 takeover, with the Historical Dictionary of Latvia (2017) listing it as "holding tenuously to a popular newspaper-of-record sentiment at home and abroad" due to "questions of ownership and if said owners influence newspaper content".

 See also 
Freedom of the press
Grupo de Diarios América
List of national newspapers
List of government gazettes

 Notes 

 References 

Avery Williams (running back)
Avery Williams (born July 15, 1998) is an American football running back for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Boise State.

 Early years 
Williams was born to Pam Veasey and Marvin Williams on July 15, 1998. He is of Mexican descent through a grandmother. He grew up in Pasadena, California and originally attended Saint Francis High School before transferring to JSerra Catholic High School before his senior year. As a senior, Williams was named Trinity League co-Most Valuable Player after rushing for 1,175 yards and 14 touchdowns on offense at running back and was also an All-Area selection at defensive back. He received no scholarship offers to play college football and enrolled at Boise State after being offered to join the team as a preferred walk-on.

 College career 
Williams joined Boise State's football team as a walk-on and redshirted his true freshman season. He was named the Special Teams Scout Team Player of the Year during his redshirt year and awarded a scholarship during fall preseason training camp in 2017. Williams became the team's punt and kick returner as well as a starter at cornerback during his redshirt freshman season and finished the season with two interceptions and eight passes broken up and also returned two punts for touchdowns and was named second-team All-Mountain West Conference.As a redshirt sophomore, Williams recorded 49 tackles with 11 passes defended, two interceptions and three forced fumbles and returned a kickoff for a touchdown and was named honorable mention All-Mountain West. He was again named honorable mention All-Mountain West after recording 39 tackles with four passes broken up and returning 22 punts for 290 yards and two touchdowns in his junior season. As a senior, Williams returned 19 kickoffs for 533 yards and two touchdowns and 15 punts for 229 yards and two touchdowns, tying the NCAA Division I career record with nine return touchdowns. He was named first-team All-Mountain West and the Conference Special Teams Player of the Year as a returner and was a consensus first-team All-American selection as an all-purpose player.

 Professional career 
Williams was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the fifth round (183rd overall) of the 2021 NFL Draft. He signed his four-year rookie contract with Atlanta on June 15, 2021. He was the Falcons primary kick and punt returner as well as a core special teamer and gunner in 2021.
In the 2022 offseason, the Falcons moved Williams to running back, going back to his primary position in high school.On June 7, 2023, head coach Arthur Smith announced that Williams tore his ACL while participating in the Falcons' organized team activities (OTAs) and would miss the entire season. He was placed on injured reserve on June 16, 2023.

 References 

 External links 

Avery Williams on Twitter
Boise State Broncos bio
Atlanta Falcons bio

Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film
The Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film is a Golden Globe Award that was awarded for the first time at the 64th Golden Globe Awards in 2007. It was the first time that the Golden Globe Awards had created a separate category for animated films since its establishment. The nominations are announced in January and an awards ceremony is held later in the month. Initially, only three films were nominated for best animated film, in contrast to five nominations for the majority of other awards. The Pixar film Cars was the first recipient of the award.

 Eligibility 
English-language films may be nominated in only one feature category. Therefore, films nominated in this category are ineligible to be nominated for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, Best Motion Picture – Drama if their principal dialogue is in English. However, films nominated for Best Foreign Language Film are eligible for Best Animated Feature; the only Golden Globe film awards for which they are ineligible are the aforementioned two Best Motion Picture awards. This has led to much confusion leading many to believe animated films are snubbed in the Best Motion Picture categories, specifically Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy where animated films have won and/or were nominated before, but in reality (since 2006) they simply are not eligible to be nominated. On November 17, 2009, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association announced that at the 67th Annual Golden Globe Awards, there will be five nominees for Best Animated Feature Film, as its members voted to amend its rules: eligible films must be feature-length (70 minutes or longer) with no more than 25% live action. If fewer than eight animated films qualify, the award will not be given, in which case the films would be eligible for Best Picture. If fewer than twelve animated films qualify, the category will be limited to three nominations per year.

 Winners and nominees 

 2000s 

 2010s 

 2020s 

 Breakdown 
Pixar Animation Studios - 9 wins, 17 nominations
Walt Disney Animation Studios - 3 wins, 13 nominations
DreamWorks Animation - 1 win, 11 nominations
Sony Pictures Animation - 1 win, 5 nominations
Laika - 1 win, 4 nominations
Nickelodeon Movies - 1 win, 2 nominations
Netflix - 1 win, 2 nominations
Studio Ghibli - 1 win, 1 nomination
Illumination Entertainment - no wins, 4 nominations
Aardman Animations - no wins, 2 nominations
Blue Sky Studios - no wins, 2 nominations
Warner Bros. Pictures - no wins, 2 nominations
Cartoon Saloon - no wins, 2 nominations
Indian Paintbrush/American Empirical Pictures - no wins, 2 nominations

 See also 
BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film
Annie Award for Best Animated Feature
Annie Award for Best Animated Feature — Independent
Academy Award for Best Animated Feature
Japan Media Arts Festival
Animation Kobe
Tokyo Anime Award
Saturn Award for Best Animated Film
List of submissions for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature

 References 

Aglish, County Cork
Aglish (Irish: An Eaglais, meaning "the church") is a civil parish in the barony of Muskerry East, twelve miles west of the city of Cork, County Cork, Ireland. It is situated in an area of high ground sloping down to the southern edge of the River Lee, with views overlooking the Lee Valley and the Boggeragh Mountains to the north.
Archeologists suggest that it is a pre-christian site, and the original church may have been founded by Saint Finnbarr (or Barra) in about the 6th century, while on his journey from Gougane Barra to Cork City. The medieval parish church at Aglish is recorded in taxation records of 1199 as 'Magalaid' and was recorded in 1482 as 'Agalasmaschala'.The ruins of this church, which was built of local stone and lime, are still extant, although now only the northern and western walls are prominent, with the overgrown western gable forming an imposing silhouette in the landscape. The old graveyard lies to the east of the church. A new graveyard was opened to the west of the church in the 1970s and is still being used for families in the area. 

An Ogham inscription was discovered near Aglish which displays the words MUCOI SOGINI, probably referring to the historic tribe of the Corcu Sogain.

 References 

Tom Price (British politician)
Joseph Thomas Price (9 October 1902 – 1 February 1973) was a British trade unionist and Labour Party politician.

 Biography 
He was born in Pendlebury, Lancashire, the son of William Price, a coalminer, and his wife Elizabeth. He was educated at St Peter's School, Swinton, and Salford Grammar School.He became chief legal officer of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers in 1921, and was the secretary of both the Eccles Division Parliamentary Labour Party and the Swinton and Pendlebury Trades and Labour Council. He married Muriel Anna Wilcock in 1933, and they had two children.In 1951, Rhys Davies, the Labour Member of Parliament for Westhoughton, announced his resignation due to ill health. Price was selected as the Labour candidate for the ensuing byelection, and successfully held the seat. He retained the seat until his death in 1973, aged 70, in London.
Outside Parliament Price was a keen hill walker in the Lake District and Pennines, and was a founder member of the Youth Hostel movement.

 References 
Leigh Rayment's Historical List of MPs  

 External links 
Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by Tom Price

Eric Wilson (linebacker, born 1994)
Eric André Wilson (born September 26, 1994) is an American football linebacker for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Northwestern and Cincinnati, and signed with the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2017. He has also played for the Philadelphia Eagles, Houston Texans, and New Orleans Saints.

 Early years 
Wilson played high school football at Lee M. Thurston High School in Redford, Michigan. He recorded 64 tackles and four sacks in his senior year. He played safety , linebacker, and wide receiver at Lee M. Thurston. He also earned All-State, All-Conference, All-Metro  and Team MVP honors while at Lee M. Thurston. He lettered three years in football, four years in track and one year in basketball and was a long jump State Champion.

 College career 
Wilson redshirted for the Northwestern Wildcats of Northwestern University in 2012. He transferred to the University of Cincinnati in 2013, where he played for the Cincinnati Bearcats from 2013 to 2016. He sat out the 2013 season due to NCAA transfer rules. He was named Second-team All-American Athletic Conference (AAC) in 2015 and First-team All-AAC in 2016. He played in 38 games, starting 24, during his college career. He graduated from Cincinnati in December 2016 with a degree in sports management.

 Professional career 

 Pre-draft 
Wilson was rated the 21st best outside linebacker in the 2017 NFL Draft by NFLDraftScout.com. The website also predicted that he would be selected in the seventh round. Lance Zierlein of NFL.com predicted that he would be drafted in the fifth or sixth round.

 Minnesota Vikings 
Wilson signed with the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent on May 1, 2017. Wilson made his first career sack in week 11 of the 2018 season against the Chicago Bears when he sacked quarterback Mitchell Trubisky in a 25–20 loss.
In week 3 of the 2019 season against the Oakland Raiders, Wilson recorded 2 sacks on Derek Carr in the 34–14 win. In week 17 against the Chicago Bears, Wilson recorded a team high 12 tackles and sacked Trubisky once during the 21–19 loss.On March 16, 2020, the Vikings placed a second-round restricted free agent tender on Wilson. He signed the one-year contract on May 8, 2020. In Week 2 against the Indianapolis Colts, Wilson recorded his first career interception off a pass thrown by Philip Rivers during the 28–11 loss. In Week 5 against the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday Night Football, Wilson recorded a sack on Russell Wilson and intercepted a pass thrown by Wilson during the 27–26 loss. In Week 8 against the Green Bay Packers, Wilson recovered a fumble forced by teammate D. J. Wonnum on Aaron Rodgers late in the fourth quarter to secure a 28–22 Vikings' win.

 Philadelphia Eagles 
Wilson signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles on April 14, 2021. He was named the starting middle linebacker alongside T. J. Edwards. He started two of seven games played before being released on November 3, 2021.

 Houston Texans 
On November 4, 2021, Wilson was claimed off waivers by the Houston Texans.

 New Orleans Saints 
On May 16, 2022, Wilson signed with the New Orleans Saints. He was released on August 30, 2022, and signed to the practice squad the next day.

 Green Bay Packers 
On October 4, 2022, Wilson was signed by the Packers off of the Saints' practice squad. On October 16, he blocked a punt by Braden Mann during a Week 6 loss to the New York Jets. On March 25, 2023, Wilson re-signed with the Packers.   On January 20, Eric made a game saving fumble recovery against the San Francisco 49ers, during the second round of the NFL playoffs.

 NFL career statistics 

 Regular season 

 Postseason 

 References 

 External links 
Green Bay Packers bio
Cincinnati Bearcats bio
College stats

X-gender
X-gender (Japanese: Xジェンダー, romanized: x-jendā) is a third-gender that differs from M, for male, or F, for female. The term X-gender came into use during the later 1990s, popularized by queer organizations in Kansai, especially in Osaka and Kyoto. The term is used in place of non-binary and genderqueer in Japan.Prominent examples of people who define themselves as "X-gender" are mangaka Yūki Kamatani and Yuu Watase.In 2019, Japan LGBT Research Institute Inc. conducted an online survey, collecting 348,000 valid responses from people aged 20 to 69, not all of whom were LGBT. 2.5% of the respondents called themselves X-gender.

 Word origin 
The Japanese term X-gender is made up of an X indicating indeterminacy and the loan word gender, which is borrowed from English but may have somewhat different connotations from the English term. The international terms "transgender", "genderqueer" or "non-binary" or their Japanese-language equivalents were historically rarely used for such gender identities in Japan.The Kansai region on the Japanese main island is assumed to be the origin of the expression, where it appeared again and again in publications by queer (homosexual) groups in the course of the 1990s, although the exact origin is unknown. The meaning is first considered and defined in detail in an issue of Poco a poco magazine, published by G-Front Kansai in 2000, which contained several articles about people who would be classified as X-gender. However, the term itself only appeared in the glossary. Through one of the founding members of the group, who participated in several interviews and documentaries, x-jendā (pronounced ekkusu jendā in Japanese) further established. As a result, the term became more widespread through use in social media and increased awareness of the gender discourse in public opinion.

 Classification 
X-gender is considered part of the transgender spectrum and is often considered a gender identity disorder (Japanese: 性同一性障害, romanized: seidōitsuseishōgai). Since "X-gender" encompasses a wide variety of gender identities, there is no clear definition of this category in terms of a specific gender; three subgroups are used by some queer groups but has no mainstream reach:
ryōsei (両性): Individuals with characteristics of both sexes (bigender/androgyne);
chūsei (中性): Persons with a gender identity beyond male or female (third gender/gender neutral);
musei (無性): People who do not have clear sex characteristics (intersex) or do not want to be tied to one of the two gender roles (agender).The word component -sei (性) used in all of these designations means "gender" and refers to both biological and identity characteristics.
In addition there is a fourth subgroup

Futei-sei (不定性): Gender identity of a person whose gender identity fluctuates between two specific genders (genderfluid)There are multiple explanations for gender identity that can be summarized as X gender, including but not limited to the above, and variations of neutrality such as "male-leaning neutrality," neutrality with gender identity other than gender binary, and examples of both genders but feeling superior to one gender or the other, so even if the term is the same on the surface, there is a range in perception by the parties involved.The meanings of "transgender" and "gender identity disorder" originally referred to the change between the two sexes man-woman: from one to the other entirely (transsexuality). Part of the ideas was also that there was only this dual gender, combined with a heteronormativity of the respective sexual orientation (opposite sex love). In contrast, Japanese X-gender offers an indefinite possibility of gender assignment outside of the two categories without questioning their binary or heteronormativity.
People born intersex are described as XtX, and sometimes XtM and XtF, depending the gender identityPeople born female are described as FtX analogous to FtM transgender people
People born male are described as MtX analogous to MtF transgender people

 See also 
Genderless fashion in Japan

 Notes 

 References 

Good Grief (film)
Good Grief is a 2023 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Dan Levy in his directorial film debut, and starring Levy, Ruth Negga, Himesh Patel, Celia Imrie, David Bradley, Arnaud Valois, and Luke Evans. The film follows a man mourning the loss of his husband as his two best friends help him on his journey of grief and acceptance.
The film received a limited release in the United States on December 29, 2023, as well as limited release at Toronto International Film Festival on the same day before being released worldwide on Netflix on January 5, 2024.

 Plot 
In London, Marc enjoys a Christmas party with friends and Oliver, his husband of many years. Oliver leaves the party early to travel for a book signing in Paris and dies in a car accident just seconds after.
In the following year, Marc's best friends Sophie and Thomas try to help him through his grief. However, Marc opens a note from Oliver confessing he had met someone else. Then he discovers his husband had also been secretly leasing a flat in Paris. 
Marc brings Sophie and Thomas with him to the city, though he keeps the revelation a secret so the three can have a good time. Sophie, who had recently ended a serious relationship with her boyfriend Terrance, brings them to meet a date, which Marc leaves to spend time with Theo, a French man he had previously met at a London performance art exhibit. 
Marc admits that his anger at Oliver's secrets is distracting him from his grief. He also reveals that he gave up painting following the death of his mother, and he worries that he's not properly grieving Oliver just as he didn't properly grieve her. Theo brings Marc to the Claude Monet room at the Musée de l'Orangerie, explaining that it had been painted after the death of his family, and they kiss.
The next morning, Thomas berates the two for their abandonment, explaining that Sophie had been found sleeping at a bus station and he could not reach Marc. A man enters and introduces himself as Luca, a Berlin native who had won Oliver's art scholarship before growing closer to him, finally leading to Marc telling the truth about the nature of their trip. 
At dinner, Sophie apologizes to the others and asks that they are honest about their feelings for once. The friends ride the Roue de Paris where Sophie admits that she has commitment issues and Thomas admits his fear of never being "the one" for his boyfriends. Sophie and Thomas depart for London, Luca apologizes to Marc and tells him that Oliver had no intention of leaving him, and Marc sees Theo one last time.
After Marc returns to London, he decides to sell the house he'd shared with Oliver and takes up painting again. The next Christmas, Sophie is engaged to Terrance and Thomas introduces his new boyfriend to Marc. Marc's portraits (painted by artist Kris Knight), including ones of himself, Sophie, Thomas, Oliver, and Theo, are featured in a gallery as Marc is finally in a place of acceptance.

 Cast 

 Production 
In September 2021, Daniel Levy was announced to be writing and directing a romantic comedy film for Netflix, in which he would also star as part of a film and television deal he signed with the company. Levy described the film in a June 2022 interview as being more a "love story about friendship". In 2022, Levy invited Toronto-based artist Kris Knight to create shadow paintings for Levy's character Marc. In October 2022, additional casting including Ruth Negga, Himesh Patel and Luke Evans was announced.Filming took place in November 2022 in London, then moved to Paris, before wrapping in mid-December.

 Release 
Good Grief was released in limited theaters on December 29, 2023, followed by a streaming release by Netflix on January 5, 2024.

 Reception 
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 76% of 37 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 5.6/10. The website's consensus reads: "A solid first feature for writer-director Dan Levy, Good Grief offers a generally affecting look at love after death whose refreshing sincerity only occasionally veers into sentimentality." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 58 out of 100, based on 14 critics, indicating "mixed or average" reviews.Peter Debruge from Variety gave a positive review writing: "Levy has crafted an emotional story strong enough to withstand the zings of an ironic generation, who’ve been conditioned to snipe at sincerity. It takes guts to put genuine feelings on the line, especially after giving sarcastic-minded viewers so much ammunition". David Rooney writing for The Hollywood Reporter said: "The shimmering melancholy of Rob Simonsen's score is often left to suggest a depth of feeling that's missing in the writing and, by extension, the performances. The script is sensitive but never terribly probing, and the movie's intimacy more staged than lived-in".Brian Tallerico, at RogerEbert.com, gave the film a score of two out of four: "Levy has a strong on-screen presence—he's a remarkably natural, likable performer—but he struggles a bit to find his voice as a writer and director with Good Grief, a modest study of the impact of loss that pushes a few buttons harder than it should and fails to fill out its ensemble equally". Tim Robey from The Daily Telegraph rated the film three out of five.

 References 

 External links 
Good Grief on Netflix 
Good Grief at IMDb

Kentavius Street
Kentavius Radkevian Street (born May 8, 1996) is an American football defensive end for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at NC State.

 College career 
In the 2017 college football season, Street had 38 tackles and 3.5 sacks.

 Professional career 

 San Francisco 49ers 
Street tore his ACL at his pro day and was unlikely to play in 2018. Street was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the fourth round (128th overall) of the 2018 NFL Draft. He was placed on the reserve/non-football injury list on September 1, 2018, due to the knee injury.On September 1, 2019, Street was placed on injured reserve. He was designated for return from injured reserve on December 4, 2019, and began practicing with the team again. He was activated on December 14, 2019. He was placed back on injured reserve on January 10, 2020. Without Street, the 49ers reached Super Bowl LIV, but lost 31-20 to the Kansas City Chiefs. He was placed on the active/physically unable to perform list at the start of training camp on July 28, 2020, and added back to the active roster seven days later.

 New Orleans Saints 
On March 18, 2022, Street signed with the New Orleans Saints.

 Philadelphia Eagles 
On March 30, 2023, Street signed with the Philadelphia Eagles on a one year deal.

 Atlanta Falcons 
On October 31, 2023, Street, along with a 2025 seventh-round pick, was traded to the Atlanta Falcons in exchange for a 2024 sixth-round pick.

 References 

 External links 
Philadelphia Eagles bio
NC State Wolfpack bio

Bahujan Samaj Party
The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) is a national level political party in India that was formed to represent Bahujans (literally means "community in majority"), referring to Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, and Other Backward Classes (OBC), along with religious minorities. According to Kanshi Ram, when he founded the party in 1984, the Bahujans comprised 85 percent of India's population, but were divided into 6,000 different castes. The party claims to be inspired by the philosophy of B. R. Ambedkar, Mahatma Jyotiba Phule, Narayana Guru, Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj, Gautama Buddha, and Jesus Christ.
Kanshi Ram named his protégée, Mayawati, as his successor in 2001. The BSP has its main base in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh where it was the second-largest party in the 2019 Indian general election with 19.3% of votes and third-largest in the 2022 Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly election with 12.88% of votes. Its election symbol is an elephant which is the same symbol historically used by Dr. Ambedkar's Scheduled Castes Federation.

 Etymology 
"Bahujan" is a Sanskritic term found in Hindu and Buddhist texts, and literally refers to "many people", or "the majority". It connotes the combined population of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes, Other Backward Classes, Muslims, and minorities who together constitute the demographic majority of India. The word "Bahujan" appears in the dictum "Bahujana Hitaya Bahujana Sukhaya", or "The benefit and prosperity of the many", articulated by Gautama Buddha.In his writing, Dr.B. R. Ambedkar used the term to refer to the majority of people in society that experienced discrimination and oppression on the basis of caste. Jyotirao Phule used the term in a similar context, and compared the Bahujans of India to Slavery in the United States.Schedule Caste and Bahujan writers have suggested this proportion was 70 percent of the population.

 History 
Bahujan Samaj Party was founded on the birth anniversary of B. R. Ambedkar (14 April 1984) by Kanshi Ram, who named former school teacher, Mayawati, as his successor of BSP in 2001. The party's power grew quickly with seats in the Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh and the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India. In 1993, following the assembly elections, Mayawati formed a coalition with Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav as Chief Minister. On 2 June 1995, she withdrew support from his government, which led to a major incident where Yadav was accused of sending his zealots to keep her party legislators hostage at a Lucknow guest house and shout casteist abuses at her. Since this incident, they have regarded each other publicly as chief rivals. Mayawati then obtained support from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to become Chief Minister on 3 June 1995. In October 1995, the BJP withdrew their support and fresh elections were called after a period of President's Rule. In 2003, Mayawati resigned from her own government to prove that she was not "hungry for power" and asked the BJP-run Government of India to remove Union Tourism and Culture Minister, Jagmohan. In 2007, she began leading a BSP-formed government with an absolute majority for a full five-year term.On 10 Dec 2023, Mayawati declared her nephew Akash Anand as party's successor.

 Silver jubilee 
The Bahujan Samaj Party on 14 April 2009 celebrated its silver jubilee. The Manywar Shri Kanshi Ramji Shahri Garib Awas Yojna housing scheme for poor was launched by Lucknow Development Authority (LDA). The role of Mayawati was discussed in BSP's success. A mass rally was organised in Lucknow with 10000 police personnel on duty. It was the 305th and largest rally of BSP since 1984. As per Observer Research Foundation, within 25 years BSP became third largest political party of India.

 Views 
BSP believes in "Social Transformation and Economic Emancipation" of the "Bahujan Samaj". The Bahujan Samaj signifies the Bahujans as the Scheduled Castes (SC), the Scheduled Tribes (ST), and the Other Backward Castes (OBC). B. R. Ambedkar, a proponent of Bahujan rights, is their important ideological inspiration. The BSP also speaks in favor of religious minorities. The party claims not to be prejudiced against upper-caste Hindus. In 2008, while addressing the audience, Mayawati said: "Our policies and ideology are not against any particular caste or religion. If we were anti-upper caste, we would not have given tickets to candidates from upper castes to contest elections".

 List of chief ministers 

 Chief ministers of Uttar Pradesh 

 Electoral performances 

 Success in 2007 
The results of the May 2007 Uttar Pradesh state assembly election saw the BSP emerge as a sole majority party, the first to do so since 1991. Mayawati began her fourth term as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh and took her oath of office along with 50 ministers of cabinet and state rank on 13 May 2007, at Rajbhawan in the state capital of Lucknow. Most importantly, the majority achieved in large part was due to the party's ability to take away majority of upper castes votes from their traditional party, the BJP.
The party could manage only 80 seats in 2012, as opposed to 206 in 2007 assembly elections. BSP government was the first in the history of Uttar Pradesh to complete its full five-year term. On 26 May 2018, Ram Achal Rajbhar was replaced by R S Kushwaha as the president of UP unit.

 2014 Lok Sabha Elections 
The 2014 national Lok Sabha elections saw the BSP become the third-largest national party of India in terms of vote percentage, having 4.2% of the vote across the country but gaining no seats.

 2019 Lok Sabha Elections Mahagathbandhan 
Prior to the 2019 Lok Sabha elections, BSP formed a Mahagathbandhan. The Mahagathbandhan (or Grand Alliance), or simply the Gathbandhan (Alliance), is an anti-Congress, anti-BJP Indian political alliance formed in the run-up to the 2019 general election under the leadership of two former Chief Ministers of Uttar Pradesh, Akhilesh Yadav of the Samajwadi Party and Mayawati of the Bahujan Samaj Party, along with Ajit Singh's Rashtriya Lok Dal and several other political parties, contesting in different states of India.The Mahagathbandhan won 15 seats out of 80 in Uttar Pradesh in 2019 Indian General Election.

 Election results 

 Lok Sabha 

 Legislative Assembly Elections 

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
Bahujan Samaj Party (Kainth), a splinter group
BAMCEF
Dalit Shoshit Samaj Sangharsh Samiti
Republican Party of India
Samata Party
Kanshi Ram
Mayawati
Jai Bhim
R. S. Praveen Kumar
Bahujan Volunteer Force
List of political parties in India

 Further reading 
Chandra, Kanchan. 2004. Why Ethnic Parties Succeed. Cambridge University Press.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Daniel Woodrell
Daniel Woodrell (born March 4, 1953) is an American novelist and short story writer, who has written nine novels, most of them set in the Missouri Ozarks, and one collection of short stories. Woodrell coined the phrase "country noir" to describe his 1996 novel Give Us a Kiss. Reviewers have frequently since used the term to categorize his writing.

 Early life and education 
Woodrell was born in Springfield, Missouri, in the southwestern corner of the state.  He grew up in Missouri and dropped out of high school to join the Marines. Later he earned a BA from the University of Kansas and an MFA from the Iowa Writers' Workshop.
The University of Missouri Kansas City  awarded an honorary doctorate to Daniel Woodrell on December 17, 2016.

 Marriage and family 
He lives in West Plains, Missouri, in the Ozarks and is married to the novelist Katie Estill.

 Career 
Woodrell has set most of his eight novels in the Missouri Ozarks, a landscape which he knew from childhood.  He has created novels based on crime, a style he termed "country noir", a phrase which has been adopted by commentators on his work. However, William Boyle, an avowed fan and fellow author of literary crime fiction, put Woodrell's work in broader context: "this Woodrell guy’s got double of everything. Language, plot, dialogue, sense of place, energy, tension...He’s interested in the whole of humanity through the lens of his place."In addition to finding readers for his fiction, Woodrell has had three novels adapted for films. 
Woodrell's second novel, Woe to Live On (1987), was adapted for the 1999 film Ride with the Devil, directed by Ang Lee.
Winter's Bone (2006) was adapted by writer and director Debra Granik for a film of the same title, released commercially in June 2010 after winning two awards at the Sundance Film Festival, including the Grand Jury Prize for a dramatic film. Several critics called it one of the best films of the year and an American classic, and it received four Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture.Tomato Red (1998) was adapted for a 2017 feature film by Irish writer and director Juanita Wilson. This was released in Ireland in March 2017 and went on to be nominated for four awards at that year's Irish Film & Television Awards, including Best Film. Its US debut took place on April 23, 2017 at the Newport Beach International Film Festival.While filming a segment for Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations, Woodrell was filmed breaking his shoulder in a boat fishing accident.

 Honors 
1999 PEN USA award for Fiction for his novel Tomato Red (1998).
2000 He was longlisted for the International Dublin Literary Award for Tomato Red.
2008 - His short story "Uncle", originally published in A Hell of a Woman: An Anthology of Female Noir (2007), was nominated for a 2008 Edgar Award.
2010 Sundance Film Festival award for top dramatic film for adaptation of his novel Winter's Bone (published in 2006)

 Bibliography 
Under the Bright Lights (Henry Holt, 1986)
Woe to Live On (Henry Holt, 1987)
Muscle for the Wing (Henry Holt, 1988)
The Ones You Do (Henry Holt, 1992)
Give Us a Kiss: A Country Noir (Henry Holt, 1996)
Tomato Red (Henry Holt, 1998)
The Death of Sweet Mister (Putnam, 2001)
Winter's Bone (Little, Brown, 2006)
The Bayou Trilogy (Mulholland Books, 2011) (an omnibus volume collecting Under the Bright Lights, Muscle for the Wing, and The Ones You Do)
The Outlaw Album (Little, Brown, 2011)
The Maid's Version (Little, Brown, 2013)

 Filmography 
Ride with the Devil (adapted from novel Woe to Live On) (1999)
Winter's Bone (adapted from novel) (2010)
Tomato Red (adapted from novel) (2017)

 References 

 External links 
Daniel Woodrell at IMDb
Daniel Woodrell, "Night Stand", in Esquire, June 2008

Sri Lanka Navy
The Sri Lanka Navy (SLN) (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ලංකා නාවික හමුදාව, romanized: Śrī Laṃkā nāvika hamudāva; Tamil: இலங்கை கடற்படை, romanized: Ilaṅkai kaṭaṟpaṭai) is the naval arm of the Sri Lanka Armed Forces and is classed as the country's most vital defence force due to its island geography and is responsible for the maritime defence of the Sri Lankan nation and its interests. The role of the Sri Lanka Navy is to conduct operations at sea for the defence of the nation and its interests and conduct prompt and sustainable combat operations at sea in accordance with the national policies.Sri Lanka, situated in the middle of major sea lanes passing through the Indian Ocean, was always a magnet for seafarers and has a long history of naval campaigns. The current Sri Lankan Navy was established on 9 December 1950 when the Navy Act was passed for the formation of the Royal Ceylon Navy. The roots of the modern Sri Lankan Navy date back to 1937 when the Ceylon Naval Volunteer Force was established, which was renamed and absorbed into the Royal Navy as the Ceylon Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve during World War II. The current name Sri Lanka Navy was constituted in 1972 when Sri Lanka became a republic and the introduction of new constitution.
It played a key role in the Sri Lankan Civil War, conducting surveillance and patrol, amphibious and supply operations. During the war, the navy moved from a small force focused on coastal patrols to a large combat force concentrating on asymmetric naval warfare capable of amphibious and land operations in support of counter-insurgency operation that progressed into engagements of a new form of littoral zone warfare. It carried out expeditionary deployments in the Indian Ocean in order to intercept rogue arm shipments on the high seas. The navy has its own elite special forces unit, the Special Boat Squadron.
The professional head of the navy is the Commander of the Navy, currently Vice Admiral Priyantha Perera. The commander-in-chief of the Sri Lanka Armed Forces is the President of Sri Lanka, who heads the National Security Council; the Ministry of Defence is the organization where ship buying policies are made for the navy. The Sri Lanka Navy has five Advanced Offshore Patrol Vessels (equivalent to a traditional patrol frigate), three Offshore Patrol Vessels, two missile boats, 40 fast attack crafts, more than 200 patrol boats, seven landing ships/craft, along with six auxiliary vessels. Its personnel number is 48,000 of whom approximately 15,000 are deployed for shore duties.

 History 

 The Beginning and World War II 

In January 1938 the Ceylon Naval Volunteer Force (CNVF) was created with Commander W.G. Beauchamp as Commanding Officer under ordinance No I of 1937. On 31 August 1939 at the out set of World War II, the CNVF was mobilised for war duties. It took part in action during the Easter Sunday Raid. Three years later, the CNVF was offered to, and accepted by the Royal Navy (RN) as a Volunteer Reserve, the Ceylon Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (CRNVR). It continued under Royal Navy operational and administrative command until March 1946. With the end of the war, it reverted to Ceylon Government control, though yet CRNVR in name. In the 1939–1946 period, the CRNVR carried out several operational duties, mainly at sea. Cutting its teeth on the Port Commission tugs Samson and Goliath, it later manned and operated trawlers and Antarctic whalers converted as minesweepers and fitted out with guns, submarine detection equipment and anti-submarine weaponry. They were HMS Overdale Wyke (the first ship to be purchased by the Government of Ceylon), HMS Okapi, HMS Semla, HMS Sambhur, HMS Hoxa, HMS Balta and HM Tugs Barnet and C 405. In addition the CRNVR manned several Motor Fishing Vessels (MFV), Harbour Defence Motor Launch (HDML) and miscellaneous auxiliary vessels. All were manned exclusively by CRNVR personnel. These ships were meant to sweep and guard the approaches the harbours but were often used on extended missions outside Ceylon waters. In the course of these operations, the ships came under enemy fire, recovered essential information from Imperial Japanese aircraft that were shot down, sailed to Akyab (modern Sittwe) after the Burma front was opened in two FMVs for harbour duties, and were called upon to accept the surrender of the Italian sloop Eritrea and escort her to the Colombo port with a prize crew on board.

 Royal Ceylon Navy 

 Formation 
With Ceylon gaining self rule from the British in 1948, the Parliament of Ceylon passed the Navy Act, No. 34 of 1950 which established the Royal Ceylon Navy (RCyN) on 9 December 1950. The CRNVR served as a source of officers and sailors for the newly established RCyN as one hundred were selected and transferred to the regular naval force. Under the Navy Act, the CRNVR became the  volunteer naval force on 9 January 1951 as the Royal Ceylon Volunteer Naval Force (RCVNF). The first warship of the RCyN was commissioned in 1951 as HMCyS Vijaya, an Algerine-class minesweeper, ex-HMS Flying Fish along with other patrol boats and tugs. It was the policy of His Majesties Government of Ceylon to build a strong navy to be the first line of defence of the island country. As such the fleet was expanded with the addition of, HMCyS Parakrama, another Algerine-class minesweeper (ex-HMS Pickle), two Canadian-built "River" class frigates HMCyS Mahasena (ex-HMCS Orkney, Violetta and ex-Israeli ship Mivtach), HMCyS Gajabahu (ex-HMCS Hallowell, ex-Israeli Misnak) and an oceangoing tug (ex-HMS Adept). The RCyN took part in several joint naval exercises and a goodwill missions. Commodore Royce de Mel became the first Ceylonese to head the navy as he was appointed Captain of the RCyN in 1955. In 1959, the navy took over the strategic Royal Naval Dockyard, Trincomalee as the last of the British forces in Ceylon withdrew. In 1960, flexing its blue water capability a naval fleet undertook a deployment to the far east. Its return resulted in scandal as a search for contraband took place. A Commission of Inquiry into the incident resulted in the dismissal of several officers (with commissions withdrawn and others retired) and the compulsory retirement of Rear Admiral de Mel, who was thereafter implicated in an attempt military coup d'état in 1962.

 Stagnation 
In the aftermath of the attempted coup, the armed forces saw major budget cuts that dramatically halted the expansion it enjoyed in the 1950s. Under N. Q. Dias, the Ministry of External Affairs and Defence changed its defense policy taking steps to prevent a further coup attempts. Joint operations among armed services were stopped, with the army to focused on internal security and the role of the navy was scaled down. As a result, several of its ships were sold off and its size reduced by the stoppage of recruitment of officers cadets and sailors for over seven years, the loss of important bases and barracks and the stoppage of training in the United Kingdom. Two batches of 300 ratings were recruited in 1966 and 1969.

 Insurrection 

As a result, in 1971 the navy was poorly equipped and short of personnel when the 1971 JVP Insurrection broke out. RCyN had only one warship, HMCyS Gajabahu which was not put to sea as its crew were dispatched with other naval personal for shore duty. RCyN initially mounted the defence of ports and thereafter carryout offensive counter insurgency operations against the insurgents. During the insurrection navy suffered its first combat casualties and went on to man detention centres to rehabilitate surrendered insurgents after it was crushed in a few months. Ceylon, however, had to rely on the Indian Navy to established an exclusion zone around the island.With the JVP insurection, the Government felt the limitations of the RCyN and the need to strengthen the navy. The People's Republic of China gifted two Type 062-class gunboat and these were commissioned in February 1972, while three more were ordered.

 Navy of the Republic 
In July 1972 the "Dominion of Ceylon" became the "Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka" and the Royal Ceylon Navy became the Sri Lanka Navy. The ensign, along with the Flag Officers' flags, were redesigned. The term "Captain of the Navy", introduced in the Navy Act, was changed to "Commander of the Navy", in keeping with the terminology adopted by the other two services. Finally, "Her Majesty's Ceylon Ships" (HMCyS) became "Sri Lankan Naval Ships" (SLNS).SLN received three more Type 062-class gunboats in December 1972, while the USSR gifted a Shershen-class torpedo boat in 1975. These gunboats allowed the SLN to carry out effective coastal patrolling and several cruises to regional ports. New bases were established to counter smuggling operations in the coastal areas. Five inshore patrol crafts were ordered from Cheverton, while six coastal patrol craft were built by the Colombo Dockyards.

 Civil war 

At the begin of the civil war in the 1980s the navy found itself poorly equipped to face the new threats the LTTE created. It found itself engaging in anti-smuggling operations to counter LTTE gun running between India and Sri Lanka. As the larger gun boats proved ineffective against faster small boats used by the LTTE with outboard motors, the navy began deploying small boats with waterjets and inshore patrol boats armed with machine guns to police its waters. The LTTE responded with mounting machine guns and attacking the navy boats. This began an asymmetric war at sea, taking place primarily in the coastal waters among small boats of the navy and the LTTE naval arm the Sea Tigers. The decades long conflict saw the escalation of the size, firepower and speed of the boats with new techniques deployed by both sides. The Sea Tigers mastered the art of using sophisticated suicide crafts against naval vessels both small and large. The navy acquired in the late 1980s Israeli Dvora-class fast patrol boats which it designated as Fast Attack Crafts (FAC). The FACs of the Fast Attack Flotilla became the workhorses of the navy's offensive and defensive operations against the Sea Tigers. In the 1990s and 2000s Super Dvora class boats were added and a locally built Colombo class was introduced in larger numbers. These proved highly successful in limiting the LTTE's use of the seas.During the war the navy increased its fleet of larger vessels by introducing two locally built Jayasagara class offshore patrol vessels and purchasing several more Type 062-class gunboats. The navy lost several ships in the 1990s to Sea Tiger attacks by suicide crafts such as in the sinking of SLNS Sagarawardena and SLNS Ranaviru and the use of suicide frogmen such as in the bombing of SLNS Sooraya and SLNS Ranasuru. Due to the threat posed by the Sea Tigers, the navy had to undertake convoy duty to escort shipping to the Jaffna peninsula to which all land routes were controlled by the LTTE. In order keep supply lines open to Jaffna, the navy employed several auxiliary ships. It also deployed auxiliary ships to support FACs.In the early 1980s a land combat force named Naval Patrolmen was created which at first limited itself to base defence and, as its numbers increased, took part in offensive operations against the LTTE along with the Sri Lankan Army. An elite naval special forces unit called the Special Boat Squadron was created in the late 1980s based on the British Special Boat Service.In order to support ground operations of the army, landing ships and boats were acquired. In early 1990s the SLN carried out in conjunction with the army its first amphibious operation code named Operation Sea Breeze followed by the larger Operation Balavegaya a year later and on the seas it began an aggressive clamp down on LTTE actives including gunrunning. In 1992, Admiral W.W.E. Clancy Fernando, the commander of the navy was assassinated by a suicide bomb attack by the LTTE.The mid-1990s saw a slow expansion of larger fleet assets with addition of newer Type 062-class gun boats and a Haiqing class submarine chaser being added to the fleet to intercept arms shipments destined for the Tigers within Sri Lankan territorial waters. In 2000 the Navy started a fleet air arm (FAA) by acquiring a HAL Chetak from India to expand its surveillance capability by operating from newly acquired Offshore Patrol Vessels. During the same time conventional warfare capability was increased by the addition of Sa'ar 4-class missile boats. In 2004, the navy received a Reliance-class cutter from the United States Excess Defense Articles (EDA) program.Following the resumption of hostilities between the government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE since early 2006, the navy took up an active role in limiting the LTTE's use of the seas. This resulted in several major sea battles occurring during the course of 2006, 2007 and 2009. Most significant of the events during this time was the interception and sinking of several large cargo ships that were bringing illegal arms shipments to the LTTE in the Indian Ocean in international waters (Sri Lanka Navy anti arms smuggling operations). These naval operations have proven the blue water capability of the Sri Lankan Navy.
During the war the navy, along with the army, developed its own weapons development programmes to produce and maintain weapon systems suited for indigenous requirements in collaboration with Colombo Dockyard which included the Jayasagara class, Colombo class and the Ranavijaya class; while the navy designed and developed the Arrow class.

 Post war 
With the end of the civil war, the navy has begun reorienting itself for the future defence of the island. This has led to force redeployment, training exercises and transfer of certain duties to the newly formed Sri Lanka Coast Guard. In the post war years the navy has expanded it maritime operations to fisheries control and counter human trafficking. Operations to counter illegal poaching by Tamil Nadu fishermen have led to allegations that personnel from the Sri Lanka Navy have attacked more than twelve fishermen, two of whom have died, in a series of disputes. Australia transferred two Bay-class patrol boats to the Sri Lanka Navy, following its Prime Minister's visit to the island for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in November 2013. The first of these vessels was delivered in April 2014.

 Blue water navy 
Expanding its blue water capability the navy began commissioning larger fleet assets equivalent to Patrol frigates, which it termed as Advanced Offshore Patrol Vessels. In April and August 2018 two 105m long vessels of the Saryu-class were commissioned. Built by Goa Shipyard on order to the Sri Lanka navy, these were the largest purpose built ships for the Sri Lanka Navy.In 2017, SLNS Sayurala took part in Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) International Fleet Review 2017 in Thailand. This is the longest foreign tour (21 days) an SLN Ship undertook after the year 1965 with 127 sailors including 18 officers. This followed in 2018 by SLNS Sagara which sailed to Indonesia to attend the Multilateral Naval Exercise “Komodo” and “International Fleet Review” (IFR) 2018, while SLNS Samudura and SLNS Suranimala sailed to India to take part in Milan. The navy participated in Exercise RIMPAC for the first time in 2018, sending a contingent of marines to the international maritime exercise.In August 2018, the navy took over a Hamilton-class high endurance cutter which was transferred to the Navy from United States under the EDA program. Commissioned in June 2019 as an Advanced Offshore Patrol Vessel, it became the largest combat vessel in the Sri Lankan navy at 3250 tonnes and second former United States cutter in its service.In June 2019, the navy took over a Type 053H2G frigate which was transferred to the Navy from China. It will be armed with dual Type 79 100 mm naval guns and two Type 76A dual-37 mm anti-aircraft guns to function as an Advanced Offshore Patrol Vessel.In August 2021, the navy dispatched its Landing Ship, Tank SLNS Shakthi to sail to the Port of Chennai to sealift urgently needed medical grade oxygen needed for the COVID-19 situation in the island. On 26 October 2021, the navy formally took over the second Hamilton-class high endurance cutter transferred from the United States at the USCG Station Seattle under the EDA program. It is due to reach its home port in 2022, following a seven-month refit in Seattle.
In March 2022, the Government of Sri Lanka signed several defense agreements with the Government of India which included the establishment of a Maritime Rescue Coordinating Centre on an Indian grant as well as the acquisition of Dornier 228 maritime reconnaissance aircraft to the Sri Lanka Air Force to operate with naval personal. A 4,000 ton floating dock constructed by Goa Shipyard was also acquired as part of a grant from India, to facilitate repair and maintenance of larger fleet units based at Trincomalee instead of having to depend dry dock facilities in Colombo.In January 2024, the President of Sri Lanka announced plans to deploy a navy ship to the Red Sea to join the maritime coalition defending shipping against increased attacks by Houthi rebels in Yemen. The navy has decided to deploy one of its five Advanced Offshore Patrol Vessels to the Red Sea as part of Operation Prosperity Guardian.

 Major combat operations 
Apart from continued deployments at sea the navy has played a significant role in supporting all major operations carried out by the Army including several amphibious operations.

 Current deployments 
As of present, most of the Sri Lankan Navy is deployed for domestic defence with the end of combat operations, while foreign deployments are carried out from time to time.

 Domestic 
Due to the Sri Lankan Civil War the navy has been on a constant mobilized (including reservist) state since the 1980s (except for a brief period from 2002 to 2005). The majority of the naval units both at sea and ground-based are deployed in the North and Eastern provinces of the country, as well as in other parts of the country. The security of all major ports of the country is the responsibility of the navy, due to terrorist activity.

 Foreign 
Haiti - Since 2004 navy personnel have been attached to the Sri Lankan contingent of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti.

 Command, control and organisation 
The professional head of the navy is the Commander of the Navy (C of N) who reports directly to the Minister of Defence. The Commander of the Navy exercises operational and administrative control of the Navy from Naval Headquarters in SLNS Parakrama, Colombo. He is assisted by the Chief of Staff (C of S); who along with Directors General and Directors comprise the Board of Management (BOM) and Board of Directors (BOD) of the Sri Lanka Navy.

 Leadership 

 Board of Management 
The following posts make up the Board of Management:
Director General Operations
Director General Health Services
Director General Logistics
Commandant Volunteer Naval Force
Director General Budget & Finance
Director General Personnel
Director General Administration
Director General Electrical and Electronic Engineering
Director General Training
Director General Engineering
Director General Civil Engineering
Director General Services
Naval Assistant to The Commander of The Navy

 Commands 
The Navy has seven commands known as Naval Area Commands, each under the control of a flag officer for effective command and administrative control. This is in order to efficiently maintain all ships, crafts and vehicles; and to ensure the operational readiness of commands and units each area shall have its own harbour/ base, repair and refitting facilities, signal centres, logistic, civil engineering and medical facilities.
Seven Naval Area Commands (see image to the right)

Northern Naval Area (NNA)
North Central Naval Area (NCNA)
North Western Naval Area (NWNA)
Western Naval Area (WNA)
Southern Naval Area (SNA)
Eastern Naval Area (ENA)
South Eastern Naval Area (SENA)

 Units 
3rd Fast Gun Boats Squadron (3 FGS)
4th Fast Attack Flotilla (4 FAF)
7th Surveillance Command Squadron
Special Boat Squadron
Rapid Action Boat Squadron
Sri Lanka Marine Corps
Naval Boat Building Yard

 Branches 
Sri Lanka Navy consists following branches to which personnel are attached to;

Executive Branch
Navigation and Direction
Communications
Gunnery
Missiles
Anti-Submarine Warfare (ASW)
Diving
Hydrography
Engineering Branch
Medical Branch
Logistics Branch
Electrical & Electronics Engineering Branch
Naval Patrolman Branch
Information Technology Branch
Musical Branch
Legal Branch
Provost Branch

 Training 

At the formation of the Royal Ceylon Navy in 1950, it looked to the Royal Navy to its training in the formational years. Navel rating training was initiated locally with Royal Navy instructors at Royal Naval Dockyard, Trincomalee while officer cadets and specialist training took place in the United Kingdom. Initial batches of officer cadets were sent to Britannia Royal Naval College, along with specialized training at trade schools of the Royal Navy, while senior officers were sent to the Royal Naval College, Greenwich and to the Royal College of Defence Studies. Following the resuspension of recruitment following the suspension from 1962 to 1967, the Naval and Maritime Academy was established for basic officer training. With the rapid expansion of the Sri Lankan armed forces in the 1980s and 1990s saw the establishment of local specialist and trade schools in the navy, along with staff colleges and a defence university. At present the Director General Training directs all naval training establishments.
All pre-commissioning training for officers are carried out at the Naval and Maritime Academy (NMA) at the SLN Dockyard in Trincomalee and short/specialised officer training is conducted at the SLNS Gemunu, Welisara.  This training includes theoretical aspects covered at the training institute followed by a practical exposure on board the Sri Lanka Navy fleet at sea. The Naval & Maritime Academy also has specialist schools for training areas such as ASW, diving, medicine, combat, NBCD and sniper. It also conducts the Sub Lieutenant Technical Course for newly commissioned officers, the Junior Naval Staff Course for staff officers and the Long Logistics Management Course (LLMC) for logistics officers of the navy. The General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University (KDU) formed in 1981 and situated in Ratmalana, fourteen kilometers south of Colombo, is Sri Lanka's only university specialising in defence studies. Apart from postgraduate defence studies each year, approximately fifty cadets from all three services are admitted to the university (aged 18–22) to participate in a three-year programme of under graduate studies.Senior officers of the ranks of Lieutenant Commander and Commander follow the Command and Staff Course at the Defence Services Command and Staff College (DSCSC) at Batalanda, Makola which allows officers to gain a Masters Of Science (Defence Studies) degree from the KDU. Senior officers destined for flag rank attend the prestigious National Defence College (NDC) in Colombo which is the highest level of training leading to a  Master of Philosophy from the KDU. The navy continuous to send its senior officers for overseas training.
Basic training for new recruits (approximately six months) are conducted at  Advanced Naval Training Centre, SLNS 'Nipuna'; Naval Institute of Technology, SLNS 'Thakshila', Welisara; and at Naval Recruit Training Centres at several shore establishments. This basic training will be followed by on-the-job training on-board fleet units and at shore establishments. Combat Training School at SLNS 'Pandukabaya' conducts combat training for Naval Patrolmen.
Additional training is carried out in UK, India, Pakistan, Australia.

Main training establishments,Naval & Maritime Academy - SLN Dockyard
Advanced Naval Training Centre - SLNS Nipuna
Naval Artificer Training Institute - SLNS Thakshila
Naval Recruit Training Centre - SLNS Shiksha
Naval Recruit Training Centre/Combat Training School - SLNS Pandukabaya

 Current Fleet 

The Sri Lankan Naval fleet consists of above 250 combat, support ships and inshore patrol craft, with most originating from the United States, China, India, Israel. While Naval Boat Building Yard, Colombo Dockyard provide locally.

 Ships 

 Main Naval Weapons Systems 
Gabriel - Anti-ship missile
Oto Melara 76 mm naval artillery
PJ33A 100 mm dual gun naval artillery
Typhoon - Naval Optronic Stabilized Weapon Platforms
M242 Bushmaster - 25 mm (25x137mm) chain-fed autocannon
Naval variant of a locally developed guided missile and 40-barrel and 20-barrel MRLS to be soon installed on naval vessels

 Naval Exercises 
Sri Lanka often conducts and participate naval exercises with other friendly forces and countries designed to increase naval cooperation and also to strengthen cooperative security relationship.

 Marine battalion 

In 2016, the Sri Lanka Navy formed its first battalion of Marines specializing in amphibious warfare. The unit started training under the assistance of the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit of the United States Marine Corps in November 2016 and received further training from the Commando Regiment of Sri Lanka Army.The first group consisting of 164 Marines, consisting of 6 officers and 158 sailors, passed out on 27 February 2017 from Naval Base SLNS Barana in Mullikulam in a ceremony attended by the President Maithripala Sirisena, and the Commander of the Navy Vice Admiral Ravindra Wijegunaratne alongside the tri-force Commanders and other senior officers. On July 29, 2017, Vice Admiral Wijegunarathna opened the new Marine Headquarters, SLNS Vidura in Sampoor, Trincomalee.

 Personnel 

 Parama Weera Vibhushanaya recipients 
The Parama Weera Vibhushanaya is the highest award for valour awarded in the Sri Lankan armed forces. Navy recipients include;

Lieutenant Commander Jude Lakmal Wijethunge  †
Chief Petty Officer K. G. Shantha  †

 Notable fallen members 
Over 23,790 Sri Lankan armed forces personnel were killed since the start of the civil war in 1981 to its end in 2009, this includes 2 admirals killed in active duty or assassinated. 659 service personnel were killed due to the second JVP insurrection from 1987 to 1990. 53 service personnel were killed and 323 were wounded in the first JVP insurrection from 1971 to 1972. Notable fallen members includes;

Admiral W.W.E. Clancy Fernando  † - Commander of the Navy
Rear admiral Mohan Jayamaha  † - Commander, Northern Naval Area

 Women 
Women in the Sri Lanka Navy were taken by the help of Women's Royal Naval Service (Britain); however, for women in the Sri Lanka Navy, there is no separate branch or department. Women can join both as officers and sailors.
Today women are recruited to both the regular and volunteer forces. Although at first limited to the medical branch, currently females are able to join any branch of the navy. In 2007, the navy appointed its first-ever female Commodore, Surgeon Commodore Indranee Y. Amarasinghe.

 Ranks 

The following tables present the military ranks and insignia of the Sri Lanka Navy. These ranks generally correspond with those of Western or Commonwealth Nations militaries, and reflect those of the British warrant officer, non-commissioned officer and enlisted ranks and the Commissioned officer ranks. Sri Lanka does have an Admiral rank, but it is usually only awarded to the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) or as an honorary rank.

OfficersOther ranks

 Future of Sri Lanka Navy 
The Sri Lanka Navy set a medium-term fleet expansion goal targeting ten new vessels in its 'Sri Lanka Navy 2025' plan as part of its expansion of blue water operations.According to the Maritime Doctrine of Sri Lanka (MDSL) published in 2020, the establishment of Naval Aviation consisting of helicopters and drones have been proposed and initial steps have been taken.Naval variant of a locally developed guided missile and 40-barrel and 20-barrel MRLS to be soon installed on naval vessels.The Navy planned to purchase a locally constructed 110m OPV and 10 45m Fast Patrol Boats from the Colombo Dockyard PLC. However, the plans were suspended in 2022 due to the lack of funds alongside a plan to purchase a 95.6m corvette from China. 

 See also 
Military of Sri Lanka
Commander of the Navy (Sri Lanka)
Military ranks and insignia of the Sri Lanka Navy
Fast Attack Flotilla
Special Boat Squadron (Sri Lanka)
Rapid Action Boat Squadron
Naval and Maritime Academy
Hoods Tower Museum
Sri Lankan Civil War
 Sri Lanka portal

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Ministry of Defence Sri Lanka
General Sir John Kotelawala Defence Academy

List of England cricket team coaches
The Coach of the England cricket was a position first filled in 1986.  There have been nine coaches in total, with Peter Moores holding the position twice. The role usually entails selecting players for squads, selecting the starting eleven and giving media interviews. Commonly referred to as coach, the role has in the past also been labelled as team manager or team director.

 List of England Coaches 
The following men have held the position of Head Coach of the England Cricket Team. Duncan Fletcher is the longest serving coach, having held the role for eight years, and Peter Moores is the only man to have held the position twice. 
The current coach of the test team is Brendon McCullum. Matthew Mott is the current white-ball coach.

 Splitting the role 
In 2012 Andy Flower resigned from his position of coach of the ODI and T20 teams, but remained in his role as coach of the Test team. Ashley Giles was appointed coach of the limited overs team but had no involvement in the Test team. Flower was the first of the two coaches to depart, with Ashley Giles being replaced as limited overs coach when Peter Moores was appointed as the roles were combined again.

 Foreign Coaches 
Duncan Fletcher became the first foreign coach of the English cricket team(1999-2007), whilst his fellow Zimbabwean; Andy Flower was head coach from 2009-2014. 2019 World Cup winning coach of the England team, Trevor Bayliss, is Australian. The current coaches, Brendon McCullum and Matthew Mott are from New Zealand and Australia respectively.

 References 

List of Chicago Bears head coaches
This is a complete list of Chicago Bears head coaches.  There have been 17 head coaches for the Chicago Bears, including coaches for the Decatur Staleys (1919–1920) and Chicago Staleys (1921). The Bears franchise was founded as the Decatur Staleys, a charter member of the American Professional Football Association.  The team moved to Chicago in 1921, and changed its name to the Bears in 1922, the same year the American Professional Football Association (APFA) changed its name to the National Football League (NFL).
The Chicago Bears have played more than 1,000 games.  Of those games, five different coaches have won NFL championships with the team: George Halas in 1921, 1933, 1940, 1941, 1946 and 1963; Ralph Jones in 1932; Hunk Anderson and Luke Johnsos in 1943; and Mike Ditka in 1985.  George Halas is the only coach to have more than one tenure and is the all-time leader in games coached and games won, while Ralph Jones leads all coaches in winning percentage with .706. Abe Gibron is statistically the worst coach of the Bears in terms of winning percentage, with a .268 average.Of the 18 Bears coaches, three have been elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame: George Halas, Paddy Driscoll, and Mike Ditka.  Several former players have been head coach for the Bears, including George Halas, Hunk Anderson, Luke Johnsos, Paddy Driscoll, Jim Dooley, Abe Gibron and Mike Ditka.
After Ditka was fired following the 1992 season, the Bears went through six head coaches starting with Dave Wannstedt, who coached until 1998. Dick Jauron took over in 1999 until he was fired in 2003. Lovie Smith was hired on January 14, 2004. Smith was fired on December 31, 2012, after the Bears missed the playoffs with a 10–6 record after starting the season 7–1. On January 16, 2013, Marc Trestman was hired to be the new head coach to take Smith's place. Trestman was fired on December 29, 2014, with a 13–19 record over two seasons. On January 16, 2015, John Fox was hired as the new head coach of the team. He compiled a 14–34 record over three seasons before being fired on January 1, 2018. A week later, Matt Nagy became the new head coach. Nagy was fired after the 2021 season. Matt Eberflus was named the new head coach on January 27, 2022.

 Key 

 Coaches 
Note: Statistics are accurate through the end of the 2023 NFL season.

 Footnotes 
a Official Chicago Bears record books list Halas as the first head coach in franchise history and therefore head coach Matt Eberflus would be the 17th head coach in franchise history.
b  The winning percentage is calculated using the formula: 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              W
              i
              n
              s
              +
              
                
                  1
                  2
                
              
              T
              i
              e
              s
            
            
              G
              a
              m
              e
              s
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\frac {Wins+{\frac {1}{2}}Ties}{Games}}}
  
c  Robert E. Brannan became the coach of the club when it was established by the A. E. Staley Company of Decatur, Illinois in 1919 as a company team.
d  No official records for the 1919 season in Chicago Bears record books, but the team finished the season 6–1.
e  Halas' full coaching record with the Bears is 497 regular season games coached with a record of 318–148–31 and a W–L percentage of .682.  He is also 6–3 in 9 Playoff games.
f  The NFL did not hold playoff games until 1932.
g  Anderson and Johnsos were co-Head Coaches from 1942 to 1945.  They were appointed by Halas when he left to serve in the US Navy.

 References 

 External links 

Saints Row IV
Saints Row IV is a 2013 action-adventure game developed by Volition and published by Deep Silver. It is the sequel to 2011's Saints Row: The Third, the fourth installment of the Saints Row series, and the final main installment in the original series that began with the original game. The game was released in August 2013 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360, and was later ported to PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Linux in 2015. A Nintendo Switch port was released on March 27, 2020, and a Google Stadia port was released on November 1, 2021.
The game's open world nature allows players to freely explore a simulation of the fictional city of Steelport while completing main and side missions at their leisure. It incorporates science fiction elements, and continues the series' reputation for over-the-top parody. The single-player story follows the same player-created character from the previous games, who is elected President of the United States after thwarting a terrorist threat. Five years into their governance, they find themselves trapped in the Steelport simulation along with members of their gang, the 3rd Street Saints, after an alien empire known as the Zin attack the Earth and capture them. With help from some Saints who managed to escape and hacked the simulation to give them superpowers, the player attempts to rescue their captured friends, escape the simulation, and defeat the Zin.
Saints Row IV was the first game developed by Volition following its acquisition by Koch Media in early 2013. The supernatural and superpower concept for the game started in Enter the Dominatrix, a cancelled expansion planned for Saints Row: The Third, which the team expanded into Saints Row IV. Volition later released a "director's cut" of Enter the Dominatrix as downloadable content for Saints Row IV alongside another expansion, How the Saints Saved Christmas, as well as various weapons, costumes, and vehicle packs. A standalone expansion, Saints Row: Gat out of Hell, was released in January 2015, serving as an epilogue to the base game. 
The game received several limited and summative edition releases, and was briefly banned in Australia. It received positive reviews from critics, who praised its humor and character customization options, but criticized its lack of challenge. It sold over one million units in its first week. The next game in the series, a reboot, titled Saints Row, was released in August 2022.

 Gameplay 
Similar to previous Saints Row games, Saints Row IV is an open world action game with third-person shooter elements wherein the player is free to explore the environment and, at their leisure, play story or side missions. As the leader of the Saints, a street gang that has become the world's most "powerful and popular" organization, the player is elected President of the United States, receives superpowers, and fends off an alien invasion. Most often the player will engage in shooting and racing activities, though other activities vary from fighting crowds of zombies, shoot-outs in tanks, side-scrolling brawlers, fights against supersized, daikaiju energy drink cans, and using a dubstep gun to interrupt 1950s Americana. The player-character receives elemental powers and superpowers that greatly increase their jump height and running speed, such that the player can hop over buildings and outrun vehicles. The elemental powers include abilities to shoot fire and ice projectiles, telekinetically toss things, and create shockwaves upon landing jumps.  As the player progresses through the game, they can optionally upgrade their abilities and weapons skill tree by using collectible "data clusters" scattered around town. If the player becomes too rowdy, the alien race's police analogue will intervene. As in previous games, the player-character's look and feel is entirely customizable via a robust character editor feature.The game is set in a nearly identical simulation of Steelport, the fictional city setting from Saints Row: The Third, though individual story missions have new, custom-designed levels. Saints Row IV's story parodies science fiction video games, mostly Mass Effect 2, as well as films like The Matrix and Zero Dark Thirty, and other "nerd culture". Some story missions are propelled by individual characters' existential crises, as each Saint character is stuck in a personal simulation of their own hell, and must be rescued by the player. Other elements borrowed from video game culture include BioWare-style character romances and a Metal Gear-style mission with an unhelpful partner.City districts are "liberated" from alien occupation as the player completes side missions in occupied districts. Liberated districts increase the player's hourly income, which can be spent on weapons, skills, and perks. Side missions include Insurance Fraud (where the player jumps into traffic to collect insurance money), demolition derby-style Mayhem, and superpowered foot races. Saints Row IV has a two-player cooperative mode.

 Plot 
A few months after the events of Saints Row: The Third, the 3rd Street Saints are called to assist MI6 agent Asha Odekar (Rebecca Riedy) and former Deckers leader Matt Miller (Yuri Lowenthal) in foiling a terrorist plot by former S.T.A.G. leader Cyrus Temple (Richard Epcar). The Boss (Troy Baker, Kenn Michael, Robin Atkin Downes, Laura Bailey, Diane Michelle, Sumalee Montano, or Nolan North) and their top lieutenants, Shaundi (Danielle Nicolet) and Pierce Washington (Arif S. Kinchen), breach Cyrus' base with Asha, killing him and preventing a nuclear missile from hitting Washington D.C. Five years later, the Boss has been elected President of the United States for their heroism, receiving actor Keith David (himself) as their Vice President, while assigning their Cabinet roles to their fellow Saints, Asha, Matt, and former Vice Kings leader Benjamin King (Terry Crews). Moments into a press conference, Earth is hit by an invasion from an alien empire known as the Zin, led by the ruthless Zinyak (JB Blanc), who destroy the White House and abduct the Boss, Keith, and most of the Cabinet.
After the Boss escapes from a computer simulation based on a 1950s sitcom environment with the help of the Saints' hacker specialist Kinzie Kensington (Natalie Lander), they find themselves brought into a virtual recreation of Steelport. Working to manipulate the environment with special powers, they eventually reunite with Kinzie and Keith in a stolen Zin ship. When the group try to contact other Saints for help, Zinyak stops them by destroying the Earth. Enraged, the Boss re-enters the Steelport simulation to find the others that the Zin abducted, rescuing each from simulations based on their personal nightmares. Zinyak responds by having the Steelport simulation flooded with copies of gang members the Boss faced in the past, which causes Kinzie to suspect he is drawing them from the memories of someone else who has fought them. The Boss quickly deduces that the Zin abducted Johnny Gat (Daniel Dae Kim), the only Saint who has been with the gang longer than them, and who was supposedly killed years ago. After rescuing Gat from his own simulation, he explains that Zinyak captured him years ahead of Earth's invasion because he was the only one who could have thwarted it, and officially rejoins the Saints.
The Saints soon rally inside the simulation to confront Zinyak, only for Kinzie to be captured in the real world by Zin forces. Discovering that Keith betrayed them, the Boss confronts him and learns he did so in exchange for the Zin restoring Earth. After pursuing him through his own personal nightmare, the Boss reveals to Keith that he was tricked, and convinces him to rejoin the Saints. Learning where Kinzie was taken, the Boss rescues her from her personal nightmare. With the group back in operations, Kinzie formulates a plan to board Zinyak's ship by overloading the Steelport simulation to create an opening. Upon the Saints achieving this, the Boss boards Zinyak's ship, steals power armor that emulates their powers from the simulation, and uses it to kill Zinyak in front of the Zin, seizing control of their empire.
The game's ending depends on the number of optional "Loyalty" missions completed. If any of them were omitted, the Boss plans for the Saints to conquer a new homeworld, starting the "Saints Empire." Otherwise, the Saints learn they can restore the Earth using time-travel, after discovering that Zinyak has captured several historical figures and placed them in suspended animation. The Boss decides to awaken one of them from stasis, namely 19th-century writer Jane Austen (Eden Riegel), whom they are a fan of, and who reveals herself as the game's narrator once she awakens.

 Development 
After the release of Saints Row: The Third, preliminary work on a game called Saints Row: Part Four began. The game would take place after the events of The Third in a new city and feature gameplay similar to The Third. Meanwhile, a standalone expansion to The Third called Enter the Dominatrix was first announced as a 2012 April Fool's joke, but still went into development. The expansion pack's basic concept included a superpowered player-character trapped by alien commander Zinyak in a simulation of Steelport. With THQ suffering financially, its president Jason Rubin encouraged company subsidiary and Saints Row series developer Volition to grow elements from the expansion into a full game. The company announced this change in direction in June 2012, cancelling Saints Row: Part Four and expanding Enter the Dominatrix into a full sequel, Saints Row IV. The company's strategy was partly to avoid sales issues by releasing the game in August 2013, prior to the circulation of rumors about next generation video game consoles. Volition was sold to Koch Media in early 2013 when its parent company, THQ, filed for bankruptcy. It became Koch's first internal video game studio. The studio officially announced Saints Row IV two months later, which was published by Koch Media brand Deep Silver. Acquired without rights to their Red Faction series, Volition's new goals were to make connected, open world games where "the player is an agent of mayhem". The entire company worked on the one game.Each of the Saints Row series games had a core intent, and while the first three games built on the first's "outlandishness and irreverence", the fourth focused on "the supernatural and superpowers". Senior producer Jim Boone recalled reviewers that asked whether the company could be "more over-the-top" than Saints Row: The Third, which they took as a challenge. The team focused more on making the game "fun" than "for the sake of being over the top", and felt that superpowers helped the game's basic navigation and combat. They also chose to remove the previous game's in-game mobile phone-based navigation, which hindered its narration, and replaced it with a "quest log structure". The team chose not to devote as much time improving the game's graphics, considering the impending release of next generation platforms. The game spent less time in development than prior series games.In August 2014, Volition announced that they would be releasing a development kit for the Windows version of the game, which lets players modify game assets and create new weapons. Support for modding via Steam Workshop integration was added in November 2016.
The in-game radio has seven pre-programmed radio stations and 109 licensed tracks. The game's original soundtrack is composed by Malcolm Kirby Jr., who also composed the previous game's soundtrack.

 Release 
Saints Row IV was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 in North America on August 20, 2013, and worldwide on three days later. Preorders included a patriot-themed downloadable content pack that included flamethrower, dubstep, and rocket launcher weapons, a bald eagle jet, and an Uncle Sam outfit. A limited edition release of the game included a replica of the game's dubstep gun, a doomsday button, and Johnny Gat statuette. Another limited edition release, the Game of the Generation Edition, included the previous items as well as a display case for the game. The game was originally refused ratings classification and effectively banned in Australia but was later accepted when modified to remove the offending content. The country's PlayStation 4 release was later recalled due to a classification error.Saints Row IV was released in several summative editions. The Game of the Century edition included 20 downloadable content sets and was released May 9, 2014. The National Treasure Edition included 29 downloadable content sets and was released on July 8, 2014. High Voltage Software ported the game to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One with all of its downloadable content as Saints Row IV: Re-Elected. It was announced in late August 2014 alongside Saints Row: Gat out of Hell, a standalone Saints Row IV expansion developed by Volition in conjunction with High Voltage. Both were released in North America on January 20, 2015, and worldwide three days later, both separately and bundled together. The release included new features such as voice commands. A Linux port was presented in December 2015. Re-Elected was released for the Nintendo Switch on March 27, 2020.

 Downloadable content 

The game received multiple downloadable content (DLC) packs after release. A Season Pass, which features two exclusive mission packs, was announced ahead to the game's launch. The first DLC, GAT V, which adds Johnny Gat-inspired weapons and character customization options, was released for free on 17 September 2013, to coincide with the release of the rival open world game Grand Theft Auto V (GTA V). The first mission pack, Enter the Dominatrix, was released October 22, 2013. The pack was originally intended as a mission pack for Saints Row: The Third but evolved into the full sequel, Saints Row IV. The leftover content became the sequel's first mission pack. It tells an alternative story about the Zin invasion wherein the Steelport simulation is hijacked by a rogue artificial intelligence called the Dominatrix. The pack's storytelling frequently breaks the fourth wall and self-referentially acknowledges its own plot holes and incongruence with the larger Saints Row story. Some scenes end in concept art or videos of Volition employees acting out the drama so as to give the game an unfinished feel. The pack also casts characters from Saints Row: The Third who did not return in the sequel. There are five missions in total, new weapons, vehicles, and computer-controlled support characters ("homies"). The second and final mission pack, How the Saints Save Christmas, features new weapons and vehicles, and a three-mission storyline about the Saints rescuing Santa Claus from the Steelport simulation. It was released in December 2013. Non-mission downloadable content packs include new costumes, vehicles, and weapons (e.g., face masks of United States Presidents George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama).

 Re-Elected Edition 
On December 8, 2022, a free update to all existing Windows versions of the game on Steam and GOG brought it to a new "Re-Elected Edition" which includes all DLC released for the title; this was alongside a free giveaway offer for the game on the Epic Games Store. The Re-Elected Edition supports cross-play between the Steam, GOG and Epic editions of the game. Previous versions of Saints Row IV were subsequently removed from sale, but existing saves and achievements carried over into the new version.

 Reception 

The game received generally positive reviews on PC, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and Xbox 360 according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. On Xbox One and Nintendo Switch, it received mixed reviews. Reviewers praised its over-the-top humor and character customization options, and criticized its lack of challenge. Several also commented on its "even-handed treatment" of gender, particularly female characters, and spotlighted hacker and former FBI agent Kinzie Kensington's character performance. Saints Row IV sold over one million copies in its first week, and as of 2013, Volition has not released total sales figures.Polygon's Danielle Riendeau described Saints Row IV as "big, goofy, and self-referential fun" and thought that the game accomplished what it set out to be: "an outrageous exercise in player power fantasy". She also praised the game's degree of freedom around character identity, its "dumb and lovable" narrative, and its transitions between varied sequences. Riendeau wrote that Volition "trimmed the fat" from previous games, and that their addition of superpowers "blew the constraints off a genre already known for player freedom". She considered the story funny and "as obvious as can be", but found its characters "well-realized". Riendeau particularly praised the game's "treatment of gender"—bold female characters who could pursue same-sex relationships or even switch their gender mid-game, and were not treated differently for being female—but found the game's continued association between women and sex workers "problematic" and a "vestige from the series' roots as a juvenile crime drama".Reflecting on the series' progression, Eurogamer's Chris Schilling said that Saints Row IV successfully reinvented the series yet again, with superpowers replacing the usefulness of in-game vehicles. He compared the game's exploration mechanics to that of Crackdown, and its superpowers to the Infamous and Prototype series, and added that the game's silliness fulfilled a specific niche in gaming. Schilling wrote that the need to restock at ammo shops was a "jarring holdover" from the previous games, but appreciated the recurrence of elements such as the GPS navigation system, side mission gameplay, and city district liberation. He regarded the game overall as artful but "gloriously dumb", like "the Sistine Chapel ceiling of stupidity". Schilling also commented on how he felt an urge to simply forgo the story to search for collectibles, though despite these options, the game became "wearying" over long play sessions.Similarly, Dan Stapleton of IGN became bored when his superhero protagonist had little "to overcome", and ultimately likened the game to "enabling god-like cheat codes" in its predecessor. He wrote that it was very difficult to die, given the large amount of power-ups dropped by enemies, and that the otherwise praiseworthy features from Saints Row: The Third felt "vestigial" when outmoded by superpowers. Stapleton said the player received the powers too early, which let the player play without caring about the city, and thus removed the "sense of place and character it had in the previous game". He considered the game's large number of collectibles an acknowledgement of this hole, which while originally rewarding, quickly becomes a "chore". Stapleton praised the Red Faction-style Disintegrator and Abductor guns, though considered the dubstep gun an "ineffective disappointment". As a symbol, though, Polygon described the dubstep gun as "iconic" of Saints Row IV.

 Reboot 

In August 2019, a new Saints Row game was hinted to be "deep in development" by Volition. As of late 2020, it was still in development. In August 2021, the new game was confirmed to be a reboot to the franchise. Titled simply Saints Row, it was released for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, and Windows on August 23, 2022.

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 

 External links 

Official website Archived January 1, 2014, at the Wayback Machine

Adetokunbo Ogundeji
Adetokunbo Ogundeji (born October 9, 1998) is an American football linebacker for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Notre Dame.

 Early years 
Ogundeji grew up in West Bloomfield, Michigan. He did not play football until his freshman year at Walled Lake Central High School. He is of Nigerian descent. He originally committed to play at Western Michigan. As a junior, he had 68 tackles, nine sacks, 17 pass breakups and four fumble recoveries and ultimately de-committed from Western Michigan after being more heavily recruited. Ogundeji ultimately signed to play at Notre Dame. His senior season was cut short due to a knee injury.

 College career 
Ogundeji spent his freshman season on the scout team and did not appear in any games and played sparingly as a sophomore. He started to receive significant playing time in his junior season and finished the year with 25 total tackles, three tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks and two forced fumbles. As a senior, Ogundeji had 34 tackles, seven tackles for loss, 4.5 sacks, three forced fumbles and one fumble recovery after playing in all 13 of the Fighting Irish's games. Ogundeji opted to return for a fifth season after his senior year. He had seven sacks in his final season.

 College statistics 

 Professional career 
Ogundeji was selected by the Atlanta Falcons in the fifth round with the 182nd overall pick of the 2021 NFL Draft. He signed his four-year rookie contract with Atlanta on June 15, 2021.On August 15, 2023, Ogundeji was placed on injured reserve.

 NFL career statistics 

 References 

 External links 
Notre Dame Fighting Irish bio

Kelantan United F.C.
Kelantan United Football Club (Malay: Kelab Bola Sepak Kelantan Bersatu) is a Malaysian professional association football club based in Kota Bharu, Kelantan. The club currently plays in the Malaysia Super League.

 History 
Kelantan United Football Club is a professional football club founded in 2016. Previously knows as Majlis Perbandaran Kota Bharu-Bandar Raya Islam Urusetia Belia dan Sukan Negeri Kelantan Football Club (MPKB-BRI UBeS FC) and also as Majlis Perbandaran Kota Bharu-Bandar Raya Islam Football Club (MPKB-BRI FC) enter the Malaysian football competition in 2016 when the club was accepted to compete in 2016 Malaysia FAM League. The club finished the season at the eight place.
For the 2017 season, the club will compete in Malaysia FAM League and participated in 2017 Malaysia FA Cup. Starting from 2019 season, the club has been rebranded to Kelantan United Football Club as an effort to bring in support in the local area . In 2023, the club was promoted to the Malaysia Super League for the first time in their history. On 2 June 2023, Kelantan United recorded their first ever win in the top flight against city rivals, Kelantan winning 4–1.

 Crest and colours 

 Crest 
Kelantan United has utilised one primary crest since the club participation in the national level football league competition before the club introduce a new crest starting in 2017 season in order to solidify its new branding.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Colours 
Kelantan United have always worn black with mixture of red for shirts as their home kit. For 2017 season, the club play in red with a trim of white for home kit.Kelantan United's away colours are usually white with green trim. For 2017 season, the club play in white with a trim of red for away kit while the white with a green trim for the third kit.

 Ownership and finances 

 Sponsorship 

 Season by season record 

 Club top scorer 

 Players 

 First-team squad 
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Under-23s 

 Coaches 
Coaches by Years (2010–present)

 Coaching staff 

 Honours 

 Domestic competitions 

 League 
Malaysia M3 League
Champions (1): 2019

 References 

 External links 
Kelantan United F.C. on Facebook

John P. Greene
John Portineus Greene (September 3, 1793 – September 20, 1844) was an early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement.
Greene was born in Herkimer, New York. He was a Methodist minister at Mendon, New York.  He was friends with Heber C. Kimball and they claimed to witness "signs in the heavens" on September 22, 1827.  He later met Latter Day Saint missionary Samuel Harrison Smith, who sold Greene a copy of the Book of Mormon. Greene joined the Latter Day Saint church in April 1832, as did the family of his wife Rhoda, which included Brigham Young.Greene would serve a total of 11 missions for the church. In May 1834, Greene baptized three people while serving as a missionary in Villanova in Chautauqua County, New York.  He was the original president of the Eastern States Mission in May 1839.  He published a pamphlet about the 1838 expulsion of the members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from Missouri in 1839 entitled Facts Relative to the Expulsion of the Mormons or Latter-Day Saints from the State of Missouri, Under the Extermination Order. This was one of the first significant historical works published by a member of the Church.In 1844, Greene was the chief of police in Nauvoo, Illinois, who supervised the destruction of the press of the Nauvoo Expositor. When Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum submitted to incarceration in Carthage, Greene was part of a group of men that accompanied them to the Carthage Jail.After the Smiths were killed, Greene supported the succession claims of James Strang, but Greene died amid the succession crisis. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Strangite) alleges that Greene was "martyred by poison ... for disclosing that James Strang was appointed by Joseph Smith."

 Notes 

 References 
Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint Church History, pp. 445–46.

2023–24 PBA 3x3 season – Third conference
The third conference of the 2023–24 PBA 3x3 season started on December 11, 2023. It will consist of six two-day legs and a grand final.

 Teams 
The players listed have played in at least one of the legs.

 1st leg 

 Groupings 

 Preliminary round 

 Pool A 

 Pool B 

 Pool C 

 Knockout stage 
Meralco Bolts 3x3 defeated MCFASolver Tech Centrale in the finals, 15–13, to become the first leg winners.

 Bracket 

 Quarterfinals 

 Semifinals 

 Third place game 

 Finals 

 Final standings 
Source: PBA 3x3

 2nd leg 

 Groupings 

 Preliminary round 

 Pool A 

 Pool B 

 Pool C 

 Knockout stage 
MCFASolver Tech Centrale defeated San Miguel Beermen in the finals, 19–17, to become the second leg winners.

 Bracket 

 Quarterfinals 

 Semifinals 

 Third place game 

 Finals 

 Final standings 
Source: PBA 3x3

 3rd leg 

 Groupings 

 Preliminary round 

 Pool A 

 Pool B 

 Pool C 

 Knockout stage 
Meralco Bolts 3x3 defeated TNT Triple Giga in the finals, 19–18, to become the third leg winners.

 Bracket 

 Quarterfinals 

 Semifinals 

 Third place game 

 Finals 

 Final standings 
Source: PBA 3x3

 4th leg 

 Groupings 

 Preliminary round 

 Pool A 

 Pool B 

 Pool C 

 Knockout stage 
Meralco Bolts 3x3 defeated TNT Triple Giga in the finals, 21–13, to become the fourth leg winners.

 Bracket 

 Quarterfinals 

 Semifinals 

 Third place game 

 Finals 

 Final standings 
Source: PBA 3x3

 5th leg 

 Groupings 

 Preliminary round 

 Pool A 

 Pool B 

 Pool C 

 Knockout stage 
TNT Triple Giga defeated Meralco Bolts 3x3 in the finals, 21–18, to become the fifth leg winners.

 Bracket 

 Quarterfinals 

 Semifinals 

 Third place game 

 Finals 

 Final standings 
Source: PBA 3x3

 6th leg 

 Groupings 

 Preliminary round 

 Pool A 

 Pool B 

 Pool C 

 Knockout stage 

 Bracket 

 Quarterfinals 

 Semifinals 

 Third place game 

 Finals 

 Final standings 
Source: PBA 3x3

 Legs summary 
Source: PBA 3x3 Report

 See also 
2024 PBA 3x3 Women's Invitational

 References 

Grady Jarrett
Grady Jarrett (born April 28, 1993) is an American football defensive end for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Clemson.

 Early years 
Jarrett attended Rockdale County High School in Conyers, Georgia, where he was a two-time All-state selection. A four-year starter on both sides of the ball, he had 198 tackles, 63 tackles for a loss, and 27.5 sacks over his last two years. He was a three-time All-regional selection on defense and second-team All-region on offense as a senior, as well as a three-time selection as the team's top defensive player after compiling 101 tackles (31.5 for a loss) and nine sacks. He also played in the North-South All-Star game in Georgia and Florida Maxx Scout All-Star Bowl; in the two games combined, he had 17 tackles, seven tackles for loss, 3.5 sacks, and three caused fumbles.
In addition, Jarrett was also a member of the school's wrestling team; he was fourth in the state as a junior and won the state heavyweight title as a senior. Also a top performer in track & field, Jarrett won the state title in the shot put as a senior with a throw of 15.46 meters (50-6).Jarrett was rated by Rivals.com as a three-star recruit. He was rated the No. 41 defensive tackle in the nation by Scout.com. He committed to Clemson University to play college football.

 College career 
Jarrett attended Clemson from 2011 to 2014. As a true freshman, he appeared in nine games, making two tackles. As a sophomore, Jarrett started 11 of 13 games. He had 49 tackles and had two sacks. As a starter his junior season, he had 83 tackles and two sacks in 13 games. He again started all 13 games during his senior season, recording 73 tackles and 1.5 sacks and was named first-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference in recognition of his successful senior season.

 Professional career 

 2015 
Jarrett was drafted in the fifth round (137th overall) by the Atlanta Falcons in the 2015 NFL Draft. Atlanta traded two draft picks to the Minnesota Vikings to move up and take Jarrett, giving up their 146th and 187th picks.
Jarrett came to terms with the Falcons on May 9, 2015, signing a four-year $2.527 million contract. As a rookie in 2015, Jarrett played in 15 games, finishing the season with 24 tackles, four tackles for loss, two quarterback hits, and one sack. Jarrett recorded his first professional sack on December 12 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

 2016 
In 2016, Jarrett played all 16 games, starting 14. Jarrett finished the season with 48 tackles, 4 tackles for loss, nine quarterback hits, and three sacks.During Super Bowl LI against the New England Patriots, Jarrett sacked Tom Brady three times, which tied a record for most sacks in a single Super Bowl game. In addition, Jarrett had five total tackles in the 34–28 overtime loss.

 2017 
In 2017, Jarrett started all 16 games, recording a career-high 55 tackles, 15 tackles for loss, 13 quarterback hits, and four sacks.

 2018 
In Week 15 of the 2018 season, Jarrett recorded seven tackles, two sacks, and a forced fumble in a 40–14 win over the Arizona Cardinals, earning him NFC Defensive Player of the Week. Jarrett finished the 2018 season with then career-highs in both sacks and forced fumbles, with 6 and 3, respectively. Pro Football Focus ranked Jarrett 17th on the PFF Top 101, finishing the season with a 91.0 grade, tied for the best in the league for an interior defensive linemen.

 2019 
On March 4, 2019, the Falcons placed the franchise tag on Jarrett. Jarrett signed the franchise tag on April 22, 2019. On July 15, 2019, Jarrett signed a four-year contract extension worth $68 million with $42.5 million guaranteed, making him the third highest paid defensive tackle in the league. In Week 1 against the Minnesota Vikings, Jarrett recorded his first sack of the season on Kirk Cousins in the 28–12 loss. In Week 8 against the Seattle Seahawks, Jarrett recorded a team high 8 tackles and sacked Russell Wilson once in the 27–20 loss. In Week 9 against the New Orleans Saints, Jarrett had 2.5 sacks and five quarterback hits in the 26–9 upset win. In Week 16 against the Jacksonville Jaguars, Jarrett had one sack and three tackles in the 24–12 win. In Week 17 against the Buccaneers, Jarrett recorded one sack in the 28–22 overtime win. Jarrett finished the 2019 season with a career-high 7.5 sacks and 69 tackles, as well as 11 tackles for loss and 2 forced fumbles.
On December 17, 2019, Jarrett was invited to his first Pro Bowl. On January 3, 2020, Jarrett was named second-team All-Pro.
He was ranked 91st by his fellow players on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2020.

 2020 
In Week 1 against the Seahawks, Jarrett led the Falcons with 1.5 sacks on quarterback Russell Wilson during the 38–25 loss.On December 20, 2020, Jarrett was selected to his second Pro Bowl.

 2021 
In 2021, Jarrett started all 17 games for the Falcons, ending the season with 1 sack, and 59 tackles.

 2022 
On May 3, 2022, Jarrett and the Falcons agreed to a three-year contract extension worth up to $67 million with another $1.5 million in incentives.

 2023 
In the eighth game of the season, Jarrett suffered a torn ACL in a loss to the Tennessee Titans. After being ruled out for the season the following Monday, he finished his 2023 campaign with 23 tackles (two for loss), 1.5 sacks, and eight quarterback hits.

 NFL career statistics 

 Regular season 

 Postseason 

 Personal life 
His father, Jessie Tuggle, played in the NFL for the Atlanta Falcons from 1987 to 2000. His brother, Justin Tuggle, is a former member of the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He also has a close relationship with Ray Lewis who he refers to as "uncle," though they are not related biologically.Jarrett's home in Conyers, Georgia partially burned down during the second day of the 2015 NFL Draft. There were nearly 50 people, including friends and family members at the home at the time of the fire. No injuries were reported, and the cause of the fire was believed to be electrical. The Falcons drafted Jarrett the next day and immediately sent him team gear.

 References 

 External links 

Grady Jarrett on Twitter
Atlanta Falcons bio
Clemson Tigers bio

Satoshi Hashimoto
Satoshi Hashimoto (橋本 さとし, Hashimoto Satoshi, born April 26, 1966) is a Japanese actor and voice actor currently affiliated with the Cube. Inc voice actor agency. Hashimoto is noted for his roles as Terry Bogard and Kim Kaphwan in the Fatal Fury, Capcom vs. SNK and King of Fighters fighting game series (the former role of which he revoiced in The King of Fighters: Another Day anime; in addition to that, he has also had voiceover experience playing Fire Convoy (Optimus Prime) in the original Japanese version of Transformers: Robots in Disguise entitled "Car Robots").
Although not hugely active in the Japanese anime industry, Hashimoto is a prolific actor in various other entertainment fields. He has done many live-action movies, TV dramas and stage plays, and has made appearances in several television commercials.

 Filmography 

 Film 
Kindaichi shōnen no jimembo: Shanghai ningyo densetsu (1997) – Kōda
Whiteout (2000) – Shingo Tozuka
Tokyo Zombie (2005) – Dongaira
Gegege no Kitaro (2007) – Kuko
The Untold Tale of the Three Kingdoms (2020) – Guan Yu
Kamen Rider Saber: Trio of Deep Sin (2022) - Shinjiro Shinozaki/Kamen Rider Falchion (III)
Tokyo MER: Mobile Emergency Room: The Movie (2023) - Suguru Komaba

 Television 
Furuhata Ninzaburō (1999) – Ishimori
Yūkan Club (2007) – Kongō
The After-Dinner Mysteries (2011) – Kunio Tachibana
Taira no Kiyomori (2012) – Minamoto no Tametomo
Last Cinderella (2013) – Kenichi Endō
Natsuzora: Natsu's Sky (2019) – Kōsuke Arai
Zenkamono (2021)
Tokyo MER: Mobile Emergency Room (2021) – Suguru Komaba
What Will You Do, Ieyasu? (2023) – Yamagata Masakage
Ranman (2023) – Mori Arinori
Vivant (2023)

 Television animation 
Transformers: Car Robots (2000) – Fire Convoy
The King of Fighters: Another Day (2006) – Terry Bogard, episode 2 (Accede)

 Video games 
Fatal Fury 2 (1992) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Fatal Fury Special (1993) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters '94 (1994) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Fatal Fury 3: Road to the Final Victory (1995) – Terry Bogard
The King of Fighters '95 (1995) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Real Bout Fatal Fury (1995) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan,
The King of Fighters '96 (1996) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Real Bout Fatal Fury Special (1997) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters '97 (1997) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Real Bout Fatal Fury 2: The Newcomers (1998) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters '98 (1998) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters: Kyo (1998) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Fatal Fury: Wild Ambition (1999) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters '99 (1999) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Garou: Mark of the Wolves (1999) – Terry Bogard
The King of Fighters 2000 (2000) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Capcom vs. SNK: Millennium Fight 2000 (2000) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
Capcom vs. SNK 2: Millionaire Fighting 2001 (2001) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters 2001 (2001) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters 2002 (2002) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
SNK vs. Capcom: SVC Chaos (2003) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters 2003 (2003) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters Neowave (2004) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphawn
KOF: Maximum Impact (2004) – Terry Bogard
NeoGeo Battle Coliseum (2005) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters XI (2005) – Terry Bogard, Kim Kaphwan
KOF: Maximum Impact 2 (2006) – Terry Bogard, Wild Wolf, Kim Kaphwan
The King of Fighters XII (2009) – Terry Bogard
KOF Sky Stage (2010) – Terry Bogard
The King of Fighters XIII (2010) – Terry Bogard
Neo Geo Heroes: Ultimate Shooting (2010) – Terry Bogard
Tokyo MER: Mobile Emergency Room: The Movie (2023) - Suguru Komaba

 Stage 
The Rocky Horror Show (1995) – Eddie/Dr. Everett V. Scott
Witness for the Prosecution (1999) – Barrister, Yoichi Tachibana
Hamlet (2001) – Laertes
The Nutcracker (2001) – Drosselmeyer
The Mold Man Who Rings the Bell of Dublin (2002-2005)  – Warrior
Cinderella Story (2003-2005) – Court Minister Pierre
Miss Saigon (2004-2009) – The Engineer
The Beggar's Opera (2006-2008) – Mr. Peachum, Filch, Tom
Les Misérables (2007-2009) – Jean Valjean
Jane Eyre (2009-2011) – Edward Rochester
A Clockwork Orange (2011) – Dr. Brodsky, Conspirator Dolin, Brie
The Three Musketeers (2011) – Athos
Romeo & Juliet (2012) – Father Lawrence
A Tale of Two Cities (2013) – Defarge
Sherlock Holmes Anderson Family Secrets – Sherlock Holmes
The Addams Family (2014-2017) – Gomez Addams
Twelfth Night (2015) – Malvolio
Sherlock Holmes 2 ~Bloody Game~ (2015) – Sherlock Holmes
Vincent van Gogh (2016) – Vincent van Gogh
Murder Ballad (2016) – Michael
Something Rotten! (2018) – Nostradamus
Spirited Away (2022-2024) – Kamaji
Moulin Rouge! (2023-2024) – Harold Zidler
Come from Away (2024) – Claude Elliott and others

 Dubbing 

 Live-action 
Ally McBeal – Victor Morrison (Jon Bon Jovi)

 Animation 
Coco – Ernesto De La Cruz

 CD 

 Albums 
Neo Geo Guys Vocal Collection
SNK Character Sounds Collection Volume 4 ~ Terry Bogard
Neo Geo DJ Station Live '98
Neo Geo DJ Station in Neochupi
Neo Geo DJ Station 2 ~BOF Returns~
Neo Geo DJ Station Live '99
Neo Geo DJ Station in Gemodura Night
King Of Fighters '96 Drama CD
King Of Fighters '97 Drama CD
King Of Fighters '97 Drama CD
King Of Fighters '98 Drama CD
King Of Fighters '99 Drama CD
King Of Fighters '00 Drama CD

 References 

 External links 
Official agency profile Archived 2020-06-08 at the Wayback Machine (in Japanese)
Satoshi Hashimoto  at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
Satoshi Hashimoto at IMDb
Satoshi Hashimoto at MobyGames
Satoshi Hashimoto at Arcade-History

John Miller (police official)
John Miller (born 1958) is the former Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence & Counterterrorism of the NYPD. He was also known as the former Associate Deputy Director of National Intelligence for Analytic Transformation and Technology. Before that, he was an Assistant Director of Public Affairs for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), where he was the bureau's national spokesman. Miller is also a former ABC News reporter and anchorman, perhaps best known for conducting a May 1998 interview with Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan.Miller was named a senior correspondent for CBS News on October 17, 2011. In this capacity, Miller reported for all CBS News platforms and broadcasts, including CBS This Morning and occasionally 60 Minutes.

 Background and personal life 
Miller is the son of Lucinda and John J. Miller, a syndicated columnist and freelance writer whose range of roles included Hollywood gossip columnist, foreign correspondent, Broadway critic, crime investigator, and political pundit. "My dad wrote seven columns under six different names... Antonio from Rome. Pierre from Paris. Nigel from London", Miller said. His father was also a close friend of a boss of the Luciano crime family, Frank Costello, whose wife, Lauretta, was Miller's godmother.Raised in Montclair, New Jersey, Miller attended Montclair High School, where he developed his interest in news and reporting by taking photos for sale to newspapers and skipping school to go to press briefings.In 2002, Miller married Emily Altschul, daughter of Arthur Goodhart Altschul Sr.—a banker, a partner at Goldman Sachs Group, and a member of the Lehman family— and of Siri von Reis, a botanist. Miller's brother-in-law, Arthur Altschul, Jr., worked for Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley before becoming chairman of Medicis Pharmaceuticals Corporation. His sister-in-law is Serena Altschul, a former MTV video-jockey.

 Career 
Miller began work as a journalist in 1983 for WNEW, a television station in New York City. From 1985 to 1994, he worked as an investigative journalist for WNBC, another New York television station. Several times during his tenure at the station, he interviewed John Gotti.From 1994 to 1995, he served as the Deputy Commissioner of Public Information (chief spokesman) for the New York City Police Department, a move that some of his colleagues considered "going over to the dark side". He was hired at the request of then Commissioner William Bratton.Miller worked as an ABC News correspondent from 1995. Using an al-Qaeda agent in London as an intermediary, Miller asked Mohammed Atef for an interview with Osama bin Laden in May 1998. Miller was told to go to Islamabad, Pakistan, and was escorted over the Afghan–Pakistani border to meet bin Laden in a camp near Kandahar. He asked bin Laden questions that were translated into Arabic by an al-Qaeda translator; bin Laden's answers were not translated, so Miller was not immediately aware of what bin Laden was saying during the interview.During his tenure at ABC, Miller also covered the September 11, 2001 attacks, where he sat alongside Peter Jennings for the duration of the day listening in to radio conversations from the FBI, the fire department, and the police, informing Jennings and viewers of their content.In January 2002, Miller took the post of co-anchor with Barbara Walters of the ABC News program 20/20.
In January 2003, he left ABC News to rejoin Bratton, who by then was at the Los Angeles Police Department. Miller served as the police department's Bureau Chief for the Counter-Terrorism and Criminal Intelligence Bureau, which included the Major Crimes Division, and the Emergency Services Division and the Special Investigations Section (SIS). While there, Miller launched Project Archangel which included the Automated Critical Asset Management System (ACAMS), among other platforms, and which has been adopted by other cities and states for ongoing risk-assessment of potential terrorist targets. Miller was also one of the original designers of the Los Angeles Joint Regional Intelligence Center (JRIC), which combines intelligence and analysis for the LAPD, LA sheriff, and the FBI.
In September 2005, Miller became the Assistant Director for Public Affairs at the FBI in Washington, D.C. In this position, he was tasked with overseeing the FBI's internal and external communications, including relations with the news media and handling of fugitive publicity, community relations, and other communications support. Miller also established an Employee Communications Unit to build stronger internal communications to the bureau's 31,000 employees. Among his collateral duties was to serve on the Strategic Execution Team (SET) to establish performance measurement standards for intelligence operations across the FBI's 56 field offices. The system, adapted from the CompStat process used by major police departments, was overseen by then-FBI Director Robert Mueller.In 2011, Miller left his position at the FBI to work as a senior correspondent for CBS News. In 2013, he reported in the "Inside the NSA" episode of 60 Minutes which was criticized for justifying the organization's spying on American citizens.In December 2013, Miller announced that he would be resigning from CBS in order to take a position as the Deputy Commissioner for Intelligence & Counterterrorism with the NYPD. Miller rejoined William Bratton, who had earlier been announced as the new NYPD Commissioner by Mayor Bill de Blasio. At the end of July 2022, Miller retired from the NYPD.In September 2022, Miller was hired by CNN, becoming their chief law enforcement and intelligence analyst.

 Awards and honors 
Miller's journalistic awards include two Peabody Awards, a DuPont-Columbia Award, and nine Emmys.

 Memberships and affiliations 
He is a member of the International Association of Bomb Technicians and Investigators and the International Association of Chiefs of Police.Miller is an instructor at the FBI's National Executive Institute, as well as the Leadership in Counterterrorism (LinCT) course and has attended training in organizational change at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government as well as the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.

 See also 
List of television reporters

 References 

 External links 
Appearances on C-SPAN
John Miller on Charlie Rose

Katipunan (TV series)
Katipunan (transl. Assembly) is a 2013 historical Philippine television drama series broadcast by GMA Network. The series is based on the history of the Philippine society Katipunan. Directed by King Mark Baco, it stars Sid Lucero. It premiered on October 19, 2013. The series concluded on December 28, 2013 with a total of 10 episodes.
The series is streaming online on YouTube.

 Cast and characters 

Lead castSid Lucero as Andres BonifacioSupporting castGlaiza de Castro as Gregoria de Jesus
Roi Vinzon as Villalon
Benjamin Alves as Sebastian
Dominic Roco as Pacquing
Nico Antonio as Emilio AguinaldoGuest castJill Palencia as Juanita
Mercedes Cabral as Teresa Magbanua
Nasser as Jose Rizal
Christian Villete as Crispulo Aguinaldo
Gexter Abad as Baldomero Aguinaldo
RJ Agustin as Emilio Jacinto
Jerald Napoles as Macario Sakay
Earle Figuracion as Daniel Tirona
Raffy Atar as Troadio Bonifacio
Alchris Galura as Procopio Bonifacio
John Prinz Strachan as Deodato Arellano
Bernard Carritero as Deogratias Fojas
VJ Mendoza as Aurelio Tolentino
Jack Love Pacis as Mariano Álvarez
Allen Edzfar as Santiago Alvarez
Giovanni Baldesseri as Figueroa
Justin Candado II as Artemio Ricarte
Raul Morit as Nicolas de Jesus
Yuwin Cruz as Pío Valenzuela
John Relucio as Sancho Valenzuela
Lourdes Serrano as Trinidad Fojas
Celeste dela Cruz as Trinidad Rizal
Vic Romano as Tata Pinong
Angelita Loresco as Tandang Sora
Edgar Ebro as Raymundo Mata
Gio Emprese as Tagausig
Juan Rodrigo as older Sebastian

 Episodes 
A primer episode, Anak ng Bayan: The Katipunan Primer aired on October 12, 2013.

 Ratings 
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Katipunan earned a 13.7% rating. While the final episode scored a 13.4% rating.

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Katipunan at IMDb

Kara David
Kara Patria Constantino David-Cancio (Tagalog: [ˈkaɾa ˈdabid ˈkanʃo]; born September 12, 1973) is a Filipino journalist, host, professor, and educational administrator.
She is known because of investigative and multi-awarded documentaries in i-Witness. These documentaries are "Bitay, “Selda Inosente”, "Buto't Balat", and Ambulansiyang de Paa.She is the previous anchor of News to Go as well as a host and writer for i-Witness at GMA Network. She became the host of Powerhouse and is currently the host of  Brigada and Pinas Sarap. In addition, she is a professor at the University of the Philippines Diliman. She has a TikTok account  and YouTube channel  to share her knowledge in Journalism and other things.
She is the founder and president of Project Malasakit, a foundation that helps the people she has featured in her documentaries.David was the only woman named in 2007's Ten Outstanding Young Men (TOYM) award. In 2010, she was awarded the Outstanding Women in the Nation's Service (TOWNS award). David won the Peabody Award, the second Filipino to win this award.

 Biography 
Kara Patria Constantino David was born on September 12, 1973. She is the second child of professor emeritus Randy David of the University of the Philippines Diliman, and former Chairperson of the Civil Service Commission, the late Karina Constantino-David.She graduated cum laude from the University of the Philippines Diliman with the degree of Bachelor of Arts in Broadcast Communication. She then worked as a production assistant and researcher for GMA Network in 1995. She was promoted as writer/researcher for the program “Emergency” and hosted “Huling Hirit”, a regular two-minute segment in the daily news doing adventure-oriented and inspiring features.David also hosted several public affairs programs such as Case Unclosed, a documentary program that investigates unsolved cases and mysteries. She hosted OFW Diaries, a public service program that reaches out to Filipino overseas workers. She is the news anchor of News to Go, a former morning news program on GMA News TV.She hosted of the informative show Pinas Sarap.She replaced Jessica Soho as the host of Brigada on June 11, 2019.On June 30, 2022, it was announced that David will be heading the Department of Journalism of the University of the Philippines Diliman College of Mass Communication as its chairperson.

 Documentary films 
David has almost a hundred documentaries to her name. In “Bitay” she helped stop the execution of a convict on death row. For this, she was honored as Investigative Journalist of the Year by the Rotary Club of Manila. In the documentary “Selda Inosente”, David entered the world of children born and raised in prison. The film won her the UNICEF Child Rights Award, besting more than a hundred entries from all over the world.In Buto’t Balat, she explored the state of malnutrition in the country and the reality that extreme inequalities and the absence of concrete and cohesive nutrition and population policy have resulted in a state not far from what occurs in Africa. For this documentary, she was chosen as one of twenty finalists for the Japan Prize. She won a silver medal at the US International Film & Video Festival.Ambulansiyang de Paa is about the lack of access to health services of the Mangyan tribe, who live in Mindoro Oriental. David documented the plight of the Mangyans, who have to carry their sick in hammocks for eight hours just to get to the nearest hospital. This documentary won the Peabody Award. David is the second Filipino to win this recognition.In 2007, David was chosen as one of the Outstanding Young Men (TOYM) of the country and was honored as Broadcast Journalist of the Year. In 2011, she was chosen as one of the Ten Outstanding Women in the Nation's Service (TOWNS).

 Project Malasakit 
In 2002, David founded Project Malasakit – a non-stock non-profit foundation that sends poor Filipino children to school.It embarks on community outreach programs that give food, medicine, and school supplies to remote communities that do not have access to basic government service. Project Malasakit now has 25 scholars (most of them child laborers and victims of child abuse). It has helped more than 800 families through its quarterly outreach programs. David has also embarked on long-term projects for communities. 
Paraisong Uhaw, her documentary on waterless communities in Masbate, has led to the construction of 10 water wells in the municipality of Balud. David and her Project Malasakit team also constructed a sustainable solar power facility in a community of Mangyans in Mindoro Province

 Accolades 

 International awards 

 Local awards 

 References 

 External links 
Project Malasakit Archived December 17, 2014, at the Wayback Machine
Kara David profile, GMA News Online
Kara David blogsite

Matt Hennessy
Matthew Connor Hennessy (born November 17, 1997) is an American football center for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Temple.

 Early years 
Hennessy was born in Nyack, New York and grew up in Bardonia, New York. He attended Don Bosco Preparatory High School in Ramsey, New Jersey and was a starter at offensive tackle as a junior and senior for the Ironmen. A 3-star offensive tackle recruit according to Rivals.com, Hennessy committed to play college football at Temple over offers from Air Force, Army, Florida Atlantic, Old Dominion, and Yale, among others.

 College career 
Hennessy played in three games with one start at left guard as a true freshman before redshirting the rest of the season. He became the Owls' starting center going into his redshirt freshman year, starting all but one game that he missed due to injury. Hennessy was awarded a single-digit jersey (number three) as one of the nine toughest players on the team going into his redshirt sophomore year, which he wore in practice as offensive line are not eligible to wear single digit numbers in-game. He started eleven games, missing two due to injury. Hennessy started 12 games at center for the Owls as a redshirt junior and was named first-team All-American Athletic Conference, second-team All-America by USA Today and to the third-team by the Associated Press and was named a finalist for the Rimington Trophy. Following the end of the season, Hennessy announced that he would forgo his final season of NCAA eligibility to enter the 2020 NFL Draft. Having graduated in December of his redshirt junior year, Hennessy was invited to and played in the 2020 Senior Bowl.

 Professional career 
Hennessy was selected by the Atlanta Falcons in the third round of the 2020 NFL Draft with the 78th overall selection.After playing behind Alex Mack as a rookie, Hennessy was named the Falcons starting center in 2021 and started every game. He started Week 9 at left guard before suffering a knee injury. He was placed on injured reserve on November 8, 2022. He was activated on December 31 and the started the final two games of the season at left guard.In 2023, Hennessy suffered a knee injury in training camp and was placed on injured reserve on August 16, 2023.

 Personal life 
Hennessy's older brother, Thomas Hennessy, is the long snapper for the New York Jets. Matt and his brother grew up New York Giants fans.

 References 

 External links 

Temple Owls bio
Atlanta Falcons bio

Franmil Reyes
Franmil Federico Reyes (born July 7, 1995) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder and designated hitter for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). He has previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres, Cleveland Indians / Guardians, Chicago Cubs, and Kansas City Royals.

 Professional career 

 San Diego Padres (2011–2019) 

 Minor leagues (2011–2018) 
Reyes signed with the San Diego Padres as an international free agent in 2011. He made his professional debut in 2012 with the Dominican Summer League Padres and spent the whole season there, batting .267/.360/.416 with four home runs and 37 RBIs in 67 games. He played 2013 with the Arizona League Padres and Eugene Emeralds where he compiled a .292 batting average with four home runs and 34 RBIs in 57 games, 2014 with the Fort Wayne TinCaps where he posted a .248 batting average with 11 home runs and 59 RBIs in 128 games, and 2015 back with Fort Wayne where he slashed .255/.320/.393 with eight home runs and 62 RBIs in 123 games.
Reyes played 2016 with the Lake Elsinore Storm where he batted .278 with 16 home runs and 83 RBIs in 130 games, and 2017 with the San Antonio Missions where he compiled a .258 batting average with 25 home runs, 102 RBIs, and a .785 on-base plus slugging (OPS) in 135 games. He started 2018 with the El Paso Chihuahuas. After batting .346/.442/.738 with 14 home runs and 38 RBIs in 36 games for El Paso, he was promoted to the San Diego Padres on May 14.

 Major leagues (2018–2019) 
Reyes made his Major League debut on May 14, 2018, against the Colorado Rockies, getting the start in right field after outfielders Wil Myers and Hunter Renfroe had both been placed on the injured list.  Reyes hit his first MLB home run on May 21 at Nationals Park  Reyes was optioned back to Triple-A El Paso on May 31 when Myers returned to the Padres.  He returned to the team on July 10 and made regular starts in right field until he was optioned again on July 21 when Myers returned from a different injury. Reyes was recalled for a span of 10 games in July, but only saw 12 at-bats, serving mostly as a pinch hitter. He returned to the team in early August when Myers again went to the disabled list.  After this fourth promotion, Reyes improved his approach at the plate and raised his average from .221 to .280 through the end of the season while making regular starts in right field. On August 30, he hit a walk-off home run in the 13th inning against Colorado. Reyes finished the season with an .838 OPS and 16 home runs in 261 at-bats and 71 starts in right field.
Reyes had surgery in the off-season to repair a torn right knee meniscus.

 Cleveland Indians / Guardians (2019–2022) 
On July 31, 2019, the Padres traded Reyes to the Cleveland Indians in a three-team trade that also included the Cincinnati Reds. The Indians also acquired Logan Allen and minor leaguer Victor Nova from the Padres and Yasiel Puig and minor league pitcher Scott Moss from the Reds, while the Reds acquired Trevor Bauer from the Indians and the Padres acquired minor leaguer Taylor Trammell from the Reds.In 2019 in aggregate Reyes batted .249/.310/.512. He made contact with the lowest percentage of pitches he swung at (65.4%) of all major league batters. Overall with the 2020 Cleveland Indians, Reyes batted .275 with nine home runs and 34 RBIs in 59 games.In 2021, Reyes batted .254 with 30 home runs, and 85 RBIs across 115 games. Reyes missed late May, and the entire month of June, due to an oblique strain.The Guardians designated Reyes for assignment on August 6, 2022.

 Chicago Cubs (2022) 
On August 8, 2022, Reyes was claimed off waivers by the Chicago Cubs. On August 23, Reyes made an appearance as a pitcher against the St. Louis Cardinals, and recorded his first career pitching strikeout against Paul DeJong. Reyes appeared in 48 games for the Cubs down the stretch, slashing .234/.301/.389 with 5 home runs and 19 RBI. On November 10, Reyes was removed from the 40-man roster and sent outright to the Triple–A Iowa Cubs; he elected free agency the same day.

 Kansas City Royals (2023) 
On February 15, 2023, Reyes signed a minor league contract with the Kansas City Royals organization. On March 30, his contract was selected after making the Opening Day roster. He hit .186/.231/.288 with 2 home runs and 7 RBI in 19 games for Kansas City before he was optioned to the Triple-A Omaha Storm Chasers. On May 8, Reyes was designated for assignment following the acquisition of James McArthur. He elected free agency on May 11.

 Washington Nationals (2023) 
On May 18, 2023, Reyes signed a minor league contract with the Washington Nationals organization. In 34 games for the Triple–A Rochester Red Wings, he hit .219/.322/.383 with 5 home runs and 19 RBI. After spending time on the injured list with an undisclosed injury, Reyes was activated on August 11 and released by the Nationals.

 Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters 
On January 8, 2024, Reyes signed a one-year contract with the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters of Nippon Professional Baseball.

 References 

 External links 

Career statistics and player information from MLB, or ESPN, or Baseball Reference, or Fangraphs, or Baseball Reference (Minors), or Retrosheet
Salmos 27:3 on Instagram

List of central government agencies in Indonesia
This is a list of central government agencies in Indonesia.

 State institutions 
According to the current Constitution, state institutions (Indonesian: Lembaga Negara) of Indonesia are as follow:

 Central government institutions 

 Ministries 

The current Cabinet, formed on 23 October 2019, comprises the following 34 ministries:

 Coordinating Ministries 
Coordinating ministries are tasked mainly to coordinate the various government ministries and other government institutions.

Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs
Coordinating Ministry for Human Development and Cultural Affairs
Coordinating Ministry for Maritime and Investments Affairs
Coordinating Ministry for Political, Legal, and Security Affairs

 Ministries 
Ministry of Agrarian Affairs and Spatial Planning/National Land Agency
Ministry of Agriculture
Ministry of Communication and Information Technology
Ministry of Cooperatives and Small and Medium Enterprises
Ministry of Defense
Ministry of Education, Culture, Research and Technology
Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources
Ministry of Environment and Forestry
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Home Affairs
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Investment/Investment Coordinating Board
Ministry of Law and Human Rights
Ministry of Manpower
Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries
Ministry of National Development Planning/National Development Planning Agency
Ministry of Public Works and Housing
Ministry of Religious Affairs
Ministry of Social Affairs
Ministry of State Apparatus Utilization and Bureaucratic Reform
Ministry of State-Owned Enterprises
Ministry of State Secretariat
Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy/Tourism and Creative Economy Agency
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transportation
Ministry of Villages, Development of Disadvantaged Regions and Transmigration
Ministry of Women Empowerment and Child Protection
Ministry of Youth and Sports Affairs

 Non-ministerial government institutions 
The following outlines non-ministerial government institutions:

 Law and security 
Maritime Security Agency
National Armed Forces
National Counter Terrorism Agency
National Cyber and Crypto Agency
National Food Agency
National Disaster Management Authority
National Narcotics Board
National Police
National Resilience Institute
National Search and Rescue Agency
Public Prosecution Service (Kejagung)
State Intelligence Agency (BIN)
Indonesian Quarantine Agency (Barantin)

 Finance 
Bank Indonesia (BI)
Government Goods and Services Procurement Policy Institute
Finance and Development Supervisory Agency

 Population 
Central Agency on Statistics (BPS)
National Agency for Protection of Indonesian Migrant Workers
National Population and Family Planning Board (BKKBN)

 Science and culture 
Geospatial Information Agency (BIG)
Meteorology, Climatology, and Geophysical Agency (BMKG)
National Agency of Drug and Food Control (BPOM)
National Archives of Indonesia (ANRI)
National Library of Indonesia (Perpusnas)
National Research and Innovation Agency (BRIN)
National Standardization Agency (BSN)
Nuclear Energy Regulatory Agency (Bapeten)

 Bureaucracy 
Cabinet Secretariat
National Administration Institute
National Civil Service Agency

 Public broadcasting 
Radio of the Republic of Indonesia (RRI)
Television of the Republic of Indonesia (TVRI)

 Non-structural government institutions 
The following lists unstructured institutions:
Acceleration of Housing Enforcement (BP3)
Acceleration of Infrastructure Provision Policy Committee (KPPIP)
Anti Dumping Committee (KADI)
Attorney Commission (Komjak)
Broadcasting Commission (KPI)
Business Competition Supervisory Commission (KPPU)
Central Information Commission (KIP)
Child Protection Commission (KPAI)
Civil Service Advisory Agency (BAPEK)
Commission for Assessment of Analysis of Environmental Impacts (KPA)
Commission on Biological Safety of Genetically Engineered Products (KKH PRG)
Company Privatization Committee
Cooperative Council
Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK)
Council of Engineers (DII)
Council of Health Workers (KTKI)
Counterfeited Rupiah Eradication Coordinating Board (Botasupal)
Defense Industry Policy Committee (KKIP)
Deposit Insurance Agency (LPS)
Executive Office of the President (KSP)
Film Agency (BPI)
Film Censorship Institution (LSF)
Financing Policy Committee for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
Financial Services Authority (OJK)
Financial Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (PPATK)
General Elections Commission (KPU)
General Elections Organiser Ethics Council (DKPP)
General Elections Supervisory Agency (Bawaslu)
Government Accounting Standards Committee (KSAP)
Hajj Financial Management Agency (BPKH)
Health Workers Disciplinary Board (MDTK)
Hospital Oversight Agency (BPRS)
Indonesian Academy of Sciences (AIPI)
Institute for the Prevention and Eradication of Forest Damage (LP3H)
Istiqlal Mosque Management Executive Board (BPMI)
Lake Toba Authority Agency (BPODT)
Medical Counci (KKI)
National Accreditation Committee (KAN)
National Amil Zakat Agency (BAZNAS)
National Aviation Security Committee
National Border Management Agency (BNPP)
National Commission on Violence against Women (Komnas Perempuan)
National Commission on Human Rights (Komnas HAM)
National Committee on Sharia Economics and Finance (KNEKS)
National Consumer Protection Agency (BPKN)
National Council for Special Economic Zones
National Defense Council (Wantannas)
National Disability Commission (KND)
National Energy Council (DEN)
National Film Advisory Agency (BP2N)
National Health Advisory Agency
National Industry Committee (KINAS)
National Information and Communication Technology Council (Wantiknas)
National Police Commission (Kompolnas)
National Productivity Institute (LPN)
National Professional Certification Board (BNSP)
National Social Security Board (DJSN)
National Sports Committee of Indonesia (KONI)
National Team for the Acceleration of Poverty Reduction (TNP2K)
National Transportation Safety Committee (KNKT)
National Wages Council (Depenas)
National Water Resources Council (DSDAN)
Nuclear Energy Advisory Council (MPTN)
Nusantara Capital City Authority (Otorita IKN)
Oil and Gas Downstream Regulatory Agency (BPH Migas)
Ombudsman of the Republic of Indonesia (ORI)
Pancasila Ideology Development Agency (BPIP)
Patent Appeal Commission
Peace Maintenance Mission Coordination Team (TKMPP)
Peat and Mangrove Restoration Agency (BRGM)
Presidential Advisory Council (Wantimpres)
Press Council
Public Accountants Professional Committee (KPAP)
Public Housing Savings Committee
Public Housing Savings Management Agency (BP Tapera)
Regional Autonomy Advisory Council (DPOD)
Regional Border Management Agency (BPPD)
Social Security Administrator (BPJS)
Special Task Force for Upstream Oil and Gas Business Activities (SKK Migas)
State Civil Service Commission (KASN)
State Civil Service Advisory Board (BP ASN)
Titles, Decorations and Honours Council
Tourism Promotion Board (BPPI)
Trade Security Committee (KPPI)
Trademark Appeal Commission
Tripartite Cooperation Institute (LKS Tripartit)
Waqf Agency (BWI)
Witness and Victim Protection Agency (LPSK)

 Ministry tiers 

 Tier 1 Ministries 
Tier 1 Ministries are ministries whose nomenclature, roles and responsibilities are clearly mentioned and unchangeable in the Constitution. Each ministry under this group comprises a Secretariat General, an Inspectorate General, not more than five Experts and a number of Directorates General. Each Minister under this group of ministries is assisted by not more than five Special Officers at the same time.
Ministry of Defense
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Home Affairs

 Tier 2 Ministries 
Tier 2 Ministries are ministries whose nomenclature, roles and responsibilities are mentioned in the Constitution but can be changed through establishment of a new Cabinet or reshuffling of the present one. Each ministry under this group comprises a Secretariat General, an Inspectorate General, not more than five Experts and a number of Directorates General. Each Minister under this group of ministries is assisted by not more than five Special Officers at the same time.
Ministry of Agrarian Affairs and Spatial Planning / National Land Agency
Ministry of Agriculture
Ministry of Communication and Information Technology
Ministry of Education, Culture, Research and Technology
Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources
Ministry of Environment and Forestry
Ministry of Finance
Ministry of Health
Ministry of Industry
Ministry of Law and Human Rights
Ministry of Manpower
Ministry of Marine Affairs and Fisheries
Ministry of Public Works and Housing
Ministry of Religious Affairs
Ministry of Social Affairs
Ministry of Trade
Ministry of Transportation
Ministry of Villages, Development of Disadvantaged Regions and Transmigration

 Tier 3 Ministries 
Tier 3 Ministries are ministries whose nomenclature, roles and responsibilities are not mentioned in the Constitution but specifically tasked with sharpening, coordinating and synchronizing government program. Each ministry under this group comprises a Secretariat, an Inspectorate, not more than five Experts and a number of Deputies. Each Minister is assisted by not more than five Special Officers at the same time. Note that Deputy is both a person and a department subordinate to the Minister.

Ministry of Cooperatives and Small and Medium Enterprises
Ministry of Investment / Investment Coordinating Board
Ministry of National Development Planning / National Development Planning Agency
Ministry of State Apparatus Utilization and Bureaucratic Reform
Ministry of State-Owned Enterprises
Ministry of State Secretariat
Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy / Tourism and Creative Economy Agency
Ministry of Women Empowerment and Child Protection
Ministry of Youth and Sports Affairs

 Cabinet-level agencies 
Cabinet-level agencies are state and government institutions formed by the Constitutions and its subordinating laws whose roles and responsibilities are to support all government priorities and strategies set by the President. Each agency is headed by a ministerial-rank official who is not a member of the Cabinet but attends Cabinet meetings regularly. Cabinet-level agencies are:

Cabinet Secretariat, represented in the cabinet by the Cabinet Secretary
Public Prosecution Service, represented in the cabinet by the Attorney General
Executive Office of the President, represented in the cabinet by the Presidential Chief of Staff
National Armed Forces, represented in the cabinet by the Commander of the National Armed Forces
National Police, represented in the cabinet by the Chief of the National Police
National Research and Innovation Agency, represented in the cabinet by the Chairman of the National Research and Innovation Agency
Nusantara Capital City Authority, represented in the cabinet by the Head of the Nusantara Capital City Authority
State Intelligence Agency, represented in the cabinet by the Chief of the State Intelligence Agency

 References 

Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council (JCPC) is the highest court of appeal for the Crown Dependencies, the British Overseas Territories, some Commonwealth countries and a few institutions in the United Kingdom. Established on 14 August 1833 to hear appeals formerly heard by the King-in-Council, the Privy Council formerly acted as the court of last resort for the entire British Empire, other than for the United Kingdom itself.Formally a statutory committee of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, the Judicial Committee consists of senior judges who are Privy Councillors; they are predominantly justices of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom and senior judges from the Commonwealth of Nations. Although it is often simply referred to as the "Privy Council", the Judicial Committee is only one constituent part of the Council. In Commonwealth realms, appeals are nominally made to "His Majesty in Council" (i.e. the British monarch as formally advised by his privy counsellors), who then refers the case to the Judicial Committee for "advice", while in republics in the Commonwealth of Nations retaining the JCPC as their final court of appeal, appeals are made directly to the Judicial Committee itself. The panel of judges (typically five in number) hearing a particular case is known as "the Board". The report of the Board is, by convention, always accepted by the King-in-Council as judgment.

 History 
The origins of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council can be traced back to the curia regis, or royal council. In theory, the King was the fount of justice, and petitions for redress of wrongs arising from his courts were addressed to him. That power was gradually taken over by Parliament (which evolved out of the curia regis) within England, but the King-in-Council (which also evolved out of the curia regis) retained jurisdiction to hear petitions from the King's non-English possessions, such as the Channel Islands and, later on, from England's colonies.The task of hearing appeals was given to a series of short-lived committees of the Privy Council. In 1679, appellate jurisdiction was given to the Board of Trade, before being transferred to a standing Appeals Committee of the Privy Council in 1696. By the early nineteenth century, the growth of the British Empire, which had greatly expanded the appellate jurisdiction of the Privy Council (despite the loss of appeals from the American colonies), had put great strains on the existing arrangements. In particular, the Appeals Committee had to hear cases arising from a variety of different legal systems in the colonies, such as Hindu law, with which its members were unfamiliar. Another serious problem was that the Appeals Committee was technically a committee of the whole of the entire Privy Council, of which a minimum of three were required for a quorum.  Since many members of the Privy Council were not lawyers, all members of the Appeals Committee had equal votes, and there was no requirement that any of the Privy Counsellors actually hearing a particular appeal had to be a lawyer, it became possible for certain parties to appeal to secure desired judgments by persuading nonlawyer Privy Counsellors to attend the hearings on their appeals. For these reasons, the Appeals Committee fell into disrepute among better-informed lawyers and judges in the colonies.In 1833, at the instigation of Lord Brougham, the Lord Chancellor, Parliament passed the Judicial Committee Act 1833. The Act established a statutory committee of the Privy Council, known as The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, to hear appeals to the King-in-Council. In addition to colonial appeals, later legislation gave the Judicial Committee appellate jurisdiction over a range of miscellaneous matters, such as patents, ecclesiastical matters, and prize suits. At its height, the Judicial Committee was said to be the court of final appeal for over a quarter of the world.
In the twentieth century, the jurisdiction of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council shrank considerably, as British dominions established their own courts of final appeal and as British colonies became independent, although many retained appeals to the Privy Council post-independence. Canada abolished Privy Council appeals in 1949, India and South Africa in 1950, and New Zealand in 2003. Currently, eleven Commonwealth countries outside of the United Kingdom retain Privy Council appeals, in addition to various British and New Zealand territories. The Judicial Committee also retains jurisdiction over a small number of domestic matters in the United Kingdom, reduced by the creation of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in 2009.

 Jurisdiction 

 Domestic jurisdiction 
The United Kingdom does not have a single highest national court; the Judicial Committee is the highest court of appeal in some cases, while in most others the highest court of appeal is the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom. (In Scotland the highest court in criminal cases is the High Court of Justiciary; the Supreme Court is the highest court in civil cases and matters arising from Scottish devolution, the latter previously having been dealt with by the Judicial Committee.)
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council has jurisdiction in the following domestic matters:

Appeals against schemes of the Church Commissioners (who control the estate of the Church of England).
Appeals from the ecclesiastical courts (the Arches Court of Canterbury and the Chancery Court of York) in non-doctrinal faculty cases.
Appeals from the High Court of Chivalry.
Appeals from the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports.
Appeals from prize courts.
Appeals from the Disciplinary Committee of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons.
Disputes under the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975.Additionally, the government may (through the King) refer any issue to the committee for "consideration and report" under section 4 of the Judicial Committee Act 1833.
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council is the court of final appeal for the Church of England. It hears appeals from the Arches Court of Canterbury and the Chancery Court of York, except on matters of doctrine, ritual or ceremony, which go to the Court of Ecclesiastical Causes Reserved. By the Church Discipline Act 1840 and the Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876 all archbishops and bishops of the Church of England became eligible to be members of the Judicial Committee.
Prior to the coming into force of the Constitutional Reform Act 2005, the Privy Council was the court of last resort for devolution issues. On 1 October 2009 this jurisdiction was transferred to the new Supreme Court of the United Kingdom.

 Authority of Privy Council decisions in domestic British courts 
Judgments of the Judicial Committee are not generally binding on courts within the United Kingdom, having only persuasive authority, but are binding on all courts within any other Commonwealth country which still allows for appeals to the Judicial Committee. Where a binding precedent of the UK Supreme Court, or of the House of Lords, or of the Court of Appeal conflicts with that of a decision of the Judicial Committee on English law, English courts are required to follow the domestic decision over that of the Judicial Committee except when the Judicial Committee has in its decision expressly directed the domestic court to follow its new decision. However, given the overlap between the membership of the Judicial Committee and of the Supreme Court, the decisions of the former are extremely persuasive and usually followed.

 Overseas jurisdiction 
The Judicial Committee holds jurisdiction in appeals from the following 32 jurisdictions (including eleven independent nations):

 Jurisdiction removed 
Judicial appeal of final resort has been assumed by other bodies in some current and former Commonwealth countries:

The following countries or territories did not retain the jurisdiction of the Judicial Committee at the time of independence or of the transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom: Burma (1948), Israel (1948), Somaliland (1960), Cyprus (1960), Zanzibar (1963), Zambia (1964), Rhodesia (1965), South Yemen (1967), Swaziland (1968), Papua New Guinea (1975), Seychelles (1976), Solomon Islands (1978), Vanuatu (1980), Hong Kong (1997).

 Composition 

 Members 
The following are members of the Judicial Committee:

Justices of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom (before the establishment of that court in 2009, the Lords of Appeal in Ordinary)
Other Lords of Appeal (senior judges) from within the United Kingdom
Privy Counsellors who are (or have been) judges of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales, the Inner House of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland
Judges of certain superior courts in Commonwealth nations, who are appointed Privy Counsellors for the purpose of sitting in the JCPCThe bulk of the Committee's work is done by the Supreme Court Justices, who are paid to work full-time in both the Supreme Court and the Privy Council. Overseas judges may not sit when certain UK domestic matters are being heard, but will often sit when appeals from their own countries are being heard.

 Registrars 

Until 1904 the Registrar of the Admiralty court was also Registrar to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in ecclesiastical and maritime causes.

 Procedure 
Most appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council are formally appeals to "His Majesty in Council". Appeals from Brunei are formally to the Sultan and Yang di-Pertuan, while appeals from republics within the Commonwealth are directly to the Judicial Committee. Appeals are generally by leave of the local Court of Appeal, although the Judicial Committee retains discretionary power to grant leave to appeal as well.
After hearing an appeal, the panel of judges which heard the case (known as "the Board") issues its decision in writing. For appeals to His Majesty in Council, the Board submits its decision to the King as advice for his consideration. By convention, the advice is always accepted by the King and given effect via an Order in Council.
Historically, the Judicial Committee could only give a unanimous report, but since the Judicial Committee (Dissenting Opinions) Order 1966, dissenting opinions have been allowed.
The Judicial Committee is not bound by its own previous decisions, but may depart from them in exceptional circumstances if following its previous decisions would be unjust or contrary to public policy.

 Location 
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council is based in London. From its establishment to 2009, it mainly met in the Privy Council Chamber in Downing Street, although increase in the Judicial Committee's business in the twentieth century required it to sit simultaneously in several panels, which met elsewhere. The Chamber, designed by John Soane, was often criticised for its interior design, and was extensively remodelled in 1845 by Sir Charles Barry. On 1 October 2009, the Judicial Committee moved to the former Middlesex Guildhall building, which had been refurbished in 2007 to provide a home for both the JCPC and the newly created Supreme Court of the United Kingdom. In this renovated building, Court 3 is used for Privy Council sittings.
In recent years, the Judicial Committee has occasionally sat outside of London. Between 2005 and 2010 it sat twice in Mauritius and three times in the Bahamas.

 Decline in Commonwealth appeals 
Initially, all Commonwealth realms and their territories maintained a right of appeal to the Privy Council. Many of those Commonwealth countries that became republics, or which had indigenous monarchies, preserved the Judicial Committee's jurisdiction by agreement with the United Kingdom. However, retention of a right of appeal to a court located overseas, made up mostly of British judges who may be out of tune with local values, has often come to be seen as incompatible with notions of an independent nation's sovereign status, and so a number of Commonwealth members have ended the right of appeal from their jurisdiction. The Balfour Declaration of 1926, while not considered to be lex scripta, severely limited the conditions under which the Judicial Committee might hear cases:
From these discussions it was clear that it was no part of the policy of His Majesty's Government in Great Britain that questions affecting judicial appeals should be determined otherwise than in accordance with the wishes of the part of the Empire primarily affected ...

 Australia 
In 1901, the Constitution of Australia limited appeals from the new federal High Court of Australia to the Privy Council, by prohibiting appeals on constitutional matters unless leave is granted by the High Court on inter se questions. Appeals on non-constitutional matters were not prohibited, but the federal Parliament of Australia had the power to legislate to limit them. The right of appeal from federal courts (including territory supreme courts) was abolished through the Privy Council (Limitation of Appeals) Act 1968. Appeals from state courts, a continuation of the right to appeal decisions of colonial courts before 1901, continued, until they were also abolished by the Australia Act 1986, which was enacted by both the UK and Australian parliaments, on the request of all the state governments. The Australian Constitution retains the provision allowing the High Court of Australia to permit appeals to the Privy Council on inter se questions. However, the High Court has stated that it will not give such permission, that the jurisdiction to do so "has long since been spent", and that it is obsolete.

 Canada 

Canada created its own Supreme Court in 1875 and abolished appeals to the Privy Council in criminal cases in 1933. Despite this, some decisions by the Supreme Court of Canada went on to appeal in the JCPC, including notably the Persons Case (Edwards v Canada (AG)), which affirmed that women had always been "qualified persons" under the British North America Act, 1867 (Canada's Constitution) eligible to sit in the Senate of Canada. In this case, it also used a metaphor in the obiter dicta, later reinterpreted and employed by the Supreme Court of Canada in the 1980s to establish what came to be known as the "living tree doctrine" in Canadian Constitutional law, which says that a constitution is organic and must be read in a broad and liberal manner so as to adapt it to changing times.
In 1949, all appeals to the Privy Council were abolished, but prior to this, there were several factors that served to limit the effectiveness of measures to reduce appeals:

Appeals of rulings from the various provincial courts of appeal could still be made directly to the Privy Council, without first going to the Supreme Court of Canada.
In Cushing v. Dupuy (1885), the Privy Council held that the ability to grant special leave to appeal to the Privy Council was unaffected, as the prerogative of the Crown cannot be taken away except by express words.
In Nadan v The King (1926), the Privy Council ruled that the provision of the Criminal Code barring appeals to the Privy Council was ultra vires of the Parliament of Canada as it was contrary to s. 2 of the Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865.Nadan, together with the King–Byng Affair, was a major irritant for Canada and provoked the discussion at the 1926 Imperial Conference which led to the Balfour Declaration, which declared the United Kingdom and the dominions to be

... autonomous Communities within the British Empire, equal in status, in no way subordinate one to another in any aspect of their domestic or external affairs, though united by a common allegiance to the Crown, and freely associated as members of the British Commonwealth of Nations.
With that Declaration and its statutory confirmation in the Statute of Westminster 1931 (Imp, 22–23 Geo 5, c.4) the impediment to abolishing appeals to the Privy Council, whether or not it had been legitimate, was comprehensively removed. Criminal appeals to the Privy Council were ended in 1933. Moves to extend the abolition to civil matters were shelved during the growing international crisis of the 1930s but re-tabled after the Second World War, and civil appeals ended in 1949, with an amendment of the Supreme Court Act. Cases begun before 1949 were still allowed to appeal after 1949, and the final case to make it to the Council was not until 1959 with the case of Ponoka-Calmar Oils v Wakefield.The JCPC played a controversial role in the evolution of Canadian federalism in that, whereas some Fathers of Confederation in negotiating the union of the British North American colonies against the backdrop of the American Civil War wished to ensure a strong central government vis-à-vis relatively weak provinces, appeals to the JCPC in constitutional matters progressively shifted the balance in favour of the provinces. While a few commentators have suggested that Canadian First Nations retain the right to appeal to the Privy Council because their treaties predate their relationship to Canada, the JCPC has not entertained any such appeal since 1867 and the dominant view is that no such appeal right exists.

 Caribbean Community 
The nations of the Caribbean Community voted in 2001 to abolish the right of appeal to the Privy Council in favour of a Caribbean Court of Justice (CCJ). Some debate between member countries and also the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council had repeatedly delayed the court's date of inauguration. As of 2005, Barbados replaced the process of appeals to Her Majesty in Council with the CCJ, which had then come into operation. The Co-operative Republic of Guyana also enacted local legislation allowing the CCJ to have jurisdiction over their sovereign final court of appeals system. Belize acceded to the Appellate Jurisdiction of the CCJ on 1 June 2010. As it stands, a few other CARICOM states appear to be ready for the abolition of appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in the immediate future. The government of Jamaica in particular had come close and attempted to abolish appeals to the Judicial Committee without the support of the opposition in Parliament; however, it was ruled by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council that the procedure used in Jamaica to bypass the opposition was incorrect and unconstitutional. Another attempt will also be forthcoming.Caribbean governments have been coming under increased pressure from their electorates to devise ways to override previous rulings by the JCPC such as Pratt v A-G (Jamaica, 1993), R v Hughes (Saint Lucia, 2002), Fox v R (Saint Kitts and Nevis, 2002), Reyes v R (2002, Belize), Boyce v R (Barbados, 2004), and Matthew v S (Trinidad and Tobago, 2004), all of which are Privy Council judgments concerning the death penalty in the Caribbean region.The then President of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom, Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers, has voiced displeasure with Caribbean and other Commonwealth countries continuing to rely on the British JCPC. During an interview Lord Phillips was quoted by the Financial Times as saying that "'in an ideal world' Commonwealth countries—including those in the Caribbean—would stop using the Privy Council and set up their own final courts of appeal instead".On 18 December 2006, the Judicial Committee made history when for the first time in more than 170 years it ventured outside London, holding a five-day sitting in the Bahamas. Lords Bingham, Brown, Carswell, and Scott, and Baroness Hale of Richmond, travelled to the Bahamas for the special sitting at the invitation of Dame Joan Sawyer, then the President of the Court of Appeal of the Bahamas; the Committee returned to the Bahamas in December 2007 for a second sitting. On the latter occasion, Lords Hope, Rodger, Walker, and Mance, and Sir Christopher Rose, heard several cases. At the end of the sitting, Lord Hope indicated that there may be future sittings of the Committee in the Bahamas, and the Committee has indeed sat in the Bahamas again, in 2009.The 2018 Antiguan constitutional referendum saw the proposal to replace the JCPC with the CCJ rejected by a 52.04% majority.
On 28 February 2023, the parliament of Saint Lucia approved the Constitution of St Lucia Amendment Bill 2023, which would replace the JCPC with the CCJ. An injunction against Saint Lucia's accession to the CCJ was filed on 3 March 2023 against the bill in Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court in the High Court of Justice of Saint Lucia, and is currently pending.  

 Sri Lanka (Ceylon) 
Sri Lanka, formerly Ceylon, abolished appeals to the Privy Council under the Court of Appeal Act, 1971, which came into effect on 15 November 1971. Previously, the Privy Council had ruled in Ibralebbe v The Queen that it remained the highest court of appeal in Ceylon notwithstanding the country's independence as a dominion in 1948.

 The Gambia 
The Gambia retained the right of appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council under the Gambia Independence Act 1964, even after The Gambia became a republic in the Commonwealth of Nations in April 1970 under Sir Dawda Jawara. Appeals were still taken to the JCPC from 1994 to 1998, when Yahya Jammeh, the then dictator and President of the Gambia decided to restructure the Gambian judiciary under the 1997 Constitution of the Gambia to replace the JCPC with the Supreme Court of the Gambia.
The last case from The Gambia to the JCPC was West Coast Air Limited v. Gambia Civil Aviation Authority and Others UKPC 39 (15 September 1998).

 Grenada 
Grenadian appeals to the Privy Council were temporarily abolished from 1979 until 1991, as a result of the Grenadian Revolution, which brought Prime Minister Maurice Bishop to power. People's Law 84 was enacted to this effect. In 1985, Mitchell v DPP affirmed Grenada's right to unilaterally abolish appeals to the Privy Council. In 1991, Grenada restored the JCPC's jurisdiction.
In 2016, there was a proposal in the 2016 Grenadian constitutional referendum to terminate appeals from Grenada to the JCPC and to replace the JCPC with the Caribbean Court of Justice. This was rejected by a 56.73% majority, which means the JCPC remains Grenada's highest court.
Another referendum, the 2018 Grenadian constitutional referendum also rejected terminating appeals to the JCPC by a 55.2% majority.

 Guyana 
Guyana retained the right of appeal to the Privy Council until the government of Prime Minister Forbes Burnham passed the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council (Termination of Appeals) Act 1970 and the Constitution (Amendment) Act 1973.

 Hong Kong 
Hong Kong's court system changed following the transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom to China on 1 July 1997, with the Court of Final Appeal serving as the highest judicial authority of the Special Administrative Region (SAR), and (pursuant to Article 158 of the Basic Law, the constitutional instrument of the SAR) the power of final interpretation vested not in the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong but in the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of China.
Decisions of the Privy Council on Hong Kong appeals before 1 July 1997 remain binding on the courts of Hong Kong. This accords with the principle of continuity of the legal system enshrined in Article 8 of the Basic Law. Decisions of the Privy Council on non-Hong Kong appeals are of persuasive authority only. Such decisions were not binding on the courts in Hong Kong under the doctrine of precedent before 1 July 1997 and are not binding today. Decisions of the House of Lords before 1 July 1997 stand in a similar position. It is of the greatest importance that the courts of Hong Kong should derive assistance from overseas jurisprudence, particularly from the final appellate courts of other common law jurisdictions. This is recognised by Article 84 of the Basic Law.Pursuant to Article 158 of the Basic Law, the power of final interpretation of the Basic Law is vested not in the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong but in the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of China, which, unlike the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, is a political body rather than an independent and impartial tribunal of last resort.

 India 
India retained the right of appeal from the Federal Court of India to the Privy Council after the establishment of the Dominion of India. Following the replacement of the Federal Court with the Supreme Court of India in January 1950, the Abolition of Privy Council Jurisdiction Act 1949 came into effect, ending the right of appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

 Irish Free State 

The right of appeal to the Privy Council was provided for in the Constitution of the Irish Free State until its abolition in 1933 by an Act of the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State, amending said constitution.In Moore v Attorney-General of the Irish Free State the right of the Oireachtas to abolish appeals to the Privy Council was challenged as a violation of the 1921 Anglo-Irish Treaty. The then Attorney General for England and Wales (Sir Thomas Inskip) is reported to have warned the then Attorney-General of the Irish Free State (Conor Maguire) that the Irish Free State had no right to abolish appeals to the Privy Council. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council itself ruled that the Irish Free State Government had that right under the Statute of Westminster 1931 (Imp.).

 Jamaica 
In May 2015, the Jamaican House of Representatives approved, with the necessary two-thirds majority, bills to end legal appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council and make the Caribbean Court of Justice Jamaica's final court of appeal. The reform will be debated by the Jamaican Senate; however, the government needed the support of at least one opposition Senator for the measures to be approved by the required two-thirds majority. The 2016 general election was called before the reforms could be brought to the Senate for a final vote. The Jamaican Labour Party, which opposed the changes, won the election and has promised to hold a referendum on the issue.

 Malaysia 
Malaysia abolished appeals to the Privy Council in criminal and constitutional matters in 1978, and in civil matters in 1984.

 New Zealand 
New Zealand was the last of the original dominions to remove appeals to the Privy Council from its legal system. Proposals to abolish appeals to the Privy Council in New Zealand were first put forward in the early 1980s.
The Privy Council's respect for local decisions was noted by Lord Brightman in 1985 in regard to the possible adoption of a New Zealand decision, in the case of Archer v. Cutler (1980), as a precedent, where he stated that:If Archer v. Cutler is properly to be regarded as a decision based on considerations peculiar to New Zealand, it is highly improbable that their Lordships would think it right to impose their own interpretation of the law, thereby contradicting the unanimous conclusions of the High Court and the Court of Appeal of New Zealand on a matter of local significance. If, however, the principle of Archer v. Cutler, if it be correct, must be regarded as having general application throughout all jurisdictions based on the common law, because it does not depend on local considerations, their Lordships could not properly treat the unanimous view of the courts of New Zealand as being necessarily decisive.
In October 2003, with respect to all cases heard by the Court of Appeal of New Zealand, New Zealand law was changed to abolish appeals to the Privy Council, after the end of 2003. The old system was replaced by the Supreme Court of New Zealand. In 2008, Prime Minister John Key ruled out any abolition of the Supreme Court and return to the Privy Council.However, judgment on the last appeal from New Zealand to be heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was not delivered until 3 March 2015.

 Pakistan 
The Dominion of Pakistan retained the right of appeal to the Privy Council from the Federal Court of Pakistan until the Privy Council (Abolition of Jurisdiction) Act, 1950 was passed. The Federal Court of Pakistan remained the highest court until 1956, when the Supreme Court of Pakistan was established.

 Rhodesia 
Despite the Rhodesian Constitution of 1965 coming into effect as a result of the Unilateral Declaration of Independence, appeals continued to be accepted by the Privy Council as late as 1969 due to the fact that under international law, Rhodesia remained a British colony until gaining its independence as Zimbabwe in April 1980.

 Singapore 
Singapore abolished Privy Council appeals in all cases save those involving the death penalty, or in civil cases where the parties had agreed to such a right of appeal, in 1989. The remaining rights of appeal were abolished in April 1994.
One notable case in Singapore where an appeal against the death sentence was allowed by the Privy Council was a murder case that occurred in Pulau Ubin between 22 and 23 April 1972. In this case, Mohamed Yasin bin Hussein, who was 19 at the time of the murder, was sentenced to death by the High Court for murdering and raping a 58-year-old elderly woman named Poon Sai Imm, while his 25-year-old accomplice Harun bin Ripin went to ransack the elderly woman's house for items to rob (Harun, who also stood trial for murder together with Yasin, was instead sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment and received 12 strokes of the cane for a lesser charge of robbery at night). The Privy Council found that there was no evidence to show that Yasin had intended to cause death or any fatal bodily injury when he caused the fatal rib fractures on Poon while forcibly performing sexual intercourse with the struggling victim. As such, they found him guilty of committing a rash/negligent act not amounting to culpable homicide and sentenced him to 2 years' imprisonment. As an aftermath of this appeal, Yasin was brought back to court to be charged with rape, and he was eventually jailed for another 8 years for attempted rape of the elderly victim.Another notable case heard by the Privy Council was the case of Haw Tua Tau, a hawker who was sentenced to death in 1978 for the double murder of two hawkers Phoon Ah Leong and his mother Hu Yuen Keng. After his appeal was dismissed, Haw was granted special leave to appeal to the Privy Council against his sentence and conviction, but his appeal was dismissed by the Privy Council, which issued a landmark ruling that decreed the prosecution shall be allowed to present its case against an accused in court, as long as there is sufficient evidence to back a charge against the accused and hence present a case for the accused to answer. After losing his final appeal, Haw was eventually hanged in 1982 for the hawker killings.

 South Africa 
South Africa abolished the right of appeal to the Privy Council from the Appellate Division of the then Supreme Court of South Africa in 1950 under the terms of the Privy Council Appeals Act, 1950.

 See also 
Constitutional Reform Act 2005
List of Judicial Committee of the Privy Council cases

 Notes 

 External links 

Official website 
Judicial Committee Act 1833
National Archives, Records of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
Privy Council Office site, including JCPC
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council and the Canadian Constitution

William Thomas Barnes
Lieutenant William Thomas Barnes  (10 March 1892 – 28 November 1920) was an English World War I flying ace. He served as an observer/gunner in Bristol F.2 Fighters, gaining, in conjunction with his pilots, nine confirmed aerial victories (6 destroyed, 3 'out of control') over German Fokker D.VII fighter planes. Post-war he served in the Royal Irish Constabulary and was killed in the Kilmichael ambush on 28 November 1920.

 Early life and Fusilier service 
William Thomas Barnes was born in Sutton, Surrey on 10 March 1892. He began his military service in the Royal Fusiliers; he had become a sergeant before he was commissioned a second lieutenant within the regiment on 10 June 1917.

 World War I aviation service 
Barnes was appointed an Observer Officer in the Royal Air Force on 1 August 1918. He reported for observer duty in the Bristol Fighters of 11 Squadron on 15 August 1918. A week later, on 22 August, he scored his first aerial victory, destroying a Fokker D.VII over Bapaume. A week after that, on 29 August, he drove another Fokker down out of control over Bourlon Wood. The next day, Barnes survived anti-aircraft fire that severely damaged Bristol Fighter serial number D7981. He then ran off a string of four consecutive destructions of Fokker D.VIIs during September, setting one aflame in flight on the 4th, destroying two more on the 16th, and ruining another on the 17th. On the morning of 1 October 1918, he torched another German fighter, and drove one down out of control south of Le Cateau, all in five minutes. His final victory, two days later, was another out of control, northeast of Cambrai. His final tally was six Fokker D.VII fighters destroyed, three driven down out of control.Barnes was promoted to lieutenant on 10 December 1918, but was retired from the RAF for ill health with a gratuity on 27 or 28 January 1920.

 Post-war career 
He subsequently joined the Auxiliary Division of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and was one of 16 officers killed by the Irish Republican Army in the Kilmichael Ambush in Ireland on 28 November 1920, during the Irish War of Independence.

 Honours and awards 
Distinguished Flying Cross2nd Lt. William Thomas Barnes.

A skilful and gallant observer. On 1 October, during an important reconnaissance, this officer's machine was attacked by six or seven Fokkers; after scattering them he saw an enemy aeroplane attacking one of our machines; he at once engaged it, shooting it down in flames. Shortly afterwards he shot down another enemy machine out of control.

 References 
Citations
BibliographyFranks, Norman; Guest, Russell F.; Alegi, Gregory (1997). Above the War Fronts: The British Two-seater Bomber Pilot and Observer Aces, the British Two-seater Fighter Observer Aces, and the Belgian, Italian, Austro-Hungarian and Russian Fighter Aces, 1914-1918. London, UK: Grub Street. ISBN 978-1-898697-56-5.

Ethan Greenidge
Ethan Greenidge (born September 10, 1997) is an American football offensive tackle for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Villanova.

 College career 
Greenidge was a member of the Villanova Wildcats for four seasons. He became a starter at tackles midway through his freshman year. Greenidge finished his collegiate career with 43 consecutive games started and was named second-team All-Colonial Athletic Association as a junior and as a senior.

 Professional career 

 New Orleans Saints 
Greenidge was signed by the New Orleans Saints as an undrafted free agent on April 27, 2019. He made the Saints' 53-man roster out of training camp but did not play in any games and was listed inactive for the entire season. Greenidge made the active roster again in 2020 and made his NFL debut on September 13, 2020, in the season opener against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.On August 24, 2021, Greenidge was placed on injured reserve. He was placed on injured reserve again on August 15, 2022.

 Atlanta Falcons 
On April 17, 2023, Greenidge signed with the Atlanta Falcons. He was placed on injured reserve on August 3, 2023.

 References 

 External links 
Villanova Wildcats bio
New Orleans Saints bio

Hendrick Aupaumut
Hendrick Aupaumut (1757-1830) was a Mohican historian and diplomat, born among the Stockbridge Indians in Massachusetts, United States, who were originally from the Hudson River Valley. He was educated by Moravians and converted to Protestantism. Aupaumut was a soldier at the time of the American Revolutionary War, in which he served on the American side as a captain of Mohican warriors.

 Revolutionary War 
At the outbreak of hostilities, Aupaumut advocated for native tribes to declare for the American side. Traveling through the Ohio Country, he asked Stockbridge, Delaware, and Shawnee peoples to “to rise up against the Red Coats that they may not do as they please with this Big Island … let us humble them." He joined the Stockbridge Militia and served at the Battle of Orsikany and the Saratoga Campaign, rising to the rank of captain.

 Later life 
According to some sources, Aupaumut also fought against Tecumseh's War during the War of 1812. Concerned about cultural changes and the future of indigenous communities in the new United States, he strove to find common ground and adopt European practices to help his people integrate. He wrote a history of the Mohican people and defended them to President Thomas Jefferson in a letter. He worked with the United States in its exchanges with tribes further west, hoping to negotiate peace, but was, ultimately, unsuccessful, because of powerful settler interests. With the other Stockbridge Indians, he moved westward to avoid increasing settler violence, until they relocated to their present reservation of Stockbridge-Munsee Community in Wisconsin. His notable works include a narrative of his diplomatic attempts in his embassy to the Western Indians.

 External links 
Papers of the War Department 1784-1800.
Letter to Thomas Jefferson from Hendrick Aupaumut, 12 December 1808.
History of the Muh-he-con-nuk Indians by Hendrick Aupaumut (ca. 1790) in American Indian Nonfiction: An Anthology of Writings, 1760s-1930s (pp. 63-74).
A Short Narration of My Last Journey to the Western Country by Hendrick Aupaumut (pp. 61-131) in Memoirs of the Pennsylvania Society (pub. 1826).

 References 

Stoneground Words
Stoneground Words is an album released by Melanie in 1972. It contains the singles "Together Alone" and "Do You Believe".

 Production and Development 
The album was a conscious effort to move away from the pop sensibilities of her #1 song "Brand New Key" and focus on more introspective material.  “I saw Stoneground Words as a sort of statement, something that would remind people that ‘Brand New Key’ was a complete one-off for me."The project was initially conceived as a double album. The unused tracks recorded during the 1972 sessions would later form the basis of Melanie's 1974 album Madrugada. In 2024, Melanie oversaw the release of a deluxe edition of the album to restore it to its initial 
double album configuration, stating “it was like restoring a precious antique… no, it was like being handed a bag full of broken china and realizing it was an ornament that you loved when you were younger, but which fell off the shelf and shattered. So you sit there and you piece it back together.” 

 Critical reception and legacy 
In their review of the album, Billboard called it "one of the finest packages of her career thus far. The sensitivity and moving lyric line and performance of "Summer Weaving" is just one of the many standouts. "I Am Not a Poet," and the rhythmic "Song of
the South" are also exceptional."Record World 's review mentioned that the "charmingly packaged set is perhaps the best Melanie album yet. "Together Alone" starts things off beautifully, and the rest is consistently fine. Should do big business."Allmusic praised the album as "mature, intelligent and ambitious" and an "under-heard classic."in 2017, hip-hop producer and co-owner of Don't Sleep Records, Phoniks sampled Melanie's "Do You Believe?" on his Wu-Tang Clan remix "Back in the Game" amassing over 80 million views on YouTube.In a 2023 video for Amoeba Music, Josh Kiszka of Greta Van Fleet singled out the record as "very important to me...her voice is unique and her quirky lyric writing and her very unique melody writing is enchanting. She's this total bad ass gypsy queen."

 1972 Track listing 
All songs written by Melanie Safka except where noted

"Together Alone"
"Between the Road Signs"
"Summer Weaving"
"My Rainbow Race" (Pete Seeger)
"Do You Believe?"
"I Am Not a Poet (Night Song)"
"Stoneground Words"
"Song of the South, Based on a Theme from Song of the North, Adapted from the Original"
"Maybe I Was (A Golf Ball)"
"Here I Am"

 2024 Deluxe Edition Track listing 
Disc One

"Here I Am"
"My Rainbow Race"
"Wild Horses" (Mick Jagger, Keith Richards)
"Summer Weaving"
"Between The Road Signs"
"Together Alone"
"Maybe Not For A Lifetime"
"I Am Being Guided"
"I Think It's Going to Rain Today" (Randy Newman)
"The Actress"Disc Two

"Pretty Boy Floyd" (Woody Guthrie)
"Lovers Cross" (Jim Croce)
"Maybe I Was A (Golf Ball)"
"Song Of The South"
"I Am Not A Poet"
"Pine and a Feather"
"Stoneground Words"
"Do You Believe"
"Holding Out"
"Love to Lose Again"
"Here I Am (solo acoustic)" 

 Personnel 
Melanie - guitar, vocals
Sal DiTroia - acoustic guitar
Hugh McCracken - guitar
Bill Keith - steel guitar
Don Payne - Fender bass
Chuck Domanico, Richard Davis - double bass
Roger Kellaway - piano, arrangements
Ron Frangipane - organ, harmonium
Donald McDonald - drums
Johnny Pacheco - congas
Al Cohn - tenor saxophoneTechnicalBrooks Arthur - engineer
Tom Wilkes - photography

 Charts 

 References 

Darrell Schweitzer
Darrell Charles Schweitzer (born August 27, 1952) is an American writer, editor, and critic in the field of speculative fiction. Much of his focus has been on dark fantasy and horror, although he does also work in science fiction and fantasy.  Schweitzer is also a prolific writer of literary criticism and editor of collections of essays on various writers within his preferred genres.

 Life and career 
Schweitzer was born in Woodbury, New Jersey, son of Francis Edward and Mary Alice Schweitzer. He attended Villanova University from 1970 to 1976, from which he received a B.S. in geography (1974) and an M.A. in English (1976). He started his literary career as a reviewer and columnist. He worked as an editorial assistant for Isaac Asimov's SF Magazine from 1977 to 1982 and Amazing Stories from 1982 to 1986, was co-editor with George H. Scithers and John Gregory Betancourt of Weird Tales from 1987 to 1990 and sole editor of the same magazine from 1991 to 1994 and its successor, Worlds of Fantasy & Horror, from 1994 to 1996. From 1998 to 2007 he was again co-editor of the revived Weird Tales, first with Scithers and then with Scithers and Betancourt. He has also been a part-time literary agent for the Owlswick Agency in Philadelphia. and a World Fantasy Award judge. He is a member of Science Fiction Writers of America and Horror Writers of America. He lives and works in the Philadelphia area.

 Fiction 
Most of Schweitzer's fiction is in the areas of dark fantasy and horror. He works most frequently in fiction of shorter lengths, though he has also written a number of novels. His first, The White Isle, an epic, disillusioning quest to the underworld, was written in 1976 but remained unpublished until 1989. The Shattered Goddess (1982) takes place in a far future "Dying Earth" setting, which he later revisited for a sequence of short stories collected as Echoes of the Goddess (2013).
The first work in his tales of the world of the Great River focusing on child-sorcerer Sekenre, "To Become a Sorcerer" (1991), was nominated for the 1992 World Fantasy Award for Best Novella and later expanded into the novel The Mask of the Sorcerer (1995). Additional stories in the series have been collected in Sekenre: The Book of the Sorcerer (2004).
His latest novel, The Dragon House (2018), melds his customary dark tone with elements of humor in a lighter work for young adults. Other works include his stories of the lapsed knight Julian, most collected in We Are All Legends (1981), his tales of legendary madman Tom O'Bedlam, numerous works using H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos, many collected in Awaiting Strange Gods: Weird and Lovecraftian Fictions (2015), and a large body of unconnected short stories.

 Nonfiction 
Schweitzer is an authority on the history of speculative fiction and has written numerous critical and bibliographical works on both the field in general and such writers as Lord Dunsany, H. P. Lovecraft, and Robert E. Howard. Many of his essays, reviews and author interviews have been collected into book form. He has also edited a number of anthologies and short story collections.

 Awards 
Together with his editorial colleagues Schweitzer won the 1992 World Fantasy Award special award in the professional category for Weird Tales. His poem Remembering the Future won the 2006 Asimov's Science Fiction's Readers' Award for best poem.

 Bibliography 

 References 

 Further reading 
Steve Behrends. "Holy Fire: Darrell Schweitzer's Imaginative Fiction". Studies in Weird Fiction 5 (Spring 1989): 3–11.

 External links 
"Dreamer on the wildside" – 2004 interview by Cold Print magazine
"Spotlight on Darrell Schweitzer" – 2007 interview by Portal Press Books
Darrell Schweitzer at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database

Member states of BRICS
BRICS is a grouping of the world economies of Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa formed by the 2010 addition of South Africa to the predecessor BRIC. The original acronym "BRIC", or "the BRICs", was coined in 2001 by Goldman Sachs economist Jim O'Neill to describe fast-growing economies that he predicted would collectively dominate the global economy by 2050. The 15th BRICS summit in 2023 saw the expansion of the organization for the first time since the inclusion of South Africa.

 Member states 

 Countries that have applied for membership 
Saudi Arabia was invited to join at the 15th BRICS summit, but has not yet formalised its approval to become a BRICS member.While Egypt, Ethiopia, Iran, and the United Arab Emirates were not admitted as members during the 15th BRICS summit, they were among 22 countries applying for membership. South African Minister of Finance Enoch Godongwana said “There is a second batch of countries that are going to be added [to] BRICS." This means that there are plans for further BRICS expansion and the following countries are possible candidates due to their applications for membership 

 Previous applicants 
In 2022, Argentina formally submitted an application for BRICS membership under Alberto Fernández's government. Argentina was invitated to join at the subsequent 2023 summit, but the country declined the offer to join the bloc in the aftermath of Javier Milei's victory in that year's presidential election.In 2011, Indonesia considered the possibility of joining to the BRICS, in 2022 formally submitted an aplication, but finally the indonesian president Joko Widodo decided not to join the group and remove the aplication because they considered that it was a rush decision, he said that in a future he would probably reapply, but Indonesia is out for now.

 Notes 

 See also 
Member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation
Member states of the Eurasian Economic Union

 References 

Androstenedione
Androstenedione, or 4-androstenedione (abbreviated as A4 or Δ4-dione), also known as androst-4-ene-3,17-dione, is an endogenous weak androgen steroid hormone and intermediate in the biosynthesis of estrone and of testosterone from dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA). It is closely related to androstenediol (androst-5-ene-3β,17β-diol).

 Function 
Androstenedione is a precursor of testosterone and other androgens, as well as of estrogens like estrone, in the body. In addition to functioning as an endogenous prohormone, androstenedione also has weak androgenic activity in its own right.
Androstenedione has been found to possess some estrogenic activity, similarly to other DHEA metabolites. However, in contrast to androstenediol, its affinity for the estrogen receptors is very low, with less than 0.01% of the affinity of estradiol for both the ERα and ERβ.

 Adrenarche 
In children aged 6 to 8 years old, there is a rise in androstenedione secretion along with DHEA during adrenarche. This rise in androstenedione and DHEA is hypothesized to play a crucial role for learning social, cultural and ecological skills, such as the development and understanding of sexual attraction. Furthermore, it is thought that androstenedione plays a role in levels of aggression and competition in boys, as a positive correlation between the two were observed, while testosterone levels were below detection.

 Biochemistry 

 Biosynthesis 
Androstenedione is the common precursor of the androgen and estrogen sex hormones.Androstenedione can be biosynthesized in one of two ways. The primary pathway involves conversion of 17α-hydroxypregnenolone to DHEA by way of 17,20-lyase, with subsequent conversion of DHEA to androstenedione via the enzyme 3β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase. The secondary pathway involves conversion of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone, most often a precursor to cortisol, to androstenedione directly by way of 17,20-lyase. Thus, 17,20-lyase is required for the synthesis of androstenedione, whether immediately or one step removed.
Androstenedione is produced in the adrenal glands and the gonads. The production of adrenal androstenedione is governed by adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH), whereas production of gonadal androstenedione is under control by the gonadotropins. In premenopausal women, the adrenal glands and ovaries each produce about half of the total androstenedione (about 3 mg/day). After menopause, androstenedione production is about halved, due primarily to the reduction of the steroid secreted by the ovary. Nevertheless, androstenedione is the principal steroid produced by the postmenopausal ovary.
Some androstenedione is also secreted into the plasma, and may be converted in peripheral tissues to testosterone and estrogens.

 Metabolism 
Androstenedione is converted to either testosterone or estrone. Conversion of androstenedione to testosterone requires the enzyme 17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase. Androstenedione is released into the blood by theca cells. Conversion of androstenedione to estrone requires the enzyme aromatase. Androstenedione is a substrate for estrogen production in granulosa cells which produce aromatase. Thus, theca cells and granulosa cells work together to form estrogens.Androstanedione is a 5α-reduced metabolite of 4-androstenedione which serves as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of the androgen and neurosteroid androsterone.Androstenedione also has a variety of metabolites in different species. In cattle, androstenedione is converted into oestradiol-17 and epitestosterone. In sheep, the molecule is transformed into the 17-epimer. Androstenedione is converted into different metabolites in invertebrates. As is the case for Marisa cornuarietis, freshwater ramshorn snail, where androstenedione is converted into 5α-dihydrotestosterone (DHT) and testosterone (T) in male and into 5α-dihydroandrostenedione (DHA) in females.

 Levels 
Levels are normally 30–200 ng/dL (1.0–7.0 nmol/L) in females and 40–150 ng/dL (1.4–5.2 nmol/L) in males. 
In premature infants, serum androstenedione levels hover between 80 and 446 ng/dL. In full-term newborns, levels range from 20 to 290 ng/dL, and between 1 month and 1 year old, serum levels typically stay at less than 69 ng/dL.
Serum levels of androstenedione greater than or equal to 500 ng/dL may indicate the presence of an adrenal or gonadal tumor.

 Pharmacology 
Androstenedione has been shown to increase serum testosterone levels over an eight-hour period in men when taken as a single oral dose of 300 mg per day, but a dose of 100 mg had no significant effect on serum testosterone. However, serum levels of estradiol increased following both the 100 mg and 300 mg doses. The study also reported that the serum level of estrogens and testosterone produced varied widely between individuals.A 2006 review paper summarized several studies that examined the effect of androstenedione on strength training. At dosages of 50 mg or 100 mg per day, androstenedione had no effect on muscle strength or size, or on body fat levels. One study used a daily dosage of 300 mg of androstenedione combined with several other supplements, and also found no increase in strength when compared to a control group that did not take the supplements.The review authors speculate that sufficiently high doses may indeed lead to increased muscle size and strength. However, due to the federal ban on androstenedione supplements, it is difficult to carry out new research on its effects. The review authors conclude that individuals should not use androstenedione supplements due to the lack of evidence of beneficial effects, the wide variation in individual responses to the supplement, and the risk of unknown side effects.  Side effects for women may include the development of male characteristics, clitoromegaly, voice deepening, hirsutism, abnormal menstrual cycles and abnormal bleeding, blood clots, and metabolic disruption based on a study following 10 healthy females administering 100 mg androstenedione.

 Medical use 
Under the brand name Metharmon-F and in combination with sex steroids (pregnenolone, testosterone, estrone, androstenediol) and thyroid hormone (desiccated thyroid), androstenedione is or has been marketed for medical use in Thailand.

 Chemistry 

Androstenedione, also known as androst-4-ene-3,17-dione, is a naturally occurring androstane steroid and a 17-ketosteroid. It is closely related structurally to androstenediol (A5; androst-5-ene-3β,17β-diol), dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA; androst-5-en-3β-ol-17-one), and testosterone (androst-4-en-17β-ol-3-one), as well as to 5α-androstanedione (5α-androstane-3,17-dione) and estrone (estra-1,3,5(10)-triene-3-ol-17-one or 19-norandrost-1,3,5(10)-triene-3-ol-17-one).

 History 

 Use as a supplement 
Androstenedione was manufactured as a dietary supplement, often called andro or andros for short. Sports Illustrated credits Patrick Arnold with introducing androstenedione to the North American market. Androstenedione supplements are credited with increasing testosterone levels, enhancing athletic performance, building body muscles, reducing fats, increasing energy, maintaining healthy RBCs, and increasing sexual performance. Although, all of these effects have not been proven through scientific study. Androstenedione was legal and able to be purchased over the counter, and, as a consequence, it was in common use in Major League Baseball throughout the 1990s by record-breaking sluggers like Mark McGwire.Barry R. McCaffrey, in his capacity as director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy from 1996 to 2001, determined that androstenedione could not be classified as an anabolic steroid because there is no proof that it promotes muscle growth.

 Society and culture 

 Regulation 
Androstenedione is banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency, and from the Olympic Games. The International Olympic Committee in 1997 banned androstenedione and placed it under the category of androgenic-anabolic steroids. Androstenedione is banned by MLB, the NFL, USOC, NCAA, and by the NBA.On March 12, 2004, the Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 2004 was introduced into the United States Senate. It amended the Controlled Substance Act to place both anabolic steroids and prohormones on a list of controlled substances, making possession of the banned substances a federal crime. The law took effect on January 20, 2005. However, androstenedione was legally defined as an anabolic steroid, even though there is scant evidence that androstenedione itself is anabolic in nature. On April 11, 2004, the United States Food and Drug Administration banned the sale of androstenedione, citing that the drug poses significant health risks commonly associated with steroids. Androstenedione is currently banned by the U.S. military.

 References 
AndrostenedioneCitations

Eddie Goldman
Eddie Goldman (born January 6, 1994) is an American football nose tackle for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Florida State and was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the second round of the 2015 NFL Draft.

 Early years 
A native of Washington, D.C., he attended Friendship Collegiate Academy Public Charter School, where he played football with Yannick Ngakoue and Teez Tabor, and basketball. In football, he was an All-American defensive lineman. Considered a five-star recruit by ESPN and Rivals.com, Goldman was listed as the second best defensive tackle in his class, behind only Mario Edwards Jr., who later on attended Florida State with Goldman.

 College career 
Goldman attended Florida State University from 2012 to 2014. During his career, he had 262 tackles and six sacks. After his junior season, Goldman decided to forgo his senior year and enter the 2015 NFL Draft

 Professional career 

 Chicago Bears 
Goldman was drafted 39th overall by the Chicago Bears in the 2015 NFL Draft. In his rookie year, he played fifteen games, recording 39 tackles and six tackles for a loss, while being ranked fourth among rookies with 4.5 sacks. For his season, he was named to Mel Kiper Jr.'s All-Rookie Team and the Pro Football Writers of America's All-Rookie Team.Goldman played in six games with five starts in 2016. He suffered a high ankle sprain in Week 2 and missed the next six games. He returned in Week 10 but was bothered by the ankle injury and was placed on injured reserve on December 23, 2016.Goldman played in 15 games with 14 starts in the 2017 season. He recorded 1.5 sacks, 44 combined tackles, five quarterback hits, and one fumble recovery.On September 7, 2018, Goldman signed a four-year contract extension with the Bears worth $42 million with $25 million guaranteed. In week 14 against the Los Angeles Rams, Goldman sacked Jared Goff in the end zone for a safety. The Bears won the game 15–6. He finished the 2018 season with three sacks, 40 combined tackles, three quarterback hits, and one fumble recovery. He received an overall grade of 89.2 from Pro Football Focus in 2018, which ranked as the 12th highest grade among all qualifying interior defenders.Goldman played in 15 games with 15 starts in the 2019 season. He recorded one sack and 29 combined tackles with two tackles for loss. At the end of the season Goldman was selected as Pro Bowl alternate.On July 28, 2020, Goldman informed the Bears he would opt out of the season due to the COVID-19 pandemic. He received a $350,000 stipend for the season, and his original base salary of $4.75 million will be his salary for the following season.Goldman returned to the Bears for the 2021 season. In 14 games, he netted half a sack with 22 total tackles.On March 14, 2022, Goldman was released by the Bears.

 Atlanta Falcons 
Goldman signed with the Atlanta Falcons on July 6, 2022. Thirteen days after signing with the team, Goldman announced his retirement from the NFL.On March 21, 2023, Goldman came out of retirement and the Falcons reinstated him back to their active roster. He was placed on the exempt/left squad list on July 29, 2023.

 References 

 External links 

Florida State Seminoles bio
Chicago Bears bio
Career stats

Statue of a Liberated Woman
Statue of a Liberated Woman is a statue by Fuad Abdurahmanov in Baku, Azerbaijan. It was built in 1960 at the Public Square at the intersection of Gurbanov and Jafar Jabbarly streets in Yasamal raion, and was inspired by the character of Sevil from the Jafar Jabbarly's play Sevil. The act of publicly removing the veil symbolizes the transition of Azerbaijani women from seclusion to participation in Soviet society.

 Background 
Fuad Aburahmanov, the designer of the statue stated: 

"The topic of emancipation of Azerbaijani women has attracted me for a long time. When I started work on the sculpture, for some reason I imagined an eagle that had become entangled in the net. She tears her bonds, finally, frees from them. One more moment, and it will soar into the sunny sky."Veil as a part of woman’s wardrobe was the trait of all cities where trade was developing. The anti-veil movement was initially started in 1908 in Baku by liberal bourgeoisie well before the Soviet Hujum in 1927. However, the anti-veil protests were suppressed by Islamic clergy, causing a major setback. While some women stopped wearing the veil then, many still wore the veil out of social pressure.A prominent Azeri women's organization based in Baku, the Ali Bayramov Club, actively participated in the campaign to encourage women to take off the veil.After Azerbaijan became part of Soviet Union, the social status of women changed. As more women became employed, they dressed more often in work clothes instead of the veil. Public displays of anti-veil sentiments, which continued to face opposition from the clergy, regained momentum in 1920's with the implementation of the Hujum. It was not unusual for girls who stopped wearing the veil to be rejected by their family. Komsomol member Sara Khalilova was killed by her father for taking off the veil. The prominence of the statue reflects and honors the bravery and willpower of women who abandoned the veil.

 Construction 
Fuad Abdurahmanov created the original statue from gypsum in 1951. The monument was restored in 1957 and recreated using bronze. The bronze statue was named "Liberty"  and was displayed at the exposition of the Museum of Arts. Several officials who saw the monument decided it would be moved to central Baku in honour of the 40th anniversary of the Soviet government. Abdurahmanov then began work on a larger version of the monument, which was completed in 1959 in the city of Leningrad where the bronze was cast; the finished statue was then transported back to Azerbaijan and placed on a tall pedestal.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 See also 
Religion in Azerbaijan
Hujum
Sevil

 References 

Toyota Supra
The Toyota Supra (Japanese: トヨタ・スープラ, Hepburn: Toyota Sūpura) is a sports car and grand tourer manufactured by the Toyota Motor Corporation beginning in 1978. The name "supra" is derived from the Latin prefix, meaning "above", "to surpass" or "go beyond".The initial four generations of the Supra were produced from 1978 to 2002. The fifth generation has been produced since March 2019 and went on sale in May 2019. The styling of the original Supra was derived from the Toyota Celica, but it was longer. Starting in mid-1986, the A70 Supra became a separate model from the Celica. In turn, Toyota also stopped using the prefix Celica and named the car Supra. Owing to the similarity and past of the Celica's name, it is frequently mistaken for the Supra, and vice versa. The first, second and third generations of the Supra were assembled at the Tahara plant in Tahara, Aichi, while the fourth generation was assembled at the Motomachi plant in Toyota City. The 5th generation of the Supra is assembled alongside the G29 BMW Z4 in Graz, Austria by Magna Steyr.
The Supra traces much of its roots back to the 2000GT owing to an inline-6 layout. The first three generations were offered with a direct descendant to the Crown's and 2000GT's M engine. Interior aspects were also similar, as was the chassis code "A". Along with this name, Toyota also included its own logo for the Supra. It was derived from the original Celica logo, being blue instead of orange. This logo was used until January 1986, when the A70 Supra was introduced. The new logo was similar in size, with orange writing on a red background, but without the dragon design. That logo, in turn, was on Supras until 1991 when Toyota switched to its current oval company logo. The dragon logo was a Celica logo regardless of what colour it was. It appeared on the first two generations of the Supra because they were officially Toyota Celicas. The dragon logo was used for the Celica line until it was also discontinued.In 1998, Toyota ceased sales of the fourth-generation Supra in the United States. Production of the fourth-generation Supra for worldwide markets ended in 2002. In January 2019, the fifth-generation Supra, which was co-developed with the G29 BMW Z4, was introduced.

 First generation (A40/A50; 1978) 

The first generation of the Supra was based largely upon the Toyota Celica liftback, but was longer by 129.5 mm (5.10 in). The doors and rear section were shared with the Celica but the front panels were elongated to accommodate the Inline-6 instead of the Celica's 4-cylinder engine. Toyota's original plan for the Supra at this time was to make it a competitor to the very popular Datsun (now Nissan) Z-car.

 1978 
In April 1978, Toyota began production of the Supra in Japan, as the Celica XX, and sold it alongside the Celica at Japanese dealership sales channels called Toyota Corolla Store.
The Supra was offered with a 125 PS (92 kW; 123 hp) 2.0 L 12-valve SOHC inline-six engine (M-EU, chassis code MA45) or the 82 kW (110 hp; 111 PS) 2.6-litre 12-valve SOHC inline-six engine (4M-E, chassis code MA46). The Japanese model was equipped with the smaller 2.0 L engine so that buyers would not incur an additional tax under vehicle size and engine displacement regulations. Both engines were equipped with electronic fuel injection. The installation of the larger engine did obligate Japanese buyers to pay a higher annual road tax, making owning the car more expensive than the smaller Celica.
The Supra was first exported outside Japan in January 1979. The federalized model was originally equipped with a 110 hp (82 kW; 112 PS) 2.6-litre 12-valve SOHC inline-6 engine.
Transmission options for the model were either a 5-speed manual (W50) or an optional 4-speed automatic transmission (A40D). Both transmissions featured an overdrive gear. The top gear in the 5-speed was its overdrive gear whereas the automatic transmission featured an overdrive gear that would engage at speeds over 56 km/h (35 mph). The drivetrain for the Supra retained the T series solid rear axle configuration of the Celica in the Japanese MA45 version and a larger F series (and optional Limited Slip Differential) in the MA46 and MA47. The car also came standard with 4-wheel disc brakes and featured a four-link rear suspension with coil springs, lateral track bar, and stabilizer bar. The front suspension consisted of MacPherson struts and a stabilizer bar.
The interior of the Supra had optional power windows and power locks as part of the convenience package. The convenience package also included cruise control and special door trim with door pull straps with an optional sunroof. As for standard features, in the centre console there was an extendable map light and a flip-top armrest, which provided storage. Some other features were the tilt steering wheel, deep zippered pockets on the backs of the front seats, and a tonneau cover under the liftback. The dashboard also contained a state of the art AM/FM/MPX 4-speaker stereo radio, analog clock, and tachometer as part of the instrument panel.

 1979 
The mid-1979 changes for the 1980 model year US model were mostly cosmetic. The interior received a redesigned center console and a digital quartz clock. On the exterior were redesigned side view mirrors and 14x51⁄2 inch aluminium wheels were standard (the previous year had steel wheels with plastic wheel covers as standard and the aluminium wheels were optional). In addition, body molded mudflaps became available. On cars finished in copper metallic and white, the mudflaps were painted the body colour while the mudflaps were left black on all other colours. On the rear of the mudflaps, the word "Celica" was painted in white lettering.The official Supra site also notes that there was an addition of optional leather-trimmed seating and automatic climate-control.

 1980 
In August 1980 (for the 1981 model year), the Supra received an upgrade in displacement with the 2.8-litre 5M-E engine. It was still a 12-valve SOHC engine, but had a power output of 116 hp (87 kW; 118 PS) and 145 lb⋅ft (197 N⋅m) of torque. The car's automatic transmission was changed to the revised Toyota A43D and it gained a revised final drive gearing. Because of the change in engine and transmission a new chassis code of MA47 was given to the 1981 model. Performance figures for this model include a 0–60 mph (97 km/h) acceleration time of 10.24 seconds and a 1/4-mile time of 17.5 seconds at a speed of 77.7 mph (125 km/h).Also in 1980 (for the 1981 model year), a new Sports Performance Package became an option, which included sport suspension, raised white letter tyres, and front and rear spoilers. This also marked the last year that an 8-track tape player was offered in any Supra.

 Powertrain 

 Celica XX 

The Celica XX (pronounced "double X") is the Japanese market name of the first generation of the Celica Supra. It was offered in Japan during the years 1978–1981, and was redesigned in 1981. Toyota obtained engineering assistance from Lotus Cars, and supplied some components for use in the Lotus Excel. The Supra was sold as the Celica XX only in Japan at Japanese dealership sales channels called Toyota Corolla Store. In worldwide markets, it was sold as the Celica Supra.
In 1981, the Celica XX introduced the world's first navigation computer.

 Second generation (A60; 1981) 

In mid-1981, Toyota completely redesigned the Celica Supra as well as the entire Celica lineup for the 1982 model year. In Japan, they were known as the Celica XX, but the Celica Supra name was used for the world market. Still based on the Celica platform, there were several key differences, most notably the design of the front end and fully retractable pop-up headlights. Other differences were the inline-six rather than four-cylinder engine, as well as an increase in length and wheelbase to accommodate the larger engine. Cars installed with the 5M engine were slightly wider, while other models remained compliant with Japanese dimension regulations.  The front suspension used Macpherson struts while the rear used a semi-trailing link design with an attachment at the rear differential.
In 1981, Japanese buyers were offered an alternative to the Celica XX liftback bodystyle, called the Soarer coupe, which was offered at a different Japanese Toyota dealership network called the Toyota Store, as the Celica XX was sold at the Toyota Corolla Store. The four-door performance saloon called the Celica Camry was realigned with the Japanese market Carina, while in North America the Cressida took on that role.

 L-type and P-type 
In the North American market, the Celica Supra was available in two distinct models. There was the "Performance Type" (P-type) and the "Luxury Type" (L-type). While being mechanically identical, they were differentiated by the available options; tyre size, wheel size, and body trim. The P-type had fiberglass fender flares over the wheel wells, while the L-type did not. The P-type was also standard with the more sporty eight-way adjustable seats. The P-type did not get the option of a leather interior until 1983. Initially, the Luxury type meant Automatic transmission, and Performance Type stood for Manual. All editions of the P-type had the same 14x7-inch aluminium alloy wheels and throughout the years the L-type had 14x5.5-inch wheels until 1985 when they were changed to a P-type styled 15x6. The L-type also had the option of a digital instrument cluster with a trip computer; some Canadian models (both L-types and P-types) had this option as well as a few rare instances of American models. The L-type cluster was easily distinguished from the P-type cluster, by the 'ECT' function written on the dial plate. The digital cluster featured a digital tachometer, digital speedometer, and electronic fuel level and coolant level gauges. The trip computer could calculate and display various things such as fuel economy in miles-per-gallon, estimated time of arrival (ETA), and distance remaining to destination. Supras with trip computers also came with cruise control. Excluding the 1982 model, all P-types were available with headlight washers as an option, but the L-types were never given such an option. Although gear ratios changed throughout the years, all P-types came standard with a limited-slip differential.

 1981 
In 1981, for the 1982 model year, in the North American market, the Celica Supra's engine was the 2.8-litre 12-valve (two valves per cylinder) DOHC 5M-GE. Power output was 145 hp (108 kW; 147 PS) SAE net and 155 lb⋅ft (210 N⋅m) of torque. The engine used an 8.8:1 compression ratio to achieve the power and featured a vacuum advanced distributor. When the car debuted, it had a drag coefficient of Cd=0.348, a 0–60 mph (0–97 km/h) acceleration time of 9.8 seconds and a 1⁄4 mile (400 m) time of 17.2-seconds at 80 mph (129 km/h).The standard transmission for this year was the W58 5-speed manual with the A43DL 4-speed automatic transmission being an option for L-types. Both transmissions featured an overdrive gear and the automatic featured a locking torque converter. The top gear in the 5-speed was its overdrive whereas the automatic transmission featured an overdrive gear that would engage at speeds over 56 km/h (35 mph). The 1982 model's rear differential featured a 3.72:1 ratio. The Celica Supra's four-wheel independent suspension was specially tuned and designed by Lotus and featured variable assisted power rack-and-pinion steering and MacPherson struts up front. At the rear, it had semi-trailing arm suspension with coil springs and a stabilizer bar. Braking on the Celica Supra was handled by four-wheel disc brakes.
On the interior, this generation had standard power windows, power door locks, and power mirrors as well as a tilt steering wheel. The power door lock was located in the center console next to the power mirror control. The analog dash of this model only showed a top speed of 88 mph (142 km/h) in North America. The optional automatic climate control was renovated and was now seen as a standard feature on the A60. Cruise control and a retractable map light was standard in this generation. Some options included the addition of a sunroof, two-tone paint schemes, and a five-speaker AM/FM/MPX tuner with a cassette player (Fujitsu Ten Limited). The optional cassette stereo had a 105-watt power amplifier and a seven-band graphic equalizer. The standard stereo was a five-channel AM/FM/MPX tuner. Leather interior was an option on the L-type model, but the P-type models limited to standard striped cloth interior.
The AM/FM antenna was integrated into the front windshield rather than a typical external mast antenna. There was a key lock on the gas tank door (in lieu of a remote release) and the hatch and rear bumper were black regardless of exterior colour on the rest of the car. The P-type was available with an optional rear window visor above the hatch glass. The tail lights had a reverse light in the centre and the door handles opened the doors by pulling sideways. The front nose badge and B-pillar only read "Supra" for the first several months of production, but were changed to read "Celica Supra" midway through the model year. The L-type had front and rear mudflaps but P-type of this year did not.

 1982 
In 1982, for the 1983 model year, there were not many changes but there was an increase in power output to 150 hp (112 kW; 152 PS) and 159 lb⋅ft (216 N⋅m) of torque from the same 5M-GE engine. The only real change in the engine area was the switch from a vacuum advanced to an electronic advanced distributor, yet that did not increase the power output. Toyota switched to a 4.10:1 rear gear ratio for the P-type and a 3.73:1 for the L-type. As for the optional automatic transmission, they replaced the A43DL 4-speed with a newly designed A43DE 4-speed. It had an electronic controller that would adjust its shift pattern for a balance between performance and economy. It was the first in the industry to provide an electronically controlled transmission (ECT). This allowed the driver to choose either the "power" driving mode or "normal" driving mode at the touch of the button. The power mode provided the quickest acceleration and the normal mode provided the best all-around performance.
The interior virtually had no changes, but changes to the exterior included a switch to a power mast antenna, mudflaps on all models, and the addition of headlight washers on the P-type. All B-pillar and nose badges for cars sold in North America read "Celica Supra" and only the P-type was available in two-tone colour schemes.

 1983 
In 1983, for the 1984 model year, the changes were significant. Power output was increased on the 5-speed models to 160 hp (119 kW; 162 PS) and 163 lb⋅ft (221 N⋅m) of torque. The increase was achieved by a mixture of a redesigned intake manifold with D-shaped intake runners and an increase in compression ratio to: 9.2:1. Another notable change in the 5-speed models was the switch to a 4.30:1 gear ratio in the rear differential. All automatic models retained the previous years power statistics, but the rear gear ratio was changed to 4.10:1.
The most notable exterior changes included the switch to wraparound front turn signals, the option of either a rear wing spoiler mounted high up on the rear hatch, or rear window and quarter window louvers. Also, the tail-lights were redesigned and the hatch received a billboard "Supra" sticker instead of the smaller sticker, which was previously positioned on the right. The rear hatch and bumper was changed and received the same colour as the rest of the car (instead of the black of previous years). The door handles were also switched, opening by pulling up instead of sideways. Two-tone paint schemes also became available on both the P-type and L-type models.
Some interior controls such as the steering wheel, cruise control, and door lock switch were redesigned. Toyota included a 130 mph (209 km/h) speedometer in North American models instead of the traditional 85 mph (140 km/h) speedometer and the automatic climate control display was also changed. The previous year's cassette and equalizer stereo option was now made a standard feature.

 1985–1986 
The Supra was redesigned again in 1985. Power output was marginally increased to 161 hp (120 kW; 163 PS) and torque was up to 169 lb⋅ft (229 N⋅m). All models of this year had the same amount of power (both automatic models and 5-speed models). The engine received a redesigned throttle position sensor (TPS) as well as a new EGR system and knock sensor. With the slight increase in power the Supra was able to propel itself from 0–60 mph (97 km/h) in 8.4 seconds and netted a 16.1 second quarter-mile at 85 mph (137 km/h).Other changes would be a redesigned, more integrated sunshade and spoiler on the rear hatch. The rear spoiler was changed from a one-piece to a two-piece. The option of a leather interior remained exclusive now for the P-Type. Toyota added a standard factory theft deterrent system and the outside mirrors were equipped with a defogger that activated with the rear defroster. All Supras this year received automatic-off lights that also encompassed an automatic illuminated entry and fade-out system.
While 1985 was to be the last year of production of the second generation model, delays in production of the third generation model led to a surplus of second generation models. During the first half of 1986 the 1985 P-type was still offered for sale, with only minor cosmetic changes as well as the addition of a now mandatory rear-mounted third brake light on the hatch. These were all labelled officially as 1986 models. The P-type were the only model available for the 1986 model year. Production for the A60 Supra ended in December 1985 in order to make way for the upcoming A70 Supra.

 Markets 
The second generation of the Supra came in a variety of options around the world as well as only being offered during select years.

 Japan 
From August 1982 to 1983, the Celica XX, as it was named in Japan, had fender mirrors and came in four models depending on the engine:
2800GT Twin Cam: 2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) DOHC 5M-GEU 160 PS (118 kW; 158 hp) and 150 lb⋅ft (203 N⋅m) of torque.
2000GT Twin Cam 24: 1,988 cc (1.988 L; 121.3 cu in) DOHC 1G-GEU 160 PS (118 kW; 158 hp) and 134 lb⋅ft (182 N⋅m) of torque.
2000 Turbo: 1,988 cc (1.988 L; 121.3 cu in) SOHC turbocharged M-TEU 145 PS (107 kW; 143 hp) and 21.5 kg⋅m (211 N⋅m; 156 lb⋅ft) of torque.
2000: 1,988 cc (1.988 L; 121.3 cu in) SOHC 1G-EU 125 PS (92 kW; 123 hp) and 17.5 kg⋅m (172 N⋅m; 127 lb⋅ft) of torque.From August 1983 to 1986, the Celica XX had door-mounted mirrors and the same four engines options but with performance improvements. The 5M-GEU engine compression ratio was increased to achieve 175 PS (129 kW; 173 hp) and 177 lb⋅ft (240 N⋅m) of torque and the M-TEU engine upgraded with an air-to-liquid intercooler to 160 PS (118 kW; 158 hp) and 23.5 kg⋅m (230 N⋅m; 170 lb⋅ft) of torque.

 Most of Europe 
Sold from August 1982 to 1986.82–83: 2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) DOHC 5M-GE 130 kW (174 hp; 177 PS) and 207 lb⋅ft (281 N⋅m) of torque. Analog instrument cluster, no fender flares.
84–86: 2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) DOHC 5M-GE 170 PS (125 kW; 168 hp) and 212 lb⋅ft (287 N⋅m) of torque. Digital dash, P-Type fender flares.

 Great Britain 
Sold from 1982 to 1986.
82–83: 2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) DOHC 5M-GE 178 hp (133 kW; 180 PS) and 212 lb⋅ft (287 N⋅m) of torque. Analog dash, no fender flares.
84–86: 2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) DOHC 5M-GE 178 hp (133 kW; 180 PS) and 212 lb⋅ft (287 N⋅m) of torque. Digital dash, P-Type fender flares.

 Australia, Sweden, and Switzerland 
Sold from 1984 to 1986 - these had a version of the earlier single-cam engine as it was not worth the expense of making the twin cam engine meet the particular emissions regulations shared by these three countries. This particular engine was also used in the Cressida and the Crown in the Swiss market.
2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) SOHC 5M-E 140 PS (103 kW; 138 hp) and 167 lb⋅ft (226 N⋅m) of torque.
The Supra in Australia was sold from 1983 to 1986 had a digital instrument cluster, fender flares, 14x7-inch wheels, 84 style lights, single piece spoiler, LSD and optional sunroof. This was the only variant and no L Type model was offered.
In Australia, the Supra (manufactured between 1982 and 1990), was assessed in the Used Car Safety Ratings in 2006 as providing "worse than average" protection for its occupants in the event of a crash.

 New Zealand 
Sold from 1984 to 1985
2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) DOHC 5M-GE 133 kW (178 hp; 181 PS) and 212 lb⋅ft (287 N⋅m) of torque. Digital dash, P-Type fender flares.

 Powertrain 

 Third generation (A70; 1986) 

In February 1986, the bonds between the Celica and the Supra were cut; they were now two completely different models. The Celica changed to a front-wheel drive layout, using the Toyota "T" platform associated with the Corona, while the Supra kept its rear-wheel-drive layout. The engine was updated to a more powerful 2,954 cc (3.0 L) inline-six engine rated at 149 kW (200 hp; 203 PS). Although initially only available with naturally aspirated engines, a turbocharged version was added in the 1987 model year. The Supra was now mechanically related to the Soarer.
All Japanese market models with the various versions of the 2.0 L engine were slightly narrower overall so as to be in compliance with Japanese Government dimension regulations so that Japanese buyers weren't liable for yearly taxes for driving a larger car.

The new engine used in the A70 Supra, the Toyota 7M-GE, was the flagship engine of Toyota's arsenal. Both versions of the engine contained 4 valves per cylinder and dual overhead cams. The turbocharged 7M-GTE engine was Toyota's first distributor-less engine offered in the US which used coil packs sitting on the cam covers and a cam position sensor driven by the exhaust camshaft. It was equipped with a CT26 turbocharger and was rated at 172 kW (231 hp; 234 PS) at 5,600 rpm while the naturally aspirated 7M-GE engine was rated at 149 kW (200 hp; 203 PS) at 6,000 rpm. Further refinement on the turbo model increased power to 173 kW (232 hp; 235 PS) at 5,600 rpm and 254 lb⋅ft (344 N⋅m) of torque at 3,200 rpm in 1989. This was mostly due to a redesign of the wastegate. All models used the same tyre size of 225/50R16 on 16x7 inch wheels. Spare tyres were full-sized but on steel wheels.
The naturally aspirated model came standard with the W58 manual transmission. The turbocharged models included the R154 manual transmission. Both were available with the optional 4-speed A340E automatic transmission.

The third-generation Supra represented an arsenal of new technology. In 1986, options available for the Supra included a 3-channel ABS and TEMS which gave the driver two settings which affected the damper rates; a third was automatically activated at wide open throttle, hard braking, and high speed maneuvering.
ACIS (Acoustic Control Induction System), a method of controlling air compression pulses inside the intake piping to increase power, was also a part of the 7M-GE's technological arsenal. All models were fitted with double wishbone suspension front and rear. A targa top was offered in all model years along with a metal power sliding sunroof (added in 1991).
Production numbers of the GA70/MA70/JZA70 Supra was estimated at 241,471 units.

 1986 1/2 
The third-generation Supra was introduced in February 1986 as a stand-alone model, officially being separate from the Celica. Whereas the Celica became a front-wheel-drive sport coupe, the Supra retained its image as a rear-wheel-drive sports/GT car. The new Supra would continue to move upscale and become a showcase for Toyota's technology. The Supra was powered by a 3.0-litre DOHC inline six-cylinder engine rated at 149 kW (200 hp; 203 PS). Notable features included an electronically-controlled independent suspension (called the Toyota Electronic Modulated Suspension – TEMS), and some came with a removable Sport-Roof panel (Targa top).

 1987 
The A70 Supra Turbo was introduced in 1987. The intercooled, turbocharged version of the 3.0-litre inline 6-cylinder engine boosted power to 172 kW (231 hp; 234 PS) and 240 lb⋅ft (325 N⋅m) of torque. The engine, designated as 7M-GTE, was one of the first distributor-less mass production engines in the United States. This was accomplished with 3 coils being shared using the wasted spark system.  The Turbo model also included an engine oil cooler and an integrated rear spoiler. The sports package, which was standard on the Turbo and optional on the base model, included a limited-slip differential (LSD), TEMS, and headlamp washers. A new 4-channel anti-lock braking system (ABS) was optional on both models. In 1987, a new beige/tan colour combination was implemented, and only 1,000 cars were produced with this scheme. Toyota installed its variable induction technology into the DOHC twin-turbocharged 1G-GTE engine called T-VIS and also included it into the 7M-GTE engine as well.

 1988 
Changes for the 1988 model year were nominal with the exception of the discontinuation of two-toned brown exterior paint. The spoiler-mounted brake light changed from a square to a trapezoid shape. Seat pattern was changed from squares to lines, and "foil" on climate control and switch gear changed from light to dark gray. Japanese buyers could select from six different trim packages starting with the top level 3.0 GT Turbo Limited with the 7M-GTEU engine, followed by the 3.0 GT Turbo, GT Twin Turbo with the 1G-GTEU DOHC 2.0 L engine, the GT with the 2.0 L DOHC 1G-GEU engine, the G with the 1G-EU engine and the S with the 1G-EU engine as the base model. All Japanese models came with either a 5-speed manual transmission or the 4-speed automatic transmission with ECT-s except the G and the S on which the ECT-s wasn't available. In Japan, the 3.0 GT Turbo Limited, the 3.0 GT Turbo and the GT Twin Turbo were installed standard with a digital instrument panel, the 3.0 L models came with an AM/FM Cassette stereo with an integrated CD player and cruise control. Climate control was also standard on all turbocharged models, and leather interior was only available on the GT Turbo Limited.

 1989 
Changes for the 1989 model year include modifications to the wastegate actuator, feed location and engine management increased power output by 1.5 kW (2 hp; 2 PS) on the turbo model. The engine mount and brace were also revised in late 1989. The changes made to the cross member and mounts made to accommodate the (1JZ engine) for Japanese models. The protective body molding was also changed by taking away the steel reinforcement. This made the molding lighter and prevented the rusting problem found on the previous year models. The "white package" was introduced as well, featuring white body molding and white "saw blade" wheels. Interior choices were limited to blue and burgundy only. Other than pure cosmetics changes, there was nothing different from other models. All models received rear 3-point seat belts to replace the previous years' two-point lap belts. New tail lights, front bumper with integrated lower grille (as opposed to the previous years' detachable grille), side mirrors, turn signals, upper grilles, foglights, steering wheel, door panels, climate control, window switches and bezels, and stereo are added. Addition of coat hooks on B-pillar and removal of rear seat pockets round out interior changes. Turbo models received three piece spoiler with an integrated LED brake light. 1989 also marked the end of headlight washers in the US and SuperMonitor; an advanced system offered by Toyota able to calculate miles able to be traveled on current tank, ability to check vehicle codes from inside the cabin, among other features.

 1990 
For the 1990 model year, changes included larger protective laminate in front of rear wheels, lower redline (owing to the heavier crank with cylinders 2 & 5 counterbalanced), redesigned steering wheel with cruise control relocated to a stalk on the right side (US only). In addition to a driver-side airbag and airbag indicator light on dashboard (US only), the left side of the switch panel was also redesigned, which replaced one of the coin slots with the dimmer. The lower dashboard panel became a two-piece design, which was also much heavier than the previous one-piece panel owing to a change in material. Finally, the memory lever on the steering column was removed. In short, a plethora of the changes for the 1989 and 1990 were to the interior.

 1991 
For the 1991 model year, the wheel design was changed to 5-spoke wheels. Both models had 16x7-inch aluminium alloy wheels that were fitted with 225/50/16 tyres and full-sized spares on steel wheels. Body molding changed in colour to better match the exterior. The front "Supra" emblem was also changed to the current corporate oval Toyota symbol was used from this model year onwards. The speedometer was also revised, and included more lines that were removed in 1989, but still did not have as many (one line per mph) as 1986.5 to 1988 models. New interior colours, namely shadow gray and deep red, were introduced, which marked the end of medium gray, tan and burgundy. Blue interior became only available on white packages, and those with blue paint. Burgundy was replaced with white package-only deep red. Every other body colour received a shadow gray interior, with leather interiors retaining medium gray seats and interior inserts. Front speakers were changed from 3.5 inch to 6.5 inches and the speaker cover was also enlarged to accommodate them. Beginning in 1991, Toyota began to offer a factory spoiler-style panel sunroof. These sunroofs are now highly sought after and rare since they were introduced in the ending production years of the A70 Supra.

 1992 
For the 1992 model year, the leather shadow gray interiors received black seats and inserts. Non-turbo models lost the option of a targa top, and a new optional subwoofer was available. Subwoofer-equipped Supras did without the rear bins and wooden "floorboard". Instead, rear carpet was molded to the spare tyre, and there was a cut-out for the woofer housing.

 JZA70 and GA70 
The Japanese models of the Supra were given the chassis codes JZA70 and GA70 respectively. The JZA70 has a 2.5-litre 206 kW (276 hp; 280 PS) parallel twin-turbocharged 1JZ-GTE engine, and the GA70 has a 2.0-litre 154 kW (207 hp; 209 PS) twin-turbocharged 1G-GTE and a naturally aspirated 1G-GEU engines respectively.

 JZA70-R 
In addition to the introduction of the JZA70 in 1990, Toyota introduced a special version of the JZA70 with the 1JZ-GTE engine known as the 2.5 Twin Turbo R model (JZA70-R). It boasted additional upgrades, including lighter sway bars, a larger intercooler, Torsen differential, Interbred TEIN/Bilstein sports suspension, Shadow/Dark grey interior trim, MOMO steering wheel and gear knob and Recaro seats and door trim. The wheels were painted charcoal grey, and the front bumper lip featured channeled air ducts for the front brakes. The Twin Turbo R introduced a new and exclusive colour option in 1992 for the JZA70-R model known as Jade Mica Green. (Note: this colour was also available in Europe) The JZA70-R model is the lightest and fastest model of third generation of the Supra.

 Turbo A 
The Turbo-A was Toyota's evolution model for the Group A touring car series that required a minimum homologation run of 500 units. The Turbo-A was manufactured for 2 months during the period of September and October 1988 and was available strictly in Japan. Thus the term 88 Spec A. Some notable differences between the standard MA70 Supra 3.0 GT and the Turbo-A model are both cosmetic and mechanical;

The standard CT-26 turbo had a slightly larger inducer and can be identified by a stamped "E" on the raised casting on the compressor housing.
The Turbo-A had a 65 mm (2.6 in) wide throttle body and accompanied a larger diameter "blank" crossover pipe, instead of the standard 7M-GTE 60 mm (2.4 in) throttle body and original "3000" cast pipe.
The Turbo-A also benefited from a larger volume steel air cleaner instead of the factory plastic unit
Thicker roll bars front and rear
Ventilated brake discs all-round
The fuel management used a MAP system, instead of the standard Karmen Vortex AFM.
The front nose features an additional "Turbo A duct" to add airflow to the top area of the intercooler.
Also unique was the side decal and rear badging ("3.0GT Turbo A") and a black paint job (paint code 202).All cars came standard with grey leather interior featuring a MOMO-sourced steering wheel and shift knob. It is powered by a 204 kW (274 hp; 277 PS) Toyota 7M-GTEU engine. It is important to note that the 7M-GTEU was standard in all Japanese MA70 models and is not unique to the Turbo-A. The "U" designation meant the engine came equipped with a catalytic converter as per Japan emission laws.

The Group-A MA70 Supra had varying degrees of success in various fields such as Rally and 24HR, but is most known for its participation in the Japanese Touring Car Championship (JTCC). In the JTCC the Supra did not win as many races as intended, which is primarily judged on the fact it was underdeveloped and its placement in a higher tier division under regulations because of the 3.0-litre engine displacement, imposing the Toyota with the performance inhibition of running with a higher curb weight and less power compared to the rest of its class. Both the TOM'S and SARD teams fared well in results in the (JTCC) with the TOM'S team winning on its debut in 1987, before abruptly ending their (JTCC) career with the MA70 Group-A in 1989.
Upon its initial Australian Touring Car Championship (ATCC) debut in 1989, the Group-A Supra failed to finish its first race. With DNF's becoming a regular upset owing to the lack of power and heavy weight of the Supra, it began to strike doubt in the car's capability of success in the (ATCC) which suffered increasingly due to constant rules and regulation changes issuing a red-faced outcome against its main rivals like the Ford Sierra Cosworth RS500, Nissan Skyline HR31 GTS-R and the BMW M3 (E30) which were lighter, more powerful and had more development behind them. Hopes would further diminish for Toyota in the top division by the introduction of the domineering Nissan Skyline GT-R (R32) in the (JTCC) in 1989 and the Australian Touring Car Championship (ATCC) in 1990. Australian racing team Fitzgerald Racing won the first edition of the March 1991 Bathurst 12 Hour. Toyota in 1991 would switch to racing the Corolla Levin instead in the lower tier divisions, while many privateer teams soldiered on with the Supra until the Group A racing's final demise in 1993. 
Only eleven MA70 Group-A cars were built by TRD Japan for homologation racing. A few out of many special developed parts that were fitted to the various Group-A race cars happen to include a cast magnesium nine litre oil pan with matching high flow oil pump, 288 camshafts with 10.88mm lift, Hollinger close proportion 5-speed gear-set in the R154 case, Harrop 4 piston brake calipers with 15.5-inch (393 mm) rotors, and TRD-sourced torque-vectoring mechanical limited-slip differential with 50:50 left:right lockup on full throttle. TRD was also responsible for the thick rear-anti squat tram-rods which were integral to the multi-link rear suspension setup to control rear squat under hard acceleration and launching.

 Powertrain 

 Fourth generation (A80; 1993) 

The A80 program began in February 1989 under various teams for design, product planning, and engineering led by Isao Tsuzuki. By the middle of 1990, a final A80 design concept from Toyota Technical Centre Aichi was approved and frozen for production in late 1990. The first test mules were hand-built in A70 bodies during late 1990, followed by the first A80 prototypes being hand-assembled in 1991.
Again using subframe, suspension, and drivetrain assemblies from the Z30 Soarer (Lexus SC300/400), pre-production of the test models started in December 1992 with 20 units made, and official mass production began in April 1993. The fourth-generation Supra again shared its platform with the upscale Soarer coupe, sold in the U.S. as the Lexus SC. Although the two cars looked similar dimension-wise, the new Supra was more than 13 inches (340 mm) shorter than its luxurious cousin.This redesign saw Toyota placing great emphasis on a more serious high-performance car. The A80 featured two new engines: a naturally aspirated Toyota 2JZ-GE having a power output of 164 kW (220 hp; 223 PS) at 5,800 rpm and 210 lb⋅ft (285 N⋅m) at 4,800 rpm of torque and a twin turbocharged Toyota 2JZ-GTE having a power output of 206 kW (276 hp; 280 PS) and 318 lb⋅ft (431 N⋅m) of torque for the Japanese model. For the export model (American/European markets) Toyota upgraded the Supra turbo's engine (by installing smaller, steel wheeled turbochargers and bigger fuel injectors, etc.). This increased the power output to 239 kW (321 hp; 325 PS) at 5,600 rpm and 315 lb⋅ft (427 N⋅m) of torque at 4,000 rpm (243 kW (326 hp; 330 PS) and 325 lb⋅ft (441 N⋅m) for European markets) Upon its launch in 1993, it was the first Toyota-badged vehicle to include a passenger-side airbag as standard (US-market only).The twin turbochargers operated in sequential mode instead of parallel. Initially, all of the exhaust gases are routed to the first turbine for reduced lag. This resulted in boost and enhanced torque as early as 1,800 rpm, where it already produced 300 lb⋅ft (407 N⋅m) of torque. At 3,500 rpm, some of the exhaust gases are routed to the second turbine for a "pre-boost" mode, although none of the compressor output is used by the engine at this point. At 4,000 rpm, the second turbo's output is used to augment the first turbo's output. Compared to the parallel mode, sequential mode turbochargers provide quicker low RPM response and increased high RPM boost. This high RPM boost was also aided with technology originally present in the 7M-GE in the form of the Acoustic Control Induction System (ACIS) which is a way of managing the air compression pulses within the intake piping as to increase power.
For this generation, the Supra received a new six-speed Getrag/Toyota V160 gearbox on the turbo models while the naturally aspirated models were equipped with a five-speed manual W58 transmission, revised from the previous model. Each model was offered with a four-speed automatic with manual shifting mode.
All vehicles were equipped with five-spoke aluminium alloy wheels, the naturally aspirated models had 16-inch wheels and the turbo models had 17-inch wheels wearing 235/45/17 fronts and 255/40/17 rear tyres. The difference in wheel size was to accommodate the larger brakes equipped as standard on the turbo model, but in Japan were optional equipment. The turbo models had 4 piston front calipers with 2 piston rear calipers. The NA made do with dual front and single rear piston calipers. Both models had a space saver spare tyre on a steel rim to save both space and weight.  All models used a double wishbone suspension front and rear. 

Toyota took measures to reduce the weight of this new model. Aluminium was used for the bonnet, targa top (when fitted), front crossmember, oil and transmission pans, and forged upper suspension A-arms. Other measures included hollow carpet fibers, magnesium-alloy steering wheel, plastic gas tank and lid, dished out head bolts, gas injected rear spoiler, and a single pipe exhaust. Despite having more features such as dual airbags, traction control, larger brakes, wheels, tyres, and an additional turbocharger, the car was at least 91 kg (200 lb) lighter than its predecessor. The base model with a manual transmission had a curb weight of 1,456 kg (3,210 lb). The targa top added 18 kg (40 lb) of weight while the automatic transmission added 25 kg (55 lb). The fourth-generation model had a 51:49 (front:rear) weight distribution. The turbo model weighed 1,565 kg (3,450 lb) with a manual transmission while the automatic added another 4.5 kg (10 lb) to the overall weight. Weight distribution was 53% front and 47% rear. The Supra was heavier than the Mazda RX-7 and all aluminium bodied Acura/Honda NSX and weighed about the same amount as the Nissan 300ZX, but was lighter than the Mitsubishi 3000GT VR-4.By the late 1990s, sales of all sport coupes were declining in North America. Furthermore, a stronger yen pushed prices up in markets outside Japan. The Supra was withdrawn from the Canadian market in 1996 and the US in 1998. The Turbo was not available in 1998 in California Air Resources Board (CARB) states. Production continued in Japan until August 2002, ceasing owing to restrictive emission standards.
At the March 2002 Geneva Motor Show, a Japanese coach builder company called Ohno Car Craft displayed their 1960s style grand tourer based on the Supra, known as the Naomi III. Two variants were available, the naturally aspirated 3000GT-SZ with the same 165 kW (225 PS; 222 hp) as the naturally aspirated Japanese market Supra SZ and a tuned turbocharged 3000GT-RZ with 309 kW (420 PS; 414 hp).

 Performance 
The turbocharged variant could accelerate 0–97 km/h (0–60 mph) in as low as 4.6 seconds and cover 402 m (1⁄4 mile) in 13.1 seconds at 175 km/h (109 mph). Car and Driver magazine includes a rollout in their 4.6 seconds test (typically about 0.3 second) that they subtract from the acceleration figures. The turbo version has a tested top speed of 257 km/h (160 mph), but the cars are restricted to just 180 km/h (112 mph) in Japan and 250 km/h (155 mph) in worldwide markets. European versions of the car also had an air intake or scoop on the bonnet. It has a drag coefficient of Cd=0.31 for the naturally aspirated models and 0.32 for the turbo models but unknown with the rear spoiler.
The standard A80 Supra chassis has also proven an effective platform for roadracing, with several top 20 and top 10 One Lap of America finishes in the SSGT1 class. In 1994, the A80 managed remarkable skidpad ratings of 0.95 lateral g's (200 ft) and 0.98 lateral g's (300 ft) The Supra also featured a four-sensor four-channel track tuned ABS system with yaw control whereby each caliper is sensored and the brakes are controlled individually according to the speed, angle, and pitch of the approaching corner. This unique Formula One-inspired braking system allowed the Supra Turbo to record a 113 km/h (70 mph) -0 braking distance of 149 ft (45 m), the best braking performance of any production car tested in 1997 by Car and Driver magazine. This record was finally broken in 2004 by a Porsche Carrera GT, which did it in 145 ft (44 m).

 1994 
In 1994, Toyota Racing Development displayed a replica of the 1994 JGTC BLITZ Racing Team Supra GT500 race car, known as the TRD3000GT. The differences with the standard Supra was mainly with the body kits, aiming for better aerodynamics. The new body kit made the car 60 mm wider at the front and 50 mm wider at the rear. This allowed wider wheels to be fitted, which in turn improved the car's lateral grip. The engine and suspension also got small modifications. Only 35 examples of these were ever produced, each of which came with its own specially numbered VIN plate that officially re-classified the car as a TRD3000GT rather than a Toyota Supra.

 1995 
In 1995, for the 1996 model year, in the US the turbo model was only available with an automatic transmission owing to OBD-II certification requirements. The targa roof was also made standard on all turbo models.

 1996 

In 1996, for the 1997 model year, manual transmission returned for the turbo engine along with a redesign of the taillights, headlights, front fascia, polished wheels, and other minor changes such as the radio and steering wheel designs. Each supra had a badge indicating "Limited Edition 15th Anniversary". All turbo models came standard with the rear spoiler.

 1997 
In 1997, for the 1998 model year, updates were a 3-spoke steering wheel, a redesigned radio, and VVT-i on the naturally aspirated engine. In Japan, the turbo engines were installed with VVT-i. The SZ-R model was also updated with the introduction of a six-speed Getrag V161 transmission, the same one used for the twin-turbo RZ models. The RZ-S received a tiptronic gearbox with steering wheel mounted gear controls. The RZ and Sz-R were both factory fitted with Toyotas REAS suspension and carbon steering wheel to aid in the light feeling of steering. The RZ only delivered in manual transmission and was factory fitted with Recaro Sr2 front seats. The RZ would end up being one of the rarest halo cars models from the Japanese manufactures with 653 being produced total for the 1998 model year through to end of production in 2002 being outsold by the R34 GTR, FD RX7 S8 and NSX.

 Powertrain 

 Fifth generation (J29/DB; 2019) 

The fifth-generation Supra was released in January 2019 after 17 years off the market as the GR Supra, part of Toyota's Gazoo Racing (GR) family of performance cars. It was developed in partnership with BMW, sharing the platform and many parts from the BMW Z4 (G29) with BMW derived 4- and 6-cylinder turbocharged engines and maintaining rear-wheel drive layout from the previous Supra. The model is designated with BMW model codes "J29" or "DB", however Toyota used the "A90" and "A91" codes for promotional and marketing materials for the fifth-generation Supra to maintain the lineage from the previous Supra. The GR Supra is manufactured at the Magna Steyr plant in Graz, Austria alongside the Z4.The fifth-generation Toyota Supra was launched in total seven colour options including CU Later Gray, Stratosphere, Burnout, Absolute Zero, Nocturnal, Renaissance 2.0, and Nitro Yellow. Apart from the cosmetics, in 2023, new driving modes are introduced called Hairpin+. This mode allows additional wheel-spin on one of the rear tyres to help rotate the Supra around ultra-tight hairpin turns.

 Motorsport 

The Supra has been used in many levels of motorsport, with some prominent examples being in Group A (international) and JGTC/Super GT (Japan).

 Awards 
The A60, with its all-new design, quickly became a success in the US where it was awarded the Import Car of the Year by Motor Trend. It also made Car and Driver magazine's Ten Best list for 1983 and 1984.
In 1994, the A80 Supra won Popular Mechanics "Design & Engineering awards".
The fifth-generation GR Supra (J29/DB) was selected to be on Car and Driver magazine's 10Best list for 2020, 2021, and 2023, and was named to the magazine's Editor's Choice list in the Sports Car category for 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.
It won "Best Sports Coupe" for 2020 and 2021 in MotorWeek magazine's Drivers' Choice Awards.
In 2019, the fifth-generation GR Supra won Auto Bild magazine's "Golden Steering Wheel" award for Best New Sports Car, and was named the "Car of the Year" by Esquire magazine.
In 2020, the GR Supra won Sport Auto magazine's "Best Handling Car 2020", and was Automobile magazine's 2020 Automobile All-Stars winner.
In 2021, the Specialty Equipment Market Association (SEMA) awarded the fifth-generation GR Supra as the "Sport Compact of the Year". Additionally, the Texas Auto Writer's Association named it the "Performance Vehicle of Texas" for the year.

 Production timeline 
1979 – Celica Supra A40 introduced with 2,563 cc (2.563 L; 156.4 cu in) SOHC 4M-E I6 engine.
1981 – A40 engine displacement increased to 2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) with the introduction of the SOHC 5M-E I6 engine.
1982 – A60 Celica Supra introduced with a 2,759 cc (2.759 L; 168.4 cu in) DOHC 5M-GE I6 engine.
1986–1986.5 – A70 Supra introduced on its own platform with 2,954 cc (2.954 L; 180.3 cu in) DOHC 7M-GE I6 engine.
1987 – Option of turbocharger available for the 2,954 cc (2.954 L; 180.3 cu in) DOHC 7M-GTE engine having a power output of 172 kW (231 hp; 234 PS) 245 lb⋅ft (332 N⋅m).
1989 – Redesign implemented. Turbo model's power output increased to 173 kW (232 hp; 235 PS) & 250 lb⋅ft (339 N⋅m).
1993 –  A80 Supra introduced with 2,997 cc (2.997 L; 182.9 cu in) Turbo (2JZ-GTE) or naturally aspirated (2JZ-GE) DOHC engine.
1996 – Turbo model only available with automatic transmission owing to OBD2 certification requirements. Targa roof standard on all turbo models.
1997 – Manual transmission available on all turbo models. Restyled front bumper and grey (instead of black) taillight surrounds. Restyled headlights, now black on the inside with chrome rings (all chrome previously) and a clearer lens. All 1997 models labeled as 15th Anniversary model. New grey dash panels to replace the previous black. Japanese production stopped in September.
1998 – Slight restyling of interior. 3-spoke steering wheel introduced. Slightly updated seat design (headrest is no longer separate) VVT-i on non-turbo models which increased power. Turbo variants discontinued in the US that require California emissions.
1999 – Export of Supra ended in the US, production continued in Japan.
2002 – Production of A80 Supra ended in Japan.
2019 – Fifth generation Supra introduced at the January 2019 North American International Auto Show.

 Sales 

 References 

 External links 

Official website

Intelligence quotient
An intelligence quotient (IQ) is a total score derived from a set of standardised tests or subtests designed to assess human intelligence. The abbreviation "IQ" was coined by the psychologist William Stern for the German term Intelligenzquotient, his term for a scoring method for intelligence tests at University of Breslau he advocated in a 1912 book.Historically, IQ was a score obtained by dividing a person's mental age score, obtained by administering an intelligence test, by the person's chronological age, both expressed in terms of years and months. The resulting fraction (quotient) was multiplied by 100 to obtain the IQ score. For modern IQ tests, the raw score is transformed to a normal distribution with mean 100 and standard deviation 15. This results in approximately two-thirds of the population scoring between IQ 85 and IQ 115 and about 2 percent each above 130 and below 70.Scores from intelligence tests are estimates of intelligence. Unlike, for example, distance and mass, a concrete measure of intelligence cannot be achieved given the abstract nature of the concept of "intelligence". IQ scores have been shown to be associated with such factors as nutrition, parental socioeconomic status, morbidity and mortality, parental social status, and perinatal environment. While the heritability of IQ has been investigated for nearly a century, there is still debate about the significance of heritability estimates and the mechanisms of inheritance.IQ scores are used for educational placement, assessment of intellectual disability, and evaluating job applicants. In research contexts, they have been studied as predictors of job performance and income. They are also used to study distributions of psychometric intelligence in populations and the correlations between it and other variables. Raw scores on IQ tests for many populations have been rising at an average rate that scales to three IQ points per decade since the early 20th century, a phenomenon called the Flynn effect. Investigation of different patterns of increases in subtest scores can also inform current research on human intelligence.

 History 

 Precursors to IQ testing 
Historically, even before IQ tests were devised, there were attempts to classify people into intelligence categories by observing their behavior in daily life. Those other forms of behavioral observation are still important for validating classifications based primarily on IQ test scores. Both intelligence classification by observation of behavior outside the testing room and classification by IQ testing depend on the definition of "intelligence" used in a particular case and on the reliability and error of estimation in the classification procedure.
The English statistician Francis Galton (1822–1911) made the first attempt at creating a standardized test for rating a person's intelligence. A pioneer of psychometrics and the application of statistical methods to the study of human diversity and the study of inheritance of human traits, he believed that intelligence was largely a product of heredity (by which he did not mean genes, although he did develop several pre-Mendelian theories of particulate inheritance). He hypothesized that there should exist a correlation between intelligence and other observable traits such as reflexes, muscle grip, and head size. He set up the first mental testing center in the world in 1882 and he published "Inquiries into Human Faculty and Its Development" in 1883, in which he set out his theories. After gathering data on a variety of physical variables, he was unable to show any such correlation, and he eventually abandoned this research.
French psychologist Alfred Binet, together with Victor Henri and Théodore Simon, had more success in 1905, when they published the Binet–Simon test, which focused on verbal abilities. It was intended to identify "mental retardation" in school children, but in specific contradistinction to claims made by psychiatrists that these children were "sick" (not "slow") and should therefore be removed from school and cared for in asylums. The score on the Binet–Simon scale would reveal the child's mental age. For example, a six-year-old child who passed all the tasks usually passed by six-year-olds—but nothing beyond—would have a mental age that matched his chronological age, 6.0. (Fancher, 1985). Binet thought that intelligence was multifaceted, but came under the control of practical judgment.
In Binet's view, there were limitations with the scale and he stressed what he saw as the remarkable diversity of intelligence and the subsequent need to study it using qualitative, as opposed to quantitative, measures (White, 2000). American psychologist Henry H. Goddard published a translation of it in 1910. American psychologist Lewis Terman at Stanford University revised the Binet–Simon scale, which resulted in the Stanford–Binet Intelligence Scales (1916). It became the most popular test in the United States for decades.

 General factor (g) 

The many different kinds of IQ tests include a wide variety of item content. Some test items are visual, while many are verbal. Test items vary from being based on abstract-reasoning problems to concentrating on arithmetic, vocabulary, or general knowledge.
The British psychologist Charles Spearman in 1904 made the first formal factor analysis of correlations between the tests. He observed that children's school grades across seemingly unrelated school subjects were positively correlated, and reasoned that these correlations reflected the influence of an underlying general mental ability that entered into performance on all kinds of mental tests. He suggested that all mental performance could be conceptualized in terms of a single general ability factor and a large number of narrow task-specific ability factors. Spearman named it g for "general factor" and labeled the specific factors or abilities for specific tasks s. In any collection of test items that make up an IQ test, the score that best measures g is the composite score that has the highest correlations with all the item scores. Typically, the "g-loaded" composite score of an IQ test battery appears to involve a common strength in abstract reasoning across the test's item content.

 United States military selection in World War I 
During World War I, the Army needed a way to evaluate and assign recruits to appropriate tasks. This led to the development of several mental tests by Robert Yerkes, who worked with major hereditarians of American psychometrics—including Terman, Goddard—to write the test. The testing generated controversy and much public debate in the United States. Nonverbal or "performance" tests were developed for those who could not speak English or were suspected of malingering. Based on Goddard's translation of the Binet–Simon test, the tests had an impact in screening men for officer training:

...the tests did have a strong impact in some areas, particularly in screening men for officer training. At the start of the war, the army and national guard maintained nine thousand officers. By the end, two hundred thousand officers presided, and two- thirds of them had started their careers in training camps where the tests were applied. In some camps, no man scoring below C could be considered for officer training.
In total 1.75 million men were tested, making the results the first mass-produced written tests of intelligence, though considered dubious and non-usable, for reasons including high variability of test implementation throughout different camps and questions testing for familiarity with American culture rather than intelligence. After the war, positive publicity promoted by army psychologists helped to make psychology a respected field. Subsequently, there was an increase in jobs and funding in psychology in the United States. Group intelligence tests were developed and became widely used in schools and industry.The results of these tests, which at the time reaffirmed contemporary racism and nationalism, are considered controversial and dubious, having rested on certain contested assumptions: that intelligence was heritable, innate, and could be relegated to a single number, the tests were enacted systematically, and test questions actually tested for innate intelligence rather than subsuming environmental factors. The tests also allowed for the bolstering of jingoist narratives in the context of increased immigration, which may have influenced the passing of the Immigration Restriction Act of 1924.L.L. Thurstone argued for a model of intelligence that included seven unrelated factors (verbal comprehension, word fluency, number facility, spatial visualization, associative memory, perceptual speed, reasoning, and induction). While not widely used, Thurstone's model influenced later theories.David Wechsler produced the first version of his test in 1939. It gradually became more popular and overtook the Stanford–Binet in the 1960s. It has been revised several times, as is common for IQ tests, to incorporate new research. One explanation is that psychologists and educators wanted more information than the single score from the Binet. Wechsler's ten or more subtests provided this. Another is that the Stanford–Binet test reflected mostly verbal abilities, while the Wechsler test also reflected nonverbal abilities. The Stanford–Binet has also been revised several times and is now similar to the Wechsler in several aspects, but the Wechsler continues to be the most popular test in the United States.

 IQ testing and the eugenics movement in the United States 
Eugenics, a set of beliefs and practices aimed at improving the genetic quality of the human population by excluding people and groups judged to be inferior and promoting those judged to be superior, played a significant role in the history and culture of the United States during the Progressive Era, from the late 19th century until US involvement in World War II.The American eugenics movement was rooted in the biological determinist ideas of the British Scientist Sir Francis Galton. In 1883, Galton first used the word eugenics to describe the biological improvement of human genes and the concept of being "well-born". He believed that differences in a person's ability were acquired primarily through genetics and that eugenics could be implemented through selective breeding in order for the human race to improve in its overall quality, therefore allowing for humans to direct their own evolution.Henry H. Goddard was a eugenicist. In 1908, he published his own version, The Binet and Simon Test of Intellectual Capacity, and cordially promoted the test. He quickly extended the use of the scale to the public schools (1913), to immigration (Ellis Island, 1914) and to a court of law (1914).Unlike Galton, who promoted eugenics through selective breeding for positive traits, Goddard went with the US eugenics movement to eliminate "undesirable" traits. Goddard used the term "feeble-minded" to refer to people who did not perform well on the test. He argued that "feeble-mindedness" was caused by heredity, and thus feeble-minded people should be prevented from giving birth, either by institutional isolation or sterilization surgeries. At first, sterilization targeted the disabled, but was later extended to poor people. Goddard's intelligence test was endorsed by the eugenicists to push for laws for forced sterilization. Different states adopted the sterilization laws at different paces. These laws, whose constitutionality was upheld by the Supreme Court in their 1927 ruling Buck v. Bell, forced over 60,000 people to go through sterilization in the United States.California's sterilization program was so effective that the Nazis turned to the government for advice on how to prevent the birth of the "unfit". While the US eugenics movement lost much of its momentum in the 1940s in view of the horrors of Nazi Germany, advocates of eugenics (including Nazi geneticist Otmar Freiherr von Verschuer) continued to work and promote their ideas in the United States. In later decades, some eugenic principles have made a resurgence as a voluntary means of selective reproduction, with some calling them "new eugenics". As it becomes possible to test for and correlate genes with IQ (and its proxies), ethicists and embryonic genetic testing companies are attempting to understand the ways in which the technology can be ethically deployed.

 Cattell–Horn–Carroll theory 

Raymond Cattell (1941) proposed two types of cognitive abilities in a revision of Spearman's concept of general intelligence. Fluid intelligence (Gf) was hypothesized as the ability to solve novel problems by using reasoning, and crystallized intelligence (Gc) was hypothesized as a knowledge-based ability that was very dependent on education and experience. In addition, fluid intelligence was hypothesized to decline with age, while crystallized intelligence was largely resistant to the effects of aging. The theory was almost forgotten, but was revived by his student John L. Horn (1966) who later argued Gf and Gc were only two among several factors, and who eventually identified nine or ten broad abilities. The theory continued to be called Gf-Gc theory.John B. Carroll (1993), after a comprehensive reanalysis of earlier data, proposed the three stratum theory, which is a hierarchical model with three levels. The bottom stratum consists of narrow abilities that are highly specialized (e.g., induction, spelling ability). The second stratum consists of broad abilities. Carroll identified eight second-stratum abilities. Carroll accepted Spearman's concept of general intelligence, for the most part, as a representation of the uppermost, third stratum.In 1999, a merging of the Gf-Gc theory of Cattell and Horn with Carroll's Three-Stratum theory has led to the Cattell–Horn–Carroll theory (CHC Theory), with g as the top of the hierarchy, ten broad abilities below, and further subdivided into seventy narrow abilities on the third stratum. CHC Theory has greatly influenced many of the current broad IQ tests.Modern tests do not necessarily measure all of these broad abilities. For example, quantitative knowledge and reading & writing ability may be seen as measures of school achievement and not IQ. Decision speed may be difficult to measure without special equipment. g was earlier often subdivided into only Gf and Gc, which were thought to correspond to the nonverbal or performance subtests and verbal subtests in earlier versions of the popular Wechsler IQ test. More recent research has shown the situation to be more complex. Modern comprehensive IQ tests do not stop at reporting a single IQ score. Although they still give an overall score, they now also give scores for many of these more restricted abilities, identifying particular strengths and weaknesses of an individual.

 Other theories 
An alternative to standard IQ tests, meant to test the proximal development of children, originated in the writings of psychologist Lev Vygotsky (1896–1934) during his last two years of his life. According to Vygotsky, the maximum level of complexity and difficulty of problems that a child is capable to solve under some guidance indicates their level of potential development. The difference between this level of potential and the lower level of unassisted performance indicates the child's zone of proximal development. Combination of the two indexes—the level of actual and the zone of the proximal development—according to Vygotsky, provides a significantly more informative indicator of psychological development than the assessment of the level of actual development alone. His ideas on the zone of development were later developed in a number of psychological and educational theories and practices, most notably under the banner of dynamic assessment, which seeks to measure developmental potential (for instance, in the work of Reuven Feuerstein and his associates, who has criticized standard IQ testing for its putative assumption or acceptance of "fixed and immutable" characteristics of intelligence or cognitive functioning). Dynamic assessment has been further elaborated in the work of Ann Brown, and John D. Bransford and in theories of multiple intelligences authored by Howard Gardner and Robert Sternberg.J.P. Guilford's Structure of Intellect (1967) model of intelligence used three dimensions, which, when combined, yielded a total of 120 types of intelligence. It was popular in the 1970s and early 1980s, but faded owing to both practical problems and theoretical criticisms.Alexander Luria's earlier work on neuropsychological processes led to the PASS theory (1997). It argued that only looking at one general factor was inadequate for researchers and clinicians who worked with learning disabilities, attention disorders, intellectual disability, and interventions for such disabilities. The PASS model covers four kinds of processes (planning process, attention/arousal process, simultaneous processing, and successive processing). The planning processes involve decision making, problem solving, and performing activities and require goal setting and self-monitoring.
The attention/arousal process involves selectively attending to a particular stimulus, ignoring distractions, and maintaining vigilance. Simultaneous processing involves the integration of stimuli into a group and requires the observation of relationships. Successive processing involves the integration of stimuli into serial order. The planning and attention/arousal components comes from structures located in the frontal lobe, and the simultaneous and successive processes come from structures located in the posterior region of the cortex. It has influenced some recent IQ tests, and been seen as a complement to the Cattell–Horn–Carroll theory described above.

 Current tests 
There are a variety of individually administered IQ tests in use in the English-speaking world. The most commonly used individual IQ test series is the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS) for adults and the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (WISC) for school-age test-takers. Other commonly used individual IQ tests (some of which do not label their standard scores as "IQ" scores) include the current versions of the Stanford–Binet Intelligence Scales, Woodcock–Johnson Tests of Cognitive Abilities, the Kaufman Assessment Battery for Children, the Cognitive Assessment System, and the Differential Ability Scales.
There are various other IQ tests, including:

Raven's Progressive Matrices
Cattell Culture Fair III
Reynolds Intellectual Assessment Scales
Thurstone's Primary Mental Abilities
Kaufman Brief Intelligence Test
Multidimensional Aptitude Battery II
Das–Naglieri cognitive assessment system
Naglieri Nonverbal Ability Test
Wide Range Intelligence TestIQ scales are ordinally scaled. The raw score of the norming sample is usually (rank order) transformed to a normal distribution with mean 100 and standard deviation 15. While one standard deviation is 15 points, and two SDs are 30 points, and so on, this does not imply that mental ability is linearly related to IQ, such that IQ 50 would mean half the cognitive ability of IQ 100. In particular, IQ points are not percentage points.

 Reliability and validity 

 Reliability 
Psychometricians generally regard IQ tests as having high statistical reliability. Reliability represents the measurement consistency of a test. A reliable test produces similar scores upon repetition. On aggregate, IQ tests exhibit high reliability, although test-takers may have varying scores when taking the same test on differing occasions, and may have varying scores when taking different IQ tests at the same age. Like all statistical quantities, any particular estimate of IQ has an associated standard error that measures uncertainty about the estimate. For modern tests, the confidence interval can be approximately 10 points and reported standard error of measurement can be as low as about three points. Reported standard error may be an underestimate, as it does not account for all sources of error.Outside influences such as low motivation or high anxiety can occasionally lower a person's IQ test score. For individuals with very low scores, the 95% confidence interval may be greater than 40 points, potentially complicating the accuracy of diagnoses of intellectual disability. By the same token, high IQ scores are also significantly less reliable than those near to the population median. Reports of IQ scores much higher than 160 are considered dubious.

 Validity as a measure of intelligence 
Reliability and validity are very different concepts. While reliability reflects reproducibility, validity refers to whether the test measures what it purports to measure. While IQ tests are generally considered to measure some forms of intelligence, they may fail to serve as an accurate measure of broader definitions of human intelligence inclusive of, for example, creativity and social intelligence. For this reason, psychologist Wayne Weiten argues that their construct validity must be carefully qualified, and not be overstated. According to Weiten, "IQ tests are valid measures of the kind of intelligence necessary to do well in academic work. But if the purpose is to assess intelligence in a broader sense, the validity of IQ tests is questionable."Some scientists have disputed the value of IQ as a measure of intelligence altogether. In The Mismeasure of Man (1981, expanded edition 1996), evolutionary biologist Stephen Jay Gould compared IQ testing with the now-discredited practice of determining intelligence via craniometry, arguing that both are based on the fallacy of reification, "our tendency to convert abstract concepts into entities". Gould's argument sparked a great deal of debate, and the book is listed as one of Discover Magazine's "25 Greatest Science Books of All Time".Along these same lines, critics such as Keith Stanovich do not dispute the capacity of IQ test scores to predict some kinds of achievement, but argue that basing a concept of intelligence on IQ test scores alone neglects other important aspects of mental ability. Robert Sternberg, another significant critic of IQ as the main measure of human cognitive abilities, argued that reducing the concept of intelligence to the measure of g does not fully account for the different skills and knowledge types that produce success in human society.Despite these objections, clinical psychologists generally regard IQ scores as having sufficient statistical validity for many clinical purposes.

 Test bias or differential item functioning 
Differential item functioning (DIF), sometimes referred to as measurement bias, is a phenomenon when participants from different groups (e.g. gender, race, disability) with the same latent abilities give different answers to specific questions on the same IQ test. DIF analysis measures such specific items on a test alongside measuring participants' latent abilities on other similar questions. A consistent different group response to a specific question among similar types of questions can indicate an effect of DIF. It does not count as differential item functioning if both groups have an equally valid chance of giving different responses to the same questions. Such bias can be a result of culture, educational level and other factors that are independent of group traits. DIF is only considered if test-takers from different groups with the same underlying latent ability level have a different chance of giving specific responses. Such questions are usually removed in order to make the test equally fair for both groups. Common techniques for analyzing DIF are item response theory (IRT) based methods, Mantel-Haenszel, and logistic regression.A 2005 study found that "differential validity in prediction suggests that the WAIS-R test may contain cultural influences that reduce the validity of the WAIS-R as a measure of cognitive ability for Mexican American students," indicating a weaker positive correlation relative to sampled white students. Other recent studies have questioned the culture-fairness of IQ tests when used in South Africa. Standard intelligence tests, such as the Stanford–Binet, are often inappropriate for autistic children; the alternative of using developmental or adaptive skills measures are relatively poor measures of intelligence in autistic children, and may have resulted in incorrect claims that a majority of autistic children are of low intelligence.

 Flynn effect 

Since the early 20th century, raw scores on IQ tests have increased in most parts of the world. When a new version of an IQ test is normed, the standard scoring is set so performance at the population median results in a score of IQ 100. The phenomenon of rising raw score performance means if test-takers are scored by a constant standard scoring rule, IQ test scores have been rising at an average rate of around three IQ points per decade. This phenomenon was named the Flynn effect in the book The Bell Curve after James R. Flynn, the author who did the most to bring this phenomenon to the attention of psychologists.Researchers have been exploring the issue of whether the Flynn effect is equally strong on performance of all kinds of IQ test items, whether the effect may have ended in some developed nations, whether there are social subgroup differences in the effect, and what possible causes of the effect might be. A 2011 textbook, IQ and Human Intelligence, by N. J. Mackintosh, noted the Flynn effect demolishes the fears that IQ would be decreased. He also asks whether it represents a real increase in intelligence beyond IQ scores. A 2011 psychology textbook, lead authored by Harvard Psychologist Professor Daniel Schacter, noted that humans' inherited intelligence could be going down while acquired intelligence goes up.Research has suggested that the Flynn effect has slowed or reversed course in some Western countries beginning in the late 20th century. The phenomenon has been termed the negative Flynn effect. A study of Norwegian military conscripts' test records found that IQ scores have been falling for generations born after the year 1975, and that the underlying cause of both initial increasing and subsequent falling trends appears to be environmental rather than genetic.

 Age 
IQ can change to some degree over the course of childhood. In one longitudinal study, the mean IQ scores of tests at ages 17 and 18 were correlated at r = 0.86 with the mean scores of tests at ages five, six, and seven and at r = 0.96 with the mean scores of tests at ages 11, 12, and 13.For decades, practitioners' handbooks and textbooks on IQ testing have reported IQ declines with age after the beginning of adulthood. However, later researchers pointed out this phenomenon is related to the Flynn effect and is in part a cohort effect rather than a true aging effect. A variety of studies of IQ and aging have been conducted since the norming of the first Wechsler Intelligence Scale drew attention to IQ differences in different age groups of adults. The current consensus is that fluid intelligence generally declines with age after early adulthood, while crystallized intelligence remains intact. Both cohort effects (the birth year of the test-takers) and practice effects (test-takers taking the same form of IQ test more than once) must be controlled to gain accurate data. It is unclear whether any lifestyle intervention can preserve fluid intelligence into older ages.The exact peak age of fluid intelligence or crystallized intelligence remains elusive. Cross-sectional studies usually show that especially fluid intelligence peaks at a relatively young age (often in the early adulthood) while longitudinal data mostly show that intelligence is stable until mid-adulthood or later. Subsequently, intelligence seems to decline slowly.

 Genetics and environment 
Environmental and genetic factors play a role in determining IQ. Their relative importance has been the subject of much research and debate.

 Heritability 

The general figure for the heritability of IQ, according to an American Psychological Association report, is 0.45 for children, and rises to around 0.75 for late adolescents and adults. Heritability measures for g factor in infancy are as low as 0.2, around 0.4 in middle childhood, and as high as 0.9 in adulthood. One proposed explanation is that people with different genes tend to reinforce the effects of those genes, for example by seeking out different environments.

 Shared family environment 
Family members have aspects of environments in common (for example, characteristics of the home). This shared family environment accounts for 0.25–0.35 of the variation in IQ in childhood. By late adolescence, it is quite low (zero in some studies). The effect for several other psychological traits is similar. These studies have not looked at the effects of extreme environments, such as in abusive families.

 Non-shared family environment and environment outside the family 
Although parents treat their children differently, such differential treatment explains only a small amount of nonshared environmental influence. One suggestion is that children react differently to the same environment because of different genes. More likely influences may be the impact of peers and other experiences outside the family.

 Individual genes 
A very large proportion of the over 17,000 human genes are thought to have an effect on the development and functionality of the brain. While a number of individual genes have been reported to be associated with IQ, none have a strong effect. Deary and colleagues (2009) reported that no finding of a strong single gene effect on IQ has been replicated. Recent findings of gene associations with normally varying intellectual differences in adults and children continue to show weak effects for any one gene.A 2017 meta-analysis conducted on approximately 78,000 subjects identified 52 genes associated with intelligence.  FNBP1L is reported to be the single gene most associated with both adult and child intelligence.

 Gene-environment interaction 
David Rowe reported an interaction of genetic effects with socioeconomic status, such that the heritability was high in high-SES families, but much lower in low-SES families. In the US, this has been replicated in infants, children, adolescents, and adults. Outside the US, studies show no link between heritability and SES. Some effects may even reverse sign outside the US.Dickens and Flynn (2001) have argued that genes for high IQ initiate an environment-shaping feedback cycle, with genetic effects causing bright children to seek out more stimulating environments that then further increase their IQ. In Dickens' model, environment effects are modeled as decaying over time. In this model, the Flynn effect can be explained by an increase in environmental stimulation independent of it being sought out by individuals. The authors suggest that programs aiming to increase IQ would be most likely to produce long-term IQ gains if they enduringly raised children's drive to seek out cognitively demanding experiences.

 Interventions 
In general, educational interventions, as those described below, have shown short-term effects on IQ, but long-term follow-up is often missing. For example, in the US, very large intervention programs such as the Head Start Program have not produced lasting gains in IQ scores. Even when students improve their scores on standardized tests, they do not always improve their cognitive abilities, such as memory, attention and speed. More intensive, but much smaller projects, such as the Abecedarian Project, have reported lasting effects, often on socioeconomic status variables, rather than IQ.Recent studies have shown that training in using one's working memory may increase IQ. A study on young adults published in April 2008 by a team from the Universities of Michigan and Bern supports the possibility of the transfer of fluid intelligence from specifically designed working memory training. Further research will be needed to determine nature, extent and duration of the proposed transfer. Among other questions, it remains to be seen whether the results extend to other kinds of fluid intelligence tests than the matrix test used in the study, and if so, whether, after training, fluid intelligence measures retain their correlation with educational and occupational achievement or if the value of fluid intelligence for predicting performance on other tasks changes. It is also unclear whether the training is durable for extended periods of time.

 Music 

Musical training in childhood correlates with higher than average IQ. However, a study of 10,500 twins found no effects on IQ, suggesting that the correlation was caused by genetic confounders. A meta-analysis concluded that "Music training does not reliably enhance children and young adolescents' cognitive or academic skills, and that previous positive findings were probably due to confounding variables."It is popularly thought that listening to classical music raises IQ. However, multiple attempted replications (e.g.) have shown that this is at best a short-term effect (lasting no longer than 10 to 15 minutes), and is not related to IQ-increase.

 Brain anatomy 

Several neurophysiological factors have been correlated with intelligence in humans, including the ratio of brain weight to body weight and the size, shape, and activity level of different parts of the brain. Specific features that may affect IQ include the size and shape of the frontal lobes, the amount of blood and chemical activity in the frontal lobes, the total amount of gray matter in the brain, the overall thickness of the cortex, and the glucose metabolic rate.

 Health 

Health is important in understanding differences in IQ test scores and other measures of cognitive ability. Several factors can lead to significant cognitive impairment, particularly if they occur during pregnancy and childhood when the brain is growing and the blood–brain barrier is less effective. Such impairment may sometimes be permanent, or sometimes be partially or wholly compensated for by later growth.Since about 2010, researchers such as Eppig, Hassel, and MacKenzie have found a very close and consistent link between IQ scores and infectious diseases, especially in the infant and preschool populations and the mothers of these children. They have postulated that fighting infectious diseases strains the child's metabolism and prevents full brain development. Hassel postulated that it is by far the most important factor in determining population IQ. However, they also found that subsequent factors such as good nutrition and regular quality schooling can offset early negative effects to some extent.
Developed nations have implemented several health policies regarding nutrients and toxins known to influence cognitive function. These include laws requiring fortification of certain food products and laws establishing safe levels of pollutants (e.g. lead, mercury, and organochlorides). Improvements in nutrition, and in public policy in general, have been implicated in IQ increases.Cognitive epidemiology is a field of research that examines the associations between intelligence test scores and health. Researchers in the field argue that intelligence measured at an early age is an important predictor of later health and mortality differences.

 Social correlations 

 School performance 
The American Psychological Association's report Intelligence: Knowns and Unknowns states that wherever it has been studied, children with high scores on tests of intelligence tend to learn more of what is taught in school than their lower-scoring peers. The correlation between IQ scores and grades is about .50. This means that the explained variance is 25%. Achieving good grades depends on many factors other than IQ, such as "persistence, interest in school, and willingness to study" (p. 81).It has been found that the correlation of IQ scores with school performance depends on the IQ measurement used. For undergraduate students, the Verbal IQ as measured by WAIS-R has been found to correlate significantly (0.53) with the grade point average (GPA) of the last 60 hours (credits). In contrast, Performance IQ correlation with the same GPA was only 0.22 in the same study.Some measures of educational aptitude correlate highly with IQ tests – for instance, Frey & Detterman (2004) reported a correlation of 0.82 between g (general intelligence factor) and SAT scores; another research found a correlation of 0.81 between g and GCSE scores, with the explained variance ranging "from 58.6% in Mathematics and 48% in English to 18.1% in Art and Design".

 Job performance 
According to Schmidt and Hunter, "for hiring employees without previous experience in the job the most valid predictor of future performance is general mental ability." The validity of IQ as a predictor of job performance is above zero for all work studied to date, but varies with the type of job and across different studies, ranging from 0.2 to 0.6. The correlations were higher when the unreliability of measurement methods was controlled for. While IQ is more strongly correlated with reasoning and less so with motor function, IQ-test scores predict performance ratings in all occupations.That said, for highly qualified activities (research, management) low IQ scores are more likely to be a barrier to adequate performance, whereas for minimally-skilled activities, athletic strength (manual strength, speed, stamina, and coordination) is more likely to influence performance. The prevailing view among academics is that it is largely through the quicker acquisition of job-relevant knowledge that higher IQ mediates job performance. This view has been challenged by Byington & Felps (2010), who argued that "the current applications of IQ-reflective tests allow individuals with high IQ scores to receive greater access to developmental resources, enabling them to acquire additional capabilities over time, and ultimately perform their jobs better."Newer studies find that the effects of IQ on job performance have been greatly overestimated. The current estimates of the correlation between job performance and IQ are about 0.23 correcting for unreliability and range restriction.In establishing a causal direction to the link between IQ and work performance, longitudinal studies by Watkins and others suggest that IQ exerts a causal influence on future academic achievement, whereas academic achievement does not substantially influence future IQ scores. Treena Eileen Rohde and Lee Anne Thompson write that general cognitive ability, but not specific ability scores, predict academic achievement, with the exception that processing speed and spatial ability predict performance on the SAT math beyond the effect of general cognitive ability.However, large-scale longitudinal studies indicate an increase in IQ translates into an increase in performance at all levels of IQ: i.e. ability and job performance are monotonically linked at all IQ levels.

 Income 
It has been suggested that "in economic terms it appears that the IQ score measures something with decreasing marginal value" and it "is important to have enough of it, but having lots and lots does not buy you that much".The link from IQ to wealth is much less strong than that from IQ to job performance. Some studies indicate that IQ is unrelated to net worth. The American Psychological Association's 1995 report Intelligence: Knowns and Unknowns stated that IQ scores accounted for about a quarter of the social status variance and one-sixth of the income variance. Statistical controls for parental SES eliminate about a quarter of this predictive power. Psychometric intelligence appears as only one of a great many factors that influence social outcomes. Charles Murray (1998) showed a more substantial effect of IQ on income independent of family background. In a meta-analysis, Strenze (2006) reviewed much of the literature and estimated the correlation between IQ and income to be about 0.23.Some studies assert that IQ only accounts for (explains) a sixth of the variation in income because many studies are based on young adults, many of whom have not yet reached their peak earning capacity, or even their education. On pg 568 of The g Factor, Arthur Jensen says that although the correlation between IQ and income averages a moderate 0.4 (one-sixth or 16% of the variance), the relationship increases with age, and peaks at middle age when people have reached their maximum career potential. In the book, A Question of Intelligence, Daniel Seligman cites an IQ income correlation of 0.5 (25% of the variance).
A 2002 study further examined the impact of non-IQ factors on income and concluded that an individual's location, inherited wealth, race, and schooling are more important as factors in determining income than IQ.

 Crime 
The American Psychological Association's 1995 report Intelligence: Knowns and Unknowns stated that the correlation between IQ and crime was −0.2. This association is generally regarded as small and prone to disappearance or a substantial reduction after controlling for the proper covariates, being much smaller than typical sociological correlates. It was −0.19 between IQ scores and the number of juvenile offenses in a large Danish sample; with social class controlled for, the correlation dropped to −0.17. A correlation of 0.20 means that the explained variance accounts for 4% of the total variance. The causal links between psychometric ability and social outcomes may be indirect. Children with poor scholastic performance may feel alienated. Consequently, they may be more likely to engage in delinquent behavior, compared to other children who do well.In his book The g Factor (1998), Arthur Jensen cited data which showed that, regardless of race, people with IQs between 70 and 90 have higher crime rates than people with IQs below or above this range, with the peak range being between 80 and 90.
The 2009 Handbook of Crime Correlates stated that reviews have found that around eight IQ points, or 0.5 SD, separate criminals from the general population, especially for persistent serious offenders. It has been suggested that this simply reflects that "only dumb ones get caught" but there is similarly a negative relation between IQ and self-reported offending. That children with conduct disorder have lower IQ than their peers "strongly argues" for the theory.A study of the relationship between US county-level IQ and US county-level crime rates found that higher average IQs were very weakly associated with lower levels of property crime, burglary, larceny rate, motor vehicle theft, violent crime, robbery, and aggravated assault. These results were "not confounded by a measure of concentrated disadvantage that captures the effects of race, poverty, and other social disadvantages of the county." However, this study is limited in that it extrapolated Add Health estimates to the respondent's counties, and as the dataset was not designed to be representative on the state or county level, it may not be generalizable.It has also been shown that the effect of IQ is heavily dependent on socioeconomic status and that it cannot be easily controlled away, with many methodological considerations being at play. Indeed, there is evidence that the small relationship is mediated by well-being, substance abuse, and other confounding factors that prohibit simple causal interpretation. A recent meta-analysis has shown that the relationship is only observed in higher risk populations such as those in poverty without direct effect, but without any causal interpretation. A nationally representative longitudinal study has shown that this relationship is entirely mediated by school performance.

 Health and mortality 
Multiple studies conducted in Scotland have found that higher IQs in early life are associated with lower mortality and morbidity rates later in life.

 Other accomplishments 
There is considerable variation within and overlap among these categories. People with high IQs are found at all levels of education and occupational categories. The biggest difference occurs for low IQs with only an occasional college graduate or professional scoring below 90.

 Group differences 
Among the most controversial issues related to the study of intelligence is the observation that IQ scores vary on average between ethnic and racial groups, though these differences have fluctuated and in many cases steadily decreased over time. While there is little scholarly debate about the continued existence of some of these differences, the current scientific consensus is that they stem from environmental rather than genetic causes. The existence of differences in IQ between the sexes has been debated, and largely depends on which tests are performed.

 Race 
While the concept of "race" is a social construct, discussions of a purported relationship between race and intelligence, as well as claims of genetic differences in intelligence along racial lines, have appeared in both popular science and academic research since the modern concept of race was first introduced. Despite the tremendous amount of research done on the topic, no scientific evidence has emerged that the average IQ scores of different population groups can be attributed to genetic differences between those groups. Growing evidence indicates that environmental factors, not genetic ones, explain the racial IQ gap.A 1996 task force investigation on intelligence sponsored by the American Psychological Association concluded that there were significant variations in IQ across races. However, a systematic analysis by William Dickens and James Flynn (2006) showed the gap between black and white Americans to have closed dramatically during the period between 1972 and 2002, suggesting that, in their words, the "constancy of the Black–White IQ gap is a myth".The problem of determining the causes underlying racial variation has been discussed at length as a classic question of "nature versus nurture", for instance by Alan S. Kaufman and Nathan Brody. Researchers such as statistician Bernie Devlin have argued that there are insufficient data to conclude that the black–white gap is due to genetic influences. Dickens and Flynn argued more positively that their results refute the possibility of a genetic origin, concluding that "the environment has been responsible" for observed differences. A review article published in 2012 by leading scholars on human intelligence reached a similar conclusion, after reviewing the prior research literature, that group differences in IQ are best understood as environmental in origin. More recently, geneticist and neuroscientist Kevin Mitchell has argued, on the basis of basic principles of population genetics, that "systematic genetic differences in intelligence between large, ancient populations" are "inherently and deeply implausible".The effects of stereotype threat have been proposed as an explanation for differences in IQ test performance between racial groups, as have issues related to cultural difference and access to education.

 Sex 

With the advent of the concept of g or general intelligence, many researchers have found that there are no significant sex differences in general intelligence, though ability in particular types of intelligence does vary. Thus, while some test batteries show slightly greater intelligence in males, others show greater intelligence in females. In particular, studies have shown female subjects performing better on tasks related to verbal ability, and males performing better on tasks related to rotation of objects in space, often categorized as spatial ability. These differences remain, as Hunt (2011) observes, "even though men and women are essentially equal in general intelligence".
Some research indicates that male advantages on some cognitive tests are minimized when controlling for socioeconomic factors. Other research has concluded that there is slightly larger variability in male scores in certain areas compared to female scores, which results in slightly more males than females in the top and bottom of the IQ distribution.The existence of differences between male and female performance on math-related tests is contested, and a meta-analysis focusing on average gender differences in math performance found nearly identical performance for boys and girls. Currently, most IQ tests, including popular batteries such as the WAIS and the WISC-R, are constructed so that there are no overall score differences between females and males.

 Public policy 

In the United States, certain public policies and laws regarding military service, education, public benefits, capital punishment, and employment incorporate an individual's IQ into their decisions. However, in the case of Griggs v. Duke Power Co. in 1971, for the purpose of minimizing employment practices that disparately impacted racial minorities, the U.S. Supreme Court banned the use of IQ tests in employment, except when linked to job performance via a job analysis. Internationally, certain public policies, such as improving nutrition and prohibiting neurotoxins, have as one of their goals raising, or preventing a decline in, intelligence.
A diagnosis of intellectual disability is in part based on the results of IQ testing. Borderline intellectual functioning is the categorization of individuals of below-average cognitive ability (an IQ of 71–85), although not as low as those with an intellectual disability (70 or below).
In the United Kingdom, the eleven plus exam which incorporated an intelligence test has been used from 1945 to decide, at eleven years of age, which type of school a child should go to. They have been much less used since the widespread introduction of comprehensive schools.

 Classification 

IQ classification is the practice used by IQ test publishers for designating IQ score ranges into various categories with labels such as "superior" or "average". IQ classification was preceded historically by attempts to classify human beings by general ability based on other forms of behavioral observation. Those other forms of behavioral observation are still important for validating classifications based on IQ tests.

 High-IQ societies 

There are social organizations, some international, which limit membership to people who have scores as high as or higher than the 98th percentile (two standard deviations above the mean) on some IQ test or equivalent. Mensa International is perhaps the best known of these. The largest 99.9th percentile (three standard deviations above the mean) society is the Triple Nine Society.

 See also 
Emotional competence
Emotional intelligence (EI), also known as emotional quotient (EQ) and emotional intelligence quotient (EIQ)
Raven's Progressive Matrices
Stanford–Binet Intelligence Scales
Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale
Woodcock–Johnson Tests of Cognitive Abilities

 Citations 

 General and cited references 

 External links 

Classics in the History of Psychology

McGarvie model
The McGarvie model is a proposition for change to the Australian Constitution to remove references to the monarchy and establish a republic. It is also known as the Australian Democracy Model.
The model was developed by former Governor of Victoria Richard McGarvie and originally submitted to the Republic Advisory Committee in 1993. At the Constitutional Convention of 1998, it was the second most popular model of the four voted upon.
Under the McGarvie model, a Constitutional Council would appoint and dismiss the head of state, the Governor-General. The Constitutional Council would be bound to act in accordance with the Prime Minister's advice by a convention backed by the penalty of public dismissal for breach.
The three members of the Constitutional Council, who can act by majority, are determined automatically by constitutional formula, with places going first to former Governors-General (with priority to the most recently retired), and excess places going (on the same basis) in turn to former state governors, lieutenant-governors (or equivalent), judges of the High Court or judges of the Federal Court.
The tenure of the head of state would be under the same arrangements as the existing practice for the current Governor-General. The head of state would also have the same range of powers as the current Governor-General, but, except for the reserve powers, they could only be exercised on the advice of the Federal Executive Council or a Minister. Otherwise there would be no codification of the constitutional conventions.
The only eligibility requirement for a head of state under the McGarvie model would be Australian citizenship because the process for selecting the head of state is designed to ensure a non-political head of state.
Supporters of the model claim that, although described as "no-risk but uninspiring" and occasionally as "elitist", it has the considerable advantage of being developed by one with experience as a governor and hence a working knowledge of how the system of governorship actually functions in Australia. They claim it is straightforward, easily implemented, demonstrates twin requirements of practicality and principle, and keeps the separation of powers intact.
Legal commentators have remarked that the McGarvie model is broadly consistent with the constitution's existing arrangements under the monarchy and that it requires the least change to constitutional practice. 
Some republicans have been critical of the appointment process in the McGarvie model and argue that a model without any public participation in its selection mechanism would not be successful in any  referendum to change the constitution.

 References 

 External links 
The McGarvie Model

Verwurelter
Verwurelter or verwurrelter, also known as fueskichelcher, is a traditional Luxembourg pastry. The dish is a type of doughnut, and it is most commonly served during the Fuesent carnival season in Luxembourg.

 Composition 
Ingredients include flour, milk, butter, eggs, and yeast. The dough is formed into a knot, deep fried, and topped with powdered sugar or granulated sugar.

 Fuesent 
Fuesent, also known as Fuesecht, is a carnival season similar to Fasching that runs from the beginning of February and continues in some areas through the end of March. It begins the day after the traditional celebration of Liichtmëssdaag, during which children, singing and carrying lanterns, go from door to door to get treats and money.Fuesent includes parades known as "cavalcades"; the first cavalcades were in Diekirch in 1870.

 See also 
Cuisine of Luxembourg
Doughnut Food portal

 References 

Maja Jager
Maja Buskbjerg Jager (born 22 December 1991) is a Danish recurve archer. A two-time competitor at the Olympic Games (2012 and 2020), Jager was the women's individual champion at the 2013 World Archery Championships, an achievement for which she was awarded the Danish Sports Name of the Year prize for 2013. She is also a multiple medalist at the European Games and the European Archery Championships.

 Early and personal life 
Jager was born on 22 December 1991 in Nørre Broby to Jan and Hanne Jager. She was introduced to archery at the age of eight, and in her youth practised in a warehouse in Tilst, a venue procured by her father using his local connections as a fruit grower in the Aarhus region. She was later trained by former Danish Olympic archer Ole Gammelgaard.In 2013 Jager moved to Goesan, South Korea to train under Kim Hyung-Tak, the coach of the Korean archery team at the 1984 Summer Olympics, as part of an agreement between Kim and the Danish Archery Federation. To meet her residency requirements in South Korea she undertook and completed an undergraduate degree in computer system engineering at Jungwon University. Despite a difficult start adapting to her new environment, which she later reflected were the most challenging of her life, Jager graduated from Jungwon University and returned to Denmark in 2018 after five years in South Korea. As of 2019 Jager was enrolled in a postgraduate programme at the Technical University of Denmark.

 Career 

 Early career (2009–2012) 
Jager made her first appearance for the Danish national team at the 2009 Archery World Cup. She later participated in the 2010 European Archery Championships and the 2011 World Archery Championships, where she finished ninth overall in the women's individual competition. The following year she made her Olympic debut at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She and teammates Carina Christiansen and Louise Laursen comprised Denmark's three-person entry for the women's team event, the nation's debut in the discipline. In the preliminary ranking round, which determined the seedings for the subsequent elimination rounds, the trio set a new Danish national record of 1,946 points over the 216-arrow contest, finishing with the eighth seed of the twelve competing nations. Victory over India in the first knockout round saw them advance to the quarter-finals, where they were eliminated by South Korea.

 World Champion (2013) 
In early 2013 Jager relocated to South Korea at the invitation of 1984 Olympic gold medal-winning coach Kim Hyung-Tak, one of two athletes selected by the Danish Archery Federation to undergo full-time training in the country ahead of the 2016 Summer Olympics. Jager spent six months under Kim's instruction before contesting the 2013 World Championships held in Belek, Turkey. She entered the tournament's individual event with an unimpressive record, having failed to progress beyond the last 32 competitors in an international competition since 2011. In the event's preliminary ranking stage Jager achieved a new Danish record for the 144-arrow round, scoring 1,351 points from a maximum of 1,440 to qualify for the subsequent elimination rounds as the eighth seed. Jager proceeded to deliver a surprising run of results in the knock-out rounds, eliminating both Ki Bo-bae and Yun Ok-hee, the World Archery Federation's number one and number two-ranked archers respectively, to enter the final against Xu Jing, who had achieved a silver medal in the women's team event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. After tying on five set points each over the regulation five sets, Jager outshot Xu in the subsequent tiebreaking one-arrow shoot-off, landing her single arrow 1 millimetre (0.039 in) closer to the centre of the target to claim the world championship title.Jager's victory earned her a second medal of the championships, having earlier secured bronze medal in the women's team event with Carina Christiansen and Anne Marie Laursen. Her two medals contributed to Denmark's most successful World Championship performance on record. She afterwards credited her move to South Korea as being key to winning the individual title. For her achievements she was named Danish Sports Name of the Year for 2013 by the Danish Olympic Committee and the Jyllands-Posten newspaper, beating racing driver Tom Kristensen and skeet shooter Jesper Hansen to the accolade. Her title was later credited as popularising the sport of archery in Denmark in the run-up to the 2015 World Championships held in Copenhagen.

 Later career (2014– ) 
Jager combined with Nikolaj Wulff at the 2014 European Archery Championships to win silver in the mixed team recurve event. She later achieved a second silver medal at the European Games the following year as the runner-up to Germany's Karina Winter in the women's individual event. The 2015 World Championships in July however saw her fail to defend both her individual title, losing in the second round by Mexico's Karla Hinojosa, and her team bronze medal, where she and her teammates Carina Christiansen and Natasja Bech failed to attain a high enough rank to qualify for the team elimination rounds. In June 2016 Jager was defeated by Christiansen in the Olympic qualifying tournament, eliminating her from contention for the following month's Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.At the 2018 European Archery Championships Jager finished runner-up in the women's individual event to Turkey's Yasemin Anagoz, who outscored her in a one-arrow shoot-off. Jager combined with Randi Degn and Anne Marie Laursen at the 2019 European Games in June to win bronze in the women's team competition, but was herself knocked out of the women's individual event at the last sixteen stage. That same month Jager secured qualification for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, marking her second appearance at the Games and her country's first in the archery competitions since 2012. The outbreak of the global COVID-19 pandemic would later see the 2020 Olympics postponed until July 2021, and at the rescheduled Games Jager was eliminated by Russia's Ksenia Perova in the second round of the women's individual event.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Maja Jager at the World Archery Federation
Maja Jager at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)

Tichina Vaughn
Tichina Vaughn (born 19 September 1965) is an American operatic dramatic mezzo-soprano active internationally in opera, concert halls and recitals.  Starting at the Lindemann Young Artist Development Program at the Metropolitan Opera, her American career expanded into Europe, as member of the permanent ensembles of the Semperoper in Dresden and the Stuttgart Opera, where she was awarded the title of Kammersängerin in 2006. She has been a regular at the Arena di Verona and other major theaters worldwide, singing a wide repertoire span, with a "voluminous and dark mezzo" voice the dramatic Verdi roles such as Amneris in Aida, Eboli in Don Carlo, Azucena in Il trovatore and Ulrica in Un ballo in maschera, Wagner's Ortrud Lohengrin, Venus Tannhäuser, Fricka Die Walküre, Waltraute in Götterdämmerung and Strauss, Herodias in Salome and Klytemnestra in Elektra. 
According to Opernglas, Vaughn has a natural "great intensity" on stage, with an ample "voice, which flows richly, even in the low registers." The Neue Zürcher Zeitung describes her voice as an "enchanting satisfyingly rich mezzosoprano".Bernard Holland of The New York Times called hers "A voice of quality", which had "the presence and personality that might well fit the Met... a mezzo-soprano whose strong upper register gave hints of a dramatic soprano to come".

 Early life and education 
Born in Baltimore, Maryland to Lucinda Vaughn, a single mother, Tichina Vaughn was raised in Winston-Salem, NC where she began singing at 6 years old in the Tots Choir at Shiloh Baptist Church. She studied the clarinet and played in concert and marching bands. At Northside High School for the Performing Arts (currently North Atlanta High School) she began performing as featured singer with the Touring Company graduating in May 1983.
In September 1983 Vaughn began formal vocal study with the mezzo-soprano Florence Kopleff at Georgia State University.
In January 1985, Vaughn studied at the University of North Carolina school of the Arts (now UNCSA) under Prof. Fredric Moses. Vaughn also attended the American Institute of Musical Studies in Graz, Austria, where she was a finalist in the Meistersinger Competition in 1987. She earned her bachelor's degree in Vocal Performance from UNCSA in 1989 and was engaged at Wolf Trap Opera as a Filene Artist in the summers of 1989 and 1990.

 American career 
She began her professional career as a member of The Lindemann Young Artist Development Program at the Metropolitan Opera after winning The Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in April 1989. She made her stage debut at the Met in 1990 as a member of the Young Artist Program singing under Nello Santi, John Fiore and James Levine.
Vaughn's first leading role was Amneris in Verdi's Aida at the Seattle Opera in 1992. This success prompted invitations for Aida from Detroit Opera (1993), Opera Pacific (1995), Tulsa Opera (1997), and Hong Kong Opera Society (1997), and established her as a young Verdi mezzo-soprano. Additional Verdian leading roles in the early years included Princess Eboli in Don Carlos in Seattle (1993), and the Requiem in Santiago, Chile (1992), Buenos Aires (1992), and San Antonio Symphony (1993).

 International career 
Since the late 1990s Vaughn has worked internationally. Singing mostly mainstream Italian repertoire, Vaughn added numerous roles in German. Boris Gruhl wrote of her Klytemnestra in Elektra, "The manner in which she expresses (Klytemnestra's) nightmares is deeply harrowing. She has the right timbre for the tragedy of the guilty queen, and her scenes of desperate loneliness make her a tragic partner for Elektra." Vaughn's Venus in Tannhäuser at the Hamburg State Opera "bewitched her minstrel with her charmingly sensual, powerful mezzo and her personal charisma. Even in her short appearance in the third act, one could feel the presence of her strong personality." Her "superbly dramatic Herodias" in Salome became a signature role in Stuttgart, Frankfurt and Dresden.
From 1998 to 2006 Tichina Vaughn was principal artist in the ensemble of the Staatsoper Stuttgart where she made her European debut as Mrs. Quickly in Verdi's Falstaff in August 1996 and was awarded the title of Kammersängerin in 2006. Roles performed included Azucena in Verdi's Il Trovatore conducted by Nicola Luisotti, and Arnalta in Monteverdi's L'incoronazione di Poppea conducted by Nicholas Kok, Eboli in Verdi' Don Carlo, Widow Begbick in Weill's Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny, Venus in Tannhäuser, Giulietta in Offenbach's The Tales of Hoffmann, Fricka in Wagner's Die Walküre, Waltraute in Götterdämmerung and Erda in Das Rheingold and Siegfried. Her discography in Stuttgart includes the Stuttgart Opera Ring cycle filmed for DVD distribution by Euro Arts and recorded for Naxos.
From 2010 to 2018 Vaughn was a principal artist in the ensemble of the Semperoper where she was heard as Azucena conducted by Daniel Oren, Venus conducted by Asher Fisch, Ortrud in Wagner's Lohengrin, Herodias, Eboli, Jezibaba in Stefan Herheim's production of Rusalka, Orlofsky in Die Fledermaus by Johann Strauss, Isabella in Rossini's L'Italiana in Algeri, Suzuki in Puccini's Madama Butterfly, Grand Vestale in La Vestale conducted by Gabriele Ferro, Cornelia in Handel's Giulio Cesare, the Mother in Il Prigioniero, Brigitta in Korngold's Die Tote Stadt among others.

She made her Arena di Verona debut as Amneris in 2003 and returned there in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2010, and 2012 working with conductors Marco Armiliato, Placido Domingo, Daniel Oren, Vjekoslav Šutej and Piergiorgio Morandi.
She has sung Ulrica in Verdi's Un ballo in maschera in many world stages, notably at the San Francisco Opera, and Graz Opera. Teatro Massimo Palermo, Ancona, Verona and Dresden.
Vaughn's "full-blooded Azucena" in Il Trovatorein a Stuttgart performance,
"with her room-filling presence, her vocal flexibility and vibrant top is a powerful representation of this role." She appeared as Azucena at the Greek National Opera, Hungarian National Opera, Sacramento Opera, Teatro Verdi Trieste, and Teatro Carlo Felice.
Vaughn sang three roles, Serena, Maria and Lily, in Gershwin's Porgy and Bess, at the Metropolitan Opera with James Levine, the Kennedy Center with Bobby McFerrin, and the English National Opera, Teatro alla Scala, Bregenzer Festspiele, Miscolc Festival, Ravinia Festival, Opera Carolina, Chicago Symphony Orchestra and the Dutch National Opera where she also created the role of 'Mother of Aida' in Micha Hamels Caruso in Cuba.
Other appearances as a guest artist were at the Los Angeles Opera (Frugola in Puccini's Il Tabarro with James Conlon), Finnish National Opera,  The Israeli Opera (Verdi Requiem), Korea National Opera (Mrs. Quickly in Verdi's Falstaff), and Oper Frankfurt.

 Concert 
Major concerts include appearances in Santiago de Chile (Verdi Requiem), Atlanta Symphony orchestra,
American Symphony,
NDR,Teatro Petruzzelli Bari (Aleksander Nevsky) under Julian Kovachev, 
Berliner Festspiele,
Elbphilharmonie Hamburg, 
the Taipei Symphony under Roberto Abbado, and the Kennedy Center (Missa Solemnis), 
She frequently performs Lieder and other recitals with partners such as Maris Skuja, Wolfgang Heinz, Lars Jönsson, Nicola Luisotti,  and Eytan Pessen  at the piano. Vaughn is also a versatile Jazz and gospel performer.

 Personal life 
In December 1992 Vaughn married singer Derrick Lawrence. Their union produced two children and ended in divorce in December 2007. In 2015 Vaughn was chosen as 'Role Model Beyond Beauty' by OTC beauty magazine, highlighting "women of color who have made significant advances in their careers and who have given back to their communities." Her portrait by Leo Rucker, commissioned by OTC, was part of an exhibition in Winston-Salem, NC and other places. Vaughn has received awards from the Metropolitan Opera National Council, the Richard Tucker Foundation the Opera Index Vocal Competition, Licia Albanese Puccini Foundation, Robert M. Jacobson grants, Heritage Foundation Award, the Foundation Award of the Birgit Nilsson Foundation, and the Consul General's Award for Cultural Diplomacy from the Consulate General Milan.
Vaughn is active as a singing teacher and regularly gives masterclasses in Europe and the United States, including Dresden, Stuttgart, the Metropolitan Opera New York City and North Carolina.

 Recordings (audio) 
2005 Christmas at My House, Lars Jönsson Piano. Bauer Studios, Animato (LC 05187) ACD 6085
2006 Stuttgarter Ring Cycle, Naxos
2012 Schwanda, der Dudelsackpfeifer Semperoper Edition Vol.8
2019 Porgy and Bess, Metropolitan Opera

 Video 
Puccini  Il Tabarro
Wagner: Die Walküre (Lothar Zagrosek, Christof Nel)
Film: Directed by Susheel Bibbs, Voices for freedom, The Hyer's sisters legacy, The heritage foundation.

 Repertoire (Opera) 

 Repertoire (Oratorio) 

 Interviews and newspaper articles 
Sächsische Zeitung July 7, 2020, "Eine Opernstimme gegen Rassismus" Interview about Black lives matter, living in Dresden (in German)
Sächsische Zeitung, December 2, 2016, Interview with Bernd Klempnow
Stuttgart Kultur Kaffee 2002
Stuttgarter Zeitung
The Crisis
Orpheus Magazine (in German) Tichina Vaughn - Vielseitig uns auf dem Weg nach Oben(picture on cover and interview)
ZDF Aspekte Interview in German, with Jo Schück from ZDF Aspekte
Seattle Opera Blog, May 14, 2014, Discussion about the situation in Dresden since the Pegida Movement.
Classical Singers Magazine, November 1, 2006,  Center Stage Interview, Tichina Vaughn, Mezzo Soprano

 YouTube links 
Azucena in Verdi's Il Trovatore (Genova)
Waltraute in Wagner's Götterdämmerung
Ives, Serenity, Mozartsaal Stuttgart, Eytan Pessen Piano
Sweet little Jesus boy
Metropolitan Opera Interview

 References 

 External links 
Literature by and about Tichina Vaughn in the German National Library catalogue
Official website
Tichina Vaughn discography at Discogs
Tichina Vaughn, mezzo Operabase

Jimmy Keene
James Keene is an American author, writer, executive film producer, and businessman.  
He has written three novels about his experience and his life. In 2022 he released his second book, Black Bird: One Man's Freedom Hides in Another Man's Darkness. It was adapted into the Apple TV+ series Black Bird in 2022, on which he acted as executive producer.

 Early life 
Keene was born on New Year's Eve in Kankakee, Illinois, an exurb of Chicago, to James “Big Jim” Keene and Lynn Keene. Big Jim was a decorated police officer, and Lynn Keene owned a restaurant.Keene attended Kankakee Eastridge High School and then Triton College, where he played football and wrestled and was team captain in both sports. Keene was also a standout lettering in track and field. He ended up at the University of Arizona where he earned another degree.Keene became involved in the marijuana business as a teenager. He was charged in 1996 by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) on a conspiracy charge. Prior to his sentencing, Keene refused and declined any cooperating deals that would require him to act as an informant against anyone. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison.

 FBI operative 

Keene was a former operative for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) who worked to gather incriminating evidence on suspected serial killer Larry Hall. Approximately seven months into Keene’s sentence, the FBI and U.S. Attorney Beaumont approached him with an arrangement that would allow Keene to regain his freedom and have a fresh start with a clean record.The redemptive plan involved him being recruited and working as a post-trial FBI operative that would transfer to the Medical Center for Federal Prisoners (MCFP). Keene was tasked with befriending Larry Hall, a man suspected of raping and murdering dozens of young women between 1980 and 1994. Law enforcement had only found the remains of one of Hall's victims, 15-year-old Jessica Roach. Hall confessed to the murder, but prosecutors lacked strong physical evidence for the case. After Hall retracted his confession and his attorneys filed an appeal, the FBI feared Hall's possible release was imminent. However, if Keene succeeded in obtaining new incriminating evidence about Hall while in MCFP, the U.S. Attorney and FBI agreed to end Keene's sentence and completely expunge his record.Keene’s FBI contacts arranged a secret cover for Keene, who then successfully transferred to the MCFP and earned Hall’s trust. Hall admitted to specific details about many of his crimes and murders in graphic details to Keene that no one but the killer could have known. On one occasion, Keene witnessed Hall with a map that appeared to show the locations of his victims’ remains, and Keene reported the information to his FBI contacts.The U.S. Attorney and FBI rewarded Keene’s efforts in 1996 with early release and a completely clean record. Based on the new evidence Keene uncovered, Larry Hall's appeal was denied. Hall remains in prison and has confessed to over twenty murders during his incarceration. He is serving a life sentence without parole in Butner, North Carolina.

 Apple series 
In 2008 Paramount Motion Pictures, alongside GK-Films, purchased Keene's story and life rights to make a feature motion picture film at Paramount. Brad Pitt was attached to play the lead role as James "Jimmy" Keene, and Pitt’s production company Plan B was set to produce alongside Paramount and GK-Films. Apple TV eventually purchased Keene's story and life rights from Paramount for the miniseries Black Bird with Taron Egerton as Keene and Paul Walter Hauser as the serial killer Larry Hall.In 2022, Apple TV+ released Black Bird. Keene was executive producer on the project and had a cameo appearance in the final episode. Black Bird was nominated for three Golden Globe awards at the 80th Golden Globes Awards. Black Bird was nominated for Best Limited Anthology series or Limited Movie Series or Television Film series as well as Best Actor in a limited movie series (Taron Egerton).In 2023, Apple TV's Black Bird was nominated for two critic's choice awards. The critic's choice award was won by Paul Walter Hauser. 
On July 12, 2023, the nominations for the 75th Emmys were announced. Apple TV's Black Bird received four Emmy nominations.  
On January 15th, 2024, at the 75th Emmy awards Apple TV's Black Bird won two Emmys. 

 Books 
In 2010, Keene released an autobiographical account of his time working as an FBI operative helping to secure the conviction of serial killer Larry Hall. His book is titled In with the Devil: A Fallen Hero, a Serial Killer, and a Dangerous Bargain for Redemption. In 2022, James Keene released his second book titled Black Bird: One Man's Freedom Hides in Another Man's Darkness. In 2023, James Keene released his third book, titled The Chicago Phoenix: Jimmy Keene's Untold Story, which is the follow-up to Black Bird and relates to Keene's early years in Chicago and gives further details about his unique FBI life and the surrounding events in MCFP and where his life has taken him to today.

 References 

Georgia Dome
The Georgia Dome was a domed stadium in the Southeastern United States.  Located in Atlanta between downtown to the east and Vine City to the west, it was owned and operated by the State of Georgia as part of the Georgia World Congress Center Authority. Its successor, Mercedes-Benz Stadium, was built adjacent to the south and opened on August 26, 2017. The Georgia Dome was demolished on November 20, 2017.The Georgia Dome was the home stadium for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL) and the Georgia State University Panthers football team. It hosted two Super Bowls (XXVIII and XXXIV), 25 editions of the Peach Bowl (January 1993–December 2016) and 23 SEC Championship Games (1994−2016). In addition, the Georgia Dome also hosted several soccer matches since 2009 with attendances over 50,000. In its 25 years of operation, the Georgia Dome hosted over 1,400 events attended by over 37 million people. The Georgia Dome was the only stadium in the United States to host the Olympics, Super Bowl and Final Four.At its debut in 1992, the Georgia Dome was the second-largest covered stadium in the world by capacity, behind the Pontiac Silverdome; it was also surpassed by AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, and Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, Wales.

 History 

 Facility information 
The Georgia Dome was completed in 1992 at a cost of $214 million, making it one of the largest state-funded construction projects in Georgia history. The stadium seated 71,228 for football, approximately 80,000 for concerts, and 71,000 for basketball when the stadium fully opened and 40,000 for basketball and gymnastics when the stadium was sectioned off (one half closed off by a large curtain). For most Georgia State football games, the dome was configured with 28,155 seats, with tickets for only the bulk of the lower level and the club-level seats on sale. The record for overall attendance at the Georgia Dome came during a college football game, with 80,892 at the SEC Championship Game in 2008.The Dome had 5,740 club seats and 171 luxury boxes. The executives suites fit 16-24 people, while eight super-suites added in 2007 were capable of accommodating 57-96 guests. There were also four restaurants/bars. There were 12 escalators and 9 elevators.The structure was located on 9.19 acres (3.72 hectares) of land; the Dome had a height of 271 ft (83 m), a structure length of 746 ft (227 m), a structure width of 607 ft (185 m), and a total floor area of 102,150 square feet (9,490 m2). The stadium was the largest cable-supported dome in the world. Its roof was made of teflon-coated fiberglass fabric and had an area of 374,584 square feet (34,800 m2). From its completion until the December 31, 1999 opening of the 20-acre (8.09-hectare) Millennium Dome in London, it was the largest hooked domed structure of any type in the world.  Matt Hartley Lighting, LLC designed the lighting for the concourse of the Georgia Dome.

 Surface 
The Georgia Dome originally used AstroTurf artificial surface for its football events. In 2003, Arthur Blank, the new owner of Atlanta Falcons, funded the installation of the new infilled FieldTurf artificial surface system.

 Renovations 
In 2006, the Atlanta Falcons and the Georgia World Congress Center Authority announced a $300 million renovation to the Georgia Dome. The project was separated into two stages. The first stage, which took place before the 2007 NFL season, focused on updating the premium seating areas, including the creation of eight 'super-suites' as well as an owners' club, most of them now incorporating new plasma TVs. In 2008, the exterior of the stadium was repainted, replacing the original teal and maroon color scheme with a red, black, and silver theme to match the Falcons' team colors; the stadium's original teal seats were replaced with red seats in the lower and upper levels and black seats in the middle level. The entrance gates and concourses were also renovated and updated before the 2008 football season. In 2009, the video screens in both end zones were relocated to a new exterior monument sign on Northside Drive. The interior end zones each received a new and considerably wider HD video screen that significantly enhanced views of replays, as well as graphics and digital presentations. A new sound system was installed in the same year, replacing the previous system that was nearly 20 years old.
In 2008, the Georgia Dome started showing safety videos before games, presented by Deltalina, flight attendant "mascot" of Delta Air Lines. The videos satirize Delta's massively popular "Deltalina" inflight safety videos. The videos' theme was "Delta Safety First".

 Major weather-related issues 
Three years after the completion of the Dome, the integrity of its roof became an issue. During a Falcons pre-season game in August 1995, a severe rainstorm caused water to pool on the fabric, tearing part of the material, and causing a section of the roof to fall into the stadium. The storm was intense enough that the roof panels could be seen moving during the game, and the water and roof material later fell with enough force to smash seats in the upper decks and knock holes in concrete floors. The collapse occurred after fans left the stadium, and no one was injured during the incident. The roof was eventually repaired in a way that prevented similar incidents from occurring in the future.In the 2008 Atlanta tornado outbreak on March 14, 2008, during the 2008 SEC men's basketball tournament, a tornado ripped two holes in the dome during the Alabama–Mississippi State quarterfinal game, delaying the game for about an hour. The quarterfinal game to follow between the Kentucky Wildcats and Georgia Bulldogs was postponed until the following day. The resulting damage forced the rest of the tournament to be moved to the Alexander Memorial Coliseum, now known as McCamish Pavilion, at Georgia Tech.

 Final years and replacement 

In 2010, the Georgia World Congress Center Authority announced plans for a new stadium just south of the Georgia Dome. At the time, the Georgia Dome had just completed a major update and was still relatively young. The Dome had been designed specifically for football while a handful of NFL teams still made do with multi-purpose stadiums shared with MLB teams; plus, the Dome had plenty of luxury suites and premium seating which were important revenue-generating features lacking other older venues which made them obsolete. Lastly, the new stadium was located directly adjacent to the Georgia Dome (in contrast to older multi-purpose stadiums, whose suburban locale did not match up with a team's fanbase). Nonetheless, sports economist Rod Fort noted that pro sports team owners "thought they could get away with demanding new" stadiums every year with public money; plus, the Falcons did not have control of the Dome nor the profits, which made them less competitive than other teams that owned state-of-the-art facilities. In addition, Arthur Blank "wanted a state-of-the-art facility for his NFL and MLS teams and was willing to pitch in a huge amount of money to make it happen", as well as wanting to host another Super Bowl. Also with the Atlanta climate the Falcons long desired to play outdoors in either an open-air stadium or retractable roof stadium rather than inside a dome. At the time it was planned to retain the Georgia Dome to continue hosting non-NFL events.In justifying the need for a new venue, Falcons CEO and president Rich McKay said that the Georgia Dome "was a really functional building that served its purpose very well. We did not want to build a better Georgia Dome. That was not the object. If we would have done that, we would have renovated the Georgia Dome. We really wanted to change the game and do it for a long, long time." Stadium general manager Scott Jenkins described the new stadium's advantages over the Dome, saying "The LED displays we have, whether it's every seat is two-inches wider than the Georgia Dome, almost all the concourses connect so you can circumnavigate the building, you don't get cut-off. You can move vertically throughout the building, we have really wide staircases, we have twice the elevators, twice the escalators compared to the Georgia Dome". McKay said of it, "The architecture, I think, speaks for itself. I hope the first time you're in it, yeah, you're wowed by the architecture, but more wowed by the fan experience." SB Nation noted that while the "Georgia Dome did its job for 24 years...it wasn't anything special. That's not the case with [the Mercedes-Benz Stadium]. Walking up to it feels like you're approaching a darn spaceship".The new stadium, which would be known as Mercedes-Benz Stadium, received approval from the city of Atlanta, Fulton County, and Georgia state governments in 2013. Construction commenced and ground was broken in 2014.
The Falcons' final game in the Dome was the 2016 NFC Championship Game on January 22, 2017, with a 44–21 victory over the Green Bay Packers, that sent the Falcons to their second Super Bowl appearance in franchise history. The stadium's final public event took place on March 4 and 5, 2017, with back-to-back Monster Jam shows.

 Demolition 
Shortly after the Georgia Dome's closing, a group presented a petition to the governor's office to save the stadium from demolition, arguing that it was still in good condition and that its loss would be wasteful. While the Falcons initially sought an open-air stadium to complement the Georgia Dome, GWCCA officials ultimately concluded that maintaining two 70,000-seat stadiums was not financially feasible, and the Georgia Dome's fate was already sealed when Mercedes-Benz Stadium was approved in 2013.Demolition of the Georgia Dome was intended to begin shortly after the stadium's final event; however, due to construction delays caused by the complexity of Mercedes-Benz Stadium's eight-panel retractable roof, demolition of the Georgia Dome was postponed until the new stadium's certificate of occupancy could be issued. GWCCA officials stated that the Georgia Dome would remain nominally operational until Mercedes-Benz Stadium was ready; however, the Dome's artificial turf had been removed and its offices vacated prior to the announcement of the new stadium's delay.On June 9, 2017, Steve Cannon, CEO of the Falcons' parent company AMB Group, stated that construction officials were confident that Mercedes-Benz Stadium would be ready in time for the Falcons' first preseason game, and the process of decommissioning the Georgia Dome had resumed, with the Dome scheduled for implosion on November 20, 2017, at 7:30 am EST.In July 2017, GWCCA officials removed equipment they intend to reuse either at Mercedes-Benz Stadium or elsewhere on the GWCC campus while other equipment was liquidated by sealed bids. Most of the seats in the lower and middle bowls were sold in bulk to high schools and colleges while pairs were sold to individuals; most of the upper bowl seats were recycled. The stadium's lower bowl and loading docks were demolished by mid-August. From September 16 to 30, 2017, memorabilia from the Georgia Dome was sold in an online auction format by Schneider Industries.

Demolition officials from Adamo Demolition, the company contracted for the job, stated that the pressure from the implosion needed to go up from the roof and not out through the sides to ensure that Mercedes-Benz Stadium and other nearby buildings were not damaged during the demolition; to protect nearby structures, construction felt was placed over the four corners of the Dome, and a 70 foot (21 m) tall fence covered in the same material was erected between the Dome and Mercedes-Benz Stadium. To ensure that the roof fell in place during the implosion, parts of the concrete ring supporting the roof had been chipped away and ventilation holes were cut into the roof fabric. 4,800 pounds (2,200 kg) of explosives were used to bring the Dome down within 12 seconds.
Due to the large exclusion zone required for the demolition, no public viewing areas were made available; additionally, Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority officials announced that rail service west of the Five Points station would be suspended on the day of demolition until MARTA safety inspectors certified that the tunnels which run below the Dome site were safe for trains to operate. GWCCA officials stated that the implosion would be broadcast live by WSB-TV as well as livestreamed on the official websites of the Falcons, Atlanta United FC, and Mercedes-Benz Stadium. Live coverage of the implosion on the Weather Channel was blocked at the last moment by a MARTA bus that stopped in front of the camera just seconds before the implosion.While the implosion was considered successful with the roof and a majority of the structure felled, the eastern wall and the northwest gate of the Dome were left standing after the implosion. Although the Dome's proximity to adjacent structures was a major concern, with Mercedes-Benz Stadium only 83 feet (25 m) away from the Dome, demolition officials stated that bringing the roof down was the biggest challenge due to its unique design. The Georgia World Congress Center and Mercedes-Benz Stadium were undamaged during the first implosion, although the new stadium did receive a heavy dusting. Initially, demolition officials stated that the two remaining sections would be brought down manually with hydraulic excavators; however, after inspections determined that the explosive charges did not detonate, a supplementary implosion took place on the morning of December 20 at 1:00 am EST. A window at one of the GWCC buildings was shattered during the second implosion but was quickly replaced.Following the implosion, most of the concrete from the Georgia Dome remained on site, crushed into smaller pieces to be used as infill material while steel and other materials were separated and recycled. Most of the Georgia Dome site became greenspace for tailgating at Mercedes-Benz Stadium and other community events. On April 21, 2017, GWCCA officials announced that The Home Depot acquired the naming rights to the 13-acre (53,000 m2) park prior to its construction, adopting the name of "The Home Depot Backyard". Cleanup of debris from the Georgia Dome site was completed by late February 2018 with construction of the Home Depot Backyard beginning shortly thereafter; the new park officially opened on September 11, 2018. Ground was broken for a new high-rise convention center hotel on May 19, 2021; the new hotel will be located between the Home Depot Backyard and GWCC Building C, and will be the first newly constructed hotel for Hilton's Signia brand. The new hotel is projected to open in January 2024.A historical marker erected by the GWCCA and the Georgia Historical Society commemorating the Georgia Dome's legacy was dedicated on September 6, 2018.

 Events hosted 

 Football 
The Dome was home to the NFL's Atlanta Falcons. The stadium also hosted Super Bowl XXVIII in 1994 and Super Bowl XXXIV in 2000. The Falcons didn't qualify for the playoffs both times that the Dome hosted the Super Bowl; despite a 14–2 regular season in 1998 which was capped off with a Super Bowl appearance, the Falcons slumped to a 5–11 record in 1999.  The final NFL Game at the Georgia Dome was the 2016 NFC Championship between the Falcons and the Green Bay Packers, with the Falcons winning 44–21 to advance to their second Super Bowl in franchise history.
The Dome was also the annual host (since 1998) to FCS Classic football game between Florida A&M Rattlers and another HBCU opponent (Southern Jaguars in 2011 and Tennessee State Tigers in prior years), and the annual host to the Southeastern Conference Football Championship Game and the Chick-fil-A Bowl (also known as the Peach Bowl) post-season college football games. From 2015 to 2016, the Dome hosted the Celebration Bowl, the annual post-season bowl match up between the MEAC and SWAC. On January 2, 2006, the Georgia Dome hosted the Nokia Sugar Bowl, between the University of Georgia and West Virginia University. The game was held in Atlanta, Georgia, since the game's usual venue, the Louisiana Superdome, was unable host due to damage caused by Hurricane Katrina.From the program's inception in 2010 until 2016, the stadium was home of the NCAA Division I Georgia State Panthers of Georgia State University. Subsequently, with the Dome's impending closure, the university acquired the Atlanta Braves' former Turner Field baseball park and renovated it to Georgia State Stadium for college football.
The Georgia Dome also annually hosted the Georgia High School Association (GHSA) football semi-finals until 2007 and hosted the football state championships from 2008 to 2016.

 Basketball 
The Georgia Dome hosted the NCAA Final Four Men's Basketball National Championship in 2002, 2007, and 2013, along with regional semi-finals and finals in 2001, 2004, 2006 and 2012 and NCAA Women's Final Four in 2003. The SEC men's basketball tournament has been held at the Georgia Dome during 10 seasons, most recently in 2014. The ACC men's basketball tournament has been held at the Georgia Dome on two occasions, in 2001 and 2009.  The NCAA Division I Basketball's Champions Classic was held at the dome in 2012.
It was also one of two homes, along with the facility then known as Alexander Memorial Coliseum, for the NBA's Atlanta Hawks during the construction of State Farm Arena from 1997 to 1999 on the site of the former Omni Coliseum. While playing at the Georgia Dome on March 27, 1998, the Atlanta Hawks set a then-NBA single-game attendance record with 62,046 fans against Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls.

 Olympics 
For the 1996 Summer Olympics, one half of the arena hosted the basketball competitions (including final) while the other half hosted the artistic gymnastics events and team handball (men's final).

 Soccer 
The Georgia Dome held a number of international soccer matches. On June 24, 2009, the Dome hosted its first ever soccer match between Mexico and Venezuela in front of 51,115 fans, with grass laid over the FieldTurf. On February 9, 2011, Mexico and Bosnia and Herzegovina played a friendly match in front of 50,507 fans. On July 20, 2013, the Dome hosted two quarter-final match-ups of the 2013 Gold Cup—Panama vs. Cuba and Mexico vs. Trinidad & Tobago—in front of 54,229 fans.The stadium was an official candidate venue for hosting matches as part of the United States' bid for the 2022 FIFA World Cup, but Qatar was selected to host the tournament.

 Other Events 
The Georgia Dome was also a prominent stop for many music acts including Alabama, Guns N' Roses, U2, KISS, The Rolling Stones, Elton John, Billy Joel, Taylor Swift, Chuck Berry, Smash Mouth, The Beach Boys, Kid Rock, Phil Collins, Backstreet Boys, Korn, Metallica, Skillet, Beyoncé, and  many more. It was also home to the video game convention E3 from 1997 to 1998.
In 1998, Gaither Homecoming hosted two Homecoming concerts, Atlanta Homecoming and All Day Singin' At The Dome.

 Drum Corps International 
The stadium also hosted the Drum Corps International (DCI) Southeastern Championship from 2006 to 2016. The inaugural event featured 22 drum corps in the old fashioned Prelims/Finals one-day format. During the competition, the stadium was the first, and only indoor rain delay, when an upper deck rain gutter leaked inside the stadium. The 2006 competition was won by The Cavaliers, becoming the first of only four corps to win in the 11 years the stadium hosted the event.
From 2007 to 2014, the Blue Devils would win an unprecedented 8 straight victories at the annual Southeastern Championship. The win streak would be snapped in 2015 by Carolina Crown with its fan-favorite production of "Inferno"
With the announcement of the Mercedes-Benz Stadium to be opened in the summer of 2017, the 2016 tour season would be the last hurrah inside the dome. Though the 2016 season would be the last in the dome, it would prove to be a historical one at that, with the Bluecoats powering their way to the top to win the last competition in the stadium, bringing the corps' first Southeast Championship and later on their first DCI World Championship Title.
While the 2017 show was scheduled to be in the new Mercedes-Benz Stadium, construction delays would make the venue not ready for the July 29 event, which would find a temporary home at McEachern High School in Powder Springs. DCI hosted the 2018 and 2019 Southeast Championships at the new stadium.

 Wrestling 
The Georgia Dome hosted WrestleMania XXVII on April 3, 2011, as well as WrestleMania Axxess in the Georgia World Congress Center; WrestleMania XXVII was the last WWE event held in the Georgia Dome.
WCW Monday Nitro was hosted in the Georgia Dome twice in 1998 and twice again in 1999; WWE Monday Night Raw was hosted 4 times in the stadium between 1999 and 2001.

 See also 
Tension fabric building
Tensile structure

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Georgia Dome at StadiumDB.com
Georgia Dome at Structurae

Feleipe Franks
Feleipe Franks (born December 22, 1997) is an American football tight end for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played his first two years of college football at Florida and transferred to Arkansas for his final season. Franks joined the Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2021.

 Early years 
Franks attended Wakulla High School in Crawfordville, Florida. During his high school career he passed for 6,867 yards and 81 touchdowns. Franks was regarded as a four-star recruit by the major recruiting services, and was rated as the fifth-highest ranked pro-style quarterback and 54th-highest ranked prospect overall in the 247Sports Composite. He originally committed to Louisiana State University (LSU) to play college football on June 1, 2014, but switched his commitment to the University of Florida on November 29, 2015.

 College career 

 Florida 
Franks redshirted his first year at Florida in 2016. As a redshirt freshman in 2017, he was named the starting quarterback heading into Florida's season opener against Michigan, beating out 2016 starter Luke Del Rio and incoming Notre Dame transfer Malik Zaire. Franks struggled in the game against Michigan, and was benched in favor of Zaire in the second half after completing 5 of 9 passes for 75 yards. The Gators went on to lose 33–17. In the Gators' next game on September 16, 2017, against Tennessee, Franks started the game and threw for 212 yards, including the game-winning 63-yard Hail Mary pass to receiver Tyrie Cleveland. Florida won the game 26–20 for Franks' first career win. After a 3–1 start, the Gators' season derailed, as they lost six of their final seven games to finish with a disappointing 4–7 record and the school's second losing season since 1979. Franks led the team in passing with 1,438 yards, nine touchdowns and eight interceptions.As a redshirt sophomore in 2018, Franks was again named the starting quarterback ahead of the season's opening game, fighting off competition from fellow redshirt sophomore Kyle Trask and true freshman Emory Jones. He threw for 219 yards and five touchdowns in Florida's 53–6 opening win over Charleston Southern. He set a career high with 284 passing yards to go along with two touchdowns and an interception in an October 13 win over Vanderbilt. Franks helped the Gators to a dramatic turnaround compared with the 2017 season, as they finished with a 10–3 record and a victory over Michigan in the Peach Bowl, ending the season at seventh in the final polls. Franks posted 2,457 passing yards, 24 passing touchdowns, six interceptions, and seven rushing touchdowns on the year. His 31 total touchdowns was tied for third in the Southeastern Conference.In Florida's 2019 opener, Franks completed 17 of 27 passes for 254 yards, two touchdowns, two interceptions, and a rushing touchdown in a 24–20 win over rival Miami. In the Gators' third game of the season against Kentucky, Franks was carted off the field with an apparent leg injury late in the third quarter. Florida head coach Dan Mullen said after the game that team doctors believed Franks suffered a broken ankle and would likely miss the remainder of the season. On December 1, 2019, Franks announced he would be leaving the Florida program.

 Arkansas 
On January 20, 2020, Franks announced he would be transferring to Arkansas. On September 16, 2020, he was named one of four team captains for the season, and was shortly thereafter named the starting quarterback for the Razorbacks' season opener against Georgia. On October 3, 2020, Franks led the Razorbacks in a 21–14 win against No. 16 Mississippi State, breaking Arkansas' 20-game SEC losing streak as well as their 15-game losing streak against ranked opponents.

 Baseball 
On June 5, 2019, the Boston Red Sox of MLB drafted Franks with the 947th overall pick (in the 31st round) of the 2019 MLB draft, and signed with the Red Sox for a signing bonus of $40,000. Franks, who played baseball in high school but not at Florida, indicated that he would continue his football career. On April 19, 2023, Franks was officially released from his Red Sox contract.

 Statistics 

 Professional career 
On May 3, 2021, Franks signed with the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent. He was named the third-string quarterback behind incumbent starter Matt Ryan and second-string backup Josh Rosen.Franks made his NFL debut in Week 11 during the Falcons' final drive against the New England Patriots. His first pass was intercepted by safety Adrian Phillips, concluding the 25–0 shutout loss. The turnover marked the fourth consecutive Falcons drive to end with an interception, following two thrown by Ryan and one returned for a touchdown from Rosen.In June 2022, Franks began taking reps at the tight end position, with the Falcons announcing they were planning to use him in a hybrid role.On August 3, 2023, Franks was waived/injured by the Atlanta Falcons and placed on injured reserve.

 Personal life 
Franks' older brother, Jordan, is a former NFL tight end.

 References 

 External links 

Atlanta Falcons bio
Arkansas Razorbacks bio
Florida Gators bio

Alexandra Bøje
Alexandra Bøje (born 6 December 1999) is a Danish badminton player. She won her first senior international title at the 2016 Czech International in the mixed doubles event partnered with Mathias Bay-Smidt after fight through the qualification round, with the eight matches played. She was part of the national team that clinched the gold medals at the 2019 European Mixed Team and 2020 Women's Team Championships. She competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

 Achievements 

 European Games 
Mixed doubles

 European Championships 
Mixed doubles

 European Junior Championships 
Girls' doubles

 BWF World Tour (4 titles, 2 runner-up) 
The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tour is divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300, and the BWF Tour Super 100.Mixed doubles

 BWF International Challenge/Series (5 titles, 9 runners-up) 
Women's doubles

Mixed doubles

  BWF International Challenge tournament
  BWF International Series tournament
  BWF Future Series tournament

 References 

 External links 
Alexandra Bøje at BWF.tournamentsoftware.com

The Mentalist (season 4)
The fourth season of the CBS police procedural series The Mentalist premiered on September 22, 2011 and concluded on May 17, 2012. The season picks up immediately after the events of the third-season finale in which Patrick Jane (Simon Baker) was arrested for the public murder of the man he believes is the notorious serial killer Red John, who murdered his wife and daughter.

 Cast 

 Main cast 
Simon Baker as Patrick Jane (24 episodes)
Robin Tunney as Teresa Lisbon (24 episodes)
Tim Kang as Kimball Cho (24 episodes)
Owain Yeoman as Wayne Rigsby (24 episodes)
Amanda Righetti as Grace Van Pelt (24 episodes)

 Recurring cast 
Michael Rady as Luther Wainwright (9 episodes)
Samaire Armstrong as Summer Edgecombe (7 episodes)
Catherine Dent as Susan Darcy (6 episodes)
Jillian Bach as Sarah Harrigan (4 episodes)
Michael Gaston as Gale Bertram (2 episodes)
Alicia Witt as Rosalind Harker (2 episodes)

 Notable guest cast 
Reed Diamond as Ray Haffner  ("Little Red Book") 
Pruitt Taylor Vince as J. J. LaRoche ("Little Red Book")
Henry Thomas as Tommy Lisbon ("Where in the World is Carmine O'Brien?")
Missi Pyle as Karen Cross ("Blinking Red Light")
David Paymer as James Panzer ("Blinking Red Light")
Eric Winter as Craig O'Laughlin (ghost) ("My Bloody Valentine")
Joaquim de Almeida as Gabriel Porchetto ("My Bloody Valentine")
James Frain as Terry Murphy  ("At First Blush") 
David Norona as Osvaldo Ardiles  ("At First Blush") 
Morena Baccarin as Erica Flynn ("War of the Roses")
Malcolm McDowell as Bret Stiles ("His Thoughts Were Red Thoughts")
Vincent Martella as Martin Klubock ("Something's Rotten in Redmund")
William R. Moses as Archie Bloom Sr. ("Ruby Slippers")
Ray Wise as Dennis Victor ("Red Rover, Red Rover")
Emmanuelle Chriqui as Lorelei Martins ("The Crimson Hat")

 Episodes 

 U.S. ratings 

 Production 
Speaking of the season, creator Bruno Heller said, "Every season, you kind of take a chance to reset things. ... Last season was almost serialized. There was a great deal of plot and story that you could follow through the whole season. We're going to need less of that this season." He commented that the new season would explore Jane's feelings about finally catching his "white whale", Red John: "What does revenge mean? Because, as you saw in that final moment, after you've killed someone, what's left? ... That kind of bitterness and hate kills things. But then, what do you do?"

 DVD release 
All 24 episodes were included in the five disc complete fourth season set. It was released on September 18, 2012 in Region 1, October 8, 2012 in Region 2, and November 7, 2012 in Region 4. It included the featurette "CBI: Behind the Badge".

 References 

 External links 
Official website
The Mentalist at IMDb
The Mentalist at epguides.com

Daniel Worrall
Daniel James Worrall (born 10 July 1991) is an Australian–English cricketer. He played for South Australia in the Sheffield Shield competition and for the Adelaide Strikers in the Big Bash League. He was selected to play for Australia in 2016. He holds British citizenship and now lives in England. He will be classed as an international player in Australian competitions.

 Career 

 Early career (2012–2015) 
Worrall started his career playing for Melbourne Cricket Club in Victorian Premier Cricket, but he moved to Adelaide when he was offered a rookie contract with South Australia for the 2012–13 season. He made his first-class debut against Queensland in 2012, but he struggled to maintain a spot in the state side consistently for the next few years.

 Breakout and international career (2015–present) 
Worrall's breakout came in the 2015–16 Sheffield Shield season and BBL|05. He recorded his first 5 wicket haul in first-class cricket when he took figures of 5/69 against Victoria in the first innings. He followed this up in the second innings with three more wickets as the Redbacks went on to win by 8 wickets. He made headlines at the end of BBL|05 when, after starting the season outside of the Melbourne Stars' squad, he was brought into the team because other members of the team's pace attack were called up to play for Australia. In the final match of the regular season he took figures of 3/15 against the Perth Scorchers to help guarantee the Stars a home semi-final, a performance that David Hussey described as "world-class". He followed this up in the semi-final, also against the Scorchers, by taking 3/25 in another win. His form continued to improve over the rest of the Sheffield Shield season, with career-best figures of 6/96 against Victoria in the Sheffield Shield final in the absence of fellow Redbacks fast bowler Chadd Sayers. He finished the season as the second-highest wicket taker of the Sheffield Shield, with 44 wickets at an average of 26.18, and as a result he was named by the South Australian Cricket Association as the most improved player for the 2015–16 season, having gone from a fringe member of the squad to one of the key members of the South Australian pace attack.Worrall's improvement warranted selection in the Australia A squad for a 2016 quadrangular series in northern Queensland, during which he took figures of 4/26 against India A, his best figures in a List A match. After the series, despite having only played 12 List A matches in his career, he was added to the Australian national squad for their tour of South Africa. He made his ODI debut for Australia against Ireland on 27 September 2016.Worrall played for South Australia in the 2017–18 JLT One-Day Cup. Worrall opened the bowling against Victoria in the elimination final, bowling a wide on the first ball but recovering to then bowl Aaron Finch for a golden duck in the same over. He finished the match with figures of 5/62 as Victoria fell short of South Australia's score and they advanced through to the final.

 English County career 
In February 2018, Gloucestershire signed Worrall as their overseas player for the 2018 County Championship. In 2019, he re-signed with Gloucestershire, ahead of the 2019 County Championship in England. He returned to Gloucestershire for the 2021 season. He made his first appearance in the third game against Hampshire after missing the start of the season due to quarantine requirements.On 27 July 2021 Worrall signed for Surrey as a local player on a three-year contract which started from the 2022 summer. Worrall has a UK passport so will not count as an overseas player for Surrey.  Worrall was part of the Surrey team that won the 2022 County Championship.
In April 2022, he was bought by the Manchester Originals for the 2022 season of The Hundred.In July 2023 Worrall was selected by the London Spirit for the 2023 season of The Hundred as an injury replacement for fast bowler Olly Stone. On 21 August 2023 Worrall signed a new multi year contract with Surrey

 Bowling style 
Worrall bowls a fast-medium pace and makes use of swing in his bowling. He has a distinctive angled run-up, one of the strangest in domestic Australian cricket. He developed this run-up in his childhood, where there was an inconveniently placed tree in his backyard which made a direct approach to the crease impossible with the long run-up required for pace bowling.

 References 

Steve Conliff
Steven Conliff (November 24, 1949 – June 1, 2006) was a Midwestern-based Native American writer, historian, social satirist, alternative-media publisher and political activist in the 1960s and 1970s.
Conliff is chiefly remembered for throwing a banana cream pie at James A. Rhodes, the governor of Ohio, in 1977, at the opening of the Ohio State Fair in Columbus, Ohio.

 Biography 
Steve Conliff attended Miami University of Ohio, where he worked extensively with the National Mobilization Committee to End the War in Vietnam, known as "the mobe."  It was during his time with the mobe that he began to question the effectiveness of 'politics as usual' and at about the same time, met up with the Youth International Party (Yippies). It was as a newly-converted Yippie that Conliff moved to Columbus, Ohio, in 1970, briefly attending Ohio State University.  Most of his activities revolved around politics and political organizing; he was a gifted and tireless organizer.  One of his first experiences passing out anti-war leaflets at a local campus burger-joint got him arrested for vagrancy; he immediately challenged the constitutionality of the vagrancy laws as discriminatory against youth and poor people.In the summer of 1970, Steve Conliff started his first Yippie publication, Purple Berries—which later morphed into the publication Sour Grapes. Conliff was also one of the founders of the Columbus Free Press (to which he contributed up until his passing) and the public-education-critical Subversive Scholastic (1978–84).  He regularly wrote for YIPster Times (1972–78), HVPTA / Bite Magazine (1978-80), and Overthrow (1979–98). In addition, Conliff's work also appeared in High Times, News From Indian Country, Akwesasne Notes, Open Road, Take Over, Fifth Estate, In These Times and The Mohican News—among numerous other zines and underground newspapers, frequently writing under the pseudonym "Leon Yipsky." He helped launch countless other publications, and published the local magazine Columbus Entertainment (which focused on cultural diversity before it was fashionable) from 1986 to 1988. (Note: no relation to the present owners of the magazine of the same name). A tribal descendant, Conliff presented papers detailing Mohican Indian history on the Stockbridge-Munsee Reservation (2001) at the New York State Museum in Albany (2004).  He also contributed American Indian ethnography to Notable Native Americans (Gale 1995) and Volume 1 of the Gale Encyclopedia of Native American Tribes (Gale 1998).Steve Conliff was an important leader of the Yippies' second wave, which included well-known activists such as Tom Forcade, Ben Masel, A.J. Weberman, Aron Kay (another famous pie thrower), David Peel, and Dana Beal. He was also the transatlantic coordinator of the Rock Against Racism USA campaign of 1979, helping to organize concerts in Columbus, Dayton, Madison, Detroit, Chicago, and New York City.Like Neal Cassady and similar charismatic personalities of the counterculture, it is hard to quantify the nearly-metaphysical impact Steve Conliff had on activists around him; besides storytelling and history-keeping, his great gifts were to inspire, encourage and engage.

 The Pie and the Gubernatorial Campaign 

Steve Conliff's decision to throw a pie at Governor Rhodes was due to Rhodes' direct role in the Kent State shootings; particularly 1) the ordering of Ohio National Guard troops onto campus, and 2) his angry speech given the day before the shootings (May 3, 1970) to assembled news media.  Rhodes' infamous speech was said to inflame conservatives as well as the guardsmen occupying campus, thereby lighting the fuse of an already-incendiary situation: We have seen here at the City of Kent especially, probably the most vicious form of campus-oriented violence yet perpetrated by dissident groups and their allies in the State of Ohio ... these people just move from one campus to the other and terrorize a community. They're worse than the Brown Shirts and the communist element and also the Night Riders and the vigilantes. They're the worst type of people that we harbor in America. And I want to say that they're not going to take over the campus. And the campus now is going to be part of the County and the State of Ohio.In 1977, the Kent State University Administration decided to build a gymnasium on the exact site of the Kent State shootings, where there was already a small but respectful memorial to the four slain students erected by B'nai B'rith. This provoked a series of protests: there were numerous demonstrations and an infamous  "Tent City" erected on the site that eventually had to be bulldozed down, its 193 inhabitants forcibly removed and arrested. It was in this carnival atmosphere that the pieing of Governor James Rhodes took place.
After pieing Rhodes and the generally-positive reaction, Conliff decided to run for governor against Rhodes, as a Republican.  This campaign was not treated very seriously by Ohio media, but gave Conliff access to various conservative venues in which he delivered anti-war, anti-capitalist and pro-marijuana speeches to decidedly-unfriendly audiences with aplomb, which he seemed to enjoy:Yippie Conliff says he's too young to serve as governor even if elected, but sees no problem with the state not having a governor.When his Lieutenant Governor candidate, yippie Leatrice Urbanowicz, was thrown off the GOP ballot for being a registered Democrat, that was also an occasion for more Yippie hoopla.

 Zorba the Freak 
One of Conliff's continuing characters throughout his work was an alter ego, "the Leader of the Street People", named Zorba the Freak.  Zorba liked to dish about other Yippies (who often recognized themselves in his stories) and became locally legendary, as well as an inside joke among the Yippies.  According to Columbus poet-activist Steve Abbott:In journalism, historically, columnists have created alter egos who they supposedly interview but who speak for them. Finley Peter Dunne did Mr. Dooley. Mike Royko did Slats Grobnik. And William Raspberry always had the taxicab driver in Washington. Conliff had someone called Zorba the Freak—incredibly funny, incredibly well-written pieces that combine satire and commentary.

 Blacklisted News 
With Dana Beal and the New Yippie Book Collective, Conliff published the 733-page anthology Blacklisted News: Secret Histories from Chicago 1968 to 1984, foreword by William Kunstler. Steve Conliff wrote over half of this volume, a detailed chronicle  of specific Yippie actions all over the world (in the middle section titled "The Dreaded Yippie Curse") and a colorful collection of underground posters, jeremiads, essays, news clippings, comics, photos, articles, reviews and other counter-cultural history.

 Personal life 
Conliff met artist Suzan Bird in 1970, while she was working in the hippie enclave of Pearl Alley, adjacent to the OSU campus:He was selling Purple Berries, and he would come by E.G. Leather on Pearl Alley trying to get ads. It was one of the old hippie shops. I worked there at the time, so I would sit on the porch and talk to him, and we got to know each other fairly well just sitting and chatting.The two married in 1973 and had three sons.  Bird's art work often accompanied Conliff's written pieces, especially in Purple Berries and Sour Grapes.
Steve Conliff died of lung cancer on June 1, 2006.

 Bibliography 
We Are Not McGovernable: What Cronkite Didn't Tell You about the '72 Democratic Convention - Youth International Party, 1972
Purple Berries and Sour Grapes - Ohio YIP periodicals, 1970-1974 
Subversive Scholastic 1978–1984 
Peace in Persia - Poetry inspired by the Iran hostage crisis, 1981
Zeitgeist: The Ballad of Tom Forcade - A lyric 'epic' poem first published in full in Blacklisted News—has been excerpted numerous times as an obituary for Forcade and the "Zippies" (Zeitgeist International Party) -- the radical breakaway Yippie faction that demonstrated at the 1972 Republican and Democratic Conventions in Miami Beach.
Blacklisted News: Secret Histories from Chicago, '68, to 1984 - Bleecker Publishing, 1983
Chief Buffalo and The Green Arm - Two novels uploaded to the free internet in the early 00s, now unavailable, circa 2003
8060 Olentangy River Road posthumously published, 2010

 References 

 External links 
Steve Conliff: A legend has passed away but his spirit is with us
Steven E. Conliff 1949 - 2006
STATE v. CONLIFF : 28 December 1978 | COURT OF APPEALS OF OHIO
PHOTO : Steve Conliff making  speech at Rock Against Reagan concert, Ohio State House, April 30, 1983 (Yippie archives)
YIPPIE ISSUED KENT STATE RELATED ANTI OHIO GOVERNOR PIE IN FACE BUTTON

Tarra White
Tarra White (born Martina Mrakviová, 19 November 1987) is a Czech pornographic actress.

 Biography 
White was born in Ostrava, Czechoslovakia.At the age of five, White wanted to be a stripper when she grew up and would practice stripping in her bedroom. By age thirteen, she aspired to be a porn star and practiced posing with her mother's high heel shoes; her mother caught her practicing and was unhappy when she learned about her daughter's ambitions.White entered the pornographic industry on her eighteenth birthday while still in college. She shot her first scene with Robert Rosenberg in public in front of the University of Prague. She was so stressed about being naked in front of many people in the middle of the street that she kept forgetting to look at the camera.White is a contract performer for Private Media Group.White retired as a performer in 2013.

 Awards 
2006 Golden Star (Prague Erotica Show) for Best Starlet
2007 Golden Star for Best Czech Republic Porn Actress
2008 FICEB Ninfa Award for Best Supporting Actress (Wild Waves – Woodman Entertainment)
2009 Hot d'Or Award for Best European Female Performer
2009 Hot d'Or Award for Best European Actress (Billionaire – Private Media)
2009 Erotixxx Award for Best European Actress
2010 Erotixxx Award for Best International Actress
2014 AVN Award for Best Sex Scene in a Foreign-Shot Production (The Ingenuous) (with Aleska Diamond, Anna Polina, Angel Piaff, Rita Peach and Mike Angelo)

 References 

 External links 

Tarra White at IMDb
Tarra White at the Internet Adult Film Database
Tarra White at the Adult Film Database
Tarra White at the European Girls Adult Film Database
Tarra White on Twitter

Troy Andersen
Troy Andersen (born April 23, 1999) is an American football linebacker for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Montana State where previously played quarterback, running back and fullback for them before moving to linebacker. He was named a FCS All-American and the Big Sky Conference defensive player of the year in 2021.

 Early years 
Andersen was born on April 23, 1999, and grew up on his family's cattle ranch in Dillon, Montana. He attended Beaverhead County High School, where he played quarterback and safety for their football team, as well as on their basketball and track teams. As a senior, Andersen was named first-team All-State at quarterback and safety, as well as the Montana Defensive Player of the Year, after he passed for 1,403 yards, rushed for 877 yards, and scored 30 total touchdowns on offense and had 71 tackles with three interceptions and two fumbles recovered on defense while Beaverhead won the Class A state championship.

 College career 
Andersen started games at both running back and linebacker as a true freshman and was named the Big Sky Conference Freshman of the Year after rushing for 515 yards and five touchdowns with seven receptions for 45 yards and one touchdown on offense and recording nine tackles with one sack on defense. He moved to quarterback before his sophomore season after two-year starter Chris Murray was ruled academically ineligible to play. Andersen completed 115 of 208 passes for 1,195 yards with three touchdowns and seven interceptions and also rushed for 1,412 yards and a school-record 21 touchdowns and was named first-team All-Big Sky.Andersen moved back to linebacker and also played fullback as a junior. He was named first-team all-conference after finishing the season with 54 tackles, 11.5 for loss, and 6.5 sacks with one interception and five passes broken up. Andersen redshirted his senior season while recovering from injuries. As a redshirt senior, Andersen was named the Big Sky Defensive Player of the Year and was the runner-up for the Buck Buchanan Award. Andersen played in the 2022 Senior Bowl.

 Professional career 
Andersen was drafted in the second round with the 58th overall pick by the Atlanta Falcons in the 2022 NFL Draft. The Falcons previously obtained the pick in the trade that sent Julio Jones to the Tennessee Titans. Andersen made his season debut in Week 2 against the Los Angeles Rams. In Week 6 against the San Francisco 49ers, Andersen made his first professional start, where had a season-high 13 tackles in the 28–14 win. He finished the season with 69 tackles through 17 games and five starts.
On September 26, 2023, Andersen was placed on injured reserve after suffering a shoulder/pectoral injury in Week 3.

 Personal life 
Andersen is a cousin of Major League Baseball pitcher Codi Heuer. His father played college basketball at Eastern Oregon University, while his sister ran track at Montana State. Andersen graduated from Montana State with a degree in agricultural business in May 2021.

 References 

 Notes 

 External links 

Atlanta Falcons bio
Montana State Bobcats bio

List of equipment of the Finnish Army
This is a list of weapons used by the Finnish Army, for past equipment, see here.For equipment or ships of the Finnish Navy, see List of equipment of the Finnish Navy and List of active Finnish Navy ships; for Finnish Air Force aircraft, see List of military aircraft of Finland.

 Armour and other vehicles 

 Main battle tanks 

 Infantry fighting vehicles 

 Armoured personnel carriers (tracked) 

 Armoured personnel carriers (wheeled) 

 Utility vehicles 

 All-terrain vehicles 

 Military engineering vehicles 

 Field artillery 

 Towed field guns and howitzers 

 Self-propelled artillery 

 Multiple rocket launcher systems 

 Forward observer vehicles 

 Radar systems 

 Anti-aircraft systems 

 Surface-to-air missile systems 

 Anti-aircraft artillery 

 Logistics 

 Infantry weapons 

 Pistols 

 Assault rifles 

 Battle rifles 

 Shotguns 

 Sniper rifles 

 Submachine guns 

 Support weapons 

 Mortars 

 Anti-armour 

 Land mines 

 Hand grenades 

 Army aviation 
The NHIndustries NH90 tactical transport helicopter is the main type of transport helicopter used, having replaced Soviet Mi-8s. The Army also uses Hughes 500 D and E helicopters in reconnaissance and training roles. The Finnish Army has 11 unmanned reconnaissance airplanes (RUAG Ranger), which are used for reconnaissance and artillery targeting purposes, and in 2012 ordered a number of unmanned Aeronautics Defense Orbiters.

 See also 
List of former equipment of the Finnish Army

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Military equipment of Finland at Wikimedia Commons
Vienna 2011 Annual Exchange of Military Information: 2023 (archive), 2022 (archive), 2021 (archive), 2020 (archive), 2019 (archive), 2018 (archive), 2017 (archive), 2016 (archive), 2015 (archive).

Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey
Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey is a 2023 British independent slasher film edited, produced, written and directed by Rhys Frake-Waterfield. It serves as a horror reimagining to A. A. Milne and E. H. Shepard's Winnie-the-Pooh books and stars Craig David Dowsett as the titular character, and Chris Cordell as Piglet, with Amber Doig-Thorne, Nikolai Leon, Maria Taylor, Natasha Rose Mills, and Danielle Ronald in supporting roles. It follows Pooh and Piglet, who have become feral and bloodthirsty murderers, as they terrorise a group of young university women and Christopher Robin when he returns to the Hundred Acre Wood five years later after leaving for college.
The film was first announced in May 2022, when it drew widespread attention due to its premise involving a character that was a beloved childhood icon, and it was met with divided reactions. There was even controversy surrounding the film among both the general public and the Winnie-the-Pooh fan community, with Frake-Waterfield claiming that he and the other members on the film's production received death threats and petitions for the film to be cancelled. It was produced by Jagged Edge Productions in association with ITN Studios and went into development after the 1926 Winnie-the-Pooh book entered the public domain in the United States in January 2022. The film was shot on a $100,000 budget in 10 days in the Ashdown Forest of East Sussex, England, which serves as inspiration for the Hundred Acre Wood, the main setting of the stories.
Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey was originally set for a nationwide one-night event, but a spike in online popularity expanded it to a major worldwide theatrical release. It premiered in Mexico on 26 January 2023, and was theatrically released in the United States on 15 February 2023, and in the United Kingdom on 10 March 2023. The film received overwhelmingly negative reviews, but was a financial success, grossing $6 million worldwide against a $100,000 budget. It received five Golden Raspberry Award nominations, including Worst Picture, Worst Director and Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-off or Sequel. A sequel and a shared universe are in development.

 Plot 
Years ago, a young Christopher Robin meets and befriends a group of anthropomorphic creatures—Owl, Rabbit, Eeyore, Piglet, and Winnie-the-Pooh—in the Hundred Acre Wood. After Christopher leaves them for college, added to the arrival of winter and no food to eat, the starved creatures sacrifice Eeyore and vow to return to their feral instincts.
Five years later, Christopher, now an adult having graduated from college, returns to the Hundred Acre Wood, accompanied by his fiancée Mary. As the couple find the place in ruins, they are ambushed by Piglet, who strangles Mary to death, before he and Pooh drag Christopher into the woods.
Sometime later, university students Maria, Jessica, Alice, Zoe, Tina and Lara rent a cabin in the Hundred Acre Wood. Tina gets lost en route and is captured by Pooh, who grinds her up in a woodchipper. In his treehouse, Pooh reminisces over his childhood with a now-hostage Christopher and breaks down, whipping him with Eeyore's tail and showering him with Mary's blood.
As night falls, Pooh and Piglet ambush the cabin, killing Lara and Zoe and abducting Alice. Maria and Jessica decide to rescue Alice and break into Pooh's treehouse, freeing Christopher and another hostage named Charlene, who seeks revenge against Piglet after he mutilated her face. She summons Piglet to kill him, but he mauls her to death. Pooh chases Maria and Jessica into the woods, but Alice stays behind and knocks Piglet unconscious with his own sledgehammer, but she is fatally impaled against a wall by Pooh before she can kill Piglet.
On the road, Maria and Jessica seek help from a group of local men passing by, whom Pooh easily kills. Maria attempts to run Pooh over with their pick-up truck but crashes. Upon awakening, she witnesses Pooh decapitating Jessica. Christopher appears and crushes Pooh between the truck and his car. Pooh frees himself and holds Maria at knifepoint. Christopher pleads for Pooh to release her, but Pooh breaks his vow of silence and tells Christopher that "[he] left" before slashing Maria's throat. Seeing that his former friend is now beyond help, Christopher flees the woods.

 Cast 

 Production 

 Development 

On 24 May 2022, Josh Korngut of Dread Central reported that a Winnie-the-Pooh-based horror film adaptation was in development. The characters' rights had been owned by The Walt Disney Company since 1966 and, while Disney retains exclusive rights to the depictions of these characters from their own franchise, the first Winnie-the-Pooh book went into the public domain in the U.S. on 1 January 2022. After the copyright lapsed, Rhys Frake-Waterfield began development on Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey the same year. Speaking to Variety, Frake-Waterfield described the plot as both Winnie-the-Pooh and Piglet turning into homicidal maniacs after Christopher Robin leaves them for college. He stated:Christopher Robin is pulled away from them, and he's not [given] them food, it's made Pooh and Piglet's life quite difficult... Because they've had to fend for themselves so much, they've essentially become feral. So they've gone back to their animal roots. They're no longer tame: they're like a vicious bear and pig who want to go around and try and find prey. The masks used for Pooh and Piglet in the film were created by the American prosthetic-mask manufacturing company Immortal Masks. On 16 February 2023, Frake-Waterfield explained in an interview with Yahoo! Entertainment that the first draft of the film was meant to be more close to the original source material. However, The Walt Disney Company still retained the exclusive rights to the depictions of these characters from their own franchise, so Waterfield had to scrap the original script and rewrote it to avoid any legal trouble.

 Filming 
Principal photography for Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey began in April 2022, with filming taking place in the Ashdown Forest of East Sussex, England over a period of 10 days. Jagged Edge Productions produced the film in collaboration with ITN Studios. Frake-Waterfield did outfit Pooh with a red shirt, but was careful to avoid other iconic elements from Disney's depictions that could pose a copyright issue.After the increased popularity of the film, ITN gave the film an increased budget, leading to several days of reshoots. This would lead to the film being the most expensive film Waterfield ever directed and the most expensive film produced by ITN, with a budget of under $100,000.

 Music 
In July 2022, American composer Andrew Scott Bell was announced as a provider for the score. On 14 July 2022, Bell uploaded a video to YouTube titled "Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood, Honey, and Violins" that documented how he drove from Los Angeles to San Francisco, with his manager Mike Rosen, to collect a honeycomb-filled violin from an experimental luthier to compose the film's soundtrack. In an interview with Dread Central, Bell explained how he got involved with the production of Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey upon hearing about the film after it went viral upon the announcement. He said:Back in late May, a day or so before the film went massively viral, I started seeing some online chatter about a Winnie-the-Pooh horror movie. I remember looking it up on IMDb and finding the director Rhys Frake-Waterfield on Instagram where his story had a screenshot of a person's comment saying something to the effect of "your movie is ruining our childhoods". His reaction was, "that's what I'm trying to do, ruin everyone's childhood".

 Release 
Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey was originally planned to be released in October 2022, but the increased publicity and reshoots motivated the change to a 2023 theatrical release. The film premiered in Mexico on 26 January 2023, and was released by Cinemex. It was originally set to be released for a one-night event across cinemas in the United States, United Kingdom and Canada in February 2023, with Fathom Events and Altitude Film Distribution acquiring the rights to release it in their respective countries. In January 2023, it was announced that the film had been given an expanded theatrical release starting on February 15 in the United States. The film was then released in the United Kingdom on 10 March 2023. For one week, the film was re-released in cinemas in the United States on 17 March 2023. A Hong Kong release was canceled due to purported technical glitches, but the film may have been censored due to Internet memes comparing Winnie-the-Pooh to CCP general secretary Xi Jinping; Christopher Robin was banned in 2018 for that reason.

 Marketing 
After the film's announcement, Salon writer Kelly McClure wrote the film is "a perfect example of the wrong that could come from a creative work slipping into public domain." She continued, calling the film a "horrific take" on Winnie-the-Pooh, also stating "you've got the makings of a dark and twisted cult classic." Jon Mendelsohn, writing for Collider, called the film images "nightmare fuel" and the concept "extremely bizarre" while noting "the internet is freaking out." Rotem Rusak, writing for Nerdist, wrote, "Seeing the iconic bear reimagined as a nightmarish slasher monster speaks to a delightfully imaginative spirit that really inspires us." Justin Carter of Gizmodo wrote:

The appeal of Blood and Honey will depend entirely on if you're willing to meet the movie halfway on its premise, and aren't immediately turned off by the idea of children's characters being turned into murderers or having some dark, edgy backstory. The internet was filled with that sort of thing just a decade or so ago, and this feels like it's very much pulling from that same cloth.
Katarina Feder of Artnet wrote, "...you can't buy publicity like the kind they've had and something tells me that this indie passion project will find its funding, bringing to life the director's unique ideas about murdering women in bikinis."

 Home media 
In the United Kingdom, a collector's edition was released on Blu-ray on 5 April 2023. A more basic release came out on 14 April 2023. It got a digital release on Amazon Prime in the United States on 11 April 2023. On 2 June 2023, it got a widespread release across many streaming platforms such as iTunes and Vudu.

 Reception 

 Box office 
As of 19 April 2023, Winnie-The-Pooh: Blood and Honey has grossed $2 million in the United States and Canada, and $3 million in other territories, including over $1 million in Mexico, for a worldwide total of $6 million.

 Critical response 
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 3% of 61 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 2.2/10. The website's consensus reads: "Oh, bother." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 16 out of 100, based on 19 critics, indicating "overwhelming dislike".Christian Zilko of IndieWire scored the film a grade of C+, panning the film's screenplay, but felt that the film "punches above its weight" in the craftsmanship of its kills. Luke Thompson of The A.V. Club criticized the cheap production values and lack of a coherent story, while also noting that the film fulfills its promise of a slasher film based on a beloved children's book. Polygon's Tasha Robinson felt that certain elements such as the gore and inherent grotesqueness of the material worked well, but added that the film's poor dialogue, lack of humour, and connection to its basic source material ruined an interesting premise.Dennis Harvey of Variety was highly critical of the film for its lack of humour, poor acting, and incoherent screenplay, summarising that the film "fail[ed] to meet even the most basic expectations set up by its conceptual gimmick". Michael Gingold for Rue Morgue felt that the film lacked any sort of wit or imagination to successfully implement upon its premise; Gingold additionally pointed out the "drab" cinematography, absence of characterisation for its title villain, and messy production only served to make the film easily forgettable. Rating the film 1.5 out of 4 stars, Nick Allen from RogerEbert.com wrote that it failed as both a comedy and a horror film, noting the poorly lit scenes in the film made it hard to decipher what was happening on screen, while echoing other critics' sentiments on the writing and lack of interesting characters.

 Accolades 

 Future 

 Sequel 

In June 2022, Frake-Waterfield expressed interest in creating a sequel, and stated that he wants to "ramp it up even more and go even crazier and go even more extreme". In November 2022, he announced that a sequel, currently titled Winnie-the-Pooh 2, was in development with him returning as director and writer, on a budget "five times" larger than the previous installment. The sequel is expected to begin filming in late 2023, with an anticipated release date of February 2024. In August 2023, Frake-Waterfield announced that Pooh will use a chainsaw as a weapon in the sequel. That September, Pooh, and Piglet were confirmed to have new designs in teaser images, with the new characters Owl and Tigger also confirmed to appear.

 Shared universe and other projects 
Alongside the announcement of a sequel, two other horror films were announced: Bambi: The Reckoning and Peter Pan's Neverland Nightmare based on Bambi, a Life in the Woods and Peter and Wendy respectively. In February 2023, Frake-Waterfield announced that the various projects take place in the same shared continuity franchise, while Jagged Edge Productions intends to eventually have the characters feature in crossover events. In January 2024, it was revealed that The Adventures of Pinocchio would also be adapted into a horror film that is set within the same continuity, titled Pinocchio: Unstrung. Other characters that will expanded the universe and future projects will be displayed through drawings during the credits of Blood and Honey 2.Frake-Waterfield in speculation also expressed interest in making films about Thor, as well as copyrighted franchises such as Teletubbies, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and The Powerpuff Girls.

 See also 
Mickey's Mouse Trap, an unrelated but similar horror film whose original character entered into the public domain.List of creative Mickey Mouse works after entering the public domain

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey at Wikimedia Commons
Official website
Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey at AllMovie
Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey at IMDb

Karl Marx monument, Moscow
The Monument to Karl Marx in Moscow is a monument completed in 1961 by Soviet sculptor Lev Kerbel. It is located near the Bolshoi Theatre in Theatre Square.
The monument, weighing 160 tons, is made of a monolithic block of gray granite, mined near Dnepropetrovsk (now Dnipro, Ukraine) in the Kudashevsky mine quarry. Marx is depicted as a speaker standing on the podium, as if addressing the working people with a speech. The monument is decorated bearing the motto of the USSR "Proletarians of All Countries, Unite!" on the front. The sculptural composition is complemented by two granite pylons on both sides of the monument. One of them is carved with the words of Friedrich Engels, said at Marx's funeral: "His name and deed will outlive for centuries"; on the other - Lenin's phrase "The teaching of Marx is omnipotent because it is true."

 History 
At the beginning of 1957, a new open all-Union competition was held for the best project for a monument to Marx; its winner was a creative team led by sculptor Lev Kerbel, and architects Ruben Begunts, Nikolai Kovalchuk, Vadim Makarevich and Vladimir Morgulis.The monument was given protected status as an object of cultural significance by the government of the RSFSR in 1974, and has been included on the Russian cultural heritage register with a federal level of protection since 2016.

 In popular culture 
In the opening credits of 1988 action film Red Heat, the monument is shown in wintertime, snow covering the front of the foundations.Soviet actress Faina Ranevskaya notably described the monument as "a refrigerator with a beard".

 See also 
List of statues of Karl Marx
Soviet-era statues

 References 

Intelligence
Intelligence has been defined in many ways: the capacity for abstraction, logic, understanding, self-awareness, learning, emotional knowledge, reasoning, planning, creativity, critical thinking, and problem-solving. It can be described as the ability to perceive or infer information; and to retain it as knowledge to be applied to adaptive behaviors within an environment or context.The term rose to prominence during the early 1900s. Most psychologists believe that intelligence can be divided into various domains or competencies.
Intelligence is most often studied in humans but has also been observed in both non-human animals and  plants despite controversy as to whether some of these forms of life exhibit intelligence. Intelligence in computers or other machines is called artificial intelligence.

 Etymology 

The word intelligence derives from the Latin nouns intelligentia or intellēctus, which in turn stem from the verb intelligere, to comprehend or perceive. In the Middle Ages, the word intellectus became the scholarly technical term for understanding and a translation for the Greek philosophical term nous. This term, however, was strongly linked to the metaphysical and cosmological theories of teleological scholasticism, including theories of the immortality of the soul, and the concept of the active intellect (also known as the active intelligence). This approach to the study of nature was strongly rejected by  early modern philosophers such as Francis Bacon, Thomas Hobbes, John Locke, and David Hume, all of whom preferred "understanding" (in place of "intellectus" or "intelligence") in their English philosophical works. Hobbes for example, in his Latin De Corpore, used "intellectus intelligit", translated in the English version as "the understanding understandeth", as a typical example of a logical absurdity. "Intelligence" has therefore become less common in English language philosophy, but it has later been taken up (with the scholastic theories that it now implies) in more contemporary psychology.

 Definitions 

The definition of intelligence is controversial, varying in what its abilities are and whether or not it is quantifiable.In 1994 the "Mainstream Science on Intelligence" was published, as an op-ed statement in the Wall Street Journal, as a response to controversy over the book The Bell Curve which proposed policy changes based on purported connections between race and intelligence. It was signed by fifty-two researchers, out of 131 total invited to sign, with 48 explicitly refusing to sign. The op-ed described intelligence thus:
A very general mental capability that, among other things, involves the ability to reason, plan, solve problems, think abstractly, comprehend complex ideas, learn quickly and learn from experience. It is not merely book learning, a narrow academic skill, or test-taking smarts. Rather, it reflects a broader and deeper capability for comprehending our surroundings—"catching on," "making sense" of things, or "figuring out" what to do.
From Intelligence: Knowns and Unknowns (1995), a report published by the Board of Scientific Affairs of the American Psychological Association, also in response to controversy over The Bell Curve:

Individuals differ from one another in their ability to understand complex ideas, to adapt effectively to the environment, to learn from experience, to engage in various forms of reasoning, to overcome obstacles by taking thought. Although these individual differences can be substantial, they are never entirely consistent: a given person's intellectual performance will vary on different occasions, in different domains, as judged by different criteria. Concepts of "intelligence" are attempts to clarify and organize this complex set of phenomena. Although considerable clarity has been achieved in some areas, no such conceptualization has yet answered all the important questions, and none commands universal assent. Indeed, when two dozen prominent theorists were recently asked to define intelligence, they gave two dozen, somewhat different, definitions.
Besides those definitions, psychology and learning researchers also have suggested definitions of intelligence such as the following:

 Human 

Human intelligence is the intellectual power of humans, which is marked by complex cognitive feats and high levels of motivation and self-awareness. Intelligence enables humans to remember descriptions of things and use those descriptions in future behaviors. It gives humans the cognitive abilities to learn, form concepts, understand, and reason, including the capacities to recognize patterns, innovate, plan, solve problems, and employ language to communicate. These cognitive abilities can be organized into frameworks like fluid vs. crystallized and the Unified Cattell-Horn-Carroll model, which contains abilities like fluid reasoning, perceptual speed, verbal abilities, and others. Intelligence enables humans to experience and think.Intelligence is different from learning. Learning refers to the act of retaining facts and information or abilities and being able to recall them for future use. Intelligence, on the other hand, is the cognitive ability of someone to perform these and other processes. There have been various attempts to quantify intelligence via testing, such as the Intelligence Quotient (IQ) test. However, many people disagree with the validity of IQ tests; stating that they cannot accurately measure intelligence.There is debate about if human intelligence is based on hereditary factors or if it is based on environmental factors. Hereditary intelligence is the theory that intelligence is fixed upon birth and does not grow. Environmental intelligence is the theory that intelligence is developed throughout life depending on the environment around the person. An environment that cultivates intelligence is one that challenges the person's cognitive abilities.

 Emotional 

Emotional intelligence is thought to be the ability to convey emotion to others in an understandable way as well as to read the emotions of others accurately. Some theories imply that a heightened emotional intelligence could also lead to faster generating and processing of emotions in addition to the accuracy. In addition, higher emotional intelligence is thought to help us manage emotions, which is beneficial for our problem-solving skills. Emotional intelligence is important to our mental health and has ties to social intelligence.

 Social 

Social intelligence is the ability to understand the social cues and motivations of others and oneself in social situations. It is thought to be distinct to other types of intelligence, but has relations to emotional intelligence. Social intelligence has coincided with other studies that focus on how we make judgements of others, the accuracy with which we do so, and why people would be viewed as having positive or negative social character. There is debate as to whether or not these studies and social intelligence come from the same theories or if there is a distinction between them, and they are generally thought to be of two different schools of thought.

 Moral 

Moral intelligence is the capacity to understand right from wrong and to behave based on the value that is believed to be right. It is considered a distinct form of intelligence, independent to both emotional and cognitive intelligence.

 Book smart and street smart 
Concepts of "book smarts" and "street smart" are contrasting views based on the premise that some people have knowledge gained through academic study, but may lack the experience to sensibly apply that knowledge, while others have knowledge gained through practical experience, but may lack accurate information usually gained through study by which to effectively apply that knowledge. Artificial intelligence researcher Hector Levesque has noted that:

Given the importance of learning through text in our own personal lives and in our culture, it is perhaps surprising how utterly dismissive we tend to be of it. It is sometimes derided as being merely "book knowledge," and having it is being "book smart." In contrast, knowledge acquired through direct experience and apprenticeship is called "street knowledge," and having it is being "street smart".

 Nonhuman animal 

Although humans have been the primary focus of intelligence researchers, scientists have also attempted to investigate animal intelligence, or more broadly, animal cognition. These researchers are interested in studying both mental ability in a particular species, and comparing abilities between species. They study various measures of problem solving, as well as numerical and verbal reasoning abilities. Some challenges in this area are defining intelligence so that it has the same meaning across species (e.g. comparing intelligence between literate humans and illiterate animals), and also operationalizing a measure that accurately compares mental ability across different species and contexts.Wolfgang Köhler's research on the intelligence of apes is an example of research in this area. Stanley Coren's book, The Intelligence of Dogs is a notable book on the topic of dog intelligence. (See also: Dog intelligence.) Non-human animals particularly noted and studied for their intelligence include chimpanzees, bonobos (notably the language-using Kanzi) and other great apes, dolphins, elephants and to some extent parrots, rats and ravens.Cephalopod intelligence also provides an important comparative study. Cephalopods appear to exhibit characteristics of significant intelligence, yet their nervous systems differ radically from those of backboned animals. Vertebrates such as mammals, birds, reptiles and fish have shown a fairly high degree of intellect that varies according to each species. The same is true with arthropods.

 g factor in non-humans 

Evidence of a general factor of intelligence has been observed in non-human animals. The general factor of intelligence, or g factor, is a psychometric construct that summarizes the correlations observed between an individual's scores on a wide range of cognitive abilities. First described in humans, the g factor has since been identified in a number of non-human species.Cognitive ability and intelligence cannot be measured using the same, largely verbally dependent, scales developed for humans. Instead, intelligence is measured using a variety of interactive and observational tools focusing on innovation, habit reversal, social learning, and responses to novelty. Studies have shown that g is responsible for 47% of the individual variance in cognitive ability measures in primates and between 55% and 60% of the variance in mice (Locurto, Locurto). These values are similar to the accepted variance in IQ explained by g in humans (40–50%).

 Plant 

It has been argued that plants should also be classified as intelligent based on their ability to sense and model external and internal environments and adjust their morphology, physiology and phenotype accordingly to ensure self-preservation and reproduction.A counter argument is that intelligence is commonly understood to involve the creation and use of persistent memories as opposed to computation that does not involve learning. If this is accepted as definitive of intelligence, then it includes the artificial intelligence of robots capable of "machine learning", but excludes those purely autonomic sense-reaction responses that can be observed in many plants. Plants are not limited to automated sensory-motor responses, however, they are capable of discriminating positive and negative experiences and of "learning" (registering memories) from their past experiences. They are also capable of communication, accurately computing their circumstances, using sophisticated cost–benefit analysis and taking tightly controlled actions to mitigate and control the diverse environmental stressors.

 Artificial 

Scholars studying artificial intelligence have proposed definitions of intelligence that include the intelligence demonstrated by machines. Some of these definitions are meant to be general enough to encompass human and other animal intelligence as well. An intelligent agent can be defined as a system that perceives its environment and takes actions which maximize its chances of success. Kaplan and Haenlein define artificial intelligence as "a system's ability to correctly interpret external data, to learn from such data, and to use those learnings to achieve specific goals and tasks through flexible adaptation". Progress in artificial intelligence can be demonstrated in benchmarks ranging from games to practical tasks such as protein folding. Existing AI lags humans in terms of general intelligence, which is sometimes defined as the "capacity to learn how to carry out a huge range of tasks".Mathematician Olle Häggström defines intelligence in terms of "optimization power", an agent's capacity for efficient cross-domain optimization of the world according to the agent's preferences, or more simply the ability to "steer the future into regions of possibility ranked high in a preference ordering". In this optimization framework, Deep Blue has the power to "steer a chessboard's future into a subspace of possibility which it labels as 'winning', despite attempts by Garry Kasparov to steer the future elsewhere." Hutter and Legg, after surveying the literature, define intelligence as "an agent's ability to achieve goals in a wide range of environments". While cognitive ability is sometimes measured as a one-dimensional parameter, it could also be represented as a "hypersurface in a multidimensional space" to compare systems that are good at different intellectual tasks. Some skeptics believe that there is no meaningful way to define intelligence, aside from "just pointing to ourselves".

 See also 

 References 

 Further reading 
Gleick, James, "The Fate of Free Will" (review of Kevin J. Mitchell, Free Agents: How Evolution Gave Us Free Will, Princeton University Press, 2023, 333 pp.), The New York Review of Books, vol. LXXI, no. 1 (18 January 2024), pp. 27–28, 30. "Agency is what distinguishes us from machines. For biological creatures, reason and purpose come from acting in the world and experiencing the consequences. Artificial intelligences – disembodied, strangers to blood, sweat, and tears – have no occasion for that." (p. 30.)
Hughes-Castleberry, Kenna, "A Murder Mystery Puzzle: The literary puzzle Cain's Jawbone, which has stumped humans for decades, reveals the limitations of natural-language-processing algorithms", Scientific American, vol. 329, no. 4 (November 2023), pp. 81–82. "This murder mystery competition has revealed that although NLP (natural-language processing) models are capable of incredible feats, their abilities are very much limited by the amount of context they receive. This [...] could cause [difficulties] for researchers who hope to use them to do things such as analyze ancient languages. In some cases, there are few historical records on long-gone civilizations to serve as training data for such a purpose." (p. 82.)
Immerwahr, Daniel, "Your Lying Eyes: People now use A.I. to generate fake videos indistinguishable from real ones. How much does it matter?", The New Yorker, 20 November 2023, pp. 54–59. "If by 'deepfakes' we mean realistic videos produced using artificial intelligence that actually deceive people, then they barely exist. The fakes aren't deep, and the deeps aren't fake. [...] A.I.-generated videos are not, in general, operating in our media as counterfeited evidence. Their role better resembles that of cartoons, especially smutty ones." (p. 59.)
Press, Eyal, "In Front of Their Faces: Does facial-recognition technology lead police to ignore contradictory evidence?", The New Yorker, 20 November 2023, pp. 20–26.
Roivainen, Eka, "AI's IQ: ChatGPT aced a [standard intelligence] test but showed that intelligence cannot be measured by IQ alone", Scientific American, vol. 329, no. 1 (July/August 2023), p. 7. "Despite its high IQ, ChatGPT fails at tasks that require real humanlike reasoning or an understanding of the physical and social world.... ChatGPT seemed unable to reason logically and tried to rely on its vast database of... facts derived from online texts."
Cukier, Kenneth, "Ready for Robots? How to Think about the Future of AI", Foreign Affairs, vol. 98, no. 4 (July/August 2019), pp. 192–98. George Dyson, historian of computing, writes (in what might be called "Dyson's Law") that "Any system simple enough to be understandable will not be complicated enough to behave intelligently, while any system complicated enough to behave intelligently will be too complicated to understand." (p. 197.) Computer scientist Alex Pentland writes: "Current AI machine-learning algorithms are, at their core, dead simple stupid. They work, but they work by brute force." (p. 198.)
Domingos, Pedro, "Our Digital Doubles: AI will serve our species, not control it", Scientific American, vol. 319, no. 3 (September 2018), pp. 88–93. "AIs are like autistic savants and will remain so for the foreseeable future.... AIs lack common sense and can easily make errors that a human never would... They are also liable to take our instructions too literally, giving us precisely what we asked for instead of what we actually wanted." (p. 93.)
Marcus, Gary, "Am I Human?: Researchers need new ways to distinguish artificial intelligence from the natural kind", Scientific American, vol. 316, no. 3 (March 2017), pp. 61–63. Marcus points out a so far insuperable stumbling block to artificial intelligence: an incapacity for reliable disambiguation. "[V]irtually every sentence [that people generate] is ambiguous, often in multiple ways. Our brain is so good at comprehending language that we do not usually notice." A prominent example is the "pronoun disambiguation problem" ("PDP"): a machine has no way of determining to whom or what a pronoun in a sentence—such as "he", "she" or "it"—refers.
Sternberg, Robert J.; Kaufman, Scott Barry, eds. (2011). The Cambridge Handbook of Intelligence. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. doi:10.1017/9781108770422. ISBN 978-0521739115. S2CID 241027150.
Mackintosh, N. J. (2011). IQ and Human Intelligence (second ed.). Oxford: Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-958559-5.
Flynn, James R. (2009). What Is Intelligence: Beyond the Flynn Effect (expanded paperback ed.). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-74147-7.
Lay summary in: C Shalizi (27 April 2009). "What Is Intelligence? Beyond the Flynn Effect". University of Michigan (Review). Archived from the original on 14 June 2010.
Stanovich, Keith (2009). What Intelligence Tests Miss: The Psychology of Rational Thought. New Haven (CT): Yale University Press. ISBN 978-0-300-12385-2.
Lay summary in: Jamie Hale. "What Intelligence Tests Miss". Psych Central (Review). Archived from the original on 24 December 2013.
Blakeslee, Sandra; Hawkins, Jeff (2004). On intelligence. New York: Times Books. ISBN 978-0-8050-7456-7. OCLC 55510125.
Bock, Gregory; Goode, Jamie; Webb, Kate, eds. (2000). The Nature of Intelligence. Novartis Foundation Symposium 233. Chichester: Wiley. doi:10.1002/0470870850. ISBN 978-0471494348.
Lay summary in: William D. Casebeer (30 November 2001). "The Nature of Intelligence". Mental Help (Review). Archived from the original on 26 May 2013.
Wolman, Benjamin B., ed. (1985). Handbook of Intelligence. consulting editors: Douglas K. Detterman, Alan S. Kaufman, Joseph D. Matarazzo. New York: Wiley. ISBN 978-0-471-89738-5.
Terman, Lewis Madison; Merrill, Maude A. (1937). Measuring intelligence: A guide to the administration of the new revised Stanford-Binet tests of intelligence. Riverside textbooks in education. Boston (MA): Houghton Mifflin. OCLC 964301.
Binet, Alfred; Simon, Th. (1916). The development of intelligence in children: The Binet-Simon Scale. Publications of the Training School at Vineland New Jersey Department of Research No. 11. E. S. Kite (Trans.). Baltimore: Williams & Wilkins. p. 1. Retrieved 18 July 2010.

 External links 

Intelligence on In Our Time at the BBC
History of Influences in the Development of Intelligence Theory and Testing Archived 11 November 2007 at the Wayback Machine – Developed by Jonathan Plucker at Indiana University
The Limits of Intelligence: The laws of physics may well prevent the human brain from evolving into an ever more powerful thinking machine by Douglas Fox in Scientific American, 14 June 2011.
A Collection of Definitions of Intelligence

Qahhor Mahkamov
Qahhor Mahkamov (Russian: Кахар Махкамович Махкамов, romanized: Kakhar Makhkamovich Makhkamov, Tajik: Қаҳҳор Маҳкамов; alternative spelling Kahar Mahkamov; 16 April 1932 – 8 June 2016) was a Tajik politician who served as First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan from 1985 to 1991 and was the first President of Tajikistan from November 1990 until his fall in the August 1991 coup.

 Early life and career 
Mahkamov was born into a working-class family in the northern city of Khujand on 16 April 1932. He graduated from Dushanbe Industrial Technicom in 1949 and from the Leningrad Mining Institute in 1952 with a degree in engineering. He worked as a professor, head engineer, and director of a mine in Isfara. In 1957 he became a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and quickly worked his way into the high ranks of the Communist Party of Tajikistan, becoming head of the prestigious Committee of the Representatives of the Workers of Leninabad. In 1963 Mahkamov was appointed to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Tajikistan and from 1963 until 1982 he was Head of the Central Planning and the Vice-Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Soviet Tajikistan, one of the most powerful positions in the republic.

 Leader of Tajikistan 

 First Secretary 
In 1985, Rahmon Nabiyev was ousted in a corruption scandal as First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan and Mahkamov was chosen to succeed him. Mahkamov's tenure was one of the most turbulent in the republic's history. His accession to power coincided with that of Mikhail Gorbachev and the advent of Perestroika and Glasnost. During Mahkamov's reign in power Tajikistan saw a surge in nationalism, which culminated in the passage of the 1989 ‘’Language Law’’ that designated Tajik the state language of the republic. This law elicited a great deal of fear among the population and an exodus of the non-Central Asian population began, especially amongst ethnic Russians, Jews and Germans.The greatest threat to Mahkamov's power came during the February 1990 Dushanbe riots that rocked the capital. Tajik youths clashed with non-Tajiks and battles were fought in the streets of Dushanbe between rioters and police and soldiers, resulting in dozens of deaths. Mahkamov oversaw a crackdown on Islamic fundamentalists and a lengthy curfew was put in place.  

 Presidency 
He served as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet (head of state) from 12 April to 30 November 1990. As part of the political reforms that Gorbachev was instituting the Supreme Soviet of Tajikistan appointed Mahkamov the first President of Tajikistan on 30 November 1990. Mahkamov's fall from power came in August 1991 when he supported the failed August Coup by hardliners in Moscow. Protestors took to the streets and demanded Mahkamov's ouster from power and on August 31, 1991 he resigned his positions as President and First Secretary. 

 Post-presidency 
Mahkamov then retired from politics and sat on the sidelines during the ensuing political instability and Civil War in Tajikistan. ” After his resignation, he retired and was given a pension of 1,000 Soviet rubles. According to him, by 1993-1994 he actually lost his pension. At this time, he worked as an assistant and adviser to an entrepreneur.
In 2000 Mahkamov was appointed a member of the National Assembly of Tajikistan by the order of the President Emomali Rahmon.

 Death 
He died on 8 June 2016 at the age of 84, after suffering a long illness. Rahmon send a telegram of condolences to his family, saying he will "forever remain in the memory of the people of Tajikistan as a modest person, a qualified specialist and a caring leader.” The funeral took place the following day, at the Khoja Yakub Central Cathedral Mosque of Dushanbe. The Janaza was personally conducted by the Supreme Mufti of Tajikistan Saidmukarram Abdulkodirzoda. The funeral was attended by several thousand people, among whom were many current and former officials. He was buried at Sari Osiyo Cemerery.

 Personal life 
His wife Gavkhar Shakirovna Makhkamova (1934-2013) was a Tatar from Kyrgyzstan, serving as a mining specialist. They met in Shurab in 1949 and were married for 63 years. They had three children: Amir, Rinat and Rano. Amir is a civil engineer living in the United States, Rinat works in St. Petersburg and while Rano is a graduate from the Moscow Conservatory.

 Awards 
Four Orders of the Red Banner of Labor
Honored Engineer of Tajikistan.

 References 

Obituary

Deadmau5
Joel Thomas Zimmerman (born January 5, 1981), known professionally as Deadmau5 (stylized as deadmau5; pronounced "dead-mouse"), is a Canadian electronic music producer and DJ. He mainly produces progressive house and electro house music, though he also produces and DJs other genres of electronic music, including techno under the alias Testpilot. Zimmerman has received six Grammy Award nominations for his work.
He has worked with other DJs and producers, such as Kaskade, Wolfgang Gartner, Rob Swire, and Chris Lake. He has also collaborated with Steve Duda under the group name BSOD (Better Sounding On Drugs) and was part of the group named WTF? with Duda, Tommy Lee and DJ Aero. In 2007, he founded his own record label, Mau5trap. Deadmau5 is currently one of the highest-paid electronic music producers in the world, and is a masked music artist similar to Marshmello and Daft Punk.In 2000, an early 12" single produced on vinyl titled "I Don't Want No Other" was released by Zimmerman and Derek Caesar, under the group name Dred and Karma. A 2006 compilation album titled Deadmau5 Circa 1998–2002 was self-released under the alias Halcyon441. His debut studio album, Get Scraped, was released in 2005, with follow-up Vexillology in 2006. His breakthrough, Random Album Title, was released in 2008 and was certified gold in Canada, and silver in the United Kingdom. The album includes seminal release "Faxing Berlin", "Not Exactly", and moderate chart hit "I Remember" (with Kaskade). In 2009, his fourth studio album For Lack of a Better Name was released to critical acclaim, featuring Rob Swire collaboration "Ghosts 'n' Stuff", "Hi Friend", and the critically acclaimed "Strobe". His fifth studio album, 4×4=12, released in late 2010, supported by singles "Some Chords", "Animal Rights", "Sofi Needs a Ladder", and "Raise Your Weapon".
In 2012, Zimmerman released singles "The Veldt" and "Professional Griefers" (featuring Gerard Way) to commercial success. These singles were featured on his sixth studio album, Album Title Goes Here. Following his departure from long-time label Ultra Records, Zimmerman released his seventh studio album, While(1<2), through Astralwerks and Virgin EMI in 2014. The album's release was supported by its four singles; "Avaritia", "Seeya", "Infra Turbo Pigcart Racer", and "Phantoms Can't Hang". After a brief hiatus, Zimmerman's eighth studio album, W:/2016Album/, was released in late 2016, with singles "Snowcone" and "Let Go". He subsequently composed the score for the 2019 action film Polar, and released the singles "Satrn", "Coasted", "Fall" the same year. In 2020, "Pomegranate" and "Bridged by a Lightwave" were released ahead of his ninth album.

 Early life 
Zimmerman was born on January 5, 1981 in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada. His mother, Nancy (née Johnson), is a visual artist, and his father, Rodney Thomas "Rod" Zimmerman, is a General Motors plant worker. He has two siblings, Jennifer (older) and Chris (younger). His ancestry includes German, Swiss, and English heritage. He received his first keyboard for Christmas when he was a teenager. His music career began in the late 1990s, with a chiptune and demoscene movements-influenced sound with the Impulse Tracker. 
Zimmerman graduated from Westlane Secondary School in Niagara Falls. He then worked with an online music licensing company and as a programmer. He adopted the name Deadmau5, which referred to a dead mouse he found in his computer; the unique spelling was a result of a maximum character limitation.

 Career 

 1998–2006: Get Scraped and self-released compilations 
Zimmerman released his debut studio album, titled Get Scraped on July 26, 2005. The tracks "Just Before 8bit", "Nice Try, Kiddo" and "Uploading and Downloading" from Project 56 were edited and expanded upon in Get Scraped under the names "8bit", "Try Again", and "Unspecial Effects", respectively. Tracks "Bored of Canada", "Intelstat" and "I Forget" reappear on this album as is, as well as "The Oshawa Connection" from Deadmau5 Circa 1998–2002.
Three self-released compilations, Project 56, Deadmau5 Circa 1998–2002, and A Little Oblique, were finished in 2006, with Project 56 seeing an official release two years later.

 2006–2008: Vexillology, Mau5trap, and Random Album Title 
In 2006, Zimmerman released his second studio album, Vexillology, on November 6, 2006, through Play Records.In 2007, Zimmerman founded his own record label, Mau5trap, which, along with Ultra Records and Ministry of Sound, released the 2008 album Random Album Title, which saw the collaboration of Zimmerman and Chicago producer Kaskade with "I Remember". Random Album Title, saw a digital release on September 2, 2008, via Ultra Records in the United States and Ministry of Sound in the United Kingdom and Europe. Physical copies of the album were released in November 2008. Singles "Faxing Berlin" on October 25, 2006, and "Not Exactly" on August 27, 2007, were released prior to the album's release. Single "I Remember" (with Kaskade) was later released on September 15, 2008, before the album's release.
In the United States, Zimmerman's collaboration with Kaskade, "Move for Me", reached number one on Billboard magazine's Dance/Mix Show Airplay chart in its September 6, 2008, issue. Since then, Zimmerman has seen two more tracks, also collaborations ("I Remember" with Kaskade and "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" with Rob Swire), reach number one on Billboard's Dance/Mix Show Airplay chart, making him the only Canadian to have three number-one tracks on that chart. He is also the sixth Canadian to top that chart, following Deborah Cox, Nelly Furtado, Dragonette, Justin Bieber, and The Weeknd, each with one apiece.

 2009–2011: For Lack of a Better Name and 4×4=12 
On September 22, 2009, Ultra Records released his album For Lack of a Better Name in the United States, and October 5 internationally. On a subsequent tour in the fall of 2009, Zimmerman's performances were recorded and made available for sale immediately following the concerts on USB wristband flash drives. For Lack of a Better Name includes two of Zimmerman's most popular songs, "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" (featuring Rob Swire) and "Strobe". "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" was released on November 25, 2008, before the album, while "Strobe" was released on February 23, 2010, after the album's release.
MTV named Zimmerman as the house DJ for the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards and MTV PUSH artist of the week on August 16, 2010. He expressed gratitude towards Lady Gaga and David Guetta for bringing dance into the pop music scene and paving the way for him to the mainstream. At the awards, Zimmerman performed with Jason Derulo and Travie McCoy. His song "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" had been featured on the soundtrack for the MTV reality series Jersey Shore earlier.His fifth studio album, 4×4=12, was released on December 6, 2010, in the United Kingdom and December 7, 2010, in the United States. Singles "Some Chords" on May 3, 2010, "Animal Rights" (with Wolfgang Gartner) on September 6, and "Sofi Needs a Ladder" (featuring SOFI) on November 1 were released and were featured on the album. "Raise Your Weapon" (featuring Greta Svabo Bech) was released later on May 23, 2011. "Some Chords" was featured on an episode of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation where Zimmerman made a cameo appearance, and an instrumental version of "Sofi Needs a Ladder" was featured in the film The Hangover Part II. That year, he also released two non-album singles "Aural Psynapse" and "HR 8938 Cephei".

 2012–2014: Album Title Goes Here and While(1<2) 
On August 9, 2012, Zimmerman announced his sixth studio album, Album Title Goes Here, which was released on September 24 of that year. Singles from this album include "Maths" on February 17, 2012, "The Veldt" (featuring Chris James) on May 8, and "Professional Griefers" (featuring Gerard Way) on August 14. Singles "Channel 42" (with Wolfgang Gartner) on February 12, 2013, and "Telemiscommunications" (with Imogen Heap) on March 12 were released in 2013, after the album was released. His collaboration with Gerard Way on "Professional Griefers" was announced on Facebook prior to release. In December 2012, FUSE TV named "Professional Griefers" one of the top 40 songs of 2012.In November 2013, Zimmerman deleted three years' worth of music from his SoundCloud account, replacing them with an EP of seven melancholy piano sonatas, simply called 7, named after the Latin translations for the seven deadly sins: "Acedia", "Avaritia", "Gula", "Invidia", "Ira", "Luxuria", and "Superbia". The same month, Zimmerman left longtime label Ultra Records and signed with record label Astralwerks, a famed NYC-based imprint that houses artists such as Swedish House Mafia, David Guetta, and The Chemical Brothers. Speaking on the partnership, Zimmerman admitted, "I found a place that knows what to do with my music."On January 7, 2014, Zimmerman announced via his Twitter account that his much-anticipated new album was complete. "In other news... I finished my album today," the tweet read. "2 discs. 2 continuous mixes. 25 tracks. and something I'm proud of." On May 10, 2014, Deadmau5 announced through his subscription service that his upcoming album would be titled While(1<2) and would be released on June 17, 2014. The album was preceded by the release of four singles: "Avaritia", "Seeya" (featuring Colleen D'Agostino), "Infra Turbo Pigcart Racer" and "Phantoms Can't Hang". Starting on the week of May 20, 2014, each single was released weekly for a total of four weeks leading up to the release of the album.

 2015–2016: Absence, return, and W:/2016Album/ 
On January 13, 2015, it was announced that Deadmau5 would be a headlining act for the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival, in Manchester, Tennessee, which was held on June 11–15, 2015. On February 2, 2015, it was announced he would appear at Reading and Leeds Festivals. On July 23, 2015, Valve announced that Deadmau5 was creating a series of sound clips to be featured in their video game Dota 2. The music pack was released alongside the announcement. On August 8, 2015, Deadmau5 performed live at KeyArena in Seattle at the conclusion of the Dota 2 competition The International 5 (TI5). On October 7, 2015, Deadmau5 officially announced that he was leaving his then label Astralwerks and going entirely independent with his own label Mau5trap.On December 17, 2015, it appeared that Zimmerman was either taking a leave of absence or ending his career altogether after deleting both his Twitter and his Facebook accounts. His Instagram account, however, had not been deleted. On December 21, 2015, Zimmerman reopened his Twitter account and posted an apology to his Tumblr account explaining his disappearance from social media, saying that he was suffering from depression and would be returning to producing music after the new year.On May 27, 2016, "Snowcone", the first single from Zimmerman in nearly two years, was released as a digital download. This track was later revealed to be the first single from his next album. On November 4, 2016, Zimmerman announced his next studio album, W:/2016Album/, which was released on December 2, 2016, digitally, with vinyl and CD releases on February 17, and March 17, 2017, respectively.

 2017–2019: Stuff I Used to Do, Where's the Drop?, Polar soundtrack, and Mau5ville 
On January 7, 2017, Zimmerman announced a compilation of his earlier work ranging from the years of 1998 to 2007 on Twitter, titled Stuff I Used to Do. Zimmerman also stated that the compilation would release in February of that year. On February 24, 2017, Zimmerman released a limited version of Stuff I Used to Do on WeTransfer. The edition, available until March 3, featured three tracks less than the full album. The album includes tracks from Get Scraped and early compilations, in addition to an alternative mix of "Creep" from While(1<2). The album was officially released on Mau5trap a week later, on March 3, 2017.On March 25, 2017, Zimmerman began a concert tour with his new "Cube 2.1" stage set entitled Lots of Shows in a Row to promote the release of W:/2016Album/. Zimmerman toured around North America for two months, before touring the rest of the world from June 3, 2017, and Canada from October 6, 2017, with the tour concluding on October 31, 2017. On August 25, 2017, Zimmerman released a stand-alone single entitled "Legendary", featuring guest vocals from rapper Shotty Horroh. A music video for the song was released on Mau5trap's YouTube channel on September 11, 2017. In September 2017, Zimmerman confirmed his next studio album is "on the way".In March 2018, Zimmerman announced a compilation album comprising orchestral performances of previously released music, titled Where's the Drop?. On March 30, 2018, the album was initially released exclusively on the music streaming service Tidal for a period of three months. On June 29, 2018, the album was officially released on other digital download and streaming services, as well as vinyl. On July 3, 2018, Zimmerman announced an EP and compilation album titled Mau5ville: Level 1, featuring "Monophobia", a collaboration with Rob Swire, as well as tracks from Getter and GTA. It was released on July 13, 2018, through Mau5trap. On September 18, 2018, Zimmerman announced that he was in the process of producing his first ever original film score for the Netflix film Polar directed by Jonas Åkerlund. In October 2018, the track listing of a follow-up EP, Mau5ville: Level 2, was leaked, showing featured collaborations with Lights and Mr. Bill, with no release date confirmed at the time. The EP was released officially on November 16, 2018, through Mau5trap.
On January 25, 2019, Polar premiered on Netflix, with Zimmerman releasing the soundtrack album, Polar (Music from the Netflix Film), through Mau5trap. On February 1, 2019, the third installment in the Mau5ville series, Mau5ville: Level 3 was released through Mau5trap. The compilation EP featured collaborations with Shotty Horroh, Scene of Action as well as tracks from No Mana and C.O.Z. In November 2019, Zimmerman released three new singles, entitled "SATRN", "COASTED" and "FALL", released on the 16th, 22nd and 29th, respectively.

 2020–present: Kx5 and upcoming ninth studio album 
On May 20, 2020, Zimmerman released the single "Pomegranate", featuring The Neptunes. Later in November that year, he worked with Kiesza on the track "Bridged by a Lightwave". Both singles are expected to appear on Zimmerman's next album.
On March 29, 2021, Zimmerman released the single "Nextra" on his new "Hau5trap" label. In 2021, REZZ and Deadmau5 collaborated to release a single named "Hypnocurrency" on Mau5trap.
He also released a new single with singer Lights titled "When the Summer Dies" on July 16.In 2022, Zimmerman and Kaskade announced a collaboration project named Kx5 (pronounced "kay-five"), marking the fourth time the producers have worked together. The first single from the project, "Escape", was released on March 11. In December, the duo headlined a performance in Los Angeles at the L.A. Memorial Coliseum. The concert broke records with a crowd of 50,000 and netted $3.7 million dollars. In January 2023, the release date for the duo's first album, eponymously titled Kx5, was announced for March 17.Zimmerman was part of the lineup for the 22nd Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in April 2023.

 Video game appearances 
Zimmerman is a playable avatar in DJ Hero 2, a video game released in October 2010. The game featured several tracks by the artist, including a mix of "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" with Lady Gaga's "Just Dance". He is also featured as a secret unlockable character in the 2014 video game Goat Simulator as "deadgoa7". His music has been included in other video game titles, including a custom soundtrack for Dota 2.In the mobile app Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff by TinyCo, Deadmau5 was available for purchase as a playable character during the "PeterPalooza".
Virtual versions of his helmet are also an available accessory as a topper and antenna in Rocket League.In the 2020 video game Fuser, "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" is featured as a mixable song.Deadmau5’s Minecraft account has ears that are linked to his username, which cannot normally be created using the game’s “skins.”

 Personal life 
On July 30, 2010, at the 9:30 Club in Washington, D.C., Zimmerman collapsed on stage, suffering from exhaustion and vomiting. This resulted in the cancellation of the rest of the show, as well as nine shows following the event.In September 2012, Zimmerman began dating American tattoo artist and TV personality Kat Von D. After breaking up in November 2012, they rekindled their relationship shortly afterwards. On December 15, 2012, Zimmerman proposed to Von D via Twitter, and they announced that they would marry in August 2013 with an aquatic-themed wedding. They both have several matching tattoos, including the numbers "289m3d22h" on both of their arms, a sentimental reference to the day when they met, as well as two black stars underneath their eyes. Zimmerman moved to Los Angeles to live with Von D. In June 2013, Von D announced that they had ended their engagement.In 2014, Zimmerman purchased a $5 million home in the Campbellville area of Milton, Ontario.On August 12, 2017, Zimmerman married Kelly Fedoni. By June, 2021, he and Fedoni had separated and would divorce, but stated that their relationship had ended amicably.In January 2024, Zimmerman had to cancel a gig due to an upper respiratory infection.

 Etymology 
Zimmerman's father claims that when his son was in his early teens, he was chatting with a friend on his computer, which then abruptly shut off. According to Zimmerman's father, he said that it had a smell of burnt wire and had a strange odor. Zimmerman started to dismantle his computer and happened to find a dead mouse. Zimmerman then became known as the "dead mouse guy" among friends. He tried to change his name to "Deadmouse" in an online chat room, but it was too long, so he shortened it to "Deadmau5". "Maus" is the German word for "mouse" and is pronounced the same as in English; the ending character 5 instead of an 's' is a form of leet.Zimmerman created the original logo—called "mau5head"—while learning how to use 3D modelling software. The logo appears in many different colors and designs, and has been shown on the cover art of most of Zimmerman's albums. He was given the idea to wear a helmet based on the logo by one of his friends, Jay Gordon of the industrial metal band Orgy. In an interview with CBC Television, Zimmerman said that he wants his logo to be an "icon". Fans often attend Deadmau5 concerts sporting their own copy or alteration of the mau5head.
He created his website and began uploading songs to SectionZ and producing under the alias "Deadmau5" in 2002.

 Controversies 

 DirtyCircuit 
In 2008, an artist called DirtyCircuit claimed to have been threatened with legal action after using a sample called "LP_Faxing Berlin C_128bpm" that came bundled with FL Studio, and to which Zimmerman claimed copyright. The sample was a direct clip of a full bar of the song. Zimmerman provided a "Demo Track" which came bundled with FL Studio, along with several loop samples. The case caused slight discomfort among the users of FL Studio, and some have pointed out potential inconsistencies in the EULA of the software. Subsequent versions, after FL Studio 8, no longer contained those loop samples.

 Disney trademark dispute 

In a 2012 interview with Rolling Stone, Zimmerman acknowledged possible similarities between his Mau5head logo and that of Mickey Mouse, joking that "someone at the Disney patent office fell asleep on that one."In March 2014, it was reported that The Walt Disney Company had filed a request with the United States Patent and Trademark Office to investigate Zimmerman's application to register the Mau5head emblem as a trademark, noting its resemblance to the figure of Mickey Mouse. Disney officially filed its opposition in September 2014, arguing that the mark is likely to cause confusion because it is "nearly identical in appearance, connotation, and overall commercial impression" to Disney's trademarked iconography of Mickey Mouse. In response to the opposition, Zimmerman spoke out against Disney on Twitter, arguing that the company thinks of people as being "stupid" because "[they] might confuse an established electronic musician/performer with a cartoon mouse." Zimmerman also believed that he had been targeted by Disney due to their attempts to "cash in" on the EDM market, specifically alluding to Dconstructed—a recently released compilation album containing remixes of music from Disney properties by major electronic musicians such as Armin van Buuren, Avicii and Kaskade.On September 4, 2014, Zimmerman revealed on Twitter that Disney had used "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" in a Mickey Mouse "re-micks" video on their website and YouTube channel without his or his labels' permission, and posted pictures showing a takedown notice that had been sent to Disney by his lawyers. The letter also contained a trademark infringement accusation, arguing that the use of Deadmau5's name in material regarding the video falsely implied his endorsement of it. Disney argued that it had properly licensed the song and that there was "no merit to his statement."In an October 2014 USPTO filing, Zimmerman argued that Disney has attempted to co-exist with him in goodwill. Zimmerman presented evidence that Disney had been in contact with him regarding potential collaborative projects, including an offer to participate in a "re-imagining" of Fantasia as a live concert tour for the film's 75th anniversary.In June 2015, Zimmerman's attorney stated that he and Disney had "amicably resolved their dispute." Zimmerman appeared in an episode of the Disney+ series The Muppets Mayhem in 2023.

 Meowingtons trademark dispute 
In 2015, Zimmerman attempted to register a trademark for the name of his pet cat, Professor Meowingtons, whom he adopted in 2010 and has incorporated into some of his own merchandising. However, the registration was rejected due to a pre-existing Meowingtons trademark held by an online retailer of the same name established in 2014, which sells cat-themed accessories and clothing. After discovering the trademark, Zimmerman petitioned against it, citing his pre-existing uses.In March 2017, Zimmerman was sued by Emma Bassiri (the owner of the website) for trademark infringement and unfair competition; the suit argued that claims by Zimmerman that she had named the site specifically after the cat was false. Zimmerman himself told The Hollywood Reporter that "from the very beginning I was working to find a way to resolve this situation amicably", but that he had been forced to "litigate this woman out of existence". On May 15, 2017, Deadmau5 filed a countersuit against Bassiri with the intention of seeking forfeiture of Bassiri's website and domain name.In March 2018, World Intellectual Property Review reported that Zimmerman and Bassiri had resolved their dispute.Professor Meowingtons died in 2023, aged 16.

 Offensive remarks 
In October 2018, Zimmerman posted comments on Twitter during an argument including the statements "I'll bet you suck a guy off for 40 grand, zero fucking questions asked" and "women don't posses [sic] penises". These comments were construed by readers as being homophobic and transphobic. Zimmerman apologized for his comments, saying that he "wasn't trying to make blatant transphobic statements", and had "just got into a heated arguement  [sic] with some dude online", noting that his comments had been taken "somewhere unintended".A few days later, during a gaming stream, he referred to a track by fellow electronic artist Slushii as "AIDS fucking music" and calling it "autistic shit". Slushii – who is on the autism spectrum – responded to these comments on Twitter, calling them "really disappointing". Zimmerman later apologized for these comments, citing mental health issues that required "professional help", and stating that he would take time "off the radar" to "work on [himself]".In February 2019, whilst playing PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds on a livestream on Twitch, Zimmerman called another player a "fucking cock-sucking stream sniper fag." Twitch suspended Zimmerman from their platform for hate speech, after which he posted: "I know who I am, and I don't have to fucking sit here and cry and defend my fucking self with the obligatory 'I'm not that person, I am sorry' reflex," vowing to never work with the company again. Zimmerman later apologized for his remarks in a Reddit post, and was subsequently reinstated.

 Discography 

Get Scraped (2005)
Vexillology (2006)
Random Album Title (2008)
For Lack of a Better Name (2009)
4×4=12 (2010)
Album Title Goes Here (2012)
While(1<2) (2014)
W:/2016Album/ (2016)
Kx5 (with Kaskade) (2023)

 Awards and nominations 

 See also 
List of ambient music artists

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Artist Site at Ultra Records Archived March 30, 2010, at the Wayback Machine

Philippine Airlines fleet
Philippine Airlines is composed of wide-body and narrow-body aircraft from five families (including PAL Express fleet): Airbus A320ceo family, A321neo, Airbus A330, Airbus A350, and Boeing 777.

 Current fleet 
As of February 2024, Philippine Airlines services the following aircraft:

 Gallery 
Philippine Airlines current fleet
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Fleet development 

 Airbus A321-200 
The Airbus A321 is the main aircraft utilized for short-haul and medium-haul flights that serve Southeast and East Asia such as Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok, and Kuala Lumpur, as well as major domestic destinations including Cebu and Davao. On August 28, 2012, Philippine Airlines ordered 34 Airbus A321-200 equipped with IAE V2500 engines, but was later reduced to 24. The first A321 was delivered on August 7, 2013.

 Airbus A321neo 
On August 28, 2012, Philippine Airlines ordered 10 Airbus A321neos equipped with two Pratt & Whitney PW1000G engines. The airline, in total, ordered 44 A321s of both the current (CEO) and new engine option (NEO) variants.On March 29, 2015, the airline announced that it will be receiving the A321neo starting 2017. However, the deliveries were delayed to May 2018 due to problems with the Pratt & Whitney engines. PAL received its first A321neo (new engine option) on June 1, 2018, while the other five A321neos were delivered until December 2018. The remaining fifteen A321neos in the SR variant, on the other hand, will be delivered in the following years. However, PAL only received two A321neo SRs in 2019 as the airline revises its re-fleeting plan.The first six Airbus A321neos serve the airline's medium-haul and long-haul routes such as Guam, Singapore, Tokyo, Ho Chi Minh City, Sapporo and Brisbane, while the other SR variants will be serving short-haul regional routes in Southeast Asia and other neighboring countries.

 Airbus A330 
The Airbus A330-300 is primarily deployed in Asia and Oceania routes. They are also deployed in US territories like Honolulu and Guam and domestic destinations such as General Santos, Cebu and Davao.
Philippine Airlines introduced their first Airbus A330-300 on July 30, 1997, with the delivery of the first aircraft, F-OHZM. Philippine Airlines later acquired eight Airbus A330-300s as replacement for their aging Airbus A300B4 fleet's gradual retirement. On August 28, 2012, Philippine Airlines ordered 10 new Airbus Airbus A330-300s, but the airline later expanded its orders to 20 on October 1.
The airline received its first A330-300 High Gross Variant (HGW) in September 2013. The newer A330s use a pair of Rolls-Royce Trent 700 engines, unlike the older General Electric CF6 engines that powered the earlier A330 fleet. The original fleet of eight A330s were transferred to PAL Express until these were retired on August 31, 2014.

 Airbus A350 
The Airbus A350-900 is primarily deployed in the airline's long-haul flights to cities such as New York, Seattle, Toronto, and Vancouver. The A350s are also used in regional Asian flights during peak seasons or when there is high demand in destinations such as Seoul, Bangkok, Hong Kong, Sydney, Singapore, and Tokyo. PAL's A350s have a maximum takeoff weight (MTOW) of 278 tonnes, enabling non-stop Manila-New York flights without payload limitations in either direction, a 7,404-nautical-mile (13,712 km; 8,520 mi) flight which began in October 2018.In April 2016, Philippine Airlines finalized the purchase agreement with Airbus covering the firm order of six A350-900s. The contract firms up a memorandum of understanding announced during the 2016 Singapore Airshow in February 2016. The A350-900s, which will have a three-class configuration, are scheduled to be deployed on new routes to North America and Europe. The A350-900s also replaced the aging Airbus A340-300s that serves North America and Asia.In February 2018, Jaime Bautista, then-president of the airline, stated that they were also interested in the larger Airbus A350-1000 variant.On July 14, 2018, PAL received its first A350-900. In February 2019, Philippine Airlines took delivery of their fifth A350 with the iconic Love Bus decal to mark the 40th anniversary of their partnership with Airbus.On June 20, 2023, PAL ordered nine A350-1000s with an additional three purchase rights. Deliveries will start from the fourth quarter of 2025 until 2027. Like the A350-900, the A350-1000s will also be equipped with three classes of seats (business, premium economy, and economy).

 Boeing 777 
The Boeing 777-300ER is primarily used for long-haul flights to Los Angeles, San Francisco, Vancouver and Toronto. It was also used for service to London, and New York, but was later replaced by the A350-900. They are sometimes deployed in Asian and Australian routes as well if the demand needs it.On March 12, 2007, Philippine Airlines finalized the purchase agreement with Boeing covering the firm order of two Boeing 777-300ERs. It ordered two more three months later. The purchase of Boeing 777s effectively signalled the end of the production of the original Boeing 747-400 variant. In 2009, the airline leased two Boeing 777-300ER to replace the former flagship Boeing 747-400 from GECAS. The first Boeing 777 was delivered to PAL on November 19, 2009. The airline currently has 9 777s in its fleet.In 2019, Philippine Airlines planned to acquire the next-generation Boeing 777X to gradually replace their aging Boeing 777 fleet.

 Historical fleet 

 Fleet maintenance 
The entire Philippine Airlines fleet of Airbus and Boeing jets were formerly maintained in-house at the PAL Technical Center, which consisted of two hangars. The hangars contained an engine overhaul shop, two engine test cells, and test shops. The responsibility of maintaining the fleet, as well as all the facilities, was subsequently transferred in 2000 to Lufthansa Technik Philippines (LTP), a joint venture of Hamburg-based Lufthansa Technik AG, a leading maintenance provider in aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul, and Macro Asia Corporation, one of the Philippines' leading providers of aviation support services and catering for foreign airlines, owned by Lucio Tan, the majority owner of PAL. LTP currently maintains an eight-bay hangar and workshops occupying 110,000 square meters (1,200,000 sq ft) at Ninoy Aquino International Airport.Currently all A320 including all A321 aircraft that are already delivered and those to be delivered are being maintained by Lufthansa. PAL Express is the budget arm of PAL and has overtaken PAL in 2012 in domestic seats second only to Cebu Pacific (5J).On May 18, 2018, Philippine Airlines signed a deal with Lufthansa Technik Philippines to maintain its new Airbus jets for 12 years. The deal, which took effect on May 31, is estimated to be worth P13.6 billion ($260 million) during its lifespan.

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Philippine Airlines fleet at Wikimedia Commons

Kim Bodnia
Kim Bodnia (born 12 April 1965) is a Danish actor. He became widely known for his role as police detective Martin Rohde in the Scandinavian crime drama series The Bridge. He became internationally known for his lead role as drug dealer Frank in Nicolas Winding Refn's 1996 directorial debut Pusher. Today he is best known as Konstantin in Phoebe Waller-Bridge's 2018 BBC America spy thriller TV series Killing Eve.
In 2009, Bodnia won the 62nd Bodil Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, and in 2014 he won the Monte-Carlo Television Festival Award for Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series. In 2019 he earned a British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in Killing Eve.

 Early life 
Bodnia was born in Copenhagen on 12 April 1965 and grew up in Espergærde. He comes from a Jewish family with Polish and Russian ancestry. In 2014, he described himself as "half-Russian, half-Polish and all Jewish". When asked in 2011 whether religion had been an important aspect of his life, he said, "No, but I believe in nature."Bodnia admitted that he was not a particularly good student as a child, describing himself as a "clown" who was reluctant to study. His main interest was in athletics, particularly the 100 metres and the long jump, in which he was the Zealand youth champion for several years. He aspired to become a football goalkeeper, but a foot injury prevented him from pursuing this career.As a student at Espergærde Ungdomsskole, Bodnia joined the theatre group, performing mainly in comic roles. When he was 16, his mother suggested he apply for a place at the Danish National School of Theatre and Contemporary Dance. His first application failed, but he gained entry on his second attempt a year later in 1987.

 Career 
In his film debut En Afgrund af frihed (An Abyss of Freedom) (1989) he played a small supporting role as a bouncer. One of his first roles after graduation in 1991 was as Patrick Bateman in a stage version of American Psycho, and he was subsequently often typecast as violent, brutal characters. Bodnia's first leading role in a film was in Bulldozer (1993), directed by Maria Sødahl. His breakout role came a year later in Ole Bornedal's horror film Nightwatch (1994).
Despite this success, it was two years before his next film, Nicolas Winding Refn's Pusher (1996), and then Winding Refn's Bleeder (1999). He has since appeared in Terribly Happy (2008), and in three Lasse Spang Olsen films: In China They Eat Dogs (1999) and its sequel Old Men in New Cars (2002), and in Den Gode Strømer (2004), which he co-wrote with the director. Bodnia has also appeared in several Norwegian films, including Himmelfall (2002), Monstertorsdag (2004), and Tomme Tønner (2010). He appeared in the 2011 Indian English comedy film Delhi Belly playing a Russian smuggler. In 2014, he appeared as the eponymous Iranian interrogator Rosewater, directed by Jon Stewart. As to his role, he said: "It was a tough job because I'm Jewish. I'm playing a guy who really hates me and wants to destroy my country."Bodnia has become internationally known for his television roles. He made his first appearance in the historical mini-series Snapphanar in 2006. He appeared in three episodes of the first season of the crime series The Killing (2007) (Danish: Forbrydelsen), and in two episodes of the comedy drama Hvor fanden er Herning? ("Where the hell is Herning?") (2009), before returning to crime series, appearing in episodes of the Swedish Kommissarie Winter (2010), Den som dræber ("Those Who Kill") (2011), and the German/Swedish Der Kommissar und das Meer ("The Inspector and the Sea") (2012).In 2009, he won the 62nd Bodil Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role. In 2014 he won the Monte-Carlo Television Festival Award for Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series.Bodnia played the Danish detective Martin Rohde in the first two series of the Nordic noir crime television programme The Bridge (Broen|Bron) (2011–present). Created and written by Hans Rosenfeldt, it is a joint creative and financed production between Sweden's Sveriges Television and Denmark's DR. It has been shown in over 100 countries. Although Bodnia signed for the third series, he dropped out, reportedly unhappy with the development of his character. He also voiced concerns in an interview about working in Malmö, due to the city's problems with anti-semitism, which had made his decision to leave the series easier. He said: "it's not very nice and comfortable to be there as a Jewish person."In early 2014, Bodnia directed readings of The Tailor's Tale, a play based on his Jewish grandfather's experience of life in Copenhagen under Nazi occupation, written by his cousin Alexander Bodin Saphir, and performed at the Scandinavia House–The Nordic Center in America in New York.

 Personal life 
Bodnia has been married twice. His first marriage was to actress Lotte Andersen, with whom he has a son, Louis Bodnia Andersen, who is also an actor, and who played a younger him in Killing Eve. He is currently married to actress Rikke Louise Andersson, who played his wife in Bleeder, with whom he has two sons and a daughter.

 Filmography 

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Kim Bodnia at IMDb
Kim Bodnia on Facebook

Bruno Silva (fighter)
Bruno Silva (born July 13, 1989) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.

 Background 
Silva started training in 2009 and after three months, he had his first fight. At first, it was out of curiosity because in the interior of Paraíba there was not much of a fighting culture, but after three months of training, Silva lost his father and fighting was a therapy.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Early career 
Upon turning pro in 2010 up until 2012, Silva went just 6-5 in 11 contests. Silva racked up a record of 9–5 in Brazilian regional circuit before trying out for The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 3 in 2013. “Blindado” then rattled off 14 wins in his last 16 outings. Silva lived in the northeast of Brazil, in a very small city that had no MMA structure, having to work in other professions. Silva credited his turn around to dedicating himself to his athletic career after 2012.

 The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 
He passed the tryouts, advancing to the preliminary round where he however was knockout out by Vitor Miranda, and was eliminated from the season.

 Russian circuit 
After TUF tryouts Silva amassed seven more wins with one loss, and signed with Russian Cagefighting Championship. He made his promotional debut against Gennadiy Kovalev at RCC 2 on February 24, 2018. He won the fight via first-round knockout.
He then signed with M-1 Global and made his promotional debut against Alexander Shlemenko at M-1 Challenge 93 – Shlemenko vs. Silva on June 1, 2018. He won the fight via first round knockout.The win lined him up for a fight against Artem Frolov for the M-1 Global Middleweight Championship which took place at M-1 Challenge 98 - Frolov vs. Silva on November 2, 2018. He claimed the championship via fourth-round technical knockout.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
In May 2019 it was announced that Silva had signed with the UFC. He was scheduled to replace injured Markus Perez against Deron Winn on June 22, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 154. On June 16, it was reported that Silva was forced to pull out of the contest due to a potential anti-doping violation by USADA and was replaced by returning veteran Eric Spicely. In January 2020, news surfaced that Silva was suspended for two years for testing positive for boldenone, but at the time USADA did not confirm the news due to pending hearing. Ultimately in late June 2020, USADA announced the suspension, stating Silva would be eligible to return to competition after June 14, 2021.Ultimately, Silva made his promotional debut against Wellington Turman at UFC on ESPN 25 on June 19, 2021. Silva won the fight via first-round knockout.In the sophomore appearance Silva faced Andrew Sanchez at UFC Fight Night 195 on October 16, 2021. He won the fight via technical knockout in round three. This win earned him the Performance of the Night award.Silva next faced Jordan Wright at UFC 269 on December 11, 2021. He won the fight via TKO in the first round. The win also earned Silva his second consecutive Performance of the Night bonus award.Silva faced Alex Pereira  on March 12, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 203. Silva got outstruck for all three rounds and lost the fight via unanimous decision.Silva faced Gerald Meerschaert on August 13, 2022, at UFC on ESPN 41 He lost the fight via a guillotine choke in round three.Silva was scheduled to face Albert Duraev on December 17, 2022, at UFC Fight Night 216. However, he was pulled from the event due to injury and he was replaced by Michał Oleksiejczuk.Silva faced Brad Tavares on April 22, 2023, at UFC Fight Night 222. He won the fight via technical knockout in the first round. This performance earned Silva his third Performance Of The Night award.Silva faced Brendan Allen  on June 24, 2023 at UFC on ABC 5. He lost the bout in the first round via a rear-naked choke submission.Silva faced Shara Magomedov on October 21, 2023, at UFC 294. He lost the bout via unanimous decision.Silva is scheduled to face former UFC Middleweight Champion Chris Weidman on March 30, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 241.

 Personal life 
Silva and his fiancée have a daughter, Laura (born 2020).

 Championships and accomplishments 
M-1 Global
M-1 Global Middleweight Championship (one time; former)
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (Three Times) vs. Andrew Sanchez, Jordan Wright and Brad Tavares

 Mixed martial arts record 

 See also 
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 
Professional MMA record for Bruno Silva from Sherdog
Bruno Silva at UFC

Sunamganj-2
Sunamganj-2 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh by Joya Sengupta, elected as Independent politician in 2024.

 Boundaries 
The constituency encompasses Derai and Sullah upazilas.

 History 
The constituency was created in 1984 from the Sylhet-2 constituency when the former Sylhet District was split into four districts: Sunamganj, Sylhet, Moulvibazar, and Habiganj.

 Members of Parliament 

 Elections 
Suranjit Sengupta died in February 2017. Joya Sengupta, his widow, was elected in a March 2017 by-election.
Suranjit Sengupta was elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election.

 Elections in the 2000s 

 Elections in the 1990s 

 References 

 External links 
"People's Republic of Bangladesh". Psephos.

Josh Ali
Josh Ali (born March 3, 1999) is an American football wide receiver for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Kentucky and was signed by the Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2022.

 Early life and education 
Ali was born on March 3, 1999, in Miami, Florida. He attended Chaminade-Madonna College Preparatory School and was a four-year starter in football, recording as a senior 43 receptions for 805 yards and five touchdowns. An all-state selection, Ali was a three-star recruit and elected to play college football at Kentucky over offers from UCF and Utah, as well as several other schools.As a true freshman at Kentucky in 2017, Ali appeared in nine games and recorded five receptions for 25 yards. The following season, he caught 10 passes for 115 yards and scored his first collegiate touchdown. As a junior, Ali started 13 games and recorded 23 catches for 233 yards and three touchdowns. That season, he played a key role in the Wildcats' victory in the Belk Bowl, making a crucial fourth down reception and later scoring the game-winning touchdown with 15 seconds to play.In the 2020 season, Ali appeared in 11 games and recorded 473 receiving yards and a touchdown off of 54 receptions. After being given an extra year of eligibility due to the COVID-19 pandemic, he opted to return to the team in 2021 for a fifth season. That year, he posted 601 receiving yards and three touchdowns on 41 catches while appearing in 10 games. Ali missed the final game of the season, the Citrus Bowl, after being involved in a car accident.

 Professional career 
After going unselected in the 2022 NFL Draft, Ali was invited to the rookie minicamp of the Atlanta Falcons, but was not initially signed. He received a tryout on August 25, and six days later was signed to the practice squad. Ali was elevated to the active roster for the Falcons' Week 17 game with the Arizona Cardinals, and made his NFL debut in the game. He signed a reserve/future contract on January 9, 2023.Ali made the team's final roster in 2023. He was placed on injured reserve on October 4, 2023.

 Personal life 
Ali's father, Faheem, played college football at Louisiana Tech and later was in the Arena Football League (AFL). Ali began writing a children's book series in 2021.

 References 

 External links 
Atlanta Falcons bio
Kentucky Wildcats bio

Sanitary sewer
A sanitary sewer is an underground pipe or tunnel system for transporting sewage from houses and commercial buildings (but not stormwater) to a sewage treatment plant or disposal. Sanitary sewers are a type of gravity sewer and are part of an overall system called a "sewage system" or sewerage. Sanitary sewers serving industrial areas may also carry industrial wastewater. In municipalities served by sanitary sewers, separate storm drains may convey surface runoff directly to surface waters. An advantage of sanitary sewer systems is that they avoid combined sewer overflows. Sanitary sewers are typically much smaller in diameter than combined sewers which also transport urban runoff. Backups of raw sewage can occur if excessive stormwater inflow or groundwater infiltration occurs due to leaking joints, defective pipes etc. in aging infrastructure.

 Purpose 
Sewage treatment is less effective when sanitary waste is diluted with stormwater, and combined sewer overflows occur when runoff from heavy rainfall or snowmelt exceeds the hydraulic capacity of sewage treatment plants. To overcome these disadvantages, some cities built separate sanitary sewers to collect only municipal wastewater and exclude stormwater runoff, which is collected in separate storm drains. The decision to build a combined sewer system or two separate systems is mainly based on the need for sewage treatment and the cost of providing treatment during heavy rain events. Many cities with combined sewer systems built their systems prior to installing sewage treatment plants, and have not subsequently replaced those sewer systems.

 Types 

 Conventional gravity sewers 

In the developed world, sewers are pipes from buildings to one or more levels of larger underground trunk mains, which transport the sewage to sewage treatment facilities. Vertical pipes, usually made of precast concrete, called manholes, connect the mains to the surface. Depending upon site application and use, these vertical pipes can be cylindrical, eccentric, or concentric. The manholes are used for access to the sewer pipes for inspection and maintenance, and as a means to vent sewer gases. They also facilitate vertical and horizontal angles in otherwise straight pipelines.Pipes conveying sewage from an individual building to a common gravity sewer line are called laterals. Branch sewers typically run under streets receiving laterals from buildings along that street and discharge by gravity into trunk sewers at manholes. Larger cities may have sewers called interceptors, receiving flow from multiple trunk sewers.Design and sizing of sanitary sewers considers the population to be served over the anticipated life of the sewer, per capita wastewater production, and flow peaking from timing of daily routines. Minimum sewer diameters are often specified to prevent blockage by solid materials flushed down toilets; gradients may be selected to maintain flow velocities generating sufficient turbulence to minimize solids deposition within the sewer. Commercial and industrial wastewater flows are also considered, but diversion of surface runoff to storm drains eliminates wet weather flow peaks of inefficient combined sewers.

 Force mains 
A force main or rising main is a pumped sewer that may be necessary where gravity sewers serve areas at lower elevations than the sewage treatment plant, or distant areas at similar elevations. A lift station is a sewer sump that lifts accumulated sewage to a higher elevation.  They may also be used to prime an inverted siphon used to cross underneath rivers or other obstructions. The pump may discharge to another gravity sewer or directly to a treatment plant. Force mains are typically constructed of welded steel or HDPE jointed to resist pressures within the pipe. Force mains are substantially different from pressure sewers which serve individual properties or groups of properties and provide a means of injecting sewage into a local gravity main.

 Effluent sewer 

Effluent sewer systems, also called septic tank effluent drainage (STED) or solids-free sewer (SFS) systems, have septic tanks that collect sewage from residences and businesses, and the effluent that comes out of the tank is sent to either a centralized sewage treatment plant or a distributed treatment system for further treatment. Most of the solids are removed by the septic tanks, so the treatment plant can be much smaller than a typical plant. In addition, because of the vast reduction in solid waste, a pumping system, rather than a gravity system, can be used to move the wastewater. The pipes have small diameters, typically 1.5 to 4 inches (4 to 10 cm). Because the waste stream is pressurized, they can be laid just below the ground surface along the land's contour.

 Pressure sewer 

Where it is impossible or impractical to discharge sewage from a property into a gravity sanitary sewer, a pressure sewer may provide an alternative means of connection. A macerator pump in a pumping well close to the property ejects sewage through a small diameter high pressure pipe into the nearest gravity sewer.

 Simplified sewer 

Simplified sanitary sewers consist of small-diameter pipes, typically around 100 millimetres (4 in), often laid at fairly flat gradients (1 in 200). Although the investment cost for simplified sanitary sewers can be about half the cost of conventional sewers, the requirements for operation and maintenance are usually higher. Simplified sewers are most common in Brazil and are also used in a number of other developing countries.

 Vacuum sewer 

In low-lying communities, wastewater is often conveyed by vacuum sewer. Pipelines range in size from pipes of 125 millimetres (4.9 in) in diameter up to 280 millimetres (11 in) in diameter. Vacuum sewer systems use differential atmospheric pressure to move the liquid to a central vacuum station.

 Maintenance 
Sanitary sewer overflow can occur due to blocked or broken sewer lines, infiltration of excessive stormwater or malfunction of pumps. In these cases untreated sewage is discharged from a sanitary sewer into the environment prior to reaching sewage treatment facilities. To avoid such overflows, maintenance is required. Blockage prevention campaigns or regulations (e.g. requiring the use of grease interceptors by some customers) may also be necessary.
The maintenance requirements vary with the type of sanitary sewer. In general, all sewers deteriorate with age, but infiltration and inflow are problems unique to sanitary sewers, since both combined sewers and storm drains are sized to carry these contributions. Holding infiltration to acceptable levels requires a higher standard of maintenance than necessary for structural integrity considerations of combined sewers.  A comprehensive construction inspection program is required to prevent inappropriate connection of cellar, yard, and roof drains to sanitary sewers. The probability of inappropriate connections is higher where combined sewers and sanitary sewers are found in close proximity, because construction personnel may not recognize the difference.  Many older cities still use combined sewers while adjacent suburbs were built with separate sanitary sewers.
For decades, when sanitary sewer pipes cracked or experienced other damage, the only option was an expensive excavation, removal and replacement of the damaged pipe, typically requiring street repavement afterwards.  In the mid-1950s a unit was invented where two units at each end with a special cement mixture in between was pulled from one manhole cover to the next, coating the pipe with the cement under high pressure, which then cured rapidly, sealing all cracks and breaks in the pipe. Today, a similar method using epoxy resin is used by some municipalities to re-line aging or damaged pipes, effectively creating a "pipe in a pipe". These methods may be unsuitable for locations where the full diameter of the original pipe is required to carry expected flows, and may be an unwise investment if greater wastewater flows may be anticipated from population growth, increased water use, or new service connections within the expected service life of the repair.
Another popular method for replacing aged or damaged lines is called pipe bursting, where a new pipe, typically PVC or ABS plastic, is drawn through the old pipe behind an "expander head" that breaks apart the old pipe as the new one is drawn through behind it.
These methods are most suitable for trunk sewers, since repair of lines with lateral connections is complicated by making provisions to receive lateral flows without accepting undesirable infiltration from inadequately sealed junctions.

 Ventilation 
Sometimes a sewer has a tall vent pipe to release foul gases well up away from people. Common names are, stink pipe, stink pole, stench pipe and sewer ventilation pipe.

 History 

Sanitary sewers evolved from combined sewers built where water was plentiful. Animal feces accumulated on city streets while animal-powered transport moved people and goods. Accumulations of animal feces encouraged dumping chamber pots into streets where night soil collection was impractical. Combined sewers were built to use surface runoff to flush waste off streets and move it underground to places distant from populated areas. Sewage treatment became necessary as population expanded, but increased volumes and pumping capacity required for treatment of diluted waste from combined sewers is more expensive than treating undiluted sewage.Communities that have urbanized in the mid-20th century or later generally have built separate systems for sewage (sanitary sewers) and stormwater, because precipitation causes widely varying flows, reducing sewage treatment plant efficiency.In the UK, the term "foul sewer" was also in use for a sanitary sewer.

 See also 
Blackwater (waste)
Fatberg (sewer obstruction)
Greywater
Sewer mining
Water pollution

 References 

Shelta
Shelta (; Irish: Seiltis) is a language spoken by Mincéirí (Irish Travellers), particularly in Ireland and the United Kingdom. It is widely known as the Cant, to its native speakers in Ireland as de Gammon or Tarri, and to the linguistic community as Shelta; other terms for it include the Seldru, and Shelta Thari, among others. The exact number of native speakers is hard to determine due to sociolinguistic issues but Ethnologue puts the number of speakers at 30,000 in the UK, 6,000 in Ireland, and 50,000 in the US. The figure for at least the UK is dated to 1990; it is not clear if the other figures are from the same source.Linguistically Shelta is today seen as a mixed language that stems from a community of travelling people in Ireland that was originally predominantly Irish-speaking. The community later went through a period of widespread bilingualism that resulted in a language based heavily on Hiberno-English with heavy influences from Irish. As different varieties of Shelta display different degrees of anglicisation, it is hard to determine the extent of the Irish substratum. The Oxford Companion to the English Language puts it at 2,000–3,000 words.

 Names and etymology 
The language is known by various names. People outside the Irish Traveller community often refer to it as [the] Cant, the etymology of which is a matter of debate. Speakers of the language refer to it as [the] Cant, [de] Gammon or Tarri. Amongst linguists, the name Shelta is the most commonly used term.Variants of the above names and additional names include Bog Latin, Gammon, Sheldru, Shelter, Shelteroch, the Ould Thing, Tinker's Cant, and Shelta Thari.

 Etymology 
The word Shelta appears in print for the first time in 1882 in the book The Gypsies by the "gypsiologist" Charles Leland, who claimed to have discovered it as the "fifth Celtic tongue". The word's etymology has long been a matter of debate. Modern Celticists believe that Irish siúl [ʃuːlʲ] "to walk" is at the root, either via a term such as siúltóir [ˈʃuːl̪ˠt̪ˠoːɾʲ] 'a walker' or a form of the verbal noun siúladh (cf. an lucht siúlta [ənˠ ˌl̪ˠʊxt̪ˠ ˈʃuːl̪ˠt̪ˠə], 'the walking people' (lit. 'the people of walks'), the traditional Irish term for Travellers). The Dictionary of Hiberno-English cites it as possibly a corruption of the word Celt. Since Shelta is a mixture of English and Irish grammar, the etymology is not straightforward. The language is made up mostly of Irish lexicon, being classified as a grammar-lexicon language with the grammar being English-based.

 Origins and history 
Linguists have been documenting Shelta since at least the 1870s. The first works were published in 1880 and 1882 by Charles Leland. Celticist Kuno Meyer and Romani expert John Sampson both assert that Shelta existed as far back as the 13th century.In the earliest but undocumented period linguists surmise that the Traveller community was Irish-speaking until a period of widespread bilingualism in Irish and Hiberno-English (and Scots in Scotland) set in, leading to creolisation (possibly with a trilingual stage). The resulting language is referred to as Old Shelta and it is suspected that this stage of the language displayed distinctive features, such as non-English syntactic and morphological features, no longer found in Shelta.Within the diaspora, various sub-branches of Shelta exist. Shelta in England is increasingly undergoing anglicisation, while American Irish-Traveller's Cant, originally also synonymous with Shelta, has by now been almost fully anglicised.

 Linguistic features 
Sociologist Sharon Gmelch describes the Irish Travellers' language as follows:
Irish Travellers use a secret argot or cant known as Gammon. It is used primarily to conceal meaning from outsiders, especially during business transactions and in the presence of police. Most Gammon utterances are terse and spoken so quickly that a non-Traveler might conclude the words merely had been garbled. Most Gammon words were formed from Irish by applying four techniques: reversal, metathesis, affixing, and substitution. In the first, an Irish word is reversed to form a Gammon one – mac, or 'son', in Irish became kam in Gammon. In the second, consonants or consonant clusters were transposed. Thirdly, a sound or cluster of sounds were either prefixed or suffixed to an Irish word. Some of the more frequently prefixed sounds were s, gr, and g. For example, obair, 'work or job', became gruber in Gammon. Lastly, many Gammon words were formed by substituting an arbitrary consonant or consonant cluster in an Irish word. In recent years, modern slang and Romani (the language of the gypsies) words have been incorporated. The grammar and syntax are English. The first vocabulary collected from Irish Travellers was published in 1808, indicating that Gammon dates at least back to the 1700s. But many early Celtic scholars who studied it, including Kuno Meyer, concluded it was much older.
Thus, by design, it is not mutually intelligible with either English or Irish.
Shelta is a secret language. Travellers do not like to share the language with outsiders, named Buffers, or non-travellers. When speaking Shelta in front of Buffers, Travellers will disguise the structure so as to make it seem like they aren't speaking Shelta at all.

 Lexicon 
While Shelta is influenced by English grammar, it is also a mixture of Irish words as well. The word order itself is altered, syllables are reversed, and many of the original words are Irish that have been altered or reversed. Many Shelta words have been disguised using techniques such as back slang where sounds are transposed (for example gop 'kiss' from Irish póg) or the addition of sounds (for example gather 'father' from Irish athair). Other examples include lackín or lakeen 'girl' from Irish cailín, and the word rodas 'door' from Irish doras.

 Grammar 
Shelta shares its main syntactic features with Hiberno-English and the majority of its morphological features such as -s plurals and past tense markers. Compare:

There is not as much importance put on gender in Shelta as in Irish. Plurals are shown with the English suffix /-s/ or /-i/, such as gloꭕ for 'man' becomes gloꭕi for 'men'.

 Phonology 
Shelta has 27 consonants and 10 vowels.
Many words are complex by incorporating numerous consonants within, as in the word skraꭕo for 'tree, bush' with the consonant /ꭕ/ being a hissing sound that is held in the back of the throat, and is held longer than other consonants.

 Loanwords 
Some Shelta words have been borrowed by mainstream English speakers, such as the word "bloke" meaning 'a man' in the mid-19th century.

 Orthography 
There is no standard orthography. Broadly speaking, Shelta can either be written following an Irish-type orthography or an English-type orthography. For example, the word for 'married' can either be spelled lósped or lohsped; the word for 'woman' can either be spelled beoir or byohr.

 Comparison texts 
Below are reproductions of the Lord's Prayer in Shelta as it occurred a century ago, current Shelta Cant, and modern English and Irish versions for comparison. The 19th-century Shelta version shows a high Shelta lexical content while the later Cant version shows a much lower Shelta lexical content. Both versions are adapted from Hancock who notes that the Cant reproduction is not exactly representative of actual speech in normal situations.

 See also 
Beurla Reagaird
Bungi dialect
Polari
Scottish Cant

 References 

 Bibliography 
Macalister, R. A. Stewart (1937). The Secret Languages of Ireland: with special reference to the origin and nature of the Shelta language. Cambridge University Press – via Internet Archive. Also reissued by Armagh: Craobh Rua Books (1997).
Velupillai, Viveka (2015). Pidgins, Creoles and Mixed Languages: An Introduction. Amsterdam: John Benjamins. ISBN 978-90-272-5271-5.

 External links 
Shelta lexicon and pronunciation guide

Chris Weidman
Christopher James Weidman (born June 17, 1984) is an American professional mixed martial artist. He is signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), where he competes in the middleweight division. He is a former UFC Middleweight Champion.
An accomplished amateur wrestler, Weidman was a two-time NJCAA All-American and a two-time NCAA Division I All-American during his collegiate career. He began his mixed martial arts career in 2008, and joined the UFC in 2011, soon amassing a 9–0 record. In 2013, Weidman came to worldwide prominence by defeating Anderson Silva to win the UFC Middleweight Championship. This ended Silva's 16-fight winning streak inside the UFC and his seven-year reign as the champion. Weidman retained the title for two and a half years, defending it three times.

 Background 
Weidman was born in Baldwin, New York, on June 17, 1984, the second of three children. He is of German and Irish descent and was raised as a Lutheran. He and his older brother were involved in numerous athletic activities. Chris started wrestling at a very young age. With his natural athleticism, he mastered the sport very quickly. He attended Baldwin Senior High School on Long Island where he was a Nassau County and New York state wrestling champion.A standout in college, he earned All-American wrestling honors twice at Nassau Community College before transferring to Hofstra. He became the first junior college wrestler in history to be an NYS Collegiate Champion. At Hofstra, he became a two-time NCAA Division I All-American, placing sixth at the 06' NCAA championships his junior year and third at the 07' NCAA's his senior year. Weidman graduated from Hofstra University with a bachelor's degree in psychology as well as a master’s in physical education. He was later a wrestling instructor of the university.

 Training 
While attending Hofstra, Weidman met Gabriel "Monsta" Toribio, who invited Weidman to come to Matt and Nick Serra's BJJ Academy a few miles from campus in Levittown, New York to help some of the fighters with their wrestling. Weidman also took some submission grappling classes and within three months he competed in and won The East Coast Grappler's Quest in his weight class and the Absolute Division with all 13 matches ending in submissions.With full-time assistant coaching and graduate school at Hofstra, grappling had to be put on hold for a while. While coaching, Weidman trained for the Olympic trials. When his dream was not attained, Weidman had to decide if he wanted to continue training for the world teams and Olympics or give MMA a shot. Toribio brought Weidman to Ray Longo's MMA Academy and introduced Weidman to Longo. With his noticeable technique and skills, Weidman was encouraged to train full-time to fight. In 2011, Longo and Weidman LAW MMA opened, where they are instructors, owners, and operators in Garden City, New York.

After winning the ADCC East Coast Trials, Weidman qualified for and competed at the 2009 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship (with one year of formal submission grappling training) in Barcelona where he lost in a quarter-final match-up.In May 2015, Weidman got a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu from Renzo Gracie and Matt Serra.

 Mixed martial arts career 

 Ring of Combat 
Weidman made his MMA professional debut representing the Serra-Longo Fight Team in February 2009 in Louis Neglia's Ring of Combat 23. He fought as a Middleweight against Reuben Lopes, whom he submitted quickly via kimura, at 1:35 of the first round. Two months later at Ring of Combat 24, he stopped Mike Stewart with punches in the first round.

In his third bout, Weidman won the Ring of Combat middleweight title on September 24, 2010, by defeating Uriah Hall at Ring of Combat 31 via punches in the first round. Weidman defended the ROC Middleweight Championship on December 3, 2010, at Ring of Combat 33 with an impressive victory over Valdir Araujo via unanimous decision. By this point Weidman was being called "one of the most highly-touted blue chip middleweight prospects ever". Weidman was offered contracts by numerous organizations, but Weidman elected to wait until the UFC offered him a contract, which he quickly accepted.

 Ultimate Fighting Championship 
Weidman made his UFC debut against Alessio Sakara on March 3, 2011, at UFC Live: Sanchez vs. Kampmann, replacing an injured Rafael Natal. Weidman, who took the fight on two weeks' notice and who was also nursing a rib injury, won a unanimous decision, scoring a decisive 30–27 on all three judges' scorecards.Weidman faced Jesse Bongfeldt on June 11, 2011, at UFC 131, replacing an injured Court McGee. Weidman defeated Bongfeldt via first round standing guillotine choke, earning "Submission of the Night" honors.Weidman next faced Tom Lawlor on November 19, 2011, at UFC 139. He won the fight via technical submission, rendering Lawlor unconscious with a D'Arce choke in the first round.Weidman defeated Demian Maia by unanimous decision (29–28, 30–27, and 29–28) on January 28, 2012, at UFC on Fox 2. The fight was initially announced as a split decision but the judges actually scored it as a unanimous decision, clarified by UFC President Dana White in a tweet. Weidman replaced Michael Bisping on eleven days' notice after Mark Muñoz was forced out of his fight with Chael Sonnen. Bisping was chosen to take Munoz's place in the co-main event.

Weidman faced Mark Muñoz on July 11, 2012, at UFC on Fuel TV: Muñoz vs. Weidman.  Weidman dominated Munoz throughout first round using his wrestling skills. In the second round, he knocked out Munoz with a counter elbow to the forehead followed by ground and pound to an unconscious Munoz, which awarded Weidman "Knockout of the Night" honors. After the fight, Weidman expressed a desire to fight Anderson Silva and become the  middleweight title holder.Weidman was expected to fight Tim Boetsch on December 29, 2012, at UFC 155. However, Weidman pulled out of the bout due to an injury and was replaced by Costas Philippou.

 UFC Middleweight Champion 
After nearly a year out of competition due to injury and Hurricane Sandy, on July 6, 2013, Weidman faced Anderson Silva for the UFC Middleweight title in UFC 162 before a crowd of 12,399 spectators at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. Bookmakers rated Weidman a 2–1 underdog; however, numerous pundits and fighters including long-reigning UFC welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre, picked Weidman to upset the long-reigning middleweight champion:
I believe it's a bad matchup for Anderson Silva. Very bad, style-wise. Anderson's weaknesses are Weidman's strengths. I've trained with Weidman, and his wrestling is on another level. Not only is Chris Weidman going to beat Anderson Silva, I believe he's going to finish Anderson. I believe it's not going to last too long, this fight. This fight will shock a lot of people.
As St-Pierre predicted, Weidman knocked out Silva early in the second round with another "Knockout of the Night" performance to become the new UFC Middleweight Champion. In the first round, Weidman took down the champion onto the canvas to apply some solid ground-and-pound. The second round saw Silva taunting and mocking Weidman until he was caught and dropped by Weidman's left hook which was followed with punches to the grounded Silva — rendering him unconscious. The loss to Weidman was Silva's first in the UFC and ended his seven-year, 17-fight undefeated streak. The KO victory gave Weidman the distinction of being the first person to have ever knocked out Silva in a mixed martial arts match. In honor of Weidman's victory, Nassau County proclaimed July seventeenth "Chris Weidman Day". Mixed Martial Arts website Sherdog also declared Weidman's knockout of Anderson Silva as "Knockout of the Year" for 2013.On July 13, 2013, the UFC President Dana White announced that Weidman would rematch Silva for his first title defense at UFC 168. Silva once again opened as the betting favorite.At UFC 168 on December 28, 2013, Weidman defended his title against Anderson Silva. In contrast to their first fight in UFC 162, there was no overt showboating by Silva, yet Weidman still had Silva in trouble early in the first round by dropping him — while in the clinch — with a right hook to the side of the head — followed by a barrage of punches. In spite of Weidman's onslaught, Silva managed to pull guard, regain his composure and bloodied Weidman's nose with some elbows and hammer-fist punches off his back.  Weidman, however, controlled the top position for the remainder of the round and landed punches and elbows. At the start of the second round, Silva attacked Weidman with a series of kicks including a heavy inside low kick which Weidman checked with his left knee.  This check snapped Silva's left fibula and tibia on contact. Silva immediately fell to the mat, forcing referee Herb Dean to stop the fight 1:16 into the second round and give Weidman the victory by TKO. Low kicks were some of Silva's most effective strikes in their first encounter, which led Weidman to focus on defending against them for the rematch.

That was the number one thing I got hit with in the first fight, so I did work a lot against guys with good kicks and was working on checking them a lot. I did think that if he's going to go that hard on kicks, as he usually does, if I catch it on my knee it could really hurt him. But it's still crazy how that happened.
My trainer, Ray Longo, actually broke a guy's leg like that in the gym by putting the knee right on that shin when he kicked, just by following [the kick] up slowly, It's not really going shin-to-shin, but getting your knee on the shin. I've done it in sparring with some hard kickers to let them know not to kick me anymore. Their legs didn't break, but they would either take a minute to walk it off or they wouldn't be kicking me as much. It's something I've definitely been working on, thanks to Longo.
Weidman was expected to defend his belt against Vitor Belfort at UFC 173. Weidman opened as a 2-to-1 betting favorite. After Vitor Belfort withdrew from his title bout at UFC 173, it was announced that Lyoto Machida will next face Weidman.  However, the bout was delayed after Weidman sustained a knee injury which required a minor surgery on both of his knees, including meniscal tears in both knees that he had since high school. The bout against Machida eventually took place on July 5, 2014, at UFC 175. Weidman retained his title, winning via unanimous decision (49–45, 48–47, and 49–46). After the fight his wife entered the octagon to kiss Weidman, whilst the audience cheered. The bout also earned Weidman his first Fight of the Night bonus award.A rescheduled bout with Belfort was expected to take place on December 6, 2014, at UFC 181. However, on September 22, it was announced that Weidman had suffered a broken hand and the bout was again rescheduled to take place on February 28, 2015, at UFC 184. However, on January 30, the UFC announced that Weidman had pulled out of the bout, citing an injury he sustained in training.  The bout with Belfort eventually took place on May 23, 2015, at UFC 187. After surviving an initial flurry of punches from Belfort, Weidman secured a takedown, went into the mount position, and won the fight via TKO due to strikes in the first round.In the fourth defense of his title, Weidman faced Luke Rockhold on December 12, 2015, in the co-main event at UFC 194. Weidman lost the bout and his title via TKO in the fourth round. That was the very first defeat of Weidman's career. After two and a half back-and-forth rounds, Weidman conceded a takedown after a missed wheel kick, Rockhold took Weidman's back and from there transitioned to the full mount landing heavy damage with ground and pound. After taking damage Weidman survived until the fourth round where Rockhold again took him down and continued his ground and pound success which ultimately  led to a fourth-round TKO stoppage by the referee Herb Dean. Both participants were awarded Fight of the Night honors.

 Post-championship 
A rematch with Rockhold was scheduled to take place on June 4, 2016, at UFC 199. However, Weidman pulled out of the fight on May 17 with a cervical disc herniation.Weidman signed a new, six-fight contract with UFC in late September 2016 and faced Yoel Romero on November 12, 2016, at UFC 205. Weidman lost the fight in the third round after getting knocked out by a flying knee.Weidman faced Gegard Mousasi at UFC 210. At 3:13 in the second round, Mousasi kneed Weidman twice in the head while Weidman had his hands near the ground. The referee stopped the fight because he thought that the second of these strikes were illegal. Weidman was allowed to recover, but after watching the replay the officials concluded the strike was legal. The doctors did not allow Weidman to continue and a TKO victory was granted to Mousasi.
Weidman next faced Kelvin Gastelum on July 22, 2017, at UFC on Fox 25. After being dropped at the end of the first round, Weidman rallied and submitted Gastelum via arm-triangle choke in the third round. Weidman appeared emotional and said at the post-fight press conference that the doubts and negative comments which he received during his three-fight losing streak were tough on him and his family and he was happy to be back in the game.
After the last debacle in the last fight. I had to sit back and listen to people doubt me and wait my turn to get back out here and show everybody what I'm made out of and man! I love my wife, I love my wife. Ah, this is a tough sport guys. This is a tough sport. You gotta have thick skin. The family has to have thick skin. Your coaches have to have thick skin. You drag your family through mud in this sport with the things that they have to hear. Feels good to get back where I deserve.
A rematch with Luke Rockhold was expected to take place on November 3, 2018 at UFC 230.  However, on October 19, 2018, it was reported Rockhold withdrew from the bout, citing an injury, and he was replaced by Ronaldo Souza. Weidman lost the back-and-forth bout via KO at 2:12 of the third round.  Both fighters earned Fight of the Night honors.

 Move to Light Heavyweight 
In June 2019, Weidman announced his intentions to move up to Light Heavyweight beginning later on in 2019. He cites numerous surgeries which prevent him from being able to cut to Middleweight as his reason for moving up weight classes.Weidman's light heavyweight debut took place on October 18, 2019 at UFC on ESPN 6 against Dominick Reyes in the main event. Weidman lost the fight via knockout in the first round.

 Return to Middleweight and injury 
Weidman was expected to face Jack Hermansson in a middleweight bout on May 2, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Hermansson vs. Weidman. However, on April 9, Dana White, the president of UFC announced that this event was postponed to a future date and the pairing was scrapped.Weidman faced Omari Akhmedov on August 8, 2020 at UFC Fight Night 174. He won the fight via unanimous decision.A rematch with Uriah Hall was expected to take place on February 13, 2021 at UFC 258.  However, Weidman was pulled from the event due to a positive COVID-19 test and the bout was cancelled, The rematch took place at UFC 261 on April 24, 2021. At the start of the first round, Weidman threw a heavy outside low kick which Hall checked with his left knee, causing Weidman's right fibula and tibia to snap on contact. Weidman immediately fell to the mat, with referee Herb Dean calling a stop to the fight and declaring Hall the winner via technical knockout. This injury was similar to the one Anderson Silva sustained against Weidman during their second match in December 2013, when Silva's left fibula and tibia were snapped after Weidman checked a leg kick.After the injury at UFC 261, Weidman was stretchered out of the octagon and was transported to the hospital, where he underwent surgery. He announced the following day that doctors had informed him that he would be unable to walk without crutches for eight weeks, and would need a recovery period of between six and twelve months before he could resume mixed martial arts training. As of mid-June, he had already returned to light training within seven weeks after sustaining the injury. Weidman then underwent a second surgery as the fracture was not healing properly. As of early 2022, Weidman hoped to have a fight scheduled before the end of the year.After over two years away, Weidman faced Brad Tavares at UFC 292 on August 19, 2023. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.Weidman is scheduled to face Bruno Silva on March 30, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 241.

 Professional grappling career 
Weidman won the ADCC East Coast Trials in 2009 and earned an invitation to that year's world championships. He competed at 88kg and lost on points to André Galvão in the opening round, before being submitted by Vinny Magalhães in the absolute division.
Weidman was booked to compete against ADCC veteran and Judoka Owen Livesey in the main event of Polaris 23 on March 11, 2023. He lost the match by unanimous decision.

 Personal life 
On October 29, 2012, Weidman's house was severely damaged by Hurricane Sandy. He subsequently volunteered to help rebuild Sandy victims' homes via the non-profit group Staten Strong.  Weidman is a practicing Christian. He and his wife Marivi have three children. The couple began dating during their high school days. Weidman and his family moved from New York to South Carolina in the summer of 2020.Weidman's sister is married to UFC fighter Stephen Thompson's brother.

 Filmography 

 Television 

 Championships and accomplishments 

 Collegiate wrestling 
National Collegiate Athletic Association
NCAA Division I All-American (2006, 2007)
NCAA Division I 197 lb – 6th place out of Hofstra University (2006)
NCAA Division I 197 lb – 3rd place out of Hofstra University (2007)
National Junior College Athletic Association
NJCAA All-American Team (2004, 2005)

 Mixed martial arts 
Ultimate Fighting Championship
UFC Middleweight Championship (One time)
Three successful title defenses
Third most title fight wins in UFC Middleweight division history (4)
Fight of the Night (Three times) vs. Lyoto Machida, Luke Rockhold and Ronaldo Souza
Knockout of the Night (Two times) vs. Mark Muñoz and Anderson Silva 1
2013 Knockout of the Year vs. Anderson Silva 1
2013 Upset of the Year vs. Anderson Silva 1
Submission of the Night (One time) vs. Jess Bongfeldt
Performance of the Night (One time) vs. Vitor Belfort
Tied (Jacare Souza) for third most Post-Fight bonuses in UFC Middleweight division history (7)
Most takedowns landed in UFC Middleweight division history (42)
Third longest win streak in UFC Middleweight division history (9)
2013 Fighter of the Year
2012 Half-Year Awards: Best Fighter of the 1HY
2011 Newcomer of the Year
Ring of Combat
ROC Middleweight Championship (One time)
One successful title defense
World MMA Awards
2012 Breakthrough Fighter of the Year
2013 Charles 'Mask' Lewis Fighter of the Year
Yahoo! Sports.com
2013 Male Fighter of the Year
Fight Matrix
2014 Most Noteworthy Match of the Year vs. Lyoto Machida on July 5, 2014
MMAJunkie.com
2014 July Fight of the Month vs. Lyoto Machida

 Mixed martial arts record 

 NCAA record 

 Pay-per-view bouts 

 See also 
List of current mixed martial arts champions
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists

 References 

 External links 

Professional MMA record for Chris Weidman from Sherdog
Chris Weidman at UFC
Chris Weidman Official Site

Susaye Greene
Susaye Greene (born September 13, 1948) is an American singer and songwriter. She was the last official member to join the Motown girl group The Supremes, remaining in the group during its final year of existence from 1976 to 1977. She is a successful songwriter as well, having written hit records for Michael Jackson, Deniece Williams, and many others.

 Biography 

 Early life and career 
Born in Houston, Texas, Greene began her professional career at age 12. As a teenager, she moved to New York City where she attended Professional Children School, graduating in 1966 and later from the New York City High School of Performing Arts, and appeared in various commercials. Prior to joining The Supremes, Greene sang with Ray Charles' Raelettes and Stevie Wonder's Wonderlove, which paired her with Deniece Williams and Shirley Brewer. In 1973 she sang lead as a guest vocalist on New Birth's hit "Until It's Time for You to Go" (a cover of Buffy Sainte-Marie's song). In 1975 she co-wrote "Free", Williams' breakthrough single.

 The Supremes 
Greene was a member of The Supremes from February 1976 to June 1977 (replacing Cindy Birdsong), and performed on their last two albums, High Energy and Mary, Scherrie & Susaye. Working alongside original member Mary Wilson and Scherrie Payne, Susaye quickly found her niche in the group and amongst the group's legions of fans. Susaye took lead on "He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother," in the group's live shows, which never failed to garner a standing ovation, and recorded "High Energy", the title song from the High Energy album. On June 12, 1977, the Supremes performed their farewell concert at the Drury Lane Theater in London and disbanded.

 After The Supremes 
In 1979, two years after The Supremes disbanded, Greene recorded a duet album with Payne entitled Partners under the name "Scherrie & Susaye". She also hosted her own cable television show, Hollywood Hot, and continued writing for various artists. One of her most noteworthy compositions was the track "I Can't Help It", co-written with Stevie Wonder for Michael Jackson's Off the Wall.
While touring England in 1984 with Wonder, Greene met her present husband in London and relocated there. In 1986, she sang lead on jazz saxophonist Courtney Pine's single "Children of the Ghetto". She signed with Ian Levine's Motorcity label, based in the United Kingdom, in 1989. She released two solo singles on Motorcity – "Stop, I Need You Now" in 1990, and her own version of "Free" in 1991. She also recorded the duet "It's Impossible" with Billy Eckstine. An unreleased demo recording of "Don't Pity The Fool" also exists, although no vocals were added. On July 5, 2014, Greene, along with Payne performed at the Sheraton in Los Angeles a concert program based on their album "Partners" which was released by Motown in 1979. They were featured in the magazine Daeida, with a photo shoot. The article chronicled career highlights with the Supremes and separately and the re-release of their "Partners" album on CD.
In October 2017, Greene replaced Lynda Laurence in the Former Ladies of the Supremes alongside Payne and Joyce Vincent Wilson. 

 Solo albums 
Around the turn of the new millennium, Greene moved back to the United States, and in 2002, she finally released her first solo album, No Fear Here. Two singles and a video were released to critical acclaim. Greene penned most of the album herself. Susaye Greene released her second solo album, Brave New Shoes, in 2005.

 Album appearances 
High Energy – with The Supremes
Mary, Scherrie & Susaye – with The Supremes
At Their Best – with The Supremes
Partners – duet album with former Supreme Scherrie Payne
Songs in the Key of Life – Stevie Wonder (background vocals)
Hotter than July – Stevie Wonder (background vocals)
Journey to the Urge Within – Courtney Pine (Lead vocals on "Children of The Ghetto", 1986)
Vital Blue – Blue Mitchell (Mainstream, 1971)

 Songwriting credits 
"Free" – Deniece Williams
"Stop! I Need You Now"
"No Fear Here"
"Bewitched"
"I Can't Help It" – included in Michael Jackson's 1979 release Off the Wall; later included in Pebbles 1995 release, "Straight from My Heart". Also Davina in 1998.

 Filmography 

 Presence in the online artistic community 
Susaye Greene is also a member of the world's largest online art community, DeviantArt. She joined DeviantArt on September 17, 2004, under the pseudonym "supremextreme". On September 21, 2005, Susaye was featured on DeviantArt's on-site chat network, "dAmn", for one of the community's regularly sponsored "Featured Chats". She interacted with members of the DeviantArt community-at-large, answering questions about her life, career, inspirations, motivations, and her time on the art site itself. Greene continues to be an active member on DeviantArt and is preparing 3D images of her Supremextreme character for her first short animated feature film. She is also a key figure in The one million masterpiece charity project, an online arts event aiming to raise over $6 million for global causes. Susaye is heavily involved in the marketing of the project to the artistic community.

 Personal life 
Susaye was married to Ed Brown; together they owned a company called "Mud", a mixture of their colorful names, Brown and Greene. Susaye is currently married to Stephen Coton; they have one son, Daniel.

 References 

 External links 
SupremeXtreme

List of organizations that self-identify as Native American tribes
These organizations, located within the United States, self-identify as Native American tribes or heritage groups, but they are not federally recognized tribes or state-recognized tribes.
For groups that are recognized by the government of the United States as Native American tribes and tribal nations, see List of federally recognized tribes in the contiguous United States and List of Alaska Native tribal entities. For groups that are recognized by state governments as Native American tribes, see State-recognized tribes in the United States.
Most of these organizations are not accepted as being Native American by established Native American tribes. Exceptions exist, including tribes whose previous recognition was terminated, especially in California under the California Rancheria Termination Acts. Certain historic tribes in California signed treaties in 1851 and 1852 that the U.S. Senate secretly rejected after being pressured from the State of California; many of these historic tribes remain unrecognized.The following groups claim to be of Native American, American Indian, Alaska Native, or Métis heritage by ethnicity but have no federal recognition through the United States Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs Office of Federal Acknowledgment (OFA), United States Department of the Interior Office of the Solicitor (SOL), and are not recognized by any state government in the United States. 
Some of the organizations are regarded as fraudulent and called Corporations Posing as Indigenous Nations (CPAIN).

 List of unrecognized groups claiming to be American Indian tribes 

Following is a list of groups known to self-identify as Native American tribes but that have been recognized neither by the federal government (Bureau of Indian Affairs) nor by any state nor tribal government. 

 Alabama 
Cherokee Nation of Alabama. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/16/1999.
Cherokee River Indian Community, Moulton, AL. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/03/2000. Receipt of Petition 08/03/2000.
Chickamauga Cherokee of Alabama.
Chickmaka Band of the South Cumberland Plateau.
Coweta Creek Tribe, Phenix City, AL. Letter of Intent to Petition 2/12/2003.
Eagle Bear Band of Free Cherokees.
The Langley Band of the Chickamogee Cherokee Indians of the Southeastern United States, aka Langley Band of Chickamogee of Cherokee Indians, Birmingham, AL Letter of Intent to Petition 04/20/1994; Postal service certified letter returned 11/5/1997.
Phoenician Cherokee II – Eagle Tribe of Sequoyah, Gadsden, AL Letter of Intent to Petition 09/18/2001.
Powhatan Nation of American Indians, Enterprise, AL
Principal Creek Indian Nation East of the Mississippi, Florala, AL. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/09/1971. Declined to Acknowledge 06/10/1985 50 FR 14302; certified letter returned "not known" 10/1997.
Wolf Creek Cherokee Tribe, Inc. of Florida.  Also in Florida.

 Alaska 
Chilkoot Kaagwaantaan Clan, Haines, AK. Letter of Intent to Petition 4/22/1997.
Five Landless Alaska Tlingit communities.  These Tlingit communities were omitted from the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act and received neither land nor subsistence rights under the Act.
Katalla-Chilkat Tlingit Tribe of Alaska, Juneau, AK. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/02/1995; certified letter returned by P.O. 10/1997.
Knugank, Dillingham, AK. Letter of Intent to Petition 1/7/1999.
Qutekcak Native Tribe, Seward, AK. Letter of Intent to Petition 2/13/2002. Receipt of Petition 2/13/2002.
Tsimshian Tribal Council, Ketchikan, AK. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/02/1978.

 Arizona 
American Cherokee Confederacy
Arizona Cherokee Pioneers
Barrio Pascua – a village of Yaqui on the Arizona-Mexico border region.
Chiricahua Apache Ndeh Nation, Silver City, AZ
The United Cherokee Nation (UCN) – Western National Office. Also in Georgia. Supposed "clans" organized in these areas, often calling themselves as "Cherokee Nation of ...": Alabama, Alaska, Alberta, Arizona (Georgia, Nevada), Arkansas, California, Colorado (New Mexico, Utah), Connecticut, Cyprus, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho (Montana), Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana (Mississippi), Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri (Kansas), Nebraska (Iowa), New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin (Illinois (Chicago and Metropolis branches), Minnesota) and Wyoming.

 Arkansas 
Amonsoquath Tribe of Cherokee, Van Buren, MO
Arkansas Band of Western Cherokee (formerly Western Arkansas Cherokee Tribe), Sulphur Springs, AR. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/07/1998.
Arkansas Cherokee (also known as Chickamauga Cherokee of Arkansas), Conway, AR. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/21/2008.
Arkansas Cherokee Nation, Conway, AR
Arkansas White River Cherokee (also in Florida), Lady Lake, FL
Central Tribal Council, Mammoth Springs, AR. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/21/2003. Receipt of Petition 01/21/2003.
Cherokee Nation West of Missouri and Arkansas (formerly Cherokee Nation West or Southern Band of the Eastern Cherokee Indians of Arkansas and Missouri). Letter of Intent to Petition 5/11/1998. Also in Missouri.
Cherokee-Choctaw Nation of St. Francis and Black Rivers, Paragould, AR. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/01/2006.
Confederated Western Cherokees of Arkansas.
Lost Cherokee of Arkansas and Missouri, Conway, AR. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/10/1999; letter returned, marked "in dispute" between two different addresses.Lost Cherokee of Arkansas and Missouri (I). Faction in Conway, AR.
Lost Cherokee of Arkansas and Missouri (II). Faction in Dover, AR.
Manataka American Indian Council, Hot Springs, AR
Neches Tribe – Cherokee Nation, Hot Springs, AR
Northern Cherokee Nation. Dissolved into three groups:
Chickamauga Cherokee Nation (I), also known as Chickamauga Cherokee Nation MO/AR White River Band and as White River Band of Northern Cherokee Nation of Missouri and Arkansas. Also in Missouri and Oklahoma. There is also a Chickamauga Cherokee Nation White River Band (II) in Oklahoma.
Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory, Columbia, MO. Letter of Intent to Petition 2/19/1992. Also in Missouri.
Kanasas (Awi Akta) District of NCNOLT.
Oklahoma (Ani Tsi Na) District of the NCNOLT.
Northern Cherokee Tribe of Indians of Missouri and Arkansas. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/26/1985. Also in Missouri.
Old Settler Cherokee Nation of Arkansas. Letter of Intent to Petition 9/17/1999.
Ouachita Cherokee of Cherokee Nation West, Mena, AR
Ozark Mountain Cherokee Tribe of Arkansas and Missouri, Melbourne, AR. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/19/1999. Receipt of Petition 10/19/1999. Also in Missouri.
Red Nation of the Cherokee, Augusta, KS Also in Kansas.
Revived Ouachita Indians of Arkansas and America, Story, AR. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/25/1990.
Sac River and White River Bands of the Chickamauga-Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri Inc. (formerly Northern Chickamauga Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri), Chandler, OK. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/05/1991. Also in Missouri.
Western Cherokee of Arkansas and Louisiana Territories. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/05/2001. Also in Missouri.
Western Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri, Mena, AR. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/01/1998. Also in Missouri.
Western Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri, Conway, AR. Separate from the Mena group, this Conway group was represented by Cary G. Kuykendall.

 California 
Alexander Valley Mishewal Wappo, also Mishewal Wappo Indians of Alexander Valley
Alexander Valley Rancheria, formerly federally recognized, terminated on August 1, 1961
Amah Mutsun band of Ohlone/Costanoan Indians (formerly Amah Band of Ohlone/Costanoan Indians). Letter of Intent to Petition 09/18/1990.
Amonsoquath Tribe of Cherokee. Letter of Intent to Petition.  Also in Missouri.
Ani Yvwi Yuchi (Cherokee). Letter of Intent to Petition 7/31/1996.
Antelope Valley Paiute Tribe (a.k.a. Antelope Valley Indian Community). Letter of Intent to Petition 07/09/1976.
Atahun Shoshones of San Juan Capistrano
Barbareño/Ventureño Band of Mission Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/17/2002. Receipt of Petition 01/17/2002.
Big Meadows Lodge Tribe
Binay Yeha Noha Bear Clan Tribe Letter of Intent to Petition 08/31/2020
Cache Creek Rancheria, formerly federally recognized, terminated on April 11, 1961
Calaveras County Band of Miwuk Indians, Letter of Intent to Petition 08/31/2001. also Calaveras Band of Miwuk Indians, West Point
California Indian Council/Lulapin
Callattakapa Choctaw Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/13/2004.
Calusa-Seminole Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/28/1998.
Cherokee Nation Heritage Organization of California.
The Cherokees of California.
Chilula Tribe
The Chiricahua Tribe of California. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/24/2003.
Choctaw Allen Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/20/2003.
Choinumni Council. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/14/1988. Certified letter undeliverable 10/1997
Chukchansi Yokotch Tribe of Mariposa CA. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/25/1993.
Chumash Council of Bakersfield. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/18/2005.
Coastal Band of Chumash. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/25/1982.
Coastal Gabrieleño Diegueño Band of Mission Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 3/18/1997.
Coastanoan Band of Carmel Mission Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/16/1988.
Colfax-Todds Valley Consolidated Tribe of the Colfax Rancheria
Confederation of Aboriginal Nations
Costanoan Rumsen Carmel Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/24/1994.
Costanoan Tribe of Santa Cruz and San Juan Bautista Missions. Letter of Intent to Petition 5/11/1999; Letter of Intent withdrawn 5/10/2000.
Costoanoan Ohlone Rumsen-Mutsen Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/07/1994.
Diegueño Band of San Diego Mission Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/15/2003.
The Displaced Elem Lineage Emancipated Members (a.k.a. DELEMA). Letter of Intent to Petition 05/11/1998.
Dumna-Wo-Wah Tribal Government (formerly Dumna Tribe of Millerton Lake). Letter of Intent to Petition 01/22/2002. Receipt of Petition 01/22/2002 as "Dumna Tribal Council."
Dunlap Band of Mono Indians (a.k.a. Mono Tribal Council of Dunlap). Letter of Intent to Petition 01/04/1984. Letter of Intent withdrawn 7/2/2002; Letter of Intent to Petition 8/9/2005.
El Dolorado Rancheria, formerly federally recognized, terminated on July 16, 1966
Eshom Valley Band of Michahai and Wuksachi. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/24/2005.
Esselen/Coastanoan Tribe of Monterey County (formerly Esselen Tribe of Monterey Council). Letter of Intent to Petition 11/16/1992; withdrawn 11/15/1996.
Fernandeño/Tataviam Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/24/1995.
Gabrieleño Band of Mission Indians of California. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/03/1998. Recognized only as band of the Gabrieliño-Tongva Tribe.
Gabrieliño/Tongva Indians of California Tribal Council. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/14/1997.  Recognized only as band of the Gabrieliño-Tongva Tribe.
Gabrieliño/Tongva Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/21/1994. Recognized only as band of the Gabrieliño-Tongva Tribe.
Gabrieliño-Tongva Tribe, also known as the San Gabriel Band of Mission Indians. In 1994, the State of California recognized the Gabrieliño-Tongva Tribe in Assembly Joint Resolution 96, Resolution Chapter 146 of the Statutes of 1994; however, it has no state-recognized tribes today. The tribe, however, has broken into several factions, some of whom are seeking federal recognition as separate tribes. The three largest and most prominent factions are:
Gabrieliño-Tongva Tribe (or the San Gabriel Band of Mission Indians, as it was historically referred to)
Gabrieleño/Tongva Tribal Council of San Gabriel
Gabrieleño/Tongva Nation, also Gabrieliño/Tongva Tribe of the Los Angeles Basin).In past years, bills have been introduced in the California legislature to create a Gabrieliño-Tongva Reservation for the tribe and grant the tribe gaming rights; however, these bills failed to make it to the Governor's desk. In their most recent attempt, Senate Bill 1134 introduced on January 30, 2008 would have created the Gabrieliño/Tongva Reservation without giving the tribe gaming rights. However, when the principal author, Senator Oropeza, found out that the tribe would use the reservation for leverage to obtain gaming rights, she pulled her sponsorship of the bill.Honey Lake Maidu. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/01/2000. Receipt of Petition 06/01/2000.
Hownonquet Community Association
Indian Canyon Band of Coastanoan/Mutsun Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/09/1989.
Independence 14 (Miranda Allotment)
Indian Cultural Organization
Indian Ranch Rancheria, formerly federally recognized, terminated on September 22, 1964
Juaneño Band of Mission Indians, Acjachemen Nation (II). (Copycat band) Letter of Intent to Petition 3/8/1996. Decline to Acknowledge 12/03/2007 (72 FR 67951).
Kawaiisu Tribe of the Tejon Indian Reservation
Kern Valley Indian Community. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/27/1979.
Konkow Valley Band of Maidu. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/20/1998.
Maidu Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 1/6/1977
Mark West Rancheria, formerly federally recognized, terminated on April 11, 1961
Melochundum Band of Tolowa Indians
Mishkanaka (Chumash)
Mission Creek Reservation, formerly federally recognized, terminated on July 14, 1970
Miwok Tribe
Monachi Indian Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/14/2004.
Mono Lake Indian Community. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/09/1976.
Muwekma Ohlone Tribe (formerly Ohlone/Costanoan Muwekma Tribe a.k.a. Muwekma Indian Tribe: Costanoan/Ohlone Indian Families of the San Francisco Bay). Letter of Intent to Petition 05/09/1989.  Declined to Acknowledge 9/17/2002 (67 FR 58631); decision effective 12/16/2002.
Nashville Eldorado Miwok Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/09/2004.
Nevada City Rancheria, formerly federally recognized, terminated on September 22, 1961
Nor-Rel-Muk Nation (formerly Hayfork Band; formerly Nor-El-Muk Band of Wintu Indians).  Letter of Intent to Petition 01/05/1984.
North Fork Band of Mono Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/07/1983.
North Valley Yokut Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/22/2000. Receipt of Petition 09/22/2000.
Northern Band of Mono-Yokuts. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/22/2006.
Northern Maidu Maidu Tribe
Northfolk Band of Mono Indians
Ohlone/Costanoan – Esselen Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/03/1992.
Paskenta Band of Momlaki Indians
Rancho San Timoteo Band of Serrano Indians
Ruffeys Rancheria, formerly federally recognized, terminated on April 11, 1961
San Cayetano Band of Cahuilla Indians or the Montoya Band of Cahuilla Indians
Salinan Nation (a.k.a. Salinan Chumash Nation). Letter of Intent to Petition 10/10/1989.
Salinan Tribe of Monterey & San Luis Obispo Counties. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/13/1993.
San Fernando Band of Mission Indians (formerly Ish Panesh United Band of Indians; formerly Oakbrook Chumash People a.k.a. Ish Panesh Band of Mission Indians, Oakbrook Park Chumash). Letter of Intent to Petition 05/25/1995.
San Luis Rey Band of Mission Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/18/1984.
Shasta Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/28/1982.
She-Bel-Na Band of Mendocino Coast Pomo Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/01/2006.
Sierra Foothill Wuksachi Yokuts Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/11/1999.
Southern Sierra Miwuk Nation (formerly American Indian Council of Mariposa County a.k.a. Yosemite). Letter of Intent to Petition 04/24/1982.
Strawberry Valley Rancheria, formerly federally recognized, terminated on April 11, 1961
Tehatchapi Tribe of the Tejon Reservation
Tinoqui-Chalola Council of Kitanemuk and Yowlumne Tejon Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/16/1996.
Tolowa Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/31/1983.
Tolowa-Tututni Tribe. Also in Oregon.
Toulumne Algerine Band of Yokut. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/23/2006.
Tuolumne Band of Cherokee Indians.
Traditional Choinuymni Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/29/2000. Receipt of Petition 03/29/2000.
T'Si-akim Maidu. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/16/1998.
Tsnungwe Council (a.k.a. South Fork Hupa). Letter of Intent to Petition 09/22/1992.
United Hourma Nation, Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 3/22/1994.
United Lumbee Nation of North Carolina and America. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/28/1980; Declined to Acknowledge 07/02/1985 (50 FR 18746).  Also in North Carolina.
United Maidu Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/06/1977.
Wadatkuht Band of the Northern Paiutes of the Honey Lake Valley. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/26/1995.
Washoe/Paiute of Antelope Valley. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/09/1976.
Winnemem Wintu Tribe
Wintoon Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/26/1984; certified letter returned by P.O. 10/1997.
The Wintoon Tribe of Northern California, Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/27/2005.
Wintu Indians of Central Valley, California. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/26/1984; certified letter returned by P.O. 10/1997.
Wintu of Shasta-Toyon
Wintu Tribe of Northern California. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/25/1993.
Woodfords Community Council
Wukchumni Council. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/22/1988. Certified letter undeliverable 10/1997.
Xolon Salinan Tribe, Bay Point. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/18/2001.
Yamassee Native American Association of Nations, Van Nuys California
Yokayo Tribe of Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/09/1987. Certified letter returned by P.O. 10/1997
Yosemite Mono Lake Paiute Indian Community. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/06/2005.

 Colorado 
Munsee Thames River Delaware, Manitou Springs, CO. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/22/1977; declined to Acknowledge 01/03/1983 47 FR 50109.
Council for the Benefit of the Colorado Winnebagoes, Aurora, CO. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/26/1993; certified letter returned "attempted, not known" 11/5/1997.

 Connecticut 
Algonquian Confederacy of the Quinnipiac Tribal Council
Grasmere Band of Wangunk Indians of Glastonbury, Connecticut (formerly the Pequot Mohegan Tribe, Inc.). Letter of Intent to Petition 4/12/1999.
The Mohegan Tribe & Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/06/1992.
Native American Mohegans, Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 9/19/2002. Receipt of Petition 9/19/2002.
The Nehantic Tribe and Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 9/5/1997.
New England Coastal Schaghticoke Indian Association
Nipmuc Indian Bands
Paugussett Tribal Nation of Waterbury, Connecticut. Letter of Intent to Petiton 7/3/2002. Receipt of Petition 7/3/2002.
Pocasset Wampanoag Indian Tribe, Cheshire, CT. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/01/1995
Poquonnock Pequot Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 7/7/1999.
Schaghticoke Tribe, Bridgeport, not the same as the Schaghticoke Indian Tribe, Kent, CT.
The Southern Pequot Tribe (a.k.a. The Southern Pequot Tribal Nation of Waterford). Letter of Intent to Petition 7/7/1998.
The Western Pequot Tribal Nation of New Haven, West Haven. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/27/2000.

 Delaware 
Assateague Peoples Tribe, Frankford, DE

 District of Columbia 
Cherokee Tuscarora Nation of Turtle Island

 Florida 
Apalachicola Band of Creek Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/17/2004
Arkansas White River Cherokee (a.k.a. Chickamauga Cherokee Nation - White River Band (I)). Letter of Intent to Petition 10/22/2003. Despite the Arkansas name, the group is located in Florida. There is also a Chickamauga Cherokee Nation - White River Band (II) and (III) in Oklahoma.
Binay Tribe
Chickamauga Cherokee Indian Creek Band
Choctaws of Florida (a.k.a. Hunter Tsalagi-Choctaw Tribe). Letter of Intent to Petition 03/02/2005. Declined to acknowledge 2013-07-11.
Choctaw Nation of Florida.
Church of the Métis Tribe.
Creeks East of the Mississippi (a.k.a. Principal Creek Indian Nation East of the Mississippi). Letter of Intent to Petition 03/21/1973 (petitioned as part of a State-recognized tribe Lower Muskogee Creek Tribe – East of the Mississippi, Inc., Georgia); declined to Acknowledge 12/21/1981 46 FR 51652, see also 47 FR 14783
Echota Cherokee Tribe of Florida
Florida Mockingbird Clan
Florida Tribe of Cherokee Indians, Inc
Florida Tribe of Eastern Creeks.
Indian Creek Band, Chickamauga Creek & Cherokee Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/19/2004.
Lower Chattahoochee Band of Yuchi Indians
Muscogee Nation of Florida (formerly Florida Tribe of Eastern Creek Indians). Letter of Intent to Petition 06/02/1978; awaiting Active Consideration; all documents have been filed with BAR.
Creek-Euchee Band of Indians of Florida. Letter of Intent to Petition; Receipt of Petition 11/23/1999. Letter of Intent withdrawn 10/20/2000; merged with Florida Tribe of Eastern Creek Indians
Ocali Nation, Ocala, FL
Oklewaha Band of Seminoles.
Ouachita Indians of Florida and America
Original Miccosukee Simanolee Nation, Clewiston, FL. Also Council of the Original Miccosukee Simanolee Nation Aboriginal Peoples.
Perdido Bay Tribe of Lower Muscogee Creeks
Rainbow Tribes, Tampa Bay, FL
Red Nation's Intertribal
Santa Rosa Band of the Lower Muscogee, also Santa Rosa County Creek Indian Tribe, Milton, FL
Seminole Nation of Florida (a.k.a. Traditional Seminole).  Letter of Intent to Petition 08/05/1983; referred to SOL for determination 5/25/1990.
Siwanoy Nation Incorporated, Tampa, FL
Sovereign Miccosukee Seminole Nation, a.k.a. Everglades Miccosukee Tribe of Seminole Indians.
Topachula Tribe
Tuscola United Cherokee Tribe of Florida, Inc. (formerly Tuscola United Cherokees of Florida & Alabama, Inc.). Letter of Intent to Petition 01/19/1979; withdrawn at petitioner's request 11/24/1997; reinstated 2005.
Wolf Creek Cherokee Tribe, Inc. of Florida, Milton, FL. Also in Alabama.

 Georgia 
American Cherokee Confederacy (see Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy, Inc. (SECC) below). Known Bands: Horse Band (OK).
Broad River Band of Cherokee.
Cane Break Band of Eastern Cherokees. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/09/1979; rejoined Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokees, Inc. (I), notification 7/16/1997
Cherokee Indians of Georgia, Inc.
Chickamauga Cherokee Band of Northwest Georgia.
Georgia Band of Chickasaw Indians (formerly Mississippi Band of Chickasaw Indians). Letter of Intent to Petition 9/15/1998.
Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokees, Inc. (II).  This is an unrecognized tribe in Dahlonega, GA, that have the same name as a State-recognized tribe Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokees, Inc. (I).
Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokees, Inc. (III).  This is an unrecognized tribe that have the same name as a State-recognized tribe Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokees, Inc. (I).
Kokeneschv Natchez Nation.
Manahoac Saponi Nation
North Georgia Cherokee Indians.
South-Eastern Indian Nation. Incomplete Letter of Intent to Petition 01/05/1996; Incomplete Letter of Intent withdrawn at petitioner's request 11/10/1997.
Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy, Inc. (SECC) Letter of Intent to Petition 03/09/1978; Declined to Acknowledge 11/25/1985 (50 FR 39047).  Became the American Cherokee Confederacy on 1/31/1996, with a breakaway group Southeastern Cherokee Council, Inc. (SeCCI) forming on the same day. Bands: Northwest Cherokee Wolf Band (OR), Red Clay Intertribal Indian Band (TN).
Southeastern Cherokee Council, Inc. (SeCCI). Also in Michigan. Bands and Clans: Big Lake Eagle Band (AK), Black Wolf Clan (KY), Blue Band (FL), Buffalo Creek Band (TN), Earth Band (PA), Enola Band (NC), Grey Wolf Clan of Ochlocknee (GA), Hummingbird Band (CA), Hummingbird Medicine Band (MO), Little Wolf Band (MI), Long Hair Band (FL), Lost Tribes Band (MI, MN), Many Waters Band (DE, MD), Mountain Band (NC), Myrtlewood Band (OR), Nighthawk Medicine Clan (FL), Northern Lights Band (MN), One Spirit Band (TN), Panther Band (GA), Patoka Valley Band (IN), Red Cedar (VA), Running Horse Band (TX), Tennessee Chota Band (TN), Turtle Band (OK), Turtle Island Band (OH), Turtle Moon Band (FL), Uwharie Band (NC), Wandering Waters Band (MI), Wee Toc Band (NC), Where Rivers Meet Band (MI), Windsong Band (DC (MD)).
Southeastern Indian Nation.
Tama Indian Tribe
Uganawvkalvgv Kituwah Ayeli, also known as Southeast Kituwah Nation.
The United Cherokee Nation (UCN) – Eastern National Office. Also in Arizona.
The United Creeks of Georgia
The Yamassee Native American Moors of the Creek Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 4/27/1999.

 Idaho 
Delawares of Idaho, Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/26/1979.
Lemhi-Shoshone Tribes was stripped of recognition in 1907.

 Illinois 
Choctaw Nation Mississippi River Clan
The People of the Mountains. Letter of Intent 6/3/2004.
Vinyard Indian Settlement of Shawnee Indians. Bill HB3217 proposed for state recognition.

 Indiana 
Eel River Tribe Inc. of Indiana. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/13/2006.
Lone Wolf Band of Cherokee Indians.
Miami Nation of Indians of the State of Indiana, Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/02/1980; Declined to Acknowledge 08/17/1992 57 FR 27312.
Northern Cherokee Tribe of Indiana. Letter of Intent to Petition 7/26/1985
United Métis TribeBuffalo Spirit Band of the United Métis Tribe
Nimkii Band of the United Métis Tribe
Upper Kispoko Band of the Shawnee Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/10/1991; certified letter returned undeliverable 10/30/1997.
Wea Indian Tribe. Claims re-establishment in 2000 Letter of Intent to Petition 03/21/2007.
Wea Indian Tribe of Indiana. Claims re-establishment in 2004 Letter of Intent to Petition 11/29/2006.
The Zibiodey / River Heart Metis Association/Band

 Iowa 
United People of Cherokee Heritage.

 Kansas 
Delaware-Muncie Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/19/1978.
Kaweah Indian Nation, Inc. Also in North Carolina.
Neutral Land Cherokee Group. Also in Missouri.
Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory. Located in Arkansas and Missouri
Kanasas (Awi Akta) District of NCNOLT. – Located in Kansas
Oklahoma (Ani Tsi Na) District of the NCNOLT. – Located in Oklahoma.
Red Nation of the Cherokee. Also in Arkansas.
Swan Creek & Black River Chippewas.
United Tribe of Shawnee Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/06/1995.
Wyandot Nation of Kansas. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/12/1994.

 Kentucky 
Black Wolf Clan of SE Cherokee Council, Inc.
Cherokee Tribe of Kentucky.
Kentucky Cherokee Heritage Group
Kentucky Southern Cherokee—Osda Nuwati, Louisville, KY
Southeastern Kentucky Shawnee
Southern Cherokee Nation of Kentucky.
Ridgetop Shawnee Tribe of Indians, Hazard, KY, received a congratulary resolution, HJR15 09RS in 2009
Tribe of the Whitetop Band of Native Indians, Radcliffe, KY

 Louisiana 
Apalachee Indian Tribe, Alexandra, LA. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/22/1996.
Apalachee Indians Talimali Band, Stonewall, LA
Atakapa-Ishak Nation, Lake Charles, LA
Avogel Nation of Louisiana, Marksville, LA. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/13/2000.
Avogel, Okla Tasannuk, Tribe/Nation, Duson, LA. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/19/2001.
Avoyel-Kaskaskia Tribe of Louisiana, Marksville, LA. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/20/2005.
The Avoyel-Taensa Tribe/Nation of Louisiana Inc., Marksville, LA. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/09/2003. Receipt of Petition 01/09/2003.
Bayou Lacombe Band of Choctaw, St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana
Biloxi, Chitimacha Confederation of Muskogees, Inc., Bourg, LA
Chahta Tribe.
Kispoko Sept of Ohio Shawnee.
Louisiana Choctaw Turtle Tribe.
Red Shoe Tribe, Kinder, LA. Letter of Intent to Petition 6/21/2010.
Talimali Band, The Apalachee Indians of Louisiana (formerly Apalachee Indians of Louisiana), Libuse, LA. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/05/1996.

 Maine 
Wesget Sipu Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 6/4/2002. Receipt of Petition 6/4/2002.

 Maryland 
Federation: Moorish Science Temple of America, Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/23/96; determined ineligible to petition 5/15/1997.
Nause-Waiwash Band of Indians, Vienna, MD
Notoweega Nation. Filed with the Maryland Indian Commission for state recognition 6/9/2021.
Pocomoke Indian Nation, Eden, MD
Youghiogaheny River Band Of Shawnee Indians

 Massachusetts 
Assawompsett-Nemasket Band of Wampanoags, Lakeville, MA
Assonet Band of Wampanoags, New Bedford, MA
Chappaquiddick Band of Massachusetts, Andover, MA Letter of Intent to Petition 5/31/2007.
Chappaquiddick Tribe of the Wampanoag Indian Nation, South Yarmouth, MA. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/21/2007.
Chaubunagungamaug Band of the Nipmuck Nation, Webster/Dudley; Dudley, MA; Grafton, MA. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/22/1980 as part of Nipmuc Nation; separate letter of intent 5/31/1996. Declined to acknowledge on 6/25/2004, 69 FR 35664.
Council of Seven, Royal House of Pokanoket, Pokanoket Tribe, Pokanoket Nation, Millbury, MA
Cowasuck Band-Abenaki People, also known as Cowasuck Band of Pennacook Abenaki People, Franklin, MA. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/23/1995.
Federation of Old Plimoth Indian Tribes, Inc., Plymouth, MA. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/16/2000. Receipt of Petition 05/16/2000.
Historical Nipmuc Tribe, Webster, MA
Massachusett Tribe at Ponkapoag, Bridgewater, MA
Mattakeeset Tribe of the Massachuset Nation, Newton, MA. Also Mattakeeset Massachuset Tribe
Natick Nipmuc Indian Council, Natick, MA
New England Coastal Schaghticoke Indian Association and Tribal Council Natick, MA
Praying Indians of Natick and Ponkapoag, Stoughton, MA
Quinsigamond Band of the Nipmucs, Worcester, MA
Rebel Deaf Panther Tribe International, Ashland, MA
Seaconke Wampanoag Tribe, Seekonk, MA
Herring Pond Wampanoag Tribe, Plymouth, MA

 Michigan 
Genesee Valley Indian Association
Grand River Bands of Ottawa Indians (formerly Grand River Band Ottawa Council). Letter of Intent to Petition 10/16/1994.
Lake Superior Chippewa of Marquette. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/13/1991.
Little Owl Band of Central Michigan Indians, Sidney. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/27/2000.
Maconce Village Band of Ojibwa. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/07/2000. Receipt of Petition 3/7/2000.
Maple River Band of Ottawa. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/31/2005.
Muskegon River Band of Ottawa Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/26/2002. Receipt of Petition 07/26/2002.
Ooragnak Indian Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/1/1999. Receipt of Petition 12/01/1999.
Southeastern Cherokee Council, Inc. (SeCCI). Also in Georgia.
The Chi-cau-gon Band of Lake Superior Chippewa of Iron County. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/12/1998.
Wyandot of Anderdon Nation LLC. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/21/2003. Receipt of Petition 01/21/2003. Also in Ontario.

 Minnesota 
Kah-Bay-Kah-Nong (a.k.a. Gabekanaang Anishinaabeg/Warroad Chippewa), Letter of Intent to Petition 2/12/1979; Postal service returned certified letter 10/30/1997.
Kettle River Band of the St. Croix Chippewa of Minnesota. Currently recognized only as part of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe.
Mendota Mdewakanton Dakota Community. Letter of Intent to Petition 4/11/1996.
Ni-Mi-Win Ojibways
Rice Lake Band of Mississippi Ojibwe. Currently recognized only as part of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe.
Sandy Lake Band of Mississippi Chippewa, petitioned for independent federal recognition and independent state recognition.  Currently recognized only as part of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe.
Snake and Knife Rivers Band of the St. Croix Chippewa of Minnesota. Currently recognized only as part of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe.
St. Croix Chippewa of Minnesota. Currently recognized only as part of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe.

 Mississippi 
Grand Village Natchez Indian Tribe
Mississippi Choctaw Indian Federation (defunct historic organization)
Vancleave Live Oak Choctaw, Vancleave, MS. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/14/2006. State law MS HR50 in 2016 declared this organization "The Official Native American Tribe of the Choctaw People of Jackson County, Mississippi"

 Missouri 
Ahi Ni Yv Wiya, Inc.
Amonsoquath Band of Cherokee.
Amonsoquath Tribe of Cherokee. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/17/1995. Also in California.
Cherokee Nation West of Missouri & Arkansas (formerly Cherokee Nation West – Southern Band of the Eastern Cherokee Indians of Arkansas and Missouri). Letter of Intent to Petition 5/11/1998. Also in Arkansas.
Chickamauga Cherokee Nation.
Dogwood Band of Free Cherokees.
Lost Cherokee of Arkansas & Missouri, Letter of Intent to Petition 02/10/1999; letter returned, marked "in dispute" between two different addresses. Also in Conway, AR
Neutral Land Cherokee Group. Also in Kansas.
Northern Cherokee Nation. Dissoved into three groups:
Chickamauga Cherokee Nation (I), also known as Chickamauga Cherokee Nation MO/AR White River Band and as White River Band of Chickamauga Cherokee Nation of Missouri and Arkansas. Also in Arkansas and Oklahoma. There is also a Chickamauga Cherokee Nation White River Band (II) in Oklahoma.
Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory. Letter of Intent to Petition 2/19/1992. Also in Arkansas.
Kanasas (Awi Akta) District of NCNOLT.
Oklahoma (Ani Tsi Na) District of the NCNOLT.
Northern Cherokee Tribe of Indians of Missouri and Arkansas. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/26/1985. Also in Arkansas.
Ozark Mountain Cherokee Tribe of Arkansas and Missouri. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/19/1999. Receipt of Petition 10/19/1999. Also in Arkansas.
Sac River and White River Bands of the Chickamauga-Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri Inc. (formerly Northern Chickamauga Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri). Letter of Intent to Petition 09/05/1991. Also in Arkansas.
Saponi Nation of Missouri (Mahenips Band). Letter of Intent to Petition 12/14/1999. Receipt of Petition 12/14/1999.
Southern Cherokee Indian Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/01/2006.
Western Cherokee.
Western Cherokee of Arkansas/Louisiana Territories. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/05/2001. Receipt of Petition 10/05/2001. Also in Arkansas.
Western Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/01/1998. Also in Arkansas.
The Wilderness Tribe of Missouri. Letter of Intent to Petition 8/16/1999.

 Montana 
Swan Creek & Black River Chippewa

 Nevada 
Pahrump Band of Paiutes, Letter of Intent to Petition 11/9/1987.

 New Hampshire 
Abenaki Indian Center, Inc.
Abenaki Nation of New Hampshire, Whitefield, NH
Cowasuck Band–Pennacook/Abenaki People, Alton, NH
Koasek (Cowasuck) Traditional Band of the Sovereign Abenaki Nation, Post Mills, NH
Pennacook New Hampshire Tribe

 New Jersey 
Cherokee Nation of New Jersey
Eagle Medicine Band of Cherokee Indians, also in Pennsylvania
New Jersey Sand Hill Band of Indians (also known as Sand Hill Band of Lenape and Cherokee Indians or Sand Hill Band of Indians). Letter of Intent to Petition 01/09/2007.
Osprey Band of Free Cherokees
Powhatan Renape Nation, Rancocas, NJ
Unalachtigo Band of Nanticoke Lenni-Lenape Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 2/1/2002.
Schèjachbi Wonameys, NJ Lenni Lenape Nation.

 New Mexico 
Canoncito Band of Navajos, petitioned for independent federal recognition 07/31/1989. Note: this is a Chapter (governing unit) of the Navajo Nation.
Chiricahua Apache Nation, also Chiricahua Apache Nde Nation, based in Santa Clara, New Mexico
Genízaro. In 2007, the Genízaros received New Mexico state legislative recognition as an indigenous group. Although New Mexico's Legislative Memorial bills do not have the force of law, HM 40 and SM 59 formally acknowledge the legislative desire to recognize the Genízaros as an indigenous group.  Genizaro communities were granted permanent settlements by Spanish officials in the 18th Century and were given federal land patents to their lands by the United States Government through the Court of Private Land Claims. Genizaro communities such as the Pueblo de Abiquiu, Cañon de Carnue(l), and San Miguel del Vado have self governed under state statute since New Mexico became a state in 1912; and prior under Spanish and Mexican law. Genizaro communities have refused to seek federal recognition, rather they stand by the United Nations Resolution on Indigenous Declaration on Rights of Indigenous Peoples, a resolution to which the U.S. is a party, "Self-Identification as indigenous or tribal shall be regarded as a fundamental criterion for determining the groups which the provisions of this Convention apply".
Piro/Manso/Tiwa Indian Tribe of the Pueblo of San Juan de Guadalupe. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/18/1971.
Piro/Manso/Tiwa Tribe of Guadalupe Pueblo (a.k.a. Tiwa Indian Tribe). Letter of Intent to Petition 12/17/2002. Receipt of Petition 12/17/2002.
Mazewalli Nation, unrecognized group claiming to represent Mesoamerican diaspora in New Mexico

 New York 
Cherokee-Blackfeet, New York City, NY. Also Cherokee Blackfoot Cultural Circle
The Chickamauga Notowega Creeks, Staten Island. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/19/2001.
Deer Council of Free Cherokees.
Hudson River Band (formerly Konkapot Band, Hudson Valley Band). Letter of Intent to Petition 04/19/2002. Receipt of Petition 04/19/2002.
Matinecock Tribal Nation, Kew Gardens, NY. Also Matinecock Tribal Nation of Queens and Long Island New York Inc.
Mohawk Nation Akwesasne Mohawk Territory, Rooseveltown, NY
Montauk Indian Nation, Amityville, NY. Also Montaukett Indian Nation of New York. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/31/1995.
Montaukett Tribe of Long Island. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/16/1998.
North-Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians.
Nuy Keetoowah, Inc.
Ohatchee Cherokee Tribe of New York and Alabama. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/16/2002. Receipt of Petition 12/16/2002.
Western Mohegan Tribe & Nation of New York. Letter of Intent to Petition 1/27/1997.

 North Carolina 
Cherokee Indians of Hoke County, Inc. (a.k.a. Tuscarora Hoke Co.), Lumber Bridge, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/20/1983; determined ineligible to petition (SOL opinion of 10/23/1989).
Cherokee Indians of Red Banks, Robeson and Adjoining Counties, Red Springs, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/01/1979; determined ineligible to petition (SOL opinion of 10/23/1989).
Chicora-Siouan Indian People, Letter of Intent to Petition 02/10/1993. Also in South Carolina.
Chowanoke Indian Nation, formerly the Meherrin-Chowanoke, Winton, NC
Coree Indians (a.k.a. Faircloth Indians), Atlantic, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/05/1978.
Creek-Cherokee Indians, Pine Tree Clan.
Cumberland County Association for Indian People
Eno-Occaneechi Tribe of Indians, Mebane, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/24/1997.
Free Cherokee.
Four Hole Indian Organization, Letter of Intent to Petition 12/30/1976. Also in South Carolina.
Guilford Native American Association
Hattadare Indian Nation, Bunnlevel, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/16/1979.
Hatteras Tuscarora Indians, Maxton, NC Letter of Intent to Petition 06/24/1978: determined ineligible to petition (SOL opinion of 10/23/1989). Merged with Tuscarora Nation East of the Mountains, 3/22/2004.
Kaweah Indian Nation, Inc., Oriental, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/28/1980; certified letter returned by P.O. 10/1997; Declined to Acknowledge 06/10/1985 (50 FR 14302). Also in Kansas.
Meherrin Indian Tribe (II). Letter of Intent to Petition 06/27/1995. There is a State-recognized tribe with the same name, Meherrin Indian Tribe (I).
Ne'Ha-Tsunii Indian Nation
Nee Tribe (a.k.a. Nuluti Equani Ehi Tribe and Near River Dwellers), East Bend, NC
Ridge Band of Cherokees, Ridgecraft, NC
Roanoke-Hatteras Indian Tribe, Elizabeth City, NC, formerly the Roanoke-Hatteras Indians of Dare County. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/10/2004.
Santee Tribe, White Oak Community. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/04/1979
Santee Tribe
Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy, Four Oaks, NC
Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy, Silver Cloud Clan.
Summerville Indian Group. Also in South Carolina.
Tsalagi Nation Early Emigrants 1817, Durham, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/30/2002. Receipt of Petition 07/30/2002.
Tuscarora Indian Tribe, Drowning Creek Reservation, Maxton, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/25/1981; determined ineligible to petition (SOL opinion of 10/23/1989). Group formally dissolved and department notified group 02/19/1997.
Tuscarora Nation of Indians of the Carolinas, Charlotte, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/21/2004.
Tuscarora Nation of North Carolina, Maxton, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/19/1985; determined ineligible to petition (SOL opinion of 10/23/1989).
Tuscarora Nation East of the Mountains, Bowland, NC. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/08/1999.
United Lumbee Nation of North Carolina and America. Letter of Intent to Petition 4/28/1980; Denied federal recognition 07/02/1985.  Also in California. Not to be confused with the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina, a state-recognized tribe.

 North Dakota 
Christian Pembina Chippewa Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 6/26/1984.
Little Shell Band of the North Dakota Tribe (a.k.a. Little Shell Pembina Band of North America). Letter of Intent to Petition 11/11/1975.

 Ohio 
Alleghenny Nation Indian Center (Ohio Band) (I), Canton, OH also known as the Allegheny-Lenape Indian Council of Ohio. Letter of Intent to Petition 11/03/1979.
Alleghenny Nation Indian Center (Ohio Band) (II). Letter of Intent to Petition 6/02/2005. Possibly broke away from Alleghenny Nation Indian Center (Ohio Band) (I) located 1 mile away.
Catawba Tribe of Carr's Run, Chillicothe, OH
Cherokee Delaware Indian Center, Coshocton, OH
Cherokee United Intertribal Indian Council.
Chickamauga Keetoowah Unami Band of Cherokee, Cleveland, OH
Chickamauga Keetoowah Unami Wolf Band of Cherokee Delaware Shawnee, Cleveland, OH. Also "Chickamauga Keetoowah Unami Wolf Band of Cherokee Delaware Shawnee of Ohio, West Virginia & Virginia." Letter of Intent to Petition 08/28/2006.East of the River ShawneeEastern Cherokee Nation, Overhill Band.
Etowah Cherokee Nation.
Free Cherokee, Four Direction Council.
Free Cherokee, Hokshichanklya Band.
Kispoko Sept of Ohio Shawnee (Hog Creek Reservation).
Lower Eastern Ohio Mekojay Shawnee, Wilmington, OH. Letter of Intent to Petition 3/5/2001.
Mekoce Shawnee,  Wilmington, OH
Morning Star Shawnee Nation, Shelby, OH
Munsee Delaware Indian Nation—USA, formerly known incorrectly as the "Munsee-Thames River Delaware" and as "Munsee Delaware Indian Nation".
North Eastern U.S. Miami Inter-Tribal Council, Youngstown, OH. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/09/1979.
Notoweega Nation, Logan, OH. Also known as the Ohio Woodlands Tribe.
The Nottoway in Ohio, Xenia, OH. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/03/2008.
Piqua Sept of Ohio Shawnee Indians, North Hampton, OH. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/16/1991. the Piqua Shawnee Tribe were state-recognized in Alabama in 1991 Letter of Intent to Petition 9/25/1997.
Saponi-Catawba Nation of the Ohio Valley, Webster, OH
Saponi Nation of Ohio, Rio Grande, OH. Letter of Intent to Petition 9/25/1997.
Shawnee Nation, Ohio Blue Creek Band of Adams County, Lynx, OH. Letter of Intent to Petition 8/5/1998.
Shawnee Nation United Remnant Band, Dayton, OH; The Ohio General Assembly held hearings and heard testimony from numerous groups.
Tallige Cherokee Nation, Fire Clan.
Tutelo Nahyssan Tribal Nation, Cutler, OH. Letter of Intent to Petition 7/27/2005.
Tutelo-Saponi Tribal Nation (formerly known as Pine Hill Saponi Tribal Nation), Beavercreek, OK. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/1/2002.

 Oklahoma 
Canadian River Band of the Southern Cherokee Nation.
Cataba Tribal Association
Chickamauga Cherokee Nation White River Band (II). There is also a Chickamauga Cherokee Nation White River Band (I) in Arkansas, Missouri and Oklahoma.
Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory. State-recognized in Missouri, but unrecognized in Arkansas and elsewhere.
Kanasas (Awi Akta) District of NCNOLT. – Located in Kansas
Oklahoma (Ani Tsi Na) District of the NCNOLT. – Located in Oklahoma.
Northern Cherokee Tribe of Indians.
Northern Chickamaunga Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri. Letter of Intent to Petition 9/5/1991
Sac River and White River Bands of the Chickamauga Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri, Inc., Chandler, OK Also Chickamauga Cherokee Nation (I), also known as Chickamauga Cherokee Nation MO/AR White River Band and as White River Band of Chickamauga Cherokee Nation of Missouri and Arkansas. Also in Arkansas and Missouri. There is also a Chickamauga Cherokee Nation White River Band (II) in Oklahoma.
Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy, Horse Clan.
Southern Cherokee Nation.
United Band of the Western Cherokee Nation. Letter of Intent to Petition 3/14/2003.
Yuchi Tribal Organization, Letter of Intent to Petition 10/05/1990; Declined to acknowledge 3/21/2000, 64 FR 71814., part of the federally recognized Muscogee (Creek) Nation.
Yuchi (Euchee) Tribe of Oklahoma located in Sapulpa, Oklahoma, is part of the federally recognized Muscogee (Creek) Nation.

 Oregon 
Celilio-Wyam Indian Community
The Cherokee Delaware Tribe of the Northwest
Chetco Tribe
Clatsop-Nehalem Confederated Tribes
Confederated Tribes: Rogue, Table Rock & Associated Tribes; Letter of Intent to Petition 3/24/1997; properly executed Letter of Intent 6/19/1997
Northwest Cherokee Deer Clan
Northwest Cherokee Wolf and Paint Clan
Northwest Cherokee Wolf Band of the Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy; Letter of Intent to Petition 03/09/1978; Declined to Acknowledge 11/25/1985 50 FR 39047
Tchinouk Indians; Letter of Intent to Petition 05/16/1979; Declined to Acknowledge 03/17/1986, 51 FR 2437
Tolowa-Tututni Tribe; also in California

 Pennsylvania 
Conestoga-Susquehannock Tribe
Eastern Delaware Nations.
Erie Indian Moundbuilders Tribal Nation, Erie, PA
Free Cherokee-Chickamauga.
Lena'pe Nation.
Eastern Lenape Nation of Pennsylvania. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/16/2000.
Lenape Nation of Pennsylvania, Easton, PA
Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy of Pennsylvania.
Thunder Mountain Lenapé Nation, Saltsburg, PA
Tsalagi Elohi Cherokee Earth.
United Cherokee Tribe of West Virginia. Also in South Carolina and West Virginia.
White Path Society.

 Puerto Rico 

Concilio Taino Guatu-Ma-Cu A Boriken (Puerto Rico)
Jatibonicu Taino Tribal Nation of Boriken. (Puerto Rico).
Liga Guakia Taina ke (Our Taino Land)
Maisiti Yukayeke Taino
Naguake Indigenous Base Community
Taino-Boricua NationConsejo General de Tainos Boricanos
Turabo Taino Indian Nation in Puerto Rico
Higuayagua Taino
Northern Arawak Nation

 Rhode Island 
Aquidneck Indian Council, Newport, RI
Northern Narragansett Indian Tribe of Rhode Island, Providence, RI
Pocasset Wampanoag Tribe of Massachusetts and Rhode Island
Pocasset Wampanoag Tribe of the Pokanoket Nation, Cranston, RI
Pokanoket Tribe of the Wampanoag Nation, Bristol, RI. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/05/1994 for Federal Recognition. State recognition attempted for the tribe with the introduction of State of Rhode Island House Bill 2006--H 7236, but the bill was never passed. Also in Massachusetts.
Pokanoket/Wampanoag Federation/Wampanoag Nation/Pokanoket Tribe/And Bands, Warwick, RI. Letter of intent to petition 1/5/1998.
Rhode Island Indian Council, Providence, RI
Seaconke Wampanoag Tribe, Providence, RI, formerly Greenwich, RI. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/29/1998.
Wappinger Tribal Nation, Wakefield, RI. Letter of Intent to Petition 7/7/2003.
Wiquapaug Eastern Pequot Tribe, Hope Valley, RI. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/15/2000. Receipt of Petition 09/15/2000.

 South Carolina 
South Carolina recognizes some Native American entities as groups or special interest organizations, but not as tribes.
Chaloklowa Chickasaw Indian People, Hemingway, SC, a state-recognized group, but not a state-recognized tribe
Eastern Cherokee, Southern Iroquois, and United Tribes of South Carolina, Duncan, SC, a state-recognized group, but not a state-recognized tribe
Natchez Indian Tribe of South Carolina, Columbia, SC, a state-recognized group, but not a state-recognized tribe
Pee Dee Indian Nation of Beaver Creek, Neeses, SC, a state-recognized group, but not a state-recognized tribe
Pine Hill Indian Community Development Initiative, North, SC, state-recognized special interest organization, but not state-recognized tribeUnrecognized organizations include: 

American Indian Center of South Carolina.
Broad River Band of Cherokee.
Carolina Indian Heritage Association.
Cherokee Bear Clan of South Carolina.
Cherokees of South Carolina.
Chicora Indian Tribe of South Carolina (formerly Chicora-Siouan Indian People). Letter of Intent to Petition 02/10/1993. Also in North Carolina.
Croatan Indian Tribe of South Carolina, Orangeburg, SC
Fields Indian Family – Pine Hill Indian Community (or Pine Hill Indian Tribe).
Free Cherokee-Chickamauga
Horse Creek Indian Heritage Association.
Little Horse Creek American Indian Association.
Marlboro & Chesterfield Pee Dee Band (a.k.a. Upper Pee Dee Nation of South Carolina)
Midlands Intertribal Empowerment Group.
Pee Dee Indian Association. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/30/1995.
Redcrows Foundation. Associated with unrecognized Yamassee Indian Nation.
Santee Indian Nation.
United Cherokee Tribe of West Virginia. Also in Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
Waccamaw Siouan Indian Association. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/16/1992; Postal service returned certified letter 11/5/1997.
Yamassee Indian Tribe of Seminoles. Also referred to as the Yamassee Tribe, or Yamassee Nation of Georgia, Florida, and South Carolina.

 Tennessee 
Central Band of Cherokee, Lawrenceburg, TN. Declined to acknowledge 7/24/2012
Cherokee Wolf Clan, Yuma, TN
Chikamaka Band, Tracy City, TN
Etowah Cherokee Nation (I), Cleveland, TN. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/31/1990; certified letter returned undeliverable 10/1997. State legislature denied state recognition, contesting the authority of a Proclamation of Recognition] by the Governor of Tennessee of May 25, 1978.
Guaymari Kiawah Tribe, Antioch, TN
Remnant Yuchi Nation, Kingsport, TN
Tanasi Council, Memphis, TN
United Eastern Lenape Nation, Winfield, TN
United Aniyunwiya Nation, Memphis, TN
Mennefer Tanasi (Wob) Native American Tribe, Germantown, TN. Also Mennefer Tanasi Empowerment Ministries.

 Texas 
Absentee Seminole Tribe of Texas,
American Cherokee Tribe of Texas
Apache Council of Texas, Alice, TX
The Arista Indian Village. Letter of Intent to Petition 05/21/2002 Receipt of Petition 05/21/2002
Atakapas Ishak Nation of Southeast Texas and Southwest Louisiana. Letter of Intent to Petition 02/02/2007
Carrizo/Comecrudo Nation of Texas, also Tribal Council of the Carrizo/Comecrudo Nation of Texas. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/06/1998.
Cherokee Nation of Mexico, Dripping Springs, TX
Cherokee Nation of Texas, Limited.
Chickamauga Cherokee Brushy Creek Band.
Comanche Penateka Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/03/1998.
Court of the Golden Eagle, The Oukah.
Creek Indians of Texas at Red Oak
Cuelgahen Nde Lipan Apache of Texas, Three Rivers, TX
Free Cherokee, Hummingbird Clan
Jumano Tribe (West Texas) (formerly The People of LaJunta (Jumano/Mescalero)). Letter of Intent to Petition 03/26/1997.
Karankawa Kadla
Lipan Apache Band of Texas, Brackettville, TX
Lipan Apache Nation of Texas, San Antonio, TX. Also known as the Kuné Tsa Nde Band of the Lipan Apache Nation of Texas
Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas, McAllen, TX. Also known as Lipan Apache Tribe. Texas Senate Bill 27, introduced in January 2021, to formally recognize this group died in committee.
Miakan-Garza Band, also Mier Band of the Garza Tribe, in San Marcos, Texas; created the Indigenous Cultures Institute in 2006.
Mount Tabor Indian Community. Also known as Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands-Mount Tabor Indian Community.
Nato Indian Nation (Native American Tribal Organization), Grand Prairie, TX, also in Utah
Pamaque Clan of Coahuila y Tejas Spanish Indian Colonial Missions Inc. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/23/2002; Receipt of Petition 04/23/2002. BAR Papers filed 2005.
Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy, Hawk Clan
Southeastern Cherokee Confederacy, Sequoyah Clan
Southeastern Cherokee Tribe and Associated Bands.
Sovereign Cherokee Nation Tejas
Tap Pilam: The Coahuiltecan Nation Letter of Intent to Petition 12/03/1997.
Texas Band of Yaqui Indians
Texas Buffalo Bayou Band of Chickamaugan Cherokee, Southern Cherokee Nation.
Texas Gulf Coast Cherokee and Associated Bands
Tsalagiyi Nvdagi Tribe. Based in Waco, Texas.
United Chickamaugan
United Mascogo Seminole Tribe of Texas. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/31/2002. Receipt of Petition 12/31/2002.
The Yanaguana Bands of Mission Indians of Texas. Letter of Intent to Petition 10/19/2004.

 Utah 
Cherokee Indian Descendents Organization of the Ani-Yun-Wiya.
Colorado River Band of the Southern Cherokee Nation.
Nato Indian Nation (Native American Tribal Organization), Provo, Utah, also in Texas
Northeast Band of Shoshone Indians
Rocky Mountain Band of Cherokee Descendents – Magna.
White Mesa Ute Council

 Vermont 
Free Cherokee, Tribal Council.
Green Mountain Band of Cherokee.
Sunray Meditation Society.

 Virginia 
American Indigenous Accawmacke Indians, Cape Charles, VA
Ani-Stohini/Unami Nation, Fries, VA. Letter of Intent to Petition 07/08/1994.
Appalachian Cherokee Nation.
Buffalo Ridge Cherokees.
Cherokee of Virginia Birdtown.
Chowanoke Indian Nation, Winton, VA
Free Cherokees Spider Clan.
Halooie Indian Tribe, Seminary Hill area of Alexandria, VA.
Inagel Tsalagi, Cherokee of Virginia.
Northern Tsalagi Indian Nation.
Rappahannock Indian Tribe (II), Change. Letter of Intent to Petition 01/31/2001. Shares a name with a state-recognized tribe Rappahannock Indian Tribe (I).
Roanoke-Chowan Native American Association, Inc., Winton, VA
Roanoke-Hatteras Tribe, Dare County, VA
Southern Cherokee Confederacy, Pine Log Clan.
Turtle Band of Cherokee.
United Cherokee Indian Tribe of Virginia. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/03/2000. Receipt of Petition 07/31/2000.
Wicocomico Indian Nation, also Historic Wicocomico Indian Nation of Northumberland County, Virginia. Letter of Intent to Petition 09/15/2000. Receipt of Petition 08/28/2000.
Wolf Creek Cherokee Tribe, 501(c)(3) in Henrico County, Virginia
Wolf Creek Cherokee Indian Tribe of Virginia. Failed bill introduced to Virginia for state-recognition 1/19/2015

 Virgin Islands 
Opia Carib Indian Tribe in U.S. Virgin Islands (St. Thomas)
Carib-Taino Tribal Confederacy

 Washington 
Anisahani Blue Clan.
Chinook Indian Tribe of Oregon & Washington, Inc. (a.k.a. Chinook Nation) Letter of Intent to Petition 07/23/1979; Declined to acknowledge 7/12/2003, 67 FR 46204. Also in Oregon.
Duwamish Indian Tribe. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/07/1977; Declined to Acknowledge 05/08/2002 (66 FR 49966).
Free Cherokees, Four Directions Council.
Kikiallus Indian Nation
Marietta Band of Nooksacks
Mitchell Bay Band of the San Juan Islands
Noo-Wha-Ha Band
Snohomish Tribe of Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 03/13/1975; Declined to Acknowledge 03/05/2004 68 FR 68942.
Snoqualmoo Tribe of Whidbey Island. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/14/1988.
Steilacoom Tribe of Indians. Letter of Intent to Petition 08/28/1974; Proposed Finding 02/07/2000. Declined Acknowledgment effective 6/17/2008 73 FR 14833.

 West Virginia 
Monican Indian Nation, Huntington, WV. Letter of Intent to Petition 8/23/2007.
United Cherokee Tribe of West Virginia, Beckley, WV. Letter of Intent to Petition 12/30/2005. Also in Pennsylvania and South Carolina.

 Wisconsin 
Brothertown Indians of Wisconsin. Letter of Intent to Petition 04/15/1980. declined to acknowledge 2012-12-11
Muhheconnuck and Munsee Tribes. Letter of Intent to Petition 06/04/2003.
Southern Cherokee Confederacy, Wisconsin.

 Wyoming 
Northwestern Shoshoni, Rock Springs, WY

 See also 
United StatesFederally recognized tribes
Native Americans in the United States
List of Alaska Native tribal entities
List of Indian reservations in the United States
List of historical Indian reservations in the United States
National Park Service Native American Heritage Sites
Outline of United States federal Indian law and policy
State recognized tribes in the United StatesCanadaList of Indian reserves in Canada
List of First Nations governments
List of First Nations peoples
Non-status Indian

 References 

 External links 
BIA list of petitioners for recognition by state as of 22 September 2008
BIA status summary of petitions for recognition as of 15 February 2007
Joint resolution of the Cherokee Nation and the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians opposing fabricated Cherokee "Tribes" and "Indians"
Testimony of Leon Jones, Principal Chief of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and Dan McCoy, Tribal Council Chairman, on the Indian Federal Recognition Administrative Procedures Act of 1999

Monument to Felix Dzerzhinsky, Moscow
The Monument to Felix Dzerzhinsky (Russian: Памятник Дзержинскому, romanized: Pamyatnik Dzerzhinskomu), also known by the nickname Iron Felix (Russian: Железный Феликс, romanized: Zheleznyy Feliks), commemorates Felix Dzerzhinsky (1877–1926), Bolshevik revolutionary and head of the first two Soviet state-security secret police organizations, the Cheka and the OGPU. The monument, designed by Grigory Zakharov and incorporating a statue of Dzerzhinsky sculpted by Yevgeny Vuchetich, was erected on Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow in 1958, next to the Lubyanka Building.

 History 

 Construction and unveiling 
In 1918, the All-Russian Extraordinary Commission was located in the buildings on Lubyanska Square, the founder and first head of which was Felix Dzerzhinsky, who later headed other state security secret police agencies that were located there. In the autumn of 1926, shortly after Dzerzhinsky's death, Lubyanka Square was renamed Dzerzhinsky Square by the decision of the Presidium of the Moscow City Council.In 1940, a competition was announced for the project of a monument to Dzerzhinsky, which was won by Sarra Lebedeva, who created a lifesized sculptural portrait of Dzerzhinsky, but her project was not implemented.Construction of the monument began in July 1958, with the statue sculpted by Yevgeny Vuchetich, and the overall design by Grigory Zakharov. The monument was opened to the public in 1958, outside the Lubyanka Building, which housed the headquarters of the Soviet security services, the OGPU, NKVD (responsible for the bloodletting of the Stalin purges of the thirties), NKGB, MGB and KGB.

 August coup and Muzeon Park relocation 
On the evening of 22 August 1991, shortly after the failure of the coup attempt undertaken by the State Emergency Committee, thousands of people began to gather around the KGB building on Lubyanka Square, seeking to topple Dzerzhinsky's statue, seeing it as a symbol of the brutal Soviet past. People sprayed the words "executioner", “antichrist”, “Felix is finished,” and the symbol of the Russian Orthodox Church on the pedestal.By the evening of the same day, people climbed onto the statue and affixed ropes to it, attached to a truck. Toppling the monument in this way risked damaging the adjacent Lubyanka metro station. To avoid this, deputy chairman of the Moscow City Council Sergei Stankevich addressed the crowd and introduced a resolution with the Moscow City Council to remove the monument. It was then dismantled with a construction crane and taken to wasteland close to the new building of the Tretyakov Gallery. In 1992, the monument was without ceremony dumped into the Fallen Monument Park, where other Soviet-era monuments were collected.

 Reerection in 2023 
Over the years there have been debates on whether or not the Dzerzhinsky monument should be returned to Lubyanka Square, especially after Vladimir Putin, a former KGB-agent himself, became Russia's president in 2000. Finally the monument was reerected on September 11, 2023, but this time in front of the Russian Foreign Intelligence Service headquarters outside Moscow.

 See also 
Monument to Felix Dzerzhinsky, Ufa

 References 

Michelangelo Pistoletto
Michelangelo Pistoletto (born 23 June 1933) is an Italian painter, action and object artist, and art theorist. Pistoletto is acknowledged as one of the main representatives of the Italian Arte Povera. His work mainly deals with the subject matter of reflection and the unification of art and everyday life in terms of a Gesamtkunstwerk.

 Biography 
From 1947 until 1958, Pistoletto worked in his father's restoration workshop in Turin. In the 1950s, he started painting figurative works and self-portraits. In 1959, he participated in the Biennale di San Marino. In the following year, he had his first solo exhibition in the Galleria Galatea in Turin. In the beginning of the 1960s, Pistoletto started painting figurative works and self-portraits which he painted on a monochrome, metallic background. Later on, he combined painting with photography using collage techniques on reflective backgrounds. Eventually, he switched over to printing photorealistic scenes on steel plates polished to a high finish. He did that using the screen-printing method which made the observer almost completely melt in with what was depicted. In the mid-1960s, gallery owner Ileana Sonnabend brought him into contact with an international audience.
In 1965/1966, he produced the series of works Oggetti in meno (Minus Objects), which belongs to Pistoletto's early sculptural works. In 1966, Pistoletto had his first solo exhibition in the US, at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis. In 1967, his work was awarded first prize in the Biennale de São Paulo. In the same year, Pistoletto started focusing on performance, video art and theatre. He founded an action art group, called "Zoo Group", which gave several performances between 1968 and 1970. These took place in the studio, public buildings or on the streets of Turin or other large cities. As was already the case with Pistoletto's 2-dimensional and sculptural works, the aim was to display the unity of art and everyday life.

 Arte Povera 
Michelangelo Pistoletto began painting on mirrors in 1962, connecting painting with the constantly changing realities in which the work finds itself. In the later sixties he began bringing together rags with casts of omnipresent classical statuary of Italy to break down the hierarchies of "art" and common things. An art of impoverished materials is certainly one aspect of the definition of Arte Povera. In his 1967 Muretto di stracci (Rag Wall) Pistoletto makes an exotic and opulent tapestry wrapping common bricks in discarded scraps of fabric. The work received a lot of feedback: Pistoletto, who started under the American influence of "post-pop art" and photorealism, was soon listed by gallery owners and critics in the catalogues as a significant representative of the novel, mostly Italian trend of the Arte Povera. Against the background of the 1968 student riots, Pistoletto withdrew his participation in the Venice Biennale. In the following years, he dealt with conceptual ideas, which he presented in the book L'uomo nero (1970). In 1974, he nearly completely withdrew from the art scene: he took an exam as a skiing instructor and spent most of his time in the mountains of San Sicario. At the end of the 1970s, he produced sculptures, heads, and torsos using polyurethane and marble. In doing so, he was a recipient of antique artifacts and he furthermore pursued other performance and theatre projects–including those in the US in Athens, Atlanta, and San Francisco. At the beginning of the 1980s, he presented theatre works, such as Anno Uno (March 1981) in the Teatro Quirino in Rome. Since 1990, Pistoletto has been living and working in Turin.

 Cittadelarte – Fondazione Pistoletto 
In 1994, Michelangelo Pistoletto proclaimed his programme Progetto Arte, the aim of which was the creative and social economic unification of all parts of human existence; in a narrower sense, the systematic combination of all achievements and knowledge of civilisation with aspects of art (e.g. fashion, theatre, design, etc.). In 1996, he founded the art city Cittadelarte – Fondazione Pistoletto in an abandoned textile factory near Biella, as a centre and "laboratory", supporting and researching creative resources, and producing innovative ideas and possibilities. The Cittadelarte is divided into different Uffici/Offices ( work, education, communications, art, nutrition, politics, spirituality, and economics), which exchange with each other within an intermedial network. Although it is conceived as a closed system, transparency towards the outside world is an important aspect of the Cittadelarte.

 Mirror Paintings 
Pistoletto's Mirror Paintings are artworks made of human size mirrors. Using these mirrors as basic material, he paints figures or prints photographic images on them. First Mirror Paintings were created in the early sixties. The printed subjects show a broad spectrum of motives: for example self-portraits, pictures from gallery visitors or objects of daily life.
Pistoletto intentionally uses the reflective properties of the steel to produce an interactive dialogue between the viewer and the image in front of them. From an interview in 1963 Pistoletto states the relationship between the viewer, the painting, and the virtual space as "the joining of couples of opposite polarity between the photographic image and what goes on in the virtual space generated by the reflecting surface ..." A central role is given to the spectator. His mirrored picture seems to get in interaction with the printed motive. In some way the viewer becomes part of the artwork. This phenomenon is relevant especially in time of European Student activism. Every individual spectator becomes active while regarding the artwork. This central position of the visitor could motivate him to become active also in other parts of society, which matches the ideas of the Gesamtkunstwerk.
Pistoletto is quoted saying, "In my mirror-paintings the dynamic reflection does not create a place, because it only reflects a place which already exists- the static silhouette does no more than re-propose an already existing place. But I can create a place by bringing about a passage between the photograph and the mirror: this place is whole time."
The previous quote enlightens the reader on Pistoletto's attempt to, in 1964 at the Galleria Sperone, work on bringing the meaning of the mirror out into the inhabited space surrounding it. The simultaneous representation of traditional dimensions and of reality in motion reveal the new dimensions of the mirror-paintings.  Sometimes the paintings on the mirrors are portraits of Pistoletto's friends, patrons and/or self-portraits: this is true for the artist's recent entirely mirrored-hall at the Ristorante del Cambio, Piazza Carignano, Turin.

 1980s-1990s 
Michelangelo Pistoletto's art was prominently featured in major international exhibitions, including Documenta 7 and 9 in Kassel (1982 and 1992), as well as the Venice Biennales of 1984, 1986, and 1993.

 2000s-2020s 
Pistoletto received the Leone d'Oro for lifetime achievement at the 2003 Venice Biennale. In 2007, he was awarded the prestigious Wolf Foundation Prize in Jerusalem, acknowledging his extensive contributions to the art world. In 2000 the Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona help a retrospective of the his work. In 2005, he exhibited alongside Agnès Varda and Éric Sandillon.In 2010, another major retrospective was slated at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.

 Selected works 
1976/92: Scaffale (Bookcase) – metal and enamel, various realisations, Tate Gallery
1962/82: Uomo in piedi (Standing Man) – serigraphy on polished steel, Tate Gallery
1967/74: Venere degli stracci (Venus of the Rags) – sculpture and textiles, Tate Gallery
1965/66: Oggetti in meno (Minus Objects) – various objects, Guggenheim Museum
1968: Orchestra di stracci – Quartetto – various objects, Museo di arte moderna e contemporanea di Trento e Rovereto
1997: L'ala die Krems. (The Wing of Krems), Krems an der Donau

 Artist books 
Le Miroir comme Tableau, 23 x 23 x 1,5 cm. Limited edition of 120 copies and 15 copies not for sale and 10 artist's proofs / Michelangelo Pistoletto and 5 artist's proofs / Jacques Meuris. Numbered and signed by Michelangelo Pistoletto and Jacques Meuris. Produced and published in 1993 by les Maîtres de Forme Contemporains (mfc-michèle didier) and M. & L. Durand-Dessert.

 Bibliography 
Der schwarze Mann. Die unerträgliche Seite. Transl. into German by Johannes Schlebrügge, Pakesch und Schlebrügge, Vienna 1997, ISBN 3-85160-004-5
Michelangelo Pistoletto. Actar, 2000, ISBN 84-95273-28-4

 References 
Martin Friedman: Michelangelo Pistoletto, a reflected world. Catalog Walker Art Center, Minneapolis 1966.
Thomas Deecke: Michelangelo Pistoletto. Den Spiegel vorhalten. Künstler – Kritisches Lexikon der Gegenwartskunst, Ausgabe 11, Munich 1990 ISSN 0934-1730
Helmut Friedel: Michelangelo Pistoletto. Memoria Intelligentia Praevidentia. Katalog zur Ausstellung 1996 im Lenbachhaus München, Hatje Cantz Verlag, 1996, ISBN 3-89322-838-1
Michelangelo Pistoletto: A Minus Artist. Hopefulmonster Editore, 1988, ISBN 88-7757-020-2
Nike Bätzner: Arte povera. Zwischen Erinnerung und Ereignis: Giulio Paolini, Michelangelo Pistoletto, Jannis Kounellis. Verlag für moderne Kunst, Nuremberg, 2000, ISBN 3-933096-34-0
Carlos Basualdo: Michelangelo Pistoletto, from one to many. Catalog Philadelphia Museum of Art, New Haven 2010.Notes

 External links 

Michelangelo Pistoletto website
Documentation of recent exhibitions by Michelangelo Pistoletto
Interview with Michelangelo Pistoletto
Guggenheim Collection: Michelangelo Pistoletto Biography
DesignBoom feature (02/2008)
Artforum review (02/2000)
Pan Wendt discusses Pistoletto's art collective Lo Zoo in Fillip
Michelangelo Pistoletto: The Mirror of Judgement exhibition at the Serpentine Galleries 2011

Michael Klaper
Michael A. Klaper (July 19, 1947) is an American physician, vegan health educator, conference and event speaker, and an author of articles and books of vegan medical advice. Graduating from medical school in 1972, Klaper became a vegan ten years later and subsequently became active in the area, publishing three books advocating veganism and serving as a founding director of the Institute of Nutrition Education and Research.

 Early life and education 
Klaper was born July 19, 1947, to Chicago South Side dentist, David T. Klaper, DDS, and Jean T. Klaper (formerly of Boca Raton, Florida).  Klaper had an older brother, Robert D. Klaper, who died in 1992 at the age of 49.  By his own report, Klaper grew up on a dairy farm in Wisconsin.  In 1972, Klaper graduated from the University of Illinois College of Medicine and served his medical internship in Canada at Vancouver General Hospital with the University of British Columbia. He also studied obstetrics at the University of California, San Francisco.His three books were authored during his time with Gentle World in Umatilla, Florida.
In 1987 Klaper appeared on the game show Jeopardy! and won $11,000.

 Career 
After graduating from medical school Klaper moved among a number of locations, practiced acute care medicine, and eventually became certified in urgent care medicine. He became a vegan in 1981.  He is a medical consultant for the North American Vegetarian Society and has spoken at their Vegetarian Summerfest in 2012 and 2018. Klaper has spoken at several other national and international vegan, vegetarian, and natural health conferences and events.He served as director of a vegan health spa in Pompano Beach, Florida, from the early 1990s and was featured on the 1991 PBS documentary Diet for a New America (film), based on the book of the same name by John Robbins.  In 1988, Klaper was a NASA nutrition adviser and on vegan diets for long term space colonists.He also served on the Nutrition and Preventive Medicine Task Force of the American Medical Student Association (AMSA), where he was a member of its Board of Advisors.  He cofounded with John Robbins the environmental organization EarthSave International and served as its Scientific Director.  He was a Founding Director of the Institute of Nutrition Education and Research.Klaper maintained a medical practice in Maui, Hawaii, between 1995 and 2006, and practiced medicine in Whangārei, New Zealand between 2006 and 2009. In 2009, he relocated to Northern California, where as of 2011 he became staff physician and medical consultant at the nutritionally-based TrueNorth Health Center in Santa Rosa, where he is now on the board of directors of the TrueNorth Health Foundation. He is licensed to practice medicine in California and Hawaii and now is affiliated with the Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital.His books include Vegan Nutrition: Pure and Simple and Pregnancy, Children, and the Vegan Diet.  He has appeared in several films related to vegan diet and practice, including Eat This! (2005), Cowspiracy: The Sustainability Secret (2014), and What the Health (2017).Klaper is on the advisory board, and regular contributor to the quarterly publication Naked Food Magazine.In the summer of 1992, he was inducted into the Vegetarian Hall of Fame of the North American Vegetarian Society.

 Works 
Books

Klaper, Michael (2000) [1987]. Vegan Nutrition: Pure and Simple (4th ed.). Kapaau, Hawaii: Gentle World. ISBN 9780929274232.
Klaper, Michael (1991) [1988]. Pregnancy, Children, and the Vegan Diet (1st ed.). Kapaau, Hawaii: Gentle World. ISBN 978-0961424824.Republished in German in 2007 as Viva vegan für Mutter und Kind: gesunde vegetarische Ernährung während Schwangerschaft und Kindheit, Publisher: Animal-Peace-Verlag, 2007; ISBN 3981173805, 9783981173802; 134 pages.Forewords in books, including

Gentle World. The Cookbook for People Who Love Animals.  Publisher: Gentle World, Inc., 1990.  ISBN 0929274180, 9780929274188.  192 pages.The author of the 1990 cookbook is Gentle World, and the Foreword was written by Klaper.Various journal articles, including:

Goldhamer, AC., Klaper, M, Foorohar A, & Myers TR (2015). Water-only fasting and an exclusively plant foods diet in the management of stage IIIa, low-grade follicular lymphoma. BMJ Case Reports, 2015, bcr2015211582. doi:10.1136/bcr-2015-211582
Nejad MS, Klaper MA, Steggerda FR, Gianturco C. Radiology. 1968 Aug;91(2):248-50. Clotting on the outer surfaces of vascular catheters. PMID 5661255. doi:10.1148/91.2.248.Videos

A Diet for All Reasons
Sense and Nonsense in Nutrition: A Look at Today's Most Common Health Myths. VegSource Studio: 67 minutes. ASIN: B009DOGJOA.

 See also 
Benjamin Spock
Vegan nutrition

 References 

 External links 

Official website 
Klaper videos
Michael Klaper at IMDb 
Mark Huberman (April 29, 2014). "Interview with Michael Klaper, M.D." National Health Association. Archived from the original on November 13, 2014.

Belvedere Park (Pontevedra)
Belvedere Park (Parque del Mirador in Spanish) is a public park in the Monte Porreiro neighbourhood of the Spanish city of Pontevedra.

 Location 
The park is located at the western end of the Monte Porreiro neighbourhood of Pontevedra. It is bordered by Dinamarca and Francia streets and is very close to the UNED Associated Centre in the province of Pontevedra.

 History 
The park was designed at the beginning of the 20th century as a private garden for the indiano (Spanish emigrant who left for Latin America and returned rich) Casimiro Gómez Cobas, who returned from Argentina and bought the grand old estate called Tenencia de San Antonio Abad in 1900, put up for public auction at the end of the 19th century, and who renamed the property Villa Buenos Aires, in honour of his stay in the Argentinian capital, where he had made a large fortune.Casimiro Gómez commissioned the Portuguese landscape gardener Jacinto de Matos, one of the most important Portuguese landscape gardeners of the first half of the 20th century, to design a garden to the west of his vast estate of Villa Buenos Aires. Jacinto de Matos, who owned a nursery in Porto, devoted himself to designing gardens, including several in southern Galicia. The Portuguese landscape gardener designed a garden with a central path flanked by two rows of trees. By 1908, the park had already been laid out and, at the end of the central avenue, there was a small circular belvedere with an iron metal structure crowned by a dome, reached by six stone steps and designed as a viewpoint on a promontory overlooking the surrounding landscape and the Lérez river.After the First World War Casimiro Gómez oriented the activity of the Villa Buenos Aires estate towards an experimental farm that also acted as a nursery for selected pine and eucalyptus seeds. On either side of the central avenue of the park designed by Jacinto de Matos, two double rows of large exotic eucalyptus trees were planted. The trees came from the Areas nursery in the municipality of Tui, set up in 1906 by forestry engineer Rafael Areses Vidal. Decades later, with the disappearance of the Villa Buenos Aires estate and the urban development of the Monte Porreiro neighbourhood in the 1970s, the belvedere overlooking the Lérez river was completely transformed, replacing the metal structure with a concrete one, and the park became a public space.At the end of 2000, the belvedere was restored by students from the Monte Porreiro workshop-school, and three rest areas with stone benches and paths were created to link the belvedere to Dinamarca Street. Between 2006 and 2007, the park surrounding the belvedere was redesigned by these students, with benches, pavements, information panels and litter bins, and a children's play area and mini-golf course were created. The natural area surrounding the central pathway has also been improved, with the creation of paths, the integration of parking spaces and the creation of a fruit tree orchard.In 2008, the belvedere was highlighted as a unique feature thanks to new ornamental lighting. The belvedere was illuminated with an intense white light, enhancing the view of the site from different points in the city.In 2010, stone walls were built to support the land, a new path was created that crosses the entire park, shrubs were planted, a BMX track was created and sports pitches with baskets and goals were installed in the lower part of the park.

 Description 
The park, which is almost entirely bounded by Dinamarca street along its entire perimeter and Francia street to the east, covers an area of 60,000 m2 and comprises a central walkway that begins in Francia street and continues from Italia street. Scattered throughout the park and around the central walkway are around a hundred exotic eucalyptus trees with thick trunks at the base and broad leafy tops. These eucalyptus trees, arranged on both sides of the central avenue corresponding to the original design of the garden, form a double alignment, and include species of manna gum, rose gum, blue gum and bangalay.The central avenue of the Belvedere park is lit by around twenty lampposts that provide access to the belvedere at the end of the avenue, which offers a good view of the last stretch of the Lérez river. The current belvedere is an octagonal structure that retains the original stone steps and has an upper terrace with balustrade accessed by an outside staircase on the right-hand side. On the north-west side of the park there is an 18-hole mini-golf course and a children's play area.Near the belvedere is a pergola supported by six granite columns, which houses an area with four stone benches. Near Dinamarca Street, which surrounds the lower part of the belvedere park, there are two sports fields with baskets and goals.The park is the meeting place par excellence in the Monte Porreiro neighbourhood and is also frequented by the rest of the population of Pontevedra.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

 See also 

 Bibliography 
Álvarez Álvarez, Pedro; Rico Boquete, Eduardo; Rodríguez Soalleiro, Roque (2003). "La creación de los primeros viveros forestales públicos en Galicia". Cuadernos de la Sociedad Española de Ciencias Forestales (in Spanish) (16): 261–266. ISSN 1575-2410.
Carmona Badía, Xoán (2009). Empresarios de Galicia. Volume 2 (PDF) (in Galician). A Coruña: CIEF, Centro de Investigación Económica e Financeira Fundación Caixa Galicia. p. 299. ISBN 978-84-96982-37-6.
Pereira Fernández, Xosé Manuel (2009). El balneario del Lérez. La aventura termal de Casimiro Gómez (in Spanish). Pontevedra: Diputación de Pontevedra. p. 76-78. ISBN 978-84-8457-335-7.
Riveiro Tobío, Elvira (2008). Descubrir Pontevedra (in Spanish). Pontevedra: Edicións do Cumio. p. 74. ISBN 9788482890852.

 Related articles 
Monte Porreiro
Botanical Garden of Lourizán
Palm Trees Park
Island of Sculptures

 External links 
Remarkable trees in Pontevedra on the Pontevedra Provincial Council's natural environment website
Preliminary project for the redevelopment of the Monte Porreiro district (page 8) on the IGVS website of the Galician regional government.

Sofia Ennaoui
Sofia Ennaoui (born 30 August 1995) is a Polish middle-distance runner who specialises in the 1500 metres. She finished fifth in the event at the 2022 World Athletics Championships as the second non-African woman. Ennaoui won the silver medal at the 2018 European Championships, and a bronze at the 2022 European Championships. At the European Indoor Championships, she earned bronze in 2017, silver in 2019 and bronze in 2023. She took two individual age-group medals at the European Cross Country Championships.
She was the 2015 and 2017 European Under-23 Championships 1500 m silver medallist. Ennaoui represented her country at the 2016 Rio Olympics. She is the Polish record holder for the 1000 metres both indoors and out, and also holds national U20 record for the 3000 metres. She won 10 Polish titles (mostly over 1500 m).

 Personal life 
Sofia Ennaoui was born to a Moroccan father and a Polish mother and moved to Poland at the age of 2. She is a soldier in the Polish Army. She went through the basic training in 2019 which resulted in an injury and her absence from the 2019 World Championships in Doha.Foot injury meant she was also unable to compete at the postponed 2020 Tokyo Olympics in 2021.

 Achievements 

 International competitions 

 Personal bests 
800 metres – 1:58.98 (Chorzów 2022)
800 metres indoor – 2:00.40 (Toruń 2019)
1000 metres – 2:32.30 (Monaco 2020) NR
1000 metres indoor – 2:35.69 (Birmingham 2023) NR
1500 metres – 3:59.70 (Chorzów 2020)
1500 metres indoor – 4:04.06 (Istanbul 2023)
Mile – 4:23.34 (London 2018)
Mile indoor – 4:30.43 (Stockholm 2016)
3000 metres – 8:59.44 (Sotteville-lès-Rouen 2014) NU20R
3000 metres indoor – 8:45.29 (Birmingham 2017)

 National titles 
Polish Athletics Championships
1500 metres: 2015, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2022
Polish Indoor Athletics Championships
1500 metres: 2015, 2018, 2019
3000 metres: 2017

 References 

 External links 
Sofia Ennaoui at World Athletics
Sofia Ennaoui at European Athletics
Sofia Ennaoui at the Polski Związek Lekkiej Atletyki (in Polish)
Sofia Ennaoui at Olympedia 
Sofia Ennaoui at Olympics.com
Sofia Ennaoui at the Polski Komitet Olimpijski (archive) (in Polish)

Young Hearts (The Curse)
"Young Hearts" is the ninth episode of the American television satire black comedy The Curse. The episode was written by series creators Nathan Fielder and Benny Safdie and directed by Fielder. It originally aired on streaming and on-demand for all Showtime and Paramount+ with Showtime subscribers on January 5, 2024, before making its on-air debut on Showtime on January 7, 2024. The episode was screened at the Film at Lincoln Center.The series follows Whitney and Asher Siegel, a newly married couple as they try to conceive a child while co-starring on their problematic new HGTV show, Fliplanthropy. Also joining them on their show is Dougie Schecter, a producer who is trying to make the best possible version of the show in order to reach a wider audience. In the episode, HGTV makes a request for Fliplanthropy, while Whitney tries to improve her image with Asher.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 0.034 million household viewers and gained a 0.01 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received extremely positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances (especially Nathan Fielder), character development, tone and ending.

 Plot 
Whitney (Emma Stone) and Dougie (Benny Safdie) meet with Martha (GiGi Erneta), an HGTV representative. They had already committed in working to portray Asher (Nathan Fielder) in a negative light, hoping it will lead to more buzz for the show. However, Martha states that she wants Fliplanthropy to depict a happy marriage without any kind of controversy, which contradicts Dougie's original statement.
Wanting to build a better image of herself and Asher, Whitney gets him to accompany her to a bowling alley to play and have fun, with Asher unaware of her plan with Dougie. Whitney also struggles when people continue questioning her for her parents' past, which results in a crew member getting fired. She tries to correct it by rehiring the crew member, to no success. She decides to confront her parents over their actions, scolding them for prioritizing their business over the community.
After overhearing Asher expressing his sexual fantasy over other men having sex with her, Whitney decides to show him a rough cut of Green Queen. The cut depicts many of the issues that Whitney has tried to tackle but is prevented from showing, as well as her comments over how Asher is holding her back from achieving her dreams. Asher is shaken by the footage and leaves the room. He returns shortly afterward and demands Dougie use the footage in the show, despite Martha's warning. Asher concludes that the curse was actually himself, blaming himself for all their shortcomings. He apologizes for everything and says he still wants to be with her, promising to change as he believes they can turn it around. Whitney silently stares back at him, trembling and crying.

 Production 

 Development 
The episode was written by series creators Nathan Fielder and Benny Safdie, and directed by Fielder. This was Fielder's ninth writing credit, Safdie's ninth writing credit, and Fielder's sixth directing credit.

 Reception 

 Viewers 
In its original American broadcast, "Young Hearts" was seen by an estimated 0.034 million household viewers and gained a 0.01 ratings share among adults aged 18–49, according to Nielsen Media Research. This means that 0.01 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode. This was a 36% increase in viewership from the previous episode, which was watched by 0.025 million viewers with a 0.00 in the 18-49 demographics.

 Critical reviews 
"Young Hearts" received extremely positive reviews from critics. Manuel Betancourt of The A.V. Club gave the episode a "B+" grade and wrote, "while we keep pondering who is Whitney behind all her conniving, manipulative stints and her performative, jokey self-aware white-savior stunts, we may be left wondering only whether there'll be enough Emmy love thrown toward Emma Stone's masterful cringe performance. Because The Curse works only as well as it does because its center, its 'Green Queen' remains a transfixing cipher you can't look away from."Alan Sepinwall of Rolling Stone wrote, "Nathan Fielder has the lightest acting resume of the main trio, but he's terrific here going toe-to-toe with Stone, verbally bulldozing her while all she can do is try to absorb and understand everything he's saying. It's a terrific episode, easily the highlight of The Curse so far."Amanda Whiting of Vulture gave the episode a 3 star rating out of 5 and wrote, "Like many a penultimate episode, 'Young Hearts' works hard (and too visibly) to get story lines and characters into position for an eruptive ending, doing so without enough connective tissue to make it truly satisfying as a stand-alone hour of TV. What was this episode about? It was about reminding you of every theme and conflict raised across episodes one through eight, saving the most important for last." Caemeron Crain of TV Obsessive wrote, "Again, I think it feels adjacent, but the vibes from Whitney are also toxic on the whole. It's like the Siegels are competing to see who can be more passive aggressive."Esther Zuckerman of The New York Times wrote, "This week's episode, is revelatory with regards to Whitney on multiple levels, and it's also a tour de force for Emma Stone, an actress whose natural understanding of the camera and what it can do allows her to play all the facets of this complicated, troubled character. The episode leaves no doubt about just how wrong she and Asher are for each other. But before then, a series of smaller Whitney-related events peel back layers of her carefully constructed persona." Fletcher Peters of The Daily Beast wrote, "Dougie, stunned, speaks for all of us: “That was beautiful.” What the hell is going to happen in this finale?"

 References 

 External links 
"Young Hearts" at Showtime
"Young Hearts" at IMDb

Juan Rulfo
Juan Nepomuceno Carlos Pérez Rulfo Vizcaíno, best known as Juan Rulfo (Spanish: [ˈxwan ˈrulfo] ; 16 May 1917 – 7 January 1986), was a Mexican writer, screenwriter, and photographer. He is best known for two literary works, the 1955 novel Pedro Páramo, and the collection of short stories El Llano en llamas (1953). This collection includes the popular tale "¡Diles que no me maten!" ("Tell Them Not to Kill Me!").

 Early life 
Rulfo was born in 1917 in Apulco, Jalisco, although he was registered at Sayula, in the home of his paternal grandfather. Rulfo's birth year was often listed as 1918, because he had provided an inaccurate date to get into the military academy that his uncle, David Pérez Rulfo — a colonel working for the government — directed.After his father was killed in 1923 and his mother died in 1927, Rulfo's grandmother raised him in Guadalajara, Jalisco.  Their extended family consisted of landowners whose fortunes were ruined by the Mexican Revolution and the Cristero War of 1926–1928, a Roman Catholic revolt against the persecutions of Christians by the Mexican government, following the Mexican Revolution.Rulfo was sent to study in the Luis Silva School, where he lived from 1928 to 1932. He completed six years of elementary school and a special seventh year from which he graduated as a bookkeeper, though he never practiced that profession. Rulfo attended a seminary (analogous to a secondary school) from 1932 to 1934, but did not attend a university afterwards, as the University of Guadalajara was closed due to a strike and because Rulfo had not taken preparatory school courses.Rulfo moved to Mexico City, where he entered the National Military Academy, which he left after three months. He then hoped to study law at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. In 1936, Rulfo was able to audit courses in literature at the University, because he obtained a job as an immigration file clerk through his uncle.

 Career 
At the University Rulfo began writing under the tutelage of a coworker, Efrén Hernández. In 1944, Rulfo co-founded the literary journal Pan. Later, he was able to advance in his career and travel throughout Mexico as an immigration agent. In 1946, he started as a foreman for Goodrich-Euzkadi, but his mild temperament led him to prefer working as a wholesale traveling sales agent. This obligated him to travel throughout all of southern Mexico, until he was fired in 1952 for asking for a radio for his company car.Rulfo obtained a fellowship at the Centro Mexicano de Escritores, supported by the Rockefeller Foundation. There, between 1952 and 1954, he was able to write two books.The first book was a collection of harshly realistic short stories, El Llano en llamas (1953). The stories centered on life in rural Mexico around the time of the Mexican Revolution and the Cristero War. Among the best-known stories are "¡Diles que no me maten!" ("Tell Them Not To Kill Me!"), a story about an old man, set to be executed, who is captured by order of a colonel, who happens to be the son of a man whom the condemned man had killed about forty years ago, the story contains echoes of the biblical Cain and Abel theme as well as themes critical to the Mexican Revolution such as land rights and land use; and "No oyes ladrar los perros" ("Don't You Hear the Dogs Barking(?)"), about a man carrying his estranged, adult, wounded son on his back to find a doctor.
The second book was Pedro Páramo (1955), a short novel about a man named Juan Preciado who travels to his recently deceased mother's hometown, Comala, to find his father, only to come across a literal ghost town ─ populated, that is, by spectral figures. Initially, the novel met with cool critical reception and sold only two thousand copies during the first four years; later, however, the book became highly acclaimed. Páramo was a key influence for Latin American writers such as Gabriel García Márquez. Pedro Páramo has been translated into more than 30 languages, and the English version has sold more than a million copies in the United States.The book went through several changes in name. In two letters written in 1947 to his fiancée Clara Aparicio, he refers to the novel he was writing as Una estrella junto a la luna (A Star Next to the Moon), saying that it was causing him some trouble. During the last stages of writing, he wrote in journals that the title would be Los murmullos (The Murmurs). With the assistance of a grant from the Centro Mexicano de Escritores, Rulfo was able to finish the book between 1953 and 1954; it was published in 1955.
In passages of the novel Pedro Páramo, the influence of American novelist William Faulkner is notorious, according to Rulfo's former friend, philologist Antonio Alatorre, in an interview with the latter made by journalists of Mexican newspaper El Universal in November 1998, which was published on 31 October 2010.Between 1956 and 1958, Rulfo worked on a novella entitled El gallo de oro (The Golden Cockerel), which was not published until 1980. A revised and corrected edition was issued posthumously in 2010. The Fundación Rulfo possesses fragments of two unfinished novels, La cordillera and Ozumacín. Rulfo told interviewer Luis Harss that he had written and destroyed an earlier novel set in Mexico City.From 1954 to 1957, Rulfo collaborated with "La comisión del rio Papaloapan", a government institution working on socioeconomic development of the settlements along the Papaloapan River. From 1962 until his death in 1986, he worked as editor for the National Institute for Indigenous People.

 Personal life 
Rulfo married Clara Angelina Aparicio Reyes (Mexico City, 12 August 1928) in Guadalajara, Jalisco, on 24 April 1948; they had four children, Claudia Berenice (Mexico City, 29 January 1949), Juan Francisco (Guadalajara, Jalisco, 13 December 1950), Juan Pablo (México City, 18 April 1955) and Juan Carlos Rulfo (México City, 24 January 1964).

 Legacy 
Gabriel García Márquez has said that he felt blocked as a novelist after writing his first four books and that it was only his life-changing discovery of Pedro Páramo in 1961 that opened the way to the composition of his masterpiece, One Hundred Years of Solitude. He noted that all of Rulfo's published writing, put together, "add up to no more than 300 pages; but that is almost as many and I believe they are as durable, as the pages that have come down to us from Sophocles".Jorge Luis Borges considered Pedro Páramo to be one of the greatest texts written in any language.The Juan Rulfo Foundation, which was established by Rulfo's family after his death, holds more than 6,000 negatives of his photographs. A selection of Rulfo's photographs, accompanied by essays by Carlos Fuentes and others, has been published under the title of Juan Rulfo's Mexico.

 Books 
El llano en llamas (1953). Translated by George D. Schade as The Burning Plain (University of Texas, 1967); Ilan Stavans and Harold Augenbraum as The Plain in Flames (University of Texas, 2012); Stephen Beechinor as El Llano in Flames (Structo, 2019).
Pedro Páramo (1955). Translated by Lysander Kemp (Grove Press, 1959); Margaret Sayers Peden (Grove Press, 1994); and Douglas J. Weatherford (2023).
El gallo de oro (1980; revised 2010). Translated by Douglas J. Weatherford as The Golden Cockerel & Other Writings (Deep Vellum, 2017).

 Further reading 

 Spanish 
Lecturas rulfianas / Milagros Ezquerro, 2006
Tríptico para Juan Rulfo: poesía, fotografía, crítica / Víctor Jiménez, 2006
La recepción inicial de Pedro Páramo / Jorge Zepeda (Editorial RM-Fundación Juan Rulfo, México, 2005. ISBN 84-933036-7-4)
Entre la cruz y la sospecha: los cristeros de Revueltas, Yáñez y Rulfo / Angel Arias Urrutia, 2005
Estructura y discurso de género en Pedro Páramo de Juan Rulfo / Alba Sovietina Estrada Cárdenas, 2005
Voces de la tierra: la lección de Rulfo / Felipe Garrido, 2004
Mito y poesía en la obra de Juan Rulfo / María Luisa Ortega, 2004
La ficción de la memoria: Juan Rulfo ante la crítica / Federico Campbell, 2003
Juan Rulfo / Nuria Amat, 2003
Análisis de Pedro Páramo, Juan Rulfo / César Pérez P, 2003
Homenaje a Juan Rulfo / Dante Medina, 2002
Perfil de Juan Rulfo / Sergio López Mena, 2001
Revisión crítica de la obra de Juan Rulfo / Sergio López Mena, 1998
Juan Rulfo / Alberto Vital Díaz, 1998
La sociedad en la obra de Juan Rulfo / Magdalena González Casillas, 1998
Rulfo en su lumbre: y otros temas latinoamericanos / Jaime Mejía Duque, 1998
Juan Rulfo, el eterno: caminos para una interpretación / Anita Arenas Saavedra, 1997
Juan Rulfo: la naturaleza hostil / Antonio Aliberti, 1996
Recopilación de textos sobre Juan Rulfo / La Habana, Cuba: Centro de Investigaciones Literarias, 1995
Los caminos de la creación en Juan Rulfo / Sergio López Mena, 1994
Juan Rulfo: la lengua, el tiempo y el espacio / Gustavo C Fares, 1994
Juan Rulfo, del Páramo a la esperanza: una lectura crítica de su obra / Yvette Jiménez de Báez, 1994
Juan Rulfo y el sur de Jalisco: aspectos de su vida y obra / Wolfgang Vogt, 1994
El laberinto y la pena: ensayo sobre la cuentística rulfiana / Rafael José Alfonzo, 1992
Imaginar Comala: el espacio en la obra de Juan Rulfo / Gustavo C Fares, 1991
Rulfo y el dios de la memoria / Abel Ibarra, 1991
Rulfo, dinámica de la violencia / Marta Portal, 1990

 Photography 
Mexico: Juan Rulfo Fotógrafo, 2001: The Spanish language edition of his photographs with essays by the same authors as the volume above, but written in Spanish.
Inframundo: El México de Juan Rulfo / 1st ed. 1980, 2nd ed. 1983 / Versions in Spanish and English with essays. Published in 1980/83 by Ediciones del Norte in Hanover, New Hampshire
Juan Rulfo: Letras e imágenes, RM, 2002. The book is outlined in: https://web.archive.org/web/20110613163940/http://www.clubcultura.com/clubliteratura/clubescritores/juanrulfo/letrasimagenes01.htm
http://www.guiarte.com/noticias/juan-rulfo-fotografo.html
http://www.elpais.com/articulo/cultura/ojos/Pedro/Paramo/elpepuint/20070903elpepicul_2/Tes
https://web.archive.org/web/20110519065034/http://elangelcaido.org/2005/11/200511jrulfo/200511jrulfoe.html

 Notes 

 References 
Janney, Frank (ed.) (1984). Inframundo: The Mexico of Juan Rulfo. New York: Persea Books.
Interview with Teresa Gómez Gleason, in: Juan Rulfo (1985). Jorge Ruffinelli, ed. Obra completa (2nd ed.). Fundación Biblioteca Ayacucho. p. 214.
Soler Serrano, Joaquín, "Entrevista con Juan Rulfo" in A Fondo ( TV show ), RTVE2, April 17, 1977.

 External links 

¡Diles que no me maten! – Sound recording of reading ¡Diles que no me maten! read by Juan Rulfo
"Asombro por Juan Rulfo" – Transcription of a speech given by Gabriel García Márquez on the 50th anniversary of El Llano en llamas, 18 September 2002.

Derek Raymond
Robert William Arthur Cook (12 June 1931 – 30 July 1994), better known since the 1980s by his pen name Derek Raymond, was an English crime writer, credited with being a founder of British noir.

 Biography 

 Early life 
The eldest son of a textile magnate, Cook spent his early years at the family's London house, off Baker Street, tormenting a series of nannies.In 1937, in anticipation of the Second World War, the family retreated to the countryside, to a house near their Kentish castle. In 1944, Cook went to Eton, which he later characterised as a "hotbed of buggery" and "an excellent preparation for vice of any kind". He dropped out at the age of 17. During his National Service, Cook attained the rank of corporal (latrines). After a brief period working for the family business, selling lingerie in a department store in Neath, Wales, he spent most of the 1950s leading the life of a Chelsea layabout which he describes in his first, semi-autobiographical, novel The Crust on its Uppers (1962), from 1957 on enjoying a long affair with Hazel Whittington the deserted wife of Victor Willing At some time he is said to have lived in the Beat Hotel in Paris, rubbing shoulders with his neighbours William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg, and danced at fashionable left bank boîtes with the likes of Juliette Gréco. In New York City he resided on the Lower East Side and was married to an heiress from New England for all of sixty-five days. He claimed that he was sick of the dead-on-its-feet upper crust he was born into, that he didn't believe in and didn't want, whose values were meaningless. He was seeking to carve his way out — "Crime was the only chisel I could find." Cook smuggled oil paintings to Amsterdam, drove fast cars into Spain from Gibraltar, and consummated his downward mobility by spending time in a Spanish jail for sounding off about Francisco Franco in his local bar.

 Odd books and irregular jobs 
Cook returned to London in 1960. He soon fronted a property company for Charlie Da Silva, an associate of the Krays. After undergoing interrogation by the Dutch police force in connection with an insurance scam related to the apparent theft of a painting by Rembrandt, Cook claimed to have given up a life of actual crime for good in favour of a life of writing about it. Published under the name of Robin Cook (not to be confused with the American novelist), his study of one man's deliberate descent into the milieu of London lowlifes, The Crust on its Uppers (1962) was an immediate succès de scandale upon publication. Lexicographers mined it for authentic usage of Cockney rhyming slang and thieves’ cant. But glowing reviews failed to produce great riches. Cook was unfazed by this disparity, commenting later: “I’ve watched people like Kingsley Amis, struggling to get on the up escalator, while I had the down escalator all to myself." He supported his second wife, Eugene, and first child, Sebastian, by combining further novel-writing with stints as a Soho pornographer in St Anne's Court or running gambling parties. In conducting these affairs, Cook soon found himself inspired to depart from England. He spent much of the 1960s in Italy. The Tuscan village in which he settled declared itself an independent anarchist state, and appointed Cook in a dual capacity of its foreign minister and minister of finance.
By the end of 1970, Cook had a third wife, Rose, a stepson, Nicholas, an infant daughter, Zoe, a house in Holland Park, and a job as a taxi-driver. His books earned no royalties, his third marriage was in shambles, and he lost his London house. Cook relocated to France and bought a derelict 15th-century fortified tower in Aveyron, to the north of Montpellier. He abandoned writing through all of the 1970s, working as a vineyard labourer with occasional sidelines in roofing, driving, and livestock slaughter. His family rejoined him for a while, but by 1979 the marriage had disintegrated. Nearing 50, Cook eased himself back into literature with a potboiler that was published only in a French translation. He returned to London, married his fourth wife, Fiona, then divorced again. He worked as a minicab-driver on the night shift. He was collecting the material for the first of his "black novels".

 Black novels 
Cook published He Died With His Eyes Open (1984) under the pen name of Derek Raymond. He adopted his new pseudonym because he did not want to be confused with the American writer known as Robin Cook, "nor with the bloody shadow minister for health, come to that". In France, his books kept being published under his real name, generating some confusion with the American novelist.

The book inaugurated the Factory series, nominal police procedurals narrated by the unnamed protagonist, a sergeant at London Metropolitan Police’s Department of Unexplained Deaths, also known as A14. A14 handles the crummy lowlife murders, in contrast with attention-grabbing homicides handled by the prestigious Serious Crimes Division, better known as Scotland Yard. It is "by far the most unpopular and shunned branch of the service" (He Died With His Eyes Open, p. 6). As befits his lowly professional standing and departmental affiliation, the detective is surly, sarcastic, and insubordinate. His first case in the series is an inquiry into the murder of one Charles Locksley Alwin Staniland, an unemployed writer aged fifty-one, of upper class breeding but apparently down on his luck. He appears to be making little headway in an investigation that his departmental betters would be expected to treat as trivial. His ensuing relations with authorities proceed along the lines of this conversation with Inspector Bowman:'Christ, it’s you,’ he said. You still on that Staniland case?Still?' I said. 'I’ve only been on it four days.' 'Four days? You should have had the geezer in half the time. You’ll be working weekends if you don't pull your finger out.' 'Don’t be silly,' I said. 'If you solved them that fast, they’d start stripping you down for the microchips to find out how you did it.How are you getting on with it, anyhow?I can’t get my proof,' I said. 'You know me — slow, quick, quick, slow, Mr. Foxtrot they call me. That's why I’m still a sergeant while you’re shaping up for superintendent on the Vice Squad. All I can say is, when it happens, don't get done for looking at dirty pictures on the taxpayer's time.' 'You really make me laugh, you do,' Bowman said. 'You come out with better jokes than a villain.'
—Ibid., p. 146The detective displays similar manners whilst intimidating villains who pop up as witnesses in his investigation:'Oh, sorry. Yes, that one. Yes, I get you now.Do you?' I said. 'Lucky for you. Because you could find yourself in a bit of bother if you didn’t look out. I might decide I wanted to wind you right up tight if you misled me, just to see what would happen. And do you know what would happen, fatty? You’d go off pop! Like that.''Okay, okay,' he said. —Ibid., p. 33Such social shortcomings find their counterpart in a nearly psychotic identification with the mutilated bodies of murder victims whom the hero relentlessly avenges. The detective finds Staniland's recorded journals. He listens to the voice of the murder victim ruminate on his sense of being trapped in his body and the possibility of release through death. The tapes convey a poetic diction infected with haunted sensibilities:The next tape of Staniland’s I played started:I dreamed I was walking through the door of a cathedral. Someone I couldn’t distinguish warned me: 'Don’t go in there, it’s haunted.' However, I went straight in and glided up the nave to the altar. The roof of the building was too high to see; the quoins were lost in a dark fog through which the votive lamps glowed orange. The only light came through the diamond-shaped clear panes in the windows; it was faint and cold. This neglected mass was attached to a sprawl of vaulted ruins; I had been in them all night; I had wandered through them for centuries. They had once been my home; burned-out rafters jutted like human ribs above empty, freezing galleries, and great doors gave onto suites soaked by pitiless rain. Angry spectres, staggering with the faint steps of the insane, paraded arm in arm through the wrecked masonry, sneering as I passed: ‘The Stanilands have no money? Good! Excellent!'In the cathedral there were no pews or chairs, just people standing around, waiting. No service was in progress. Knots of men and women from another century stood about, talking in low voices to bishops who moved in and out of the crowd, trailing their tarnished vestments.
I realised with a paralysing horror that the place really was haunted. The people kept looking upwards, as though waiting for an event. I managed to overcome my fear and went on up the nave towards the altar. As I passed, groups of people crossed themselves and said nervously: 'Don't do that!' I took no notice, but opened the gate in the rails and went and stood in front of the altar. Behind it, instead of a reredos, hung a tapestry with a strange, curling design in dark red; the tapestry was so high that it lost itself in the roof. As I watched, it began to undulate, to flow and ripple, gradually and sensuously at first, then more and more ardently, until it was rearing and thundering against the wall like an angry sea. I heard people behind me groan and mutter, praying in their anguish and fear. Then my waist was held by invisible hands and I was raised from the floor; at the height of the roof I was turned slowly parallel with the ground and then released so that I floated, immobile and face downwards, far above the people whose faces I could make out in the half-dark as a grey blur, staring up at me. After I had floated the length and breadth of the building I descended quietly, of my own accord, and landed lightly on the spot from where I had been taken, whereupon I walked directly out of the building without looking back. As I walked swiftly away down a gravel path someone like Barbara came running towards me in a white coat, approaching from a thick hedge that surrounded the graveyard.'Quick', she said over her shoulder, 'don't let him get out!' 
But I walked straight into a wood that confronted me without a qualm; no one had any power over me now.

—Ibid., pp. 188–190The sacred relationship between the dreamer's body and the cathedral finds its immediate complement in the profane preoccupations of his waking life.The passage that I was listening to now ran:Unhook the delicate, crazy lace of flesh, detach the heart with a single cut, unmask the tissue behind the skin, unhinge the ribs, disclose the spine, take down the long dress of muscle from the bones where it hangs erect. A pause to boil the knives — then take a bold but cunning curve, sweeping into the skull you had trepanned, into the brain, and extract its art if you can. But you will have blood on your hands unless you transfused it into bottles first, and cure the whole art of the dead you may, but in brine — a dish to fatten you for your own turn.What better surgeon than a maggot?
What greater passion than a heart in formaldehyde?
Ash drops from the morgue assistant's cigarette into the dead mouth; they will have taken forensic X-rays of the smashed bones before putting him back into the fridge with a bang; there he will wait until the order for burial from the coroner arrives. 
Those responsible for the end of his mysterious being will escape or, at best, being proved mad, get a suspended sentence under Section Sixty.

—Ibid., pp. 191–192Earlier on, the detective heard Staniland's detailed account of his participation in the slaughter of a hog, which recapitulates one among many menial occupations of his creator (Ibid., pp. 102–103). His systematic inversion of vitality drains his favourite characters of life's essence or its principal characteristics, even as it imbues their environment with ominous animation, after the manner of French Symbolists. Uncharacteristically for a writer of crime fiction, Cook expressly and primarily identifies his authorial persona with the murder victim. Accordingly, his detective plays the part of the difficult reader favoured by the Symbolists. In response to Staniland's taped lesson in forensic pathology, he recalls another underappreciated artist:I switched the player off and began thinking for no apparent reason about a friend I had once when I was a young man. He was a sculptor who used my local pub in the Fulham Road; his studio was just opposite. He wore sandals but no socks, whatever the weather, and was always powdered with stone dust; this gave him a grey appearance and got under his nails. He wore his white hair long and straight over his ears. He was a Communist, and he didn't care who knew it, though he only said so if people asked. They didn't bother often. He was a Communist as an act of faith, like a Cathar. He accepted the doctrine straight, as Communists used to before they won and everything turned sour. But he rarely spoke to anyone about politics; there were so many other things to talk about. He and I used to stand at the bar together and drink beer and talk about them. But few people talked to him. That suited him. Most people couldn't be bothered because he was stone deaf and could only lip-read you. He was deaf because he had fought for the Republic with the XIIth Brigade in the Spanish war. He had fought at Madrid (University Buildings), and later at Huesca and Teruel with the XVth. But at Teruel he had had both eardrums shattered when a shell exploded too close to him.'It was worth it.'
'No regrets?'
'No, of course not.'
One of the greatest forms of courage is accepting your fate, and I admired him for living with his affliction without blaming anyone for it. His name was Ransome, and he was sixty-five when I first knew him. He got his old-age pension and no more; governments don't give you any money for fighting in foreign political wars. People like that are treated like nurses – expected to go unseen and unrewarded. So Ransome had to live in a very spare, austere way, living on porridge and crackers, drinking tea, and getting on with his sculpture. It suited him, luckily. He had always lived like that.
Nobody who mattered liked his sculpture; when I went over to his council studio I understood why. His figures reminded me of Ingres crossed with early Henry Moore; they were extraordinarily graceful, and far too honest to mean anything whatever to current trendy taste. There was a quality in them that no artist nowadays can seize any more; they expressed virtues – toughness, idealism, determination – that went out of style with a vanished Britain that I barely remembered. I asked him why, with his talent, he didn't progress to a more modern attitude, but he said it was no use; he was still struggling to represent the essence of what he had experienced in the 1930s. 'What I’m always trying to capture,' he explained, 'is the light, the vision inside a man, and the conviction which that light lends his action, his whole body. Haven't you noticed how the planes of a man's body alter when he's in the grip of a belief? The ex-bank-clerk acquires the stature of an athlete as he throws a grenade – or, it might be, I recollect the instant where an infantryman in an attack, a worker with a rifle, is stopped by a bullet: I try to reconstruct in stone the tragedy of a free man passing from life to death, from will to nothingness: I try to capture the second in which he disintegrates. It’s an objective that won't let me go,' he said, 'and I don’t want it to.' He had been full of promise before he went to Spain; he grubbed about and found me some of his old press-cuttings. In one of them he was quoted as saying: 'A sculptor’s task is to convey the meaning of his time in terms of its over-riding idea. If he doesn’t transmit the idea he’s worth nothing, no matter how much fame he acquires or money he makes. The idea is everything.'
—Ibid., pp. 192–194
The conventional detective hero of American noir fiction exemplified toughness, idealism, and determination in his private pursuit of justice unattainable by official means. Stripped of idealism by postwar disillusionment, his English counterpart transmutes his toughness and determination into an obsessive pursuit of an inexorable existential conundrum. The victimised pretext of this pursuit was readily identifiable with the implied author of the narrative in his physiological and metaphysical anguish. In his definitive statement of literary convictions, Cook postulated that the black novel "describes men and women whom circumstances have pushed too far, people whom existence has bent and deformed. It deals with the question of turning a small, frightened battle with oneself into a much greater struggle – the universal human struggle against the general contract, whose terms are unfillable, and where defeat is certain." (The Hidden Files) By the general contract, the writer understood human life at its most exigent. The idea was everything.
Cook's first black novel soon made Cook's name in France. It was filmed as He Died with His Eyes Open (On ne meurt que 2 fois, 1985), with Charlotte Rampling and Michel Serrault in the lead roles. His following black novel, The Devil's Home On Leave (1985), featured an informer turning up in five up-market supermarket bags as boiled meat, and provided greater insight into the motives of its unnamed protagonist. It was filmed in France as Les Mois d’avril sont meurtriers (1987). In Cook's novel How the Dead Live (1986), its detective sent away from London to a remote village called Thornhill, looking into the disappearance of a local doctor's wife and gleaning unique insights into consensual justification of homicide. Cook, in his trademark black jeans, black leather jacket and black beret, became a star act on the Continental literary circuit. When his Factory novels were reprinted in paperback in the late 1980s, Derek Raymond began to gather momentum in the English-speaking world.

 I Was Dora Suarez 
Cook's career peaked following the 1990 publication of what many consider his best – and most repulsive – work: the tortured, redemptive tale of a masochistic serial killer, I Was Dora Suarez. As the fourth novel in the Factory series opens, a young prostitute named Dora Suarez is dismembered with an axe. The killer then crushes the head of her friend, an 86-year-old widow. On the same night, a mile away in the West End, a shotgun severs the top off the head of Felix Roatta, part-owner of the seedy Parallel Club. As the detective obsesses with the young woman whose murder he investigates, he discovers that her death is even more bizarre than he had suspected: the murderer was a cannibal who consumed flesh from Suarez's corpse and ejaculated against her thigh. Autopsy results accrue the revulsion as they compound the puzzle: Suarez was dying of AIDS, but the pathologist is unable to determine how she had contracted HIV. Then a photo, supplied by a former Parallel hostess, links Suarez to Roatta, and inquiries at the nightclub reveal her vile and inhuman exploitation.
To Cook's delight, the ensuing novel caused Dan Franklin, who had become publisher at the company which had issued the earlier three Factory novels, to proclaim the book had made him feel sick. As a result of this reader response, Secker & Warburg the publisher declined to make an offer, and his new agent, writer Maxim Jakubowski offered the book elsewhere and it was quickly acquired by Scribner who took over the publishing of his books until his death. Writing for The New York Times, Marilyn Stasio proclaimed: “Everything about I Was Dora Suarez […] shrieks of the joy and pain of going too far." Filmmaker Chris Petit described it in The Times as "a book full of coagulating disgust and compassion for the world's contamination, disease and mutilation, all dwelt on with a feverish, metaphysical intensity that recalls Donne and the Jacobeans more than any of Raymond's contemporaries." Showing up its surfeit of intestinal fortitude, the French government named its author a Chevalier of Arts and Letters in 1991.
Cook believed I Was Dora Suarez was his greatest and most onerous achievement: "Writing Suarez broke me; I see that now. I don’t mean that it broke me physically or mentally, although it came near to doing both. But it changed me; it separated out for ever what was living and what was dead. I realised it was doing so at the time, but not fully, and not how, and not at once. […] I asked for it, though. If you go down into the darkness, you must expect it to leave traces on you coming up – if you do come up. It's like working in a mine; you hope that hands you can't see know what they’re doing and will pull you through. I know I wondered half way through Suarez if I would get through – I mean, if my reason would get through. For the trouble with an experience like Suarez is that you become what you’re writing, passing like Alice through the language into the situation." (The Hidden Files, pp. 132–133.)

 Endgame 
Following the amicable break-up of his fifth marriage to Agnès, Cook returned to Britain in 1991. The publication of his literary memoir The Hidden Files (1992) precipitated numerous interviews. The Cardinal and the Corpse, a film made for Channel 4 by Chris Petit and Iain Sinclair, about the search for a possibly non-existent rare book, featured Cook as himself, reunited with such 1960s "morries" (his term for notable characters) as Jewish anarchist writer Emanuel Litvinoff and Tony Lambrianou, an ex-convict corpse disposer for the Krays and alumnus of Mosleyite Jew-baiting. Derek Raymond's fifth novel in the Factory series, Dead Man Upright, was brought out by Time Warner in 1993, regrettably failing to sustain the momentum of the preceding entries. But its author demonstrated his versatile capacity by playing a sell-out gig at the National Film Theatre on the South Bank in the company of indie rock band Gallon Drunk, with whom he recorded a musical interpretation of I Was Dora Suarez.
Cook died peacefully at the age of 63. His cause of death was given as cancer. His literary executor is John Williams and Maxim Jakubowski became the executor of his estate. Derek Raymond's final novel, Not Till the Red Fog Rises, appeared posthumously in 1994. It served up a perverse and funny apotheosis of its protagonist Gust, on parole after serving 10 years for armed robbery. In a review published in The Observer, Jane McLoughlin compared the quality of its writing to that of Graham Greene, Eric Ambler, and Joseph Conrad. A BBC drama series based on the Factory novels and to be produced by Kenith Trodd, plus a third French film adaptation of How the Dead Live, directed by Claude Chabrol and starring Philippe Noiret, were rumoured to be in the works, but never materialised. The first four Factory novels were reissued by Serpent’s Tail starting in early 2006, and by Melville House in the United States in 2011.
Ken Bruen frequently incorporates tributes to Derek Raymond into his hard-boiled fiction.

Rob Humphreys includes this listing in The Rough Guide to London, Rough Guides, 2003, pp. 663–664:Derek Raymond, Not till the Red Fog Rises (Warner, UK). A book which "reeks with the pervasive stench of excrement" as Iain Sinclair […] put it, this is a lowlife spectacular set in the seediest sections of the capital.

 Bibliography 
The Crust on Its Uppers, 1962, originally published under the name of Robin Cook, reprinted by Serpent's Tail, 2000
Bombe Surprise, Hutchinson, 1963, originally published under the name of Robin Cook
A State of Denmark, c. 1964, originally published under the name of Robin Cook, reprinted by Serpent's Tail, 1994
The Legacy of the Stiff Upper Lip, originally published under the name of Robin Cook, 1966
Public Parts and Private Places, 1967, originally published under the name of Robin Cook, U.S. title Private Parts in Public Places, 1969
The Tenants of Dirt Street, originally published under the name of Robin Cook, 1971
Le Soleil qui s’éteint, Gallimard, 1982; translation by Rosine Fitzgerald, of Sick Transit, which remains unpublished
He Died with His Eyes Open, Secker & Warburg, 1984, the first book in the Factory series
The Devil's Home on Leave, Secker & Warburg, 1985, the second book in the Factory series
How the Dead Live, Secker & Warburg, 1986, the third book in the Factory series
Nightmare in the Street (1988), Serpent's Tail, 2006
Cauchemar dans la rue, Rivages, 1988, translation by Jean-Paul Gratias, of Nightmare in the Street, first chapter adapted under the same title in Mike Ripley and Maxim Jakubowski (editors), Fresh Blood, Do-Not Press, 1996
Every Day Is a Day in August, in Maxim Jakubowski (editor), New Crimes, Constable Robinson, 1989
I Was Dora Suarez, Scribner, 1990, the fourth book in the Factory series
Hidden Files, Little, Brown, 1992, an essay of episodic memoirs, excerpted correspondence, and emphatic literary principle
Changeless Susan, in Maxim Jakubowski (editor), More Murders for the Fireside, Pan, 1994
Dead Man Upright, Time Warner Books UK, 1993, the fifth book in the Factory series
Not Till the Red Fog Rises, Time Warner Books UK, 1994, excerpt adapted as Brand New Dead in Maxim Jakubowski (editor), London Noir, Serpent's Tail, 1995

 Discography 
Dora Suarez, Clawfist, 1993, Derek Raymond (Robin Cook) reads from his novel with background music by James Johnston and Terry Edwards (from the band Gallon Drunk)

 References 

 External links 

Serpent's Tail bio
Extensive bibliography, catalogue of links, reprinted articles and rare photos of the Author
Selection of links, blurbs and ephemera
A bibliography of Derek Raymond’s books, with the latest releases, covers, descriptions and availability

2024 United States presidential election in Minnesota
The 2024 United States presidential election in Minnesota is scheduled to take place on Tuesday, November 5, 2024, as part of the 2024 United States elections in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia will participate. Minnesota voters will choose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote. The state of Minnesota has 10 electoral votes in the Electoral College, following reapportionment due to the 2020 United States census in which the state neither gained nor lost a seat. Although a Democratic-leaning state, Minnesota is expected to be targeted by both parties in 2024. Minnesota has the longest active streak of voting for Democratic presidential nominees of any state, as it has not voted for a Republican for president since Richard Nixon won the state in 1972. Despite this, the state is generally not seen as a safe blue state, evident by the fact that no Democrat since 1964 has won more than 55% of the vote in the state, with elections having been particularly close in 1984, 2000, 2004 and 2016. If the Democratic nominee wins in 2024, it will be the thirteenth consecutive Democratic win.
Incumbent Democratic president Joe Biden is running for reelection to a second term.

 Primary elections 

 Democratic primary 

The Minnesota Democratic primary is scheduled be held on Super Tuesday, March 5, 2024.

 Legal Marijuana Now primary 

The Minnesota Legal Marijuana Now primary is scheduled be held on Super Tuesday, March 5, 2024.

 Republican primary 

The Minnesota Republican primary is scheduled be held on Super Tuesday, March 5, 2024.

 General election 

 Predictions 

 Polling 
Joe Biden vs. Donald TrumpJoe Biden vs. Ron DeSantis

 See also 
United States presidential elections in Minnesota
2024 United States presidential election
2024 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2024 Republican Party presidential primaries
2024 United States elections

 Notes 

 References 

ChalkZone
ChalkZone is an American animated television series created by Bill Burnett and Larry Huber for Nickelodeon. The series follows Rudy Tabootie, an elementary school student who discovers a box of magic chalk that allows him to draw portals into the ChalkZone, an alternate dimension where everything ever drawn on a blackboard and erased turns to life. Rudy is joined in his adventures by Snap, a wisecracking superhero Rudy once drew with chalk, and Penny Sanchez, Rudy's academically intellectual classmate and personal friend.
ChalkZone originally premiered as a pilot short on Fred Seibert's Oh Yeah! Cartoons animated shorts showcase in 1998. The series ran on Nickelodeon from March 22, 2002, to August 23, 2008, with 40 episodes in total. It was produced by Frederator Studios and Nickelodeon Animation Studio.

 Premise 
Rudy Tabootie (voiced by E. G. Daily) is a 10-year-old, fifth-grade boy who loves to draw. Reggie Bullnerd (Candi Milo), the school bully, constantly teases him or gets him into trouble with Mr. Wilter (Robert Cait), Rudy's grumpy school teacher who strongly dislikes cartoons, especially Rudy's passion for art. One day while in detention, Rudy discovers a piece of "White Lightnin'" chalk, which allows access to the ChalkZone, a place where everything and everyone that has ever been drawn and erased by chalk takes form as living or is tangible. He soon makes friends with Snap (Candi Milo), a short, blue, humanoid drawing made by Rudy when he was only 8. Snap wears a superhero outfit and is very adventurous and funny. Rudy only lets one other person know about ChalkZone, his best friend Penny Sanchez (speaking voice, Hynden Walch; singing voice, Robbyn Kirmssè), who acts as the genius of the group.
While in ChalkZone, the three are introduced to Cyclops (Rodger Bumpass), the kilt-wearing guardian of the magic chalk mines where Rudy obtains his magic chalk (Rudy later draws a second eye for him and renames him "Biclops"); Queen Rapsheeba (Rosslynn Taylor), ChalkZone's musical artist whom Snap has a crush on; and Blocky (Candi Milo; Robert Cait), a light green block friend of Snap's and Rudy's first-ever drawing. They also face villains such as Skrawl (Jim Cummings), a drawing who blames Rudy for being ugly and wants to destroy him, and the Craniacs (Rob Paulsen), a series of robot drawings obsessed with collecting futuristic devices.

 Episodes 

 Characters 

 Main 
Rudy Tabootie (voiced by E.G. Daily) is the main protagonist. He is in 5th grade. He travels to ChalkZone with his best friends Penny and Snap. He has magic chalk that he can use to draw portals into ChalkZone and draw things out of thin air. He is 10 (8 in Oh Yeah! Cartoons) years old.
Snap (voiced by Candi Milo) is a short blue, humanoid drawing made by Rudy, and his best friend. Created by Rudy when he was 8 years old, Snap speaks with a New York accent, and is adventurous and funny. Snap wears a superhero costume.
Penelope Victoria "Penny" Sanchez (voiced by Hynden Walch) is Rudy's Latina best friend and crush, a genius who helps him, and is the only other human besides Rudy who knows about ChalkZone. She is also in 5th grade just like Rudy. It has been revealed that she has a crush on Rudy. She is the same age as Rudy.

 Supporting 
Reginald  "Reggie" Bullnerd (voiced by Candi Milo) is the school bully. Gets stuck in a bunch of things and his full name, Reginald Brunicky Tracey Aloysius Socrates Yauney Sunshine Bullnerd, was revealed by Rudy in the episode "Teachers' Lounge". He gets into trouble all the time and even has a school record with its own file drawer.
Joseph Walter "Joe" Tabootie (voiced by Jess Harnell) is Rudy's father, who runs a meat shop. His voice resembles that of Ned Flanders from The Simpsons, but in a high-distorted pitch.
Mildred Trish "Millie" Tabootie (voiced by Miriam Flynn) is Rudy's mother, who calls Rudy down in an opera singing-esque voice.
Horace T. Wilter (voiced by Robert Cait): Horace is Rudy's cartoon-hating school teacher, despite that he once enjoyed cartoons when he was younger. Wilter is also annoyed by Rudy's love of art, telling him that it will get him nowhere in life, despite Rudy proving him wrong. He comes close to learning about ChalkZone in the episode "Secret Passages."
Veronica Sanchez (voiced by Nika Futterman) is Penny's mother, who is a doctor and scientist.
Tilly McNally (voiced by Grey DeLisle) is Rudy's aunt and Millie's sister.
Sophie McNally (voiced by Grey DeLisle) is Rudy's 2-year old cousin, Joe and Millie's niece and Tilly's only daughter.
Biclops (voiced by Rodger Bumpass) is the guardian of the Magic Chalk Mines. He was originally named "Cyclops" until Rudy gave him a second eye. He wears a Scottish attire, including a kilt around his legs. His two eyes are drawn on top of each other. He speaks in a slight Scottish accent.
Queen Rapsheeba (voiced by Rosslynn Taylor) is ChalkZone's musical artist. Snap has had a crush on her forever and Rapsheeba is very fond of him as well.
Blocky (voiced by Robert Cait and Candi Milo in his earlier appearances) is Snap's friend. He is a light green block and is claimed to be Rudy's first-ever drawing.
Skrawl (voiced by Jim Cummings) was a drawing that was messed up by a bunch of kids at a birthday party Rudy had gone to. Skrawl blames Rudy for being ugly and wants to destroy him. Besides Reggie, Skrawl is one of the villains in the show. His most recent appearances are in "The Skrawl" and "Double Trouble."
Granny in the Bathtub (voiced by Miriam Flynn) is a drawing that Rudy made, intended for humor.
Chalk Dad (voiced by Jess Harnell) is a drawing Rudy made, who resembles and sounds similar to Rudy's father and his voice also resembles that of Ned Flanders from The Simpsons, but in a high-distorted pitch.
The Craniacs (voiced by Rob Paulsen) are a series of robot drawings obsessed with collecting futuristic devices.  The current version is Craniac 4, drawn by Rudy to get rid of Craniac 3.  The Craniacs are based on Brainiac from the Superman comics.
Bruno Bullnerd (voiced by Jeff Bennett) is Reggie's father who works as a sanitation engineer.
Vinnie Raton (voiced by Rob Paulsen) is a Greaser who first appears in "Hole In the Wall" where he destroys Joe and Millie's old school they attended when they were Rudy and Penny's age. He later finds out about the truth of ChalkZone
Terry Bouffant (voiced by Grey DeLisle) Terry is the news reporter for Plansville. In the episode "Indecent Exposure" she finally discovers the truth about ChalkZone

 Production 
ChalkZone was the creation of Bill Burnett and Larry Huber, with Huber's idea of a boy with magic chalk and Burnett's idea of a world behind the chalkboard. The concept's origin dated back during the production of Hanna Barbera's What a Cartoon! where Seibert originally wanted Huber to develop a cartoon for the showcase and assigned him with Burnett, who was writing for Cow and Chicken at the time, to develop a pilot for a potential series. Development fell through at the last minute from the result of Warner Bros. Animation acquiring Hanna Barbera Cartoons. The concept came back when Seibert developed Frederator Studios and was pitched as a short on Nickelodeon's Oh Yeah! Cartoons before getting the greenlight in 1998. In 1999, ChalkZone became the first spin-off of Oh Yeah! Cartoons to enter production and be greenlit. Despite this, ChalkZone did not make it to the air until 2002, as the initial 13 green-light episodes were shortened to 6 due to executive reasons, all which were completed by 2000. The show's air-date was up for debate until the lack of new programming and America's critical situation at the time led the decision to air the series in 2002. Frederator Studios announced in 2005 that the series had been cancelled at 40 episodes.
The show is remembered for featuring one-minute music videos sung by Rudy and his friends at the end of each episode. Several songs Bill Burnett composed before ChalkZone's production, i.e. Insect Aside and Dream Alotta Dreams, were implanted into the series. A well-liked rumor about the show is that it was based on Simon in the Land of Chalk Drawings. Bill Burnett denied this in a 2013 interview, claiming that he wasn't even aware of the series' existence until after ChalkZone entered production, although Burnett did mention that Harold and the Purple Crayon was an influence on Larry's idea for the "boy with magic chalk" concept.  A one-hour special, "The Big Blow Up", premiered on August 6, 2004. The final season featured new character designs with a slimmer line quality and a zooming chalk transition as new artists and overseas studios were used for the remainder of the series.
The show had four different variations of the theme song released to the public, one from the 2001 Nickelodeon album, "The Newest Nicktoons", which used a synthesizer instead of a guitar and had an earlier version of Penny's voice which was a demo Bill Burnett created in order for the song to get the green-light, an earlier version of the final version from the album "ChalkZone: In The Zone", where the guitar was used and Penny's earlier voice was still used, and the final version which was shown on regular episodes. Another variation was shown in the 1999 pilot, which not only featured a slightly different opening sequence and logo from the final series but also features a preparatory track mix of the final version and the second demo albeit with some modified vocals, also with Penny's final voice used. Bill Burnett's original idea for the concepts' score was something in akin to simplistic children's toy instrument melodies to fit the show's children's "chalk-drawing" theme, but the Nickelodeon crew suggested a more techno rock-based score to give the show a huge contrast from the premise. Steve Rucker was brought into the music composition team and some of his compositions were later re-written upon request by Burnett and Moon to fit the series better, much to his dismay.

 Broadcast 
The pilot for the series first aired on December 31, 1999, as part of Nickelodeon's annual New Year's Eve block, but due to being delayed by Nickelodeon for executive reasons, the series made its official premiere on March 22, 2002. The 2002 premiere became the highest-rated premiere in Nickelodeon's history up to that point.The show aired in reruns on "Nick on CBS" for more than a year from February 1, 2003, to September 11, 2004. In June 2005, following the announcement that the series had been cancelled, the fourth season of the series premiered. Of the season's 11 episodes, only five would be aired that year before Nickelodeon abruptly halted the broadcast of new episodes. The remaining six episodes would not air until three years later in June and August 2008. The final episode aired on August 23, 2008.
Since the series' cancellation, reruns aired on Nicktoons until October 30, 2016. ChalkZone reruns aired on NickSplat (then known as "The Splat") for two nights only on November 12 and 13, 2016, as part of a block that ran every weekend from August until December commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Nicktoons franchise. NickSplat –including ChalkZone–  was a subscription channel based on VRV from 2018 to 2020.

 Home media 
During the show's original run, there were no DVD releases specifically for ChalkZone. The episode "Future Zone" was released on the Nickstravaganza! VHS. Three episodes ("Gift Adrift", "French Fry Falls", and "Eschucha Mi Corazon") were released for the Nickstravaganza! 2 DVD (only "French Fry Falls" was included on the VHS). The Christmas episode, "When Santas Collide", was featured on the 2006 DVD Nick Picks Holiday. A Complete Series DVD set was released through Amazon.com's CreateSpace manufacture-on-demand program on October 13, 2014; the release is missing the episode "The Smooch" due to music licensing issues. A soundtrack album In the Zone has also been released. The entire series is available on Amazon Video and the PlayStation Store, as well as available for streaming on Paramount+.

 Reception 

 Critical 
Joly Herman of Common Sense Media rated the series 3 out of 5 stars, saying, "What makes this show interesting is that it acknowledges that worlds of imagination are available to all of us. But while it's true that we love to get lost in a story, for a young child, getting as lost in a world as Rudy does can be scary." Lana Berkowitz from The Houston Chronicle wrote, "There are flashes of fun in [ChalkZone], the action moves along, and there's no violence. But cartoon connoisseurs, particularly those who stay tuned after loony SpongeBob SquarePants at 7 p.m., probably will need something more intriguing to keep their attention." Berkowitz further added, "After a clever setup, Chalkzone settles into a predictable zone with stories that could easily be erased from memory." Allison Fass of The New York Times praised the imagination and creativity in the series, but she opined that series creator Bill Burnett's message, "We have to take responsibility for what we create", may be "a little mature" for children.

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 

ChalkZone at Frederator Studios
ChalkZone at IMDb

Face cord
A face cord is an informal measurement for stacked firewood, sometimes called a rick.Width and height is typically the same as a cord (3.6 m3), but the depth can vary.  The front face is the same as a cord 4 by 8 feet (1.2 by 2.4 m), hence the name.  The depth is generally 16 inches (410 mm) (for use in residential fireplaces) but can be anything from 12 to 32 inches (300 to 810 mm).
This results in a volume of 32 to 85 cubic feet (0.91 to 2.41 m3). In the United States, several states only allow wood to be sold by the cord or fractions of a cord, to avoid confusion among consumers.The wood should be stacked "racked and well stowed" – meaning stacked so that the wood is parallel, and air gaps are minimized.  It should not be cross-stacked (alternating directions), as this adds considerable empty space to the stack.

 Common volumes for a face cord 
4 feet x 8 feet x 12 inches = 1/4 cord (32 cubic feet)
4 feet x 8 feet x 16 inches = 1/3 cord (42.66 cubic feet)
4 feet x 8 feet x 24 inches = 1/2 cord (64 cubic feet)

 References 

Bactria
Bactria (; Bactrian: βαχλο, Bakhlo), or Bactriana, was an ancient Iranian civilization in Central Asia based in the area south of the Oxus River (modern Amu Darya) and north of the mountains of the Hindu Kush, an area within the north of modern Afghanistan. Bactria was strategically located south of Sogdia and the western part of the Pamir Mountains. The extensive mountain ranges acted as protective "walls" on three sides, with the Pamir on the north and the Hindu Kush on south forming a junction with the Karakoram ranges towards the east.
Called "beautiful Bactria, crowned with flags" by the Avesta, the region is considered, in the Zoroastrian faith, to be one of the "sixteen perfect Iranian lands" that the supreme deity, Ahura Mazda, had created. One of the early centres of Zoroastrianism, and capital of the legendary Kayanian dynasty, Bactria is mentioned in the Behistun Inscription of Darius the Great as one of the satrapies of the Achaemenid Empire; it was a special satrapy, ruled by a crown prince or an intended heir. Bactria was the centre of Iranian resistance against the Macedonian invaders after the fall of the Achaemenid Empire in the 4th century BC, but eventually fell to Alexander the Great. After the death of Alexander, Bactria was annexed by his general, Seleucus I.
The Seleucids lost the region after the declaration of independence by the satrap of Bactria, Diodotus I; thus began the history of the Greco-Bactrian, and later the Indo-Greek, Kingdoms. By the second century BC, Bactria was conquered by the Parthian Empire, and, in the early first century, the Kushan Empire was formed by the Yuezhi within Bactrian territories. Shapur I, the second Sasanian King of Kings of Iran, conquered western parts of the Kushan Empire in the 3rd century, and the Kushano-Sasanian Kingdom was formed. The Sasanians lost Bactria in the 4th century, but reconquered it in the 6th century. Bactrian (natively known as ariao, 'Iranian'), an Eastern Iranian language, was the common language of Bactria and surroundings areas in ancient and early medieval times.
The Islamization of Bactria began with the Muslim conquest of Iran in the 7th century. Bactra was centre of an Iranian Renaissance in the 8th and 9th centuries, and New Persian as an independent literary language first emerged in this region. The Samanid Empire was formed in Eastern Iran by the descendants of Saman Khuda, a Persian from Bactria, beginning the spread of the Persian language in the region and the decline of the Bactrian language.

 Etymology 
The modern English name of the region is Bactria. Historically, the region was first mentioned in Avestan as Bakhdi in Old Persian. This later developed into Bāxtriš in Middle Persian and Baxl in New Persian. The modern name is derived from the Ancient Greek: Βακτριανή (Romanized Greek term: Baktrianē), which is the Hellenized version of the Bactrian endonym. Other cognates include βαχλο (Romanized: Bakhlo).   بلخ (Romanized: Balx), Chinese 大夏 (pinyin: Dàxià), Latin Bactriana. The region was mentioned in ancient Sanskrit texts as बाह्लीक or Bāhlīka.
Bactria is the geographic location Bactrian camels are named after.

 Geography 
The Bactrian plain lay between the Amu Darya (ancient Oxus River) to the north and the Hindu Kush mountain range to the south and east. On its western side, the region was bordered by the great Carmanian desert and the plain of Margiana.
The Amu Darya and smaller rivers such as (from west to east) the Shirin Tagab River, Sari Pul River, Balkh River and Kunduz River have been used for irrigation for millennia. The land was noted for its fertility and its ability to produce most ancient Greek agricultural products, with the notable exception of olives.According to Pierre Leriche:

Bactria, the territory of which Bactra was the capital, originally consisted of the area south of the Āmū Daryā with its string of agricultural oases dependent on water taken from the rivers of Balḵ (Bactra), Tashkurgan, Kondūz, Sar-e Pol, and Šīrīn Tagāō. This region played a major role in Central Asian history. At certain times the political limits of Bactria stretched far beyond the geographic frame of the Bactrian plain.

 History 

 Bronze Age 

The Bactria–Margiana Archaeological Complex (BMAC, also known as the "Oxus civilization") is the modern archaeological designation for a Bronze Age archaeological culture of Central Asia, dated to c. 2200–1700 BC, located in present-day eastern Turkmenistan, northern Afghanistan, southern Uzbekistan and western Tajikistan, centred on the upper Amu Darya (known to the ancient Greeks as the Oxus River), an area covering ancient Bactria. Its sites were discovered and named by the Soviet archaeologist Viktor Sarianidi (1976). Bactria was the Greek name for Old Persian Bāxtriš (from native *Bāxçiš) (named for its capital Bactra, modern Balkh), in what is now northern Afghanistan, and Margiana was the Greek name for the Persian satrapy of Margu, the capital of which was Merv, in today's Turkmenistan.
The early Greek historian Ctesias, c. 400 BC (followed by Diodorus Siculus), alleged that the legendary Assyrian king Ninus had defeated a Bactrian king named Oxyartes in c. 2140 BC, or some 1000 years before the Trojan War. Since the decipherment of cuneiform script in the 19th century, however, which enabled actual Assyrian records to be read, historians have ascribed little value to the Greek account.
According to some writers, Bactria was the homeland (Airyanem Vaejah) of Indo-Iranians who moved south-west into Iran and the north-west of the South Asian subcontinent around 2500–2000 BC. Later, it became the northern province of the Achaemenid Empire in Central Asia. It was in these regions, where the fertile soil of the mountainous country is surrounded by the Turan Depression, that the prophet Zoroaster was said to have been born and gained his first adherents. Avestan, the language of the oldest portions of the Zoroastrian Avesta, was one of the Old Iranian languages, and is the oldest attested member of the Eastern Iranian languages.

 Achaemenid Empire 

Ernst Herzfeld suggested that Bactria belonged to the Medes before its annexation to the Achaemenid Empire by Cyrus the Great in sixth century BC, after which it and  Margiana formed the twelfth satrapy of Persia. After Darius III had been defeated by Alexander the Great, the satrap of Bactria, Bessus, attempted to organize a national resistance but was captured by other warlords and delivered to Alexander. He was then tortured and killed.Under Persian rule, many Greeks were deported to Bactria, so that their communities and language became common in the area. During the reign of Darius I, the inhabitants of the Greek city of Barca, in Cyrenaica, were deported to Bactria for refusing to surrender assassins. In addition, Xerxes also settled the "Branchidae" in Bactria; they were the descendants of Greek priests who had once lived near Didyma (western Asia Minor) and betrayed the temple to him. Herodotus also records a Persian commander threatening to enslave daughters of the revolting Ionians and send them to Bactria. Persia subsequently conscripted Greek men from these settlements in Bactria into their military, as did Alexander later.

 Alexander The Great 
Alexander conquered Sogdiana. In the south, beyond the Oxus, he met strong resistance, but ultimately conquered the region through both military force and diplomacy, marrying Roxana, daughter of the defeated Satrap of Bactria, Oxyartes. He founded two Greek cities in Bactria, including his easternmost, Alexandria Eschate (Alexandria the Furthest).
After Alexander's death, Diodorus Siculus tells us that Philip received dominion over Bactria, but Justin names Amyntas to that role. At the Treaty of Triparadisus, both Diodorus Siculus and Arrian agree that the satrap Stasanor gained control over Bactria. Eventually, Alexander's empire was divided up among the generals in Alexander's army. Bactria became a part of the Seleucid Empire, named after its founder, Seleucus I.

 Seleucid Empire 
The Macedonians, especially Seleucus I and his son Antiochus I, established the Seleucid Empire and founded a number of Greek towns. The Greek language became dominant for some time there.
The paradox that Greek presence was more prominent in Bactria than in areas far closer to Greece can possibly be explained by past deportations of Greeks to Bactria. When Alexanders troops entered Bactria they discovered communities of Greeks who appeared to have been deported to the region by the Persians in previous centuries.

 Greco-Bactrian Kingdom 

Considerable difficulties faced by the Seleucid kings and the attacks of Pharaoh Ptolemy II Philadelphus gave the satrap of Bactria, Diodotus I, the opportunity to declare independence about 245 BC and conquer Sogdia. He was the founder of the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom. Diodotus and his successors were able to maintain themselves against the attacks of the Seleucids—particularly from Antiochus III the Great, who was ultimately defeated by the Romans (190 BC).
The Greco-Bactrians were so powerful that they were able to expand their territory as far as South Asia:

As for Bactria, a part of it lies alongside Aria towards the north, though most of it lies above Aria and to the east of it. And much of it produces everything except oil. The Greeks who caused Bactria to revolt grew so powerful on account of the fertility of the country that they became masters, not only of Bactria and beyond, but also of India, as Apollodorus of Artemita says: and more tribes were subdued by them than by Alexander...."
The Greco-Bactrians used the Greek language for administrative purposes, and the local Bactrian language was also Hellenized, as suggested by its adoption of the Greek alphabet and Greek loanwords. In turn, some of these words were also borrowed by modern Pashto.

 Indo-Greek Kingdom 

The Bactrian king Euthydemus I and his son Demetrius I crossed the Hindu Kush mountains and began the conquest of the Indus valley. For a short time, they wielded great power: a great Greek empire seemed to have arisen far in the East. But this empire was torn by internal dissension and continual usurpations. When Demetrius advanced far east of the Indus River, one of his generals, Eucratides, made himself king of Bactria, and soon in every province there arose new usurpers, who proclaimed themselves kings and fought against each other.
Most of them we know only by their coins, a great many of which are found in Afghanistan. By these wars, the dominant position of the Greeks was undermined even more quickly than would otherwise have been the case. After Demetrius and Eucratides, the kings abandoned the Attic standard of coinage and introduced a native standard, no doubt to gain support from outside the Greek minority.
In the Indus valley, this went even further. The Indo-Greek king Menander I (known as Milinda in South Asia), recognized as a great conqueror, converted to Buddhism. His successors managed to cling to power until the last known Indo-Greek ruler, a king named Strato II, who ruled in the Punjab region until around 55 BC. Other sources, however, place the end of Strato II's reign as late as 10 AD.

 Daxia, Tukhara and Tokharistan 
Daxia, Ta-Hsia, or Ta-Hia (Chinese: 大夏; pinyin: Dàxià) was the name given in antiquity by the Han Chinese to Tukhara or Tokhara: the central part of Bactria. The name "Daxia" appears in Chinese from the 3rd century BC to designate a little-known kingdom located somewhere west of China. This was possibly a consequence of the first contacts between China and the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom.
During the 2nd century BC, the Greco-Bactrians were conquered by nomadic Indo-European tribes from the north, beginning with the Sakas (160 BC). The Sakas were overthrown in turn by the Da Yuezhi ("Greater Yuezhi") during subsequent decades. The Yuezhi had conquered Bactria by the time of the visit of the Chinese envoy Zhang Qian (circa 127 BC), who had been sent by the Han emperor to investigate lands to the west of China. The first mention of these events in European literature appeared in the 1st century BC, when Strabo described how "the Asii, Pasiani, Tokhari, and Sakarauli" had taken part in the "destruction of the Greco-Bactrian kingdom". Ptolemy subsequently mentioned the central role of the Tokhari among other tribes in Bactria. As Tukhara or Tokhara it included areas that were later part of Surxondaryo Region in Uzbekistan, southern Tajikistan and northern Afghanistan. The Tokhari spoke a language known later as Bactrian – an Iranian language. (The Tokhari and their language should not be confused with the Tocharian people who lived in the Tarim Basin between the 3rd and 9th centuries AD, or the Tocharian languages that form another branch of Indo-European languages.)

The name Daxia was used in the Shiji ("Records of the Grand Historian") by Sima Qian. Based on the reports of Zhang Qian, the Shiji describe Daxia as an important urban civilization of about one million people, living in walled cities under small city kings or magistrates. Daxia was an affluent country with rich markets, trading in an incredible variety of objects, coming from as far as Southern China. By the time Zhang Qian visited, there was no longer a major king, and the Bactrians were under the suzerainty of the Yuezhi. Zhang Qian depicted a rather sophisticated but demoralised people who were afraid of war. Following these reports, the Chinese emperor Wu Di was informed of the level of sophistication of the urban civilizations of Ferghana, Bactria and Parthia, and became interested in developing commercial relationship with them: The Son of Heaven on hearing all this reasoned thus: Dayuan and the possessions of Daxia and Anxi Parthia  are large countries, full of rare things, with a population living in fixed abodes and given to occupations somewhat identical with those of the people of Han, but with weak armies, and placing great value on the rich produce of China. These contacts immediately led to the dispatch of multiple embassies from the Chinese, which helped to develop trade along the Silk Roads.
Kujula Kadphises, the xihou (prince) of the Yuezhi, united the region in the early 1st century and laid the foundations for the powerful, but short-lived, Kushan Empire. In the 3rd century AD, Tukhara was under the rule of the Kushanshas (Indo-Sasanians).

 Tokharistan 

The form Tokharistan – the suffix -stan means "place of" in Persian – appeared for the first time in the 4th century, in Buddhist texts, such as the Vibhasa-sastra. Tokhara was known in Chinese sources as Tuhuluo (吐呼羅)  which is first mentioned during the Northern Wei era. In the Tang dynasty, the name is transcribed as Tuhuoluo (土豁羅). Other Chinese names are Doushaluo 兜沙羅, Douquluo 兜佉羅 or Duhuoluo 覩貨羅. During the 5th century AD, Bactria was controlled by the Xionites and the Hephthalites, but was subsequently reconquered by the Sassanid Empire.

 Introduction of Islam 

By the mid-7th century AD, Islam under the Rashidun Caliphate had come to rule much of the Middle East and western areas of Central Asia.In 663 AD, the Umayyad Caliphate attacked the Buddhist Shahi dynasty ruling in Tokharistan. The Umayyad forces captured the area around Balkh, including the Buddhist monastery at Nava Vihara, causing the Shahis to retreat to the Kabul Valley.In the 8th century AD, a Persian from Balkh known as Saman Khuda left Zoroastrianism for Islam while living under the Umayyads. His children founded the Samanid Empire (875–999 AD). Persian became the official language and had a higher status than Bactrian, because it was the language of Muslim rulers. It eventually replaced the latter as the common language due to the preferential treatment as well as colonization.

 Bactrian people 
Several important trade routes from India and China (including the Silk Road) passed through Bactria and, as early as the Bronze Age, this had allowed the accumulation of vast amounts of wealth by the mostly nomadic population. The first proto-urban civilization in the area arose during the 2nd millennium BC.
Control of these lucrative trade routes, however, attracted foreign interest, and in the 6th century BC the Bactrians were conquered by the Persians, and in the 4th century BC by Alexander the Great. These conquests marked the end of Bactrian independence. From around 304 BC the area formed part of the Seleucid Empire, and from around 250 BC it was the centre of a Greco-Bactrian kingdom, ruled by the descendants of Greeks who had settled there following the conquest of Alexander the Great.
The Greco-Bactrians, also known in Sanskrit as Yavanas, worked in cooperation with the native Bactrian aristocracy. By the early 2nd century BC the Greco-Bactrians had created an impressive empire that stretched southwards to include north-west India. By about 135 BC, however, this kingdom had been overrun by invading Yuezhi tribes, an invasion that later brought about the rise of the powerful Kushan Empire.
Bactrians were recorded in Strabo's Geography:
"Now in early times the Sogdians and Bactrians did not differ much from the nomads in their modes of life and customs, although the Bactrians were a little more civilised; however, of these, as of the others, Onesicritus does not report their best traits, saying, for instance, that those who have become helpless because of old age or sickness are thrown out alive as prey to dogs kept expressly for this purpose, which in their native tongue are called "undertakers," and that while the land outside the walls of the metropolis of the Bactrians looks clean, yet most of the land inside the walls is full of human bones; but that Alexander broke up the custom."
The Bactrians spoke Bactrian, a north-eastern Iranian language. Bactrian became extinct, replaced by north-eastern Iranian languages such as Pashto, Yidgha, Munji, and Ishkashmi. The Encyclopaedia Iranica states:Bactrian thus occupies an intermediary position between Pashto and Yidgha-Munji on the one hand, Sogdian, Choresmian, and Parthian on the other: it is thus in its natural and rightful place in Bactria. The principal religions of the area before the Islamic invasion were Zoroastrianism and Buddhism. Contemporary Tajiks are the descendants of ancient Eastern Iranian inhabitants of Central Asia, in particular, the Sogdians and the Bactrians, and possibly other groups, with an admixture of Western Iranian Persians and non-Iranian peoples. The Encyclopædia Britannica states:The Tajiks are the direct descendants of the Iranian peoples whose continuous presence in Central Asia and northern Afghanistan is attested from the middle of the 1st millennium BC. The ancestors of the Tajiks constituted the core of the ancient population of Khwārezm (Khorezm) and Bactria, which formed part of Transoxania (Sogdiana). They were included in the empires of Persia and Alexander the Great, and they intermingled with such later invaders as the Kushāns and Hepthalites in the 1st–6th centuries AD. Over the course of time, the eastern Iranian dialect that was used by the ancient Tajiks eventually gave way to Persian, a western dialect spoken in Iran and Afghanistan.

 In popular culture 
The six-part documentary Alexander's Lost World explores the possible sites of  Bactrian cities that historians believe were founded by Alexander the Great, including Alexandria on the Oxus. The series also explores the pre-existing Oxus civilization.
The site was portrayed in the 2004 film Alexander where Darius III was found dying.

 See also 
History of Afghanistan
History of Uzbekistan
Bactria–Margiana Archaeological Complex
Bactrian camel
Bahlikas
Dalverzin Tepe
Greater Khorasan
Tillya Tepe

 Notes 

 Sources 

 External links 

Bactrian Coins
Bactrian Gold
Livius.org: Bactria Archived 2014-07-31 at the Wayback Machine
Batriane du nord—about the Termez region, an archeological site
Art of the Bronze Age: Southeastern Iran, Western Central Asia, and the Indus Valley, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Bactria

ITVX
ITVX (formerly ITV Hub) is a British ad-supported video-on-demand streaming service operated by ITV. The service offers original content from the broadcaster, as well as some exclusive and licensed programming.ITV Hub had at least 30 million registered users.

 History 

 2009–2018 
The ITV Player was originally a website before being extended to television and other platforms. Initially, the website version used Microsoft Silverlight, as opposed to Adobe Flash (used by BBC iPlayer and Channel 4's 4oD) and Windows Media Video. ITV adopted Flash for its player on 15 September 2009.In November 2009, ITV Player was given a revamp, improving navigation, as well as making the site more visually appealing. The service was free to use, and it was funded by pre-, mid-, and post-roll adverts. Previously, users have been able to use ad-blocking software to skip the adverts shown. In mid 2010, the ITV website was upgraded to detect ad-blocking software. Video is sent at multiple-bit rates and uses adaptive technology in the player to best determine the rate based on the user's connection. ITV Hub used HTML5 Media Source Extensions with Encrypted Media Extensions to deliver video.In Summer 2011, ITV Player incorporated subtitles and CITV programming. The redesigned website version was launched on 22 August 2011 with upgraded search features, and a new Flash-based video player designed improve playback reliability.In January 2012, the site was due to be overhauled to offer paid-for content in addition to the existing free 30-day catch-up, however, this was delayed until 29 October 2012.Content that has only aired on the main ITV channel (rather than also on ITV2, ITV3, ITV4, or CITV) is only available to viewers located in ITV plc regions (England, Wales, southern Scotland, the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, and on UTV in Northern Ireland). If the same programme was also broadcast in central and northern Scotland, then users located in those areas may be able to view it on the STV Player. The ITV Hub website attempts to detect user location automatically, using that provided by the ISP. On 6 June 2016, ITV Hub replaced the UTV Player service in Northern Ireland, following the latter's sale to ITV plc in February 2016.From 6 March 2018, Domino's Pizza became the platform's first ever sponsor.

 2022–present 
In March 2022, ITV announced that its new ITVX streaming platform – an integrated advertising and subscription funded platform for the UK market which will take over from catch-up service ITV Hub – would also include access to BritBox for British consumers. The BBC decided to sell their share in BritBox UK to ITV, but still will remain a content provider to the service.The service was rolled out on 17 November 2022, before it officially launched on 8 December. ITVX is positioned as a direct competitor to the BBC iPlayer and the Channel 4 VOD service, featuring more exclusive programming, the incorporation of BritBox, and a selection of FAST channels.On 28 February 2022 it was confirmed that itvx premium users would have access to Studiocanal Presents, witch lunch in the spring of that year, ITV’s Director of Content Partnerships, Streaming, Laura Franses commented: ‘We are thrilled to announce our partnership with Studiocanal Presents. This fantastic collection of films and television series is the perfect addition to ITVX Premium, where subscribers can browse quality content ad-free to their hearts’ content.’On 10 March 2023, it was confirmed that ITVX would become the new home of CITV content, with the launch of a dedicated hub called "ITVX Kids" from 22 July 2023.

 List of FAST channels 

 Current FAST channels 
FAST channels featured on the service include:

 Seasonal 

 Former FAST channels 

 Platforms and apps 

 Television platforms 

 Sony Bravia 
As of July 2017, ITV Hub was available on YouView-enabled Sony Bravia TVs.

 EE TV 
In December 2008, ITV Hub was added to BT TV's TV Replay service, the deal was ITV's first with a set-top-box VOD operator. It allows access to popular ITV1, ITV2, ITV3, and ITV4 shows up to 8 days after their transmission, as well as a selection of archive shows.

 Freesat 
A place for a full version of ITV Player has been reserved on Freesat channel 903. A beta release was made available in December 2010 for Humax receivers, requiring the input of a code. The beta was made public on 26 July 2011, with support expected to be extended beyond Humax devices. On 31 July 2012, an update was released for Manhattan receivers which included support for ITV Player. In November 2012, both EchoStar and Samsung receivers also received ITV Player support. Although the ITV Hub Player app is available to viewers around the UK on multiple platforms, it is not available to Freesat viewers using second generation Freesat receivers if their regional variation is set using postcodes starting DG or TD. It is unclear why this contradiction exists.

 Now TV & Roku 
On 29 January 2014, it was announced that ITV Player woulds be available on Sky's Now TV box. It was later made available on the NowTV and Roku devices on 11 June 2014.

 Sky 
On 30 January 2012, it was announced that ITV Player would be added to Sky's On Demand service the following day. ITV Player initially only offered archive content, with catch-up programming becoming available on 26 September.

 Samsung Smart TV and Blu-ray players 
On 6 July 2012, it was announced that ITV Player had been made available on Samsung's Smart TVs and Blu-ray players through their Samsung Smart TV service, for 2011 and later devices.As of 8 December 2022, ITVX is only available on Samsung Smart TVs 2016 and above.

 Virgin Media 
On 8 January 2009, it was announced that ITV Net Player would be added to Virgin Media's digital cable TV service. The deal allows Virgin Media's 3.5 million TV customers to view over 40 hours of programming from ITV, ITV2, ITV3, and ITV4 each week. Popular shows such as Coronation Street and Emmerdale are all available for seven days after being broadcast as part of Virgin Media's free Catch up TV service. The service began a three-day deployment programme on 24 February 2009. Virgin Media's viewers were able to choose from 500 hours of ITV comedies, documentaries, and dramas, on demand through the TV Choice section, however, the contract to supply archive content ended on 23 February 2013.

 YouView 
ITV Player was one of four services available at the launch of YouView in July 2012. At launch, the ITV Player app contained options to resume watching recent programmes and browse by channel, day, and A-to-Z, but lacked integrated search and contained non-skippable adverts. During 2013, ITV intend to introduce paid-for content into ITV Player on YouView.

 Game consoles 

 PlayStation 3 
ITV Player was released on 14 December 2010 on PlayStation 3 via the PlayStation Network utilising the web-browser to distribute content rather than an app. It was free and ad-funded with pre-, mid-, and post-roll video ads being sold and served by ITV. Under the terms of the deal with Sony, STV, UTV and Channel Television were able to add their own equivalent services so they were also accessible from the PS3 platform on a similar basis to ITV Player. As of 23 November 2015 the service is no longer available on the PS3.

 Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Xbox Series S/X 
ITV Hub was launched for Xbox One on Friday 10 February 2017, this was made possible by a new Universal Windows Platform app which integrates with Windows 10 and Xbox One. The STV Player app run by STV, who currently hold the ITV licence for Scotland, has been launched on Xbox 360. The STV Player app contains much of the content found on ITV Player and requires a Scottish postcode to be entered prior to use. ITV Hub was launched on Xbox Series S/X on 10 November 2020.

 Mobile platforms 
On 11 May 2011, ITV chief executive Adam Crozier announced that a dedicated ITV Player application would be released on a "wide range of mobiles and tablets" during 2011. The app features programming from ITV, ITV2, ITV3, and ITV4 for up to seven days after broadcast. However, content is only available to view in the UK and ITV programming is blocked in the STV and UTV regions. A Wi-Fi connection is also required. The mobile apps were developed by digital agency Candyspace. During 2013, ITV intend to introduce paid-for content into ITV Player across all mobile platforms.

 Android devices 
An application for devices running Google's Android operating system was released on 20 June 2011. The app requires Android 2.2 (Froyo) or higher and Adobe AIR. Each show is broken up to feature non-skippable advertising breaks. Users are forced to register an email address to use the app to allow ITV to "keep you informed about improvements and other exciting developments at ITV." On 14 January 2013, ITV Player 2.0 was released adding support for Android 3.x Gingerbread to 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and a re-engineered user interface.Adobe ceased support for Flash on Android in 2011, which caused ITV Player to be incompatible with devices on that operating system. A new app was trialled, but was only available on Samsung products and received poor reviews on Google Play Store. Upon the release of the app on 9 May 2013, Samsung entered into an exclusivity agreement with ITV, with the ITV Player app available exclusively on Samsung devices until 31 August. ITV's online product director, James Micklethwait, cited "fragmentation of the Android ecosystem" as the motive behind the deal.This app is currently not availble on the google play store as of Jan 2024.

 iOS devices 
An application for Apple's iOS (iOS 4.3 or later) operating system and either the iPad, iPhone (3GS or later), and iPod Touch (3rd generation or later), was launched on 1 July 2011.In June 2013, the iOS app was updated to add a trial premium section, allowing subscribers to watch catch-up content without advertising, as well as pay to view live streams of ITV3 and ITV4. Early reviews of the updated app on the App Store were generally negative, with users commenting that the subscription option provided poor value for money.As of Jan 2024, the ITVX app is available on the UK Apple App store. It is ranked #7 in entertainment apps with generally excellent reviews.

 Windows Phone 
As of May 2014, the ITV Player has been released for Windows Phone which is just like the Android and iOS versions. However, the STV Player app run by STV, who currently hold the ITV licence for Scotland, has been launched on Windows Phone. Users of the STV Player can input their postcode to verify they live in Scotland, thus allowing users who are visiting other regions of the UK, to use the app and view content. The STV Player app contains much of the content found on ITV Player. As of January 2020, the ITV Hub is not supported on Windows Phone. The UWP app can only be installed on the Xbox One and videos cannot be played through Microsoft Edge whether you're in mobile or desktop view.

 Streaming platforms 

 Amazon Prime Video 
ITV offers most of its programming as part of ITV Catch Up subscription channel on the Prime Video platform.

 See also 
STV Player
BritBox
BBC iPlayer
Channel 4
My5
List of streaming media services

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Down and Dirty (The Curse)
"Down and Dirty" is the eighth episode of the American television satire black comedy The Curse. The episode was written by series creators Nathan Fielder and Benny Safdie, from a story by Fielder, Safdie and co-executive producer Carrie Kemper, and directed by Fielder. It originally aired on streaming and on-demand for all Showtime and Paramount+ with Showtime subscribers on December 29, 2023, before making its on-air debut on Showtime on December 31, 2023. The episode was screened at the Film at Lincoln Center.The series follows Whitney and Asher Siegel, a newly married couple as they try to conceive a child while co-starring on their problematic new HGTV show, Fliplanthropy. Also joining them on their show is Dougie Schecter, a producer who is trying to make the best possible version of the show in order to reach a wider audience. In the episode, Whitney continues hanging out with Cara, while Asher goes on a night out with Dougie.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 0.025 million household viewers and gained a 0.00 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances and humor, although some were frustrated with the episode's structure.

 Plot 
Asher (Nathan Fielder) and Whitney (Emma Stone) are confronted at gunpoint by Fernando (Christopher Calderon), angry at Whitney for her failure to do anything regarding the shoplifters. Asher fails in standing up for Whitney, prompting her to mock him for his personality and failure in proving himself.
Whitney once again visits Cara (Nizhonniya Luxi Austin), who is on a date with a man named Brett (Brett Mooswa). Brett uses the opportunity to make fun of Whitney, who is unaware of his jokes. Later, Whitney and Cara attend an art gallery hosted by a military contractor. Whitney decides to use the opportunity to film a segment, embarrassing her and Cara. Desperate to prove her value to the guests, Whitney stages a fake conversation with Cara to highlight her achievements. Cara reluctantly goes forward with the idea.
After a humiliating recording where Dougie (Benny Safdie) reveals Asher's personal secrets in front of the show's film crew, Dougie decides to take Asher out for the night. They dine at a restaurant, where Asher apologizes for not being a better friend to him while Dougie continues mocking him. As they drive back, they decide to visit Abshir (Barkhad Abdi) and Nala (Hikmah Warsame), where Dougie asks Nala to "curse" him as well. When Nala refuses, Dougie breaks down and Nala cries out for her father, forcing Asher to get themselves out of the house. Later, when Abshir asks Nala why she cried out for him, she withholds the truth and says that when Dougie started crying, she thought he needed help. On the drive home from Abshir's, both Dougie and Asher accuse each other of being a bad person. When Asher goes home, Dougie "curses" him.

 Production 

 Development 
The episode was written by series creators Nathan Fielder and Benny Safdie from a story by Fielder, Safdie and Carrie Kemper, and directed by Fielder. This was Fielder's eighth writing credit, Safdie's eighth writing credit, Kemper's second writing credit, and Fielder's fifth directing credit.

 Reception 

 Viewers 
In its original American broadcast, "Down and Dirty" was seen by an estimated 0.025 million household viewers and gained a 0.00 ratings share among adults aged 18–49, according to Nielsen Media Research. This means that 0.00 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode. This was a 13% increase in viewership from the previous episode, which was watched by 0.022 million viewers with a 0.00 in the 18-49 demographics.

 Critical reviews 
"Down and Dirty" received positive reviews from critics. Manuel Betancourt of The A.V. Club gave the episode a "B" grade and wrote, "Even as she tries to create a picture-perfect version of herself, she runs up against the reality of her blind spots. It's that realization we're left with as Whitney fumes quietly in her car heading home. will she ever be able to better control her image, her marriage, and her life?"Alan Sepinwall of Rolling Stone wrote, "This all seems likely to end badly for them. Let's just hope the individual pieces fit together better than they did in this episode."Amanda Whiting of Vulture gave the episode a 4 star rating out of 5 and wrote, "Whitney is obsessed with positioning herself centerstage where everyone can see her and yet, ultimately, she's terrified to be looked at. Afraid, perhaps, that they'll perceive the cold and ugly heart she just revealed to Asher — that an eye-roll or a dagger will come out instead of a platitude." Caemeron Crain of TV Obsessive wrote, "It's a pretty clear symbol of how the Siegels relate to Native culture, both insofar as they're profaning the sacred by making a god a brand and insofar as the Wyandot are indigenous to the Northeast, not the Southwest. Also this seems worth noting on background when it comes to how Cara and Brett view them."Esther Zuckerman of The New York Times wrote, "The episode brings into focus just how transactional Asher's and Whitney's relationships are. Even their marriage is one of convenience. And we're confronted once again with just how poisonous Asher and Whitney are to the people in their presence." Fletcher Peters of The Daily Beast wrote, "This jeans situation has gotten out of hand on The Curse. Or rather, should I say, it's getting out of store, because that's where all the jeans are going. OK, bad joke. But it's better than anything Asher would've come up with. Low bar to set, but still."

 References 

 External links 
"Down and Dirty" at Showtime
"Down and Dirty" at IMDb

Jan Falandys
Jan Falandys (born 18 June 1956) is a retired light-flyweight freestyle wrestler from Poland. He won bronze medals at the world championships in 1979 and 1983 and placed fourth at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

 1979 World Championships 
Flandys competed in the 1979 World Wrestling Championships, representing Poland, and won bronze in the 48 kg category.

 1980 Summer Olympics 
Falandys competed in the freestyle wrestling competition at the 1980 Olympics, and placed 4th overall. He was eliminated from the competition after a defeat to Jang Se-hong, who would place 2nd in the competition.

 1983 World Championships 
Flandys competed in the 1983 World Wrestling Championships, representing Poland, and won bronze in the 48 kg category.

 References 

Blake Crouch
William Blake Crouch (born October 15, 1978) is an American author best known for his Wayward Pines Trilogy, which was adapted into the 2015 television series Wayward Pines.

 Early life and education 
Crouch was born near the town of Statesville, North Carolina. He attended North Iredell High School and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, graduating in 2000 with degrees in English and creative writing.

 Career 
Crouch published his first two novels, Desert Places and Locked Doors, in 2004 and 2005. His stories have appeared in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine, Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine, Thriller 2, and other anthologies. In 2016, he released the sci-fi novel Dark Matter.Crouch's Wayward Pines Trilogy (2012–14) was adapted into the 2015 television series Wayward Pines. Another work, Good Behavior, premiered as a television series in November 2016.In 2019, Crouch released another sci-fi novel, titled Recursion, to critical success.In 2020, Crouch began working on a screenplay to adapt Dark Matter into a feature film for Sony Pictures.

 Personal life 
Crouch married Rebecca Greene on June 20, 1998. They have three children together. The couple divorced in 2017. As of 2019, Crouch is dating Jacque Ben-Zekry.
In 2021, Crouch filed a court case appealing to modify his and Greene's joint agreement for medical decision-making authority for their children, to allow him to vaccinate them over Greene's religious-based objections.

 Bibliography 

 Andrew Z. Thomas / Luther Kite series 
Desert Places (2004)
Locked Doors (2005)
Break You (2011)
Stirred (with J.A. Konrath, 2011)

 Wayward Pines Trilogy 
Pines (2012)
Wayward (2013)
The Last Town (2014)

 Stand-alone novels 
Abandon (2009)
Famous (2010)
Snowbound (2010)
Run (2011)
Eerie (with Jordan Crouch) (2012)
Dark Matter (2016)
Good Behavior (2016)
Summer Frost (2019)
Recursion (2019)
Upgrade (2022)

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Blake Crouch at IMDb
Blake Crouch at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
Bookseller news article on Blake Crouch
BlogTalkRadio interview with Modern Signed Books host Rodger Nichols October 27, 2017

Monument to Alexander Matrosov
The Monument to Alexander Matrosov is a monument in Ufa.  It is located at Republic House.
Monument to Hero of the Soviet Union Alexander Matrosov was established in Ufa May 9, 1951 in the park renamed in honor of the hero. The monument is made of bronze mounted on a pedestal of pink granite. He is a figure of 2.5 meters in height, full-length in forward motion, with a gun in his hands. On the head of a soldier is a helmet and over his clothing is a cape. The inscription on the pedestal reads: "Hero of the Soviet Union Alexander Matrosov".

 References 

Wally Pipp
Walter Clement Pipp (February 17, 1893 – January 11, 1965) was an American professional baseball player. A first baseman, Pipp played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Detroit Tigers, New York Yankees, and Cincinnati Reds between 1913 and 1928.
After appearing in 12 games for the Tigers in 1913 and playing in the minor leagues in 1914, he was purchased by the Yankees before the 1915 season. They made him their starting first baseman. He and Home Run Baker led an improved Yankee lineup that led the league in home runs. He led the American League in home runs in 1916 and 1917. With Babe Ruth, Bob Meusel, Joe Dugan, and Waite Hoyt, the Yankees won three consecutive American League pennants from 1921 through 1923, and won the 1923 World Series. In 1925, he lost his starting role to Lou Gehrig, after which he finished his major league career with Cincinnati.
Although he is considered to be one of the best power hitters of the dead ball era, Pipp is now best remembered as the man who lost his starting role as the Yankees' first baseman to Gehrig on June 2, 1925, after experiencing a headache. This began Gehrig's streak of 2,130 consecutive games played, which stood as an MLB record for 56 years.

 Early life 
Walter Pipp was born on February 17, 1893, in Chicago, Illinois, to Pauline (née Stroeber) and William H. Pipp. He was raised as a Roman Catholic, and different sources describe him as being of Irish or German ancestry. He was raised in Grand Rapids, Michigan. As a child, Pipp said that he was hit in the head with a hockey puck, which resulted in headaches throughout his life.Pipp enrolled at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., where he studied architecture and played baseball for the Catholic University Cardinals.  Pipp graduated in 1913.

 Baseball career 

 Early career 
In 1912, Pipp made his debut in professional baseball with the Kalamazoo Celery Eaters of the Class D level Southern Michigan League. In 68 games played, he had a .270 batting average. The Detroit Tigers of the American League purchased his contract late in the 1912 season. Pipp attempted to hold out from the Tigers, demanding a portion of the purchase price, and threatened to return to college.After graduating from college, Pipp ended his holdout without receiving a share of the purchase price. Pipp made his major league debut with the Tigers on June 29, 1913. After playing 12 games for Detroit, batting .161, the Tigers reassigned Pipp to the Providence Grays of the Class AA International League. He committed seven errors in 14 games for Providence, and was demoted to the Scranton Miners of the Class B New York State League, where he only batted .220.In 1914, Pipp played for the Rochester Hustlers of the International League. Pipp had a .314 batting average and 27 triples. He led all batters in the league with 15 home runs, a .526 slugging percentage, and 290 total bases.

 New York Yankees 
In January 1915, Jacob Ruppert and Tillinghast L'Hommedieu Huston agreed to purchase the New York Yankees of the American League. As part of the agreement, the other team owners in the American League agreed to help the Yankees restock their system with prospects. One of the deals Ruppert and Huston negotiated was their purchase of Pipp. After Ruppert and Huston completed the purchase of the team, the other American League owners, with the exception of Frank Navin, the owner of the Tigers, broke their word. On February 4, 1915, the Tigers sold Pipp and outfielder Hugh High to the Yankees, receiving $5,000 for each player ($145,000 in current dollar terms).
The Yankees had struggled prior to Ruppert and Huston's purchase, having only one winning record in their previous eight seasons. They made Pipp their starting first baseman in time for Opening Day of the 1915 season. The Yankees added Home Run Baker in 1916, and they formed the center of the Yankees' batting order. Pipp led the American League in home runs with 12 in 1916; Baker finished second with 10. Pipp hit nine home runs in 1917, again leading the league.In 1918, Pipp hit only two home runs, but batted .304. He missed playing time under the nation's "work or fight" rule during World War I; he worked as a naval aviation cadet at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He batted .275 with seven home runs in 1919, as Babe Ruth surpassed him as the best power hitter in the American League. The Yankees moved to strengthen their team after the 1919 season, adding Ruth and fellow outfielder Bob Meusel and third baseman Joe Dugan. Between 1920 and 1924, Pipp had a .301 average, with season averages of 29 doubles, 94 runs scored, and 97 runs batted in (RBI) per season. Led by their strong lineup and additions to the pitching staff, such as Waite Hoyt, the Yankees finished in second place in 1920. Pipp became the cleanup hitter, behind Ruth in the batting order. Pipp hit .296 in 1921, and the Yankees won the American League pennant. However, they lost the 1921 World Series to the crosstown rival New York Giants of the National League.On July 26, 1922, Pipp bobbled a ball during the fifth inning of a game against the St. Louis Browns. When the Yankees returned to the dugout, Ruth criticized Pipp's fielding. Pipp attacked Ruth, and the two were separated by teammates. Though Ruth insisted they'd "settle this after the game", Ruth and Pipp led the Yankees to a victory with their hitting, and when Pipp approached Ruth after the game, ready to fight, Ruth opted against it. Pipp said this resulted in reduced tension among the Yankees, to which he attributed their improved play from that point forward. Pipp batted .329 in 1922 and the Yankees again won the American League pennant. In a rematch, the Giants again defeated the Yankees in the 1922 World Series. Meanwhile, Pipp scouted Lou Gehrig, who was playing college baseball for Columbia University, and suggested to Miller Huggins, the Yankees' manager, that he should sign Gehrig. Pipp personally helped develop Gehrig after he signed. Pipp had a strong 1923 season, but he injured his right ankle while stepping off of a train in Boston late in the year. The Yankees used Gehrig, whom they promoted from the minor leagues, to play in four games at first base replacing Pipp, before calling upon Babe Ruth to substitute at first base for the four games at the very end of the season. Though Huggins initially thought Pipp would not be able to play in the 1923 World Series, Pipp recovered sufficiently in time to play. The Yankees won the series in six games over the Giants. The Yankees finished in second place in the American League in 1924, and Pipp led the league with 114 RBIs and 19 triples.

 1925: Removal from the Yankees' starting lineup 
The Yankees began the 1925 season struggling, and Huggins began to replace players in his lineup in response. Huggins benched starting shortstop Everett Scott on May 6, replacing him with Pee Wee Wanninger. At the time, Scott had the longest streak of consecutive games played, with 1,307. The Yankees continued to struggle. The Yankees entered play on June 2 on a five-game losing streak. Their 15–26 win–loss record had them in seventh place out of the eight teams in the American League, half a game better than the last place team, and 13+1⁄2 games out of first place in the standings. Before their game against the Washington Senators, Huggins replaced Pipp in the Yankees' lineup with Gehrig, and benched second baseman Aaron Ward and catcher Wally Schang as well. Pipp was batting .244 with only three home runs and 23 RBIs, and had a .181 batting average over the previous three weeks. This was the second—not the first—game of Gehrig's then-record 2,130 consecutive games played, which lasted for 14 seasons.  The streak started the previous day, as on June 1 Gehrig entered the game as a pinch hitter, substituting for shortstop Wanninger.Although Pipp's replacement on June 2, 1925, was historic, and Gehrig had a great game by getting three hits, Gehrig would in fact go 0 for 3 in each of his next two games, before being lifted for a pinch-hitter each day. Pipp would finish both of those games defensively at first base.According to the most popular version of the story, Pipp showed up at Yankee Stadium that day with a severe headache, and asked the team's trainer for two aspirin. Miller Huggins, the Yankees' manager, noticed this, and said "Wally, take the day off. We'll try that kid Gehrig at first today and get you back in there tomorrow." Gehrig played well and became the Yankees' new starting first baseman. This story first appeared in a 1939 New York World-Telegram on Gehrig's career, in which Pipp was interviewed. Pipp was later quoted to have said, "I took the two most expensive aspirin in history."According to The Pride of the Yankees, the 1942 film about Gehrig's life, Pipp asked out of the game because he was experiencing double vision from being hit in the head two days prior. By 1953, Pipp reported to The New York Times that he was taken out of the lineup due to being hit in the head by a pitch thrown by Charlie Caldwell during batting practice. However, while Pipp was hit in the head by a pitch from Caldwell and was hospitalized, this event occurred on July 2, a month after Pipp's benching.The New York Sun reported that the benching was due to Pipp's struggles against left-handed pitchers, as southpaw George Mogridge was the scheduled starting pitcher for the Senators on June 2. Other sources suggest Yankee manager Miller Huggins may have actually benched Pipp and other veterans in order to "shake up" the slumping lineup. According to another story, supported by Gehrig's wife, Pipp was not at the game on June 2 because he was gambling on horse racing at a race track. His son Tom denied this rumor, stating that his father never bet on horses.  When interviewed by Sports Illustrated, Pipp's own children disagreed on the reason for their father's benching, believing it was either due to Pipp being beaned, or struggling. One of his sons, Thomas, believed that Pipp told Huggins to play Gehrig in his place, as he knew that Gehrig had a future with the Yankees, while he likely did not. According to a popular legend, Pipp asked to sit due to a headache. The story was confirmed by Wally's son Thomas Pipp and Bill Werber.

 Later career 
Ruth had returned to the Yankees' lineup on June 1, the day before Pipp, Ward, and Schang were benched. Despite Ruth's return and the strong play of Gehrig, who batted .295 with 20 home runs and 68 RBIs, the Yankees finished in seventh place. Pipp was hospitalized for a week after being hit in the head by Caldwell on July 2, and he played sparingly during the remainder of the season. He ended the year with a .230 average, three home runs, and 24 RBIs.
Due to the team's struggles, Huggins made personnel changes during the offseason. The Yankees attempted to trade Pipp to another American League team, but could not agree on the terms with any team. They put Pipp on waivers, and he was acquired by the Cincinnati Reds of the National League, who reportedly paid the Yankees a greater sum than the $7,500 waiver price. The Reds, who had not had a strong starting first baseman since Jake Daubert died in 1924, had attempted to acquire Bill Terry from the Giants, but refused to part with Edd Roush in the transaction, and so acquired Pipp instead. Pipp again attempted to acquire a portion of the purchase price, but was rebuffed.Pipp played 372 games for the Reds over the next three seasons. In 1926, he had a .291 batting average, and his 99 RBIs and 15 triples were both fourth-best in the National League. He batted .260 with 41 RBIs in 1927, and .283 in 1928.With first baseman George Kelly also on their roster, the Reds released Pipp before the 1929 season. Pipp signed with the Newark Bears of the International League for the season. He earned $40,000 ($680,000 in current dollar terms) that year, more than he made during his major league career. He batted .312 for Newark, and retired after the season.Pipp played 1,872 games. He had three seasons with a .300+ batting average, and two seasons with 100 or more RBI. Pipp had a .281 career batting average. He led both the American and National leagues in fielding percentage. His 226 sacrifices as a Yankee remain a team record. Pipp was the first Yankee to lead the American League in home runs. Due to his famous replacement by Gehrig, players began to say they were "Wally Pipped" when replaced in a lineup, especially if it is due to a minor injury.

 Later life 
Pipp often attended Old-Timers' Day at Yankee Stadium and Tiger Stadium, playing in 12 Old-Timers' games. He was later hired by Sports Illustrated as one of the magazine's first writers.After retiring, Pipp invested in the stock market, but lost his wealth in the Wall Street Crash of 1929. He authored a book, titled Buying Cheap and Selling Dear. He worked as a broadcaster on a pregame baseball show for the Tigers, wrote radio scripts, and worked in publishing. He organized baseball programs around his community for the National Youth Administration. He also spent time unemployed during the Great Depression. In 1940, Pipp was on the verge of bankruptcy, but he managed to pay off his debts without going bankrupt.During World War II, Pipp worked at the Willow Run manufacturing complex in Ypsilanti, building B-24 bombers. Following the war, Pipp worked for the Rockford Screw Products Corporation as a machine parts salesman, selling bolts and screws to automotive companies based in Detroit and Grand Rapids.

 Personal life 
Pipp and his wife, Nora, had four children: three sons (Walter, Tom, and Wally Jr.) and a daughter (Dorothy). Pipp's brother, the Reverend W.B. Pipp, was a Catholic priest and golfer.The Pipps moved to Lansing, Michigan, in 1949. After suffering a number of strokes, Pipp moved to a nursing home in Grand Rapids in September 1963. He died there on January 11, 1965, of a heart attack at the age of 71. He is interred in Woodlawn Cemetery in Grand Rapids.

 See also 
List of Major League Baseball career triples leaders
List of Major League Baseball annual home run leaders
List of Major League Baseball annual triples leaders

 References 

 External links 
Career statistics and player information from Baseball Reference, or Baseball Reference (Minors)
Urban legend about Wally Pipp's headache (from Snopes.com)
Wally Pipp at Find a Grave

Economy of Finland
The economy of Finland is a highly industrialised, mixed economy with a per capita output similar to that of western European economies such as France, Germany, and the United Kingdom. The largest sector of Finland's economy is its service sector, which contributes 72.7% to the country's gross domestic product (GDP); followed by manufacturing and refining at 31.4%; and concluded with the country's primary sector at 2.9%.Finland's key economic sector is manufacturing. The largest industries are electronics (21.6% - very old data), machinery, vehicles and other engineered metal products (21.1%), forest industry (13.1%), and chemicals (10.9%). Finland has timber and several mineral and freshwater resources. Forestry, paper factories, and the agricultural sector (on which taxpayers spend around 2 billion euro annually) are politically sensitive to rural residents. The Greater Helsinki area generates around a third of GDP.In a 2004 OECD comparison, high-technology manufacturing in Finland ranked second largest in the world, after Ireland. Investment was below the expected levels. The overall short-term outlook was good and GDP growth has been above many of its peers in the European Union. Finland has the 4th largest knowledge economy in Europe, behind Sweden, Denmark and the UK. The economy of Finland tops the ranking of the Global Information Technology 2014 report by the World Economic Forum for concerted output between the business sector, the scholarly production and the governmental assistance on information and communications technology.
Finland is highly integrated in the global economy, and international trade represents a third of the GDP. Trade with the European Union represents 60% of the country's total trade. The largest trade flows are with Germany, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom, the United States, the Netherlands and China. The trade policy is managed by the European Union, where Finland has traditionally been among the free trade supporters, except for agriculture. Finland is the only Nordic country to have joined the Eurozone; Denmark and Sweden have retained their traditional currencies, whereas Iceland and Norway are not members of the EU at all.

 History 
Being geographically distant from Western and Central Europe in relation to other Nordic countries, Finland struggled behind in terms of industrialization apart from the production of paper, which partially replaced the export of timber solely as a raw material towards the end of the nineteenth century. But as a relatively poor country, it was vulnerable to shocks to the economy such as the great famine of 1867–1868, which killed around 15% of the country's population. Until the 1930s, the Finnish economy was predominantly agrarian and, as late as in the 1950s, more than half the population and 40% of output were still in the primary sector.

 After World War II 
Property rights were strong. While nationalization committees were set up in France and the United Kingdom, Finland avoided nationalizations. Finnish industry recovered quickly after Second World War.  By the end of 1946, industrial output had surpassed pre-war numbers. In the immediate post-war period of 1946 to 1951, industry continued to grow rapidly. Many factors contributed to the rapid industrial growth such as war reparations which were largely paid in manufactured products, devaluation of currency in 1945 and 1949, which made dollar rise by 70% against Finnish markka and thus boosted exports to the West as well as rebuilding the country, which increased demand for industrial products. In 1951, the Korean War boosted exports. Finland practiced an active exchange rate policy and devaluation was used several times to raise the competitiveness of exporting industries.Between 1950 and 1975, Finland's industry was at the mercy of international economic trends. The fast industrial growth in 1953-1955 was followed by a period of more moderate growth which started in 1956. The causes for the deceleration of growth were the general strike of 1956, as well as weakened export trends and easing of the strict regulation of Finland's foreign trade in 1957, which compelled industry to compete against ever toughening international challengers. An economic recession brought industrial output down by 3.4% in 1958. Industry, however, recovered quickly during the international economic boom that followed the recession. One reason for this was the devaluation of the Finnish markka which increased the value of the US dollar up by 39% against the Finnish markka.International economy was stable in the 1960s. This trend can be seen in Finland as well, where steady growth of industrial output throughout the decade was recorded.After failed experiments with protectionism, Finland eased restrictions and concluded a free trade agreement with the European Community in 1973, making its markets more competitive.  Finland's industrial output declined in 1975. The decline was caused by the free trade agreement that was made between Finland and the European Community in 1973. The agreement subjected Finnish industry to ever toughening international competition and a strong contraction duly followed in Finland's exports to the West. In 1976 and 1977 growth of industrial output was almost zero, but in 1978 it swung back towards strong growth again. In 1978 and 1979 industrial output grew at above average rate. The stimuli for this were three devaluations of Finnish markka, which lowered value of the markka by a total of 19%. Impacts from the Oil Crisis on Finnish industry were also alleviated by Finland's bilateral trade with the Soviet Union.Local education markets expanded, and an increasing number of Finns also went abroad to study in the United States or Western Europe, bringing back advanced skills. There was a quite common, but pragmatic-minded, credit and investment cooperation by state and corporations, though it was considered with suspicion. Support for capitalism was widespread. On the other hand, communists (Finnish People's Democratic League) have received the most votes (23.2%) in 1958 parliamentary elections. Savings rate hovered among the world's highest, at around 8% until the 1980s. In the beginning of the 1970s, Finland's GDP per capita reached the level of Japan and the UK. Finland's economic development shared many aspects with export-led Asian countries. The official policy of neutrality enabled Finland to trade both with Western and Comecon markets. Significant bilateral trade was conducted with the Soviet Union, but this did not grow into a dependence.

 Liberalization 
Like other Nordic countries, Finland has liberalized its system of economic regulation since late 1980s. Financial and product market regulations were modified. Some state enterprises were privatized and some tax rates were altered.
In 1991, the Finnish economy fell into a severe recession. This was caused by a combination of economic overheating (largely due to a change in the banking laws in 1986 which made credit much more accessible), depressed markets with key trading partners (particularly the Swedish and Soviet markets) as well as local markets, slow growth with other trading partners, and the disappearance of the Soviet bilateral trade. Stock market and housing prices declined by 50%. The growth in the 1980s was based on debt, and when the defaults began rolling in, GDP declined by 13% and unemployment increased from a virtual full employment to one fifth of the workforce. The crisis was amplified by trade unions' initial opposition to any reforms. Politicians struggled to cut spending and the public debt doubled to around 60% of GDP. Much of the economic growth in the 1980s was based on debt financing, and the debt defaults led to a savings and loan crisis. A total of over 10 billion euros were used to bail out failing banks, which led to banking sector consolidation.
After devaluations, the depression bottomed out in 1993.

 European Union 
Finland joined the European Union in 1995. The central bank was given an inflation-targeting mandate until Finland joined the euro zone. The growth rate has since been one of the highest of OECD countries and Finland has topped many indicators of national performance.
Finland was one of the 11 countries joining the third phase of the Economic and Monetary Union of the European Union, adopting the euro as the country's currency, on 1 January 1999. The national currency markka (FIM) was withdrawn from circulation and replaced by the euro (EUR) at the beginning of 2002.

 Data 
The following table shows the main economic indicators in 1980–2017. Inflation under 2% is in green. Estimates begin after 2021.

 Agriculture 

Finland's climate and soils make growing crops a particular challenge. The country lies between 60° and 70° north latitude - as far north as Alaska - and has severe winters and relatively short growing seasons that are sometimes interrupted by frosts. However, because the Gulf Stream and the North Atlantic Drift Current moderate the climate, and because of the relatively low elevation of the land area, Finland contains half of the world's arable land north of 60° north latitude. In response to the climate, farmers have relied on quick-ripening and frost-resistant varieties of crops. Most farmland had originally been either forest or swamp, and the soil had usually required treatment with lime and years of cultivation to neutralise excess acid and to develop fertility. Irrigation was generally not necessary, but drainage systems were often needed to remove excess water.Until the late nineteenth century, Finland's isolation required that most farmers concentrate on producing grains to meet the country's basic food needs. In the fall, farmers planted rye; in the spring, southern and central farmers started oats, while northern farmers seeded barley. Farms also grew small quantities of potatoes, other root crops, and legumes. Nevertheless, the total area under cultivation was still small. Cattle grazed in the summer and consumed hay in the winter. Essentially self-sufficient, Finland engaged in very limited agricultural trade.This traditional, almost autarkic, production pattern shifted sharply during the late nineteenth century, when inexpensive imported grain from Russia and the United States competed effectively with local grain. At the same time, rising domestic and foreign demand for dairy products and the availability of low-cost imported cattle feed made dairy and meat production much more profitable. These changes in market conditions induced Finland's farmers to switch from growing staple grains to producing meat and dairy products, setting a pattern that persisted into the late 1980s.In response to the agricultural depression of the 1930s, the government encouraged domestic production by imposing tariffs on agricultural imports. This policy enjoyed some success: the total area under cultivation increased, and farm incomes fell less sharply in Finland than in most other countries. Barriers to grain imports stimulated a return to mixed farming, and by 1938 Finland's farmers were able to meet roughly 90% of the domestic demand for grain.The disruptions caused by the Winter War and the Continuation War caused further food shortages, especially when Finland ceded territory, including about one-tenth of its farmland, to the Soviet Union. The experiences of the depression and the war years persuaded the Finns to secure independent food supplies to prevent shortages in future conflicts.After the war, the first challenge was to resettle displaced farmers. Most refugee farmers were given farms that included some buildings and land that had already been in production, but some had to make do with "cold farms," that is, land not in production that usually had to be cleared or drained before crops could be sown. The government sponsored large-scale clearing and draining operations that expanded the area suitable for farming. As a result of the resettlement and land-clearing programs, the area under cultivation expanded by about 450,000 hectares, reaching about 2.4 million hectares by the early 1960s. Finland thus came to farm more land than ever before, an unusual development in a country that was simultaneously experiencing rapid industrial growth.
During this period of expansion, farmers introduced modern production practices. The widespread use of modern inputs—chemical fertilisers and insecticides, agricultural machinery, and improved seed varieties—sharply improved crop yields. Yet the modernisation process again made farm production dependent on supplies from abroad, this time on imports of petroleum and fertilisers. By 1984 domestic sources of energy covered only about 20% of farm needs, while in 1950 domestic sources had supplied 70% of them. In the aftermath of the oil price increases of the early 1970s, farmers began to return to local energy sources such as firewood. The existence of many farms that were too small to allow efficient use of tractors also limited mechanisation. Another weak point was the existence of many fields with open drainage ditches needing regular maintenance; in the mid-1980s, experts estimated that half of the cropland needed improved drainage works. At that time, about 1 million hectares had underground drainage, and agricultural authorities planned to help install such works on another million hectares. Despite these shortcomings, Finland's agriculture was efficient and productive—at least when compared with farming in other European countries.

 Forestry 
Forests play a key role in the country's economy, making it one of the world's leading wood producers and providing raw materials at competitive prices for the crucial wood processing industries. As in agriculture, the government has long played a leading role in forestry, regulating tree cutting, sponsoring technical improvements, and establishing long-term plans to ensure that the country's forests continue to supply the wood-processing industries.Finland's wet climate and rocky soils are ideal for forests. Tree stands do well throughout the country, except in some areas north of the Arctic Circle. In 1980 the forested area totaled about 19.8 million hectares, providing 4 hectares of forest per capita—far above the European average of about 0.5 hectares. The proportion of forest land varied considerably from region to region. In the central lake plateau and in the eastern and northern provinces, forests covered up to 80% of the land area, but in areas with better conditions for agriculture, especially in the southwest, forests accounted for only 50 to 60% of the territory. The main commercial tree species—pine, spruce, and birch—supplied raw material to the sawmill, pulp, and paper industries. The forests also produced sizable aspen and elder crops.The heavy winter snows and the network of waterways were used to move logs to the mills. Loggers were able to drag cut trees over the winter snow to the roads or water bodies. In the southwest, the sledding season lasted about 100 days per year; the season was even longer to the north and the east. The country's network of lakes and rivers facilitated log floating, a cheap and rapid means of transport. Each spring, crews floated the logs downstream to collection points; tugs towed log bundles down rivers and across lakes to processing centers. The waterway system covered much of the country, and by the 1980s Finland had extended roadways and railroads to areas not served by waterways, effectively opening up all of the country's forest reserves to commercial use.Forestry and farming were closely linked. During the twentieth century, government land redistribution programmes had made forest ownership widespread, allotting forestland to most farms. In the 1980s, private farmers controlled 35% of the country's forests; other persons held 27%; the government, 24%; private corporations, 9%; and municipalities and other public bodies, 5%. The forestlands owned by farmers and by other people—some 350,000 plots—were the best, producing 75 to 80% of the wood consumed by industry; the state owned much of the poorer land, especially that in the north.The ties between forestry and farming were mutually beneficial. Farmers supplemented their incomes with earnings from selling their wood, caring for forests, or logging; forestry made many otherwise marginal farms viable. At the same time, farming communities maintained roads and other infrastructure in rural areas, and they provided workers for forest operations. Indeed, without the farming communities in sparsely populated areas, it would have been much more difficult to continue intensive logging operations and reforestation in many prime forest areas.The Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry has carried out forest inventories and drawn up silvicultural plans. According to surveys, between 1945 and the late 1970s foresters had cut trees faster than the forests could regenerate them. Nevertheless, between the early 1950s and 1981, Finland was able to boost the total area of its forests by some 2.7 million hectares and to increase forest stands under 40 years of age by some 3.2 million hectares. Beginning in 1965, the country instituted plans that called for expanding forest cultivation, draining peatland and waterlogged areas, and replacing slow-growing trees with faster-growing varieties. By the mid-1980s, the Finns had drained 5.5 million hectares, fertilized 2.8 million hectares, and cultivated 3.6 million hectares. Thinning increased the share of trees that would produce suitable lumber, while improved tree varieties increased productivity by as much as 30%.Comprehensive silvicultural programmes had made it possible for the Finns simultaneously to increase forest output and to add to the amount and value of the growing stock. By the mid-1980s, Finland's forests produced nearly 70 million cubic meters of new wood each year, considerably more than was being cut. During the postwar period, the annual cut increased by about 120% to about 50 million cubic meters. Wood burning fell to one-fifth the level of the immediate postwar years, freeing up wood supplies for the wood-processing industries, which consumed between 40 million and 45 million cubic meters per year. Indeed, industry demand was so great that Finland needed to import 5 million to 6 million cubic meters of wood each year.To maintain the country's comparative advantage in forest products, Finnish authorities moved to raise lumber output toward the country's ecological limits. In 1984 the government published the Forest 2000 plan, drawn up by the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry. The plan aimed at increasing forest harvests by about 3% per year, while conserving forestland for recreation and other uses. It also called for enlarging the average size of private forest holdings, increasing the area used for forests, and extending forest cultivation and thinning. If successful, the plan would make it possible to raise wood deliveries by roughly one-third by the end of the twentieth century. Finnish officials believed that such growth was necessary if Finland was to maintain its share in world markets for wood and paper products.

 Industry 
Since the 1990s, Finnish industry, which for centuries had relied on the country's vast forests, has become increasingly dominated by electronics and services, as globalization lead to a decline of more traditional industries. Outsourcing resulted in more manufacturing being transferred abroad, with Finnish-based industry focusing to a greater extent on R&D and hi-tech electronics.

 Electronics 
The Finnish electronics and electrotechnics industry relies on heavy investment in R&D, and has been accelerated by the liberalisation of global markets. Electrical engineering started in the late 19th century with generators and electric motors built by Gottfried Strömberg, now part of the ABB. Other Finnish companies – such as Instru, Vaisala and Neles (now part of Metso) - have succeeded in areas such as industrial automation, medical and meteorological technology. Nokia was once a world leader in mobile telecommunications.

 Metals, engineering and manufacturing 
Finland has an abundance of minerals, but many large mines have closed down, and most raw materials are now imported. For this reason, companies now tend to focus on high added-value processing of metals. The exports include steel, copper, chromium, gold, zinc and nickel, and finished products such as steel roofing and cladding, welded steel pipes, copper pipe and coated sheets. Outokumpu is known for developing the flash smelting process for copper production and stainless steel.
In 2019, the country was the world's 5th largest producer of chromium, the 17th largest world producer of sulfur and the 20th largest world producer of phosphateWith regard to vehicles, the Finnish motor industry consists mostly of manufacturers of tractors (Valtra, formerly Valmet tractor), forest machines (f.ex. Ponsse), military vehicles (Sisu, Patria), trucks (Sisu Auto), buses and Valmet Automotive, a contract manufacturer, whose factory in Uusikaupunki produces Mercedes-Benz cars. Shipbuilding is an important industry: the world's largest cruise ships are built in Finland; also, the Finnish company Wärtsilä produces the world's largest diesel engines and has market share of 47%. In addition, Finland also produces train rolling stock.
The manufacturing industry is a significant employer of about 400,000 people.

 Mining 
Ahmavaara mine (Gold, copper, nickel)
Koivu mine (Titanium)
Konttijärvi mine (Gold, copper, nickel)
Mustavaara mine (Vanadium)
Portimo mine (Gold)
Sokli mine (Phosphates)
Suhanko mine (Gold, copper, nickel)

 Chemical industry 
The chemical industry is one of the Finland's largest industrial sectors with its roots in tar making in the 17th century. It produces an enormous range of products for the use of other industrial sectors, especially for forestry and agriculture. In addition, its produces plastics, chemicals, paints, oil products, pharmaceuticals, environmental products, biotech products and petrochemicals. In the beginning of this millennium, biotechnology was regarded as one of the most promising high-tech sectors in Finland. In 2006 it was still considered promising, even though it had not yet become "the new Nokia".

 Pulp and paper industry 
Forest products has been the major export industry in the past, but diversification and growth of the economy has reduced its share. In the 1970s, the pulp and paper industry accounted for half of Finnish exports. Although this share has shrank, pulp and paper is still a major industry with 52 sites across the country. Furthermore, several of large international corporations in this business are based in Finland. Stora Enso and UPM were placed No. 1 and No. 3 by output in the world, both producing more than ten million tons. M-real and Myllykoski also appear on the top 100 list.

 Energy industry 
Finland's energy supply is divided as follows: nuclear power 26%, net imports 20%, hydroelectric power 16%, combined production district heat 18%, combined production industry 13%, condensing power 6%.
One half of all the energy consumed in Finland goes to industry, one fifth to heating buildings and one fifth to transport. Lacking indigenous fossil fuel resources, Finland has been an energy importer. This might change in the future since Finland is currently building its fifth nuclear reactor, and approved building permits for its sixth and seventh ones. There are some uranium resources in Finland, but to date no commercially viable deposits have been identified for exclusive mining of uranium. However, permits have been granted to Talvivaara to produce uranium from the tailings of their nickel-cobalt mine.

 Companies 
Notable companies in Finland include Nokia, the former market leader in mobile telephony; Stora Enso, the largest paper manufacturer in the world; Neste Oil, an oil refining and marketing company; UPM-Kymmene, the third largest paper manufacturer in the world; Aker Finnyards, the manufacturer of the world's largest cruise ships (such as Royal Caribbean's Freedom of the Seas); Rovio Mobile, video game developer most notable for creating Angry Birds; KONE, a manufacturer of elevators and escalators; Wärtsilä, a producer of power plants and ship engines; and Finnair, the largest Helsinki-Vantaa based international airline. Additionally, many Nordic design firms are headquartered in Finland. These include the Fiskars owned Iittala Group, Artek a furniture design firm co-created by Alvar Aalto, and Marimekko made famous by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Finland has sophisticated financial markets comparable to the UK in efficiency. Though foreign investment is not as high as some other European countries, the largest foreign-headquartered companies included names such as ABB, Tellabs, Carlsberg and Siemens.Around 70-80% of the equity quoted on the Helsinki Stock Exchange are owned by foreign-registered entities. The larger companies get most of their revenue from abroad, and the majority of their employees work outside the country. Cross-shareholding has been abolished and there is a trend towards an Anglo-Saxon style of corporate governance. However, only around 15% of residents have invested in stock market, compared to 20% in France, and 50% in the US.Between 2000 and 2003, early stage venture capital investments relative to GDP were 8.5% against 4% in the EU and 11.5 in the US. Later stage investments fell to the EU median. Invest in Finland and other programs attempt to attract investment. In 2000 FDI from Finland to overseas was 20 billion euro and from overseas to Finland 7 billion euro. Acquisitions and mergers have internationalized business in Finland.
Although some privatization has been gradually done, there are still several state-owned companies of importance. The government keeps them as strategic assets or because they are natural monopoly. These include e.g. Neste (oil refining and marketing), VR (rail), Finnair, VTT (research) and Posti Group (mail). Depending on the strategic importance, the government may hold either 100%, 51% or less than 50% stock. Most of these have been transformed into regular limited companies, but some are quasi-governmental (liikelaitos), with debt backed by the state, as in the case of VTT.
In 2022, the sector with the highest number of companies registered in Finland is Services with 191,796 companies followed by Finance, Insurance, and Real Estate and Agriculture, Forestry, and Fishing with 159,158 and 102,452 companies respectively.

 Household income and consumption 
Finland's income is generated by the approximately 1.8 million private sector workers, who make an average 25.1 euro per hour (before the median 60% tax wedge) in 2007. According to a 2003 report, residents worked on average around 10 years for the same employer and around 5 different jobs over a lifetime. 62% worked for small and medium-sized enterprises. Female employment rate was high and gender segregation on career choices was higher than in the US. In 1999 part-time work rate was one of the smallest in OECD.Future liabilities are dominated by the pension deficit. Unlike in Sweden, where pension savers can manage their investments, in Finland employers choose a pension fund for the employee. The pension funding rate is higher than in most Western European countries, but still only a portion of it is funded and pensions exclude health insurances and other unaccounted promises. Directly held public debt has been reduced to around 32% in 2007. In 2007, the average household savings rate was -3.8 and household debt 101% of annual disposable income, a typical level in Europe.In 2008, the OECD reported that "the gap between rich and poor has widened more in Finland than in any other wealthy industrialised country over the past decade" and that "Finland is also one of the few countries where inequality of incomes has grown between the rich and the middle-class, and not only between rich and poor."In 2006, there were 2,381,500 households of average size 2.1 people. Forty% of households consisted of single person, 32% two and 28% three or more. There were 1.2 million residential buildings in Finland and the average residential space was 38 square metres per person. The average residential property (without land) cost 1,187 euro per square metre and residential land on 8.6 euro per square metre. Consumer energy prices were 8-12 euro cent per kilowatt hour. 74% of households had a car. There were 2.5 million cars and 0.4 other vehicles.
Around 92% have mobile phones and 58% Internet connection at home. The average total household consumption was 20,000 euro, out of which housing at around 5500 euro, transport at around 3000 euro, food and beverages excluding alcoholic at around 2500 euro, recreation and culture at around 2000 euro. Upper-level white-collar households (409,653) consumed an average 27,456 euro, lower-level white-collar households (394,313) 20,935 euro, and blue-collar households (471,370) 19,415 euro.

 Unemployment 
The unemployment rate was 10.3% in 2015. The employment rate is (persons aged 15–64) 66.8%. Unemployment security benefits for those seeking employment are at an average OECD level. The labor administration funds labour market training for unemployed job seekers, the training for unemployed job seeker can last up to 6 months, which is often vocational. The aim of the training is to improve the channels of finding employment.

 Gross domestic product 

 Euro Membership 
The American economist and The New York Times columnist Paul Krugman has suggested that the short term costs of euro membership to the Finnish economy outweigh the large gains caused by greater integration with the European economy. Krugman notes that Sweden, which has yet to join the single currency, had similar rates of growth compared to Finland for the period since the introduction of the euro.
Membership of the euro protects Finland from currency fluctuations, which is particularly important for small member states of the European Union like Finland that are highly integrated into the larger European economy. If Finland had retained its own currency, unpredictable exchange rates would prevent the country from selling its products at competitive prices on the European market. In fact, business leaders in Sweden, which is obliged to join the euro when its economy has converged with the eurozone, are almost universal in their support for joining the euro. Although Sweden's currency is not officially pegged to the euro like Denmark's currency the Swedish government maintains an unofficial peg. This exchange rate policy has in the short term benefited the Swedish economy in two ways; (1) much of Sweden's European trade is already denominated in euros and therefore bypasses any currency fluctuation and exchange rate losses, (2) it allows Sweden's non-euro-area exports to remain competitive by dampening any pressure from the financial markets to increase the value of the currency.
Maintaining this balance has allowed the Swedish government to borrow on the international financial markets at record low interest rates and allowed the Swedish central bank to quantitatively ease into a fundamentally sound economy. This has led Sweden's economy to prosper at the expense of less sound economies who have been impacted by the 2008 financial crisis. Sweden's economic performance has therefore been slightly better than Finland's since the financial crisis of 2008. Much of this disparity has, however, been due to the economic dominance of Nokia, Finland's largest company and Finland's only major multinational. Nokia supported and greatly benefited from the euro and the European single market, particularly from a common European digital mobile phone standard (GSM), but it failed to adapt when the market shifted to mobile computing.
One reason for the popularity of the euro in Finland is the memory of a 'great depression' which began in 1990, with Finland not regaining it competitiveness until approximately a decade later when Finland joined the single currency. Some American economists like Paul Krugman claim not to understand the benefits of a single currency and allege that poor economic performance is the result of membership of the single currency. These economists do not, however, advocate separate currencies for the states of the United States, many of which have quite disparate economies.

 Public policy 

Finnish politicians have often emulated other Nordics and the Nordic model. Nordic's have been free-trading and relatively welcoming to skilled migrants for over a century, though in Finland immigration is a relatively new phenomenon. This is due largely to Finland's less hospitable climate and the fact that the Finnish language shares roots with none of the major world languages, making it more challenging than average for most to learn. The level of protection in commodity trade has been low, except for agricultural products.As an economic environment, Finland's judiciary is efficient and effective. Finland is highly open to investment and free trade. Finland has top levels of economic freedom in many areas, although there is a heavy tax burden and inflexible job market. Finland is ranked 16th (ninth in Europe) in the 2008 Index of Economic Freedom. Recently, Finland has topped the patents per capita statistics, and overall productivity growth has been strong in areas such as electronics. While the manufacturing sector is thriving, OECD points out that the service sector would benefit substantially from policy improvements. The IMD World Competitiveness Yearbook 2007 ranked Finland 17th most competitive, next to Germany, and lowest of the Nordics. while the World Economic Forum report has ranked Finland the most competitive country. Finland is one of the most fiscally responsible EU countries.

 Product market 
Economists attribute much growth to reforms in the product markets. According to OECD, only four EU-15 countries have less regulated product markets (UK, Ireland, Denmark and Sweden) and only one has less regulated financial markets (Denmark). Nordic countries were pioneers in liberalising energy, postal, and other markets in Europe. The legal system is clear and business bureaucracy less than most countries. For instance, starting a business takes an average of 14 days, compared to the world average of 43 days and Denmark's average of 6 days. Property rights are well protected and contractual agreements are strictly honored. Finland is rated one of the least corrupted countries in Corruption Perceptions Index. Finland is rated 13th in the Ease of Doing Business Index. It indicates exceptional ease to trade across borders (5th), enforce contracts (7th), and close a business (5th), and exceptional hardship to employ workers (127th) and pay taxes (83rd).

 Job market 
According to the OECD, Finland's job market is the least flexible of the Nordic countries. Finland increased job market regulation in the 1970s to provide stability to manufacturers. In contrast, during the 1990s, Denmark liberalised its job market, Sweden moved to more decentralised contracts, whereas Finnish trade unions blocked many reforms. Many professions have legally recognized industry-wide contracts that lay down common terms of employment including seniority levels, holiday entitlements, and salary levels, usually as part of a Comprehensive Income Policy Agreement. Those who favor less centralized labor market policies consider these agreements bureaucratic, inflexible, and along with tax rates, a key contributor to unemployment and distorted prices. Centralized agreements may hinder structural change as there are fewer incentives to acquire better skills, although Finland already enjoys one of the highest skill-levels in the world.

 Taxation 

Tax is collected mainly from municipal income tax, state income tax, state value added tax, customs fees, corporate taxes and special taxes. There are also property taxes, but municipal income tax pays most of municipal expenses. Taxation is conducted by a state agency, Verohallitus, which collects income taxes from each paycheck, and then pays the difference between tax liability and taxes paid as tax rebate or collects as tax arrears afterward. Municipal income tax is a flat tax of nominally 15-20%, with deductions applied, and directly funds the municipality (a city or rural locality). The state income tax is a progressive tax; low-income individuals do not necessarily pay any. The state transfers some of its income as state support to municipalities, particularly the poorer ones.  Additionally, the state churches - Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church and Finnish Orthodox Church - are integrated to the taxation system in order to tax their members.The middle income worker's tax wedge is 46% and effective marginal tax rates are very high. Value-added tax is 24% for most items. Capital gains tax is 30-34% and corporate tax is 20%, about the EU median. Property taxes are low, but there is a transfer tax (1.6% for apartments or 4% for individual houses) for home buyers. There are high excise taxes on alcoholic beverages, tobacco, automobiles and motorcycles, motor fuels, lotteries, sweets and insurances. For instance, McKinsey estimates that a worker has to pay around 1600 euro for another's 400 euro service - restricting service supply and demand - though some taxation is avoided in the black market and self-service culture. Another study by Karlson, Johansson & Johnsson estimates that the fraction of the buyer's income entering the service vendor's wallet (inverted tax wedge) is slightly over 15%, compared to 10% in Belgium, 25% in France, 40% in Switzerland and 50% in the United States. Tax cuts have been in every post-depression government's agenda and the overall tax burden is now around 43% of GDP compared to 51.1% in Sweden, 34.7% in Germany, 33.5% in Canada, and 30.5% in Ireland.High income workers, for instance someone making 10000€/month gross, living in the city of Vantaa and using 3000€/year on commuting to work, pay 60% income tax plus 8.65% social security payments (this varies mildly depending on the age of the worker, but for someone born in 1975, it is currently in the year 2022, 8.65%). This means that 68.65% of the gross income goes to taxes and tax like payments.State and municipal politicians have struggled to cut their consumption, which is very high at 51.7% of GDP compared to 56.6% in Sweden, 46.9 in Germany, 39.3 in Canada, and 33.5% in Ireland. Much of the taxes are spent on public sector employees, which amount to 124,000 state employees and 430,000 municipal employees. That is 113 per 1000 residents (over a quarter of workforce) compared to 74 in the US, 70 in Germany, and 42 in Japan (8% of workforce). The Economist Intelligence Unit's ranking for Finland's e-readiness is high at 13th, compared to 1st for United States, 3rd for Sweden, 5th for Denmark, and 14th for Germany. Also, early and generous retirement schemes have contributed to high pension costs. Social spending such as health or education is around OECD median. Social transfers are also around OECD median. In 2001 Finland's outsourced proportion of spending was below Sweden's and above most other Western European countries. Finland's health care is more bureaucrat-managed than in most Western European countries, though many use private insurance or cash to enjoy private clinics. Some reforms toward more equal marketplace have been made in 2007–2008. In education, child nurseries, and elderly nurseries private competition is bottom-ranking compared to Sweden and most other Western countries. Some public monopolies such Alko remain, and are sometimes challenged by the European Union. The state has a programme where the number of jobs decreases by attrition: for two retirees, only one new employee is hired.

 Occupational and income structure 
Finland's export-dependent economy continuously adapted to the world market; in doing so, it changed Finnish society as well. The prolonged worldwide boom, beginning in the late 1940s and lasting until the first oil crisis in 1973, was a challenge that Finland met and from which it emerged with a highly sophisticated and diversified economy, including a new occupational structure. Some sectors kept a fairly constant share of the work force. Transportation and construction, for example, each accounted for between 7 and 8% in both 1950 and 1985, and manufacturing's share rose only from 22 to 24%. However, both the commercial and the service sectors more than doubled their share of the work force, accounting, respectively, for 21 and 28% in 1985. The greatest change was the decline of the economically active population employed in agriculture and forestry, from approximately 50% in 1950 to 10% in 1985. The exodus from farms and forests provided the labour power needed for the growth of other sectors.Studies of Finnish mobility patterns since World War II have confirmed the significance of this exodus. Sociologists have found that people with a farming background were present in other occupations to a considerably greater extent in Finland than in other West European countries. Finnish data for the early 1980s showed that 30 to 40% of those in occupations not requiring much education were the children of farmers, as were about 25% in upper-level occupations, a rate two to three times that of France and noticeably higher than that even of neighboring Sweden. Finland also differed from the other Nordic countries in that the generational transition from the rural occupations to white-collar positions was more likely to be direct, bypassing manual occupations.The most important factor determining social mobility in Finland was education. Children who attained a higher level of education than their parents were often able to rise in the hierarchy of occupations. In the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, those who are more educated, in the long-run, will move to newer centrally located buildings. A tripling or quadrupling in any one generation of the numbers receiving schooling beyond the required minimum reflected the needs of a developing economy for skilled employees. Obtaining advanced training or education was easier for some than for others, however, and the children of white-collar employees still were more likely to become white-collar employees themselves than were the children of farmers and blue-collar workers. In addition, children of white-collar professionals were more likely than not to remain in that class.The economic transformation also altered income structure. A noticeable shift was the reduction in wage differentials. The increased wealth produced by an advanced economy was distributed to wage earners via the system of broad income agreements that evolved in the postwar era. Organized sectors of the economy received wage hikes even greater than the economy's growth rate. As a result, blue-collar workers' income came, in time, to match more closely the pay of lower level white-collar employees, and the income of the upper middle class declined in relation to that of other groups.The long trend of growth in living standards paired with diminishing differences between social classes was dramatically reversed during the 1990s. For the first time in the history of Finland income differences have sharply grown. This change has been mostly driven by the growth of income from capital to the wealthiest segment of the population.

 See also 
Finnish maritime cluster
Economy of Europe
List of Finnish companies
List of banks in Finland

 References 

 External links 
Current statistics from Statistics Finland
Economic indicators from Findicator
Tariffs applied by Finland as provided by ITC's Market Access Map, an online database of customs tariffs and market requirements.
Finland Exports, Imports and Trade Balance

2010 Michigan elections
Elections were held in Michigan on Tuesday, November 2, 2010. Primary elections were held on August 3, 2010.

 Federal 

 United States House 

All 15 of Michigan's seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 2010.

 State 

 Governor and Lieutenant Governor 

Republican candidate Rick Snyder beat Democratic Party candidates Virg Bernero 58% to 40% to become Governor. Brian Calley was Snyder's running mate and was elected Lieutenant Governor.

 Secretary of State 

Republican candidate Ruth Johnson won the election with 50.7%, Democratic Party candidate Jocelyn Benson got 45.2%, Libertarian Party candidate Scotty Boman got 1.8%, U.S. Taxpayers Party candidate Robert Gale got 1.3% and Green Party candidate John A. La Pietra got 1.0%.

 Attorney General 

Republican candidate Bill Schuette won the election with 52% of the votes, while Democrat David Leyton got 43.5%. Libertarian Party candidate Daniel W. Grow got 2%, and U.S. Taxpayers Party candidate Gerald Van Sickle got 1.9%.

 State Senate 

Prior to the November 2010 election, in the Michigan Senate the Democratic Party had 16 seats and the Republican Party had 22. After the election, the Republican Party gained 4 seats, giving them 26 seats over the Democratic Party's 12.

 State House of Representatives 

Prior to the November 2010 election, the Democratic Party held 65 seats in the House and the Republican Party held 42 seats. The Democratic Party lost 18 total seats, and after this election had 47, while the Republican Party's victory brought them up to 63 seats in the House, swaying the Michigan House of Representatives' majority from the Democratic Party to the Republican Party.

 Supreme Court 
Republican Party candidate Robert P. Young, Jr. won with 27.88%, re-claiming his seat over Democratic Party candidate Denise Langford-Morris with 17.28% and Independent Bob Roddis, who claimed 5.58%.
Republican Party candidate Mary Beth Kelly won with 29.94%, taking the seat from Democratic Party candidate Alton Davis, who got 19.32%.

 General election 

 Court of Appeals 
1st District candidates Cynthia Stephens and Kurtis T. Wilder were re-elected with 56.12% and 43.88% of the vote. 
2nd District candidate Pat Donofrio was re-elected with 100% of the vote. 
3rd District candidates	Joel P. Hoekstra, David H. Sawyer and Douglas Shapiro were re-elected with 52.32%, 47.68% and 100% of the vote.
4th District candidates	Donald S. Owens and William C. Whitbeck were re-elected with 51.90% and 48.10% of the vote.
All candidates ran uncontested.

 Ballot measures 
2010 Michigan Proposal 1 was an automatic ballot referral in the state of Michigan which was voted on in the 2010 Michigan elections. It was intended to call for a constitutional convention to review and edit the state constitution. It was voted on on November 2, 2010 and failed
The Michigan Felon Politician Ban Amendment, Proposal 2 was approved, banning felons from running for any political or public office, while the Michigan Constitutional Convention, Proposal 1 was defeated, meaning that the Michigan State Constitution will not be re-written.

 Local 
Many elections for county and city offices were also held on November 2, 2010.

 External links 
Elections in Michigan by the Michigan Department of State
Michigan Candidate List at Imagine Election - Search for candidates by address or zip code
Michigan Congressional Races in 2010 for campaign finance data for federal races from OpenSecrets
Michigan State Races in 2010 campaign finance data for state races from Follow the Money

Daniel Scott (writer)
Daniel Scott (born November 17, 1963) is an American novelist and short story writer best known for his discussions of marginalized characters of American society. He has also been cited as an "almost post-gay" writer in that he sometimes employs gay characters whose sexuality is not necessarily a driving force of the story.  Scott has been the recipient of awards from various organizations including the Christopher Isherwood Foundation, the New York Foundation for the Arts and the MacDowell Colony.  Born November 17, 1963, in Milton, Massachusetts, he currently lives in New York City.

 Books 
His first book, Some of Us Have to Get Up in the Morning, a collection of short stories, was published in 2001. His second book, Pay This Amount, another collection, was published in 2008. His third is a novel titled Valedictory that was released in 2015. Scott's work has also been anthologized, most recently in Best Gay Stories 2016.

 Bibliography 
Some of Us Have to Get Up in the Morning ISBN 1-885586-21-3
Pay This Amount ISBN 0-9674922-1-1
Valedictory ISBN 978-0-9915622-9-9

 References 

 External links 
Official webpage [1]

Ed Colligan
Edward "Ed" Colligan (born March 4, 1961) is a former president and CEO of Palm, Inc. which was acquired by Hewlett-Packard in 2010. Colligan now is a small business investor, serves on a number of boards, and advises start-up companies.Colligan was president and COO of Handspring prior to the Palm/Handspring merger in 2003. Before Handspring, he led the marketing campaign at Palm, Inc. that launched the Palm family of PDAs and smartphones. Earlier in his career, he served as vice president of strategic and product marketing for Radius Corporation. 
He graduated in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Oregon.In March 2022, Colligan joined the renewable energy asset management company Low Carbon as Head of Americas. Colligan and his wife/partner Bobbi Burns are co-founders of Central Coast Angels (CCA), an angel group providing early-stage financing to innovative companies located in the California Central Coast region. Colligan's eldest brother John "Bud" Colligan was a co-founder, CEO, and chairman of Macromedia.

 References 

Ridgewood High School (Illinois)
Ridgewood High School, or RHS, is a public four-year high school located in Norridge, Illinois, an enclave suburb surrounded by Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It is part of Ridgewood Community High School District 234.
The school serves portions of Norridge, Harwood Heights and unincorporated Norwood Park Township.

 Athletics 
Ridgewood competes in the Metro Suburban Conference and Illinois High School Association. Its mascot is the Rebel. Ridgewood has the following teams.

Men's Football
Men's Soccer
Men's Baseball
Men's Basketball
Men's Wrestling
Men's Volleyball
Women's Volleyball
Women's Softball
Women's Soccer
Women's Basketball
Women's Tennis
Track & Field
Cross Country
Cheerleading
Pom Poms

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Monument to Felix Dzerzhinsky, Ufa
The Monument to Felix Dzerzhinsky is a sculpture of Felix Dzerzhinsky, the first chairman of the Cheka,  in Dzerzhinsky Park in the city of Ufa in Bashkortostan, Russia.

 History 
The statue was erected in Ufa in 1987 near the building of the Bashkir KGB (now - the building of the Prosecutor's Office of the Republic of Bashkortostan) in the park behind the "Rodina" cinema. The sculptor of the monument was the Leningrad artist Albert Seraphimovich Charkin. The sculpture was cast at the Leningrad plant "Monumentskulptura". Simultaneously with the installation of the monument, a row of poplars were planted behind it.
The popular name of the monument is "With his back to the Motherland" because the monument is behind the "Rodina" ("Motherland") cinema and is turned away from it.

 See also 
Monument to Felix Dzerzhinsky, Moscow

 References 

Hillside Avenue buses
The Q1, Q36, and Q43 bus routes constitute a public transit line in Queens, New York City. The routes run primarily along Hillside Avenue from the Jamaica, Queens commercial and transportation hub towards several eastern Queens neighborhoods on the city border with Nassau County. Originally operated by the North Shore Bus Company until 1947, all three routes are now operated by MTA Regional Bus Operations under the New York City Transit brand.

 Route description and service 
The Q1, Q36, and Q43 are the primary bus services along Hillside Avenue, sharing the corridor between Merrick Boulevard (near the 165th Street Bus Terminal) and 212th Street. Several other routes provide service along the corridor east of the bus terminal before diverging north or south to other streets. During rush hours, the Q36 and Q43 provide limited-stop service in the peak direction (towards Jamaica mornings; towards eastern Queens afternoons). At these times, there is no Q36 or Q43 local service; local service is provided by the Q1 and other routes. The corridor also parallels the short eastern portion of the New York City Subway's IND Queens Boulevard Line along Hillside Avenue, and transfers to the F and <F> train are available at Parsons Boulevard, 169th Street, and Jamaica–179th Street.

 Q1 
The Q1 begins at Bays 1 and 2 of the 165th Street Bus Terminal. It runs north along Merrick Boulevard to Hillside Avenue, then proceeds east along Hillside Avenue. At adjacent intersections with Springfield Boulevard and Braddock Avenue, the Q1 splits into two branches. One runs south along Springfield to Jamaica Avenue at the Queens Village Long Island Rail Road station. This terminal is shared with the Q88; continued service south along Springfield requires transfer to the Q27. The second branch runs south along Braddock Avenue, terminating at 243rd Street and the Cross Island Parkway in Bellerose. Immediately south and east, Braddock Avenue merges into Jamaica Avenue/Jericho Turnpike along the border with the Nassau County village of Bellerose. During late night hours, the Q1 serves both Springfield Boulevard and Braddock Avenue as a single clockwise loop, running south along Braddock, west along Jamaica Avenue, then north along Springfield back towards Jamaica. In total, it is about 6.6 miles (10.6 km) long.

 Q36 

The Q36 begins at Bay 6 of the 165th Street Bus Terminal. It runs east along Hillside Avenue to 212th Street/212th Place, turns south, then follows Jamaica Avenue (later continuous with Jericho Turnpike) east along the Queens-Nassau county border. Most Q36 buses terminate at 257th Street in Floral Park just past Little Neck Parkway, the southeastern corner of Queens. On weekdays, some Q36 buses turn north onto Little Neck Parkway and run nearly the entire length of the street, terminating at the LIRR's Little Neck station at the northern end of Queens. Prior to June 2010, this was the separate Q79 route, which shared its southern terminus with the Q36's eastern terminus.Q36 Limited buses make all stops east of 212th Place, and run local along the entire Little Neck Parkway corridor. On weekdays, Little Neck service begins during the AM rush period, with every fourth or fifth limited bus running to or from Little Neck in the peak direction during rush hours. Off-peak weekday service, including all midday service, alternates between Floral Park and Little Neck. Early morning, late night, and weekend service operates only to Floral Park.

 Q43 
The Q43 runs along nearly the entire length of Hillside Avenue. It begins at Archer Avenue and Sutphin Boulevard, at the Sutphin Boulevard–Archer Avenue–JFK Airport subway station and the Jamaica terminal for the Long Island Rail Road and AirTrain JFK. The bus route travels north along Sutphin Boulevard, then east along Hillside Avenue to 268th Street in Floral Park, Queens, at the border with North New Hyde Park in Nassau County. Q43 Limited buses make all stops between Springfield Boulevard and 268th Street.

 Other local bus service 
Between Merrick Boulevard and Francis Lewis Boulevard, five additional Queens bus routes (Q2, Q3, Q17, Q76 and Q77) provide service along Hillside Avenue. All these routes begin at the 165th Street Bus Terminal, except the Q17 which terminates two blocks south at Archer Avenue. At 188th Street, the Q17 turns north towards Fresh Meadows and Flushing. The Q2 and Q3 meanwhile turn south, running towards Belmont Park and John F. Kennedy International Airport respectively. At Francis Lewis Boulevard, the Q76 turns north along Francis Lewis towards Bayside, Whitestone, and College Point. The Q77 turns south along Francis Lewis towards Springfield Gardens. The Q17 also provides limited-stop service along its short segment of the corridor.

 Express bus service 
Express service along the corridor is provided by the X68, which makes stops along the corridor between Main Street and 268th Street in the peak direction. The X68 runs to and from Midtown Manhattan.

 Nassau Inter-County Express service 

There are several bus routes operated by Nassau Inter-County Express that also run along the Hillside Avenue corridor. Within New York City limits, NICE bus routes only drop off passengers in the westbound direction (toward Jamaica) and pick up passengers in the eastbound direction (toward Nassau County). The entirety of Hillside Avenue is served by the n22 and n26. East of city limits, the n22 continues east to Mineola, Roosevelt Field, and Hicksville, while the n26 travels north to Great Neck. In addition, the n6 and n24 and rush-hour n1 service runs on Hillside Avenue between Jamaica and Francis Lewis Boulevard. All three routes turn south at Francis Lewis Boulevard, then east on Jamaica Avenue. The n1 travels south to Hewlett; the n6 travels east to Hempstead Transit Center in Hempstead, New York, via Hempstead Turnpike; and the n24 travels east to Roosevelt Field via Jericho Turnpike.

 History 

 Early history 
Service on the Q1, which was originally operated by Hillside Transportation Company, first operated in 1914. Service on this route began between Guilford Street station and Hollis via Hillside Avenue. The Q1 was later operated by Nevin-Queens Bus Corporation until February 17, 1935,: 589  when its operations were transferred to the North Shore Bus Company. North Shore operated the Q1 until November 1936. Z&M Coach Company then operated the route until June 30, 1939, upon which the North Shore Bus Company operated the Q1 again.Service on the Q36 bus began in April 1926, being operated by Schenck Transportation. The Q36 was also operated by North Shore Bus Company at some point in the 1930s, though it is unclear if Z&M Coach also operated the route. Service on the Q43 began on May 24, 1935; it was also operated by Schenck Transportation.

 World War II 
On May 12, 1941, the North Shore Bus Company modified several of its bus routes in Downtown Jamaica at the request of the New York City Police Department to reduce traffic congestion between 166th Street and 170th Street, and at the 169th Street subway station. As part of the changes, the Q43 began running overnight, and the western terminals of the Q1 and Q43 were swapped. The Q1 was truncated from the Long Island Rail Road's Jamaica station to the 165th Street Bus Terminal, while the Q43 was extended from the bus terminal to Jamaica station. This change was strongly opposed by Q43 riders as buses that left the Jamaica LIRR station at Archer Avenue and Parsons Boulevard were regularly filled to capacity by the time they arrived at the 169th Street station on Hillside Avenue several blocks north. Before the change, the buses had been nearly empty before reaching the station. In the following days, service was gradually increased by 25%, from 62 to 77 buses, but this was insufficient to accommodate all of the ridership.As a result of wartime shortage during World War II, North Shore was directed to reduce its rush-hour milage by 20%. On May 29, 1943, the company cut 67 rush hour trips on its Jamaica routes, reduced frequencies during other times, and entirely discontinued some routes. As part of the changes, the Queens Village branch of the Q1 was made to operate during rush hours only. Service on the Bellerose branch was decreased from 24 to 20 trips during morning rush hours, from 24 to 17 during evening rush hours, and from 6 to 3 during other times. On the Q43, morning rush hour service was cut from 16 to 11 buses, and evening rush hour service was cut from 12 to 10 buses. Q36 service was largely unchanged during middays, reduced by four buses in the morning, and reduced by one bus in the evening.The decline in North Shore's service prompted an investigation by the Long Island Star-Journal, a local publication. In 1946, following the end of the war, North Shore ordered 50 additional buses for all of its routes, though only ten had been delivered by February 1947.

 City operation 
On March 30, 1947, North Shore Bus was taken over by the Board of Transportation (later the New York City Transit Authority), making the bus routes city operated. The city immediately added 120 new vehicles to ten bus routes, including the Hillside bus routes. Under municipal operations, service on the Q43 was increased on April 3 of that year.On June 28, 1954, express service on the Q43 began, with expresses leaving the City Line between 7 a.m. and 8:12 a.m. and leaving from the 179th Street subway station between 5:30 p.m. and 6:28 p.m. at 8-minute intervals. These buses ran in the peak direction and were expected to save 2 to 3 minutes.Express bus service began along the corridor on August 2, 1971, as the Q18X, as the first New York City Transit express service between Queens and Manhattan. The route was renumbered the X18 in 1976, before being renumbered to its current designation, the X68, on April 15, 1990.In January 1993, peak-direction limited-stop service replaced peak-direction local service on the Q43. These buses began to make limited stops between 179th Street and Springfield Boulevard. The suggestion for this service originated from the Bellerose Commonwealth Civic Association in 1991. On April 7, 2008, limited-stop service on the Q36 was introduced, saving up to 5 minutes per trip. Q36 buses began to make limited stops between the 179th Street subway station and 212th Street, where that bus diverges from Hillside Avenue.On January 7, 2013, alternate weekday Q36 buses started running along Little Neck Parkway, instead of running to the route's normal terminal at 257th Street and Jamaica Avenue, using the alignment of the former Q79 route that had been eliminated on June 27, 2010. This change was made as part of the MTA's Service Enhancement Plan, which was released in July 2012, and was intended to restore network coverage. The extension also gave the Little Neck Parkway corridor a one-seat ride to the subway at the Jamaica–179th Street station on Hillside Avenue. Q36 buses to the LIRR station in Little Neck were scheduled every 30 minutes, as opposed to connecting with every LIRR train due to the LIRR's erratic schedule, as well as to ensure reliability along the bus route.: 61 

 Bus redesign 
In December 2019, the MTA released a draft redesign of the Queens bus network. As part of the redesign, the Hillside Avenue buses would have contained one high-density "intra-borough" route, the QT18. There would have been several "subway connector" routes with nonstop sections on Hillside Avenue. These included the QT34 to Manhasset; the QT36 to Lake Success; the QT38 to Queens Village; and the QT39 to Cambria Heights. The redesign was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City in 2020, and the original draft plan was dropped due to negative feedback.A revised plan was released in March 2022. As part of the new plan, the Q1 would become a "limited-stop" route and extended west and south to Sutphin Boulevard, replacing the Q6 to John F. Kennedy International Airport. The Q43 would become a "zone" route with nonstop sections on Hillside Avenue. The Q36 would be eliminated and replaced with a "zone" route, the Q45, which would run on Hillside Avenue and Little Neck Parkway. In addition, a new Q82 route from 165th Street to UBS Arena would replace the Q36 along 211th Street and Hollis Court Boulevard, and a new Q57 route from the Rockaway Boulevard station to Little Neck Parkway would replace the Q36 along Jamaica Avenue.A final bus-redesign plan was released in December 2023. The Q1 would still become a limited route, and its Springfield Boulevard branch would still be eliminated, but the western part of the route would be extended only to Sutphin Boulevard and Archer Avenue, rather than down to JFK Airport.: 70–71  The Q36 would become a zone route and would maintain its existing routing to Little Neck Parkway, eliminating service to Floral Park, as well as weekend and overnight service. In Queens Village, the Q36 would use Springfield Boulevard, rather than 212th Street and 212th Place; the latter streets would be used by a new Q82 route to UBS Arena.: 202–203  The Q43 would become a zone route and would retain the same routing, although frequencies would be reduced.: 231 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

 Media related to Q1 (New York City bus) at Wikimedia Commons
 Media related to Q36 (New York City bus) at Wikimedia Commons
 Media related to Q43 (New York City bus) at Wikimedia Commons

Jewish lobby
The Jewish lobby are individuals and groups predominantly in the Jewish diaspora that advocate for the interests of Jews and Jewish values. The lobby references the involvement and influence of Jews in politics and the political process, and includes organized groups such as the American Jewish Committee, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, B'nai B'rith, and the Anti-Defamation League. While there is overlap in membership between the Jewish lobby and the Israel lobby, the two terms are not interchangeable, as the Jewish lobby is defined by its ethnic makeup, while the Israel lobby is defined by its political agenda.  
In antisemitic contexts the term is used pejoratively to allege disproportionate Jewish influence in politics and government, a mutation of the old antisemitic canard of "international Jewish conspiracy".
The term "Jewish lobby" is often conflated with the term "Israel lobby", but some commentators argue against this.

 Description 
Tivnan writes that a "full-fledged 'Jewish lobby'" was developed in 1943, in which the moderates represented by Stephen Samuel Wise and the American Jewish Committee were defeated by supporters of Abba Hillel Silver and "the maximalist goal of a 'Jewish Commonwealth'" at the American Jewish and Biltmore Conferences.  Silver became the new leader of American Zionism, with his call for "loud diplomacy", and he then "cranked up the Zionist Organization of America's one-man lobbying operation in Washington—renaming it the American Zionist Emergency Council (AZEC)—and began to mobilize American Jewry into a mass movement."In the 1992 Dictionary of Politics, political scientist Walter John Raymond describes the term "Jewish Lobby" as:
"A conglomeration of approximately thirty-four Jewish political organizations in the United States which make joint and separate efforts to lobby for their interests in the United States, as well as for the interests of the State of Israel."Raymond listed the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), the American Jewish Committee, and B'nai B'rith among the component members of the Jewish lobby.Dominique Vidal, writing in Le Monde diplomatique, states that in the United States the term is "self-described" and it "is only one of many influence groups that have official standing with institutions and authorities."Journalist J.J. Goldberg, editor-in-chief of The Forward, described the Jewish lobby in 2004 as than organizations such as AIPAC, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL), the American Jewish Committee, and Hadassah, adding the influence of high levels of Jewish voter turnout and political fundraising In his book Jewish Power, Goldberg writes that in the United States the "Jewish lobby" for decades played a leadership role in formulating American policy on issues such as civil rights, separation of church and state, and immigration, guided by a liberalism that was a complex mixture of Jewish tradition, the experience of persecution, and self-interest. It was thrust into prominence following the Nixon Administration's sharp shift of American policy towards significant military and foreign aid support for Israel following the 1973 Yom Kippur War.University of Chicago professor John Mearsheimer and Harvard University professor Stephen Walt wrote in 2006 that "even the Israeli media refer to America's 'Jewish Lobby'", and stated the following year that "AIPAC and the Conference of Presidents and the Israeli media themselves refer to America's 'Jewish Lobby'."Former New York Times journalist Youssef Ibrahim writes: "That there is a Jewish lobby in America concerned with the well-being of Israel is a silly question. It is insane to ask whether the 6 million American Jews should be concerned about the 6 million Israeli Jews, particularly in view of the massacre of another 6 million Jews in the Holocaust. It's elementary, my dear Watson: Any people who do not care for their own are not worthy of concern. And what the Israel lobby does is what all ethnic lobbies — Greek, Armenian, Latvian, Irish, Cuban, and others — do in this democracy."

 Comparison with "Israel lobby" 
Commentators argue that "Jewish lobby" should not be used interchangeably with the term "pro-Israel lobby". Academic Dov Waxman notes that due to the large number of evangelical Christian Zionists involved in pro-Israel activities, the term "pro-Israel lobby" should be used when referring to organizations that try to influence American policy toward Israel in a certain direction. In addition, Waxman notes that the pro-Israel lobby is defined by its political agenda, rather than its ethnic or religious makeup, as the pro-Israel lobby does not necessarily reflect the views of American Jews. Historian Douglas Little notes that although American Jews play key roles in the pro-Israel lobby, it is not a "Jewish lobby" due to the involvement diverse populations and groups.Mitchell Bard, director of the non-profit Jewish Virtual Library, writes that: "Reference is often made to the 'Jewish lobby' in an effort to describe Jewish influence, but this term is both vague and inadequate. While it is true that American Jews are sometimes represented by lobbyists, such direct efforts to influence policy-makers are but a small part of the lobby's ability to shape policy." Bard argues the term Israel lobby is more accurate, because it comprises both formal and informal elements (which includes public opinion), and "...because a large proportion of the lobby is made up of non-Jews." In his 1987 work, The Lobby: Jewish Political Power and American Foreign Policy, Edward Tivnan states that the term "needed some fine-tuning; what was most at issue... was the influence of the 'pro-Israel lobby.'"University of Chicago professor John Mearsheimer and Harvard University professor Stephen Walt, authors of the controversial 2007 book The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy rejected using the label "Jewish lobby" interchangeably for the Israel lobby as inaccurate and misleading, both because the Israel lobby included non-Jews like Christian Zionists and because they said many Jewish Americans do not support the hard-line policies favored by the Israel lobby's "most powerful elements". They stated they "never use the term 'Jewish lobby' because the lobby is defined by its political agenda, not by religion or ethnicity." Walt added in Foreign Policy that using the "Jewish lobby" to talk about pro-Israel groups "is both inaccurate and inevitably conjures up dangerous stereotypes".

 Antisemitic associations 
The term is may be used pejoratively to allege disproportionate Jewish influence in politics and government and such usage is an element of antisemitism. Scholar Robert S. Wistrich noted in 2004 that calls for the destruction of Israel increasingly relied on antisemitic stereotyping of classic canards, including the "manipulative Jewish lobby". Wistrich saw references to the phrase, when used to describe an "all-powerful 'Jewish Lobby' that prevents justice in the Middle East", as relying on a classic antisemitic stereotype.Bruno Bettelheim detested the term, arguing "The self-importance of Jews combined with the paranoia of the anti-Semite had created the image of this lobby."  Michael Lasky describes the term as an "unfortunate phrase", and "imagines" that Alexander Walker's use of it while writing about the Nazi films of Leni Riefenstahl was not intended pejoratively.The B'nai B'rith Anti-Defamation Commission of Australia states that "the stereotype of the 'Jewish lobby' is that the Jewish engagement in politics and policy debate is above and beyond the ordinary participation of a group in public policy-making. It paints Jewish involvement as surreptitious, and as subverting the democratic process. It alleges that a 'Jewish lobby', through bribery, bullying and manipulation, pressures politicians to act against their will and duties." The commission also stated that "just as other communities and interest groups have lobbies, there is a 'Jewish lobby' – an unwieldy group of individuals and organisations devoted to supporting the needs and interests of the Jewish community.Michael Visontay, editor of Australia's The Sydney Morning Herald, wrote in 2003 that "The way the phrase 'Jewish lobby' has been bandied about in numerous letters implies there is something inherently sinister in lobbying when Jews do it." According to Geoffrey Brahm Levey and Philip Mendes, the term is used in Australia as a pejorative description of the way in which the Jewish community influences the Liberal Party "by talking to its leaders and making them aware of Jewish wishes and views".Dominique Schnapper, Chantal Bordes-Benayoun and Freddy Raphaėl write that following the 1991 Gulf War, the term "began to be heard in political life" in France. Vidal writes that the term has been used there exclusively by the French far right as "a phrase that combines standard anti-semitic fantasies about Jewish finance, media control and power; the term is the contemporary equivalent of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion". Loyola University Chicago professor Wiley Feinstein wrote in 2003 that "there is much talk of the 'Jewish lobby' in the Italian Press and in Europe", describing the term as "a phrase[] of scorn for Jews and Judaism".William Safire wrote that in the United Kingdom "Jewish lobby" was used as an "even more pejorative" term for "the 'Israel lobby'". He added that supporters of Israel gauge the degree of perceived animus towards Israel by the term chosen to refer to the pro-Israel lobby: "pro-Israel lobby" being used by those with the mildest opposition, followed by "Israel lobby", with the term "Jewish lobby" being employed by those with the most virulent anti-Israel opinions.Susan Jacobs of Manchester Metropolitan University writes that the phrase "Jewish lobby", when used "without mentioning other 'lobbies' or differentiating Jews who have different political positions on a number of questions, including Israel and Palestine", is a contemporary form of the fear of a Jewish conspiracy.

 Contemporary use 
Academic Gilbert Achcar, writing in the Journal of Palestine Studies, notes that modern Holocaust denial in the Western world rests on the trope that the Jewish genocide was a fraud promoted by an "international Jewish lobby". Achcar notes the prevalence in the Arab world that an "omnipotent Jewish lobby," rather than the Israel lobby, dictates Western policies toward the Middle East.After South African activist, Christian cleric, and Nobel Peace Prize winner Desmond Tutu used it in a 1985 speech at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, a supporter wrote him privately urging him to avoid the phrase, stating it was "language... normally associated with the less than philo-Semitic elements of our acquaintance". Tutu used the phrase again in a 2002 editorial in The Guardian, stating "People are scared in this country [the US], to say wrong is wrong because the Jewish lobby is powerful – very powerful. Well, so what? For goodness sake, this is God's world!" When he edited and reprinted parts of his speech in 2005, Tutu replaced the words "Jewish lobby" with "pro-Israeli lobby". In 2007, an invitation to Tutu to speak at the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota was rescinded because of the speech; writing in Mother Jones, Justin Elliot stated "Tutu's use of the phrase 'Jewish lobby' is regrettable, mainly because the pro-Israel lobby he is referring to is not made up exclusively of Jews, example Texas preacher John Hagee's Christians United for Israel. But one minor slip five years ago is hardly grounds for blacklisting him."Chris Davies, MEP for the northwest of England was forced to resign in 2006 as leader of the Liberal Democrats group in the European Parliament after writing to a constituent "I shall denounce the influence of the Jewish lobby that seems to have far too great a say over the political decision-making process in many countries." In comments to TotallyJewish.Com he "confessed he didn't know the difference between referring to the 'pro Israel lobby' and the 'Jewish lobby'," and added "I'm quite prepared to accept that I don't understand the semantics of some of these things." Commenting on Davies' use of the term, David Hirsh of The Guardian wrote that Davies "had to resign because his laudable instinct to side with the underdog was not tempered by care, thought or self-education."  He compared Davies' rhetoric with the "care to avoid openly antisemitic rhetoric taken by sophisticates like Mearsheimer and Walt and Robert Fisk."A 2007 editorial in The New York Sun accused Richard Dawkins, a British evolutionary biologist and writer, of repeating antisemitic conspiracy theories after he used the term in an interview published in The Guardian. In the interview Dawkins said: "When you think about how fantastically successful the Jewish lobby has been, though, in fact, they are less numerous I am told – religious Jews anyway – than atheists and [yet they] more or less monopolise American foreign policy as far as many people can see. So if atheists could achieve a small fraction of that influence, the world would be a better place." In a National Review column discussing the influence of "high-profile atheists" on the American left, Arthur C. Brooks wrote that Dawkins' claim was "anti-Semitic, slanders religion, and asserts victimhood." David Cesarani, commenting in The Guardian, stated that "Mearsheimer and Walt would doubtless chide Dawkins for using the term 'Jewish lobby', which they studiously avoid in order to give no truck to anti-Jewish innuendo."After her appointment in 2022 as the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the occupied Palestinian territories, Francesca Albanese expressed regret about 2014 comments saying that the United States was "subjugated by the Jewish lobby" with regard to America's policy toward the Israel-Palestine conflict. Miloon Kothari, member of a UN Commission of Inquiry investigating abuses in Israel and Palestine, apologized in 2022 after blaming the "Jewish lobby" for criticism of the UN inquiry.

 See also 
Diaspora politics in the United States
Ethnic interest groups in the United States
Israel lobby in the United Kingdom
Israel lobby in the United States

 References 

 Further reading 
Rafael Medoff, Jewish Americans and political participation: a reference handbook Chapter 4, The Jewish Lobby
Alan J. Ward, Immigrant Minority "Diplomacy": American Jews and Russia, 1901 – 1912, 1964, British Association for American Studies
Hasia R. Diner, The Jews of the United States, 1654 to 2000, (2004), University of California Press

Mō Maria
"Mō Maria" (English: "For Mary") is a Christian hymn written by Jean-Baptiste Pompallier in 1842. After Pompallier had landed in New Zealand in January 1838, he sought to build a relationship with the Maori people of New Zealand. Bishop Pompallier wrote a hymn in Māori. "Mō Maria" continues to be sung throughout New Zealand in many Catholic churches.

 History 

 Text 
The original text of the hymn was written by Bishop Pompallier after he landed in New Zealand. Wanting Māori to join the Catholic Church, he wrote a hymn in Māori honouring Mary so that it could be understood and sung among the Māori people and their tribes."Mō Maria" originally contained 14 verses. However, they are not always sung. 

 Tune 
It is unknown whether the tune of "Mō Maria" was composed by Bishop Pompallier or if it was adapted from an existing Māori tune.

 Lyrics 
These are four verses along with their English translation.

 References 

Villa
A villa is a type of house that was originally an ancient Roman upper class country house. Since its origins in the Roman villa, the idea and function of a villa have evolved considerably.  After the fall of the Roman Republic, villas became small farming compounds, which were increasingly fortified in Late Antiquity, sometimes transferred to the Church for reuse as a monastery. Then they gradually re-evolved through the Middle Ages into elegant upper-class country homes.  In the early modern period, any comfortable detached house with a garden near a city or town was likely to be described as a villa; most survivals have now been engulfed by suburbia.  In modern parlance, "villa" can refer to various types and sizes of residences, ranging from the suburban semi-detached double villa to, in some countries, especially around the Mediterranean, residences of above average size in the countryside.

 Roman 

Roman villas included:

the villa urbana, a suburban or country seat that could easily be reached from Rome or another city for a night or two
the villa rustica, the farm-house estate that was permanently occupied by the servants who had charge generally of the estate, which would centre on the villa itself, perhaps only seasonally occupied. The Roman villae rusticae at the heart of latifundia were the earliest versions of what later and elsewhere became called manors and plantations.
the otium villa, for rural retirement or pleasureIn terms of design, there was often little difference in the main residence between these types at any particular level of size, but the presence or absence of farm outbuildings reflected the size and function of the estate.
Not included as villae were the domus, city houses for the élite and privileged classes, and the insulae, blocks of apartment buildings for the rest of the population. In Satyricon (1st century CE), Petronius described the wide range of Roman dwellings. Another type of villae is the "villa maritima", a seaside villa, located on the coast.

A concentration of Imperial villas existed on the Gulf of Naples, on the Isle of Capri, at Monte Circeo and at Antium. Examples include the Villa of the Papyri in Herculaneum; and the Villa of the Mysteries and Villa of the Vettii in Pompeii.
There was an important villa maritima in Barcola near Trieste. This villa was located directly on the coast and was divided into terraces in a representation area in which luxury and power was displayed, a separate living area, a garden, some facilities open to the sea and a thermal bath. Not far from this noble place, which was already popular with the Romans because of its favorable microclimate, one of the most important Villa Maritima of its time, the Miramare Castle, was built in the 19th century.Wealthy Romans also escaped the summer heat in the hills round Rome, especially around Tibur (Tivoli and Frascati), such as at Hadrian's Villa. Cicero allegedly possessed no fewer than seven villas, the oldest of which was near Arpinum, which he inherited. Pliny the Younger had three or four, of which the example near Laurentium is the best known from his descriptions.
Roman writers refer with satisfaction to the self-sufficiency of their latifundium villas, where they drank their own wine and pressed their own oil. This was an affectation of urban aristocrats playing at being old-fashioned virtuous Roman farmers, it has been said that the economic independence of later rural villas was a symptom of the increasing economic fragmentation of the Roman Empire.

 In Roman Britannia 
Archaeologists have meticulously examined numerous Roman villas in England. Like their Italian counterparts, they were complete working agrarian societies of fields and vineyards, perhaps even tileworks or quarries, ranged round a high-status power centre with its baths and gardens. The grand villa at Woodchester preserved its mosaic floors when the Anglo-Saxon parish church was built (not by chance) upon its site. Grave-diggers preparing for burials in the churchyard as late as the 18th century had to punch through the intact mosaic floors. The even more palatial villa rustica at Fishbourne near Winchester was built (uncharacteristically) as a large open rectangle, with porticos enclosing gardens entered through a portico. Towards the end of the 3rd century, Roman towns in Britain ceased to expand: like patricians near the centre of the empire, Roman Britons withdrew from the cities to their villas, which entered on a palatial building phase, a "golden age" of villa life. Villae rusticae are essential in the Empire's economy.

Two kinds of villa-plan in Roman Britain may be characteristic of Roman villas in general. The more usual plan extended wings of rooms all opening onto a linking portico, which might be extended at right angles, even to enclose a courtyard. The other kind featured an aisled central hall like a basilica, suggesting the villa owner's magisterial role. The villa buildings were often independent structures linked by their enclosed courtyards. Timber-framed construction, carefully fitted with mortises and tenons and dowelled together, set on stone footings, were the rule, replaced by stone buildings for the important ceremonial rooms. Traces of window glass have been found, as well as ironwork window grilles.

 Monastery villas of Late Antiquity 
With the decline and collapse of the Western Roman Empire in the fourth and fifth centuries, the villas were more and more isolated and came to be protected by walls. In England the villas were abandoned, looted, and burned by Anglo-Saxon invaders in the fifth century, but the concept of an isolated, self-sufficient agrarian working community, housed close together, survived into Anglo-Saxon culture as the vill, with its inhabitants – if formally bound to the land – as villeins.
In regions on the Continent, aristocrats and territorial magnates donated large working villas and overgrown abandoned ones to individual monks; these might become the nuclei of monasteries. In this way, the Italian villa system of late Antiquity survived into the early Medieval period in the form of monasteries that withstood the disruptions of the Gothic War (535–554) and the Lombards. About 529 Benedict of Nursia established his influential monastery of Monte Cassino in the ruins of a villa at Subiaco that had belonged to Nero.
From the sixth to the eighth century, Gallo-Roman villas in the Merovingian royal fisc were repeatedly donated as sites for monasteries under royal patronage in Gaul – Saint-Maur-des-Fossés and Fleury Abbey provide examples. In Germany a famous example is Echternach; as late as 698, Willibrord established an abbey at a Roman villa of Echternach near Trier, presented to him by Irmina, daughter of Dagobert II, king of the Franks. Kintzheim was Villa Regis, the "villa of the king". Around 590, Saint Eligius was born in a highly placed Gallo-Roman family at the 'villa' of Chaptelat near Limoges, in Aquitaine (now France). The abbey at Stavelot was founded ca 650 on the domain of a former villa near Liège and the abbey of Vézelay had a similar founding.

 Post-Roman era 
In post-Roman times a villa referred to a self-sufficient, usually fortified Italian or Gallo-Roman farmstead. It was economically as self-sufficient as a village and its inhabitants, who might be legally tied to it as serfs were villeins. The Merovingian Franks inherited the concept, followed by the Carolingian French but the later French term was basti or bastide.
Villa/Vila (or its cognates) is part of many Spanish and Portuguese placenames, like Vila Real and Villadiego: a villa/vila is a town with a charter (fuero or foral) of lesser importance than a ciudad/cidade ("city"). When it is associated with a personal name, villa was probably used in the original sense of a country estate rather than a chartered town. Later evolution has made the Hispanic distinction between villas and ciudades a purely honorific one. Madrid is the Villa y Corte, the villa considered to be separate from the formerly mobile royal court, but the much smaller Ciudad Real was declared ciudad by the Spanish crown.

 Italian Renaissance 

 Tuscany 

In 14th and 15th century Italy, a villa once more connoted a country house, like the first Medici villas, the Villa del Trebbio and that at Cafaggiolo, both strong fortified houses built in the 14th century in the Mugello region near Florence. In 1450, Giovanni de' Medici commenced on a hillside the Villa Medici in Fiesole, Tuscany, probably the first villa created under the instructions of Leon Battista Alberti, who theorized the features of the new idea of villa in his De re aedificatoria.

These first examples of Renaissance villa predate the age of Lorenzo de' Medici, who added the Villa di Poggio a Caiano by Giuliano da Sangallo, begun in 1470, in Poggio a Caiano, Province of Prato, Tuscany.
From Tuscany the idea of villa was spread again through Renaissance Italy and Europe.

 Tuscan villa gardens 

The Quattrocento villa gardens were treated as a fundamental and aesthetic link between a residential building and the outdoors, with views over a humanized agricultural landscape, at that time the only desirable aspect of nature.  Later villas and gardens include the Palazzo Pitti and Boboli Gardens in Florence, and the Villa di Pratolino in Vaglia.

 Rome 
Rome had more than its share of villas with easy reach of the small sixteenth-century city: the progenitor, the first villa suburbana built since Antiquity, was the Belvedere or palazzetto, designed by Antonio del Pollaiuolo and built on the slope above the Vatican Palace.

The Villa Madama, the design of which, attributed to Raphael and carried out by Giulio Romano in 1520, was one of the most influential private houses ever built; elements derived from Villa Madama appeared in villas through the 19th century. Villa Albani was built near the Porta Salaria. Other are the Villa Borghese; the Villa Doria Pamphili (1650); the Villa Giulia of Pope Julius III (1550), designed by Vignola.  The Roman villas Villa Ludovisi and Villa Montalto, were destroyed during the late nineteenth century in the wake of the real estate bubble that took place in Rome after the seat of government of a united Italy was established at Rome.
The cool hills of Frascati gained the Villa Aldobrandini (1592); the Villa Falconieri and the Villa Mondragone.  The Villa d'Este near Tivoli is famous for the water play in its terraced gardens. The Villa Medici was on the edge of Rome, on the Pincian Hill, when it was built in 1540.  Besides these designed for seasonal pleasure, usually located within easy distance of a city, other Italian villas were remade from a rocca or castello, as the family seat of power, such as Villa Caprarola for the Farnese.
Near Siena in Tuscany, the Villa Cetinale was built by Cardinal Flavio Chigi. He employed Carlo Fontana, pupil of Gian Lorenzo Bernini to transform the villa and dramatic gardens in a Roman Baroque style by 1680. The Villa Lante garden is one of the most sublime creations of the Italian villa in the landscape, completed in the 17th century.

 Venice 

In the later 16th century in the northeastern Italian Peninsula the Palladian villas of the Veneto, designed by Andrea Palladio (1508–1580), were built in Vicenza in the Republic of Venice. Palladio always designed his villas with reference to their setting. He often unified all the farm buildings into the architecture of his extended villas.
Examples are the Villa Emo, the Villa Godi, the Villa Forni Cerato, the Villa Capra "La Rotonda", and Villa Foscari.
The Villas are grouped into an association (Associazione Ville Venete) and offer touristic itineraries and accommodation possibilities.

 Villas elsewhere 

 17th century 
Soon after in Greenwich England, following his 1613–1615 Grand Tour, Inigo Jones designed and built the Queen's House between 1615 and 1617 in an early Palladian architecture style adaptation in another country. The Palladian villa style renewed its influence in different countries and eras and remained influential for over four hundred years, with the Neo-Palladian a part of the late 17th century and on Renaissance Revival architecture period.

 18th and 19th centuries 
In the early 18th century the English took up the term, and applied it to compact houses in the country, especially those accessible from London: Chiswick House is an example of such a "party villa". Thanks to the revival of interest in Palladio and Inigo Jones, soon Neo-Palladian villas dotted the valley of the River Thames and English countryside. Marble Hill House in England was conceived originally as a "villa" in the 18th-century sense.In many ways the late 18th century Monticello, by Thomas Jefferson in Virginia, United States is a Palladian Revival villa. Other examples of the period and style are Hammond-Harwood House in Annapolis, Maryland; and many pre-American Civil War or antebellum plantations, such as Westover Plantation and many other James River plantations as well dozens of Antebellum era plantations in the rest of the Old South functioned as the Roman Latifundium villas had.  A later revival, in the Gilded Age and early 20th century, produced The Breakers in Newport, Rhode Island, Filoli in Woodside, California, and Dumbarton Oaks in Georgetown, Washington, D.C.; by architects-landscape architects such as Richard Morris Hunt, Willis Polk, and Beatrix Farrand.
In the nineteenth century, the term villa was extended to describe any large suburban house that was free-standing in a landscaped plot of ground. By the time 'semi-detached villas' were being erected at the turn of the twentieth century, the term collapsed under its extension and overuse.

The second half of the nineteenth century saw the creation of large "Villenkolonien" in the German speaking countries, wealthy residential areas that were completely made up of large mansion houses and often built to an artfully created masterplan. Also many large mansions for the wealthy German industrialists were built, such as Villa Hügel in Essen. The Villenkolonie of Lichterfelde West in Berlin was conceived after an extended trip by the architect through the South of England.
Representative historicist mansions in Germany include the Heiligendamm and other resort architecture mansions at the Baltic Sea, Rose Island and King's House on Schachen in the Bavarian Alps, Villa Dessauer in Bamberg, Villa Wahnfried in Bayreuth, Drachenburg near Bonn, Hammerschmidt Villa in Bonn, the Liebermann Villa and Britz House in Berlin, Albrechtsberg, Eckberg, Villa Stockhausen and Villa San Remo in Dresden, Villa Waldberta in Feldafing, Villa Kennedy in Frankfurt, Jenisch House and Budge-Palais in Hamburg, Villa Andreae and Villa Rothschild in Königstein, Villa Stuck and Pacelli-Palais in Munich, Schloss Klink at Lake Müritz, Villa Ludwigshöhe in Rhineland-Palatinate, Villa Haux in Stuttgart and Weinberg House in Waren.
In France the Château de Ferrières is an example of the Italian Neo-Renaissance style villa – and in Britain the Mentmore Towers. A representative building of this style in Germany is Villa Haas (designed by Ludwig Hofmann) in Hesse.
Villa Hakasalmi in Helsinki (built in 1834–46) represents Empire-era villa architecture. It was the home of Aurora Karamzin (1808–1902) at the end of the 19th century and is now the city museum of Helsinki, Finland.

 20th – 21st centuries 

 Europe 

During the 19th and 20th century, the term "villa" became widespread for detached mansions in Europe. Special forms are for instance spa villas (Kurvillen in German) and seaside villas (Bädervillen in German), that became especially popular at the end of the 19th century. The tradition established back then continued throughout the 20th century and even until today.
Another trend was the erection of rather minimalist mansions in the Bauhaus style since the 1920s, that also continues until today.
In Denmark, Norway and Sweden "villa" denotes most forms of single-family detached homes, regardless of size and standard.

 Americas 
The villa concept lived and lives on in the haciendas of Latin America and the estancias of Brazil and Argentina. The oldest are original Portuguese and Spanish Colonial architecture; followed after independences in the Americas from Spain and Portugal, by the Spanish Colonial Revival style with regional variations. In the 20th century International Style villas were designed by Roberto Burle Marx, Oscar Niemeyer, Luis Barragán, and other architects developing a unique Euro-Latin synthesized aesthetic.
Villas are particularly well represented in California and the West Coast of the United States, where they were originally commissioned by well travelled "upper-class" patrons moving on from the Queen Anne style Victorian architecture and Beaux-Arts architecture. Communities such as Montecito, Pasadena, Bel Air, Beverly Hills, and San Marino in Southern California, and Atherton and Piedmont in the San Francisco Bay Area are a few examples of villa density.
The popularity of Mediterranean Revival architecture in its various iterations over the last century has been consistently used in that region and in Florida. Just a few of the notable early architects were Wallace Neff, Addison Mizner, Stanford White, and George Washington Smith. A few examples are the Harold Lloyd Estate in Beverly Hills, California, Medici scale Hearst Castle on the Central Coast of California, and Villa Montalvo in the Santa Cruz Mountains of Saratoga, California, Villa Vizcaya in Coconut Grove, Miami, American Craftsman versions are the Gamble House and the villas by Greene and Greene in Pasadena, California

 Modern villas 
Modern architecture has produced some important examples of buildings known as villas:

Villa Noailles by Robert Mallet-Stevens in Hyères, France
Villa Savoye by Le Corbusier in Poissy, France
Villa Mairea by Alvar Aalto in Noormarkku, Finland
Villa Tugendhat by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe in Brno, Czech Republic
Villa Lewaro by Vertner Tandy in Irvington, New YorkCountry-villa examples:

Hollyhock House (1919) by Frank Lloyd Wright in Hollywood
Gropius House by Walter Gropius (1937) in Lincoln, Massachusetts
Fallingwater by Frank Lloyd Wright (1939) in Pennsylvania, U.S.
Farnsworth House by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe in Plano, Illinois
Kaufmann Desert House by Richard Neutra (1946) in Palm Springs, California
Auldbrass Plantation by Frank Lloyd Wright (1940–1951) in Beaufort County, South Carolina
Palácio da Alvorada by Oscar Niemeyer (1958) in Brasília, Brazil
Getty Villa, in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles

 Other 
Today, the term "villa" is often applied to vacation rental properties. In the United Kingdom the term is used for high quality detached homes in warm destinations, particularly Florida and the Mediterranean.  The term is also used in Pakistan, and in some of the Caribbean islands such as Jamaica, Saint Barthélemy, Saint Martin, Guadeloupe, British Virgin Islands, and others. It is similar for the coastal resort areas of Baja California Sur and mainland Mexico, and for hospitality industry destination resort "luxury bungalows" in various locations worldwide.
In Indonesia, the term "villa" is applied to Dutch colonial country houses (landhuis). Nowadays, the term is more popularly applied to vacation rental usually located in countryside area.
In Australia, "villas" or "villa units" are terms used to describe a type of townhouse complex which contains, possibly smaller attached or detached houses of up to 3–4 bedrooms that were built since the early 1980s.
In New Zealand, "villa" refers almost exclusively to Victorian and Edwardian wooden weatherboard houses mainly built between 1880 and 1914, characterised by high ceilings (often 3.7 m or 12 ft), sash windows, and a long entrance hall.In South Korea, the term "villa" refers to small multi-household house with 4 floors or less.In Cambodia, "villa" is used as a loanword in the local language of Khmer, and is generally used to describe any type of detached townhouse that features yard space. The term doesn't apply to any particular architectural style or size, the only features that distinguish a Khmer villa from another building are the yard space and being fully detached. The terms "twin-villa" and "mini-villa" have been coined meaning semi-detached and smaller versions respectively. Generally, these would be more luxurious and spacious houses than the more common row houses. The yard space would also typically feature some form of garden, trees or greenery. Generally, these would be properties in major cities, where there is more wealth and hence more luxurious houses.

 See also 

 Notes 

József Simoncsics
József Simoncsics (1908–1992) was a Hungarian art director.  He designed the film sets for a number of Hungarian productions during the 1930s and 1940s while based at the Hunnia Studios in Budapest.

 Selected filmography 
Istvan Bors (1939)
Hello, Peter! (1939)
Deadly Spring (1939)
Money Is Coming (1939)
Cadet Love (1939)
The Last of the Vereczkeys (1940)
You Are the Song (1940)
At the Crossroads (1942)
Katyi (1942)
Kádár Versus Kerekes (1942)
Borrowed Husbands (1942)
Lóránd Fráter (1942)
Happy Times (1943)
Machita (1944)
African Bride (1944)
Muki (1944)
Eva Szovathy (1944)

 References 

 Bibliography 
Mitchell, Charles P. The Great Composers Portrayed on Film, 1913 through 2002. McFarland, 2004.
Rîpeanu, Bujor. (ed.) International Directory of Cinematographers, Set- and Costume Designers in Film: Hungary (from the beginnings to 1988). Saur, 1981.

 External links 
József Simoncsics at IMDb

Marek Konwa
Marek Konwa (born 11 March 1990 in Zielona Góra) is a Polish cyclo cross and cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 16th place. He was on the start list for the 2018 Cross-country European Championship and he finished in 21st place.

 Major results 

 Cyclo-cross 

 Mountain bike 

 Road 
2014
10th Overall Tour of Małopolska

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Marek Konwa at UCI
Marek Konwa at Cycling Archives
Marek Konwa at ProCyclingStats
Marek Konwa at MTB Data
Marek Konwa at Olympedia
Marek Konwa at the Polish Olympic Committee (archived) (in Polish)

Full-size Ford
Full-size Ford is a term adopted for a long-running line of Ford vehicles with a shared model lineage in North America.  Originating in 1908 with the Ford Model T, the line ended in 2019 with the Ford Taurus, as Ford withdrew from the full-sized sedan segment in North America.  Across 111 years, 15 generations, and over 60 million examples of the model line were produced across over 50 model nameplates.  By contrast, the longest-running single nameplate worldwide is the Chevrolet Suburban, in use since the 1935 model year.
While best known for its production as a four-door sedan, the model lineage supported a wide range of body configurations, including coupes, hard tops, convertibles, station wagons, and retractable hardtops.  Prior to the 1948 model year, the Ford chassis was also the basis of Ford pickup trucks (which were replaced by the Ford F-Series).  To different extents, Mercury and Lincoln shared either a body and/or chassis with full-sized Fords from the 1940s to the 2010s.
Alongside with its status as the physically largest sedan offered by Ford in North America, nearly the entire line shared a common design lineage, including a rear-wheel drive layout and body-on-frame construction (excepting the final Ford Taurus), a V8 engine was offered for nearly all generations.  At the time of its 2012 model-year discontinuation, the Ford Crown Victoria was the final mass-produced sedan offered with a separate frame.

 Etymology 
During the first half of the 20th century, American automobiles were typically identified by manufacturer and model year (such as a 1952 Ford).  At the time, each manufacturer offered nearly the same range of body styles for each of their vehicle brands (e.g., Ford, Mercury, and Lincoln).  To augment their brand lineups, automakers began to market their vehicle lines in multiple nameplates, distinguished by exterior and interior trim.
The term "full-size" came into use in the early 1960s, following the introduction of compact and intermediate sedans by American automakers (with Ford releasing the Ford Falcon, Ford Fairlane, and the later Ford Mustang).  While not a size term relative to its predecessors, full-size indicated the largest and most complete sedan offered by Ford (at 134 inches long, the Model T was 6 inches shorter than the introductory 1976 Ford Fiesta).

 Design commonality 
Following the production of the Model T nearly unchanged from 1908 to 1927, the introduction of the Model A marked the first of multiple generations of a common model lineage, keeping pace with contemporary technology and consumer tastes.  With the introduction of its V8 engine, the 1932 Ford Model B/Model 18 became the first widely produced car line with the engine type.  From the 1932 to 2012 model years,  Ford offered a V8 in its full-sized cars (making it standard equipment from 1935 to 1940 and from 1973 to 2012).
Originating from the Model T, each generation of the model line shared a common chassis construction layout. Body-on-frame construction (various designs) was combined with a front-engine, rear-wheel drive powertrain and a live rear axle; the design is similar to many light trucks sold in North America.  The sole exception is the Ford Taurus (which entered production as the 2005 Ford Five Hundred), which introduced unibody construction, four-wheel independent suspension, and front-wheel drive (optional all-wheel drive); for the first time since 1931, no V8 engine was offered.  Similar in several dimensions in comparison to its Crown Victoria market predecessor, the Five Hundred/Taurus was larger the market flagships produced by Ford of Europe (Ford Scorpio) and Ford Australia (Ford Fairlane/LTD).

 Production figures 
Following the downsizing of the Ford LTD to the Panther platform for the 1979 model year, Ford produced over 5 million vehicles under the LTD, LTD Crown Victoria, Country Squire, Crown Victoria, Crown Victoria P71, and Crown Victoria Police Interceptor nameplates.

 Police usage 
Following the 1932 introduction of the Ford V8, police forces of North America shifted preferences for police cars; the powerful V8 engine paired in a mass-market vehicle led police forces to end their usage of premium-brand (and higher-price) vehicles.   Along with comparable sedans from AMC, Chrysler, and General Motors, the model line saw heavy use by police forces that desired robust body-on-frame construction, rear-wheel drive traction, and V8 engine power.  In 1950, Ford introduced its first specialized option package for police cars; the package added heavy-duty components and an engine from the Mercury sedan.
Following the 1996 demise of the General Motors B platform (AMC ended production of large rear-wheel drive sedans in 1978, with Chrysler following suit in 1981), Ford held a virtual monopoly on police vehicles sold in North America into the 2010s.  For 1992, the Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor became a distinct model line (not offered to the general public).  The heavy-duty chassis of the model line proved popular among police forces during the 1990s, following the development of the PIT maneuver.
While the Ford Five Hundred was never offered as a police vehicle, the Ford Police Interceptor Sedan was introduced for 2013 (developed from the Taurus; the Police Interceptor Utility was developed from the Ford Explorer).  Though the first Ford police car produced without rear-wheel drive or a V8 engine, the Police Interceptor Sedan was offered with two V6 engines (both more powerful than the previous V8); an optional twin-turbocharged V6 was shared with the Taurus SHO.

 First generation (1908–1927) 

In September 1908, the lineage of the full-sized Ford began as the Model T entered production.  The successor to the Model N and Model S, the Model T would become the first Ford to use mass-production techniques.  Produced in over 14 body styles, over 15 million were produced in 19 years of production.  Although its predecessors introduced the front-engine, rear-wheel drive configuration to the company, the Model T was the first Ford produced in left-hand drive.
Throughout its production run, the Model T had relatively few changes.  In addition to changes to refine its production (which dictated its specification of black paint), technological upgrades were made along the way. Ford added electric lights (in 1910), electric starting (1919), balloon tires (1925), and wire wheels (1926).
As the Model T aged in comparison to its competition, the market share held by Ford began to erode by the mid-1920s.  At the end of 1927, the Model A was introduced as its replacement.

 Second generation (1927–1931) 

Introduced in December 1927, the Model A borrowed its name from the first car produced by the company in 1903.  As with the Model T, the Model A used a front-engine, rear-wheel drive layout with body-on-frame construction; an all-new four-cylinder engine was introduced. As before, the Model A was produced in a wide variety of body styles; in contrast to its predecessor, the car's bodywork was designed by an in-house styling predecessor headed by Edsel Ford.  Produced from 1927 to 1931, around 4.8 million were produced.
As the Model A was the first all-new design in 19 years, many features were upgraded.  The Model A introduced Ford buyers to conventional driver controls; it now had pedals for the brakes, throttle, and clutch, as well as a separate gearshift.  Safety glass made their automotive industry debut when Ford used it for the windshield.

 Third generation (1932–1934) 

For the 1932 model year, Ford introduced a revised version of the Model A.  The Model B was introduced with a modernized powertrain and chassis and slightly restyled bodywork.  Only five years removed from the last Model T, the Model B introduced Ford and the entire automotive industry to yearly changes for model styling.  In 1933, the exterior was redesigned, while the 1934 wore a new front end of its own; all three versions rode on the same basic chassis.
For 1932, Ford introduced an option that would remain in the full-sized Ford line for seven decades.  Developed as a response to the 1929 introduction of the Chevrolet "Stovebolt Six", the Model 18 offered a 65-hp flathead V8 engine for a $10 price premium over the standard Model B.  Demand for the V8 was so strong that Ford struggled to keep up.  After 1934, the four-cylinder engine was discontinued; the next four-cylinder Ford in North America was the Pinto in 1971.

 Fourth generation (1935–1936) 

For the 1935 model year, the Ford lineup was powered exclusively by a V8 engine.  Styling changes introduced the first integrated trunks on sedan models and suspension changes increased interior room.  In 1936, further updates included the introduction of solid wheels and the integration of the horn into the bodywork.

 Fifth generation (1937–1940) 

For 1937, Ford updated its car lineup with minor styling changes.  However, the introduction of the De Luxe Ford marked the beginning of expansion of the Ford Motor Company brand lineup.  De Luxe Ford was marketed as an upscale sub-brand to bridge the gap between Ford and Lincoln-Zephyr.  In 1939, the Mercury was launched; although sharing a chassis with the Ford, its body was 6 inches wider with a wheelbase 4 inches longer; Mercury superseded De Luxe Ford as a brand.
As buyer tastes began to change in the late 1930s, certain body styles were pruned from the lineup; 1939 was the last year for the fur-door phaeton and for single-seat coupes and convertibles (and their rumble seats).  A conventional "alligator" hood replaced the "butterfly" hood with its lifting side panels.  Ford made several safety-related changes, as well.  The dashboard was redesigned (to feature recessed controls) in 1938, hydraulic brakes were added in 1939, and sealed-beam headlights were introduced a year later.

 Sixth generation (1941–1948) 

For 1941, Ford introduced an all-new generation of cars and trucks. These were the final generation of cars produced in the lifetimes of both Edsel Ford and Henry Ford. Due to the success of Mercury, De Luxe Ford was changed from a subbrand back to a trim level within the Ford lineup. The width of the body had now increased to the point where running boards had become vestigial.  For the first time since the Model K of 1906, an inline-six engine was available (as a base engine).
From February 1942 to July 1945, civilian production was discontinued as Ford manufactured military products for World War II.  As production resumed, Ford released the 1946 model with few changes aside from a new grille. Under the hood, the V8 engine was now shared with Mercury, allowing Ford to break the 100-hp barrier for the first time. In 1947, the last Ford trucks based on the car chassis were produced.  For 1948, the F-Series was introduced as a dedicated truck chassis.

 Seventh generation (1949–1951) 

For the 1949 model year, Ford redesigned its car lineup with a number of significant changes.  The transverse-leaf suspension, seen since the Model T, was replaced by independent front suspension and longitudinal leaf springs.  Fenders and running boards were completely integrated into the bodywork.
In 1950, the Ford model line expanded itself further as the division added model names to the lineup (as opposed to Ford Standard or Ford Custom).  A year later, an automatic transmission appeared for the first time.  Wood-paneled station wagons were now available as Country Squire.   Ford entered the youth market in 1951 with a new Victoria pillarless hardtop-convertible, a direct competitor to the Chevrolet Bel Air.

 Eighth generation (1952–1954) 

For 1952, Ford updated its cars with mild exterior updates; this generation is distinguished by the introduction of a single-piece windshield.  The pedals were remounted from the floor to below the dashboard.
Mechanically, power brakes and power steering became an option in 1954, and the overhead-valve Y-block V8 replaced the Flathead V8 seen since 1932.  At 130 hp, the Y-block produced twice the horsepower as the original 1932 V8.

 Nameplates 
Ford Mainline
Ranch Wagon
Ford Customline
Country Sedan
Ford Crestline
Sunliner
Victoria
Country Squire
Ford Courier

 Ninth generation (1955–1956) 

In 1955, the Ford car lineup was given a mild update over the previous year, although several features made their first appearance in this generation.  Air conditioning was now available as a factory-installed option.  The Lifeguard option package, introduced in 1956, featured front and rear seat belts, a padded dashboard, and redesigned door latches.  Although this was the first generation of Fords to undergo crash testing, the Lifeguard package was not well received by buyers.
Several nameplates in the Ford lineup made their first appearance during this time.  Ford introduced the Fairlane, Crown Victoria, and Ranch Wagon as part of the 1955 lineup.  Station wagons were now a separate model series from two- and four-doors.

 Nameplates 
Ford Mainline (1955–1956)
coupe utility (Australia only)
Ford Customline (1955–1956)
Ford Fairlane (1955–1956)
Ford Ranch Wagon (1955–1956)
Ford Crown Victoria/Crown Victoria Skyliner (1955–1956)
Ford Courier (1955–1956)
Ford Parklane (1956)

 Tenth generation (1957–1959) 

For the first time since 1949, the 1957 Ford lineup was built on an all-new chassis; a new frame allowed for the use of lower-mounted bodies.  As part of the convertible lineup, the Skyliner introduced a new feature: the retractable hardtop.  The Ranchero, introduced in 1957, was the first coupe utility pickup sold in North America, antedating the Chevrolet El Camino by two years.  The Ranchero was developed from the Courier sedan delivery with the bodywork above the cargo area removed.
In 1959, the Galaxie nameplate was introduced.

 Nameplates 
Ford Custom (1957–1958)
Ford Custom 300 (1957–1959)
Ford Fairlane/Fairlane 500/Fairlane Skyliner (1957–1959)
Ford Galaxie/Galaxie 500/Galaxie Skyliner (1959)
Ford Courier (1957–1959)
Ford Ranch Wagon (1957–1959)
Ford Ranchero (1957–1959)
Ford Del Rio (1957–1958)

 Eleventh generation (1960–1964) 

For 1960, the full-sized Ford chassis was lengthened by an inch to a 119-inch wheelbase. Coinciding with the redesign, a long-running precedent within Ford came to an end. Since the introduction of the Model T over a half-century before, Ford had largely produced a single model line of cars (as well as trucks, before 1948), with individual nameplates denoting a trim-level hierarchy.  With the 1960 introduction of the Ford Falcon compact, the previous line of Fords (ranging from the Custom to the Galaxie and station wagons) became the full-sized Ford model range of cars.  For 1962, Ford used the Fairlane nameplate for a third model range, sized between the Falcon and Galaxie (sharing components from both model lines); named an intermediate, the Fairlane was an ancestor of the mid-sized car segment of today.
Following the expansion of Ford chassis, several Ford body styles ended their production during this generation.  Following a large decline in demand, 1960 marked the final year of the Ford Courier sedan delivery (largely replaced by the Ford Econoline van, derived from the Falcon) and 1961 marked the end of the two-door Ranch Wagon (with all Ford station wagons becoming four-doors).  The Ranchero shifted to the compact Falcon chassis for 1960, ending its commonality with full-sized Fords.  For 1961, Mercury downsized its model line; in what would be a precedent through 1978, Mercury full-sized sedans became mechanical counterparts of the full-sized Ford, distinguished by a slightly longer wheelbase.
The 1960 Ford chassis received a number of drivetrain revisions.  While 1960 had engines carried over from the previous generation, 1961 marked the first use of the long-running Windsor V8 engine family, with a 289 V8 replacing a 292 Y-block V8.  The 390 FE-series V8 was introduced, marking the first big-block V8 (ranging from 352 to 427 cubic inches) in a Ford sedan.

 Nameplates 
The 1960 Ford saw several nameplate shifts.  Following the discontinuation of the Custom/Custom 300, the Fairlane served as the standard Ford for 1960 and 1961.  As a replacement for the Skyliner retractable hardtop, the Starliner fastback hardtop served as the flagship hardtop, with the Sunliner convertible making its return.  For 1962, as the Fairlane was established as a free-standing model range, all full-sized Fords were Galaxies; with the introduction of the Galaxie 500 and Galaxie 500 XL submodels (replacing the Starliner/Sunliner), the bucket-seats-and-console 500 XL served as a competitor to the Chevrolet Impala Super Sport.  As a base model for fleets, for 1963, Ford introduced the Ford 300, which was renamed the Custom for 1964.
The three-model station wagon series remained unchanged from 1960 to 1962.  For 1963, the base-trim Ranch Wagon was adopted by the Fairlane model range.

Ford Fairlane (1960–61)
Ford Galaxie (1960–64)
Ford Starliner/Sunliner (1960-1961)
Ford Galaxie 500/500XL (1962-1964)
Ford Ranch Wagon (1960–62)
Ford Country Sedan (1960–64)
Ford Country Squire (1960–64)
Ford Courier (1960)
Ford 300 (1963)
Ford Custom (1964)

 Twelfth generation (1965–1968) 

For the 1965 model year, the full-sized Ford platform underwent a complete redesign.  While sharing the 119-inch wheelbase of the previous generation, Ford redesigned the frame and suspension in an effort to upgrade ride and handling.  The longitudinal rear leaf springs (used since 1949) were replaced by a three-link coil-sprung live rear axle. In modified form, the design was used through the production of the 1979-2012 Panther chassis (and the Ford Aerostar van).
To comply with federal safety mandates, in 1967 the full-sized Fords were updated with a padded dashboard, recessed controls, collapsible steering column with padded steering wheel, and three-point seatbelts; 1968 models gained side marker lights.  For 1968, the front fascia underwent a revision, shifting from vertically stacked headlights to horizontally mounted headlamps; the XL, LTD, and Country Squire were given hidden headlamps.

 Nameplates 
The 1965 Ford line gained the Ford LTD.  Initially a 1965 submodel of the Galaxie 500, the LTD became a full model line for 1966.  Adopting many of the convenience features available on a Lincoln or Mercury, the Ford LTD was introduced before or alongside sedans such as the Chevrolet Caprice and Dodge Monaco.  The Ranch Wagon returned to the station-wagon line, based upon the Custom.
For 1967, the Ford Galaxie 500 XL was rebranded as the Ford XL (sportiest of the full-sized Ford line).

Ford Custom/Custom 500 (1965–1968)
Ford Galaxie (1965–1968)
Galaxie 500 (1965-1968)
Galaxie 500 LTD (1965)
Galaxie 500/500XL (1965–1966)
Ford XL (1967–1968)
Ford LTD (1966–1968)
Ford Ranch Wagon (1965-1968)
Ford Country Sedan (1965–1968)
Ford Country Squire (1965–1968)

 Thirteenth generation (1969–1978) 

For 1969, the full-sized Ford line was given a redesign.  Expanding to a 121-inch wheelbase, the all-new chassis shared a similar suspension configuration as the previous generation.  In a marketing change, Ford streamlined its full-sized line, integrating station wagons and sedan nameplates together.
Alongside traditional differences between grilles and trim, Ford designers began to further distinguish each full-sized model range from each other.  While Customs and Galaxies were fitted with exposed headlamps (shifted from vertically stacked to horizontal), XLs and LTDs adopted the hidden headlamps (offered by Lincoln-Mercury).  The XL and Galaxie 500 SportsRoofs were fastbacks, sharing a roofline with the Mercury Marauder; standard Galaxie 500s and LTDs used a formal hardtop roofline.During the early 1970s, the model line underwent a transition.  After 1970, the XL was discontinued, as demand for high-performance vehicles shifted further away from full-sized vehicles.  A minor revision of the exterior was introduced for 1971; while the tradition of Ford round/square brake lights was ended, the LTD became one of the first cars equipped with a third brake light (a feature dropped in 1973), and 1972 marked the final year for the long-running Custom and the LTD convertible.For 1973, the full-sized line underwent a redesign of the body.  To accommodate federal regulations, the front fascia was fitted with large 5 mph bumpers (rear versions were added for 1974).  While Lincoln-Mercury retained hardtop rooflines, Ford added thick B-pillars and fixed rear quarter windows to its two-door coupes.  Four-door sedans and station wagons became "pillared hardtops"; while still using frameless door glass, the roofline was reinforced with thin metal B-pillars.  To accommodate the growth in size, V8 engines became standard, ranging up to 7.5 L (460 cubic inches); in another change, automatic transmissions also became standard equipment.
As the 1970s progressed, Ford gradually consolidated its full-sized range under the LTD nameplate (which included the Country Squire station wagon).  After 1974, the Galaxie was discontinued (along with the Country Sedan station wagon); the Custom 500 was largely relegated to fleet and police sales.Second only in production to the Model T, about 7,850,000 examples of the 1969-1978 full-sized Ford/Mercury platform were produced; the Fords on a 121 in (3.07 m) wheelbase, and the variously named Mercurys (except their wagons) on a more luxurious 124 in (3.15 m) wheelbase.

 Nameplates 
Ford Custom/Custom 500 (1969–1978)
Ford LTD (1969–1978)
Ford XL (1969–1970)
Ford Galaxie/Galaxie 500 (1969–1974)
Ford Country Sedan (1969–1974)
Ford Country Squire (1969–1978)
Mercury Marquis
Mercury Monterey, and others

 Fourteenth generation (1979–2011) 

Necessitated by the implementation of American federal fuel economy standards (CAFE), Ford introduced an all-new full-sized line for 1979.  In line with General Motors, Ford underwent downsizing, losing 15 inches of length and 800 pounds of curb weight; the 1979 LTD received smaller exterior dimensions than the midsized LTD II.  In spite of its smaller size, the redesign led to increased interior and trunk space.  The all-new Panther chassis remained rear-wheel drive, and retained the standard V8 engine power.
As the LTD was introduced, Ford began development on its intended replacement, the front-wheel drive Ford Taurus.  As fuel prices stabilized and demand for full-sized cars remained, Ford made the decision to continue to produce the Panther platform alongside the Taurus.  In a rebranding of the model line, the Custom 500 was dropped in the United States (ending altogether in Canada in 1981).  In 1983, as part of a major model shift throughout Ford Motor Company, the LTD and LTD Crown Victoria were split apart.  The LTD Crown Victoria (and the Country Squire) became the sole full-sized cars, while the LTD nameplate took over for a facelifted version of the slow-selling Granada sedan.
For 1992, the Crown Victoria was introduced (dropping the LTD prefix); the Country Squire station wagon was discontinued.  As part of a substantial upgrade of the Panther chassis, the Crown Victoria adopted a ground-up redesign of the exterior (influenced by the first-generation Taurus).  The redesign included four-wheel disc brakes, antilock brakes, and dual airbags; the long-running 5.0 L V8 was replaced by a 4.6 L V8, the first overhead-cam V8 offered in an American full-sized sedan.  The Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor was introduced as a purpose-built police vehicle, including upgraded suspension and drivetrain components; the distinct model was not offered for retail sale.
The Crown Victoria underwent a single exterior revision for 1998 model year, adopting the formal rear roofline of the Mercury Grand Marquis and minor revisions to the front and rear fascias.  For the 2003, the Panther chassis underwent an update to the frame and suspension, improving the handling of the model line.
While well supported by fleet and police sales, Ford ended retail sale of the Crown Victoria, effectively replacing the model line between the Taurus and the Grand Marquis.  Following the 2011 model year, it was no longer legal for sale in North America (as the model was designed without stability control).  Following a short run of 2012 production destined entirely for export to Saudi Arabia, the final Ford Crown Victoria was produced on September 15, 2011.

 Nameplates 
Ford LTD (1979–1982)
Ford Custom 500 (1979–1981, Canada)
Ford LTD Crown Victoria (1983–1991)
Ford Country Squire (1979–1991)
Ford Crown Victoria (1992–2012)
Ford Police Interceptor (1999–2011)

 Concept cars 
The 1993 Aston Martin Lagonda Vignale used an extended Panther chassis (Lincoln Town Car)Full-size
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Fifteenth generation (2005–2019) 

For the 2005 model year, Ford introduced the Ford Five Hundred, its first all-new full-sized sedan in 26 years.  The larger of two cars developed to replace the  Taurus (alongside the Ford Fusion), in retail markets, the Five Hundred also began to take over the role of the Crown Victoria in the Ford sedan lineup.  Produced solely as a four-door sedan, the Five Hundred (drawing its name from the Galaxie 500) was sold alongside the Ford Freestyle; while marketed as a crossover SUV, the Freestyle functionally served as the closest successor to the Country Squire station wagon; for the first time since 1991, Ford offered full-sized vehicles in multiple body styles.
The model line used the D3 platform, a modification of a Volvo large-car platform.  For the first time in the full-sized Ford line, the D3 chassis was of unibody construction and front-wheel drive (in another first, all-wheel drive was an option).  For the first time, a V6 was the standard engine (for the first time since 1931, no V8 was offered).
For the 2008 model year, the model line underwent a midcycle redesign and was rebranded as the Ford Taurus (with the Freestyle becoming the Taurus X); Ford management cited greater nameplate recognition behind the decision.  In another change, the rebranded Taurus effectively replaced the Crown Victoria, as Ford ended retail sale of the latter model line.
For 2010, Ford introduced a sixth generation of the Taurus; again using the D3 chassis, the Ford Taurus SHO made its return with a twin-turbocharged V6 and all-wheel drive.  As part of a 2013 update, Ford introduced a Ford Police Interceptor Sedan police patrol/pursuit car; derived from the SHO, the Interceptor Sedan has a standard 3.7 L V6 (from the Mustang) and a 3.5 L twin-turbo V6 from the SHO.  A 2.0 L turbocharged inline-four was introduced as an option as the first four-cylinder Taurus since 1991 (and the first four-cylinder full-sized Ford since 1934).
At the end of the 2010s, Ford shifted vehicle production in North America away from sedans to light trucks, largely withdrawing from the full-sized segment in worldwide markets.  The final Ford Taurus was produced in March 2019, 15 years after the launch of the D3 chassis and 34 years after the Taurus nameplate.

 Nameplates 
Ford Five Hundred (2005–2007)
Ford Freestyle/Taurus X (2005–2009)
Ford Police Interceptor Sedan (2013–2019)
Ford Taurus (2008–2019; fifth and sixth generations)
Ford Taurus SHO (2010–2019)

 References 

Cars of the Classic '30s: A Decade of Elegant Design. Consumer Guide. Publications International, Ltd. 2004. ISBN 0-7853-9873-2.
Cars of the Fascinating '40s: A Decade of Challenges and Changes. Consumer Guide. Publications International, Ltd. 2002. ISBN 0-7853-6274-6.
David L. Lewis (2005). 100 Years of Ford: A Centennial Celebration of the Ford Motor Company. Consumer Guide. Publications International, Ltd. ISBN 0-7853-7988-6.
"Ford, Mercury, Edsel, and Lincoln Production Figures". LOVEfords.com. 2007-03-13. Archived from the original on 2008-05-13. Retrieved 2008-06-16.
"Ford Model T to Crown Victoria". Edmunds.com. 2003-05-08. Retrieved 2008-06-16.
"Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor". Modernracer.com. 2002. Retrieved 2008-06-16.

Abdulmajid Dostiev
Abdulmajid Salimovich Dostiev (Tajik: Абдулмаҷид Достиев, Russian: Абдулмаджид Салимович Достиев; born 1946) is a Tajikistan politician and diplomat.

 Early life 
Born in Bokhtar District in 1946, Dostiev served in the Soviet Army from 1966 until 1968 before pursuing a career in agriculture. Dostiev worked on a kolkhoz (communal farm) and went on to study entomology at the Agricultural University of Tajikistan, graduating in 1974. In 1977 he became the chief agronomist at the Qurghonteppa Department of Agriculture, and in 1980 he became head of that department.

 Political career 
In 1992, as the Soviet Union collapsed, Dostiev joined the Sitodi Melli armed militia of the Popular Front, becoming secretary of the regional executive committee, and in November of that year was appointed to the Tajik Supreme Soviet as first deputy. The next year he founded the People's Party of Tajikistan (now the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan), serving as chair until 1998.In 1995 he was elected to the Supreme Assembly (Majlisi Oli), and in 1996 he was appointed deputy chair of the assembly, a position he held for four years. He also served as deputy of the Commission for National Reconciliation in 1997. In 2000, he was elected to the assembly's lower chamber, where he served as deputy parliamentary chair.

 Diplomatic career 
In December 2006, he was appointed as the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Tajikistan to the Russian Federation and concurrently to Ukraine.

 Post-diplomatic career 
In 2021, he proposed to rename Iskanderkul to Kuli Rahmon or Rakhmonkul, after President Emomali Rahmon, in order for "the name of the aggressor and villain, Alexander the Great, will disappear from the map of our beloved homeland".

 Personal life 
He speaks Tajik, Russian, and Uzbek. He is married with five children and grandchildren.

 Awards and titles 
Medal "For Distinguished Labour" (1981)
Honored Worker of Science and Technology of Tajikistan
Order of Ismoili Somoni
Order of Dousti
Order of the Commonwealth

 References 

Black College Football Hall of Fame
The Black College Football Hall of Fame (BCFHOF) is an American hall of fame for college football players, coaches and contributors from historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs). It was founded in 2009 in Atlanta, centrally located to many of the country's black universities. Its museum is located within the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio. Players are eligible for induction if they played at least two seasons at an HBCU and finished their college career at an HBCU. They can be nominated five years after their last college season. Any current or former head coach of an HBCU is eligible. Anyone can be nominated as a contributor.

 History 
The BCFHOF was co-founded by James Harris and Doug Williams, former quarterbacks who both played football at the historically black university Grambling State University before playing professionally. As a rookie with the Buffalo Bills in 1969, Harris become the first black quarterback to be the starter in a season opener in either the American Football League or the National Football League (NFL). Williams was the first black quarterback to play in a Super Bowl, starting for the Washington Redskins and winning Super Bowl XXII while being named the Super Bowl MVP.At its inception in 2009, the BCFHOF did not have a building. Its induction ceremonies and educational programs were held at various hotels in Atlanta. In 2016, the Pro Football Hall of Fame announced that it was providing a permanent home for the BCFHOF. The exhibit officially opened in 2019, held on the same weekend as the inaugural Black College Football Hall of Fame Classic at Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium in Canton. The BCFHOF continues to run independently with its board of directors and choosing its inductees.In 2021, the BCFHOF partnered with the NFL, Pro Football Hall of Fame and Tulane University to establish the HBCU Legacy Bowl, a postseason all-star game for NFL Draft-eligible players from HBCUs.

 Inductees 
Source:

 Inductees by school 

 See also 
College Football Hall of Fame

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Power Macintosh
The Power Macintosh, later Power Mac, is a family of personal computers designed, manufactured, and sold by Apple Computer, Inc as the core of the Macintosh brand from March 1994 until August 2006.
Described by Macworld as "the most important technical evolution of the Macintosh since the Mac II debuted in 1987", it is the first computer with the PowerPC CPU architecture, the flagship product of the AIM alliance. Existing software for the Motorola 68k processors of previous Macintoshes do not run on it natively, so a Mac 68k emulator is in System 7.1.2. It provides good compatibility, at about two-thirds of the speed of contemporary Macintosh Quadra machines.The Power Macintosh replaced the Quadra and was initially sold in the same enclosures. Over the next twelve years, it evolved through a succession of enclosure designs, a rename to "Power Mac", five major generations of PowerPC chips, and a great deal of press coverage, design accolades, and controversy about performance claims. It was discontinued as part of the Mac transition to Intel processors announced in 2005, making way for its replacement, the Mac Pro.

 History 

 RISC exploration (1988–1990) 
The first Power Macintosh models were released in March 1994, but the development of Power Macintosh technology dates back to mid-1988.
Jean-Louis Gassée, president of Apple's product division, started the "Jaguar" project to create a computer that would be the fastest desktop computer on the market, capable of voice commands. This was originally envisioned to be a new computer line altogether, not a Macintosh, and the Jaguar team was initially kept independent of the Macintosh team. This separation included operating system development, with the newly conceived "Pink" operating system considered for the new computer. Jaguar was also not intended to be a high-volume, mainstream system. Gassée's preference, as it was with the upcoming Macintosh IIfx, was to create a product that would compete in the high-end workstation market, previously not an area of strength for Apple. The decision to use RISC architecture was representative of a shift in the computer industry in 1987 and 1988, where RISC-based systems from Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard, and IBM were significantly outpacing the performance offered by systems based on Motorola's 68020 and 68030 processors and Intel's 80386 and 80486 CPUs. Initially, Apple invested considerable time and effort in an attempt to create their own RISC CPU in a project code-named "Aquarius", even to the point where a Cray-1 supercomputer was purchased to assist with designing the chip. The company lacked the financial and manufacturing resources to produce a working product and the project was cancelled in 1989.By early 1990, Apple was in contact with a number of RISC vendors to find a suitable hardware partner. The team that had created the IIfx independently started experimenting with creating a new Macintosh product that would combine a Motorola 68030 processor with an AMD Am29000 (29k) RISC chip. Apple had already released a product built on the 29k, the Macintosh Display Card 8•24 GC, a so-called "Macintosh Toolbox accelerator" NuBus card that provides significantly faster drawing routines than those included on the Macintosh ROM. The team's experiments resulted in a 68020 emulator implemented in RISC, but the 29k project was dropped in mid-1990 due to financial infeasibility.
Apple evaluated CPU architectures including MIPS, SPARC, i860, and ARM—which would be much later used across many Apple product families. Negotiations with Sun included the condition that Sun would use the Macintosh interface for its SPARC workstation computers in exchange for Apple using Sun's SPARC processors in Macintosh workstations; the deal was canceled due to Apple's concern that Sun could not produce enough processors. Negotiations with MIPS to use the R4000 processor also included the condition that the Macintosh interface would be available as an alternative to the Advanced Computing Environment. This deal was canceled due to Microsoft being a major partner in the ACE Consortium, as well as concerns about manufacturing capability.  The Intel i860 was eliminated from consideration due to its high complexity. Apple did not consider IBM's POWER1 processor as an option, believing that IBM would not be willing to license it to third parties.

In mid-1990, Apple chose the Motorola 88110, an as-yet unfinished chip that combined the 88100 CPU and 88200 FPU into a single package.: 7  For the rest of the year, Apple's engineers developed a 68k emulator that would work with this future chip.  This project became known as "RLC", short form "RISC LC", a play on the name of Apple's upcoming Macintosh LC computer. By January 1991, the engineering team had produced a prototype of a Macintosh LC with its 68020 CPU being swapped out for an 88100 and a 68020 emulator. This prototype was able to use an unmodified Macintosh Toolbox ROM and could boot into System 7.  A few months later, a second prototype was created, utilizing a Macintosh IIsi case with the now-completed Motorola 88100 chip.: 10–11 Jaguar wasn't initially intended to be a high-volume mainstream system. Instead, mass-market RISC systems would follow sometime later. After Gassée left Apple in early 1990, the goal of the Jaguar project was refocused to be a mainstream Macintosh system instead of a new platform. The Jaguar project was folded into the Macintosh team in early 1991.: 10  While the Jaguar project itself never came to fruition, and Taligent never resulted in a functional operating system, many of the elements originally developed by the Jaguar hardware and software teams were brought to market in mid-1993 with the Centris 660AV and Quadra 840AV, including the Apple Adjustable Keyboard, Apple AudioVision 14 Display, GeoPort, and PlainTalk. The new case designs introduced with the Centris 610 and Quadra 800 had also originated in the Jaguar team.

 Development and partnership with IBM (1991–1993) 
By mid-1991, there was internal concern at Apple that the 88100 may not be the correct processor to move forward with as no other computer manufacturers had committed to using the processor.: 11  Using IBM's POWER was again considered, but it was a seven-chip design at the time, which was not desirable from a cost perspective. Engineers from Apple and IBM's Advanced Workstations and Systems Division met in Austin, Texas to discuss creating a single-chip version of IBM's POWER1 RISC architecture. Motorola was also present at Apple's request.  IBM had already been working on such a chip, called the RISC Single Chip (RSC), to reduce the production cost of their entry-level RS/6000 workstation systems.: 7  In these meetings, a number of changes were proposed to RSC that would facilitate lower costs, lower power usage, and higher yield production suitable for both the Macintosh and future RS/6000 products.
In early July, executives at the three companies reached an agreement which was formally announced to the public in October. In addition to the new RISC architecture, which was given the name PowerPC, this "AIM alliance" had several goals, including creating an operating system based on Pink, an object-oriented scripting language called ScriptX, and a cross-platform media player called the Kaleida Media Player. Of the alliance, John Sculley said, "The Macintosh strategy paid off very well for us in the 1980s, but we didn't think we could establish the next generation of computing by using that model in the 1990s. Working with IBM, and making it available to everyone, we can have a much wider impact with these technologies than we did with the Macintosh."Development of the PowerPC 601 chip started in October 1991 and was completed in 21 months, with volume production starting in July 1993.: 17  The first computers to ship with a PowerPC chip were a line of IBM RS/6000 workstations in September 1993. Many Macintosh application developers used these machines for the development of the initial PowerPC ports of their products, as Macintosh-based PowerPC development tools were not ready. The PowerPC 603 (which focused on lowering power usage) and 604 (which focused on high performance) projects were also underway at the same time.
In July 1992, the decision was made to scale back the ambition of the initial system software release; instead of attempting to create a completely new kernel, Apple focused on producing a version of System 7 where portions of the existing Macintosh Toolbox ROM were rewritten to use native PowerPC code instead of emulating a 680x0. This provided a significant performance boost for certain highly utilized parts of the operating system, particularly QuickDraw.
The first public demonstration of the new Power Macintosh — specifically, a prototype of what would become the Power Macintosh 6100 – was at an Apple Pacific sales meeting in Hawaii in October 1992.: 23  The demo was a success, and in the following months, the product plan expanded to include three models: the entry-level 6100, a mid-range 7100 housed in the Macintosh IIvx's desktop case, and a high-end 8100 based on the Quadra 800's mini-tower case. A fourth project, the Macintosh Processor Upgrade Card, was started in July 1993 to provide a straightforward upgrade path to owners of Centris- and Quadra-based Macintosh computers.: 23  The importance of this was especially significant for the Quadra 700, 900, and 950, which were not going to receive full logic board replacements. Computers upgraded in this fashion received new names such as "Power Macintosh Q650" and "Power Macintosh 900".

 Release and reception (1994–1995) 
The original plan was to release the first Power Macintosh machine on January 24, 1994, exactly ten years after the release of the first Macintosh.: 26  Ian Diery, who was EVP and general manager of the Personal Computer Division at the time, moved the release date back to March 14 in order to give manufacturing enough time to build enough machines to fill the sales channels and to ensure that the Macintosh Processor Upgrade Card would be available at the same time. This was a departure from prior practice at Apple; they had typically released upgrade packages months after the introduction of new Macintoshes.
The Power Macintosh was formally introduced at the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in Manhattan on March 14. Pre-orders for the new Power Macintosh models were brisk, with an announced 150,000 machines already having been sold by that date. MacWorld's review of the 6100/60 noted that "Not only has Apple finally regained the performance lead it lost about eight years ago when PCs appeared using Intel's 80386 CPU, but it has pushed far ahead."  The performance of 680x0 software is slower due to the emulation layer, but MacWorld's benchmarks showed noticeably faster CPU, disk, video, and floating-point performance than the Quadra 610 it replaced.  By January 1995, Apple had sold 1 million Power Macintosh systems.
Speed-bumped versions of the Power Macintosh line were introduced at the beginning of 1995, followed in April by the first PowerPC 603 models: an all-in-one model called the Power Macintosh 5200 LC and a replacement for the Quadra 630 called the Power Macintosh 6200. Performa variants of these machines were sold as well, continuing the practice of re-branding other Macintosh models for sale in department stores and big-box electronics retailers.  While the 5200 LC was well received by critics for its design, performance, and cost, both it and the 6200 suffered from stability issues (and in the case of the 5200, display issues as well) that could only be solved by bringing the machine to an Apple dealer for replacement parts.By mid-1995, the burgeoning Power Macintosh line had all but completely supplanted every prior Macintosh line, with only the high-end Quadra 950 and two low-cost education models (the all-in-one Macintosh LC 580 and desktop LC 630) remaining in production. The competitive marketplace for "accelerator cards" that had existed for earlier Macintosh systems largely disappeared due to the comparatively low price of Apple's Macintosh Processor Upgrade Card (US$600).  DayStar Digital sold upgrade cards for the IIci and various Quadra models, and full motherboard replacements were available from Apple as well.  Macintosh clones from companies like DayStar Digital and Power Computing were also coming to the market at this time, undercutting Apple's prices.

 Transition to standardized hardware (1995–1999) 
When the Power Macintosh was introduced, it included the same internal and external expansion connections as other Macintosh models, all of which (save for audio input and output) were either wholly proprietary to, or largely exclusive to Apple computers. Over the next five years, Apple replaced all these ports with industry-standard connectors.
The first generation of Power Macintoshes had shipped with NuBus, but by the end of 1993, it was becoming clear that Intel's PCI bus was going to be the widely adopted future of internal expansion. Apple's position as a relatively small player in the larger personal computer market meant that few device manufacturers invested in creating both NuBus- and PCI-compatible versions of their cards.  The first PCI-based system was the range-topping Power Macintosh 9500, introduced in May 1995. This was followed shortly afterwards by the introduction of the "Power Surge" line of second-generation Power Macintosh systems – the Power Macintosh 7200, 7500 and 8500. The 8500 and 9500 were built around the new PowerPC 604, offering speeds starting at 120 MHz. InfoWorld's review of the 8500 showed a speed improvement in their "business applications suite" benchmark from 10 minutes with the 8100/100, to 7:37 for the 8500/120. They also noted that the 8500 runs an average of 24 to 44 percent faster than a similarly clocked Intel Pentium chip, increasing to double on graphics and publishing tasks.
The transition to PCI continued into 1996, with the introduction of the all-in-one 5400, desktop 6300/160 (usually sold as a Performa 6360), and mini-tower 6400 models.  The success of the Macintosh clone market also prompted Apple to produce its own inexpensive machine using parts and production techniques that were common in both the clone market and the Wintel desktop market at the time. The Power Macintosh 4400 (sold as a 7220 in Asia and Australia) employed bent sheet metal instead of plastic for its case internals, and included a standard ATX power supply.
Alongside the transition to PCI, Apple began a gradual transition away from SCSI hard disks to IDE as a cost-saving measure, both for themselves and for users who wanted to upgrade their hard drives. The low-end 5200 and 6200 were the first to adopt IDE internal drives, though Apple's proprietary 25-pin external SCSI connector remained. The beige Power Macintosh G3 models being the last to include SCSI drives as standard, and it was the last Macintosh to include the external SCSI connector. When the Power Macintosh G3 (Blue and White) was introduced in early 1999, the port was replaced by two FireWire 400 ports. The Blue and White G3 was also the last Macintosh to include Apple Desktop Bus ports, a proprietary technology created by Steve Wozniak to connect keyboards, mice and software protection dongles such as those from Avid Technology. Two USB ports were also included, making this the only Power Macintosh to include both ADB and USB.
Another port that was retired during this time is the Apple Attachment Unit Interface. This was a proprietary version of the industry-standard Attachment Unit Interface connector for 10BASE5 Ethernet that Apple had created to avoid confusion with the 15-pin connector that Apple used for connecting external displays. The AAUI port required a costly external transceiver to connect to a network. By the early 1990s, the networking industry was coalescing around the 10BASE-T connector, leading Apple to include this port alongside AAUI in mid-1995, starting with the Power Macintosh 9500. The Power Macintosh G3 excluded the AAUI port.
The Power Mac G4 (AGP Graphics) was released in the second half of 1999; it was the first Power Macintosh to include only industry-standard internal and external expansion. For some years afterwards, a number of third parties created dongles that provided backwards compatibility to users of newer Power Mac systems with old hardware. This included companies like Griffin Technology, MacAlly Peripherals, Rose Electronics and many others. In some cases, these companies produced adapters that matched the aesthetic design of the Power Mac.

 Industrial design and the Megahertz Myth (1999–2002) 
Shortly after Steve Jobs' return to Apple in 1997, Jony Ive was appointed senior vice president of industrial design. Building on the critical and commercial success of the iMac, Ive and his team created an entirely new case design for the Power Macintosh G3, combining many of the aesthetic principles of the iMac (curves, translucent plastics, use of color) with the ease-of-access characteristics of the company's popular "Outrigger" Macintosh models from previous years. The result was the Power Macintosh G3 (Blue and White), a machine that received considerable plaudits from reviewers, including PC Magazine's Technical Excellence Award for 1999. "The Power Mac provides the fastest access to the insides of a computer we've ever seen," they wrote. "Just lift a handle and a hinged door reveals everything inside."  This case design, code-named "El Capitan", was retained through the entire lifetime of the Power Mac G4.  The introduction of the Blue and White G3 mini-tower also marked the end of the desktop and all-in-one Power Macintosh case designs, the latter being replaced by the iMac.
A second model called the Power Mac G4 Cube was introduced in 2000, which fitted the specifications of a mid-range Power Mac G4 into a cube less than 9" in each axis. This model was on sale for about a year before being discontinued, and was not considered a sales success (150,000 units were sold, about one-third of Apple's projections), but the distinctive design of both the computer and its accompanying Harman Kardon speakers prompted the Museum of Modern Art in New York City to retain them in their collection.The PowerPC chips in the G3 and G4 became a central part of Apple's branding and marketing for the Power Macintosh. For example, the Blue and White G3 features the letters "G3" on the side that are fully one-third the height of the entire case, a significant departure from the small labels typically used on prior Macintosh computers. And when the Power Mac G4 was introduced, print ads included pictures of the G4 chip and mentioned its AltiVec instruction set by its own marketing name, "Velocity Engine". A related element of Apple's marketing strategy, especially after mid-2001, was to highlight what they described as the "Megahertz myth", challenging the belief that a processor's clock speed is directly correlated with performance. This had become important with the introduction of Intel's Pentium 4, which featured significantly higher clock speeds than competing chips from Sun, IBM, and AMD, but without a corresponding performance benefit.
The company's public presentations – Stevenotes in particular – often featured lengthy segments pitting a high-powered Compaq or Dell computer against the Power Macintosh in a series of benchmarks and scripted tasks, usually in Adobe Photoshop. These presentations often showed the Power Macintosh besting Intel's Pentium chips by margins significantly exceeding 50%, but independent benchmarks did not bear this out. InfoWorld reviewer Jennifer Plonka reported that the 400 MHz G3 was 11% slower than a comparably-specced Pentium II-450 in an Office applications suite test, while Photoshop 5.0 was faster by 26%. And in 2003, Maximum PC ran a variety of gaming, Photoshop and LightWave 3D benchmarks, and reported that the Dual 1.25 GHz G4 system was about half the speed of a dual-processor Intel Xeon Prestonia 2.8 GHz system. A related criticism leveled at Power Mac systems from this time, particularly the G4 Mirrored Drive Doors, was the increased fan noise level compared to older systems.

 The Power Mac G5 and the end of Power (2003–2006) 
By the time the Power Mac G5 was unveiled at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in July 2003, Apple's desktop range had fallen significantly behind competing computers in performance.  The G5 closed much of this gap by moving to the PowerPC 970 processor with clock speeds up to 2.0 GHz, and a full 64-bit architecture. It also introduced a significantly revised enclosure design, replacing the use of plastics with anodized aluminum alloy.
Reviews were generally positive. InfoWorld described the G5 as "Apple's best work yet", and said it "delivers on the present need for rapid computing, deep multitasking, and responsive user interfaces — as well as the future need for mainstream computers that rapidly process and analyze massive data sets." PC Magazine again awarded the Power Mac G5 with its Award for Technical Excellence for 2003. However, the G5's heavy weight (10 pounds more than the previous year's Quicksilver Power Mac G4), limited internal expansion options, issues with ground loop, and noise in the single-processor models' power supply units resulted in significant criticism of the product. Apple also continued to make unsubstantiated performance claims about the new Power Mac. This resulted in the Advertising Standards Authority for the United Kingdom banning Apple from using the phrase "the world's fastest, most powerful personal computer" to describe the Power Mac G5 after independent tests carried out by the Broadcast Advertising Clearance Centre determined the claim to be false. Another claim made by Steve Jobs at the 2003 Worldwide Developers Conference was that the company would be selling a 3 GHz G5 by mid-2004; this never happened.Three generations of Power Mac G5 were released before it was discontinued during the Mac transition to Intel processors. The announcement of the transition came in mid-2005, but the third generation of G5 systems was introduced towards the end of 2005. Most notably in this generation was the introduction of a Quad-core 2.5 GHz system. Not only was this the first Apple computer with four processing cores, it was the first to incorporate PCI Express instead of PCI-X for internal expansion. It also required an IEC 60320 C19 power connector that was more common on rackmounted server hardware, instead of the industry-standard C13 connector used with personal computers.
The official end to the Power Macintosh line came at the 2006 Worldwide Developers Conference, where Phil Schiller introduced its replacement, the Mac Pro.  The G5's enclosure design was retained for the Mac Pro and continued to be used for seven more years, making it among the longest-lived designs in Apple's history.

 Models 
The Power Macintosh models can be broadly classified into two categories, depending on whether they were released before or after Apple introduced its "four quadrant" product strategy in 1998.  Before the introduction of the Power Macintosh G3 (Blue and White) in 1999, Apple had shipped Power Macintosh-labelled machines in nine different form factors, some of which were carry-overs from pre-PowerPC product lines, such as the Quadra/Centris 610 and the IIvx. This was reduced to one model in the new product strategy, with the exception of the Power Mac G4 Cube in 2000 and 2001.

 1994–1997 
Apple named Power Macintosh models from this period after the first pre-PowerPC model of Macintosh to use a particular form factor, followed by a slash and the speed of the CPU. For example, the Power Macintosh 6300/120 uses the Quadra 630's form factor and has a 120 MHz CPU.
Machines with "AV" in their name denote variants that include extended audio-video capabilities.
Machines with "PC Compatible" in their name include a separate card with an x86-compatible CPU; these models are therefore capable of running MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows applications, typically Windows 3.1.
Machines with "MP" in their name denote machines that include two CPUs.
These early models had two distinct generations. The first generation uses the PowerPC 601 and 603 processors and used the old NuBus expansion slots, while the second generation uses the faster 603e, 604 and 604e chips as well as industry-standard PCI expansion slots. The second generation also makes use of Open Firmware, allowing them to more easily boot alternate operating systems (including OS X via XPostFacto), though use of various hacks was still necessary.

 Power Macintosh 4400 
The Power Macintosh 4400 is a desktop case with a height of 5.4 inches, suitable for horizontal placement with a monitor on top.

Power Macintosh 4400/160, 200, 200 (PC Compatible) (Marketed as the Power Macintosh 7220 in some regions)

 Power Macintosh 5200 
The Power Macintosh 5200 is an all-in-one form factor with specifications and internal designs similar to the Quadra 630.  Collectively these machines are sometimes referred to as the "Power Macintosh/Performa 5000 series".

Power Macintosh 5200/75 LC
Power Macintosh 5260/100, 120
Power Macintosh 5300/100 LC
Power Macintosh 5400/120, 180, 200
Power Macintosh 5500/225, 250

 Centris 610 
The Centris 610 form factor is a low-profile "pizza-box" design with a height of 3.4 inches, intended to be placed on a desktop with a monitor on top.

Power Macintosh 6100/60, 60AV, 66, 66AV, 66 (DOS Compatible)

 Quadra 630 
The Quadra 630 form factor is a horizontally-oriented design with a height of 4.3 inches, suitable for placing a monitor on top.

Power Macintosh 6200/75
Power Macintosh 6300/120, 160

 Performa 6400 
The Performa 6400 form factor is a mini-tower design, suitable for being placed beside a monitor.

Power Macintosh 6400/180, 200
Power Macintosh 6500/225, 250, 275, 300

 Power Macintosh 7100 
The IIvx form factor is a horizontally-oriented desktop form factor with a height of 6 inches, suitable for placing a monitor on top.

Power Macintosh 7100/66, 66AV, 80, 80AV

 Power Macintosh 7500 
The Power Macintosh 7500 form factor is a horizontally-oriented desktop design with a height of 6.15 inches, suitable for placing a monitor on top.

Power Macintosh 7200/75, 90, 120 (PC), 200 (PC)
Power Macintosh 7300/166, 180 (PC), 200
Power Macintosh 7500/100
Power Macintosh 7600/120, 132, 200

 Quadra 800 
The Quadra 800 form factor is a mini-tower design, with a width of 7.7 inches.

Power Macintosh 8100/80, 80AV, 100, 100AV, 110, 110AV
Power Macintosh 8115/110
Power Macintosh 8200/100, 120
Power Macintosh 8500/120, 132, 150, 180
Power Macintosh 8515/120

 Power Macintosh 9600 
The Power Macintosh 9600 form factor is a mini-tower design with a width of 9.7 inches.

Power Macintosh 8600/200, 250, 300
Power Macintosh 9500/120, 132, 150, 180MP, 200
Power Macintosh 9515/132
Power Macintosh 9600/200, 200MP, 233, 300, 350

 1997–2006 
Starting with the Power Macintosh G3, Apple changed its product naming to include the generation of PowerPC CPU, with the name of the form factor or a key feature afterwards in brackets.
The all-in-one models would eventually be spun off into the iMac line, whilst the compact form factor models would be spun off into the Mac Mini.

 Power Macintosh G3 
Power Macintosh G3 Desktop
Power Macintosh G3 Mini Tower
Power Macintosh G3 All-In-One
Power Macintosh G3 Blue and White

 Power Mac G4 
Power Mac G4 PCI Graphics
Power Mac G4 AGP Graphics
Power Mac G4 Gigabit Ethernet
Power Mac G4 Digital Audio
Power Mac G4 Quicksilver
Power Mac G4 Quicksilver 2002
Power Mac G4 Mirrored Drive Doors
Power Mac G4 Mirrored Drive Doors FW800
Power Mac G4 Mirrored Drive Doors 2003
Power Mac G4 Cube

 Power Mac G5 
The Power Mac G5's name was changed to incorporate the time period in which the model was released.

Power Mac G5 Mid 2003
Power Mac G5 Mid 2004
Power Mac G5 Late 2004
Power Mac G5 Early 2005
Power Mac G5 Late 2005

 Naming 
The Power Mac brand name was used for Apple's high-end tower style computers, targeted primarily at businesses and creative professionals, in differentiation to their more compact "iMac" line (intended for home use) and the "eMac" line (for the education markets). They were usually equipped with Apple's newest technologies, and commanded the highest prices among Apple desktop models. Some Power Mac G4 and G5 models were offered in dual-processor configurations.
Prior to the Power Mac name change, certain Power Macintosh models were otherwise identical to their lower-cost re-branded siblings sold as the Macintosh LC and Macintosh Performa, as well as the dedicated Apple Workgroup Server and Macintosh Server G3 & G4 lines. Other past Macintosh lines which used PowerPC processors include the PowerBook 5300 and later models, iMac, iBook and Xserve as well as the Apple Network Server, which was technically not a Macintosh.

 Advertising and marketing 
Apple positioned the Power Macintosh as a high-end personal computer aimed at businesses and creative professionals with an advertising campaign consisting of several television commercials and print ads. The television commercials used the slogan "The Future Is Better Than You Expected", featuring the first three Power Macintosh computers to showcase special features such as networking and MS-DOS compatibility.
In 1993 and 1994, a television advertising campaign created by BBDO aired with the slogan "It does more, it costs less, it's that simple."

 Timeline 

 See also 
Mac Pro
PowerBook
List of Mac models grouped by CPU type

 References 

 External links 

Apple.com – Support – Specifications – Power Mac
Everymac.com – Apple Power Macintosh systems
Lowendmac.com – Power Mac Index

RuPaul's Drag Race
RuPaul's Drag Race is an American reality competition television series, the first in the Drag Race franchise, produced by World of Wonder for Logo TV (season 1–8), WOW Presents Plus, VH1 (season 9–14) and, beginning with the fifteenth season, MTV. The show documents RuPaul in the search for "America's next drag superstar". RuPaul plays the role of host, mentor, and head judge for this series, as contestants are given different challenges each week. Contestants are judged by a panel that includes RuPaul, Michelle Visage, an alternating third main judge of either Carson Kressley, Ross Mathews, or Ts Madison, and one or more guest judges, who critique their progress throughout the competition. The title of the show is a play on drag queen and drag racing, and the title sequence and song "Drag Race" both have a drag-racing theme.
RuPaul's Drag Race has spanned fifteen seasons and inspired the spin-off shows RuPaul's Drag U, RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, and RuPaul's Secret Celebrity Drag Race; the companion series RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked; and numerous international franchises including British and Australian and New Zealand versions hosted by RuPaul as well as Chilean, Thai, Canadian, Dutch, Spanish, Italian, French, Philippine, Belgian, Swedish, Mexican, Brazilian, and German editions, and international vs. the World competitions hosted in the United Kingdom and Canada.
The show has become the highest-rated television program on Logo TV, and airs internationally, including in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands and Israel. The show earned RuPaul eight consecutive Emmy Awards (2016 to 2023) for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Competition Program. The show itself has been awarded as the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program 4 consecutive times (2018 to 2021), and the Outstanding Reality Program Award at the GLAAD Media Awards. It has been nominated for four Critics' Choice Television Awards including Best Reality Series – Competition and Best Reality Show Host for RuPaul, and was nominated for a Creative Arts Emmy Award for Outstanding Make-up for a Multi-Camera Series or Special (Non-Prosthetic). Later in 2018, the show became the first show to win a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program and a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program in the same year, a feat it has since repeated three times.

 Format 
Prospective Drag Race contestants submit video auditions to the show's production company, World of Wonder. RuPaul, the host and head judge, views each tape and selects the season's competitors. Once the chosen pool of performers is on set, they film a series of episodes in which they compete against each other in various challenges. Each episode typically concludes with one contestant being eliminated from the competition. Rarely, the outcome of an episode has been a double elimination, no elimination, contestant disqualification or removal of a contestant on medical grounds. Each episode features a so-called "maxi challenge" that tests competitors' skills in a variety of areas of drag performance. Some episodes also feature a "mini challenge", the prize of which is often an advantage or benefit in the upcoming maxi challenge. Following the maxi challenge, contestants present themed looks in a runway walk. RuPaul and a panel of judges then critique each contestant's performance, deliberate amongst themselves, and announce the week's winner and bottom two competitors. The bottom two queens compete in a so-called "Lip Sync for Your Life"; the winner of the lip sync remains in the competition, and the loser is eliminated. Generally, the contestant that the judges feel has displayed the most "charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent" (C.U.N.T.) is the one who advances. The final contestants remaining compete in a special finale episode wherein the season's winner is crowned. In early seasons, the finale was pre-recorded in the studio with no audience. More recently, the finale has taken the form of a lip sync tournament before a live audience. The season 12 finale was filmed remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The whole season is typically filmed in four weeks.

 Mini and maxi challenges 
Mini challenges are quick, small assignments that RuPaul announces at the beginning of an episode. One of the most popular mini challenges, which has appeared in every season since season 2, is the reading challenge. In it, contestants satirically criticize one another in a process called "reading", which was popularized by the 1990 documentary film Paris Is Burning. Maxi challenges vary in the skill they test; some are group challenges that involve singing and acting, while others feature comedy, a talent of choice, dancing, or makeovers. The winner receives a material or monetary prize. Until the show's sixth season, the winner sometimes also received immunity against elimination the following week. Drag Race's most popular seasonal maxi challenge is Snatch Game, a spoof on Match Game wherein contestants impersonate celebrities or famous fictional personas.

 Judging 

RuPaul has been the series' head judge since its premiere. For the first two seasons, Merle Ginsberg joined him on the panel; she was replaced in season 3 by Michelle Visage, a longtime friend of RuPaul and his co-host for The RuPaul Show. Santino Rice served as a judge from season 1 through season 6. From season 7 onward, Ross Mathews and Carson Kressley have replaced Rice, alternating in his former seat. New York City makeup artist Billy B held a regular judging spot in the third and fourth seasons when Rice was absent. Most weeks, one or two celebrity guest judges join the panel. After appearing as a recurring guest judge in seasons 13 and 14, Ts Madison joined Mathews and Kressley as an alternating judge from the fifteenth season.

 Companion series 

The first season of Drag Race was accompanied by a seven-episode web series titled Under the Hood of RuPaul's Drag Race, which Logo TV made available for streaming on its website. The series featured behind-the-scenes and deleted footage from the main show's tapes. From season 2 onward, a companion show called RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked, which has the same premise, has aired instead. Untucked largely focuses on conversations and drama that occur between contestants backstage while the judges deliberate on each episode's results. In most seasons, it has aired on TV following the main show, but it was available only online for season 7 through season 9. A number of smaller web series also accompany each episode of Drag Race. Whatcha Packin', which began at the start of the sixth season, features Michelle Visage interviewing the most recently eliminated queen about their run on the show and showcasing runway outfits they had brought but did not have the opportunity to wear. In 2014, the web-series Fashion Photo Ruview aired for the first time, co-hosted by Raja Gemini and Raven who evaluate the runway looks of the main show. Since season 8, a five- to fifteen-minute (later eighteen- to thirty-minute) aftershow called The Pit Stop has also been produced. It involves a host and guest, typically past competitors of Drag Race, discussing the recently aired episode. Each season's host (or hosts) are different; to date, these have included the YouTuber Kingsley, Raja Gemini, Bob the Drag Queen, Alaska Thunderfuck, Trixie Mattel, Manila Luzon, Monét X Change, and Bianca Del Rio.

 Series overview 

 Seasons 1–8 (2009–2016): Logo TV 

Season 1 premiered in the U.S. on February 2, 2009, on Logo TV. Nine contestants competed to become "America's Next Drag Superstar". The winner won a lifetime supply of MAC Cosmetics, was featured on the cover of Paper and in an LA Eyeworks campaign, joined the Absolut Pride tour, and won a cash prize of $20,000. One of the nine, Nina Flowers, was determined by an audience vote via the show's official website. The winner of season 1 was BeBe Zahara Benet, with Nina Flowers winning Miss Congeniality. In late 2013, Logo re-aired the season as RuPaul's Drag Race: The Lost Season Ru-Vealed, featuring commentary from RuPaul.For season 2 (2010), 12 contestants competed for a lifetime supply of NYX Cosmetics and be the face of nyxcosmetics.com, an exclusive one year public relations contract with LGBT firm Project Publicity, be featured in an LA Eyeworks campaign, join the Logo Drag Race Tour, and a cash prize of $25,000. A new tradition of writing a farewell message in lipstick on the workstation mirror was started by the first eliminated queen, Shangela. Each week's episode is followed by a behind-the-scenes show, RuPaul's Drag Race Untucked. The winner of season 2 was Tyra Sanchez, with Pandora Boxx winning Miss Congeniality. On December 6, 2011, Amazon.com released season 2 on DVD via the CreateSpace program.Season 3 (2011) had Michelle Visage replacing Merle Ginsberg on the judging panel as well as Billy Brasfield (commonly known as Billy B), Mike Ruiz, and Jeffrey Moran (courtesy of Absolut Vodka) filling in for Santino Rice's absence during several episodes. Due to Billy B's continued appearances, he and Rice are considered to have been alternate judges for the same seat on judges panel. Other changes made included the introduction of a wildcard contestant from the past season, Shangela; an episode with no elimination; and a contestant, Carmen Carrera, being brought back into the competition after having been eliminated a few episodes prior. A new pit crew was also introduced consisting of Jason Carter and Shawn Morales. As with the previous season, each week's episode was followed by a behind-the-scenes show, RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked. The winner of the season 3 was Raja, with Yara Sofia winning Miss Congeniality. On December 6, 2011, Amazon.com released this season on DVD via their CreateSpace program.Season 4 began airing on January 30, 2012, with cast members announced November 13, 2011. The winner headlined Logo's Drag Race Tour featuring Absolut Vodka, won a one-of-a-kind trip, a lifetime supply of NYX Cosmetics, a cash prize of $100,000, and the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar". Like the previous season, Rice and Billy B (Billy Brasfield), shared the same seat at the judges table alternatively, with Brasfield filling in for Rice when needed. The winner of season 4 was Sharon Needles, with Latrice Royale winning Miss Congeniality.

Season 5 began airing on January 28, 2013, with a 90-minute premiere episode. Fourteen contestants competed for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar" along with a lifetime supply of Colorevolution Cosmetics, a one-of-a-kind trip courtesy of AlandChuck.travel, a headlining spot on Logo's Drag Race Tour featuring Absolut Vodka and a cash prize of $100,000. Rice and Visage were back as judges on the panel. The winner of season 5 was Jinkx Monsoon, with Ivy Winters winning Miss Congeniality.
Season 6 began airing February 24, 2014. Like season 5, season 6 saw 14 contestants competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar". For the first time in the show's history, the season premiere was split into two episodes; the fourteen queens are split into two groups and the seven queens in each group compete against one another before being united as one group in the third episode. Rice and Visage returned as judges at the panel. Two new pit crew members, Miles Moody and Simon Sherry-Wood, joined Carter and Morales. The winner won a prize package that included a supply from Colorevolution Cosmetics and a cash prize of $100,000. The winner of season 6 was Bianca Del Rio, with BenDeLaCreme winning Miss Congeniality.
Season 7 began airing on March 2, 2015. Returning judges included RuPaul and Visage, while the space previously occupied by Rice was filled by new additions Ross Mathews and Carson Kressley. Mathews and Kressley were both present for the season premiere and then took turns sharing judging responsibilities. Morales and Simon Sherry-Wood did not appear this season and were replaced by Bryce Eilenberg. Like the previous two seasons, this one featured fourteen contestants competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar", a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics, and a cash prize of $100,000. The season premiere debuted with a live and same-day viewership of 348,000, a 20 percent increase from the previous season. On March 20, 2015, it was announced that Logo had given the series an early renewal for an eighth season. The winner of season 7 was Violet Chachki, with Katya winning Miss Congeniality.
Season 8 on began airing on March 7, 2016, with cast members announced during the NewNowNext Honors on February 1, 2016. Visage returned as a main judge, while Kressley and Mathews returned as rotating main judges. The first episode celebrated the 100th taping of the show, and the 100th drag queen to compete. Similar to season 2, this season had twelve contestants competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar", a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics, and a cash prize of $100,000. The winner of season 8 was Bob the Drag Queen, with Cynthia Lee Fontaine winning Miss Congeniality.

 Seasons 9–14 (2017–2022): VH1 

Season 9 began airing on March 24, 2017 on VH1, with cast members being announced on February 2, 2017. Visage returned as a main judge, while Kressley and Mathews returned as rotating main judges. This season features fourteen contestants competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar", a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics, and a cash prize of $100,000. The ninth season aired on VH1, with encore presentations continuing to air on Logo. This season featured the return of Cynthia Lee Fontaine, who previously participated in the season 8. Season 9 featured a top four in the finale episode, as opposed to the top three, which was previously established in season 4. The winner of season 9 was Sasha Velour, with Valentina winning Miss Congeniality.
Season 10 began airing on March 22, 2018. Visage returned as a main judge, while Kressley and Mathews returned as rotating main judges. This season features thirteen new contestants, and one returning contestant, competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar", a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics, and a cash prize of $100,000. Eureka O'Hara, who was removed from the ninth season due to an injury, returned to the show after she accepted an open invitation. Season 10 premiered alongside the televised return of Untucked. The tenth season featured a top four following the previous season's finale format. The winner of season 10 was Aquaria, with Monét X Change winning Miss Congeniality.
Season 11 began airing February 28, 2019. This season had fifteen contestants, whereas previous seasons typically had fourteen contestants. Visage returned as a main judge, while Kressley and Mathews returned as rotating main judges. This season features fourteen new contestants, and one returning contestant, competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar", a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics, and a cash prize of $100,000. This season saw the return of Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, who was the first contestant eliminated in season 10. Season 11 again featured a top four in the finale. As with season 10, each week's episode was followed by an episode of the televised return of RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked. The winner of season 11 was Yvie Oddly, with Nina West winning Miss Congeniality. On January 22, 2019, casting for Season 12 (2020) was announced via YouTube and Twitter and was closed on March 1, 2019. On August 19, 2019, it was announced that the series had been renewed for a twelfth season. The season began airing on February 28, 2020. This is the first and only season to have the reunion and finale recorded virtually from the contestants' homes due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The winner of season 12 was Jaida Essence Hall, with Heidi N Closet winning Miss Congeniality.

On December 2, 2019, casting for Season 13 (2021) was announced via YouTube and Twitter. The casting call closed on January 24, 2020. On August 20, 2020, it was announced the thirteenth season had been ordered by VH1. It began airing on January 1, 2021. The winner of season 13 was Symone, with Kandy Muse as runner-up, and LaLa Ri as Miss Congeniality.
Casting for Season 14 began on November 23, 2020. In August 2021, it was announced the fourteenth season had been ordered by VH1. The cast for the fourteenth season was revealed through VH1 on December 2, 2021. The season started airing on January 7, 2022. The season welcomed Maddy Morphosis, the show's first heterosexual, cisgender male contestant. The season notably also featured five transgender contestants: Kerri Colby and Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté (both of whom entered the competition openly trans), Jasmine Kennedie (who came out as a trans woman during filming of the show), Bosco (who also came out as a trans woman as the season aired), and Willow Pill (who came out as trans femme as the season aired). The winner of season 14 was Willow Pill, with Lady Camden as runner-up, and Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté as Miss Congeniality. The winning queen received a cash prize of $150,000, the highest amount awarded to date in a regular season. The runner-up received a $50,000 cash prize.Casting for Season 15 began on November 4, 2021, and closed on January 7, 2022.

 Seasons 15– (2023–): MTV 
Season 15 premiered on January 6, 2023, on MTV. This season features the largest cast in the show's history, with sixteen queens competing and the largest cash prize, with the winner earning $200,000. It is also the first season to feature biological relatives, twins Sugar and Spice. The winner of season 15 was Sasha Colby, with Anetra as runner-up, and Malaysia Babydoll Foxx as Miss Congeniality. Season 16 premiered on January 5, 2024, on MTV.

 Contestants 

More than 200 contestants have competed on the U.S. version of the show.

 Spin-offs 

 Specials 
RuPaul's Drag Race: Green Screen Christmas (2015): On December 13, 2015, Logo aired a seasonal themed episode of Drag Race. The non-competitive special was released in conjunction with RuPaul's holiday album Slay Belles and featured music videos for songs from the album. The cast included RuPaul, Michelle Visage, Siedah Garrett, and Todrick Hall, and former contestants Alyssa Edwards, Laganja Estranja, Latrice Royale, Raja, and Shangela.
RuPaul's Drag Race Holi-slay Spectacular (2018): On November 1, 2018, VH1 announced a seasonal themed special episode of Drag Race scheduled to air on December 7, 2018. The special saw eight former contestants compete for the title of "America's first Drag Race Christmas Queen". Competitors included Eureka O'Hara, Jasmine Masters, Kim Chi, Latrice Royale, Mayhem Miller, Shangela, Sonique, and Trixie Mattel.
RuPaul's Drag Race: Corona Can't Keep a Good Queen Down (2021): On February 26, 2021, the one hour special aired on VH1 in between episodes 8 and 9 of Season 13 and detailed the contestants' journeys with filming the season amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.

 Television series 
RuPaul's Drag U (2010–2012): In each episode, three women are paired with former Drag Race contestants ("Drag Professors"), who give them drag makeovers and help them to access their "inner divas".
RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars (2012–present): Past contestants return and compete for a spot in the Drag Race Hall of Fame. The show's format is similar to that of RuPaul's Drag Race, with challenges and a panel of judges.
Dancing Queen (2018): In April 2013, RuPaul confirmed that he planned to executive-produce a spin-off of Drag Race that stars season five and All Stars season two contestant Alyssa Edwards. Alyssa Edwards has confirmed that the spin-off's title is Beyond Belief (later retitled as Dancing Queen), and that his dance company in Mesquite, Texas is the setting. The series aired on Netflix on October 5, 2018.
RuPaul's Secret Celebrity Drag Race (2020–Present): On April 10, 2020, VH1 announced a celebrity edition of Drag Race scheduled to air for four weeks beginning on April 24, 2020. The series featured a trio of celebrities receiving makeovers from former contestants. After receiving help from "Queen Supremes" Alyssa Edwards, Asia O'Hara, Bob the Drag Queen, Kim Chi, Monét X Change, Monique Heart, Nina West, Trinity the Tuck, Trixie Mattel and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, the celebrities competed in fan-favorite challenges and on the runway to be named "America's Next Celebrity Drag Race Superstar" and prize money for choice charities.
RuPaul's Drag Race: Vegas Revue (2020): On July 22, 2020, it was announced that a docu-series would premiere on August 21, 2020.

 International adaptations 

The Switch Drag Race (2015–2018): This licensed glocalization of Drag Race premiered in October 2015 on Chilean television channel Mega. As in Drag Race, queens compete in "mini-challenges" and a main challenge and are evaluated by a panel of judges. Similar to Drag Race, The Switch requires contestants to lip-sync, dance, and perform impersonations.
Drag Race Thailand (2018–present): In October 2017, Kantana Group acquired the rights to produce its own version of Drag Race. Season 1 of Drag Race Thailand was met with successful ratings on Thai television. It was later announced that the first season will premiere in the U.S. in May 2018. The first season also made stirs in the Asian LGBT community, the most prominent of which was a campaign to establish versions of Drag Race in the Philippines and Taiwan as well, two of the most LGBT-accepting nations in Asia.
RuPaul's Drag Race UK (2019–present): On December 5, 2018, it was announced that the British version of RuPaul's Drag Race would be an eight-part series filmed in London based on local drag queens and would air on BBC Three in 2019. Visage confirmed via social media that she would appear as a judge.
Canada's Drag Race (2020–present): On June 27, 2019, OutTV and Bell Media's streaming service Crave announced that they had co-commissioned a Canadian version of Drag Race. Rights to the series, as well as the U.S. and British versions, will be shared by OutTV and Crave. Additionally, season 11 runner-up Brooke Lynn Hytes was confirmed as one of the judges, becoming the first Drag Race contestant to serve as a permanent judge. The show premiered on July 2, 2020.
Drag Race Holland (2020–2021): A Dutch version of Drag Race was announced on July 26, 2020. The series debuted on Videoland in The Netherlands, and aired on WOW Presents Plus internationally. The show is hosted by Fred van Leer and premiered September 18, 2020.
RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under (2021–present): On August 26, 2019, an Oceanic version was announced to be in production and said to air in 2020, but was likely delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Filming began in Auckland, New Zealand in January 2021. The series premiered on TVNZ 2 and TVNZ OnDemand in New Zealand, Stan in Australia, and on WOW Presents Plus internationally on 1 May 2021. The judging panel features RuPaul, Michelle Visage, and Rhys Nicholson.
Drag Race España (2021–present): On November 16, 2020, Atresmedia announced that they would produce a Spanish version of Drag Race together with Buendía Estudios after reaching an agreement with Passion Distribution in favour of World of Wonder. The series debuted on Atresmedia's pay streaming service ATRESplayer Premium on 30 May 2021, and aired on WOW Presents Plus internationally. It is hosted by Supremme de Luxe.
Drag Race Italia (2021–present): An Italian version of Drag Race was announced on June 30, 2021. The series debuted in November 2021 on Discovery+.
Drag Race France (2022–present): On November 17, 2021, a French version of Drag Race was announced.
Drag Race Philippines (2022–present): On August 17, 2021, a Filipino version of Drag Race was announced. The series debuted on August 17, 2022 on Discovery+ and HBO Go in the Philippines and aired on WOW Presents Plus internationally.
Drag Race Belgique (2023): A Belgian version of Drag Race was announced on April 29, 2022 and is set to broadcast February 16, 2023 on Tipik and to stream on WOW Presents Plus internationally.
Drag Race Sverige (2023): A Swedish version of Drag Race was announced on April 5, 2022 to broadcast on Sveriges Television and stream on WOW Presents Plus.
Drag Race México (2023): Announced on December 12, 2022. It premiered in June 2023 on MTV and Paramount+ for México and South America and WOW Present Plus internationally. It is hosted by Valentina and Lolita Banana.
Drag Race Brasil (2023): Announced on December 12, 2022.
Drag Race Germany (2023): Announced on December 12, 2022.

 Other media 
Feature film: In August 2015, RuPaul revealed that a movie featuring all of the contestants was in the works. "We've got a director for it, we've got a light script, but it just needs a little more retooling and scheduling."
RuPaul's Drag Race Superstar is a mobile app by World of Wonder and Leaf Mobile's subsidiary East Side Games, which was released on October 25, 2021.

 Home media 
Full seasons of shows in the Drag Race franchise are available to stream on WOW Presents Plus in over 200 territories. The show is also currently available on the following streaming platforms:

United States — Hulu (seasons 2–9; All Stars 1–4); Paramount Plus (seasons 1–14, All Stars 1–8, Untucked seasons 9–13, All Stars Untucked seasons 2–5), WOW Presents Plus (Untucked seasons 7–9, Thailand season 2, and all other international series)
Canada — Netflix (seasons 1–12, All Stars 4, Untucked seasons 11 and 12), Crave (all seasons, All Stars 1–6, UK series 1–3, Canada season 1 and 2, Down Under season 1), WOW Presents Plus (seasons 1–10, Untucked seasons 1–10, All Stars 1–4)
UK & Ireland — Netflix (seasons 11-13, Untucked seasons 11–13, All Stars 4-6, Celebrity season 1), BBC iPlayer (UK series 1,2 and 3, Canada season 1 and 2, Down Under season 1), WOW Presents Plus (seasons 1–10, Untucked seasons 1–10, all episodes of All Stars and Holland)
Australia — Stan (all seasons of original, All Stars, Untucked, UK, Canada, Down Under and Thailand Season 2), WOW Presents Plus (UK series 1, Canada season 1)

 Reception 

 Critical response 
Thrillist called Drag Race "the closest gay culture gets to a sports league". In 2019, the TV series was ranked 93rd on The Guardian's list of the 100 best TV shows of the 21st century.Shannon Keating for BuzzFeed News wrote about the show’s “subversive, irreverent beginnings” briefly turning “comfortably mainstream... humdrum and derivative” prior to season 13’s release. She recalls that a flurry of political disputes, as well as “overexposure”, threatened to ruin Drag Race’s legacy before the refreshed 2021 season.Coleman Splide for The Daily Beast wrote in 2021 that “RuPaul has continually allowed the legacy of his subversive landmark reality show to be slowly chipped away at”. Though Splide states that the show is “a critical part of bringing empowering inclusivity to the forefront of mainstream culture”, he maintains that it also invites indignation from an ever-expanding and oftentimes toxic fanbase, as well as contributing to the increasingly capitalised nature of pride celebrations around the globe.

 Accolades 

RuPaul's Drag Race has been nominated for thirty-nine Emmy Awards, and won twenty-four. It has also been nominated for nine Reality Television Awards, winning three, and nominated for six NewNowNext Awards, winning three.

 Controversy 
In March 2014, Drag Race sparked controversy over the use of the term "shemale" in the season 6 mini challenge "Female or She-male?". Logo has since removed the segment from all platforms and addressed the allegations of transphobia by removing the "You've got she-mail" intro from new episodes of the series. This was replaced with, "She done already done had herses!"RuPaul additionally came under fire for comments made in an interview with The Guardian, in which he stated he would "probably not" allow a transgender contestant to compete. He compared transgender drag performers to doping athletes on his Twitter, and has since apologized. Sasha Velour (season 9) disagreed, tweeting "My drag was born in a community full of trans women, trans men, and gender non-conforming folks doing drag. That's the real world of drag, like it or not. I thinks it's fabulous and I will fight my entire life to protect and uplift it".

 Relationship with the trans community 
For the first twelve seasons, RuPaul would say, "Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win," before the contestants' runway looks for the episode were shown. When season 13 introduced the show's first ever transgender male contestant, Gottmik, RuPaul's catchphrase was changed in order to promote inclusivity: "Racers, start your engines, and may the best drag queen win." In season 6 of All Stars, an altered version of the show's opening theme was introduced with the new tag line.
Performers of any sexual orientation and gender identity are eligible to audition, although most contestants to date have been gay, cisgender men. Transgender competitors have become more common as seasons have progressed; Sonique, a season two contestant, became the first openly trans contestant when she came out as a woman during the reunion special. Sonique later won All Stars 6, becoming the first trans woman to win an English-language version of the show and the second overall. Monica Beverly Hillz (season 5) became the first contestant to come out as a trans woman during the competition. Peppermint (season 9) is the first contestant who was out as a trans woman prior to the airing of her season. Other trans contestants came out as women after their elimination, including Carmen Carrera, Kenya Michaels, Stacy Layne Matthews, Jiggly Caliente, Gia Gunn, Laganja Estranja, Gigi Goode, and Adore Delano. Additionally, Gottmik (season 13) was the first AFAB and openly transgender male contestant in the franchise's history. Various contestants have come out as non-binary as well, such as Jinkx Monsoon.Season 14 is the first regular season to feature five transgender women in the cast—Kerri Colby, Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté, Bosco, Jasmine Kennedie, and Willow Pill. While Kerri Colby and Kornbread entered the show openly trans, Bosco and Willow came out after the show's taping, and Jasmine Kennedie came out in episode 7 of Untucked.

 Broadcast 
Australia: In Australia, lifestyle channel LifeStyle YOU regularly showed and re-screened seasons 1–7, including Untucked. In addition, free-to-air channel SBS2 began screening the first season on August 31, 2013. On March 13, 2017, it was announced that on-demand service Stan would fast-track season 9 (including Untucked). As of 2020, Stan streams all seasons since Season 1, as well as Untucked, All Stars, All Stars Untucked, Canada's Drag Race, Secret Celebrity, Drag Race UK and Season 2 of Drag Race Thailand.
Canada: The series airs on OutTV in Canada at the same time as the US airing. Unlike Logo, OutTV continues to broadcast Untucked immediately after each Drag Race episode. Beginning with season 12, OutTV has shared its first-run rights to the main series (but not Untucked) with the more widely subscribed Crave streaming service, with episodes available on Crave shortly after they premiere on OutTV, in connection with Crave and OutTV's co-production of Canada's Drag Race. Past seasons are also available on Netflix in Canada, with each season released there shortly before the next season begins.
Ireland: In Ireland, season 2 to season 8 of the programme were available on Netflix; as of the release of Season 10, only seasons 8 & 9 are available. Netflix has started airing season 10 episodes one day after they air in the USA. All seasons of the show have been made available on Netflix since October 2018
Indonesia: In Indonesia, season 1 to season 13 of the programme were available on Netflix, alongside the Christmas spectacular; As of the release of All Stars, only season 4 and 5 is available. Netflix also aired Untucked season 10 episodes one day after they air in the USA.
UK: E4 aired season 1 in 2009, followed by season 2 in 2010. Since its success on Netflix in the UK, TruTV acquired the broadcast rights for all eight seasons of the show including Untucked episodes. In June 2015, TruTV started airing two episodes of the show a week, starting with season 4, followed by All Stars, then season 5. As of May 2018, the series airs on VH1 UK Monday–Thursday at 11pm, beginning with All Stars season 3.
Israel: Yes has broadcast all seasons and Untucked episodes. Seasons 1–12, All Stars seasons 4–5 and Untucked seasons 11–12 are also available on Netflix.

 Discography 

 See also 
List of reality television programs with LGBT cast members
List of Rusicals
LGBT culture in New York City
Paris Is Burning (film)

 References 

 External links 

Official website
RuPaul's Drag Race at IMDb 
RuPaul's Drag Race on Facebook
Edgar, E. (2011). "Xtravaganza!": Drag Representation and Articulation in "RuPaul's Drag Race". Studies in Popular Culture,34(1), 133–146. Retrieved from "Xtravaganza!": Drag Representation and Articulation in "RuPaul's Drag Race"

Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score
The Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score is a Golden Globe Award presented by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA), an organization of journalists who cover the United States film industry, but are affiliated with publications outside North America, since its institution in 1947. 

 History 
Since the 5th Golden Globe Awards (1947), the award is presented annually, except from 1953 to 1958. The nominations from 1947 and 1948 are not available. The first Best Original Score award went to Max Steiner for his compositional work on Life with Father.
John Williams is the artist with the most nominations (24); those resulted in 4 wins. Dimitri Tiomkin had the same number of wins, but out of only 5 nominations. Other notable achievers include Maurice Jarre (10 nominations, 4 wins), Alan Menken (5 nominations, 3 wins), Hans Zimmer (15 nominations, 3 wins),  Justin Hurwitz (3 nominations, 3 wins) and Alexandre Desplat (11 nominations, 2 wins). 
Artists like Jerry Goldsmith (9 nominations) and Michel Legrand (7 nominations) were nominated several times but never received the award. Dimitri Tiomkin, Alan Menken and Howard Shore are the only composers to win two consecutive awards. Additionally, Dimitri Tiomkin received Special Achievement Awards for his services to film music in 1955 and 1957, as did Hugo Friedhofer in 1958. The most recent recipient of this award was Justin Hurwitz for the film Babylon.

 Winners and nominees 
Key

 1940s 

 1950s 

 1960s 

 1970s 

 1980s 

 1990s 

 2000s 

 2010s 

 2020s 

 Multiple wins 
4 wins;

Dimitri Tiomkin
John Williams3 wins;

Justin Hurwitz
Maurice Jarre
Alan Menken
Ennio Morricone
Hans Zimmer2 wins;

Elmer Bernstein
Alexandre Desplat
Frederick Loewe
Giorgio Moroder
Trent Reznor
Atticus Ross
Howard Shore

 See also 
Academy Award for Best Original Score
BAFTA Award for Best Film Music
Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Score
Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media
Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media

 Notes 
1.^  The year indicates the period for which the awards are given and not the year in which the ceremony took place.

 References 
Specific
General"HFPS Golden Globes Page". Hollywood Foreign Press Association. Archived from the original on 2007-07-15. Retrieved 2007-07-02.

Let It Go
"Let It Go" is a song from Disney's 2013 computer-animated feature film Frozen, whose music and lyrics were composed by husband-and-wife songwriting team Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez. The song was performed in its original show-tune version in the film by American actress and singer Idina Menzel in her vocal role as Queen Elsa. It was later released as a single, being promoted to adult contemporary radio by Walt Disney Records in January 2014. Anderson-Lopez and Lopez also composed a simplified pop version (with shorter lyrics and background chorus) which was performed by actress and singer Demi Lovato over the start of the film's closing credits. Disney's music division planned to release Lovato's version of the song before Menzel's, as they did not consider Menzel's version a traditional pop song. A music video was released separately for Lovato's version.
The song was a commercial success, becoming the first song from a Disney animated musical to reach the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100 since 1995, when Vanessa L. Williams's "Colors of the Wind" from Pocahontas peaked at number four on the chart. The song is also Menzel's first single to reach the top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, making her the first Tony Award winner for acting to ever reach the top 10. The song was the ninth-best-selling song of 2014 in the United States, with 3.37 million copies sold in that year. As of December 2014, the song had sold 3.5 million copies in the US. It was the biggest-selling foreign song from any original soundtrack in South Korea as of March 12, 2014.The song presents Queen Elsa, who flees her kingdom when she publicly loses control of her ability to generate ice. Up in the mountains and away from the townspeople, Elsa realizes that she no longer needs to hide her ability and rejoices in not only being able to use her power freely but also the freedom from others' expectations of her as a royal. She sheds her royal accessories, creates a living snowman, and builds an 
ice castle for herself.
"Let It Go" reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and won both the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 2014 and the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media in 2015. The song gained international recognition, becoming one of the most globally recorded Disney songs, with versions sung in 25 languages for the film's international releases.According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, "Let It Go" sold 10.9 million copies in 2014, becoming the year's fifth best-selling song.A remix EP was released digitally by Walt Disney Records on May 19, 2014. The EP features four remixes by Dave Audé, Papercha$er, DJ Escape & Tony Coluccio and Corbin Hayes. Armin van Buuren produced another remix of the song for the remix album, Dconstructed.

 History and use in Frozen 

 Background and composition 
The Daily Telegraph explained that instead of the villain originally envisioned by the producers, the songwriters saw Elsa as "a scared girl struggling to control and come to terms with her gift." When interviewed in January 2014 by John August and Aline Brosh McKenna, Frozen director Jennifer Lee gave her recollection of the song's conception: "Bobby and Kristen said they were walking in Prospect Park, and they just started talking about what would it feel like [to be Elsa]. Forget villain. Just what it would feel like. And this concept of letting out who she is[,] that she's kept to herself for so long[,] and she's alone and free, but then the sadness of the fact [sic] that the last moment is she's alone. It's not a perfect thing, but it's powerful.""Let It Go" was the first song written by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez for the film that made it in, since songs composed earlier were eventually cut. The story outline they were given had a place reserved for "Elsa's Badass Song", which was what they were trying to write. The duo took inspiration from the songs of the Disney Renaissance such as The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast and various artists including Adele, Aimee Mann, Avril Lavigne (whose 2002 debut album incidentally  is titled Let Go), Lady Gaga, and Carole King. The song finally began to gel one day as the couple walked together from their home in Park Slope to nearby Prospect Park while they were "thinking from an emo kind of place." Anderson-Lopez explained what happened next: "We went for a walk in Prospect Park and threw phrases at each other. What does it feel like to be the perfect exalted person, but only because you've held back this secret? Bobby came up with 'kingdom of isolation,' and it worked." Lopez was able to improvise the song's first four lines on the spot. Back at their home studio, they composed the rest of the song by alternating between improvising melodies on a piano and brainstorming lyrics on a whiteboard, and finished it within a single day."Let It Go" is a power ballad and musical number in the key of A-flat major overall, but begins in the relative minor (F minor). The song is in quadruple meter, and has a fast tempo of around 137 beats per minute (allegro). The song's vocal range spans from F3 to E♭5. Anderson-Lopez and Lopez specifically wrote the song for Idina Menzel, referring to her as "one of the most glorious voices of Broadway and an icon in musical theater." Menzel's vocal range was taken under consideration during the music's composition, as she was well able to span three octaves. The song was originally written a half-step lower, in the key of G. During recording, Menzel felt it sounded "womanly" and "sultry" and suggested raising the key to make it more "innocent and juvenile", which also made it more challenging to perform.

 Recording 
For each song they created, including "Let It Go", Anderson-Lopez and Lopez recorded a demo in their studio, then emailed it to the Disney Animation production team in Burbank for discussion at their next videoconference. After the film's release, Anderson-Lopez was shown an "explicitly honest" fan version of the song with very colorful lyrics, and in response, she noted that in the videoconferences she herself had used similarly candid language to describe Elsa's mindset at that point in the plot: "After a while, Chris Montan, the head of music at Disney, would be like, 'Whoa, language!'" She also disclosed that Disney Animation's Chief Creative Officer John Lasseter (who served as executive producer for Frozen) was so taken with "Let It Go" that he played her original demo of the song in his car for months.Once approved, the song's piano-vocal score, along with the rest of their work for Frozen, was eventually forwarded to arranger David Metzger at his home studio in Salem, Oregon, who orchestrated their work into a lush sound suitable for recording by a full orchestra at the Eastwood Scoring Stage on the Warner Bros. studio lot in Burbank at the end of July 2013. The song's vocal track was recorded separately prior to orchestration at Sunset Sound in Hollywood, with the piano track from the demo playing into Menzel's headphones. That piano track, played by Lopez himself, was not re-recorded by a session musician at the orchestral recording session; it is the same piano track heard in the final mix of the song.

 Character rewrite and film sequence 
Although unintentional, the song's composition was pivotal in the film's characterization of Elsa. Although Elsa was originally written as a villain, co-directors Chris Buck and Lee gradually rewrote Elsa into one of the film's protagonists after "Let It Go" was composed. About that, Lee later explained, "the minute we heard the song the first time, I knew that I had to rewrite the whole movie." Buck further clarified: "Jen had to go back and rewrite some pages in the first act to build up to that scene..... You have to set it up well enough in advance so that when the song comes, the audience is ready for it and there's an emotional payoff."When it came to animating Elsa's scenes for the song, Lopez and Anderson-Lopez insisted on the particular detail that Elsa should slam the palace doors on the audience at the song's end, which they acknowledged was similar to the ending of the Broadway musical Sweeney Todd. Lopez explained that they wanted that feeling of how "this character doesn't need us anymore," because he had always loved that feeling "when a character just kind of malevolently looks at you and slams a door in your face," although in the final version, Elsa's facial expression ended up as more of a "sly smile". According to Lopez, it was the last line at the end, "the cold never bothered me anyway," that was "our little Avril Lavigne line".On December 6, 2013, Walt Disney Animation Studios released a video of the entire "Let It Go" sequence as seen in the movie, which has over 870 million views as of November 2023 on YouTube. On January 30, 2014, a sing-along version of the sequence was released and has received more than 3.2 billion views on YouTube as of November 2023, and is one of the platform's 40 most-viewed videos.

 International versions 
Besides the original English version, Disney Character Voices International arranged for Frozen to be dubbed into another 41 languages and dialects worldwide, to which 3 more versions were added in the following years, raising the number of official versions to 44. A major challenge was to find sopranos capable of matching Menzel's warm vocal tone and vocal range in their native languages. Rick Dempsey, senior executive at Disney Character Voices International regarded the process as "exceptionally challenging", explaining, "It's a difficult juggling act to get the right intent of the lyrics and also have it match rhythmically to the music. And then you have to go back and adjust for lip sync! [It]... requires a lot of patience and precision".On January 22, 2014, Disney released a multi-language version of the "Let It Go" musical sequence, which featured vocal performances of 25 different voice actresses who portrayed Elsa in their respective dubbing versions of the film. At the annual meeting of the shareholders of the Walt Disney Company on March 18, 2014, in Portland, Oregon, chairman and chief executive officer Bob Iger praised the team who did "an incredible job casting fantastic international talent so that Frozen truly belongs to the world," then showed the entire multi-language video clip of "Let It Go" to the assembled shareholders. On March 31, 2014, an in-studio multi-language video of the song was released, showing singers of 25 different languages recording their versions of "Let It Go".On April 15, 2014, Walt Disney Records released a compilation album titled Let It Go: The Complete Set, with all 42 foreign-language film versions of "Let It Go" and nine end credit versions.The Italian version, along with the whole Italian adaptation of the movie, was awarded the best foreign dubbing worldwide.In South Korea, the Korean version of the song by Hye Na Park reached number 80 on the Gaon Music Chart in March, while the Japanese versions of the song performed by Takako Matsu reached number 2 on the Japan Hot 100 after the film's Japanese release in March 2014 and was certified a million for digital downloads in Japan in May 2014.
And Dikky An who cover in Filipino Bumitaw.

 Reception 

 Critical reception 
"Let It Go" received widespread acclaim from film critics, music critics, and audiences, with some comparing it favorably to "Defying Gravity" (also performed by Menzel) from the Broadway musical Wicked. The Rochester City Newspaper called it the best song of the film's soundtrack, writing; "Performed with belty gusto by Idina Menzel, it's got every element needed to be a lasting favorite. ... Menzel should be credited for providing as much power and passion to this performance as she did in her most famous role." Entertainment Weekly's Marc Snetiker described the song as "an incredible anthem of liberation" while Joe Dziemianowicz of New York Daily News called it "a stirring tribute to girl power and the need to 'let go' of fear and shame".On the other hand, Jim DeRogatis and Greg Kot of the radio show Sound Opinions criticized the song; DeRogatis labeled it "schlock", and Kot described it as a "clichéd piece of fluff that you would have heard on a Broadway soundtrack from maybe the fifties or the sixties".By spring 2014, many journalists had observed that after watching Frozen, numerous young children in the United States were becoming unusually obsessed with the film's music, and with "Let It Go" in particular. Columnist Yvonne Abraham of The Boston Globe called the song "musical crack" which "sends kids into altered states." A similar phenomenon was described in the United Kingdom.

 Perceived parallels 
Some viewers outside the film industry, including one evangelical pastor and commentators, believe that the film is a promotion for the normalization of homosexuality, while others have argued that the character of Elsa is a representation of positive LGBT youth and the song is a metaphor for coming out. The LGBT community, however, had a mixed reaction to these claims. When Frozen co-director Jennifer Lee was asked about the purported gay undertones, she stated that the film's meaning was open to interpretation: "I feel like once we hand the film over, it belongs to the world, so I don't like to say anything, and let the fans talk. I think it's up to them." Lee added that the film's meaning was also inevitably going to be interpreted within the cultural context of being made in the year 2013.Another interpretation for the song and the movie is that they promote self-affirmation for people with disabilities, especially those on the autism spectrum. Co-writer Kristen Andersen-Lopez has stated that her younger brother has autistic traits and that inspired the song insofar as it deals with the concept of having a "special sibling."In November 2017, Chilean pop singer Jaime Ciero sued Disney, Idina Menzel, and Demi Lovato, claiming that "Let It Go" was extremely similar to his 2008 song "Volar". Ciero dropped the suit in May 2019.

 Accolades 

"Let It Go" won the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 86th Academy Awards, where a shortened rendition of the show-tune version was performed live by Menzel; with the award, Robert Lopez became one of few people to have won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony.

 Track listing 

 Charts 

 Certifications 

 Demi Lovato version 
The decision to release a single for "Let It Go" was made after the song was written and was presented to Disney. Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez selected American singer and former Disney Channel star Demi Lovato—who also appeared on Disney's Hollywood Records roster, until 2018—to cover the song on the soundtrack album. It was also included in the deluxe edition of Lovato's fourth studio album, Demi (2013).

 International versions 
Lovato's version was officially released in nine other languages, eight of which are included into "Let It Go the Complete Set": French, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Kazakh, Korean, Malay, Mandarin Chinese (China's version), Spanish (Latin American version) and Russian. The Indonesian pop version was released as leading single of We Love Disney, Indonesia. Anaïs Delva and Marsha Milan, who performed the song in French and Malay respectively, also voiced Elsa in the movie, performing the same song in its movie version.In South Korea, the pop version of the song by Hyolyn reached number six on the Gaon Music Chart in February, while the Japanese versions of the song, performed by May J., reached number 8 on the Japan Hot 100 after the film's Japanese release in March 2014 and was certified platinum for 250,000 downloads. May J. recorded a rearranged version of the song on her album Heartful Song Covers, which was released on March 26, 2014.

 Background, release, and composition 
Anderson-Lopez said that choosing Lovato was inspired by the singer's own past experiences, which were "similar to Elsa's journey of leaving a dark past and fear behind and moving forward with your power." Lovato indeed identified with the song's context, stating "It's so relatable. Elsa is finding her identity; she's growing into who she is and she's finally accepting her own strength and magical powers. Instead of hiding it, like she's done all her life, she's letting it go and embracing it."Lovato's cover version was released as a single by Walt Disney Records on October 21, 2013. While Menzel's version is performed in the key of A-flat major and a tempo of 137 beats per minute, Lovato's version is performed in the key of G major and a tempo of 140 beats per minute, with Lovato's vocal range spanning from the low note of G3 to the high note of E5. In this version, the line "Let the storm rage on" is omitted from the chorus, along with its unusual accompanying chord progression, and an extra "Let it go" is substituted in its place.

 Music video 
The music video was released on November 1, 2013. It was directed by Declan Whitebloom. It has received over 625 million views on YouTube as of November 2023.

 Live performances 
Lovato performed the song on several occasions. She first performed the track at the 2013 Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade. On November 13, 2014, Lovato performed the song at the 2014 Royal Variety Performance. The song was also a part of her setlist for The Neon Lights Tour and the Demi World Tour. In May 2015, Lovato performed the song at the 2nd Indonesian Choice Awards.

 Charts 

 Certifications 

 Other cover versions 
Many cover versions have been recorded internationally. In February 2014, Alex Boyé recorded a light Africanized tribal cover of the song, featuring the One Voice Children's Choir and Lexi Walker as Elsa.The Piano Guys' cover version mixes parts of Antonio Vivaldi's Concerto No. 4 in F minor, Op. 8, RV 297, "L'inverno" (Winter) from The Four Seasons into the original. The music videos of both covers were filmed in the ice castles in Midway, Utah.
French deathcore/metalcore band Betraying the Martyrs covered "Let It Go", as a single from their album Phantom in July 2014.In February 2014, a parody YouTuber by the name of Malinda Kathleen Reese used Google Translate to translate the song's lyrics between multiple languages and back to English, revealing expected humorous mistranslations, with lines such as "Let us very angry" and "Give up, tune in, slam the door."Actress Lea Michele sang the song as her character Rachel Berry in the first episode of the sixth and final season of the Fox musical comedy-drama television series Glee. Idina Menzel portrays Rachel's biological mother in the series.It has been alleged by some commentators that one of the promotional songs for the 2022 Winter Olympics, "The Snow and Ice Dance," has suspicious similarities with "Let It Go." A Chinese media outlet cited technical analysis of the two songs: Both songs employ a piano as the major instrument, have similar prelude chords and an eight-beat introduction, and they run at almost exactly the same tempo.Actress Maisie Williams sang the song in an Audi commercial that aired during the broadcast of Super Bowl LIV in early February 2020.During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine a video went viral around the world of a young child named Amelia Anisovych singing the song to families seeking refuge sheltering in a Kyiv basement. Kristen Anderson-Lopez (the song's co-writer) and Idina Menzel (who performed the song in the film) both tweeted support to the young girl.

 See also 
List of best-selling singles
List of number-one dance singles of 2014 (U.S.)

 References 

 External links 
Disney's Frozen "Let It Go" Sequence Performed by Idina Menzel on YouTube (on official Walt Disney Animation Studios channel)
Disney Sing-Along on YouTube (on Disney UK's official channel)

1903 in science
The year 1903 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below.

 Aeronautics 
June 27–19-year-old American socialite Aida de Acosta becomes the first woman to fly a powered aircraft solo when she pilots Santos-Dumont's motorized dirigible, "No. 9", from Paris to Château de Bagatelle in France.
December 17 – First documented, successful, controlled, powered flight of a heavier-than-air aircraft with a petrol engine by Orville Wright in the Wright Flyer at Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina.
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky begins a series of papers discussing the use of liquid fuel rockets to reach outer space, space suits, and colonization of the Solar System.

 Biology 
The type specimen of the vampire squid (Vampyroteuthis infernalis) is described by Carl Chun.
Fauna and Flora International is founded as the Society for the Preservation of the Wild Fauna of the Empire by a group of British naturalists and American statesmen in Africa.

 Chemistry 
Peter Cooper Hewitt demonstrates the mercury-vapour lamp.
Mikhail Semyonovich Tsvet invents chromatography, an important analytic technique.
The International Committee of Atomic Weights publishes the inaugural atomic weights report.

 Mathematics 
October – Frank Nelson Cole demonstrates that the Mersenne number 267-1, or M67, is composite by factoring it as 193,707,721 * 761,838,257,287.
Fast Fourier transform algorithm presented by Carle David Tolmé Runge.
Edmund Georg Hermann Landau gives considerably simpler proof of the prime number theorem.

 Physics 
George Darwin and John Joly claim that radioactivity is partially responsible for the Earth's heat.
Prosper-René Blondlot claims to have detected N rays.

 Physiology and medicine 
March–April – David Bruce identifies the parasitic Trypanosoma protist as the source of African trypanosomiasis ("sleeping sickness").
May 10 – Antoni Leśniowski publishes the first article implicating what will later be known as Crohn's disease, in the Polish weekly medical newspaper Medycyna.
Alfred Walter Campbell divides the cytoarchitecture of the human brain into 14 areas.
Ernest Fourneau synthesizes and patents Amylocaine, the first synthetic local anesthetic, under the name Stovaine at the Pasteur Institute.
Willem Einthoven discovers electrocardiography (ECG/EKG)
Percy Furnivall carries out the first known case of cardiac surgery in Britain.
The 12th and final edition of Dr Richard von Krafft-Ebing's Psychopathia Sexualis: eine Klinisch-Forensische Studie ("Sexual Psychopathy: a Clinical-Forensic Study") published during the author's lifetime introduces the term paedophilia erotica.
Formal opening of the Johnston Laboratories at the University of Liverpool, Liverpool, England.

 Technology 
November – Windscreen wiper for automobiles is first patented by Mary Anderson in the United States.
December 15 – Italo Marchiony from New York City patents an improved design of apparatus for baking ice cream cones.
The first diesel-powered ships are launched, both for inland waters: Petite-Pierre in France, powered by Dyckhoff-built diesels, and the tanker Vandal in Russia, powered by Swedish-built diesels with an electrical transmission.
Norwegian engineer Ægidius Elling builds the first gas turbine to generate power, using a centrifugal compressor.
Laminated glass is invented by Edouard Benedictus.
Baker valve gear for steam locomotives is first patented in the United States.
The Lune Valley boiler is patented by John G. A. Kitchen and Ludlow Perkins.

 Institutions 
June 28 – Deutsches Museum founded in Munich.

 Awards 
Nobel Prizes
Physics – Antoine Henri Becquerel, Pierre Curie, and Marie Curie
Chemistry – Svante August Arrhenius
Medicine – Niels Ryberg Finsen

 Births 
January 22 – Fritz Houtermans (died 1966), Danzig-born Dutch physicist.
January 27 – John Eccles (died 1997), Australian-born psychologist.
January 28 – Kathleen Lonsdale, née Yardley (died 1971), Irish-born crystallographer.
February 2 – Bartel Leendert van der Waerden (died 1996), Dutch mathematician.
February 22 – Frank P. Ramsey (died 1930), English mathematician.
April 6 – "Doc" Harold Eugene Edgerton ("Papa Flash", died 1990), American electrical engineer.
April 9 – Gregory Goodwin Pincus (died 1967), American biologist, co-inventor of the combined oral contraceptive pill.
April 25 – Andrey Kolmogorov (died 1987), Russian mathematician.
May 2 – Benjamin Spock (died 1998), American pediatrician and writer.
June 14 – Alonzo Church (died 1995), American mathematician.
July 16 – Irmgard Flügge-Lotz (died 1974), German-American mathematician and aerospace engineer
August 7 – Louis Leakey (died 1972), British East African paleoanthropologist.
October 4 – Cyril Stanley Smith (died 1992), English-born metallurgist.
October 5 – M. King Hubbert (died 1989), American geophysicist.
October 10 – Bei Shizhang (died 2009), Chinese biologist and founder of the Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
November 7 – Konrad Lorenz (died 1989), Austrian zoologist.
November 27 – Lars Onsager (died 1976), Norwegian-born chemist.
December 19 – George Davis Snell (died 1996), American mouse geneticist and basic transplant immunologist.
December 28 – John von Neumann (died 1957), Hungarian-born mathematician.

 Deaths 
February 1 – Sir George Stokes, 1st Baronet (born 1819), Anglo-Irish mathematician and physicist.
February 7 – James Glaisher (born 1809), English meteorologist and balloonist.
March 28 – Émile Baudot (born 1845), French telegraph engineer.
April 28 – J. Willard Gibbs (born 1839), American physical chemist.
June 14 – Carl Gegenbaur (born 1826), German anatomist.
July 21 – Henri Alexis Brialmont (born 1821), Belgian military engineer.
August 2 – Edmond Nocard (born 1850), French veterinarian and microbiologist.
August 27 – Kusumoto Ine (born 1827), pioneering Japanese woman physician.
November 8 – Vasily Dokuchaev (born 1846), Russian geologist.

 References 

Jeezy
Jay Wayne Jenkins (born September 28, 1977), known by his stage name Jeezy (or Young Jeezy), is an American rapper. He is credited, alongside fellow Georgia-based rappers T.I. and Gucci Mane, with pioneering the hip hop subgenre trap music for mainstream audiences. Jenkins began his career in 2001, releasing two independent albums until signing with Def Jam Recordings to release his major label debut, Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 (2005). The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, sold 172,000 copies in its first week, and received double platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The album also spawned his highest-charting single as a lead artist to date: "Soul Survivor" (featuring Akon), which peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100.His second and third albums, Thug Motivation 102: The Inspiration (2006) and The Recession (2008) were met with continued success as both peaked the Billboard 200; the latter earned Jenkins his first Grammy Award nomination for its lead single, "Put On" (featuring Kanye West). His albums TM:103 Hustlerz Ambition (2011), Seen It All: The Autobiography (2013), Church in These Streets (2015) followed thereafter; his ninth album, Trap or Die 3 (2016) peaked atop the chart once more. His other platinum-certified singles include "I Luv It", "Go Getta" (featuring R. Kelly), "My President" (featuring Nas), "Lose My Mind" (featuring Plies), and "Leave You Alone" (featuring Ne-Yo), among others. In addition, Jenkins has been featured on numerous R&B singles, including "Say I" by Christina Milian, "I'm So Paid" by Akon, "Hard" by Rihanna, and "Love in This Club" by Usher; the latter peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100 in 2008.
Along with his solo career, Jenkins is the de facto leader of the Southern hip hop group United Streets Dopeboyz of America (U.S.D.A.), and a former member of the Bad Boy Records group Boyz n da Hood. His record label, CTE World was formed in 2001 and has signed artists including YG and Freddie Gibbs.

 Biography 

 Early life and career beginnings (1977–2004) 
Jay Wayne Jenkins was born on September 28, 1977, in Columbia, South Carolina. When he was a toddler, Jenkins relocated to Atlanta, Georgia, where he lived with different family members, as a result of his parents separating. In an interview with XXL magazine, he described his childhood as "empty". At a point in time he lived in Hawkinsville, Georgia, at 600 N Lumpkin. He had lived in Macon, Georgia at an older age, where he befriended many Crip gang members and even affiliated himself with the Crips and started his affiliation with Kinky B, who helped his musical career.
In 1994, Jeezy spent nine months in YCA (Youth Challenge Academy), a boot camp in Fort Stewart, Georgia, for narcotics possession.  Four years later, in 1998, Jeezy launched the label imprint CTE World, then known as Corporate Thugz Entertainment.
In 2001, under the name Lil J, Young Jeezy released his first independent album, Thuggin' Under the Influence (T.U.I.),. The album included features from artists Freddy J., Kinky B, Fidank, and Lil Jon, who also produced some of the songs. In 2003, Jeezy independently released Come Shop wit Me, a two-CD set featuring new tracks along with some songs previously released on T.U.I. In 2004, Jeezy signed with Bad Boy Records and joined the group Boyz n da Hood, whose self-titled album was released in June 2005 and peaked at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
In May 2004, Jazze Pha's manager, Henry 'Noonie' Lee, showed Jeezy's demo to his friend Shakir Stewart, then Vice President Artist and Repertoire (VP A&R) at Def Jam. Stewart "fell in love with it [the demo] the first time [he] heard it" and took it to L.A. Reid. Reid recognized Jeezy's talent and gave Stewart the green light to sign him.  However,  due to Jeezy's rising popularity, other record labels began pursuing him simultaneously to sign with them, most notably, Warner and Interscope. Ultimately, Jeezy decided he wanted to be in business with Stewart and Reid and signed with Def Jam Records as a result.

 Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 (2005) 
Jeezy released his major label debut, Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101, on July 26, 2005. The album debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, selling 172,000 copies in its first week and was later certified Platinum by the RIAA. The debut single off his debut album, "And Then What" featured Mannie Fresh and reached No. 67 on the Billboard Hot 100. The second single off the album, "Soul Survivor" featuring Akon, reached No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 and would become Jeezy's highest-charting single of his career. The third single, "My Hood", reached No. 77 on the Billboard Hot 100. In an interview with HitQuarters, A&R Shakir Stewart said that Jeezy had recorded over 60 songs for the album.In interviews and on several records, Jeezy has affirmed his resistance to commercialism in his music. According to Jeezy, maintaining his street credibility, is of the utmost concern to him as an artist. In 2005, Jeezy was featured in several popular hip hop songs including Gucci Mane's "Icy" and Boyz n da Hood's "Dem Boyz". He would later leave the group after successfully establishing himself as a solo artist.

 The Inspiration and U.S.D.A. (2006–2007) 
In 2006, Jeezy was featured in Christina Milian's single "Say I". Later that year, on December 12, he released his second major label album, The Inspiration. It topped the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 352,000 copies and would go on to be certified Platinum by the RIAA. The album's first single, "I Luv It", peaked at No. 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and the second single, "Go Getta" featuring R. Kelly, peaked at No. 18.
Jeezy also extended himself into gaming, portraying himself in the 3D hip-hop fighting game Def Jam: Icon, released in March 2007. Also in 2007, Jeezy's group U.S.D.A (alongside Blood Raw and Slick Pulla) released their debut album, Cold Summer. The album debuted at number 4 on the Billboard 200, selling 95,000 copies in its first week.
On December 17, 2007, Jeezy and CTE started their week-long toy drive and charity event series called the Toyz N Da Hood Drive. The series presented 1,000 toys for 1,000 kids at various locations in Macon and Atlanta. The CTE Christmas Kickoff portion of the event ran from 10 pm to 5 am at Club Miami. The toy giveaway took place in the Unionville neighborhood of Macon and at the Old Fourth Ward Community in Atlanta.

 The Recession (2008) 
On September 2, 2008, Jeezy released The Recession, his third studio album and, what would be, his second consecutive number one album. It topped the Billboard 200, selling 260,000 copies in its first week and was later certified gold by the RIAA. The album's lead single, "Put On", featured Kanye West and reached No. 12 on the Billboard Hot 100. The Recession also earned Jeezy a Grammy Award nomination for Best Rap performance by a duo. Other singles off the album included "Vacation", "Crazy World", "My President" featuring Nas, and "Who Dat" featuring Shawty Redd.  Separately, Jeezy made appearances on Usher's  "Love in This Club" and Akon's "I'm So Paid", which was also with Lil Wayne. "Love in This Club" peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. Later, Jeezy performed on Ciara's single "Never Ever", from her album Fantasy Ride.In the summer of 2008, Jeezy was at the center of a controversy over his choice for president. While he had previously endorsed Barack Obama, during an interview with Vibe, Jeezy spoke about meeting and supporting John McCain. The statement caused a stir, and Jeezy quickly clarified his stance via a viral video. In the four-minute explanation, Jeezy made it clear that Obama was his main choice. "I represent the Democratic party. ... I've never been nor do I ever plan to be a John McCain supporter", the rapper said. "I support Barack Obama." Jeezy and Jay-Z performed in a concert to celebrate the inauguration of President Obama on January 18, 2009. On The O'Reilly Factor, commentator Bill O'Reilly criticized their performance as a "rant that offended people", but Jeezy responded: "I got white friends. It's nothing like that. I'm a taxpayer, I got a right to voice my opinion at any point in time. I don't think he really understands my struggle."

 TM:103 Hustlerz Ambition and Its Tha World (2010–2012) 
It was announced in November 2009 that Jeezy started working on Thug Motivation 103. In March 2010, it was reported that Young Jeezy dropped "Young" from his stage name. Later, Young Jeezy denied the name change and claimed it was just a rumor: However, on the cover for his single "Lose My Mind", his name is printed as "Jeezy". "Lose My Mind" peaked at No. 35 on the Billboard Hot 100.
On March 4, 2010, Jeezy released "Illin", featuring Pusha T of the rap duo Clipse. On the track, Pusha T raps, "No amount of record sales could derail this ...Stuffing dead prezzies in the wall like that Yale bitch..." This line was controversial as many felt the line was in bad taste since it references Yale student Annie Le, who was murdered in 2009. Many felt Young Jeezy and Pusha were making light of Le's tragic death.Nearly two years after first announcing work on Thug Motivation 103, on May 17, 2011, Jeezy released the first single off the album, "Ballin", which features Lil Wayne and peaked at No. 57 on the Billboard Hot 100. Two months later, on July 22, the second intended single off the album was released, a track called "Shake Life," although it was later scrapped. On July 26, 2011, Jeezy announced a September 20, 2011 release date for Thug Motivation 103. However the album was pushed back yet again, this time to December 20, 2011. On September 29, 2011, Jeezy released the third single off Thug Motivation 103, named "F.A.M.E." (Fake Ass Motherfuckers Envy), featuring T.I. The song was T.I.'s first appearance on a song since his release from prison. On December 20, 2011, Thug Motivation 103 was finally released. The album debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard 200, selling 233,000 copies in its first week, becoming certified Gold by the RIAA. "I Do" featuring André 3000 and Jay-Z was the album's fourth single; it peaked at No. 61 on the Billboard Hot 100. "Leave You Alone" featuring Ne-Yo was the album's fifth single and reached No. 51 on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2012, Young Jeezy's "I Do" received a Grammy nomination for Best Rap Performance.
In October 2012, Jeezy released a new single called "Get Right" on ITunes and sent it to radio. Shortly after the single's release, Jeezy confirmed he had plans to release a new mixtape by the end of 2012 as well as a new album in 2013. On December 12, 2012, Jeezy released It's Tha World, the aforementioned mixtape, hosted by DJ Drama. The mixtape features 2 Chainz, Trey Songz, Lil Boosie, Birdman, YG and E-40. Production came from Jahlil Beats, The Renegades, DJ Mustard, Warren G, Mike WiLL Made It, Cardo and Black Metaphor.

 Boss Yo Life Up Gang, Seen It All: The Autobiography and Church in These Streets (2013–2015) 
On August 13, 2013, Young Jeezy released a compilation mixtape titled Boss Yo Life Up Gang with CTE World artists, Doughboyz Cashout and YG . The mixtape has two singles, "My Nigga" by YG and "Mob Life" by Doughboyz Cashout, both of which Young Jeezy was featured on. On September 17, 2013, Jeezy premiered the first single "In My Head" produced by Childish Major, from his CTE collaboration mixtape "Its Tha World 2". The following day he announced plans to release his next album, saying it will more deeply detail his street origins. He revealed that Future, Usher, Ludacris, and Don Cannon would be involved in the album.On May 30, 2014, Jeezy released the first single "Me Ok" from his upcoming fifth studio album Seen It All: The Autobiography. On July 1, 2014, he released the second single, "Seen It All", featuring Jay-Z. On August 31, 2015, Jeezy announced that he would release a new project entitled Church in These Streets. Four singles were released and the project as a whole came on November 13, 2015. It debuted at No. 4 on the Billboard 200.

 Trap or Die 3, Pressure, TM104: The Legend of the Snowman and retirement (2016–2019) 
On October 28, 2016, Jeezy released his new album Trap or Die 3, which became available for pre-order on iTunes earlier that month. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, becoming Jeezy's third album to top the chart.On December 15, 2017, Jeezy released his eighth studio album Pressure (originally titled Snow Season).
On August 23, 2019, Jeezy released his ninth album, TM104: The Legend of the Snowman. It was planned to be his final album, as he wanted to venture into acting at the time.

 The Recession 2 (2020–2022) 
On November 20, 2020, Jeezy released his tenth studio album, The Recession 2. As with the original, The Recession, which was released 12 years prior, it is a reflection of the "current times", as Jeezy explained: "It just really inspired me to touch on some of that, but at the same time, motivate my people and give them something to help them through these times and to celebrate, because the shift is happening". The 15-track album features guest appearances from Rick Ross, Ne-Yo, Yo Gotti, E-40, and Demi Lovato, among others. The night before the album's release, Jeezy went live for a Verzuz against rival Gucci Mane. In addition to the album, he announced a limited series podcast called The (Re)Session Podcast.

 Snofall and Def Jam departure (2022-present) 
On September 30, 2022, Jeezy announced a mixtape to be released the following month to help fulfill his contract with Def Jam Recordings, the label that housed him for over eighteen years. On October 21, 2022, the mixtape, Snofall, hosted by Gangsta Grillz DJ Drama was released.On Halloween 2023, Jeezy confirmed via Instagram that his contract with Def Jam has been fulfilled, while announcing a double album titled I Might Forgive, But I Don't Forget, which was released on November 3.

 Personal life 
After Hurricane Katrina, Jeezy opened his house to victims, offering those who had been displaced from their homes a place to call home.Jeezy married Jeannie Mai in 2021. The birth of their first child and daughter was announced on January 11, 2022. He has three children from previous relationships.On September 14, 2023, Jeezy filed for divorce from Mai in Georgia's Superior Court of Fulton County, stating that “the marriage of the parties is irretrievably broken” and “there is no hope for reconciliation.”  He is also seeking joint legal custody of their daughter.

 Legal issues 
On March 11, 2005, Jeezy was arrested after an alleged shooting with some of his friends in Miami Beach, Florida. He was charged with two counts of carrying a concealed weapon without a permit; however, prosecutors dropped his charges two months later due to lack of evidence.In Atlanta on June 18, 2008, Young Jeezy was arrested for DUI.On April 16, 2013, Brian Smith filed a copyright infringement complaint seeking an injunction, damages, and attorney fees against Jay W. Jenkins d/b/a Young Jeezy Music and others in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, concerning the work "Jizzle"  which was released in July 2010.On August 27, 2013, Leroy Hutson also known as Lee Hutson Sr., former lead singer of 1970s R&B group The Impressions, filed a complaint against Young Jeezy and others alleging that Young Jeezy's song "Time" inappropriately incorporated the instrumental portion of  "Getting it On", which was registered with the United States Copyright Office in 1973.On January 4, 2014, Jeezy was arrested for battery, false imprisonment, and terrorist threats, after an alleged fight with his son in September 2012.On August 24, 2014, Jeezy was arrested before performing at the Irvine, California, stop on the Under The Influence Tour in connection with the deadly shooting two days prior in the backstage area,  on another stop of the tour in Mountain View, California. When the police raided Jeezy's tour bus, they found an AK-47 military-style assault rifle and guns on several members of his entourage. In total six people, including Jeezy were arrested, because "no one admitted to owning the assault rifle." His bail was set at one million dollars. On August 26, Jeezy, as well as the five other men he was arrested with, entered not guilty pleas to possession of an illegal assault rifle. Two days later, Jeezy and his associates bonded out. Officers were reportedly told repeatedly that the registered owner of the AK-47 was the tour security chief, who was hospitalized at the time.

 Discography 

 Studio albums 
Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 (2005)
Thug Motivation 102: The Inspiration (2006)
The Recession (2008)
TM103: Hustler'z Ambition (2011)
Seen It All: The Autobiography (2014)
Church in These Streets (2015)
Trap or Die 3 (2016)
Pressure (2017)
TM104: The Legend of the Snowman (2019)
The Recession 2 (2020)
I Might Forgive... But I Don't Forget (2023)

 Filmography 
2009: Janky Promoters
2019: I Got the Hook Up 2

 Awards 
American Music AwardsBET AwardsNote: "I'm So Hood (Remix)" with DJ Khaled, Ludacris, Busta Rhymes, Big Boi, Lil Wayne, Fat Joe, Birdman, & Rick RossBET Hip Hop AwardsNote: "I'm So Hood (Remix)" with DJ Khaled, Ludacris, Busta Rhymes, Big Boi, Lil Wayne, Fat Joe, Birdman, & Rick RossGrammy AwardOzone Awards

 References 

 External links 

Official website
Jeezy discography at Discogs

Karol Sevilla
Karol Itzitery Piña Cisneros (born November 9, 1999) known professionally as Karol Sevilla is a Mexican actress, singer and songwriter. She began her career as a child, in the Latin American telenovela La Rosa De Guadalupe and she played Luna Valente in the Disney Channel series Soy Luna (2016–18). She is also stars in the Disney+ Latin American series It Was Always Me.

 Life and career 
Karol Sevilla was born in Mexico City, and has an older brother named Mauricio. She attended the CEA Infantil from 2006 through 2008. Karol Sevilla began her artistic career in television commercials at the age of six. Since then, she has appeared in numerous television series including: Amorcito corazón, Como dice el dicho, and La rosa de Guadalupe. She has also appeared in musicals, including The Wizard of Oz, Fantabulosa, and Timbiriche. From 2016 to 2018, she played the role of Luna Valente in the series Soy Luna. In 2021, she was set to star in the Disney+ original drama series Siempre Fui Yo as Guadalupe Díaz.

 Filmography 

 Theater 

 Discography 

 Soundtrack albums 

 Singles 

 As lead artist 

 Promotional singles 

 Guest appearances 

 Tours 

 Headlining 
Que Se Pare el Mundo Tour (2018–2020)

 Co-headlining 
Soy Luna en Concierto (2016-2017)
Soy Luna Live (2017–2018)
Soy Luna en Vivo (2018)

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Karol Sevilla at Wikimedia Commons
Karol Sevilla on Instagram
Karol Sevilla at IMDb

BC Lions
The BC Lions are a professional Canadian football team based in Vancouver, British Columbia. The Lions compete in the West Division of the Canadian Football League (CFL), and play their home games at BC Place.
The Lions played their first season in 1954, and have played every season since, making them the oldest professional sports franchise in British Columbia. They have appeared in the league's Grey Cup championship game 10 times, winning six, with their most recent championship occurring in 2011.
The Lions were the first Western Canadian team to win the Grey Cup at home, doing so in 1994 and 2011, before Saskatchewan achieved the feat in 2013.  Also in 1994, the Lions became the first team to play and defeat an American-based franchise for the Grey Cup. The Lions hold the second-longest playoff streak in CFL history, making the postseason 20 consecutive seasons, from 1997 to 2016 (only Edmonton has had a longer playoff streak, going 34 seasons from 1972 to 2005). With the Winnipeg Blue Bombers Grey Cup win in 2019 after a 29-year wait, the Lions currently have the longest Grey Cup drought of the West Division teams, last winning in 2011.

 Team facts 
Founded: 1954
Name: the team is named for the Lions, a pair of mountain peaks overlooking the team's home city of Vancouver
Helmet design: black background, with an orange mountain lion's head
Uniform colours: Black, orange, fog grey, white
Nickname: Leos
Mascot: Leo the Lion
Fight song: "Roar, You Lions, Roar" composed by Dal Richards and His Orchestra
Stadiums: Empire Stadium (1954–1982), Empire Field (2010–2011) and BC Place Stadium (1983–2009, 2011–present)
Main rivals: Montreal Alouettes (Labour Day Classic) and Saskatchewan Roughriders
Western Division 1st place: 13—1963, 1964, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1987, 1999, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2011, and 2012
Western Division championships: 10—1963, 1964, 1983, 1985, 1988, 1994, 2000, 2004, 2006, and 2011
Grey Cup championships: 6—1964, 1985, 1994, 2000, 2006, and 2011
2022 regular season record: 12 wins, 6 losses

 Ownership 
The BC Lions Football Club is owned by businessman Amar Doman, who was introduced as the club's owner on August 18, 2021. As of late 2020, the BC Lions Football Club executive committee consisted of two people:

Rick LeLacheur, team president
George Chayka, vice president of business

 Franchise history 

 Before the Lions 
Compared to the rest of the country, senior football arrived late in British Columbia. Rugby unions had been organized in all of the Prairie provinces by 1907 and the Western Canada Rugby Football Union had been formed in 1911.
However, it was not until 1926 (after the sudden collapse of the Western Hockey League) that the British Columbia Rugby Football Union was formed, and not until 1930 that the BCRFU competed to represent the West in the Grey Cup. The black and orange Vancouver Meralomas were the most successful British Columbian team of the era. They played in the Western Final in 1930 and again in 1934, only to lose on both occasions to the Regina Roughriders of the Saskatchewan Rugby Football Union.
The BCRFU stopped challenging for the Grey Cup following the formation of the Western Interprovincial Football Union. After the BCRFU disbanded in 1941, the Vancouver Grizzlies joined the WIFU. They played only one season, finishing 1–7, before the WIFU suspended operations for the duration of the Second World War. The Grizzlies did not return after the war.

 Origin of the Lions 
In 1951, a group led by Ken Stauffer and Tiny Radar were inspired by Vancouver Sun columnist Andy Lytle's article to start a new football team in Vancouver that would play in the WIFU. The ownership group sent Radar and Orville Burke to represent them at the off-season WIFU meetings to initiate Vancouver's bid for a team. Radar and Burke were told to return to the meetings the following year with a $25,000 good-faith bond if they could generate sufficient interest in the Vancouver area. The first meetings were held at the Arctic Club in November and a committee headed by Burke and Harry Spring of the Meraloma Rugby Club, set out to sell memberships for $20 each.
Though Burke, Vic Spencer, and John Davidson offered the good-faith bond to the WIFU in 1952, the idea of having a Vancouver team was rejected when both Winnipeg and Saskatchewan voted against the idea of a fifth team. The group in Vancouver, however, did not give up their efforts to have a franchise in the WIFU.
On January 22, 1953, the first annual meeting of the club was held, and Arthur E. Mercer was confirmed as the club's first president. Later in the year, Mercer, Bill Morgan, Bill Ralston, and Whit Matthews went back to the WlFU meetings. One of the founding members included Indo-Canadian businessman, Jab Sidhoo. This time, they sold the idea of a fifth Western team, and Vancouver was granted a conditional franchise.  They were required to provide a 15,000-seat stadium, sell at least 6,500 season tickets, and guarantee travel expenses for the visiting teams.
All the pieces began to fall into place when it was announced that Vancouver would host the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games. That entailed the building of Empire Stadium, which seated 32,300 people and would be more than suitable for the new WIFU team once the Games concluded. By Easter of 1953, Annis Stukus was then lured away from the Toronto Argonauts to return to the West to become the first public relations manager, general manager, and head coach of the franchise.

 Naming the team 
During the rest of 1953, a fan contest was held by all of the local media to pick the new team's name. Lions was chosen because it represented a local landmark and legend of the area. The Lions are twin mountain peaks that rise northwest of Vancouver, and according to legend, resemble two mountain lions (cougars) guarding the city.
After the name was chosen, Stukus decided that the team should represent and embrace the entire province of British Columbia, introducing the team to the Canadian football world as the British Columbia Lions or "BC Lions" for short.
Native to BC, the mountain lion has a strong connection to team's brand, as it is renowned for speed, courage and strength, and carefully respected as a remarkable, but dangerous predator.  The new team's logo combined this animal with the black and orange colours of the Meralomas.

 Notable seasons 
The BC Lions have won 13 Western Conference/West Division regular-season championships and played for the Grey Cup 10 times, winning six.

 First seasons (1954–1960) 
For their inaugural season in 1954, Stukus sold football fever on the streets of Vancouver.  The team made history when they stepped on the field of Empire Stadium for their first home game, against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, on Saturday, August 28, 1954.  Fullback By Bailey scored the first touchdown in franchise history in an 8–6 loss. The first Lions win came on September 18, 1954, with Bailey scoring the winning touchdown to overtake the Calgary Stampeders 9–4.  Fans celebrated in the streets, but it turned out to be their only win, as the Lions went 1-15 for the year.
In 1955, the team improved to a 5–11 record, eking out fourth place ahead of Calgary, but missing the playoffs.  In October, the team's directors asked Stukus to step down as the team's head coach.  While fan reaction to his dismissal was loud and divided, Stukus asked the fans to continue their support of the BC Lions. Stukus' assistant Clem Crowe was later named head coach for the upcoming 1956 season.
In 1956, the Lions again finished fourth in the West and missed the playoffs, despite improving to 6–10 in Crowe's first year.
During the offseason, Bill McMahan assumed the role of team president. One of his first duties involved him bringing back Kelowna native Herb Capozzi from the Montreal Alouettes as the new general manager. BC continued to struggle on the field, finishing the 1957 season with a 4–11–1 record, missing the playoffs for the fourth straight year.
1958 marked the beginning of the CFL era, but the Lions lost their first 5 games, en route to a league-worst 3–13 record.  The team's on-field struggles compelling Capozzi to fire Crowe as the head coach and replace him with Danny Edwards, who returned after playing with the club during the 1957 season. Although it was a season to forget, rookies Tom Hinton and Sonny Homer showed promising signs of being future football stars.
Capozzi improved the team for the 1959 season, first by hiring Wayne Robinson, from Winnipeg, as the new head coach, then bringing in a corps of veteran players to add more experience to the team. This was followed by signing rookie running back Willie "the Wisp" Fleming, adding more youth to play alongside Hinton and Homer. Capozzi's moves proved successful. By winning their final regular season game, at home, over Calgary, the 1959 Lions managed both their first winning season, with a 9–7–0 record, first playoff appearance.  The postseason ended with two straight losses to the Edmonton Eskimos, but the team's future looked bright heading into the 1960s.
The high hopes of the Lions heading into 1960 faded and the team finished with a 5–9–2 record, which eliminated them from playoff contention again. It was disappointing considering the addition of rookie talents Steve Cotter, Lonnie Dennis, Jim Carphin, and Neal Beaumont to a strong core of veteran and young players from the previous season. The only positive for the Lions was Beaumont winningWIFU Outstanding Rookie of the Year honors, becoming the first Lions player to win a major CFL award.

 Dave Skrien and the first Grey Cup title (1961–1967) 
The Lions started the 1961 season by signing former Minnesota Golden Gopher Tom Brown, but the team continued performing poorly on the field.
In September, in a trade that was considered a major gamble, the Lions received quarterback Joe Kapp from Calgary, in exchange for four players.  A week later, Robinson was relieved of his duties as head coach and replaced by assistant Dave Skrien. The year ended with a 1–13–2 record.
In 1962, Skrien made an immediate impact in his first full season as head coach, finishing with a 7–9 record. After eight years of hard work, the Lions were on the verge of success for the first time.

 1963 Grey Cup finalists 
Before the 1963 season, there was optimism that the Lions could contend for the Grey Cup. With a veteran roster headlined by Kapp and Fleming, the Lions surged to their first regular-season conference title with a 12–4 record. After a 2–1 series victory over the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the Western Conference finals, the Lions lined up in the 51st Grey Cup, held at Empire Stadium, against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. However, their momentum stalled as a series of injuries in the championship game affected the team's performance. Star running back Fleming was hurt after he received a late, out-of-bounds hit by Tiger-Cat defensive tackle Angelo Mosca. This proved to be a huge blow to the Lions' chances of victory. Hamilton took the Grey Cup, 21–10.
In the offseason, Kapp was awarded the Jeff Nicklin Memorial Trophy as most valuable player of the Western Conference, Tom Brown won the CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award, and Skrien won the Annis Stukus Trophy as coach of the year, the first time any of those three awards had been handed to Lions players.  Fullback-kicker Peter Kempf became the second Lion to win the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy for rookie of the year honours in the Western Conference.

 1964 Grey Cup champions 
After achieving an 11–2–3 regular-season record in 1964, and defeating the Calgary Stampeders in a three-game series in the Western Conference finals, the Lions advanced to meet the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in a Grey Cup rematch at Toronto's Exhibition Stadium. BC got their revenge, as Kapp, Fleming, and Bill Munsey, who gave a two-touchdown, two-way starring effort, helped the Lions to their first Grey Cup victory, 34–24. The win ended 11 years of waiting for the British Columbia faithful. At the end of the 1964 season, defensive lineman Tom Brown was named a CFL All-Star, a back-to-back Schenley Award winner as CFL's Most Outstanding Lineman Award, and won the Jeff Nicklin Memorial Trophy as the most valuable player in the Western Conference. Joining Brown as All-Stars on defence were Mike Cacic, Dick Fouts, and Munsey. Kapp and tackle Lonnie Dennis were named CFL All-Stars on offence.
During the offseason, Bailey left, and the roster was beginning to age.  Any hopes of the BC Lions becoming a dynasty quickly disappeared in 1965, as the team fell to fourth in the west with a 6–9–1 record, missing the playoffs one year after being on top of the CFL world. It was clear that head coach Skrien would never again experience the same success as he achieved the previous two seasons.
The situation went from bad to worse in 1966, as the Lions posted a 5–11 record.  Capozzi was fired as general manager after nine seasons, and just two years after taking the franchise to consecutive Grey Cup appearances. Fleming and Tom Hinton retired, and Kapp left the team to continue his playing career in the NFL with the Minnesota Vikings.
In the 1967 season, Denny Vietch became the new general manager of the club. His first move was to fire Skrien after three straight losses to start the season. Veitch named Jim Champion as head coach, and the Lions ended up finishing the season with a 3–12–1 record. The only positives for the club were two rookies; wide receiver Jim Young and kicker Ted Gerela, who ended up winning the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy as the Western Conference's rookie of the year.

 Instability at coach (1968–1976) 
Following Skrien's departure, the Lions went through five head coaches between 1968 and 1976, qualifying for the playoffs only three times. Champion remained as head coach in 1968, and CFL legend Jackie Parker was hired as an assistant coach, and even came out of retirement for eight games at quarterback.  The Lions finished the season with a 4–11–1 record, again missing the playoffs.
Eleven games into the 1969 season, with a 1–10 record, Champion was fired as head coach and replaced by assistant Jackie Parker. The Lions responded by winning four of their last five games to finish 5–11, tied with Edmonton.  By virtue of winning the season series, BC won the tie breaker and squeezed into the playoffs, where they fell to the Stampeders, in Calgary, 35–21 in the semifinal.  Individually, Dave Easley won CFL and Western Division rookie of the year honours, and Young was a Schenley finalist.
In 1970, the first artificial turf field in Canada was installed, at Empire Stadium (3M's Tartan Turf). Young became the first Lion to win the Schenley Outstanding Canadian Award, while the team finished fourth place in the Western Conference at 6–10, and missed the playoffs.
The 1971 season began with a major off-season restructuring that saw head coach Parker elevated to general manager, and replaced by former Saskatchewan coach Eagle Keys. Don Moorhead was recruited at quarterback, and a total of fifty-three different players put on a Lions uniform in a year of change, including movie and TV personality Carl Weathers at linebacker. Running back Jim Evenson finished the season with 1,237 yards to lead the Western Conference in rushing, and won the Eddie James Memorial Trophy. The Lions again finished the season at fourth place in the West Division with a 6–9–1 record, missing the playoffs for a second consecutive year. Parker became the first Lion player inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
In 1972, the Lions added new players such as defensive back Rocky Long, running back Johnny Musso, linebacker Ray Nettles and centre Al Wilson, but finished fifth in their division with a 5–11 record.  Young won his second Schenley Award as outstanding Canadian.
The Lions' fortunes improved during the 1973 season, as they posted a 5–9–2 record, good enough for a third-place finish in the Western Conference and a playoff berth, their first in four years. The Lions lost in the semi-finals to the Saskatchewan Roughriders 33–13. Linebacker Nettles won the CFL's Outstanding Defensive Player Award.
In 1974, the Lions showed continued improvement in posting an 8–8 record, and returned to the playoffs for the second straight year. They faced familiar foe Saskatchewan in the semi-finals, where they lost again, 24–14. Second-year running back Lou Harris replaced injured Musso to lead the Lions in both rushing and receiving, winning CFL All-Star honours in the process. Stukus became the first Lion inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame as a builder.
The Lions began the 1975 season with a change at quarterback, as Eric Guthrie and Peter Liske platooned at the position, replacing Moorhead. They lost five of their first six games before a major change was announced in August. General manager Parker and head coach Keys were both dismissed, with Bob Ackles moving up from his assistant general manager post and Cal Murphy elevated to head coach. The Lions played .500 football the rest of the season, but finished in fifth place in their division with a 6–10 record.
The Lions' 1976 season concluded with a 5–9–2 fourth-place finish. Individually, Sciarra became the second Lion to win the Schenley Award as the CFL's most outstanding rookie, while Bill Baker won the Schenley Defensive Player Award. Harry Spring became the second Lion inducted into the Hall of Fame as a builder. Rookies and local talents, linebacker Glen Jackson and punter-kicker Lui Passaglia were two other bright spots in an otherwise disappointing season.

 Returning to contention (1977–1982) 
A complete off-season overhaul in the coaching staff brought Edmonton assistant Vic Rapp in as the 10th head coach of the Lions as they opened their 1977 season. A revamped Leos lineup included rookies Leon Bright, John Blain, Ken Hinton, and quarterback Jerry Tagge, as well as several newly acquired veterans. The Lions last-minute heroics earned them the nickname, the "Cardiac Kids." They finished with a 10–6 record, good enough for second place in the Western Division—the first time the Lions had finished with a winning record since the Grey Cup year of 1964. BC opened the playoffs with a 33–32 upset of Winnipeg at home before being trounced 38–1 in Edmonton by the Eskimos in the Western Division final. Wide receiver Leon Bright captured the CFL's Most Outstanding Rookie award, and Al Wilson became the first Lion to win the CFL's Most Outstanding Offensive Lineman Award.
In 1978, the Lions finished the season at 7–7–2 and in fourth place in their division. Rookie running backs John Henry White and Larry Key provided a much improved rushing game, but depth was still the missing ingredient, as the Leos missed the playoffs. 1978 also saw the emergence of rookie quarterback Joe Paopao, the "Throwin' Samoan."
The Lions' 1979 season began with Tagge at quarterback, but his season—and his career—were ended by a knee injury. Led by Joe Paopao, the Lions skidded down the stretch, losing five games in a row. Despite this, the team finished third in the Western Conference with a 9–6–1 record, making the playoffs. In the semi-finals, the Lions were blasted 37–2 by the Calgary Stampeders. Jim Young retired at the end of the season, and Norm Fieldgate became the second Lions player to be inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame. Rising costs and an aging Empire Stadium cast a shadow over future prospects. To head off a crisis, the directors, led by past-president Jack Farley, developed a plan to sell stock and seek a strong partnership with a major corporate sponsor to keep operations viable while waiting for the construction of a new stadium in downtown Vancouver.
The Lions failed to make the playoffs in 1980, despite a winning record of 8–7–1. Off the field, the decision was made to begin construction of a new indoor stadium in downtown Vancouver.
In 1981, the Lions returned to the playoffs with a third-place divisional finish and a 10–6 record. The team qualified for the playoffs on the final weekend of the season with a victory over the Saskatchewan Roughriders in a driving rainstorm at Empire Stadium. The key play was a late fourth-quarter fumble by Saskatchewan fullback Greg Fieger at the Rider two-yard line which the Lions recovered. The Lions turned this into a touchdown two plays later to take the lead for good after Saskatchewan had led for most of the game up to that point. In the playoffs, the Lions again upset the Blue Bombers 15–11 in the semi-finals before losing 22–16 in the Western Division final to eventual Grey Cup champion Edmonton. Paopao and second-year quarterback Roy Dewalt had wide-out Ty Grey as their deep-threat receiver, while rookie defensive back Larry Crawford led the CFL in interceptions. The Labatt Brewing Company became the Lions' major sponsor in a marketing agreement that brought much-needed financial stability to the team.
Standout wide receiver "Swervin'" Mervyn Fernandez was among the rookies who joined the Lions in 1982, winning the Jackie Parker Trophy as the Western Division's most outstanding rookie. Despite a 9–7 record, the Lions finished fourth in their division and failed to make the playoffs. As in the previous four seasons, the Lions got off to a fast start only to stumble badly after Labour Day. In most cases after this point in the season, the Lions lost crucial divisional games by a very large margin. Due to this disturbing trend, head coach Vic Rapp and his entire coaching staff were dismissed at the end of the season. Lions' running back great Willie "The Wisp" Fleming was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.

 A New Home, the New Western powerhouse (1983-1987) 
In January 1983, former Edmonton defensive coordinator Don Matthews was named BC's new head coach. The Lions also moved into the domed BC Place Stadium, their new home stadium, which opened in June 1983. The quarterback-receiver combination of Dewalt to Fernandez led the Lions' attack, while the defence set a new CFL record of 42 interceptions. The Lions finished 11–5 for the second-best record in team history and returned to first place for the first time since the 1964 season. They stormed into the playoffs, defeating Winnipeg in the Western Division finals, 39–21. The Western Division champions hosted the Toronto Argonauts in the 71st Grey Cup, ending a 19-year absence from the classic. BC Place fans watched the Argonauts defeat their hometown team in a taut 18–17 contest.
In 1984, the Lions' biggest trade since the Joe Kapp deal brought CFL All-Star James "Quick" Parker to their defence from Edmonton. The Lions again finished first in the Western Division with a league-leading 12–3–1 record, but the second straight first-place finish was dampened by the late-season loss of quarterback Roy Dewalt to injury. In a repeat Western finals matchup at BC Place, Winnipeg triumphed 31–14 and went on to win their first Grey Cup since 1962. Average crowds in excess of 40,000 in each of the first two years at BC Place reversed the team's financial fortunes, with stockholders receiving early repayment. Lions greats Joe Kapp and linebacker Tom Brown were inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.

 1985 Grey Cup champions 
The Lions' 1985 season began with much promise. Mervyn Fernandez shattered several team receiving records and second-year receiver Jim Sandusky broke the 1,000 yard mark. Rookie defensive tackle Mike Gray was the most visible of several rookies. With depth and few injuries, the final season record of 13–3 was the best in team history, bringing the Lions their third consecutive first-place divisional finish. The Lions avenged their prior year's playoff defeat by beating Winnipeg 42–22. One week later, the same Lions line-up met Hamilton at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal. Twenty-one years of waiting ended with a 37–24 Grey Cup championship victory over the Tiger-Cats in the 73rd Grey Cup. Quarterback Roy Dewalt won the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player award on offence, while defensive end James "Quick" Parker took home the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player award on defence. Kicker Lui Passaglia was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian. Don Matthews won his first CFL Coach of the Year award. Mervyn Fernandez became the first Lion to win the CFL's Most Outstanding Player Award and defensive tackle Mike Gray won both the CFL's Most Outstanding Rookie award and the Jackie Parker Trophy. Linebacker Tyrone Crews won the first of two consecutive CFL Players Association Outstanding Community Service Awards. The CFL champions returned to Vancouver for a victory celebration that swept across the entire province.
Defending their championship in 1986 proved even harder than winning it the year before, as the Lions battled the Eskimos, Blue Bombers, injuries, and the CFL's newly extended 18-game regular season. The Lions reached the halfway mark at 7–2 losing at Edmonton, and at home to Calgary. The Lions then ran their record to 9–2 before hitting a four-game losing streak, started by back-to-back losses to Edmonton. The Lions rebounded to win back-to-back games against Winnipeg to finish the season 12–6, and second in the Western Division. Under the new playoff format, the Lions met the Bombers for a third straight week, winning the Semi-Finals 21–14, before travelling to Edmonton for the Lions' first Western final road game in four years. The Lions lost their fourth game of the year to the Eskimos 41–5, ending the Lions' hopes of defending their title in front of a home crowd at BC Place. The 1985 Grey Cup title, the prospect of defending the title at home, and the excitement in the area generated from Expo 86 helped the Lions outdraw the Vancouver Canucks in total attendance in 1986, despite the fact the Lions had only nine regular-season home games compared to the Canucks' 40. Off the field, the big news of the year was the departure of general manager Bob Ackles to the NFL's Dallas Cowboys, ending Ackles' 33-year association with the Lions (he returned in 2002). Ackles was replaced by former Montreal general manager Joe Galat in August 1986.
The Lions began their 1987 campaign without the services of stand-out wide receiver Mervyn Fernandez, who left during the offseason to join the Los Angeles Raiders. The season began with a four-game winning streak, but the team seemed to lose focus through the middle of the season, looking invincible in one game and lethargic the next. Entering the last half of the year, the Lions were still in contention for first place but not playing like a team driving for a title. When the team suffered a three-game losing streak, general manager Joe Galat fired Don Matthews, the winningest coach in Lions history with just four games to go. The Lions instantly responded to new coach Larry Donovan, winning the final four games including a thrilling come-from-behind 33–32 victory over Edmonton at Commonwealth Stadium that many observers called the CFL's greatest comeback ever. The win gave the Lions first place in the Western Division for the fourth time in five years with a 12–6 record. Home field advantage at BC Place in the Western final was not enough however, as the Lions fell to the eventual Grey Cup champion Eskimos, 31–7.

 Fading into mediocrity (1988–1992) 
The CFL's competition cap forced the Lions to start the 1988 season with 22 new faces in their lineup, one of which was star quarterback Matt Dunigan, acquired in a trade with Edmonton. Despite the large number of new players, the Lions jelled and finished the regular season with a 10–8 record. The Lions entered the playoffs with momentum and were touted as Grey Cup favourites. The Leos managed hard-earned playoff victories on the road at Saskatchewan, beating the Roughriders, 42–18 in the semi-final, before defeating the Eskimos in the Western Division final at Commonwealth Stadium, 37–19; it marked their first playoff win over the Eskimos in their history. That set the stage for the 76th Grey Cup Championship Game against the Blue Bombers, in front of a crowd in excess of 50,000 in unseasonably mild but windy conditions at Ottawa. The lead changed hands several times during the hard-fought contest. The Leos drove to the Winnipeg seven-yard line in the final minutes only to have Matt Dunigan's pass deflected by two defenders and intercepted to snuff out the drive. The Bombers went on to win the Cup, 22–21.
Buoyed by their Grey Cup appearance the previous season, the Lions entered the 1989 season with much optimism. However, the team opened the campaign with a loss to Edmonton in Commonwealth Stadium, followed by three more losses before coach Larry Donovan was fired and replaced by general manager Joe Galat. After dropping their fifth straight game to the Eskimos, the Lions put together a four-game winning streak, fuelling playoff hopes. The Winnipeg Blue Bombers shattered those hopes in back-to-back games, rolling over the Leos 53–34 in Winnipeg, and then edging the Lions 24–20 in an overtime contest in Vancouver. Prior to the Winnipeg home game on September 16, new owner Murray Pezim (who had bought the team from community ownership on September 7) and his minority partners, ex-NFL all-star Mark Gastineau and his wife Brigitte Nielsen were introduced to the home fans. The Lions never did get back on track, finishing the year with a disappointing 7–11 record, and missing the playoffs for the first time since 1982. Bright spots included running back Darrell Wallace, who won the Western Division's Jackie Parker Trophy as Most Outstanding Rookie (Wallace was second in the CFL in total offensive yardage), and quarterback Matt Dunigan who won the CFL Players Association Outstanding Community Service Award. Dunigan was traded (in another seven-to-one trade) to the Toronto Argonauts after the 1989 season ended.
In 1990, Pezim's first full season as owner, he made big changes to the look of the team. The team ditched its predominantly orange and white uniform design to black with silver helmets and pants. Under new head coach Lary Kuharich and general manager Joe Kapp, the Lions generated a good deal of preseason hype in 1990 with the signings of West Virginia University quarterback Major Harris, who was fourth in 1989 Heisman Trophy balloting, and quarterback Doug Flutie. Minority owner Mark Gastineau even returned to active duty, but was released after playing only four games. However, the publicity did not translate into on-field victories and turmoil plagued the team. Two coaches left early in the season amid controversy. The Lions tied their first game against Calgary in the dying seconds of the contest as Doug Flutie tossed a "hail Mary" pass to Ray Alexander in the end zone. The Lions kept close in every game, winning a tight one against Winnipeg at home on a last-second Passaglia field goal, while losing to Hamilton in the final seconds in the next contest. The eastern road trip to Ottawa and Toronto, during which the Lions lost both games, spelled the beginning of the end for the new coach and general manager. The following week, the Leos dropped another one to the Argos, 49–19, and one week after that, another former Lions great, Jim "Dirty Thirty" Young, was behind the bench as interim head coach. Bob O'Billovich took over as vice president of football operations and head coach on September 14, 1990, and promptly guided the team to a strong 34–4 victory over Hamilton. The Lions gained stability as the season wore on, and although they missed the playoffs, "Obie's" charges went 4–3 over the last seven games of the season, and their strong finish fuelled hopes for a much brighter 1991 season. Highlights of the year included Lui Passaglia's new professional football scoring record, as he booted his 2,238th point, finishing the year with 2,312 points. Lui also became the longest-playing Lion in history, appearing in a total of 236 games, overtaking Al Wilson's previous mark of 233 games.
The 1991 season opened with promise. Although the team dropped a 39–34 decision to Calgary at BC Place, the game was tight and the Lions were in the contest to the very end. It was a harbinger as Bob O'Billovich's young team with 12 rookies in the lineup, turned virtually every contest into a nail-biter, playing in a CFL record six overtime contests, winning three and losing three. Behind the outstanding quarterbacking of Doug Flutie, the powerful running of rookie Jon Volpe, the receiving of rookie Matt Clark and veteran Ray Alexander, the Lions were capable of beating any team in the CFL. On August 1, 1991, the 2–1 Lions faced the undefeated Toronto Argonauts featuring Raghib "the Rocket" Ismail, at BC Place Stadium. A huge crowd of 53,527 was on hand. After falling behind 21–3 in the first quarter, the Lions battled back and took control of the game in the final quarter. Toronto managed to tie the game but in overtime, but an electrifying kickoff return for a touchdown by Raymond Ethridge and terrific play by the Lions' special teams spelled the difference. The Lions triumphed 52–41 in overtime. However, the following week, Calgary stopped the Leos, 34–30 in overtime. The Lions offence led the CFL in 11 different categories and the team was in a three-way battle with Calgary and Edmonton for first place in the Western Division, right down to the end of the season. In the last game, the Lions hosted the 2–15 Hamilton Tiger-Cats, needing a win to clinch first place. However, the Lions lost and finished third with an 11–7 record. In the Western semi-final in Calgary, the Leos took a commanding 31–15 lead by the end of the first half. Although the Lions had never lost a game all year when leading at the half, Calgary stormed back with an incredible third quarter, scoring four touchdowns, and holding off the Lions to win, 43–41. The disappointing loss was at least partially offset by the awarding of three Lions with outstanding player awards. Doug Flutie was named the CFL's Outstanding Player, Jon Volpe won the CFL's Outstanding Rookie award as well as the West Division's Jackie Parker Trophy and the Eddie James Memorial Trophy for leading the division in rushing. Offensive tackle Jim Mills became the CFL's Outstanding Offensive Lineman and the West Division's DeMarco-Becket Memorial Trophy award winner for the second consecutive year. Although quarterback Doug Flutie signed as a free agent with the Stampeders in the post-season, the acquisition of his replacement from Calgary, Danny Barrett, prior to training camp, brought hope of good things to come in 1992.
The Lions entered training camp in 1992 with high expectations. Despite the loss of Doug Flutie, two-time Grey Cup finalist quarterback Danny Barrett was counted on to be an able replacement. In the season opener against Edmonton, however, Barrett struggled, eventually giving way to back-up Tony Kimbrough in the second half. The Eskimos went on to win, 37–26. The following week, the Lions' fortunes continued to spiral downward, this time, on the road, as the Toronto Argonauts crushed the Leos, 61–20. In the third game of the year against Doug Flutie and the Calgary Stampeders, Barrett, who had regained his starting job at quarterback, went down in the third quarter with a separated shoulder. Flutie then guided Calgary to a 37–19 win, and the Lions slid further downhill from there. The team lost eight straight before finally edging out Ottawa 33–27 on September 3, 1992, with Danny Barrett back at the helm. To add insult to injury, off-season and off-field problems emerged to swing focus from football to ownership, as Lions' owner Murray Pezim declared bankruptcy, and the CFL was forced to take over the team. Three weeks later, a new owner was found, as The Brick Furniture Store owner Bill Comrie purchased the Lions from the CFL on September 23, 1992. The team on the field did not respond to the newfound ownership stability, losing the final seven games of the year to finish the season with a disappointing 3–15 record. Head coach O'Billovich and his staff were fired at season's end, and on December 12, 1992, new general manager Eric Tillman announced the hiring of Ottawa defensive coordinator Dave Ritchie, as the new head coach of the Lions.

 Another Grey Cup (1993–1995) 
The "new" 1993 edition of the BC Lions, under the guidance of head coach Dave Ritchie and general manager Eric Tillman signed a number of proven CFL veterans, including Danny McManus, James "Wild" West, Rob Smith, Less Browne, Tyrone Jones, Sean Foudy and CFL All-Star Vic Stevenson, winner of the 1992 DeMarco-Beckett Trophy as the Outstanding Offensive Lineman in the West Division. The team also added promising rookies, such as running back Cory Philpot, draft pick Tom Europe, and Derek Grier. A contract dispute with Jon Volpe kept him from training camp, but he was back in the fold by the second game of the season. The Lions struck quickly with wins over Saskatchewan and Toronto before grinding to a halt in Winnipeg after only three days rest between road games. However, the Leos lost only two more games through July, August, and mid-September, cruising to an 8–3 record, the Lions' best start since 1987. Quarterback Danny Barrett broke the CFL's single-game passing yard record, completing 30 passes for 601 yards, eclipsing the previous mark of 586 yards set back in 1954 by Alouettes legend, Sam "The Rifle" Etcheverry. The Lions entered the September 18, 1993 game against Calgary in a battle for first place in the Western Division. However, Doug Flutie and the Stamps prevailed, 40–21. The Lions went on to win only two of the next seven games, sliding to a 64–27 pounding against Sacramento in the regular-season finale, for a 10–8 finish. Nevertheless, the Lions made the playoffs after a one-year absence, facing Calgary in the West Division semi-final game on November 14, 1993. Despite generating twice as much offence as the Stamps, the Leos could not score a touchdown and fell 17–9.

 1994 Grey Cup champions 
The Lions entered the 1994 campaign with a new quarterback, Kent Austin, at the helm. Off-season trades with Ottawa provided offensive guard Denny Chronopoulos, defensive lineman Andrew Stewart, and rush linebacker Angelo Snipes. A group of young, unknown, and aggressive linebackers emerged at training camp, Henry Newby, Tyrone Chatman, and Virgil Robertson, while the secondary was strengthened with the additions of Charles Gordon and Enis Jackson. The Lions opened the season at B.C. Place and gave the fans a taste of things to come with a hard-fought 24–20 victory over Winnipeg. The Lions offensive power was amply demonstrated the following week with a 57–18 thumping of the Ottawa Rough Riders. By the end of August, 1994, the Lions were 7–1–0, and had broken several single-game offensive records, including a 67–15 point record win over Shreveport. The Leos' secondary was further bolstered by the signing of former NFL stars James Jefferson (who was also a one-time CFL star) and Barry Wilburn. The team endured a dry spell at the season's midpoint, losing close games to Winnipeg, Edmonton, Saskatchewan, and Baltimore. A late-season win over Las Vegas (45–7) and a close 24–23 loss to Calgary, gave the Lions new hope heading into the playoffs, as well as an 11–6–1 regular-season finish. The team travelled to Edmonton for the Western Division Semi-Finals, where the Lions had only managed one playoff victory at Commonwealth Stadium. With just over four minutes left in the game, defensive back Charles Gordon's miraculous end-zone interception stopped the Eskimos in their tracks and gave new life to the Lions. Quarterback Kent Austin, replacing an injured Danny McManus who had started the game, mounted a Lions' drive which ate up the clock and the field. Lui Passaglia kicked the winning field goal with 30 seconds left to give the Lions a tough 24–23 come-from-behind victory. The following week, in one of the most memorable CFL games ever, the Lions and the Doug Flutie led Stampeders traded touchdowns and field goals all night at McMahon Stadium. In the swirling snow with two minutes left in the game, Calgary, who led by 5 points, set up to kick a field goal. Lions' wide receiver Ray Alexander leapt up and made an amazing block, giving the Lions renewed hope and decent field position. Danny McManus, who had replaced Kent Austin in the second half after Austin re-injured a separated shoulder, staged a furious last-minute drive, hitting receivers all the way down the field to the Stampeder's four-yard line. With Calgary leading 36–31, with four seconds left in the game, McManus found receiver Darren Flutie alone in the end zone to give the Lions their first playoff victory over Calgary in 30 years, and a berth in the Grey Cup against Baltimore at B.C. Place. The dramatics continued the following week in the 82nd Grey Cup. With 55,097 cheering fans looking on, the Lions and Stallions staged another thriller with both teams playing great football. Baltimore took a 17–10 lead at halftime, and extended their lead to 20–10 early in the third quarter. Lions' quarterback Danny McManus entered the game and staged a second-half rally. Seemingly stalled at the Baltimore 30 yard line, Lui Passaglia and Darren Flutie staged a fake field goal to gain a big first down, which changed the momentum of the game. McManus ran in from the two-yard line to tie the score at 20–20. After the teams traded field goals to make the score 23–23, McManus engineered another late-game drive to the Baltimore 37 yard line. Passaglia missed the field goal with just over one minute remaining, but the Lions' defence rose up to deny Baltimore and stop them cold within their own five-yard line. After a punt and a couple of runs to set up another field goal try, Passaglia converted a field goal with no time remaining on the clock to give the Lions an incredible 26–23 victory, the third Grey Cup championship in the team's history. Passaglia went on to win a well-deserved Grey Cup Most Valuable Canadian award for his heroics.
The 1995 season began with Grey Cup hero Danny McManus named as starting quarterback, replacing Kent Austin, who was traded to Toronto. Shelton Quarles was added to a strong linebacker corps. The season started with an exciting, late come-from-behind 37–34 victory over the Baltimore Stallions at BC Place. The Lions won their first three games before suffering a setback in Calgary. The Leos got back on track with a strong performance over Ottawa, and went on to a 7–1 record, challenging the Stampeders in the North Division. Injuries to key players during a three-game, 10-day road trip resulted in a late-season swoon that the Lions could not recover from. A victory over Saskatchewan at B.C. Place in the regular-season finale solidified 3rd place in the rugged Northern Division with a 10–8 record and a trip to Edmonton for the playoffs. The Lions' 1995 season came to an end with a 26–15 loss to the Eskimos in the semi-finals. Individually, Lions' running back Cory Philpot broke the CFL record for touchdowns in a season with 22, and won the Eddie James Memorial Trophy for the second year in a row as the Northern Division's leading rusher. Lui Passaglia ended the season with 3,160 career points. Jamie Taras won the DeMarco-Becket Memorial Trophy as the Northern Division's Most Outstanding Offensive Lineman.

 Staying in contention (1996–2002) 
1996 was a season of turmoil for the Lions, both on and off the field. Former Lions' quarterback and fan favourite Joe Paopao returned to the team from the Edmonton Eskimos as the new head coach, replacing Dave Ritchie. On March 11, 1996, Lions' owner Bill Comrie announced that the club had been sold to a group of 10 local businessmen headed by Nelson Skalbania (who once owned the Montreal Alouettes) and Michael Jensen. The Lions held training camp at UBC with over a hundred players invited. Mike McCarthy arrived in Vancouver to become the Lions new VP of football operations. On the field, the Lions started the season with 18 new faces in the line-up, including heralded Heisman Trophy winner Andre Ware at quarterback. The Lions started the season at 0–4, and quarterback Damon Allen was signed to replace Ware. As the team stumbled on the field, attendance plummeted. Stability in the front office proved short-lived, as Skalbania and his ownership group lost control of the team, and the Lions (again) went into receivership, with the CFL taking over the team once more, just as they had in 1992. The bright spot of the season was an exciting and improbable, 35–11 victory over Doug Flutie and the Toronto Argonauts, in September, 1996. On October 31, 1996, Hamilton businessman David Braley announced his intention to buy the team. November 2, 1996 marked the end of the season as the Lions defeated Ottawa 35–24 in what was the Rough Riders' final game in club history.
David Braley's ownership and a coaching change brought the Lions much-needed stability as they entered the 1997 season, and some of that stability seemed to have translated to success on the field. Joe Paopao resigned prior to the season's start, and was replaced as head coach by Adam Rita. The Lions made the playoffs for the 20th time in their 43-year club history, despite an 8–10, fourth place divisional finish. The Leos' 1997 playoff appearance marked the first time in CFL history that a West Division team participated in an East Division semi-final, under a newly established "cross-over rule" (where the fourth-place team from one division qualified for the playoffs, as long as the team earned more points than the 3rd place team from the opposing division. Once so qualified, the fourth-place team would then "cross-over" to the other division to play the second-place team in the opposing division). The Lions thus faced Montreal in the Eastern semi-finals, eventually losing to the Alouettes, 45–35, in a spirited contest. Fullback Sean Millington was awarded the CFL's Outstanding Canadian Award at season's end, while linebacker B.J. Gallis won the Jackie Parker Trophy as the West Division's top rookie.
The Lions started the 1998 season off on the wrong foot, losing their first three games, before finally beating Saskatchewan in week four. The defence held their own, but the offence struggled. The low point of the year occurred on August 9, 1998, when the eventual Grey Cup champion Calgary Stampeders came into B.C. Place and beat the hometown Leos 55–9. With a record of 3–6–0, head coach Adam Rita resigned, and was replaced by Greg Mohns. The no-nonsense approach of Mohns seemed to spark the team, as the Lions embarked on a memorable, six-game winning streak (which the team had not done since 1986) heading into the playoffs. The Lions, who finished 9–9 on the year, lost in the semi-finals to Edmonton in heartbreaking fashion, but showed promise for the upcoming season. Kicker Lui Passaglia won the Dave Dryburgh Memorial Trophy as the top scorer in the West Division.
Expectations for the Lions were high as the 1999 season began, following the team's promising finish a year earlier, and with the announcement that the Grey Cup game would be played in Vancouver. Quality free agents such as slotback Don Blair and cornerback Eric Carter were brought in to add depth to an already impressive lineup, and with the likes of Robert Drummond and Jimmy "The Jet" Cunningham back in form following injury-plagued 1998 seasons, the Lions were primed for a successful season. The Lions started fast out of the gate, winning their first three games to set a new club record with nine straight regular-season wins. The Lions either held sole possession of first place or were tied with Calgary throughout the season. The Lions ended the regular season with two straight wins, finishing first in the division with a 13–5 record, the Lions' best record since 1985, and the first divisional championship since 1987. the Lions' dream season came to a premature and heartbreaking end, as the Stamps beat the Lions 26–24 in the Lions' first home playoff game in 12 years. The Lions appeared to be driving toward a chance to kick a game-winning field goal in the last minute before Damon Allen fumbled the ball at mid-field, allowing the Stamps to kill off the remaining time. The Lions fielded three CFL All-Stars in 1999: slotback Jimmy Cunningham, centre Jamie Taras, and defensive tackle Johnny Scott. Linebacker Paul Lacoste was voted the CFL's top rookie, and was also awarded the Jackie Parker Trophy. Defensive end Daved Benefield was named the Western Division's top defensive player, while Jamie Taras won the DeMarco-Becket Memorial Trophy as the West's most outstanding offensive lineman, as well as the CFL Player's Association Outstanding Community Service Award.

 2000 Grey Cup champions 
The Lions began the 2000 campaign with only one goal in mind: win the Grey Cup. Six months later, the Lions fulfilled that destiny, but the path to the 88th Grey Cup was one of the most adventurous, unpredictable, and memorable ever in CFL history. The year started well enough, with victories over Hamilton and Saskatchewan, but a 35–2 loss to Calgary began a four-game losing streak and a lot of finger-pointing. A win over the Toronto Argonauts halted the slide, but following the game, head coach Greg Mohns resigned to join the upstart XFL. Long-time CFL coach Steve Buratto, who joined the club only two weeks earlier as a receivers coach, was promoted to the top job, and got instant results with a huge 51–4 win over the Argos in the second of back-to-back games. Despite a promising start, the Lions only won one of their next five games to sit at 5–9 on Thanksgiving. Nevertheless, the Lions came together when it counted the most, winning three of their last four heading into the playoffs, and the offence gelling to become the best in the CFL that season. Quarterback Damon Allen broke Ron Lancaster's CFL record for career passing yardage. Lui Passaglia played in a memorable, "Luv Ya Lui" night at his final game at B.C. Place, and also set a CFL record for single-season field goal percentage. The Lions finished the year 8–10 and in third place in the Western Division, but were the team other teams did not want to face in the playoffs. A snarly defence started to show its grit, and the Lions roared confidently into Edmonton and emerged with a 34–32 Western semi-final victory, thanks to a Passaglia field goal on the final play. The Lions next faced Calgary in the Western finals, and the Lions steamrolled to a decisive 37–23 win. The Leos' Cinderella season came to a close on November 26, 2000, in the Grey Cup at McMahon Stadium in Calgary, as the Lions won their fourth championship in team history with a nail-biting 28–26 victory over the Montreal Alouettes. Running back Robert Drummond won the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player award, while backfield teammate Sean Millington took home the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian trophy. The Lions' triumph marked the first time a team with a sub-.500 regular season record won the Grey Cup, and it signalled a marvellous end to Lui Passaglia's outstanding, 25-year CFL career.
Expectations were high for the CFL champion Lions in 2001, but the team ultimately never seemed to jell. Quarterback Damon Allen struggled, and the team hovered around the 0.500 mark all season. Finishing at 8–10, the Lions did make the playoffs, but were immediately bounced by Calgary in the Western Division semi-finals, 28–19. Matt Kellett became only the second full-time field goal kicker in 26 years, as he replaced the legendary Lui Passaglia. Rookie middle linebacker Barrin Simpson led the team in tackles and was named a first-team CFL All-Star, as well as the CFL's Rookie of the Year and Jackie Parker Trophy winner. Cornerback Eric Carter was also named to the CFL's 2001 All-Star team.
Bob Ackles returned to the Lions as president and CEO before the 2002 season, which saw the Lions finish at 10–8 for a third-place finish in the Western Division, and the return of Adam Rita as head coach. The Lions faced Winnipeg in the Western semi-finals, falling 30–3 to the Bombers. Individually, Eric Carter and Barrin Simpson repeated as CFL All-Stars, while slotback Jason Clermont won CFL's most outstanding rookie award, as well as the Western Division's Jackie Parker Trophy. Fullback Sean Millington won the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy as the outstanding Canadian Western Division player, for the 3rd time. This was the last season that Damon Allen played for the Lions, as he finished as the franchise's all-time leader in passing yards, pass completions and passing touchdowns.

 Buono era (2003–2011) 
The 2003 season marked the beginning of a new era, as Wally Buono replaced Adam Rita as head coach and GM. The Lions also acquired former Stampeders and NFL QB Dave Dickenson through free agency, which prompted Lions QB Damon Allen to leave for the Toronto Argonauts. The Lions finished in a 3-way, 2nd place tie at 11–7 with Western Division foes, Winnipeg and Saskatchewan, and faced the Eastern Division's Toronto Argonauts by way of the CFL's "cross-over rule." The Lions closed out the season with a 28–7 loss to the Argos in the Eastern Division semi-finals. Barrin Simpson appeared as a CFL All-Star for the 3rd year in a row, joined by newcomers Ray Jacobs on defence, and electrifying slotback Geroy Simon on offence. Wide receiver Frank Cutolo won the CFL and Western Division rookie of the year awards. Offensive tackle Steve Hardin won the CFL Player's Association Outstanding Community Service Award.
The 2004 season marked one of the Lions' best regular-season records in club history. Going 13–5 and finishing 1st in the division, the Lions set a team record of 8 consecutive wins in a single season. In addition to club records, the season brought an array of individual performances to the forefront. Quarterback Casey Printers set a CFL record for highest single-game completion average of 90.9% (completing 20 of 22 passing attempts) during an August, 2004 game against Hamilton. Outstanding slot back Geroy Simon tied three team records by catching four touchdown passes in the same game. After the conclusion of the regular season, Printers was named the CFL's Most Outstanding Player, while Jason Clermont won the Most Outstanding Canadian award. Printers and Simon joined 4-time All-Star linebacker Barrin Simpson as 2004 CFL All-Stars. The Lions, receiving a bye in the first round of the playoffs by virtue of their first-place divisional finish, faced one of their biggest rivals, the Saskatchewan Roughriders. In a closefinish, the Lions defeated the Roughriders 27–25, in overtime. The Lions were then pitted against the Toronto Argonauts in the 92nd Grey Cup Championship, a rematch of the 2003 semi-finals. The Lions did not exact their revenge, losing 27–19. Jason Clermont won the Grey Cup Most Valuable Canadian award in the effort. The game was marked with controversy for the Lions, as Dave Dickenson got the start over Casey Printers, who had led the team through most of the season as Dickenson was injured.

Before and during the 2005 season there was controversy as to which quarterback should be the starter, Casey Printers or Dave Dickenson. Printers was the CFL's 2004 season Most Outstanding Player, but Dickenson was a veteran star destined for the Canadian Football Hall of Fame. The team ultimately chose to go with Dickenson, despite his having been somewhat injury-prone. The Lions came out of the gate roaring. Led by Dickenson and an outstanding receiving corps, the team strung together 11 consecutive wins. The final game of the win streak came on September 17, 2005, when the Leos squeaked past the Montreal Alouettes by a score of 27–26 when Don Matthews elected to go for a two-point conversion rather than tie the game. The Lions bid for an undefeated season came to a halt the very next week on September 24, 2005, when the Edmonton Eskimos defeated the Lions 37–20 at Commonwealth Stadium. Dickenson sustained a season-ending concussion and Printers took over as starting QB. The Lions won only one of their remaining seven games of the regular season. On November 20, 2005, the Lions lost in the Western Finals to the eventual Grey Cup champion Eskimos at B.C. Place. The game ended with a controversial "non-call" on the last play of the game; as what would have been Printers' game-winning pass to slotback Geroy Simon appeared to have been interfered with by a defending Eskimo, and was ruled incomplete. Defensive end Brent Johnson was named a 2005 CFL All-Star, and won the Outstanding Canadian Award.

 2006 Grey Cup champions 
The 2006 season saw Casey Printers go off to the NFL's Kansas City Chiefs; however, a new quarterback controversy of sorts threatened to develop. During the off-season 2005s third-stringer, Buck Pierce won the back-up role and early season injuries to Dave Dickenson forced him into action. Pierce's best game as the starter was on October 6 against the Calgary Stampeders, where he threw 25 for 31 for 297 yards, 1 touchdown, and 1 interception. He began the game with one incomplete pass, and then hit his next 14.

The Lions in the off-season also acquired former Roughrider Paul McCallum to stabilize the kicking game which had not recovered from Lui Passaglia's retirement in 2000. After a sluggish 2–3 start in 2006, coach Buono signalled that no starting job was safe by releasing runningback Antonio Warren and defensive back Sam Young. The team responded by winning the next six games. New running back Joe Smith ran for over 100 yards in his first game. Brent Johnson, Barron Miles, and Mark Washington led a dominant defence; 10 different defenders scored touchdowns on turnovers. They also held opposing offences to 17 points or less on 6 occasions. Receiver Geroy Simon dominated opposing defensive backs in a manner not seen since Mervyn Fernandez in the 1980s, and broke the club record for single-season receiving yardage for the second straight year. The Lions clinched first place on October 6, earning a third straight bye into the Western Final at home, and tied a team record with a 13–5 mark for the season. 50,084 (league-best for 2006) saw BC crush the Roughriders 45–18 in the West final. Looking fully recovered from earlier concussions, Dickenson went 27 for 37 with three touchdowns and no interceptions. Paris Jackson made two circus catches for TDs, Jason Clermont bulled his way to 98 yards on 6 catches, Joe Smith scored twice and ran for 116 yards, McCallum was 5 for 5 in field goals, and the BC defence dominated Saskatchewan all afternoon.
On November 19, the BC Lions captured their first Grey Cup Championship since 2000 by defeating the Montreal Alouettes 25–14 at Canad Inns Stadium in Winnipeg. Dave Dickenson was named the Most Valuable Player of the game, while Paul McCallum was named the Most Valuable Canadian. In the post-game exuberance, the team snapped the Grey Cup off the lower base with the engraved names, but it was repaired the following Monday. The game is also noted for kicker Paul McCallum going 6 for 6 in field goals, making him a perfect 11 for 11 in the postseason. Coach Buono also used all three quarterbacks in the game: Dickenson, Pierce and third-string Jarious Jackson all took snaps.
The record-setting season was capped off with Buono's third CFL Coach of the Year Award. The Lions nearly swept the annual player awards, with Brent Johnson, Geroy Simon, Rob Murphy, Mark Washington, and Aaron Hunt (BC's sixth Outstanding Rookie in nine years) all taking home hardware.
In 2007 offensive coordinator Jacques Chapdelaine left for the Edmonton Eskimos in the off-season, becoming their offensive coordinator and assistant head coach. The Lions' play-calling duties for the 2007 season were handled by quarterbacks coach Steff Kruck, with play design by offensive line coach Dan Dorazio. Veteran linebacker Carl Kidd announced his retirement at the Grey Cup ring ceremony held just prior to training camp, while Bobby Singh was cut and soon picked up by the Calgary Stampeders. John Hufnagel guest-coached at training camp, having previously worked under Buono as offensive coordinator in Calgary in the 1990s.2007 proved to be one of the best seasons for the Lions, having set a new franchise record for the most regular-season wins in club history. The season started off on a 5-game winning streak, including dominating wins over Edmonton (29–9) and Saskatchewan (42–12). However, the streak came to a halt on August 3, 2007, when the Leos suffered a 21–9 loss to the Saskatchewan Roughriders. The Lions had a little trouble getting back on track, as they suffered a loss to Winnipeg and a tie with Calgary. A 40–7 win over Toronto moved the Lions back into 1st place in the West Division, due to a Saskatchewan loss to Calgary. On September 22, 2007, the Lions battled their biggest foe, the Saskatchewan Roughriders, for the 1st place spot in the West Division. The Saskatchewan lead increased and decreased several times throughout the game. However, with Saskatchewan leading by 4, the Lions never gave up in the dying minutes of the game, and QB Jarious Jackson was able to find Geroy Simon in the endzone and pass the ball for a game-winning 33 yard touchdown. The final result was an unexpected come-from-behind 37–34 victory for the Lions. The Lions went on to win all the rest of their games of the regular season and captured 1st place in the West Division for a fourth consecutive year. The Lions also finished with a regular-season record of 14–3–1, The best in club history. The Lions felt confident heading into the Western Final, but their dreams of second consecutive Grey Cup title came to an end in a heartbreaking 26–17 loss to the eventual Grey Cup champions, the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Just before the 2008 season, the Lions' Josh Boden was cut due to being arrested. Also, Mark Washington became the secondary coach due to salary cap issues. Quarterback star Dave Dickenson was released in the final year of his contract of $400k/yr and was picked up by the Calgary Stampeders. Jacques Chapdelaine came back from the Edmonton Eskimos after being fired as offensive coordinator and assistant head coach in his one year with the club. Defensive coordinator Dave Ritchie retired after the 2007 season and Mike Benevides was promoted to his position. As well, director of player personnel Bob O'Billovich left to become general manager of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and former Saskatchewan Roughriders general manager Roy Shivers filled his position.
The season started off on low notes, both on and off the field. After losing their first two games to Calgary and Saskatchewan, the BC Lions and the entire CFL community was shocked to hear that Lions president and CEO Bobby Ackles had suffered a heart attack and died on July 6, 2008. The Lions held a memorial ceremony at the next home game against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and wore an orange paw on their helmets with "Bob" on the inside to commemorate Ackles.
In their first game of the season, against Calgary, starter Buck Pierce left the game with injury, meaning Jarious Jackson took over as starter. After losing their next game to the Roughriders, the Lions won three straight, synonymous with Stefan Logan's debut with the Lions and Joe Smith sitting these games out. On July 25, Geroy Simon surpassed Jim "Dirty 30" Young as the Lions' all-time receiving yards leader, in a game against the Montreal Alouettes. After electing not to attend Bob Ackles' memorial, Joe Smith began to estrange himself from the organization and only played in four of the first nine games of the season. While also posting unimpressive numbers, the Lions saw fit to trade their former star running back to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers for their former star running back, Charles Roberts on Sept 1, 2009. Shortly after, Roberts reached the 10,000 rushing yard mark for his career on Sept 13, 2009, against the Saskatchewan Roughriders in his first game as a Lion.
After a Labour Day loss to the Montreal Alouettes, the Lions won five straight under a healthy Buck Pierce. Since Buono had become head coach in 2003, the Lions had won at least four in a row each year, a streak that ended in 2009. The Lions finished the regular season with an 11–7 record, including a loss at Calgary in the last regular-season game. After going 3–0–1 against Calgary in the previous season, the Lions were swept by Calgary for the first time since the 2000 season. After amassing 23 sacks, Cameron Wake won the Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award for the second consecutive year. In the playoffs, the Lions defeated the Saskatchewan Roughriders at Mosaic Stadium at Taylor Field 33–12, but lost, yet again, to the Calgary Stampeders, this time in the Western final.
The 2009 season saw a team that was decidedly different from the previous seasons' roster. While the coaching staff remained completely intact, the playing roster saw a number of notable players released or traded and some leaving for the NFL. Outstanding Defensive Player Cameron Wake signed with the Miami Dolphins, Team Rookie of the Year, Stefan Logan, signed with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Rob Murphy signed with the Toronto Argonauts and Jason Clermont and Charles Roberts were released. Otis Floyd and Tyrone Williams were later released and Jason Pottinger was traded to the Argonauts. They signed all-star linebacker Anton McKenzie, while trying to fill holes in their roster with their depth players from last year and new recruits from the US.
The season was notable for the team's use of five different quarterbacks – Buck Pierce started the year but gave way after injury to Jarious Jackson. When Jackson was injured, 3rd string QB Travis Lulay was pressed into action. Former Lion and league MVP Casey Printers then signed to the practice roster on October 8, and suited up as the third-string QB on October 9 in a game versus the Edmonton Eskimos. He then became the starting quarterback on October 24, in a 33–30 overtime loss to the Saskatchewan Roughriders.  In the season finale on November 6 against Edmonton, Printers was knocked out of the game with a broken thumb. In the last regular-season game 5th string quarterback Zac Champion played more than two quarters when Buck Pierce also went down.
Losing to each of the other 3 Western teams in successive games meant BC finished fourth and last. However, Hamilton defeated Winnipeg in their last game of the season, enabling the Lions to cross over to the Eastern Division's play-off format (ahead of both Winnipeg and Toronto). The Lions faced the Tiger-Cats in the Eastern semi-final in Hamilton on November 15 and won in overtime. The Lions then advanced the Eastern final against the Montreal Alouettes, but lost 56–18.

The 2009–10 offseason saw the club lose even more veterans, many who were cut by Buono, and others who left for the NFL. Quarterback Buck Pierce was released on March 9, 2010 after the return of Casey Printers meant that the injury-prone Pierce was expendable. The Lions also released former Special Teams Player of the Year Ian Smart, linebacker Javier Glatt and defensive back Lavar Glover, each of whom played a major role in the Lions' 2006 Grey Cup win. The team also lost Rolly Lumbala and Ryan Grice-Mullen to the NFL's Miami Dolphins, while rookie phenom Martell Mallett signed with the Philadelphia Eagles. Despite this, the club signed a number of proven CFL players, including Davis Sanchez and Keron Williams from the Montreal Alouettes, Jamal Robertson from the Toronto Argonauts and exiled former Bomber Derick Armstrong.
The 2010 BC Lions played all of their home games at their former site at the Pacific National Exhibition grounds at Empire Field while BC Place Stadium had a retractable roof installed. The Lions also staged their training camp in Kamloops, BC – the first of three over the next three years – as a part of the club's desire to represent the entire province.The season started out well for the Lions, with a win against Edmonton, but that success was short lived as the Lions lost their next seven consecutive games. Quarterback Casey Printers suffered a knee injury in game 3 against the Montreal Alouettes, which forced backup quarterback Travis Lulay to start the next three games. After losing to Toronto and the previously winless Eskimos, Lulay was replaced by Jarious Jackson in the fourth quarter in the August 7, 2010, contest against Calgary after demonstrating poor play and inexperience.
After the bye week, Printers returned and won three out of the five games he started, but due to his turnover-filled back-to-back performances, he was replaced with Lulay as the starter in game 13 against Winnipeg, which the Lions won. After Lulay had a minor injury in the following game, again against Winnipeg, Printers came into the game to protect a 21-point lead. The Blue Bombers stormed back to tie the game and force overtime, which was decided by Printers' game-clinching interception. It was Casey's last game with the Lions as Buono released him soon after the game. Consequently, Lulay became the starting quarterback, finishing the season 4–5 as a starter. The Lions won their last three games to qualify for the playoffs after Edmonton lost their final game of the season, but lost in double overtime to the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the West semi-final game.

 2011 Grey Cup champions 
The 2011 BC Lions season was perhaps one of the greatest season turnarounds in CFL history. The Lions entered the 2011 campaign with a lot of question marks. The team had almost exactly the same coaching staff as they had the year before, which had been criticized by many fans the past season. The team also lost a few key players, most notably Emmanuel Arceneaux to the NFL. As well, the team opted to go with inexperienced third-year QB Travis Lulay at quarterback.

Despite a questionable lineup, the Lions, as well as many fans and critics alike, believed that the team was good enough to win the Grey Cup, especially since the game was scheduled to be played in Vancouver at the newly renovated BC Place Stadium. However, the season started out with five straight losses which forced changes to be made. The Lions signed two notable CFL players; defensive back Tad Kornegay, who had just been released by Saskatchewan, and wide receiver Arland Bruce, who was acquired in a trade with Hamilton. The Lions got their first win of the season when they beat the Saskatchewan Roughriders 24–11 in week 6, but the following week, the Lions were swept by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers for the first time in ten years. Now sitting at 1–6, many fans and critics started to doubt the Lions playoff hopes, but after a convincing 36–1 win over the Edmonton Eskimos, the Lions went on a remarkable 8-game winning streak, skyrocketing the Leos all the way to the top of a very competitive West Division. The Lions winning streak ended after a 42–10 loss to Hamilton in week 17, but after that, the Lions won their last two games of the season, which included a 43–1 clobbering of the two-time defending Grey Cup champions Montreal Alouettes in the regular-season finale. After starting the season 0–5, the Lions rebounded to win 11 of their last 13 games to clinch 1st place in the West Division with an 11–7 record, as well as a bye in the first round of the playoffs and a home playoff game.
In the West Division Final, the Lions faced the Edmonton Eskimos, the same team that beat the Lions in the 2005 West final, which denied the Lions a home game in the Grey Cup, since Vancouver hosted the Grey Cup that year. However, in 2011, a home game in the Grey Cup is what the Lions got, as the Leos dominated the Eskimos 40–23 as the Lions advanced to the big game for the first time in five years. In the Grey Cup, the Lions were up against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers for only the second time in Grey Cup history. Although Winnipeg won both regular-season meetings with BC, the Lions went on to beat the Bombers 34–23 in front of a home crowd to win their 6th Grey Cup championship in franchise history. Travis Lulay was named Grey Cup Most Valuable Player, while Winnipeg native Andrew Harris was named Most Valuable Canadian. With the Grey Cup win, the BC Lions became the first team to start a season 0–5 and win the Grey Cup.
Head coach Wally Buono announced shortly after the Grey Cup that he would step down as head coach but would remain as vice president and general manager. The BC Lions were named The Canadian Press Team of the Year for 2011 in voting by sports editors and broadcasters across Canada.

 Missed opportunities and near-misses (2012–2019) 
Defensive coordinator Mike Benevides was promoted and announced as the team's new head coach on December 13, 2011.
Several veteran players left the team or were released prior to the start of the 2012 season. Defensive back Tad Kornegay was released by the Lions while all-star linebacker Solomon Elimimian and defensive tackle Aaron Hunt signed with the Minnesota Vikings and the Montreal Alouettes, respectively. The Lions did, however, manage to resign veteran cornerbacks Dante Marsh and Ryan Phillips during the free-agency period, as well as all-star defensive back Lin-J Shell and cornerback Byron Parker.
On December 19, 2014, Jeff Tedford was named the 25th head coach in franchise history after Mike Benevides had been let go November 20. The 2015 season saw the emergence of rookie quarterback Jonathan Jennings, who took over as the starter from Travis Lulay midway through the season. The 2015 season was the only one for Tedford, as he resigned after only one season where he led the lions to a 7–11 record, finishing third in the west and losing to Calgary in the playoffs. Upon Tedford's resignation, Wally Buono announced that he would return as head coach in 2016.
In Buono's first season back at the helm of the Lions, he guided the team to its first second-place finish in the West since 1986, with a 12–6 record, and defeated the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the West Semi-Final, only to lose to Calgary in the West Final. The following season, the Lions missed the playoffs for the first time since 1996, finishing in 5th and last place in the West with a 7–11 record. On November 30, 2017, Buono stepped down from his position as general manager, being replaced in that stead by Ed Hervey. Buono stayed on as head coach in 2018, but he also announced it would be his last season as coach for the team. The team finished 9–9, returning to the playoffs as a crossover team, losing to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the East Semi-Final 48–8. On December 18, 2018, DeVone Claybrooks was named Buono's successor at head coach for the Lions. He lasted only one season, finishing in 5th and last place in the West with a 5–13 mark, with Claybrooks fired on November 5. Former Ottawa Redblacks coach Rick Campbell was named the new head coach of the Lions on December 2, 2019.

 A new era, a new owner (2020–present) 
In October 2020, owner David Braley died, but left in his will funds for the BC Lions so that the team could continue to operate for several seasons. On August 18, 2021, the BC Lions were bought by Amar Doman, who runs two private companies in British Columbia, Futura Corporation and CanWel. After the cancellation of the 2020 CFL season, the Lions returned to play along with the rest of the CFL in 2021. However, the team languished in the shortened season, with a seven-game losing streak in the second half proving fatal to the team's season, and they finished 5–9, good for fourth in the West. 2022 saw the Lions return to the playoffs for the first time since 2018, guided by new quarterback Nathan Rourke, who led the team to a 12–6 and second place in the West. The Lions downed the Calgary Stampeders in the West Semi-Final, but their season ended at the hands of the two-time defending Grey Cup champion Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the West Final game. The 2023 season saw a similar finish, a 12–6 second-place finish in the West, defeating the Stampeders in the West Semi Final game, but losing again to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the West Final game.

 Current roster 

 Current coaching staff 

 Players and builders of note 

 Retired numbers 
The BC Lions have ten retired jersey numbers, second only to the Montreal Alouettes for the most in the Canadian Football League.

 Canadian Football Hall of Fame 

 BC Sports Hall of Fame 

 BC Lions Wall of Fame 
Located at Level 2 Inner Concourse between Sections 11 and 10 at BC Place Stadium.

 Football operations history 

 50th Anniversary Dream Team 
Selected by fan balloting in 2003

 Season-by-season records 

 Radio 
The BC Lions radio network consists of 15 stations:
CHMJ Vancouver (Flagship Station, 730 AM)
CFAX Victoria (1070 AM)
CKFR Kelowna (1150 AM)
CHNL Kamloops (610 AM)
CJNL Merritt (1230 AM)
CINL Ashcroft/Cache Creek (1340 AM)
CHNL-1 Clearwater (1400 AM)
CHNL-FM Sorrento/Shuswap (107.1 FM)
CHNL Logan Lake (106.7 FM)
CHNL Blue River/Valemount
CFNR Terrace/Thornhill (92.1 FM)
CFNR Kitimat/Nass Valley/Queen Charlotte Islands (96.1 FM)
CFNR Prince Rupert (98.1 FM)Notable broadcasters for the BC Lions include Canadian Football Hall of Fame inductee John Badham.

 Mascot 
Leo the Lion is the mascot for the BC Lions.

 See also 
BC Lions all-time records and statistics
Canadian Football Hall of Fame
Canadian football
Comparison of Canadian and American football
List of Canadian Football League seasons

 References 

 External links 

Official website
BC Lions page at Vancouver Sun Online Archived 2016-03-31 at the Wayback Machine
BC Lions page at TSN.ca
BCLionsDen.ca—Lions Fans Feast Here
LionBackers.com – an Essential site for BC Lions Fans
TSN Radio 1040 BC Lions Broadcaster Archived 2014-09-08 at the Wayback Machine
BC Lions Official MerchandiseBC Lions page at Oursportscentral.com
Official Facebook Page
Official Twitter Account
BC Lions page at The Pro Football Archives

List of National Democratic Alliance candidates for the 2024 Indian general election
This is a list of National Democratic Alliance candidates in the 2024 Indian general election.

 Seat sharing summary 

 Andaman and Nicobar Islands 
  BJP (1)

 Andhra Pradesh 
  TBD (25)

 Arunachal Pradesh 
  BJP (2)

 Assam 
  BJP (TBD)
  AGP (TBD)
  UPPL (TBD)

 Bihar 
  BJP (TBD) 
  JD(U) (TBD) 
  LJP (RV) (TBD) 
  RLJP (TBD) 
  HAM (TBD) 
  RLJD (TBD) 

 Chandigarh 
  BJP (1)

 Chhattisgarh 
  BJP (11)

 Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu 
  BJP (2)

 Goa 
  BJP (2)

 Gujarat 
  BJP (26)

 Haryana 

 Himachal Pradesh 
  BJP (4)

 Jammu and Kashmir 
  BJP (5)

 Jharkhand 
  BJP (TBD)
  AJSU (TBD)

 Karnataka 
  BJP (TBD)
  JD(S) (TBD) 

 Kerala 
  BJP (TBD)
  BDJS (TBD)

 Ladakh 
  BJP (1)

 Lakshadweep 
  BJP (1)

 Madhya Pradesh 
  BJP (29)

 Maharashtra 
  BJP (TBD)
  SHS (TBD)
  NCP(AP) (TBD)

 Manipur 
  BJP (2)

 Meghalaya 
  TBD (2)

 Mizoram 
  TBD (1)

 Nagaland 
  NDPP (1)

 NCT of Delhi 
  BJP (7)

 Odisha 
  BJP (21)

 Puducherry 
  AINRC (1)

 Punjab 
  TBD (13)

 Rajasthan 
  BJP (25)

 Sikkim 
  TBD (1)

 Tamil Nadu 
  TBD (39)

 Telangana 
  BJP (17)

 Tripura 
  BJP (2)

 Uttar Pradesh 
  BJP (TBD)
  AD(S) (TBD)
  NISHAD (TBD)
  SBSP (TBD)

 Uttarakhand 
  BJP (5)

 West Bengal 
  BJP (42)

 See also 
National Democratic Alliance
2024 Indian general election
List of National Democratic Alliance members

 References 

 External links 

Marianne Stanley
Marianne Crawford Stanley (born April 29, 1954) is an American basketball coach. She previously served as the  head coach of the Washington Mystics and Indiana Fever of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).Born in Yeadon, Pennsylvania, Stanley played high school basketball at Archbishop Prendergast High School  in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania.: 193–194   She was inducted into the Prendergast Hall of Fame in 2014.
After transferring from West Chester State College (now West Chester University),: 195  Stanley played collegiate basketball at Immaculata College. The women's basketball team played in six straight AIAW basketball tournament final fours from 1972 to 1977, five straight finals from 1972 to 1976. They won three consecutive national championships from 1972 to 1974. Among her teammates were future prominent women's coaches Theresa Grentz and Rene Portland. The team was featured for its 1970s accomplishments on a SportsCenter special on March 23, 2008.
On January 26, 1975, she played in the first nationally televised women's intercollegiate basketball game. Facing Maryland at Cole Field House, Immaculata won 80–48.
On February 22, 1975, she played in the first women's basketball game played in Madison Square Garden.  Immaculata beat Queens College 65–61.
The story of the basketball team was adapted into a movie, The Mighty Macs, which was released in 2011. The 1972–1974 teams were announced on April 7, 2014, as part of the 2014 induction class of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, and were formally inducted as a team on August 8, 2014. In 2022, Stanley and Theresa Grentz were inducted into the Naismith Hall for their subsequent accomplishments as college coaches.Stanley began her coaching career as an assistant at Immaculata under her former coach Cathy Rush. Stanley's first head coaching position was at Old Dominion University for the Lady Monarchs in 1977–78. In her first season, they won the NWIT tournament.  The Lady Monarchs went on to win the AIAW women's basketball tournament in 1979 and 1980. She took the 1984–85 team to the NCAA championship, finishing 31–3 overall and 6–0 in conference play.Stanley later coached at Penn, USC, Stanford and California joining the WNBA as an assistant with the Los Angeles Sparks in 2000. She joined the Mystics in 2001, and was named head coach of the team in 2002. That year Stanley earned WNBA Coach of the Year honors, guiding the Mystics to the Eastern Conference finals. She was also inducted into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame the same year.
Stanley joined the New York Liberty as an assistant coach in 2004. She returned to the college coaching ranks in Sept.of 2006 as an assistant to C. Vivian Stringer at Rutgers University. They guided the Scarlet Knights to the NCAA finals in 2007.
The WNBA came calling in 2008 and Marianne left to join Coach Michael Cooper staff with the Los Angeles Sparks as an assistant from 2008 through 2009, and rejoined the Mystics as an assistant coach in 2010.
On November 27, 2019, Stanley was introduced as the head coach of the Indiana Fever. Stanley coached parts of three seasons with the team, amassing an 14–49 record before she was fired on May 25, 2022.

 Coaching Record 

 References 

 External links 
Marianne Stanley Biography from WNBA.com
https://caselaw.findlaw.com/us-9th-circuit/1142433.html

6′2″
6'.2" (6 feet, 2 inches) is a 2005 Indian Tamil language thriller film directed by V. Senthil Kumar. The film stars Sathyaraj, newcomer Sunitha Varma and Vadivelu, whilst music for the film was composed by D. Imaan. The film was released on 12 May 2005.

 Plot 
James and Mr. White work in a call centre in Chennai. James witnesses the murder of Krishnamurthy, a labor union leader. He promises the police to identify the murderer. In order to crack the case, a police inspector Soundarapandian urges the lady informer Aishwarya to act as James's wife and stay in a house opposite to Krishnamurthy's. Upon coming to the house, the couple tries to crack the case. In this regard, they befriend the family, but soon, Krishnamurthy's father is also murdered. Towards the interval, one realises that James is the murderer. In order to avenge the murder of his parents by Krishnamurthy and his brother Ramamurthy a few years ago, James stays in the house opposite to theirs. With knowledge of his motive, Aishwarya promises to help him in bumping off Ramamurthy, who returns from Australia.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film marked the debut of V. Senthil Kumar who earlier assisted K. Bhagyaraj, Pravin Kanth and Sakthi Chidambaram. The filming was held at Chennai and Ooty.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by D. Imman.Lyrics were written by Pa. Vijay and Snehan.

 Reception 
IndiaGlitz wrote "Though the movie has enough suspense and thrills, it certainly lacks pace in the second half and goes monotonous. But for Sathyaraj, the movie certainly lacks sheen in the second half". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "It has a knot which had the potential to be turned into an engaging suspense thriller, and it has a couple of twists and turns that take the audience by surprise. But if only the debutant director had taken more care on weaving his screenplay, and had a tighter grip on his narration! There are too many loose ends here and too many distractions. So the knot with potential goes unexplored and the only interesting bits are the couple of twists and surprises in the script, the rest a hotch-potch of situations". Visual Dasan of Kalki praised the director for building the suspense, Sathyaraj's performance and Vadivelu's humour and concluded saying it was satisfying watching a detective movie after a long break.

 References 

 External links 
6′2″ at IMDb

Aadum Koothu
Aadum Koothu is a 2006 Tamil romantic drama film directed by T. V. Chandran and starring Navya Nair, Cheran, Prakash Raj, Aari Arujunan, Seeman, and Manorama. The film premiered at the 37th International Film Festival of India in 2006 and had a limited release across theatres in 2008. Later, Zee Tamizh telecast this film. The film received critical praise and won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil.

 Plot 
The film unfolds from the life of college student Manimekhala, a village girl who can see what others don't. A serious reader of modern literature from a southern district of Tamil Nadu, Manimekhala sees visions that no one believes. Later, incidents prove that what she says become true. She creates scenes whenever she has these illusions. The illusions are like a movie projected on an imaginary screen from her bangle presented by her fiancé Muthu. The bangle is actually made from molten celluloid. This projected movie roughly reveals the story of a couple of street performers in love and tortured by a lustful Zamindar, who tonsures the girl's head.
Even on the marriage stage, her bangle projects such a show specially for her, and she creates a scene ending in the cancellation of the marriage ceremony. Later, Muthu accompanies her to investigate what really happens. It leads to an old retired schoolmaster, who narrates the story of the dropped movie. In the later 1970s, this movie was actually made by an enthusiastic young director Gnanasekaran, and dropped midway due to a mishap. This retired man was enacting the role of the Zamindar in the film, and the plot was based on a real incident. The heroine is at first reluctant, when the director/hero tells her that her head will be really shaved and no special effects business. After persuasion, she agrees for the sake of reality. Meanwhile, the real Zamindar's son comes to the shooting spot and objects, stating that the real incident maligning his dad should not be canned. The master pacifies him saying that it is only an imaginary plot.
But the Zamindar's son returns with his bunch of hooligans and creates havoc in the shooting spot. The tonsured heroine is mentally disturbed and hangs herself, and the shooting comes to a halt. The director disappears, only to return as a Naxalite to annihilate the wicked Zamindar along with his unshaved revolutionary comrades. But he is encountered by the cops and shot down, and the period was the Emergency.
Manimekhala suddenly wields a camera and becomes a docu film maker and goes to the particular village again. There she meets the real Dalit woman, who was tonsured during the Zamindar's period, and interviews her. And she repeats the dialogues prompted by Manimekhala with a theatrical accent and a huge white wig. The Zamindar's grandson is also interviewed.

 Cast 

 References 

 External links 
Cast and Crew at Bollywood Hungama

1977 (film)
1977 is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by G. N. Dinesh Kumar. It stars R. Sarathkumar, Farzana and Namitha. The music was composed by  Vidyasagar. The film released to negative reviews although the film was remembered for Vivek's "Awas Anjing" (transl. beware of dogs) scene. The film was later dubbed into Hindi as 1977: The History Re-Written in 2010.

 Plot 
The film begins at a fishing hamlet in Tamil Nadu where an elderly Rajashekar is worshipped as "God Father" by many. His amiable ways of living won him many friends. His son Vetrivel is an acclaimed scientist. He is received with gusto by the whole village after he returns winning awards from Central government. Unfortunately, a glance at a vernacular on a news report on Malaysia shocks Rajashekar, who immediately develops cardiac arrest and dies. Vetrivel learns of the incident and decides to unravel the mystery behind the death. He sets off to Malaysia. Vetrivel gets acquainted with a local reporter Inba, who falls for him. With her help, he finds out a disturbing truth about his father's life. Rajashekar is former police officer in Malaysia who falls to the conspiracy of a baddie and is arrested for no fault of his. Rajashekar eventually pays the price for being honest by losing his family and settles down in Tamil Nadu with his young son.
In his quest to prove that his father is innocent, Vetrivel re-opens the case and gets the help of Chandhini a lawyer who is the daughter of erstwhile public prosecutor, Gaandivan, who argued against Rajashekar 30 years ago.  He also finds his mother in the process. The rest of the movie is all but how Vetrivel rewrites history, proves his father's innocence, and avenges the bad elements.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed  by Vidyasagar. Lyrics were written by Pa. Vijay, Na. Muthukumar and Jayantha.
Tracklist 1. "Arabi Kadal" - Sunitha Sarathy - Pa. Vijay
2. "Hawai Theevil" - KK, Sowmya Raoh - Pa. Vijay
3. "Ore Oru" - Krithika, Vijay Yesudas - Pa. Vijay
4. "Vangha Kadal" - Shankar Mahadevan - Na. Muthukumar
5. "Yenathu Uyire" - Madhu Balakrishnan, Sadhana Sargam - Jayantha

 Reception 
The film received negative reviews from critics. Sify stated "How long will Sarath Kumar go on doing double role as father and son? Sorry to say, the film is as avoidable as [a] migraine". Behindwoods rated 1 out of 5 and stated lackluster show. Rediff rated one-and-a-half out of five stars and stated that "1977 might have worked had it been released in 1977 and not in 2009!". The New Indian Express wrote that "One star, for Sarath Kumar, the stunts and for the sequences in Malaysia".

 References 

 External links 
1977 at IMDb

Aadhikkam
Aadhikkam (transl. Dominance) is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language thriller film directed by V. C. Guhanathan. The film stars Ranjith, Vignesh and Monal, with Satya Prakash, Chandra Lakshman, newcomer Aruna Giridhar and Indhu playing supporting roles. The low-budget film, produced by Nallai Ananthan, was released in 2005 after many delays. This was the official last film of Monal who died back in 2002, 3 years before the release.

 Plot 
Naaga (Ranjith) was a rowdy who secretly worked for Sub-Inspector Pandian (Satya Prakash) and helped the police solve cases. One day, the news reporter Lakshmi revealed Pandian's partnership with a rowdy to the media. The issue quickly mushroomed and made the front page. The scandal tarnished Pandian's reputation, and the promotion that he was waiting for so long was cancelled by his superiors. Naaga then kidnapped Lakshmi, and Pandian brutally raped her. Pandian ordered Naaga to kill her, but Naaga changed his mind and let her go.
Many years later, Lakshmi, who suffers from mental illness, is the mother of the little girl Devi (Baby Akshaya) born due to the rape. Guru is a TV serial and commercial actor who wants to become a cinema hero. One day, he finds his friend Julie dead in her home. The police arrested him for killing her. Jhansi, who loves Guru since her childhood, decides to get him out of prison and conducts an investigation alone. Desiring to know her father, Devi leaves her mother and grandfather in search of her father.
Naaga changed his name to Durai, saw the error of his ways, and repented. Naaga later takes Devi, lost in the city, and Jhansi, pursued by criminals, to his house. Thereafter, Naaga learns that Pandian, now promoted as Assistant Commissioner of Police, is the father of Devi and is behind Guru's arrest. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Chandrabose, with lyrics written by Vairamuthu and Mu. Metha.

 Reception 
Chennai Online wrote "It's a hop, skip and jump style of narration and scripting. Hopping unsteadily without any focus. Skipping over continuity factors."

 References 

 External links 
Aadhikkam at IMDb

Aavani Thingal
Aavani Thingal (transl. Aavani Monday) is a 2006 Indian Tamil language romantic drama film directed by Harikrishna. The film stars newcomers Subramanian Gopalakrishnan, Tejini and Mathisha, with Livingston, Kadhal Sukumar, Delhi Kumar, Ajay Rathnam, Ramkumar, Lavanya and Sundari playing supporting roles. It was released on 17 November 2006.

 Plot 
In a remote village, Rasappa is an orphan who works as a servant in the house of the local bigwig Periyavar. Rasappa wants to get married and his friend Singamuthu recommends him to meet Ponnusamy. Ponnusamy is a marriage broker who had failed to arrange the marriage of his three elder daughters and they all eloped with their boyfriends. Gayathri is Ponnusamy's daughter and her mother Saroja wants her to have an arranged marriage. In the meantime, Periyavar's granddaughter Deepika, a modern city woman, comes to the village after her engagement to live in her grandfather's house. Soon, Rasappa and Deepika have a misunderstanding and they start to quarrel for every small thing. Rasappa who falls in love with Gayathri asks her parents to give their daughter in marriage but her mother Saroja refuses and humiliates him. The heartbroken Rasappa finally understands that without money no one will be interested in giving their daughter in marriage. To earn more money, Rasappa takes up a high-risk job as a bomb-setter for drilling wells. Rasappa soon becomes wealthy thanks to his hard work.
Gayathri's parents eventually accept to give their daughter in marriage. One week before the marriage, Rasappa has a severe accident while setting a bomb in a well because of the naughty behaviour of Deepika. Rasappa survived the explosion but has lost his right arm, therefore, the marriage is cancelled. Feeling guilty for what happened to Rasappa, Deepika decides to help him to find a bride. After many failed attempts, they find the beautiful Rasathi who accepts to marry Rasappa despite being an amputee man. The day before the marriage, Rasappa finds out that Rasathi is a fraud who had married many men before and eloped on the very next day with their valuable belongings. He decides to not call off the marriage. Deepika who is aware of the situation asks Rasappa to marry her the next morning at the village temple in secret. The next morning, Rasappa comes to the temple and refuses to marry Deepika. To Deepika's surprise, Gayathri and her family come to the temple. Gayathri tells Deepika that she fell in love with Rasappa after the betrothal. Her parents say that Rasappa is a gem of a person and are willing to give him their daughter in marriage. The film ends with Rasappa and Gayathri getting married.

 Cast 

 Production 
Harikrishna, a one-time associate of director K. S. Ravikumar, made his directorial debut with Aavani Thingal under the banner of Rayar Films International. Newcomer Subramanian Gopalakrishnan (credited as Srikumar) was selected to play the lead role. Newcomer Tejini, a theatre artist in Mumbai who had acted in few stageplays before, and Mathisha were chosen to play the heroines. A major portion of the film was shot in Udumalaipettai, Pollachi and Chalakudy. Speaking of the film, the director said, "It is a romantic entertainer with a different storyline".

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by R. Shankar. The soundtrack features 6 tracks.

 Reception 
Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote that "The debutant director has attempted to give a clean, wholesome entertainer sans violence or overt glamour. The scenes have a natural build-up, and the narration is steady paced, though a bit leisurely at times".

 References 

1999 (film)
1999 is a 2009 Canadian crime drama film written and directed by Lenin M. Sivam. It had its world premiere at the 2009 Vancouver International Film Festival (VIFF).
The film explores the Toronto Sri Lankan gang scene in the late 1990s. With a time frame that spans less than 24 hours, it attempts to delve deep inside the Tamil gang community. It opens with a shooting that results in the end of a peace treaty between two rival gangs in Scarborough. With investigators closing in and rival gang members out for revenge, 1999 maps out the toll that gang participation takes not only on the individual, but the direct impacts it has on family and community.
The film received the CBC Audience Choice Award at the 2010 ReelWorld Film Festival, was one of the top 10 Canadian films at Vancouver International Film Festival, and received the Midnight Sun Award at the 2010 Oslo Tamil Film Festival.

 Awards and recognitions 
CBC Reel Audience Choice Award, ReelWorld Film Festival in April 2010
Best Film Award (Midnight Sun), Oslo Tamil Film Festival in February 2010
Top 10 Canadian Films, Vancouver International Film Festival in October 2009
Official Selection,  Toronto Tamil Studies Conference in May 2010
Best Feature Film Award, Toronto Independent Art Film Society (IAFS) in June 2010
Official Selection,  University of Toronto Cinema Studies Student Union (CINSSU)  in March 2010
Official Selection, York University Centre for Asian Research (YCAR) in September 2010
Part of the 'Best Features' Showcase,  Toronto 2010 Moving Image Film Festival (MIFF) in October 2010
Official Selection, Swiss South Indian Film Festival (SSIFF) in October 2010
Official Selection, Illankai Tamil Sangam (ITS) in November 2010
Official Selection, Canadian Tamil Film Festival (CTFF) in January 2011
Official Selection, London Happy Soul Festival (HSF) in June 2011
Best Feature Film Award, Chennai Ulagayutha International Tamil Film Festival (CUITFF) in July 2011

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack of 1999 was composed by Raj Thillaiyampalam except for tracks "Struggle" and "Angel Remix", which were composed by Hemo from Lyrically Strapped. It was produced by Lenin M. Sivam.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
1999 at IMDb

Aandan Adimai
Aandan Adimai is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language drama film, directed by Manivannan, starring Sathyaraj, Suvaluxmi and Divyaa Unni. It was released on 14 November 2001.

 Cast 

 Production 
In the late 1990s, Manivannan attempted to make a film starring Sathyaraj, Prabhu and Livingston together titled Makkal Nanban. The film failed to take off, and he moved on to make Aandan Adimai.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "Aandaan Adimai means well and if the incidents brought in had been presented with force the film may have made an impact." Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "Though one should commend the director for making a sincere attempt to tackle a controversial problem, one wishes the script was better crafted and the scenes had more depth". Visual Dasan of Kalki praised for handling the subject without any campaigning tone, Ilayaraja's music, Shankar's cinematography but panned the editing.

 References 

 External links 
Aandan Adimai at IMDb

Aadatha Aattamellam
Aadatha Aattamellam is a 2009 Tamil language drama film directed by A. B. Azhagar and produced by T. Radhakrishnan Kabilan. The film stars Ravi Ganesh, Bharathi and Jenny Jasmine, with Mansoor Ali Khan, T. P. Gajendran, Rishi and Srinath playing supporting roles. It was released after on 27 March 2009, after three years of production delays. The film marked the debut of Meera Jasmine's sister Jenny Jasmine in Tamil cinema.

 Plot 
The film begins with Ashok (Ravi Ganesh) being urgently transported to the hospital by his sister Sudha (Jenny Jasmine) and his brother-in-law Kannan (Rishi).
Sudha and Ashok are orphan siblings. When their parents committed suicide due to debts, Sudha had to support her little brother; so she had to raise him like a mother. In addition to working hard at school, Sudha worked in a petrol station. As the years passed by, Sudha became a bank receptionist and Ashok grew to become a basketball player. Ashok and his college mate Divya (Bharathi) fell in love with each other. First reluctant, Sudha accepted to marry Kannan, a marketing manager. What matters the most to Sudha was her brother, so she imposed one condition to Kannan: that her brother lives with them after the marriage. They eventually married, but married life was not as she expected as the in-laws refused her condition. Ashok was then forced to live in his college hostel, where he became a drug addict. Ashok could neither perform well in basketball games nor focus on studies and was eventually suspended from his college. So Sudha took him to her home, but the situation had only worsened as his addiction hurt his entourage. Ashok was then rejected by his friends, his girlfriend, and even his sister. During an argument with his sister and his brother-in-law, Ashok accidentally fell off a building.
Back to the present, Ashok dies in the hospital bed in front of his helpless sister Sudha.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by A. R. Reihana. The soundtrack, released in 2006, features 5 tracks. The audio was launched alongside director K. Balachander, V. Z. Durai, Gana Ulaganathan, Chintamani Murugesan, Bharathi and Jenny Jasmine.

 Reception 
Behindwoods.com wrote, "The movie’s story talks about the ill-effects of doing drugs, but sadly the effort falls flat — courtesy the slipshod direction, camera, editing and the sorry performances of actors" and concluded with, "Save yourself, from drugs and the movie".

 References 

Aalukkoru Aasai
Aalukkoru Aasai (transl. Different things appeal to different people) is an Indian Tamil-language comedy drama film directed by V. Sekhar, starring Sathyaraj, Meena and Vadivelu.

 Synopsis 
Arivazhagan is a man who dreams of marrying an educated, employed girl, building a dream house of his own, and having one child. Due to a trick of his scheming orthodox grandparents, he instead finds himself married to Angala – an illiterate rustic whose dreams are confined to marrying a swarthy man, having a dozen kids and visiting temples. Her dreams came true and Arivazhagan's dreams of a modern lifestyle are destroyed one by one. Meanwhile, Arivazhagan's friend Pazhani hoodwinks his own wife Govindamma Pazhani and has many affairs. As the two men cheat on their wives, a hooker Manthara develops a soft spot for Sathyaraj. Eventually, Arivazhagan and Pazhani leave their family and stay at Manthara's house for a short period. In the end, Arivazhagan happily goes back to his wife

 Cast 
Sathyaraj as Arivazhagan
Meena as Angala Parmeshweri (Eshwari)
Raasi as Manthra
Vadivelu as Pazhani
Kalpana as Govindamma Pazhani
Senthil as Arivazhagan's grandfather
Vadivukkarasi as Arivazhagan's grandmother
Delhi Ganesh as Eshwari's father
Sindhu as Eshwari's stepmother
Master Mahendran as Saravanan, Pazhani's son
Minnal Deepa as Sheela

 Production 
Sneha was approached for the lead role but she refused to pair with Sathyaraj and she was replaced by Meena pairing with Sathyaraj for the fourth time.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by S. A. Rajkumar, while lyrics were written by Ravi Bharathi, Palani Bharathi, Pa. Vijay, Kabilan and Nandalala. New Straits Times cited Rajkumar "lost his magic" and called the songs "below average".

 Reception 
Bizhat wrote "The whole film looks like a stage play and all the characters speak lengthy dialogues, testing one's patience. In this age of technological advancement, the director V. Shekar takes us forty years back with his story and screenplay". BBthots.com wrote "Aalukkoru Aasai seems suspiciously like a movie that was started with only the basic premise of conflict in hand and no ideas about the resolution of the conflict. The movie sets up an interesting situation and even manages to raise some laughs along the way. But it then gets lost completely and never recovers. The director has no clue about the direction to adopt, whether with the storyline or with the characters of the main players. The result is a movie with a confusing story-line and characters that are stupid and easy to dislike". Chennai Online wrote "it looked like director V. Sekhar had the potential plot to build upon his story-line and to justify his title. But it doesn't quite turn out that way! After the initial promise, the script soon loses focus, the issues get muddled, and the dreams and desires of the characters take a back seat".

 References 

 External links 
Aalukkoru Aasai at IMDb

Adaikalam
Adaikalam (; transl. Shelter) is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Bhuvanaraja and produced by N. Sri Narayanathas for Kaladas Creations. The film stars Prashanth, Uma, Thiagarajan, and Saranya with a score composed by Sabesh–Murali. The film was released on 29 December 2006.

 Plot 
Anbu is a doctor and also a lovable brother of Thamizh, who are the son and daughter of Kasthuri. Somasundaram, is Anbu's uncle who takes care of Thamizh and her family. One day Anbu learns about Thamizh's love and arranges for the marriage. During wedding preparations unexpectedly, Kasthuri dies out of shock. Hence Somasundaram calls Anbu's father Sathyamurthy, who was separated from Kasthuri long ago. Anbu is infuriated and argues with Somasundaram not to allow Sathyamurthy to conduct the funeral and rituals. Sathyamurthy is repeatedly snubbed by his children; unperturbed by their mistreatment, he stays quietly with his family, bearing this agony. As story moves on, Sathyamurthy feels sad and shares his story to Somasundaram. Somasundaram narrates the flashback to Anbu and Thamizh and reveals their father's real story.
Sixteen years back, Sathyamurthy and Kasthuri, with their two children, were living happily. When Kasthuri gets pregnant for the third time, Sathyamurthy requests her to abort the baby on doctors' advice. But Kasthuri was adamant to continue bearing the child, so she quarrels with her husband, leaves him abruptly, walks away with her children, and spends the rest of her life with her brother. When she is unconscious, the doctor had aborted the child. After finishing the flashback, Somasundaram says that all their financial needs and wants were fulfilled indirectly by Sathyamurthy from their childhood and for their education also. At last Anbu and Thamizh realise the truth and they accept and reunite with his children.

 Cast 
Prashanth as Anbu
Uma as Thamizh
Thiagarajan as Sathyamurthy
Saranya Ponvannan as Kasthuri
Radharavi as Somasundaram
Ravichandran as Thamizh's father-in-law
Nalini as Doctor
Hemalatha as Amudha
Periya Karuppu Thevar
Kottachi

 Production 
Production for the film began in August 2004 with Prashanth and Uma signed on to play a brother and sister in the film. The film was revealed to be produced by Kaladass Creations, who had earlier produced Balu Mahendra's Veedu (1988), while it would be directed by debutant Bhuvanaraja. Bhuvanaraja had earlier narrated two different scripts to Prashanth and by chance mentioned a partial storyline for a third, with the actor impressed with the final one. Unlike most other Tamil-language films, Adaikalam did not feature a romantic sub-plot for the lead character and Prashanth appreciated that he had accepted to work on the film purely for its strong script and screenplay. He cast Prashanth's real life father, Thiagarajan, in a pivotal role while actress Nalini worked on the film free of charge after being impressed with the film's story. The shoot for the film continued throughout regions in Kanyakumari in October 2004.The film was reported to be ready for release in April 2005. Once the film was completed, the release was delayed after the producer became caught up with business commitments abroad. The film was further delayed as they did not want to clash with other films with similar themes such as Cheran's Thavamai Thavamirundhu (2005) and Thirumurugan's Em Magan (2006). Subsequently, the director went on to start and work on another film titled Brindavanathil Nandakumaran, though it later did not release. A press-meet was held in November 2006, where the makers revealed that all production hurdles had been passed and subsequently released a trailer for the film.

 Release 
The film opened on 29 December 2006. Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "'Adaikkalam' is for those who look for a reasonable amount of reality in cinema. Bhuvanaraja has waited long enough for the film to see the light of day. Now that it has, more such breaks ought to follow. The maker deserves it." Indiaglitz.com gave the film a positive review mentioning "director Bhuvanaraja can be appreciated for the fact that he has not taken recourse to the many short ways. He has stuck to the simple path and delivered a good cinema. It maybe slow in places, but it doesn't pull a fast one on you. That's where Adaikalam is different." Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "It's a tale of family bonding, the script a little different and unusual, and narrated with fair competence. The debutant director has had his training with directors like Balu Mahendra and has tried to give his film a realistic emotional feel throughout".

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by the duo Sabesh–Murali.

 References 

 External links 
Adaikalam at IMDb

Aasai Aasaiyai
Aasai Aasaiyai is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romance film directed by Ravi Mariya. This film was the debut of famous producer R. B. Choudary's fourth son, Jiiva. The female lead role was done by Sharmelee. The music was composed by Mani Sharma. This is the golden jubilee of "Super Good Films" movie production company. Song lyrics were penned by Vairamuthu and Ravi Mariya.

 Plot 
The story revolves around Vinod (Jiiva), who aspires to become a businessman after completing his bachelor's degree. His parents keep nudging him to find a job. He also works part-time as a private detective. He is assigned a detective job to follow a girl and find out her general activities and also if she is in love with anyone. While doing this job, he eventually falls in love with the girl Brinda (Sharmelee) and quits his detective job. Brinda, who is the daughter of a rich gold seller Sankaranarayanan (Nasser), has a policy to not love anyone as her sister eloped with a guy in the past and her father had suffered a heart attack. But eventually, Brinda falls in love with Vinod.
Vinod and Brinda come to an agreement that both should prioritize their goals first and they should never meet unless their goals are met. Vinod aspires to start a business of his own while Brinda aspires to complete her college degree with high scores. Vinod starts an apparel showroom and grows big. He is also made the secretary of traders association for which Sankaranarayanan is the president. Vinod gets into good books of Sankaranarayanan due to his hard working nature and good manners. Similarly Brinda finishes her education with flying colours and awards.
Sankaranarayanan arranges Brinda's wedding with his friend Srinivasan (Anandraj), an IPS officer's son. But Srinivas with the help of a detective Ravi (Ravi Mariya) understands about Brinda's love for Vinod and their intention to prioritize family and goals first. Srinivasan reveals this to Sankaranayan and he feels proud of Brinda and he agrees to get her married to Vinod. Finally, Vinod and Brinda are reunited.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 

 Reception 
Balaji Balasubramaniam of bbthots.com said that the film, "has all the aforementioned characteristics but unfortunately, is also needlessly vulgar in its portrayal of romance" and added that "Jeeva delivers a good performance. [...] Sharmilee is a tad below him in terms of performance but isn't particularly bad either. But the debutante comedian is irritating and never funny". Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu said, "Jerks in the narration and unexplained sequences make certain situations appear distorted [...] Nearly every Mani Sharma number reminds you of an old song" and concluded, "Supergood Films could have surely done better in its 50th venture". Sify wrote, "The story, screenplay, dialogues and direction are credited to debutant Ravi Mariya, but sadly the film fails to impress. The film is a rehash of many love stories in the past including Fazil's Kadhalukku Mariyadhai" and added, "The debutant boy Jeeva is cool and has done his homework well. He proves to be star material while TV anchor Sharmilee is disappointing". Another critic noted, "This isn't an instant movie classic, but then it surely ain't as bad as the majority of critics want you to believe either. Instead one should relax and enjoy".

 References 

Aayudham (2005 film)
Aayudham (transl. Weapon) is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by M. A. Murugesh. It stars Prashanth and Sneha, while Vadivelu, Subbaraju, Rajesh, and Janagaraj play supporting roles. Featuring music composed by Dhina, the film released on 14 January 2005 to mixed reviews from film critics and became an average success.

 Plot 
Siva is admitted to a medical college in Chennai. His police constable father, gets a transfer to Chennai, as well, so that he can keep an eye on his son. Siva soon develops a liking towards Mahalakshmi, his collegemate. However, Naga, Maha's servant-maid's son and the dreaded don of Chennai city, is obsessed with making Maha his own. It is now upto Siva to rescue Maha and her family from Naga's clutches.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film was directed by M. A. Murugesh, who had previously directed the film, Indru Mudhal (2003). Sneha was selected to play the lead female role and began work on the film in May 2004. A major portion of the film was shot at Chennai Trade Center at Nandambakkam near Chennai, while 2 songs were filmed in London. The first schedule of the film commenced in Chennai, where a dance number was shot at a lavish set costing Rs 40 lakh at the AVM Studios, where Prashanth and fifty dancers took part. The second schedule of forty days was held at locations in Madurai, Thoothukudi, Tirunelveli, Kanyakumari and Nagercoil. Dance choreographer Dinesh choreographed two dance numbers - one in which Prashanth and Mumbai's Minal took part, the other where he danced with Rasna, a Mumbai model. Fifty girls from the musical, Bombay Dreams, were selected to feature in Sungadi saris during a song shoot at Trafalgar Square.

 Release 
The film opened to mixed reviews in January 2005 alongside three other Tamil films. Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu noted that "it's all very fine if you are not looking for anything innovative in the entertainment offered", adding that "Prashanth is too experienced an actor to goof up the role. He plays Siva with ease. And as always he is more at home in action" and that "Sneha makes proper use of the couple of scenes that offer her a little scope to perform." Sify.com noted that film was "below average" and added "The film looks like a poor man’s Ghilli and the story is as old as the hills with no semblance of either style or substance." Visual Dasan of Kalki wrote that Aayudham had taken the single line plot from third rated masala films like Jayam and Ghilli. He said exaggerations are key in such stories, but in Aayudham, the director was very careful to portray every scene in an interesting way and succeeded in it.The film performed average at the Tamil Nadu box office. The film's release was hampered by the Boxing Day Tsunami which also hit Chennai.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Dhina. The soundtrack was released on 17 December 2004 and received a positive response, with a critic labelling the album as "enjoyable".

 References 

 External links 
Aayudham at IMDb

Aahaa Ethanai Azhagu
Aahaa Ethanai Azhagu (transl. Wow! What Beauty) is a 2003 Tamil language romantic drama film directed by Kanmani The film starred Mithun, Charmy, Nassar, and Pyramid Natarajan. The film was produced by J S Pankaj Mehta. Aha Ethanai Azhagu also has Nassar, Ranjitha, Fathima Babu, Pyramid Natarajan, Devan, Dhamu, Karunas and Pallavi in the cast. Kanmani directs the film, where popular Kannada actress Bhavana also plays an important role. A. Venkatesh is the cameraman and Vidyasagar is the music director. Actress Charmy Kaur's final film in Tamil cinema, until 12 years later she made her comeback in 10 Endrathukulla (2015).

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Music was composed by Vidyasagar. He has introduced a Mumbai singer Sujatha Bhattacharya, better known as Madhushree.

 Reception 
Sify wrote "This is yet another stale love story, which is far from having logic or sense". Chennai Online wrote "It's a fairly average entertainer, but what is commendable is that the director does not waste much time in moving the story forward, by too many of those 'accidental encounter' type of scenes. He keeps the pace going, removing each hurdle as it crops up in the story, and moves to the climax briskly". The Hindu wrote "Little else can be said about a film that has neither major gaffes nor unforgettable highlights".

 References 

18 Vayasu Puyale
18 Vayasu Puyale (transl. 18 years Storm) is a 2007 Tamil language romance film directed by M. Vijay. The film stars newcomer Ajay Pradeep and Preethi Varma, with Rajesh, Nalini, Fathima Babu, Thanalakshmi, Babu, Vennira Aadai Moorthy, Lollu Sabha Balaji, Pandu, Srilatha, and Scissor Manohar playing supporting roles. The film was produced by M. S. Tamilarasan and M. Illias. It had musical score by Leo, cinematography by Rajarajan, and editing by P. Sai Suresh. The film was released on 14 September 2007.

 Plot 
The storyline revolves around Surya (Ajay Pradeep), a college dropout and good-for-nothing guy. Surya is from a middle-class family and lives with his father Ramakrishnan (Rajesh), mother Seetha (Fathima Babu), and little sister Divya (Thanalakshmi). Ramakrishnan advised Surya to be more responsible and find a job as quickly as possible. Surya, with a certificate on hand, decides to look for a job. One day, at a pedestrian crossing, Surya falls in love at first sight with a girl named Pooja (Preethi Varma).
Surya starts hanging out with his friends in his lover's college. Surya tries to impress Pooja by acting like a hero and offering her gifts, but she refuses to accept his love. Pooja tells him that she does not believe in love marriage. Surya, with his parents, arranged a meeting at the groom's house, where he made a marriage proposal to Pooja. Pooja and her family agree to an arranged marriage. Surya and Pooja eventually get married.
All of these events turn out to be Surya's imagination. At the pedestrian crossing, Surya is immersed in his dreams and gets hit by a car, so Gayathri (Preethi Varma) takes the seriously wounded Surya to the nearby hospital, and he is saved by the doctors. Afterwards, Surya starts the quest to find his lover Gayathri. Gayathri lives with her aunt Vasantha (Nalini), a ruthless loan shark who wants all of her wealth, and her psychopath cousin Gaja (Babu), who wants to marry her. After the death of her parents, Gayathri found herself alone and became depressed. She needed the love of a person, so she runs away from her aunt's house. Thereafter, she tries to commit suicide by jumping off a cliff, but Surya, who passed through, saves her. Surya then reveals that he is crazy about her and wants to marry her. First completely disoriented, Gayathri finally accepts his proposal. Mad with rage, Vasantha and Gaja are looking for Gayathri. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film director M. Vijay claimed that, "the screenplay of his movie was set in a novel and different fashion" and added, "This kind of screenplay may strike a note of similarity with Virumaandi where the first half and the second half of the film were two different interpretations of the same incidents". He stated that "the film will have all the commercial elements like kuthupaatu, comedy etc". Newcomer Leo had scored music for the film. The story of the film is about 18-year-olds who let their imagination run riot. The scenes which happened in Preethi Varma's real life were reflected in this film. However, the thing was that all of these scenes were shot much earlier than her real life elopement episode.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Leo. The soundtrack, released on 23 April 2007, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Snehan, Balaji, and R. P. Ilayaraaja.

 References 

Alli Thandha Vaanam
Alli Thandha Vaanam (transl. The sky gave me too much) is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language masala film directed by Sreedhar Prasadh (VIJI). The film stars Prabhu Deva, Laila and Neha Bajpai, with Prakash Raj, Vivek, Moulee, and Rajeev playing supporting roles. Murali appeared in a guest role. The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Vidyasagar. The film was released on 5 September 2001. This film marked Neha's one and only Tamil film that she ever acted .

 Plot 
Sathyam is the carefree son of a rich businessman, owner of Sathyam Mills Lakshmipathi. He has been in New York for his college studies and returns to Coimbatore after 5 years. Prakash, Sathyam's cousin, has continuously spoiled Satyam by secretly sending him money to spend away in the US, as Prakash wants to inherit Sathyam Mills. Disappointed by Sathyam's bohemian behaviour, Lakshmipathi asks Satyam to spend three months alone on the streets of Chennai to learn the value of money. He would have no money and could not use the information of who he is or his education (paid by his father), to gain favour or make a living from anyone.
So Sathyam sets out and from the very start, meets Divya, who plays an overexuberant 21 year girl, who cries or laughs constantly. In the next frame, he saves Meenakshi in the style of MGR from would-be rapists, and in the third, he meets Julie, they both take each other as siblings. Sathyam promises Julie that he will help find her mother. Together they set out on a journey in search of her mum and to make a living (to survive to meet the daily need; food, shelter and medicine). Julie has her own sad story. He sees Meenakshi again, and the two of them fall in love.
Julie and Sathyam steal a suitcase from Madhavan (Murali) but later that night find out it is full of medicine. Without his medicine, Madhavan falls unconscious. Satyam goes to return the medicine and finds him unconscious. He then takes him to the hospital and learns he is going to need ₹ 5 lakhs to save him as he almost inadvertently killed him.
So Satyam enters the house of billionaire (Rajeev) Divya's father, pretending to be his long-lost son Madhavan. He clears all confusion, reunites Madhavan with his dad and convinces Divya to let go of him. Prakash finds out about Sathyam and plans to kill him. Madhavan and Sathyam defeat Prakash and hand him over to the Police. Sathyam marries Meena and returns to his home with success.

 Cast 

 Production 
The role played by Murali was initially intended to be played by Karthik. Similarly Laila replaced Sneha in the lead female role.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Vidyasagar. The soundtrack features 7 tracks. Vidyasagar later reused "Vaadi Vaadi" as "Elu Elu Eloroda" for Telugu film Ottesi Cheputunna. The hook music of "Vaadi Vaadi" was used in song "Aa Re Pritam Pyare" in the Hindi film Rowdy Rathore.

 References 

 External links 
Alli Thandha Vaanam at IMDb

Album (2002 film)
Album is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by Vasanthabalan making his directorial debut, starring newcomer Rajesh and Shrutika. The story portrays the love and affection between two families. The film, produced by Kavithalayaa Productions, was Vasanthabalan's directorial debut and became an average success. It is however best known for featuring the popular chartbuster track "Chellame Chellam" from Karthik Raja's soundtrack to the film, which was award-winning playback singer Shreya Ghoshal's first song in Tamil language. 

 Plot 
The film revolves around Jeeva and Viji's families, who are neighbors to each other. Viji falls in love with Jeeva, and they both start loving each other. How they over come their hurdles and unite forms the story.

 Cast 

 Release 
The satellite rights of the film were sold to Jaya TV.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack, featuring seven tracks, was composed by Karthik Raja. The song "Chellame Chellam" became very popular and emerged a chartbuster. It was notably the first Tamil song rendered by acclaimed singer Shreya Ghoshal for a Tamil film soundtrack. Karthik Raja's father, Ilaiyaraaja, and his sister, Bhavatharini, had performed each one song as well.

 Release 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu opined that "Acting to avoid a contrived storyline and melodrama is fine. But then, in a film, something has to keep happening for the tempo to be sustained". Chennai Online wrote "It's a bland affair, where you wait for something to happen. Like, a twist or a turn, or some conflict. And then you keep waiting and waiting, till you realise that there's no more wait since the film has come to an end".

 References 

 External links 
Album at IMDb

Bas Yun Hi
Bas Yun Hi (transl. Just like that) is a 2003 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film directed by Raja Krishna Menon. The film stars Purab Kohli, of Channel V fame, and Nandita Das.

 Cast 
Purab Kohli as Aditya
Nandita Das as Veda
Rajiv Gopalakrishnan as Rohan
Sameer Malhotra as Kabir
Sandhya Shetty as Saraswathy alias Sara
Tannishtha Chatterjee as Sona
Parmita Katkar as Tara

 Release 
Rediff wrote that "Though shorter in length than a commercial movie, it still drags. The filmmakers may have tried to portray a slice of urban life. They probably did not realise it would take more than just a prank to show its true colours". Bollywood Hungama gave the film a rating of one out of five stars and wrote that "On the whole, BAS YUN HI neither entertains, nor enlightens. It may appeal to a very, very small segment of cinegoers ï¿½ the college crowd only ï¿½ but even they won't come out feeling satiated. Poor".

 Soundtrack 
Bas Yun Hi - Mehnaaz
Ek Ajnabi Haseena Se - KK
Kaise Kahoon Kya Ho Gaya - Shaan, Vivenne Pocha
Jao Na Yun Chodkar - KK
Ittefaq - Mehnaaz
Ye Kaisa Ehsaas Hai - KK, Mahalaxmi Iyer
Mix Yun Hi - Abhay Rumde

 References 

 External links 
Bas Yun Hi at IMDb

Agra (2007 film)
Agra is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Chithiraiselvan, starring Vikas and Emi Mohan. It was released on 8 November 2007.

 Plot 

 Cast 

 Production 
The film marked the acting debut of Vikas, the son of dance choreographer John Babu. In December of 2006, the crew of the film undertook a promotional campaign to ask the public to vote for the Agra-centred Taj Mahal in the New 7 Wonders of the World campaign organised by New 7 Wonders Foundation.In 2013, six years after the film's release, the film's director and producer P. Chithiraiselvan was arrested for failing to pay back loans on sums taken out for the production of Agra and Thalaivan (2014).

 Reception 
The film was released on 8 November 2007, coinciding with the festival of Diwali. In the review by Sify.com, the critic noted "Agra, is a simple straightforward love story, packaged with enough steamy scenes to attract the audiences and carrying an "A" certificate with cuts from the censors", adding "the film's main attraction is the steamy scenes in the first half and a sizzling provocative item number from Abhinayashree post-interval". Malini Mannath of ChennaiOnline.com wrote "The debutant director has chosen some eye-catching locations as the backdrop for his scenes. But the script is weakly etched". The reviewer added "The most irrelevant part of the script, these seem to be a desperate attempt by a debutant director to hard-sell a love-caper with the help of some sleaze." A reviewer from Webdunia also gave the film a negative review, calling out the film's adult theme.

 References 

 External links 
Agra at IMDb

Aarya (film)
Aarya is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Balasekaran and produced by Manoj Kumar and Vijay Anandan. The film stars R. Madhavan and Bhavana, while Prakash Raj and Vadivelu appear in supporting roles. The film's music was composed by Mani Sharma with cinematography by K. V. Guhan and editing by V. Jaisankar. The venture had a theatrical release across Tamil Nadu on 10 August 2007.

 Plot 
Deepika (Bhavana) is an arrogant, rich girl and the sister of local don Kasi (Prakash Raj). She is a medical college student and dictates terms at the college. In the college, she is feared by students, professors, and even the college dean. Enters Aarya (R. Madhavan), a final-year student who comes to Chennai Medical College from Coimbatore. A soft-spoken Aarya runs into Deepika. They give each other the cold shoulder. In a fit of rage, Deepika kidnaps Aarya's sister, but Aarya faces her challenges daringly. However, she soon falls in love with him, but he is not ready to marry a ruffian's sister. The remaining story tells us how the brother and sister put pressure on Aarya to become a rowdy so his status is equal enough as Kasi's so Aarya can marry Deepika. Meanwhile, "Snake" Babu (Vadivelu) is elected the area councilor and has a few encounters with Aarya and one with Deepika. Finally, Deepika changes her ways, and with her brother's blessings, unites with Aarya.

 Cast 

 Production 
R. Madhavan agreed to work on the film during early September 2005 and announced he would feature in a film being made by director Manoj Kumar, after completing work on Thambi (2006). Manoj Kumar assigned Balasekaran to direct the film, a romantic comedy where Madhavan would portray a medical student. Malayalam actress Bhavana was signed on to appear on the film during October 2005, while Prakash Raj was selected to portray her brother, the antagonist of the film. Actress Tejashree was selected ahead of Madhumitha for a role in the film.The film was shot throughout late 2005 and early 2006, with a simultaneous Telugu version shot featuring Sunil in place of Vadivelu. Fair and Lovely, a brand associated with the film, also held a competition where aspiring actors could audition for a chance to play Madhavan's friend in the film. Praveen from Chennai won the talent hunt and appeared in the film, though he appeared in no further films after he committed suicide in December 2007. However the film ran into production troubles during mid 2006 and was put on hold by the producers. The film later picked up in mid 2007 and was released by the producer, while the Telugu version was shelved.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Mani Sharma and the lyrics were written by P. Vijay.

"Aarya" - Karthik, Suchithra
"Ennangira Nee" - Tippu, Anuradha Sriram
"Aruginil" - Karthik, Varthini
"Jillendra" - Ranjith, Rita
"Chile" - Naveen, Saindhavi

 Release 
The film opened to mixed reviews upon release. Sify.com wrote, "Director Balasekhar has packaged Aarya keeping the ordinary viewer who loves mass movies in mind. Madhavan, Bhavana and Prakash Raj have done their bit to make it work with the viewers and provide a time-pass entertainer". Behindwoods.com gave 1.5/5 saying "It lacks in tight screenplay and coherent narration". Bizhat.com suggested "with more minus points than plus points, Aarya falls under the 'also ran' category", while Thiraipadam.com wrote "the weak screenplay fails to hide the silliness in its basic premise and so the film fails to engage us".The film was later dubbed and released in Telugu as Arya MBBS and in Hindi as My Dear Big B. In 2015, a film titled a comedy film titled Vellaiya Irukiravan Poi Solla Maatan, taken from a line mouthed in Vadivelu's comedy sequences, was released.

 References 

 External links 
Arya at IMDb

Chakkara Viyugam
Chakkara Viyugam: The Battle of Brains (transl. Wheel Strategy) is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language  drama film starring Natarajan Subramaniam, Jayasurya, and Daisy Bopanna. It is directed by Udhayabhanu Maheswaran. The film released in April 2008.

 Cast 
Natarajan Subramaniam as Kanna
Jayasurya as Inspector Sathish Mishra
Daisy Bopanna as Sandhya
Anandsami
Raaghav as Bose
Vijay Raj
Nellai Siva as Police officer
Shankar as Kanna's friend
K. Subash

 Production 
Natarajan Subramaniam and the crew of Naalai (2006) collaborated for a second time for this film The film was shot in Chennai and Kolkata. The film is produced by Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision, who previously produced Jab We Met (2007), which featured Subramaniam as the cinematographer. The film ran into issues when Daisy Bopanna would turn up late to the film sets.

 Soundtrack 
Songs by Karthik Raja and lyrics written by Snehan.
"Idyatha Kaanam" - Bela Shende, Karthik Raja
"Padaithal… Kaathal" - Karthik Raja, Snehan
"Idhu Thaan Chakraviyugam" - Bhavatharini
"Neer Aadiduvoom" - Karthik, Sangeetha Rajeshwaran, Snehan, Kanishka
"Yei… Unnidam" - Saindhavi, Karthik Raja

 Release 
Sify gave the film a rating of two out of five stars and stated that "No two ways about it, the film is an unmitigated endurance test".

 References 

 External links 
Chakkara Viyugam at IMDb

Amma Appa Chellam
Amma Appa Chellam (transl. Father, Mother, Chellam) is a 2004 Indian Tamil language romantic drama film directed by Suryan. The film stars Bala, Chaya Singh, and Sathya, while Periyar Dasan, Sabitha Anand, Nizhalgal Ravi, Anjali Devi, T. P. Gajendran, Mayilsamy, Thyagu, and Vijay Krishnaraj playing supporting roles. It was released on 3 December 2004.

 Plot 
Chellam, who comes from a poor family, passes his plus two examination with distinction and gets the first rank in the district, making his parents Kannaiah and Velamma proud. The studious Chellam then joins a college in Chennai. His college mate Nanditha, who is from a wealthy family, befriends him and slowly falls in love with him. Chellam loves her too, but he refrains from revealing his feelings because improving his parents' life is his first priority in life. After finishing his studies, the skilled Chellam struggles to find a good job, and Nanditha wants him to show her his true feelings. However, Chellam makes it clear that his parents are much more important than anything else, thus breaking Nanditha's heart.
Chellam then decides to start a dairy farm, but he needs a bank loan to start his project. His cousin Kumar, who worked in Malaysia for many years, helps him get a bank loan. Chellam works hard and improves the living condition of his parents as he wished. When Chellam finally decides to reveal his love to Nanditha, she gets engaged to Kumar. Chellam, who is caught in a difficult situation, can neither reveal his love nor stop the wedding because of the respect he has for his cousin. On the eve of her wedding, Nanditha secretly meets Chellam and begs him to marry her, but he refuses. The day of the wedding, the heartbroken Nanditha tries to kill herself by jumping into a well, but Chellam saves her from drowning. Kumar learns about their love and supports it. The film ends with Chellam and Nanditha getting married.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Bharadwaj. The soundtrack, released in 2004, features 5 tracks written by Arivumathi, Snehan and Vivekhananth.

 Release 
Cinesouth lauded the cinematography: "Each and every frame is noteworthy. The way to all the location have been filmed is simply superb" but criticized the film's screenplay and music.

 References 

 External links 
Amma Appa Chellam at IMDb

Ainthaam Padai
Ainthaam Padai (transl. Fifth Creation or Fifth Army) is a 2009 Tamil language action film starring Sundar C, Simran, Mukesh, Vivek ,Nassar and Devayani made special appearance. It released on 23 July 2009 and was produced by Sundar's wife, Khushbu.This movie is 3rd collaboration between Devayani and Simran. 

 Plot 
The film is about relationships between two families where hardships and affections are on the competencies.
The film takes place in Tirunelveli. As the film moves ahead, it unravels about an enmity with another family where Devasena (Simran) is a pampered daughter. But Gunasekaran (Nassar) is kind enough in breaking the hardships and getting united by arranging nuptials for Devasena with his brother Karunakaran (Mukesh). However, Devasena mistakes Prabhakaran (Sundar C) to be her bridegroom. When things are unraveled and Prabhakaran turns away from Devasena's offer of marrying him, she vows to alienate him from his family by marrying Karunakaran.
Devasena does not consummate her marriage with Karunakaran and intends to take revenge on Prabhakaran. When she finds out that Prabhakaran and Gayathri (Aditi Chowdary) are in love, she tries to make their love fail. For that she seeks the help of her uncle Dhanushkodi (Doddanna). Dhanushkodi kidnaps Gayathri's father and tries to force Gayathri to marry his last son. He makes her lie in her heartfelt consent to the engagement. Devasena is very happy to take revenge on Prabhakaran and challenges him.
Memories of the past are coming to Prabhakaran. A few years ago, Gunasekaran and his girlfriend Kalpana (Devayani) were engaged to be married. Meanwhile, Dhanushkodi and Rajadurai (Raj Kapoor) were selling illicit liquor in the town. Kalpana, who was then the women's team leader of the town, went with her group to stop the scam, and a fight broke out between Prabhakaran and Rajadurai. Thus, Dhanushkodi and his sons face great humiliation in the town. They agree to an order to leave the city as soon as possible.
Thus, enmity develops between the Dhanushkodi and Gunasekaran families. In particular, the idea arises for Rajadurai to take revenge on Kalpana somehow. The next day, the wedding arrangements of Gunasekaran and Kalpana take place at the temple as scheduled. Kalpana wears a garland and sits on the wedding stage, where Rajadurai comes in disguise. Kalpana sees that he has come with a thaali in his hand. While Kalpana is confused as to what is going on, Rajadurai tries to forcefully tie the thaali around Kalpana's neck without any delay. Before he finishes tie the knot, Kalpana pushes him away and runs away from him to the temple. Rajadurai beats up some people including Gunasekaran who came to stop him and chases Kalpana away. No matter how far Kalpana ran, Rajadurai caught her at the roadblock. When Kalpana begged Rajadurai not to, he forcibly tied Thaali around her neck. Shocked, Kalpana carries the thaali he has tied with her hands. In the ensuing battle, Rajadurai is killed by Prabhakaran in a defensive attempt. Seeing this, Kalpana is shocked and becomes affected with psychosis. Thus, Prabhakaran ends by telling Thanthoni (Vivek) about this past.
The rest of the film is about the hand-in-hand combat between Prabhakaran and Devasena, with each one moving around with their smart plans. Knowing the whole conspiracy behind Prabhakaran, he plans to thwart Devasena's plans with the help of Thanthoni without anyone knowing. Thanthoni disguises himself as a preacher and intimidates a minister (Radha Ravi) into using him as a helper in this plan. Meanwhile, Kalpana, who was locked up in Dhanushkodi's house, regains consciousness due to a disturbance that took place there. Prabhakaran manages to rescue Gayathri's father safely from Dhanushkodi. After causing chaos in the wedding that was to take place there, Prabhakaran, who had somehow stood in front of Devasena, happily tied the thaali around Gayathri's neck with her satisfaction.
Dhanushkodi is angry with Devasena and tries to kill her and turn it into a suicide. Then Kalpana helps her. Gunasekaran, Karunakaran, and Prabhakaran together defeat them. Later that night, the couples - Prabhakaran and Gayathri; Gunasekaran and Kalpana; Karunakaran and Devasena; and Thanthoni and Diana (Aarthi) - start happily celebrating their first night together.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by D. Imman, and lyrics were written by Gangai Amaran and Na. Muthukumar.

 Reception 
Rediff wrote, "Aindham Padai never takes itself seriously. It is not meant to be one. It's got a lot of lewd jokes, double entendre, just plain irritating stunts, and songs guaranteed to titillate the front-benchers, but Simran is one of the reasons it works even halfway." Behindwoods wrote "
The movie necessarily has the wholesome potential of a primetime sitcom and falls short of either powerful performances or an effectual plot." The Hindu wrote "This could’ve been the season’s heart-warming family drama with enough twists and turns to keep you hooked. But 'Aintham Padai' (U), promoted as a mass entertainer, comes across as a mega television serial with too many sub-plots that take their own sweet time to come to a conclusion."

 See also 
Tamil films of 2009

 References 

Azhagana Naatkal
Azhagana Naatkal (transl. Beautiful days) is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language comedy film directed by Sundar C. The film stars Karthik and Rambha and became the third collaboration of the pair with Sundar.C, after the successes of Ullathai Allitha (1996) and  Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga (1999). The film also featured Mumtaj, Goundamani and Senthil in pivotal roles and featured music composed by Deva. The film was released on 7 December 2001 and is a remake of the Malayalam film Minnaram (1994) and is also loosely based on the Tamil film Penne Nee Vaazhga.

 Plot 
Indu and Chandru fall in love. Indu does the disappearing act and Chandru gets engaged to Rekha. Indu re-appears after three years with a little girl, who she claims is Chandru's daughter. Chandru vehemently denies it and finding Indu's presence an embarrassment tries to ferret out the truth. After many scenes of forced comedy, it is revealed that the girl is the illegitimate daughter of Chandru's much-married brother, who had seduced Indu's sister. After his brother's futile attempt to play the villain, Chandru latches on to Indu fast enough with no apology to Rekha. But it is not really Chandru's fault. For Rekha had done the disappearing act from the scene early enough without any explanation either.

 Cast 

 Production 
Simran had originally signed on to play the lead role in the film, before she was replaced by Rambha. This is a Tamil remake of 1994 Malayalam film Minnaram.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Deva.

 Reception 
Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote, "No serious thought seems to have gone into the scripting. The performances are lacklustre". Visual Dasan of Kalki wrote Sundar C. reused plots and scenes from his own films and panned Goundamani's humour but called Delhi Ganesh's acting as the only relief.

 References 

 External links 
Azhagana Naatkal at IMDb

Alaudin
Alaudin is a 2003 Indian Tamil language action drama film directed by Ravi Chakravathy. The film stars Prabhu Deva and Ashima Bhalla with Raghuvaran playing the main antagonist. The film was released on 15 August 2003 after many delays.

 Plot 
Alaudin (Prabhu Deva) is a slum man and orphan with a golden heart who fights against injustice faced by his fellow slum dwellers. The people of Alli Kuppam bring him up. To fulfil the day-to-day needs of the poor, Alaudin decides to steal from rich people. His main enemy is the scheming and powerful Gangadhar (Raghuvaran). During one of his attempts to steal in Gangadhar's house, Alaudin witnesses a murder committed by Gangadhar and gets some implicating evidence: a blood-soaked knife and a cut right thumb of Gangadhar. He cleverly uses this situation and starts blackmailing Gangadhar to accomplish all of Alli Kuppam's needs. Gangadhar becomes his golden goose, his magic lamp, which does his every proposition. Preethi (Ashima Bhalla) is Gangadhar's manager's daughter, and she falls for Alaudin. All efforts to catch Alaudin fail. In the final move, Gangadhar plans carefully, traps Alaudin, and shoots him at point-blank range. A chance look at the chain worn by Alaudin brings the necessary twist to the story. To his shock, Gangadhar realizes Alaudin is his son who was mistaken to be murdered 25 years ago. The saved Alaudin refuses to accept his father's request to stay back with him and takes a promise that he should not reveal the secret to anyone and that he wants to go back to the Kuppam.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Mani Sharma. The soundtrack features 5 tracks.

 Reception 
Sify wrote, "He [Prabhu Deva] has matured as an actor [..] Raghuvaran is terrific as usual in the role of the villain. Ramnath Shetty's camera, Mani Sharma's music and the song picturizations are worth mentioning. On the whole, the film is enjoyable and engaging at times". Mokkarasu of Kalki wrote they have rubbed the miracle lamp. Only smoke comes instead of genie!.

 References 

 External links 
Alaudin at IMDb

Anbe Vaa (2005 film)
Anbe Vaa (transl. Come, My Love) is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language romance film directed by K. Selva Bharathy. The film stars newcomer Thendral, Sridevika and Vivek, with M. S. Viswanathan, M. N. Rajam, Rekha, K. Deepa Arunachalam and C. Duraipandian playing supporting roles. It was released on 18 November 2005. This film was Vivek's 150th film.

 Plot 
In Chennai, Karthik is a carefree art college student who spends his time drinking and enjoying time with his friends and his talkative uncle Nandha. Karthik is the son of a rich heiress. After finishing his studies, his mother urges him to marry someone or work in their company, but Karthik leaves his home and takes Nandha with him. Unable to find a place to stay, they return home. Karthik, who wants to avoid the responsibility of a job, accepts for an arranged marriage. In Madurai, Priya has finished her studies and returns to her native village. She also accepts for an arranged marriage to escape from her dead-end life in a small village. Karthik and his family come to the village to see the potential bride Priya. Karthik and Priya fall in love at first sight, accept to get married, and they marry with the blessings of their families. After the marriage, Nandha tells Priya that Karthik is heavily dependent on him and stubborn and asks her to take care of him from now on. Whereas Priya's family takes promises from Nandha to not make her cry or else they would teach him a lesson.
Karthik and Priya move in a flat in Chennai. The young couple decides to have enough space and privacy in their relationship, but Karthik's mother urges Priya to be more intrusive towards Karthik. Priya, being a disciplined person, is bothered by Karthik's carelessness. In one week, a dispute arises between the two as they find that they are not compatible. They split up, and Priya returns to her village.
Nandha then convinces Priya to come back home and tries his best to unite the young couple. Priya decides to seduce her husband in different ways. She tries to capitalise on her glamour and her culinary skills, but both her attempts fail miserably. Priya and Karthik then start to annoy each other. One day, things get out of control, and a furious Karthik threatens Priya with a knife, and she calls the police. The police arrests Karthik, and Nandha tries to change Priya's mind, but she slaps him. After this incident, Karthik applies for a divorce. In an attempt to save their marriage, Nandha sends the couple attending marriage counselling sessions, but they are hell-bent on getting a divorce. Priya's family has to resort to the rowdy Gaja to speed up the divorce process. At the 60th wedding anniversary of Priya's grandparents, the old couple and Nandha have an emotional speech changing Priya's negative thoughts about marriage, and she begs her grandparents for forgiveness for hurting their feelings. Gaja, who falls in love with Priya, kidnaps her, and Nandha urges Karthik to save her. During the fight, Nandha is stabbed by a henchman and is later saved at the hospital. Karthik too feels bad for hurting his family's feelings. The couple puts their egos aside and decides to unite for the benefit of all.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by D. Imman.

 Reception 
Sify wrote, "Anbe Vaa depends largely on Vivek’s scintillating comedy show. His antics spice up the proceedings and the punch lines make you smile. Sreedevika is not bad for a first-timer. The film drags towards the end and music of D.Imman is a big let down. On the whole, this Selvabharathy directed film is funny in parts thanks to the one-man laugh brigade called Vivek".

 References 

 External links 
Anbe Vaa at IMDb

Amirtham
Amirtham (transl. Amrita) is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language drama film produced, written and directed by K. Kannan, making his directorial debut. The film stars newcomer Ganesh and Navya Nair, with Girish Karnad, Anuradha Krishnamoorthy, Rajeev, Rekha, Yugendran and Madhura, playing supporting roles. The music was composed by Bhavatharini with cinematography by K. V. Mani and editing by V. T. Vijayan. The film released on 10 February 2006.

 Plot 
In a village called Mukkudal, the devout Brahmin Ramaswamy Iyengar (Girish Karnad) is a poor temple priest living a peaceful life with his wife Rukkumani (Anuradha Krishnamoorthy) and soft-spoken daughter Amirtha (Navya Nair). The villagers greatly respect Ramaswamy Iyengar for his goodness. In the same temple, Pasupathi Pillai (Rajeev) is a Nadaswaram exponent and a rich person who has a good relationship with Ramaswamy Iyengar. He has a wife (Rekha), a son studying in the city, and a daughter born to him and his wife's sister. Pasupathi Pillai's son Amirtham (Ganesh) returns to the village after completing his engineering degree. Amirtham is an outspoken atheist and rationalist. Thereafter, Amirtha falls in love with Amirtham, while Amirtham's half-sister Sorna (Madhura) is killed by her sadist husband Veerayan (Yugendran).
Rukkumani then learns of her daughter's love with the Nadaswaram exponent's son Amirtham, and she supports her daughter's love affair. Rukkumani even convinced Amirtham's mother to support their love. However, when Amritha declares his feelings to Amirtham, he rejects her proposals because he does not want to affect the friendship between his father and her father. Amirtham then leaves the village and returns in the city.
In the meantime, petroleum geologists find petroleum under the temple belt, and the government asks the villagers to leave the village for oil drilling and extracting the petroleum in the village. The villagers oppose the move by the government, and in the process, the police arrest Ramasamy Iyengar. Amirtham comes back to the village to protest against the demolition of the temple. In a fight between the villagers and the police, Amirtham is shot dead. Afterwards, the Supreme Court stops the demolition of the temple and forces the people to vacate the village. Pasupathi Pillai and his wife leave their place with a heavy heart but to their great surprise, Amirtha decides to go with them, thus becoming their daughter.

 Cast 

 Production 
K. Kannan, who was the dialogue writer of Vedham Pudhithu (1987), made his debut as director of this venture. The film will deal with the ever-existing divide between rationalism and theism. Navya Nair, heroine of Azhagiya Theeye (2004), signed to play an Iyengar girl opposite Ganesh, a new face. Girish Karnad (voice dubbed by Mohan Raman) played the role of a temple priest and carnatic musician Anuradha Krishnamurthy would make her big screen debut.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Bhavatharini. The soundtrack, released in 2006, features 4 tracks with lyrics written by Piraisoodan, P. Vijay, Yugabharathi and Kiruthiya.

 Reception 
Balaji Balasubramaniam of bbthots.com said, "It brings up some serious issues in a different setting but fails to make build on the issues in an interesting manner". Indiaglitz stated, "Kannan has an idea and has pursued it without any compromise. That in itself deserves credit, and he has also made a good job of it. It is by no means a perfect film" and added that "Navya Nair is the scene-stealer". P. V. Sathish Kumar of nowrunning.com rated the film 3 out of 5 and wrote, "Be it the cast or the storyline or the direction everything is different and Kannan has shown his deftness in all these elements of filmmaking. He must be lauded for making a sincere attempt with an absorbing story". A reviewer of The Hindu said, "Kannan brings in the commercial element through duets and dream songs. His profound, thought-provoking dialogue in 'Vedam Pudhidhu' and now in 'Amirtham' will remain unforgettable for long. As a dialogue writer Kannan shines. But his story is bogged down by too many issues".

 References 

 External links 
Amirtham at IMDb

Chocklet
Chocklet (sometimes Chocolate) is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language romantic action film directed by A. Venkatesh the story penned by R. Madhesh and produced by R. Madhesh. Starring Prashanth and debutant Jaya Re, the film also has Livingston, Suhasini, Mumtaj (dual role) and Nagendra Prasad in supporting roles, while the score and soundtrack are composed by Deva. The film opened on 7 September 2001 to a positive response and was successful at the box office.

 Plot 
Aravind meets Anjali and falls in love at first sight without knowing her background. When they meet, Anjali tells Aravind she would like to go for a trial-romance for a week, which might lead to a long-term romance, for which he agrees. Anjali is the daughter of assistant  Commissioner Jayachandran and Saradha. Aravind maintains a cordial acquaintance with both of them, not knowing Anjali is their daughter. Anjali acknowledges them as her parents. Jayachandran convinces Anjali to dispense with this trial romance and make a deeper commitment as he finds Aravind a gentleman. Aravind convinces Saradha to support him as her suitor, so Saradha makes Aravind marry Anjali.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film began production in January 2001 and scenes were shot at Mayajaal for three days later that month. At an official launch event held soon afterwards, producer R. Madhesh donated seventy five kilogrammes of chocolate to poor children, equivalent to the weight of the film's actor Prashanth. Reema Sen and Richa Pallod were considered to play the heroines, though their high remuneration meant that the makers signed on Avantika, a former Miss Goa pageant winner. For the film, Avantika was given the stagename of Jaya Re. A fight scene was shot at Koyambedu Market Road near Chennai with 16 cameras, while scenes were shot in Japan and a song was shot on a cruise ship between Cambodia and Vietnam.

 Music 
The music was composed by Deva and lyrics by Vaali. The song "Malai Malai" was the anthem for many youth around the time of the movie's release. Producer R. Madhesh opted against having a traditional audio cassette release function and chose to distribute the cassettes to music shops enclosed with Cadbury chocolate.

 Release and reception 
The film opened to positive reviews in September 2001, after having an initial premiere at San Francisco Bay Area. A critic from Sify noted "The film tantalises in the beginning only to loose [sic] its fizz halfway through", adding "our heart goes straight out to Prashanth who despite the odds, comes up with a decent performance." Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu reviewed the film and added that "this youthful bonanza gets stretched, testing one's patience towards the end, none but the screenplay is to blame." Rediff.com meanwhile gave the film a negative review noting "Matters are built towards a loud, dramatic, implausible climax. This one's a mess and what you keep wondering is why an accomplished actress like Suhasini Mani Rathnam had to make this the vehicle for one of her rare celluloid appearances." Visual Dasan of Kalki wrote in a state of comprehension, why a good story which is backed up by fine characterisation and mature direction needs the support of glamour, this chocolate is a glamour dot com which cannot be tasted with family.The film was later dubbed and released in Telugu in March 2002 with the same name and won positive reviews from critics. The success of the film led Prashanth and A. Venkatesh to re-unite, and they announced a project called Petrol in 2005, but Prashanth's marital problems eventually led to delays in the director's schedule and the film remains uncompleted.

 References 

 External links 
Chocklet at IMDb

A Aa E Ee (2009 Tamil film)
A Aa E Ee is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy. It stars Prabhu, Navdeep, Aravind Akash, Monica, and Saranya Mohan, whilst, supporting actors Cochin Haneefa, Livingston, Manorama and Ganja Karuppu play other prominent roles. Produced by the oldest Tamil film production company, AVM Productions, the film released on 9 January 2009. The film is a remake of Telugu hit Chandamama with Navdeep enacting the same role. The film received mixed reviews from critics.

 Plot 
Subramaniam (Prabhu), an ayurvedic physician, is a much-respected man in his village. His only daughter Anitha (Monica) returns home from Chennai after completing a course in fashion designing. Having lost her mother at a very young age, Anitha is close to her father, and they share a special bond. Soon, Anitha's marriage is fixed with Elango (Aravind Akash), the son of Vedachalam (Cochin Haneefa). While Vedachalam is a good-for-nothing chap, Elango is a perfect match. Elango falls in love with Anitha, but she tells him of her past: her lover Akash (Navdeep), who had jilted her after a one-night stand. Elango, though shattered, meets Akash and tries to unite him with Anitha. In this attempt, he finds himself falling in love with Anitha's cousin Eeswari (Saranya Mohan). Now the story is about uniting the two pairs of lovers. Anitha does not want to hurt her father with the knowledge of her past.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Vijay Antony and lyrics by Eknath, Priyan and Annamalai.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
A Aa E Ee at IMDb 
A Aa E Ee at Paadal.com

Budget Padmanabhan
Budget Padmanabhan is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language comedy film. The film stars Prabhu and Ramya Krishnan.

 Plot 
When he was a young boy, Padmanabhan was driven out of his house along with his parents by an evil-hearted moneylender who gave him a condition: if by a stipulated time period Padmanabhan could raise enough money to buy back the house, he could reclaim it as his own.
Since then, Padmanabhan has been living a very thrifty life, always counting the cost of his daily expenses. Even after marriage to Ramya, he still focuses on his finances, at times to the detriment of his personal relationships with his wife and relatives, who all live together in a small house. In a subplot, Padmanabhan hires a housemaid, who turns out to be the estranged and separated wife of his boss's son.
The story focuses on Padmanabhan's attempt to raise the money to buy back his house and his struggles to adapt with changes in his life, including Ramya giving birth to triplets, but he gradually learns about the importance of relationships and human values and how some things in life are more important than money.
In a final twist to the story, after raising the money, Padmanabhan realizes that it has been stolen from his motorcycle. In despair, he is about to give up and officially hand over the house to the moneylender, but then his boss's son helps him out by providing him the money just in time. The earlier delighted moneylender is now shocked at realizing that he must give up the house where his family members have long since settled, and orders his relatives to pack up and leave. He drags his two children out of the house, and they burst into tears at the prospect of having to leave because they do not wish to do so. The weeping boys then plead with Padmanabhan to let them stay and promise him that they will buy him a much bigger house when they grow up. Padmanabhan, moved to tears, recalls his own heartbreak at being dragged out of his childhood home and agrees to let the family stay until the children have grown up. This puts the money lender to shame and contrition, and he admits having arranged for Padmanabhan's money to be stolen because he knew that he would raise the money eventually. He returns the money and asks for Padmanabhan's forgiveness, having realised the strength of his adversary's moral character.
At the end of the film, the housemaid Omana, who had since reunited with her long lost love, gives birth to triplets of her own in hospital.

 Cast 

 Production 
T. P. Gajendran claimed that success of Thirupathi Ezhumalai Venkatesa prompted him to return to films. Gajendran initially wanted this story to be adapted into tele film, since no producer was willing to accept, it was K. R. G who agreed to produce the film.The film saw teaming of Prabhu, Ramya Krishnan and Mumtaj for first. The story was written by Arunchalam and the dialogues by Prasanna Kumar. Shooting was planned to be completed in a single schedule at locations in Chennai and Ooty. Since the story has the lead character staying in a colony, a huge set of the colony was erected at the Arunachalam Studio, complete with shops, lanes and houses.

 Soundtrack 
Music was composed by S. A. Rajkumar, with lyrics by Vairamuthu.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, "Prabhu is the hero, but it is Vivek who steals the show [...] Prabhu seems to have lost his agility and briskness and this factor affects his performance too". Malini Mannath wrote for Chennai Online, "This is a film that could be described as a wholesome family entertainer. It has lots of sentiment, a bit of action and comedy, all meant for a type of audience. A film that a discerning viewer would give the miss". India Info wrote "Budget Padmanabhan gives a most realistic depiction of a middle class man’s economic travails. Surely, worth a watch". The film bagged first place in the  Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Family Film for the year 2000.

 Remakes 
The film was remade in Telugu as Budget Padmanabham with Ramya Krishnan reprising her role, in Malayalam as Vasanthamalika in 2003 and in Kannada as Jipuna Nanna Ganda.

 References 

 External links 
Budget Padmanabhan at IMDb

Annai (2000 film)
Annai (transl. Mother) is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Manobala. The film stars Bhanupriya, Nassar and Baby Sadhika while Ramesh Khanna, Manobala, and Mayilsamy among others form an ensemble cast.  Music for the film was composed by Dhina and the film was released on 11 February 2000.

 Plot 
A wealthy widow named Kanagamahalakshmi, who loses her husband and unborn child in a car crash, opts to look after an orphan child for a period of one month every year. Her decision operates smoothly for a few years. However, when the child, Anjali, returns to the house for a third year, problems begin to arise. She expresses her distaste at the various deficiencies of Kanagamahalakshmi's household, including her foster parent itself. How Anjali makes the members in the house behave properly forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film was shot on a budget of 33 lakh rupees within 14 days.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Dhina.

 Reception 
Krishna Chidambaram of Kalki criticised the director for treating the theme of adoption half-heartedly. S. R. Ashok Kumar of The Hindu appreciated Kannan's cinematography, the dialogues by Kavitha Bharathi and Rajprabhu, and Manobala's writing and direction, but felt Dhina's music "at times drifts away" from the main story.

 References 

 External links 
Annai at IMDb

Ammuvagiya Naan
Ammuvagiya Naan (transl. I, Ammu) is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Padmamagan starring R. Parthiepan and Bharathi. The music was compose by Sabesh–Murali. The film released in September 2007 and became a hit.

 Plot 
The film revolves around Ammu (Bharathi), an orphan brought up in a prostitute's house. Brought up in such atmosphere, she develops a fascination for the world's oldest profession. She comes across a writer Gowrishankar (R. Parthiepan), who comes to her place to pen a novel on the life of a commercial sex worker. Her childlike innocence wins over Gowrishankar's heart. He decides to marry her. Gowrishankar's love and care brings a change in Ammu. She understands the value of family and the bond of togetherness. Gowrishankar completes his novel Ammuvagya Naan and hopes for a national award for it. Fate pays a cruel act in the form of a president of a literary association (Mahadevan). He bargains for a night with Ammu to ensure the national award for Amuvagiya Naan. Eventually, Ammu kills the president.

 Cast 
R. Parthiepan as Gowrishankar
Bharathi as Ammu
Mahadevan as Nathan, Literary Association President
Sadhana as Rani
Ragasudha as Malli
Thennavan as Mohan
Abhishek Shankar as Raghu
Shanthi Williams as Gowrishankar's sister
Suja Varunee as Special appearance

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Sabesh–Murali.

 Critical reception 
Kollywood Today wrote "As a whole, Ammuvaagiya Naan is a film that has attempted to can a bold theme with different approach and thank god, there are no unwanted commercial elements present here."

 References 

 External links 
Ammuvagiya Naan at IMDb

Alaiyadikkuthu
Alaiyadikkuthu (transl. The waves are hitting) is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language thriller film written and directed by Kalimuthu and starring Sindhu Tolani, Naveen Dhanush and Akhil Kumar. It was released on 10 August 2005.

 Cast 
Sindhu Tolani as Brindha
Naveen Dhanush
Akhil Kumar
Yugendran
Anand
Kazan Khan
Vennira Aadai Moorthy
Ghilli Sekhar
Minnal Lakshmanan
Neha Tolani
Prabha Reddy
Vijayan
Rami Reddy
Kovai Senthil

 Production 
Sindhu Tolani turned down offers to star in Telugu films to work on Alaiyadikkuthu after being impressed by the story. Sindhu's sister, Neha Tolani, was also cast in a role, as was debutant Prabha Reddy. Naveen Dhanush and Aari Arujunan made their acting debuts in the film, with the latter appearing under the name of Akhil Kumar.Prior to release, it was reported that the film was partially based on the Kanchi Shankaracharyas controversy. In June 2005, director K. Rajan chose to shelve his biopic of Sivakasi Jayalakshmi titled Niram Maraiya Rojakal starring Vindhya, after he felt it was quite similar to Alaiyadikkuthu.

 Soundtrack 

 Reception 
The film was released on 10 August 2005 across Tamil Nadu. A critic from Sify gave the film a negative review, adding that "Sindhu Tolani as the female crusader and vigilante is adequate though she has to improve in emotional scenes" and that the film "needed more sensitive treatment". A critic from NowRunning.com wrote "though the movie is realistic, relevant and to some extent revitalizing, it misses on a point that you do not feel or sympathize for the pains suffered by victims of lascivious men". A reviewer from BizHat noted the film was "screeching, hysterical and distasteful".In September 2006, Kalimuthu announced a follow-up venture titled Minnaladikkuthu (English: The lightning is hitting) starring Namitha in the lead role, with the same producers. However, the film eventually did not have a theatrical release.

 References 

 External links 
Alaiyadikkuthu at IMDb

Chithiram Pesuthadi
Chithiram Pesuthadi (transl. The Picture Speaks, Dear) is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language romantic action drama film written and directed by Mysskin in his directorial debut. The film stars Narain and Bhavana, both making their debuts in Tamil cinema industry.  The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Sundar C Babu with cinematography by Mahesh Muthuswami and editing by M. Kasi Viswanathan. Produced by Dreambridge Productions on a budget of ₹ 1.20 crores, the film faced publicity issues but later released in Chennai and the rest of Tamil Nadu. The movie  became a massive hit of that year.The film was later remade to Telugu as Raju Bhai and in Kannada as Kiccha Huccha.

 Plot 
Thirunavukarasu, aka Thiru (Narain), a fearless karate fighter, saves the son of a local don from being killed by members of a rival gang. In return, the don Annachi (Kadhal Dhandapani) hires Thiru as his henchman. Thiru's mother (Sathyapriya) and younger sister dislike his association with the gang but have to live with his decision.
One day, Thiru stumbles upon Charumathi, aka Charu (Bhavana), a worker at an NGO who fights injustice. A quarrel ensues between them, and they grow to dislike each other. Nobody has spoken up to Thiru before, and he admires Charu's courage. Whenever they bump into one another, Charu berates Thiru for being a gangster. Ashamed, Thiru and a few of the gangsters try to turn over a new leaf by selling toys at a sidewalk.
Charu is impressed by Thiru's changed personality and decides to marry him. Her father (Raviprakash) gives her his blessings, though her uncle (Mahadevan) does not approve. However, her hopes are shattered after she witnessed a naked Thiru being clumped away in a police truck from a brothel after a raid. She gives up her plans of being with him and blames her father for not raising her well enough to make the right decision. Later that day, her father commits suicide. Charu blames Thiru for ruining her life and causing her father's death. Thiru and his friends return to Annachi.
Charu's uncle arranges for her to be married to his own relative. However, Annachi's son sees Charu during her engagement and falls in love with her. Annachi threatens Charu's uncle to surrender his niece to him. After learning that Thiru is part of Annachi's gang, Charu goes to confront him. Thiru's friends reveal that he was only at the brothel that day to save his friend's family, who lives there. Instead, he sees Charu's father there, who was in the company of prostitutes. In order to give time for Charu's father to flee the area, Thiru creates a distraction by attacking the police officers. They beat him up and tear him off his clothes while trying to arrest him. Charu realizes her mistake and asks Thiru's friends to take her to him.
Meanwhile, Thiru has devised his own plans in an attempt to thwart Annachi's plans and save Charu. He has arranged for his friends to bring Charu and her fiancé separately to the registrar's office to get them married. However, Annachi shows up and orders his men to attack Thiru. When Charu arrives at the scene, she is overwhelmed to see that Thiru has been stabbed and is fighting for his life. Only then does Annachi realize that she and Thiru are in love. He stops the attack and lets Thiru's friends rush him to the hospital. Thiru is saved, and Annachi agrees to let him go. He marries Charu, and they live happily ever after.

 Cast 
Narain as Thirunavukarasu
Bhavana as Charumathi
Kadhal Dhandapani as Annachi
Delhi Ganesh as Prakash
Raviprakash as Charu's father
Mahadevan as Charu's uncle
Sathyapriya as Thiru's mother
Vasantha Narayan
Gana Ulaganathan
Malavika in a special appearance

 Inspiration 
Mysskin expressed at a book release that he himself got to realize that this movie is an accidental inspiration of Beauty and the Beast while the shooting was progressing. He questioned the critics why they failed to criticize about this accidental inspiration, whereas they criticized Nandalala, his other movie to be a copy of Kikujiro. He expressed this was irrelevant to the book release.

 Soundtrack 
The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Sundar C Babu, who made his debut in film scoring through this film. The album features 12 tracks overall, including four instrumental tracks. The lyrics were penned by Kabilan and director Mysskin himself, while Gana Ulaganathan had written and sung the song "Vazha Meenu", which is considered as having contributed immensely to the film's success.

 Release 
Released by Dreambride Productions on 10 February 2006, the film initially failed to attract an audience due to a low-profile release and a lack of publicity. It was removed from almost all theaters within two weeks after its release. SUN Networks helped promote the song Vaazha Meenu by repeated airings on its channels, making the song a cult hit. In the meantime, the movie generated a word of mouth publicity combined with excellent press reviews. Taking the cue, Dreambridge initiated the process to re-release in the Chennai area first. The re-release witnessed a tremendous opening which invoked the interest of Aascar Ravichandran, who distributed the film to the rest of Tamil Nadu. The re-release of the film was well received by the audience, which resulted in a stupendous hit.

 Sequel 
A standalone sequel named Chithiram Pesuthadi 2 was released in 2019 by the same production company.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Arasu (2003 film)
Arasu (transl. Kingdom) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language masala film written and directed by Suresh and produced by Babu Raaja. The film stars Sarathkumar in dual roles, Simran and Roja, while Sai Kumar, Vadivelu, Delhi Ganesh and Riyaz Khan play supporting roles. The score and soundtrack was composed by Mani Sharma. 
Arasu was released on 14 April 2003 and became a commercial success at the box office.

 Plot 
Thirunavukkarasu alias Arasu is employed in a temple by Venu Shastri at Kumbakonam and stays in Pichumani's house. Arasu's calm nature and responsible behaviour impresses the locality people and Venu Shastri's daughter Meera, who falls in love with Arasu. One day, Arasu sees the news about the release of a convict from prison where he violently kills the convict with the help of a few men, but Meera and Venu Shastri witnesses the murder. Arasu meets Venu Shastri's family and discloses his past. 
Past: Arasu is the son of Periyavar Nataraj, a kind-hearted gangster who is striving hard for the welfare of slum dwellers in Chennai. Sabapathy is a business tycoon who goes to any extent for earning money. Trouble erupts between Sabapathy and Periyavar, following which Sabapathy is arrested and sentenced to imprisonment for his illegal activities which led to the deaths of a few young girls. In order to exact vengeance, Sabapathy's brother Gunashekharan and his henchmen kill Periyavar and his wife Sivagami. Arasu gets enraged and swears vengeance against Sabapathy and Gunashekharan. 
Present: Venu Shastri and Meera understands Arasu's position and decide to save him by not disclosing his whereabouts to the police. Despite all the attempts by the cops, Arasu successfully kills Sabapathy and Gunashekharan, where he surrenders to the police and is sentenced to imprisonment. Five years later, Arasu finally reunites with Meera and lead a happy life.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
These five songs in Arasu were composed by Mani Sharma. Sharma later reused "Malligai Malligai" as "Chinnaga Chinnaga" for Telugu film Tagore.

 Production 
The film marked the debut of Suresh who had worked with directors like N. Maharajan (Vallarasu), Dharani, and Lingusamy.
Most of the shooting took place at Kumbakonam, in and around the temple areas. Other locations were Mumbai and Kolkata. A fight scene was picturised at the Kumbakonam market area. Five cameras were used and it took ten days to shoot the fight scene. The scene choreographed by Peter Hayen and canned by cinematographer Y. N. Murali, was shot amidst a large crowd including the hero, some stuntmen, character artistes and the locals. Close-up shots of the fight scene was shot again in Chennai Studio where a set resembling the market place was erected.

 Release 
After this film, Suresh again collaborated with Sarath Kumar for films like Gambeeram and Nam Naadu.

 Critical reception 
Sify wrote "the narration is told in a gripping fashion with all the essential ‘masalas’ like punchy dialogues, action, song ‘n’ dance and item numbers". Balaji of Thiraipadam wrote "The movie presents the revenge tale in the style of Rajnikanth's Baashha and is quite entertaining".

 References 

 External links 
Arasu at IMDb

Adi Thadi
Adi Thadi (; transl. Whacking) is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language action comedy film. It stars Sathyaraj, Abbas, Napoleon and Rathi. It was directed by T. Shivraj It was later remade in Telugu as Political Rowdy in 2005 with Mohan Babu, Charmee Kaur and Prakash Raj enacting the roles of Sathyaraj, Rathi and Napoleon respectively. Abbas reprises his role in the Telugu film.

 Plot 
Tirupati (Sathyaraj) is a criminal who commands respect from state heads like the CM. He hates women and remains a bachelor even at the age of 50. A naughty college student Priya (Rathi) grabs Tirupati's attention though a beauty contest, and there he falls in love with her and proposes to her. Then, Priya's life turns to disaster because she gets tortured by Tirupati and his henchmen. With the help of his brother Surya (Napoleon), Tirupati changes his appearance to look younger. To escape from this problem, Priya contacts her boyfriend Arjun (Abbas). The rest is all about how all ends well.

 Cast 
Sathyaraj as Tirupati
Napoleon as Surya
Abbas as Arjun
Rathi as Priya
Sukanya
Vaiyapuri
Raj Kapoor
Nighalgal Ravi
Chitra Lakshmanan
Vadivel David
Devan
Gemini Ganesan as himself
Deva (composer) in a special appearance in the song "Thagadu Thagadu"

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Deva and lyrics were written by Piraisoodan, Kalidasan, Snehan and Deva Kumar.
The song "Umma Umma" turned out to be a sensational chartbuster upon release.

 Release and reception 
Sify wrote "Sathyaraj's Adithadi starts off as a rollkicking comedy that peters out towards the end. It is a black comedy, a movie that makes light of serious and usually morbid situations with their own level of hilarity and cleverness". The Hindu wrote "You could double up in laughter, guffaw at the hero's audacity or wrinkle your nose in disgust at certain points, but surely you cannot ignore the film that reminds you so much of the `villainous' Satyaraj of yore."The relative success of the film prompted Shivraj and Sathyaraj to team up again for a film titled Devuda on fake godmen, though it was later shelved. Soon after, Shivraj began making Enakke Enakka with a new cast, but it was also cancelled.

 References 

Adhu
Adhu (transl. That) is a 2004 Tamil-language horror film directed by Ramesh Balakrishnan, starring Sneha as a spirit possessed girl. The film, that has Aravind, a newcomer, Suha, Kazan Khan and Vijayan in supporting and Abbas in a cameo role, is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong-Thai-Singaporean film The Eye. The film, with music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography by P. Selvakumar, released on 15 October 2004 and received generally negative reviews and is considered a box-office disaster.

 Plot 
Meera (Sneha) is transplanted with the eyes of Kayalvizhi (Suha) which enables her to see able to see "things" not visible to other's eyes. Haunted and harassed by Kayalvizhi's Spirit, Meera goes all the way to Vijayanagaram to get to the bottom of the intrigue, because the spirit orders her to do so getting to know of Kayalvizhi's story and the injustice done to her by the village head (Vijayan). The spirit of Kayalvizhi seeks revenge and retribution. How it achieves this forms the story

 Cast 
Sneha as Meera
Aravind as Arvind
Suha as Kayalvizhi
Kazan Khan
Vijayan
Saranya as Meera's mother
Shanmugarajan as Muthu
Aryan as sorcerer
Abbas as Doctor Raj (cameo)

 Music 
The film score was composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, which was said to be one of the few highlights of the film. The film has only one song, a soundtrack was not released.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote that "Taking up a story that touches upon ESP, effluents, pollution and the havoc it creates on human life, Ramesh Krishnan places them in a genre that spells horror. The result is quite interesting. Those of you who like to experience just a bit of fear, the occult kind, can make a beeline for Adhu". A critic from Indiaglitz wrote that "Spirit is there. But the other spirit is slightly missing". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote that "It's Sneha's film the whole way. But making an impact is debutante Suha as Kalaivizhi, and new face Arvind who projects creditably the cynic who later goes all to support Meera". Sify wrote "But the trouble with Adhu is that it does not provide you with the chills and thrills associated with a ghost story. Though the film is only 116 minutes it drags and the special effects are too cheesy and amateurish. The climax looks like an amman film, as the spirit and the evil tantric clash".

 References 

 External links 
Adhu at IMDb

Chokka Thangam
Chokka Thangam (transl. Pure gold) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj and produced by G. Venkateswaran under the banner GV Films. It stars Vijayakanth, Soundarya, and Uma with Goundamani, Senthil, Prakash Raj, and Swathi playing supporting roles. The background score and music was composed by Deva. The film was released on 15 January 2003 and became commercially successful, it was remade in Bengali as Tyaag in 2004. The film also marked actress Soundarya in her last Tamil film.

 Plot 
Muthu lives in a village with his sister Maragatham. Muthu is very fond of his sister and ready to do anything for her. Pavazham is an orphan who lives in the same village. Muthu and Pavazham have a liking towards each other. Periya Minor is the local baddie who tries to molest Pavazham when she is alone. However, Muthu comes for rescue and takes Pavazham along with him to his house.
Maragatham is married to Sundaram. Sundaram's sister Gowri's wedding is also arranged. But on the day of Gowri's wedding, her fiancé passes away which makes the villagers believe that Gowri is unlucky. Sundaram's family members want Muthu to marry Gowri, but Muthu refuses as he is in love with Pavazham. Angered by this, Sundaram's family members kick out Maragatham from their house as a means of revenge. Maragatham comes back to Muthu's house.
Muthu tries hard to get Gowri's wedding fixed again, but in vain. He meets Akash with a wedding proposal, but is turned down by his parents. Meanwhile, Maragatham is conceived. Sundaram understands Muthu's situation and visits Maragatham frequently without informing his family members. Finally, Sundaram finds a bride groom for Gowri and their wedding is arranged. Sundaram also brings Maragatham to his house and the families are united.
One day, Akash and his family members are about to meet with an accident, however Muthu spots them and saves them. Akash's family members understand the good nature of Muthu despite them humiliating him when he came with a marriage proposal with Gowri. On the day of Gowri's marriage, it is revealed that the groom is a cheat and is set by Ponnambalam with plans of trapping Muthu. Ponnambalam wants Muthu to give him Pavazham, so that Gowri's wedding will go as planned. Else, he threatens that the wedding will be cancelled which might hurt Gowri again.
Muthu fights Ponnambalam and decides to sacrifice his love. Muthu agrees to marry Gowri as he does not want Gowri to be disappointed again by cancelling her wedding. However, Akash's family members, now agree to get Akash married to Gowri. Akash and Gowri are married. Finally, Muthu and Pavazham are also married.

 Cast 

 Production 
Soon after GV Films announced their collaboration with Vijayakanth, the producers approached Cheran to direct the film. However, due to issues concerning remuneration, K. Bhagyaraj eventually took on the role. Vidhya Venkatesh was originally approached for the role of Vijayakanth's sister since she was busy with Kalaatpadai, she could not spare her dates and she was replaced by Uma.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Deva and lyrics were written by R. V. Udayakumar, P. Vijay, Thamarai, and Snehan.

 Critical reception 
Balaji of Thiraipadam noted "The movie is not much different from other movies where Vijayakanth stars as the village do-gooder and has all the usual ingredients found in his movies like a squeaky clean image for him, duets in bright costumes and a bunch of fights" and also wrote "Bagyaraj's trademarks of a humorous screenplay, sprinklings of double entendre dialogs and a close look at marital issues are all but absent". Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "The film does have its plus points, yet somehow Bhagyaraj's magic touch in films [..] is definitely missing in 'Chokka Thangam.'"

 References 

 External links 
Review[usurped] in The Hindu

Ambuttu Imbuttu Embuttu
Ambuttu Imbuttu Embuttu is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language comedy film directed by Ashok Kashyap. The film stars Ashok Kashyap, Ashwini, Mohana, Tejaswini Prakash and Crane Manohar with Vinaya Prasad, Sudheesh, Madhan Bob, Sathyapriya and Adade Manohar playing supporting roles. It was released on 1 November 2005. The film was a remake of Kannada film Ulta Palta (1997), which itself was based on William Shakespeare's play The Comedy of Errors.

 Plot 
In Palakkad, Thirupathi (Ashok Kashyap) completed his studies and graduated in MBA. Thirupathi lives a wealthy lifestyle with his loyal servant Pazhani (Crane Manohar), his aunt Vijaya (Vinaya Prasad) and his two cousins: Vaani (Ashwini) and Abhirami (Tejaswini Prakash). Vijaya wants Thirupathi to take charge of their export company. So Thirupathi becomes the new managing director of the company. His cousin Vaani and his employee Mohana (Mohana) are in love with him. While in Coimbatore, Thirupathi and Pazhani (look-alikes with the same names) are petty thieves. The pair stumbles upon a bag containing a few lakhs of rupees and escapes to Palakkad. The complications that arise due to the mistaken identities, and the havoc it creates in the life of the foursome, forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
Ashok Kashyap, a cinematographer and a producer in Kannada cinema, planned to remake the Kannada film Ulta Palta (1997) in Tamil language. Apart from directing and producing the film, Ashok Kashyap also played the lead role. Comedian Crane Manohar, who after doing small comedy roles, got his first major lead role. Ashwini, Vinaya Prasad , and Malayalam film actor Sudheesh were also added to the cast.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Dhina. The soundtrack, released in 2005, features 5 tracks.

 Reception 
Malini Mannath said, "one would never have thought that a plot with such potential for humor would turn out to be such a tragic experience for the viewers. And the best part of the film? The acknowledgment that it is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Comedy of Errors. Though one wouldn't like to know what the bard would have thought of this one".

 See also 
The Comedy of Errors § Adaptations

 References 

 External links 

Citizen (film)
Citizen is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language political action thriller film written and directed by Saravana Subbiah and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy. The film stars Ajith Kumar in dual roles with Meena, Vasundhara Das and Nagma playing supporting roles. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Deva, and cinematography was handled by Ravi K. Chandran. The film was released theatrically on 9 June 2001 and became a super hit at the box-office.

 Plot 
Abdullah runs a motorcycle workshop with a few workers. He also gives casual legal advice to the locals. A computer science student named Indhu develops a crush on him and tries to woo him, although Abdullah has nothing of it.
In a massive street protest by lawyers across the city, Abdullah, in an altered appearance, kidnaps Judge Vedhachalam after introducing himself as 'Citizen'. Later on, Abdullah kidnaps Collector Santhanam by posing as freedom fighter Sundaramoorthy. On both occasions, Abdullah mentions 'Attipatti', which left his victims speechless.
With these two high-profile kidnappings, the CBI, which Senior Officer Sarojini Harichandran leads, handles the case. Sarojini finds out that both kidnap victims worked together in the Mayavaram division some years ago and were involved in a riot in Attipatti. However, a check with the Mayiladuthurai sub-collector's office and the Nagapattinam collector's office found no town or village named Attipatti existed. She visits the collector's office in Thanjavur and is shocked to discover that the hamlet, Attipatti existed in records before 1973 but not in the years after. She becomes convinced that the kidnapper has a link to Attipatti.
Meanwhile, Abdullah becomes irritated with Indhu, who longs for his affection. He scolds her and says she doesn't know who he is or the pain he endures in his heart.
The CBI team tracks down a former employee of the local government, which Attipatti was under, and visits Father Louis at Lutheran Chapel. At the chapel, Sarojini and her team meet Father Kuriakose, who informs them that Father Louis passed away ten years ago but left a box to hand over to whoever comes to the church and asks about Attipatti. Sarojini and her team find hundreds of dead bodies buried near the coastal area where the location of Attipatti was, and a tombstone bearing the names of all who perished. Sarojini concludes that Arivanandam and Anthony, the name of a boy baptised after the atrocity, are the same people, and her further investigation leads her to Abdullah, who manages to escape via a secret route. Sarojini discovers Citizen's operation room within the mosque. There she finds out Citizen's next target is DGP Devasagayam. However, simultaneously, Citizen already kidnapped the DGP. The CBI officers receive information that Citizen is hiding in Tada Forest and go after him. Indhu comes to meet Abdullah and reveals she already knew he was Citizen some time ago. The CBI officers arrive at the forest and, after a chase, finally arrest Citizen. In the trial, Citizen narrates what happened in his village, Attipatti.
Past: In 1973, it was a hamlet of 700 inhabitants surrounded by the sea. Therefore, it is often flooded by rising sea levels, causing deaths. The hamlet's MLA had promised to build a wall in exchange for votes but never constructed it. When the villagers, led by Citizen's father, Subramani, go to the collector's office to ask about its status, the collector sends them away, saying they cannot build a wall in that area as the number of people is too small. The villagers later found out that the district collector, the MLA, the DGP, and the judge had taken 150 million rupees allocated by the government to build the wall. After that, when the four visited Attipatti, the outraged villagers embarrassed them by forcing them to eat mouldy rice and pouring water over them. In response, the four officials vowed to make Attipatti disappear from the map. One night, they arrived at Attipatti with henchmen, caught all the villagers, tied them on a boat, tortured them, and pushed them to the sea, killing all except Arivanandam.
Present: At the trial, Citizen explains he did not kidnap the MLA because he got punished after losing the election. With the judge, DGP, and district collector on the witness stand, Citizen tells the court that the death penalty or life imprisonment is lenient for them. He says corruption exists because government officers want to provide a luxurious life for their family members. Arivanandam suggests stripping the wealth and citizenship of the three and all their immediate and extended family members. The film ends with the court releasing Citizen because he fought for the good of the country.

 Cast 

 Production 
Early indications suggested that the film directed by Saravana Subbiah was a remake of the 1973 English film The Day of the Jackal, but it proved to be untrue. Ajith Kumar put on weight for the film, which would feature him in nine roles, and he claimed that he was inspired by Kamal Haasan's award-winning performances. Jyothika was originally a part of the cast but opted out due to conflicting commitments. Subsequently, singer Vasundhara Das, who had earlier appeared in Hey Ram, was chosen to play the leading lady, while Nagma was selected to essay the role of a police officer. A special feature on the making of the film was broadcast by Sun TV in May 2001. Dubbing for Nagma was provided by actress Anuradha. Gemini Ganesan was also initially meant to play a role in the film, but his character was later altered in the script and replaced by Pandiyan.After 2 months of pre-production, shooting started on 28 December 2000 with Ajith and Vasundhara Das, after the former completed the shooting for his previous action thriller film Dheena, which was also released in 2001 during the Thai Pongal festival, with Ravi K. Chandran as cinematographer who had replaced P. C. Sriram in the project. The location for the Athipatty scenes was an island situated on the outskirts of Chennai, and it took three hours for the team to travel from the city and then by boat to get there. A scene filmed at Rajaji Hall featured five thousand of Ajith's fans as extras. A song in the film was shot in Australia in March 2001, delaying the proposed release date of 1 May.

 Release 
Upon release Citizen  received positive reviews from critics and was successful and completed 150-day run at the box office, justifying a relatively large budget of ₹8 crore. The review from The Hindu labelled it as a "definite milestone in Ajit's acting career". Visual Dasan of Kalki wrote Ajith's dream of trying out makeup techniques has come true but the director's celluloid dream is not valid due to weak screenplay and tense direction. The film was commercial success.The film was later dubbed and released as Citizen in Telugu, to positive  reviews. The actor and director began to work on another project titled Itihasam, written by Sujatha and focusing on caste issues, but the production was shelved.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Deva. All lyrics were penned by Vairamuthu. The song "I Like You" is copied from "I Feel Lonely" by German singer Sasha, and parts of "Pookara Pookara" were copied from "Take a Chance on Me" by ABBA.

 References 

 External links 
Citizen at IMDb

Alai (film)
Alai (transl. Wave) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by Vikram Kumar. The film stars Silambarasan and Trisha, while Raghuvaran, Saranya, and Vivek played supporting roles. The score and soundtrack were composed by Vidyasagar and the film was released on 12 September 2003.

 Plot 
Aathi and Meera are college students who first meet in a bar and fight for a silly reason. Then Aathi with his friends go to his friend's village and there he sees Meera who is also there with her friends. There some goons on a festival show light on Meera who is wearing a sari. Then Aathi comes and beats the goons. Then Aathi and Meera discover that their best friends love each other and they help them to elope and do them a registered marriage. Then Aathi and Meera return to their houses where they realize they love each other. And much to their surprise their houses are beside each other. Then Aathi tries to tell Meera about his love but she doesn't care. And it is shown that Meera also loves him and then there comes a song called En Ragasiya Kanavugal. And then Aathi goes to Meera's house and sees her talking to her friend about him. Then again a song comes where again Aathi and Meera just romance each other.  And then Aathi's father arranges him marriage with a businessman's daughter because of his debt. And then Aathi and Meera separate and Aathi tries to calm Meera who is crying which is heard by his to be fiancé and she tells that she is not interested in this marriage. After that, Aathi ties the nuptial thread around Meera's neck on the wedding stage with everyone's blessings and Meera happily accepts it.

 Cast 

 Production 
Prior to release, the film made headlines when Silambarasan revealed that he was to undergo an image makeover for the film and move away from his "mass image" after appearing in such roles in Kadhal Azhivathillai and Dum.

 Reception 
BizHat's critic noted, "with a wafer thin storyline the director attempts to stretch ones patience with so called humour and Trisha roaming in skimpy dresses". Mokkarasu of Kalki called Vivek's comedy the only relief and felt the old plot did not have any newness in presentation and the dramatic climax without any major twists reminds of 60's films. He concluded saying director's formula of four songs, four fights, little bit of comedy is outdated and advised him to better concentrate on script hereafter.Soon after the failure of Alai, it was reported that the lead pair would come together for a project title Malai produced by P L Thenappan, but the project never took off. After a sabbatical following this film, Vikram Kumar returned in 2009 with the successful horror film Yavarum Nalam. Silambarasan and Trisha later came together eventually for Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa (2010) by Gautham Vasudev Menon, which became a commercial success.Another reviewer from The Hindu noted that "the youthful exploits of Silambarasan, the glamour of Trisha and the winsome music of Vidyasagar fail to do the trick, for the simple reason that the film lacks a taut screenplay with well-knit episodes.". The film became a financial failure at the box office.

 Soundtrack 
There are six songs composed by Vidyasagar. Soundtrack received a positive review from New Straits Times citing Vidyasagar "is surely at his best in this six-song soundtrack [..]". Solakattu Bommai is loosely inspired from Vidyasagar's Malayalam song "Chinga Masam" in Meesha Madhavan.

 References 

 External links 
Alai at IMDb

Alibhabha
Alibhabha is a 2008 Tamil thriller film directed by Neelan K. Sekar and produced by Pattiyal Sekhar. The film stars the latter's son Kreshna along with Prakash Raj and Janani in lead roles while Biju Menon, Thilakan, and Azhagam Perumal play supporting roles. Vidyasagar scored the music for the film while V. T. Vijayan handled the editing and Dinesh Kumar worked the cinematography. The film was released on 5 September 2008.

 Plot 
The city is being shaken by many heart-stopping crimes taking place at different places. Young women are being molested and killed with alarming frequency. Velu (Kreshna) helps his father Subramaniam (Prakash Raj) in stealing. Being seasoned thieves, they rob everything right from pins to cars. A spate of young women are murdered, and these developments rock the city. Thiagarajan (Azhagam Perumal), a tough cop, investigates the case. However, differences of opinions crop between the Police Commissioner (Biju Menon) and Thiagarajan. One day, Velu saves the commissioner from a meeting in order to steal the commissioner's car's audio player, and gets acquainted with him. Velu then begins to fall for Janani (Janani), who works in a bank. One day, when Velu withdraws money, he is shocked to find the balance amount to be Rs. 5 Lakhs. It suddenly swells to Rs. 30 Lakhs and then Rs. 70 Lakhs. That is when Subramaniam realizes that this is no mere coincidence. Someone was smartly using them as a pawn to cover up for other more serious activities. They were being used as the 'third man', a pretty common term in criminal parlance. Before they realize, all of them are caught in the web that was laid out. Who laid it out, how and why and do they eventually come out of it forms Alibaba. Subramaniam comes to Velu's rescue and manages to find the reason behind it. When the family begins to find out the reason behind this act, it results in bloodshed and gore, eventually ending up in Velu coming across the killers of young women in the city.

 Cast 
Kreshna as Velu
Prakash Raj as Subramaniam, Velu's father
Janani as Janani
Biju Menon as Police Commissioner
Thilakan as Narayanan, Biju Menon's father-in-law
Azhagam Perumal as Thiagarajan, Asst. Police Commissioner
Radha Ravi as Santhanapandian, Minister of Labour Department and Narayanan's friend
Lollu Sabha Jeeva as Velu's friend
Manobala as Loan Officer

 Soundtrack 
The music and background score  is composed by Vidyasagar, with lyrics written by P. Vijay, Yugabharathi and Jayantha.
"Krishna Krishna" - Ranjith
"Are Sambo Sambo" - Jassie Gift
"Neenda Mounam" - Karthik, Rajeswari
"Nenjil Aathadi" - Vidyasagar, Shiva
"Pudhiya Paarvai Ondru" - Ranjith, Sujatha Mohan

 Critical reception 
Sify wrote "On the whole Neelan definitely has the stuff in him, for a first timer his screenplay and narration is impressive, but towards the end goes overboard." Behindwoods wrote "Overall, Alibaba is a movie that relies on the suspense element to carry it through and the director has understood this very well, he is on the button."

 References 

Alli Arjuna
Alli Arjuna is 2002 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Saran. The film stars Manoj Bharathiraja and Richa Pallod, while Preetha Vijayakumar, Karan, Dhamu, Charle, Vinu Chakravarthy and Jai Ganesh play supporting roles. The music was composed by A. R. Rahman with cinematography by A. Venkatesh and editing by Suresh Urs. The film released on 14 January 2002.

 Plot 
Arivazhagan (Manoj Bharathiraja) is from Chennai and has grown up to be a good-for-nothing fellow because of the neglect and ill-treatment by the hands of his rich parents Anbu (Jai Ganesh) and Usha (Fathima Babu). Despite being a border-mark graduate, his only aim in life is to be an irritant to his father. The entire family goes to Bangalore to attend the marriage of Savitri (Richa Pallod) in Bangalore, and when the groom disappears, Arivu offers to take his place. The families agree, and Arivu waits for Savitri on the wedding stage. But Savitri also elopes, and Arivu feels betrayed. Months later, Savitri shows up at Arivu's house later, asking him to give her refuge. When he moves out of the house to take up residence with his friends, she follows him there too. Initially irritated by her, Arivu realizes that he is gradually falling in love with her.
Meanwhile, the friends learn more about Savitri's wedding. A year before the wedding, Nisha (Preetha Vijayakumar), an accountant in Chennai, reveals to her friend Savitri that she asks for help to arrange her wedding. Savitri convinces Nisha's brother Kishore (Karan), and Nisha's wedding is hastily arranged. But two days before the wedding, Nisha becomes a victim of sexual assault. She comes home, and out of shame commits suicide by immolation. Nisha's mother tries to save her and gets severely burned. Nisha's brother Kishore (Karan), starts to fervently search for the molester. When Savitri was recovering from the loss of her friend, Kumar's family came to propose to her. Savitri decided to teach him a lesson, and blackmailed him at the last moment to leave his own wedding.
One day, Arivu lands up in Kishore's house when he follows Savitri, and he is shocked to know that Nisha is Kishore's deceased sister. The reason he became shocked is he was responsible for her death and cries in an outburst. However, Kishore does not know this, and he advises Arivu to succeed in his love towards Savitri. He send drops Arivu, but Arivu's former enemy Kumar (Mahanadhi Shankar) tells Kishore that he sexually assaulted his sister. Hence, Kishore chases Arivu and beats him mercilessly with rage. Just as Kishore is about to kill Arivu in the same way that his sister died (i.e immolation), Savitri and her parents intervene the fight, and Arivu is forgiven and saved. The film hence ends with a sad note as Arivu is not united with Savitri and walks out.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack of the movie was composed by A. R. Rahman. The lyrics are done by Vairamuthu and Arivumathi. 4 songs are re-used from Rahman's earlier Hindi films: Pukar, 1947 Earth and One 2 Ka 4. The soundtrack was released in 2002.

 References 

 External links 
Alli Arjuna at IMDb

Alai Payuthey
Alai Payuthey ( transl. Waves are flowing) is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written, co-produced and directed by Mani Ratnam, starring R. Madhavan and Shalini. The film explores the tensions of married life between two young people who elope and the maturing of love among urban Indians who are conflicted between tradition and modernity. The score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman.The film's story is mostly recollected in flashbacks by Karthik (Madhavan), on how he and Shakthi (Shalini) fall in love against the backdrop of Chennai and its suburban trains, against the wishes of their parents. The film had a mostly positive reception by critics.
The film made its European premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2001. It was shown at various film festivals nationally and internationally. Alai Payuthey was later remade and released in Hindi in 2002, as Saathiya, directed by Ratnam's former assistant Shaad Ali.

 Plot 
Karthik Varadarajan is an independent and free-spirited software engineering graduate from a wealthy family who owns a startup along with his friends. At a friend's wedding, he meets Shakthi Selvaraj, a medical student from a middle-class family. The duo constantly bumps into each other on the local commuter trains they both use and eventually fall in love. Karthik pursues Shakthi aggressively and proposes marriage. Shakthi, however, is reluctant. Karthik manages to convince Shakthi and request his parents to formally ask Shakthi's parents for her hand in marriage. However, when the parents meet, they do not get along, and Shakthi calls off the relationship altogether and leaves for an extended medical camp in Kerala.
While apart, both Karthik and Shakthi realise that they are desperately in love and decide to get married without the knowledge or consent of their parents. They continue living separate lives after marriage, meeting outside of their homes and hoping that their parents will see eye to eye at some point in the future, and can be informed of the marriage. However, when the family of a Hyundai executive Raghuraman arrives at Shakthi's house one day to discuss a prospective wedding alliance between Raghuraman and Shakthi's elder sister Poorni, developments ensue resulting in Shakthi's parents attempting to fix her marriage to Raghuraman's younger brother Shyam. Shakthi confesses to her parents and Raghuraman's family that she is already married, leading to the alliance being called off, and her parents throw her out of the house. Karthik too divulges the same to his parents and is also asked by his father to leave his house.
Karthik and Shakthi start living together in a partially-constructed apartment and while all goes well for a while, they soon find that marriage is not as easy as they expected, and living under the same roof results in a large number of conflicts. The marriage gets increasingly tense as both have to cope with frustrations and disappointments. Shakthi soon learns that her father is diagnosed with jaundice and requests Karthik to visit him at the hospital. Karthik declines, citing her father's hatred of him as the main reason. He eventually agrees to meet him the following day, but by the time they reach her house, Shakthi's father has died. Wracked with guilt, the two return home, their relationship taking a turn for the worse. The two stop talking to each other.
Meanwhile, Karthik takes it upon himself to fix Poorni's broken alliance with Raghuraman. He arranges a blind date between the two, which initially fails. However, with more meetings, Poorni and Raghuraman become closer. This development takes place without Shakthi's knowledge. Karthik waits until Poorni and Raghuraman's marriage is confirmed before deciding to tell Shakthi. But Shakthi witnesses a girl hugging Karthik in gratitude at the railway station which eventually turns out to be Poorni, and misunderstands that he is having an extra-maritial affair, worsening their relationship.
Shakthi eventually learns from Poorni about her husband's efforts in getting her married and is overcome with guilt. Karthik sets off on the same evening to the railway station to pick up his wife as is their usual routine. In her rush to get home and makeup with Karthik, Shakthi meets with an accident. Karthik waits for her, and as she fails to turn up searches desperately for her throughout the city, ultimately discovering her in the ICU of a hospital. Karthik learns that Shakthi is registered under another name and is in a coma after having undergone brain surgery.
An IAS officer Ram claims that he caused the accident and admitted Shakthi in the hospital. As Karthik vents out his frustration on Ram, his wife intervenes and lets Karthik know that she was the person who caused the accident and injured Shakthi, and her husband was merely trying to protect her by taking the blame himself. Karthik observes Ram and notes that he has a lot to learn from the latter. He proceeds to Shakthi and admits that he could have been a better husband. Shakthi wakes up from her coma and the two reconcile.

 Cast 

 Production 

 Development 
Mani Ratnam opted to make a romantic film with relative newcomers after his 1998 Hindi film Dil Se.. and signed on small screen actor R. Madhavan to make his acting debut in Tamil films. Madhavan had done a sandalwood talc ad for Santosh Sivan in 1996 and the veteran cinematographer gave photographs of the actor to Mani Ratnam during the casting process of Iruvar. The director had made Madhavan audition for a role in the film but turned him down citing that "he thought his eyes were too young" and assured "that they would work together some other time". In 1999, Mani Ratnam rang Madhavan up suddenly and told him to "Come down and we will do a photo session. I am starting a film with you", much to the actor's surprise.

 Casting 
Mani Ratnam initially wanted to cast a debutant in the lead female role as well and carried out a screen test with Vasundhara Das, before signing on Shalini to play the role in the film in April 1999.Swarnamalya was selected to play the role of Poorni after the director spotted her on a television show and subsequently asked her to screen test for the film. The actress appeared without make-up in the film and also dubbed her own lines. Theatre actor, Karthik Kumar of Evam, also marked his film debut with a minor supporting role as a potential suitor to Shakti. Prior to the release of his breakthrough film Sethu (1999), Vikram was approached by Mani Ratnam to play the role of Swarnamalya's fiancé but turned down the offer. Television actress Sriranjani made her film debut with this film appearing as Madhavan's sister-in-law while Raviprakash appeared as Shalini's father thus making his acting debut with the film. Pondy Ravi appeared as a police officer, and the film is considered his "first break". Mani chose producer Pyramid Natarajan to portray the character of Madhavan's father. Azhagam Perumal who was one of the assistant directors in the film was chosen to portray the small role of a house owner as Mani Ratnam was looking for "someone like Jagathy Sreekumar to play the quirky house owner".The film also required two leading actors to appear in supporting roles with Khushbu chosen to do a role. After considering either Shah Rukh Khan, Mammootty or Mohanlal, Mani Ratnam signed Arvind Swamy to play another role, with Alai Payuthey becoming the pair's fourth production together. P. C. Sreeram renewed his collaboration with Mani Ratnam after seven years, with the director toggling between Santosh Sivan and Rajiv Menon for his other projects. A. R. Rahman was initially signed on just to compose the background score for the film as the film was originally planned to be songless; however after a change of heart, nine songs were recorded.

 Filming 
The film began without an official launch, like other Mani Ratnam projects, and it was initially expected that filming would be wrapped up in under four months. During the first seven days of the shoot, Mani Ratnam filmed portions featuring Shalini and made Madhavan stay on the sets and watch his process of film-making. The first scene the actor shot was the post-interval scene featuring Shakthi's mother played by Jayasudha. The song sequences Evano Oruvan, and September Matham was shot at Western Plywood Guesthouse and the Dharmadam Island respectively. "Evano Oruvan" was shot at Kannur as the song sequence demanded rain and the crew had to wait for many days for monsoon to shoot. The team shot at Srinagar in late for 25 days, becoming the last production team to shoot in the area until 2003 as a result of the Kashmir conflict. The song "Pachai Nirame" was shot at Kashmir. For the song, Sreeram revealed since the song "called for vibrant colours in pastel shades", he used a graduated filter to enhance colour and used lot of filters. A "meet the stars" publicity event was held at Music World in Spencer Plaza in March 2000, with the gathering being described as a success. About the production process, Madhavan revealed that he learnt about the technical aspects of film-making from the director and mentioned that he even learned the entire script of the film, irrespective of whether he was in the scene or not, claiming that working with Mani Ratnam inspires that sort of involvement and dedication.

 Soundtrack 

The music score that accompanies the film was composed by A. R. Rahman. Upon release, the album met with widespread critical acclaim, selling over six lakh cassettes, and went on to win the Filmfare Award for Best Music Director in 2000. This was Rahman's 50th film as composer. The soundtrack features 10 songs composed by Rahman, with lyrics by Vairamuthu, except for the title song "Alai Payuthey" (which was created by the 18th-century Carnatic music composer Oothukkadu Venkata Kavi, who also set it to the raagam Kanada). The song "Yaro Yarodi" later appeared in the 2008 American film, The Accidental Husband. The audio rights were sold to Saregama, a prominent music label in the 1999s.
Karthik worked as chorus singer for the film while Clinton Cerejo made his debut as playback singer. Song "Kadhal Sadugudu" provided major breakthrough for its singer S. P. Charan.

 Release and reception 
Alai Payuthey was released on 14 April 2000, during Puthandu (Tamil New Year). The Hindu said, "The wavy movements are not restricted to the title card alone. Alaipayuthey goes backward and forward in time and the movement holds a thin thread of suspense too. The oscillation from joy and levity to seriousness and sorrow creates impressive waves", The lead pair performance was praised saying, "Shalini once again proves that she is a natural performer while Madhavan sails through the litmus test with ease". Shobha Warrier of Rediff.com gave the film a middling review citing that the film is "old wine in an old bottle" and that "the only person who scores good marks in the film is P. C. Sreeram", saying "he has used his camera as a paintbrush and the strokes are so stunningly beautiful that, once the film is over, one remembers only the visual treat". In regard to performances, the critic mentions that Madhavan "looks pleasant and handsome and does his job splendidly until the end, where he looks totally lost in the most crucial scene" and that Shalini "is very beautiful but not as open as she used to be as a child star". Tamil Star wrote "A technically near-perfect film but lacking in intensity". Krishna Chidambaram of Kalki praised the performances of Shalini and Madhavan while also appreciating the cameos of Aravind Swamy and Kushboo and also for showing post-marriage friction beautifully.

 Accolades 

 Other versions 
Alai Payuthey was dubbed and released in Telugu under the title Sakhi. It was later remade in Hindi as Saathiya, by Ratnam's assistant Shaad Ali in 2002. This was the first time where the director had sold off production rights' of his films to be remade in another language as he had previously opted to dub and release the film himself.

 Legacy 
Alai Payuthey began a successful film career for Madhavan and launched him as a romantic hero. He has since gone on to become a regular part of the cast in Mani Ratnam's productions and featured in leading roles in Dumm Dumm Dumm (2001), Kannathil Muthamittal (2002), Aaytha Ezhuthu (2004) and Guru (2007). Meanwhile, Shalini had already agreed to call time on her career before release due to her pending marriage with Ajith Kumar and Alai Payuthey became her penultimate release. Swarnamalya also received several film offers after her critically acclaimed performance, but consecutive failures of eight of her ten movies since failed to catapult her into the leading bracket of actors. Post-release, the actress had also expressed her disappointment at several of her scenes being edited out of the film. In July 2011, Janani Iyer said she considered a role like Shalini's character from the film as "really challenging". Gautham Vasudev Menon revealed that the scene prior to the song "Evano Oruvan" was "almost straight out of real life" and that he "tried to incorporate such moments" in his films. The film created an interest for weddings held in temples.

 In popular culture 
Several other directors have made cultural references to Alai Payuthey, with both scenes and songs being alluded in their films. The scene where Madhavan proposes Shalini in the train was spoofed in Boss Engira Bhaskaran (2010) where Bhaskaran (Arya) tries to do the same with Chandrika (Nayanthara) but fails. When Madhavan saw that film, he said "It was a pleasant shock to see this clip feature in [Boss Engira Bhaskaran]. It was such a sweet tribute to me. After watching this sequence, I was quite amused to see how thin I was back then!" In Budget Padmanabhan (2000), Vivek speaks to Bhuvaneswari through cups attached with wires. Vivek utters Madhavan's dialogue from the film by mimicking his voice, he then hurts Theni Kunjarammal's eye by singing the film's song. In Majunu (2001), Vivek impresses lady by singing "Yaro Yarodi" in a telephone booth with his friends while she was speaking on the telephone but lady reveals that her husband was a police inspector, then he sings 'En Garuvam Azhindhadhadi' from the line of a song "Snegithane". In Shahjahan (2001), Vivek and Kovai Sarala's characters sing "Snegithane" in a humorous vein.The Hindi television series Beintehaa was dubbed in Tamil as Alaipayuthe. Songs from the film inspired several film titles – Snegithiye (2000), Kadhal Sadugudu (2003), Evano Oruvan (2007), Pachai Nirame (2008), Ragasiya Snehithane (2008) and Endrendrum Punnagai (2013). The initial publicity posters of Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa (2010) were inspired from various films including Alai Payuthey.

 References 

 Bibliography 
Prasad, Vrinda (March 2011). "Poster Mania". South Scope.

 External links 
Alai Payuthey at IMDb

Aai (film)
Aai (English: Hey/Yaai) is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language action masala film written and directed by A. Venkatesh. The film stars Sarathkumar in the main lead role, with Namitha as his love interest. Vadivelu, Kalabhavan Mani, Ashish Vidyarthi, Kota Srinivasa Rao, and Vincent Asokan plays supporting roles. The film released on 17 December 2004 and became a hit.

 Plot 
Sakthivel alias Velu is a tubelight seller who is living happily with his sister Lakshmi and friend Pazhani in Palani. He stays away from all wanted troubles and arguments and is forced to resort to fighting to defend his sister from the local rowdy Raghavan.
A flashback follows, where it is revealed that Velu is a military officer and Lakshmi is actually the sister of his best friend, Police Officer Mani of Chennai, who wants her to become a collector. Velu and Mani both clean up the society by punishing corrupt police officers. One day, Mani notices a wine shop opposite to the school where his wife Kanmani teaches. Mani, Kanmani, Velu, and the schoolchildren destroy the wine shop by throwing and breaking bottles and Velu burning the shop.
The shop is owned by Naachiyar. Naachiyar threatens Velu that he will destroy the school, but Velu prevents him by pouring oil at him, saying that before he destroys the school, Velu will destroy him. The next day, two wine shop men hide a bomb inside the school, under Naachiyar's plan. After getting a call from Kanmani, Velu and Mani both save the school children and Kanmani altogether. Unfortunately, Mani gets stabbed by a wine shop man and was thrown off from the school building. Velu tries to save Mani, but he dies. Mani gave an important wish to Velu, saying that his desire is to make his sister a collector.
Later, Velu drags Naachiyar from the police department, shows Mani's ashes to him, and then shoots him twice. It is also revealed that Velu had gone into hiding and maintained a low profile to protect him and Lakshmi from Naachiyar. After shooting Naachiyar, the military court said that Velu is innocent, but had resigned from his military job to take care of Lakshmi and makes sure that she becomes a collector, as Mani wished.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Srikanth Deva.

 Release and reception 
Due to producer's financial crunch, Aai took 4 months to come out.Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "It’s a rehash of so many earlier films [..] - that one loses count of the ‘inspirations’! There's nothing fresh by way of script or narrative style here. As for Sharat, though he plays the angry man with a vengeance, it's what he's done in his earlier films". Visual Dasan of Kalki wrote 'when public does wrong the police retorts, who will retort if police does wrong', this one line plot is backed up by a screenplay with love, action and comedy which saves the film from faltering. At the same time the lengthy climax towards the end gives a headache.

 References 

 External links 
Aai at IMDb

Ayodhya (2005 Tamil film)
Ayodhya is a 2005 Tamil-language drama film written, produced and directed by R. Jayaprakash. The film stars newcomer Mohankumar, Ramana, Rekha Unnikrishnan and newcomer Ragini Nandwani, with Manivannan, J. Livingston, Charan Raj, Saranya Ponvannan, Seetha, Ilavarasu, Mayilsamy, Chitti Babu and Delhi Kumar playing supporting roles. It was released on 28 January 2005.

 Plot 
Hussain Bhai (J. Livingston) and Sundaram Pillai (Charan Raj) were best friends in Ayodhyapuri near Nagercoil, a place where Hindus and Muslims lived in harmony. Hussain and Sundaram bought land to build a factory at that place. Hussain was married to Jameela (Saranya Ponvannan), while Sundaram married Seetha (Seetha) under Hussain and Jameela's blessings. Jameela and Seetha then became pregnant. Jameela, who had suffered a miscarriage, feared to lose her baby. In the meantime, Sabapathy (Manivannan), who was a troublemaker, turned the friends into enemies for his own personal gain. This issue was taken by the villagers, and the village split into two with Muslims on one side and Hindus on the other side. Later, Seetha and Jameela gave birth in the same hospital the same day. Fearing that Jameela's baby may die, Seetha switched the babies in their cradles, but Jameela knew about it.
25 years later, the conflict intensified between Hussain and Sundaram, and they are in a legal fight over the factory with Sabapathy, continuing to add fuel to the conflict. Seetha and Jameela want their husbands to make peace. Hussain's son grows up as Shankar (Ramana) in Sundaram's house, whereas Sundaram's son grows up as Ameer (Mohankumar) in Hussain's house. Ameer falls in love with Shankar's cousin Anu (Rekha Unnikrishnan), while Shankar falls in love with Ameer's relative Zarina (Ragini Nandwani). Thereafter, Ameer and Shankar become friends and decide to support their love. Sabapathy, who pulled strings to create conflicts between Muslims and Hindus, is ultimately killed. The film ends with Hussain and Sundaram making up after their quarrel, the lovers brought together, and Muslims and Hindus making peace.

 Cast 

 Production 
Director R. Jayaprakash explained, "The title is suggestive of the trouble that takes place in the story. Ayodhya is a holy place and for those living in the village, there is no controversy or the location of the temple. For the outsiders only the trouble. All the unrest in this town is due to outsiders. So is the case with the village and the two lovebirds". Newcomer Mohankumar, Ramana, Rekha Unnikrishnan, and newcomer Ragini Nandwani signed to play the lead roles. Sabesh–Murali had scored music for the film, and two of the songs were shot in Ireland.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by the duo Sabesh–Murali, with lyrics written by Na. Muthukumar, P. Vijay and Kalaikumar.

 Reception 
Balaji Balasubramaniam of bbthots.com wrote, "Ayodhya's only link to religion is that it features two Hindu-Muslim romances. But the director has complicated the romances so much that even he is unable to close things off cleanly" and added, "Mohankumar lacks the talent, looks, physique and voice to be a leading man [...] Ramanaa fares better compared to him". Sify said, "Even though Jayaprakash sets out to make a movie on Hindu-Muslim amity to spread communal harmony, he ends up making a distasteful film". The film bombed at the box office.

 References 

ABCD (film)
ABCD is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Saravana Subbiah. The film starred Shaam, Nandana, Sneha, and Aparna. It was released on 25 November 2005.

 Plot 
Anand, an MBA-chartered accountant, runs in search of a job. He stays in the house of an old Brahmin whose daughter Chandra returns home following the death of her husband, who had been torturing her since their wedding. She slowly gets attracted towards Anand, for he shows love and affection towards her. Meanwhile, Anand comes across bharati in a bus, who misplaces his academic certificates. Bharati is a woman with revolutionary ideas and looks after her whole family. A sequence of events brings them close, leading to Bharati developing love towards him. Meanwhile, Anand comes across Divya Daisy, an orphan brought up by a church who goes to find a job herself and settles in life all out of her own efforts. Anand rescues her from an accident and rushes her to a hospital. Over a period of time, they become very close friends, eventually leading to Divya opening her heart to Anand. Who Anand decides to marry forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
Saravana Subbiah announced that his next film would be titled ABCDE, starring Shaam. The "E" stood for Eashwari, but the character was later removed and the title was shortened to ABCD. The letters stand for the main characters of the film. ABCD continues the trend of casting three heroines opposite the hero that started with Autograph and would continue with Vallavan. Shaam plays a mature man in the film.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by D. Imman.

 Release and reception 
The film was released on 25 November 2005, shortly after the successful Ullam Ketkumae. A critic from Sify wrote: "If you like a mixture of romance, mush and melodrama then ABCD is on your priority list". A critic from The Hindu opined that the film was "A love story decently told". A critic from Behindwoods wrote: "The film leaves you with a feeling of being overwhelmed by issues. The director attempts to tackle too many problems which was the mistake he did in his previous movie, Citizen. Yet, he must be congratulated for beating a different path in an industry which seems preoccupied with action and no melodrama". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online opined that "ABCD is a film that sincerely attempts to break away from the routine fare, simple, unpretentious and straight from the heart". Lajjavathi of Kalki praised the acting of Sneha, Imman's music, art, cinematography and called Vadivelu's humour as relief but panned Shaam's acting and concluded even if the A to Z of the screenplay is not to be appreciated, one cannot help but appreciate the heartwarming story and characters.

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 
ABCD at IMDb

Daas (2005 film)
Daas is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language romantic action film written and directed by newcomer Babu Yogeswaran. The film stars Jayam Ravi and Renuka Menon in lead and Vadivelu, Adithya Menon, Shanmugarajan, Monica, Abhinay, and Salim Ghouse, among others, in supporting roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film released on 29 July 2005.

 Plot 
The film begins in a small village in Tirunelveli district where a few upper-caste men hold a chariot festival. Antony Daas (Jayam Ravi), along with his friends, pulls the chariot into their slum. The friends naturally incur the wrath of a local leader named Annachi (Shanmugarajan). Meanwhile, his daughter Rajeshwari (Renuka Menon) falls in love with Daas. Her sister Punitha (Monica) elopes to marry a lower-caste boy named Guna (Abhinay), who is a classmate of Daas. Coming to know about this, Annachi sends his men to bump off Punitha and Guna. He eventually sets them ablaze in front of Daas. An angry Rajeshwari, in order to teach her father a lesson, elopes with Daas and vows to get married. The couple then seeks refuge in Nasser's (Krishna) house in Madurai. He promises to get them married. However, coming to know about their hideout, Annachi's men reach Madurai to foil their plans. Nasser's father Vappa (Salim Ghouse) promises to get them united. Enters Nasser's brother Anwar (Adithya Menon), who plans to let loose terror in the Madurai town in the name of Jehad. How Daas emerges triumphant from all the troubles and marries Rajeshwari forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film was initially titled as Rascal before it got changed as Daas named after the character of protagonist. Daas was Jayam Ravi's third film and his first original film following two remakes, the film featured him as a football player.

 Soundtrack 
The musical score as well as the soundtrack were composed by noted music composer Yuvan Shankar Raja. The soundtrack, released on 21 April 2005, features 6 songs, the lyrics for which are written by Pa. Vijay, Viveka and Yugabharathi. The song "Vaa Vaa" was reused from Ilaiyaraaja's old song "Adiye Manam Nilluna Nikkathadi" from the 1984 film Neengal Kettavai. The song "Saami kitta" was a critical acclaim for the singers and the music director. Shreya Ghoshal received a nomination from Tamil Isai Viruthugal.

 Release and reception 
The film took an even bigger opening than his previous ones and was declared a hit as well. He garnered positive remarks from critics, with Sify's reviewer claiming that Ravi was a "hundred percent convincing as an action hero," further labelling his performance as "impressive." Lajjavathi of Kalki called it "one time watchable".

 References 

 External links 
Daas at IMDb

Asokavanam
Asokavanam is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language thriller film written and directed by Thakkali Srinivasan. The film stars Sriman, Livingston, Rajashree, and Riyaz Khan, while Master Mahendran and Baby Jennifer appear in supporting roles. Featuring music composed by Deva, the film was released on 12 October 2001.

 Plot 

 Cast 
Sriman as Madhu
Livingston as Selvam
Riyaz Khan as Mohan
Rajashree as Uma
Mohan Raman as Sadasivam
Abhishek Shankar
Master Mahendran as Rahul
Baby Jennifer as Priya

 Reception 
A reviewer from The Hindu noted "the script is good in the first half but sags in the second", adding "the director has not done much to sustain the viewers' interest or to keep them guessing".

 References 

 External links 
Asokavanam at IMDb 
Asokavanam at Rotten Tomatoes

Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam
Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam (transl. That was a period of dream) is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by Balu Mahendra. The film featured Dhanush and Priyamani , while Karunas and Delhi Ganesh played supporting roles. The music for the film was scored by Ilaiyaraaja, while Sai Suresh produced the venture. The film is a remake of the director's own Malayalam film Yathra. The film was released on 2 November 2005, coinciding with Diwali, and received a below average response commercially.

 Plot 
Srinivasan (Dhanush) escapes from jail and hitches a ride on a truck to meet his love Thulasi (Priyamani). He reveals his flashback to the lorry driver, telling him of the disputes between his ambitious father and himself. When the parents leave home for a week, Srinivasan is left in the maid's care. Soon, he meets the maid's daughter, Thulasi, his childhood playmate, and they fall in love. But his father objects to his son falling in love with Thulasi. One day, Srinivasan and his friends land up in prison for crashing their car on a police vehicle. While at the police station, Srinivasan locks horns with an inmate in jail and when he pushes him in a fit of rage, he sustains a serious head injury subsequently killing him. Eventually Srinivasan gets convicted for 10-year-rigorous imprisonment. His mother dies, and Thulasi's family goes bankrupt and leaves to their native village in Ooty. A dejected Srinivasan escapes from prison to meet Thulasi. Whether the two join forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 
Dhanush as Srinivasan
Priyamani  as Thulasi (Voice dubbed by Prameela)
Delhi Ganesh as Ganesh
Kalairani as Sathya
Karunas
Thalaivasal Vijay
Shanmugarajan
Amarasigamani as Inspector
Munnar Ramesh
Usha
Jashik
Kovai Babu
Rail Ravi
Tejashree in a special appearance

 Production 
Following the success of Kadhal Kondein (2003), Balu Mahendra signed on Dhanush to appear in his next film in July 2003. Initially the director revealed that the film titled Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam would be an extension to his 1979 film Azhiyadha Kolangal stating that Dhanush would play a teenager infatuated by a woman who is fifteen years older than him to be played by Ramya Krishnan. However he opted against doing that story and decided to build his film around two of his Malayalam films from the 1980s – Nireekshana and Yathra, and the title of the film was subsequently changed to Unakkae Uyiranaen. It was later changed back to the original title before release.
The shoot for the film began in December 2003 with scenes featuring the lead pair shot in Chennai. The film was shot in Hogenakkal Falls in November 2004, with Dhanush marrying Aishwarya Rajinikanth in between schedules. He consequently also delayed his honeymoon, to commit to a fifteen-day schedule for the film in December 2004. During the making of the film, Dhanush also struck up a friendship with assistant director Vetrimaaran, and the pair have since come together for four films. The film was delayed through late 2004 after the director fell ill.In August 2005, the film faced criticism for a promotional hoarding put up in Chennai which featured photographs of Priyamani and Dhanush in a compromising position. It became the second such film during the period, where they were forced to remove the hoardings due to public protest after Silambarasan's Vallavan. Further trouble occurred in October 2005, Balu Mahendra approached the police seeking action to secure a sum of Rs 3.75 lakh, an outstanding amount of his salary for directing the movie, from the producer Sai Suresh and matters were resolved quickly. Although early reports suggested that Dhanush would be the distributor, producer Vishwas Sundar, bought the distribution rights and subsequently released the film in the Diwali season of 2005.After the film's release, members of the regional censor board complained that the promos of Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam were being shown on television without mentioning that the film had an "adult" certificate. At the time of censoring, Balu Mahendra was not willing to cut the deep lip-to-lip kissing scenes between the lead pair of Dhanush and Priya Mani and opted for an "A" certificate, which he subsequently refused to note down in the promotions.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack of the film was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.

 Release and reception 
The film received mixed reviews, with Shobha Warrier of Rediff.com stating that the film "disappointed", criticizing the film in comparison to Mahendra's earlier work, Yathra. The Hindu's critic noted that "excelling in technical aspects, the film falls short in the area of storyline." In comparison, Indiaglitz.com noted that "Balu Mahendra's direction is from the heart. Yet, there is a cerebral touch. He takes up subjects that are every-day, but infuses in them a special meaning. He gives his own interpretation" The critic also proceeded to praise the performances of the lead pair.
Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam opened alongside other big films like Vijay-starrer Sivakasi and the Vikram-starrer Majaa. The film was described by trade pundits as a "complete wash-out".

 References 

 External links 
Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam at IMDb

Monument to Salavat Yulaev
The Monument to Salavat Yulaev (Russian: Памятник Салавату Юлаеву, Pamyatnik Salavatu Yulayevu; Bashkir: Салауат Юлаев һәйкәле, Salawat Yulayev häykäle) is a monument to Salawat Yulayev located in Ufa, Russia.  The monument is represented in the coat of arms of Bashkortostan. It was built in 1967.

 History 
For the first time, Soslanbek Tavasiev heard about Salawat Yulayev , in July 1941, when he was evacuated to Bashkortostan from 
Moscow, because on June 22, 1941 Germany launched a war against the Soviet Union. The family of Soslanbek Tavasiev was evacuated to the Bashkir village of Sterlibashevo. At the local market, Tavasiev heard an emotional speech from a local resident that the country needed heroes like Salawat.
The author decided to portray the hero at the moment when Salawat leads the army to help  Pugachev to Orenburg (1774). On the mountain, the horseman decisively stops his horse, and calls on people to go to fight. This moment formed the basis of the plot of the composition. Tavasiev was thinking about the future development of Ufa and wanted the sculpture to stand here for a long time and be visible from all sides. Therefore, he chose one of the highest places in the city, at the end of Chishminskaya Street on a hill before descending to the Agidel (Belaya) River.
The installation of the architectural composition in this place was associated with financial difficulties, it would have to demolish dozens of private houses and resettle tenants. But the sculptor did not agree to erect the monument in another place. Tavasiev worked on the monument to Salawat Yulaev for 20 years.
The monument  created by the national sculptor, monumentalist and artist of North Ossetia and Bashkortostan Soslanbek Tavasiev was unveiled on November 17, 1967 and on the high bank Belaya river in Ufa. The monument to Salavat became the hallmark of Ufa and a national treasure. The image of the monument is on coat of arms of Bashkortostan.The monument is unique in that with a weight of 40 tons it has only three fulcrum points. The height of the monument reaches 9.8 meters, with a pedestal 14 m.

The full-scale model of the monument made of gypsum was completed by 1963, was discussed by specialists in Moscow and officially adopted by the board of the Ministry of Culture of the USSR. Then Tavasiev brought her to Ufa, where she was installed in the lobby Bashkir State Opera and Ballet Theater.
The sculptor finalized the monument, taking into account the comments of the residents of Ufa. The sculpture was cast for a month and a half at the Leningrad plant "Monument sculpture." To strengthen the sculpture, a steel frame was installed inside it, embedded in a reinforced concrete pedestal and passed through its resting legs, the hollow body of the horse and the figure of the rider.
In 1970, for the monument to Salawat Yulayev, Soslanbek Dafaevich Tavasiev was awarded State Prize of the USSR.

 Composition 
The monument is a sculpture of Salawat Yulaev on a horse. In his right hand, Salavat holds a whip, and a saber is mounted on his left side. The monument is made of bronze cast iron. The pedestal is made of reinforced concrete, lined with granite slabs. The area around the monument is lined with colored plates and landscaped. The monument is fenced with openwork metal bars.

 Facts 
The monument is a place of pilgrimage for tourists. From the rock on which the monument stands, overlooks the Belaya River and the surrounding nature.
The monument is included in the  Seven Wonders of Bashkortostan.

 Gallery 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 References 

 Links 
Video on YouTube

Dindigul Sarathy
Dindigul Sarathy is a 2008 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by Siva Sanmukam, who earlier directed Thagapansamy. The film stars Karunas, Karthika, and Saranya Ponvannan, while Nassar, M. S. Baskar, Livingston, and Chitti Babu play supporting roles. The film has cinematography by S. Thaj and music by Dhina. The film released on 19 December 2008. It is a remake of the Malayalam film Vadakkunokkiyantram (1989).

 Plot 
The story revolves around an insecure teetotaler named Sarathy (Karunas), who feels bad due to his dark skin (his wife Vasanthi (Karthika) is fairer than him), which is often the butt of many jokes. Because Sarathy feels inferior to Vasanthi, he begins to suspect her of infidelity and thinks that she will one day elope with a lover. After a misunderstanding, Sarathy and his mother Saradha (Saranya) are estranged, which further weakens the bond between him and Vasanthi. How Sarathy resolves his issues and gets back together with Vasanthi forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Dhina.

 Critical reception 
Behindwoods noted "Overall, Dindigul Sarathy is a product that comes out only once. Its distinctness is its defining strength, but it has got its commercial limitations at the box office". Indiaglitz noted "Due credit should be given to director Shivashanmugham, who has made necessary changes in the script to suit the Tamil audience. Though the first half has shades of the original, the latter half is different and oozes with nativity". Hindu wrote "Borrowed from a Malayalam film, director Sivashanmugan makes a few small and suitable changes to the storyline for his Tamil venture".

 References 

 External links 
Dindigul Sarathy at IMDb

Achacho
Achacho (transl. Whoops) is a 2007 Indian Tamil language romantic drama film written and directed by V. S. Balray. The film stars newcomers Sri Hari and Varshini, with Shanmugasundaram, Thalaivasal Vijay, Lavanya, Kumarimuthu, Nambirajan and Ponmaran playing supporting roles. It was released on 4 May 2007.

 Plot 
The film begins with doctor Dhayalan being interviewed by the press: he explains that the baby girls should be saved from infanticide in India and explains how there will be a lesser number of women in the years to come.
In a remote village, the village chief Nattamai organises a competition to decide who will marry the single woman. There are now twenty-four unmarried young men waiting to get married and seven girls who have not yet come of age in the village. The young men may not marry women from other villages due to their customs, so they have to wait until their village girl attains puberty and the competition will decide it. At the village pachayat, Nattamai finds that the fourteen-year-old girl Vennila who is from their village is living in the city. He then orders that Vennila will marry one of the villagers in four years.
Four years later, Vennila comes to the village and the twenty-four men try to woo her. Later, Kumaran, son of a rich jeweller, comes to the village to give Vennila the jewels her father ordered and he accidentally kisses her. After multiple encounters, they eventually fall in love with each other. In the meantime, one of the young men eloped with a girl from another village, when the Nattamai learns about it, he abducts them and burns them alive in public.
In the past, an astrologer told the ruthless village chief Muthulingam that a baby girl will destroy the village in the future so Muthulingam killed all the baby girl, the years passed, and there were no girls in the village. After Muthulingam's death, the new village chief stopped this inhuman activity.
Tired of this impractical custom, Nattamai and the villagers let Kumaran and Vennila live together. The young men are now allowed to get marry girls from other villages.

 Cast 

 Production 
V. S. Balray made his directorial debut with Achacho under the banner of Rosy Pictures. Newcomer Sri Hari was chosen to play the hero while newcomer Varshini (credited as Priyasri) was selected to play the heroine. Twenty-four newcomers were cast to play young bachelors. M. K. S. Narula Khan composed the music, C. T. Arul Selvan took care of camera work and Suresh Urs was the film editor. The film was entirely shot in Gobichettipalayam.

 Soundtrack 
The music composed by M. K. S. Narula Khan, with lyrics written by V. S. Balray. IndiaGlitz said, "With a healthy mix of soft, peppy and earthy songs, Noorulah has shown he is a good prospect for the future [..] Noorulah Khan has made a right beginning".

 Reception 
Indiareel wrote, "Though Achacho has got a good theme, logical potholes in the film makes it hard to survive in the second half". Cinesouth said, "Such a happening in the present age is unbelievable, but hats off to the director for having managed 24 new faces and moving the story along into a comic angle". Malini Mannath wrote for Chennai Online, "It's a plot that's different from the routine ones. Debutant Balraj can be commended for his novelty of concept and his effort to think differently. But what the film misses out on strongly is finesse".

 References 

 External links 
Achacho at IMDb

Dhanam (2008 film)
Dhanam (Tamil: தனம்) is a 2008 Tamil-language drama film written and directed by G. Shiva. The film stars Sangeetha, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Ashish Vidyarthi and Manobala. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Ilayaraja. The film is the last project Sangeetha completed before her marriage.

 Plot 
The film opens with a cop (Ashish Vidyarthi) and his assistant (Manobala) searching for a prostitute named Dhanam (Sangeetha) in the streets of Hyderabad. While they ask the public around the streets about Dhanam a flashback breaks out.
The story goes five years back from the present day. Ananth (Prem), a young student from a Hindu Brahmin family based in Kumbakudam comes to Hyderabad to study post graduate medicine. There he meets Dhanam. He falls in love with her and begins to follow her for several days. She suspects that Ananth came to her to do business and takes him to her place. They both have sex for money and this begins to happen frequently.
One day Ananth opens up his feelings to her, but she refuses his propose, let the public in the street beat him up and walks away. Dhanam's close friends tell her to stop living as a prostitute and start over her life by live with Ananth. They both meet at a temple and have an argument. Dhanam finally comes with a decision that if Ananth's family accept her she will marry him.
The next day they both go to Kumbakudam to visit Ananth's family. After hearing that Dhanam is a prostitute and that Ananth wants to marry her, his family refuse to accept the marriage. A priest named Vedhagiri (Rao) who is a good family friend of Ananth's family forces them to accept the marriage by telling them that the horoscopes match. The family immediately go to Hyderabad and arrange everything for the marriage. They both get married the next day. This is a trap by Vedhagiri. Vedhagiri who had earlier asked Dhanam in Hyderabad to have sex for money uses this situation to get closer to Dhanam, but she tells him to stay away.
Some days later, Ananth and his family ask her why she began with prostitution. She says that her mother used to be a prostitute. Dhanam was the only child for her. Her mother wanted her to not follow her tracks and kept her as virgin. One day when her mother was very ill, a man fooled Dhanam by saying that he will take her to the hospital so that they can bring the doctor home, but raped her on the way. She began to have sex for money to save her sick mother, but unfortunately her mother died some days later. Since Dhanam was too young and she did not have anyone to take care of her, she began with prostitution and settled down in Gandhi Theru. After hearing this Ananth and his family could understand her pain and ask for apology for not understanding her earlier.
The next day Dhanam gets pregnant. During her pregnancy Vedhagiri tries to make a deal with Dhanam, but she refuses again. This begins to happen often. Dhanam keeps this secretly from her husband and in-laws because they have a lot of respect for him. Dhanam later gives birth to a baby girl.
After the birth, the family begins to go through a hard time. They ask Vedhagiri to check the horoscope and find out why this happens. Vedhagiri says that the time the baby was born was not good. He says that the baby has to die or everyone in the family will die within a year. The family keep this secret for Dhanam and kill the baby by feed it with poison. Some days after the death of her child, Dhanam finds out that her in-laws were behind of the murder. Dhanam who saw her daughter as her mother, becomes stressed and Grieves over her dead baby. The flashback ends with that Dhanam killing her husband, her in-laws and Vedhagiri by give them food with poison.
The cop and his assistant go to the cop and the judge who closed the case of the murder of Dhanam's husband, her in-laws and the priest and have a conversation about the case. The cop and the assistant asked the cop and the judge about their opinion. They both said that Dhanam is innocent. She just showed the anger a mom has. The film ends with that the cop and the assistant close the case and let Dhanam go.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The album includes seven songs composed by Ilayaraja. The lyrics were provided by Vaali, Muthulingam, Mu. Metha, Palani Bharathi and Vishali Kannadasan.

 Reception 
Dhanam received mixed reviews, largely praising Sangeetha's performance. Indiaglitz said "Dhanam is a bold venture that is certainly a whiff of air from the rest of conventional commercial masala movies". Behindwoods rated the film 1.5 stars out of 5, saying "Dhanam is a movie which does not fulfill the scope of its theme. Also, the subject will be seen by some groups as controversial. This, coupled with a pretty narrow cross section of the audience who will accept such bold themes, stacks the odds against Dhanam". Sify wrote:"Shiva is bold to take such a subject, but his handling, slow pace and too many songs makes Dhanam excruciatingly laboured, the film is dark and depressing". Rediff wrote:"Altogether a washed out product that passes itself off as a 'serious' film, but instead takes the viewer for a disappointing ride".

 References 

Aanivaer
Aanivaer is a 2006 Tamil-language independent war film directed by John Mahendran starring Nandha, Madhumitha, Neelima Rani, and Mullai Yesudasan. The music was composed by Satheesh. The film was released on 23 September 2006. Shot entirely in the then LTTE controlled Vanni in Sri Lanka, it includes scenes about the exodus of Tamil people from Jaffna to Vanni after the fall of Jaffna to the Sri Lankan Army in 1995 and the rape and murder of Tamil school Krishanthi Kumaraswamy,   the film was initially released for screening in the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia only. It was later released in India as well.

 Plot 
Dr. Nandha (Nandha) works at a small makeshift hospital that serves as the only option for the wounded and the dying from the war. He refuses to leave his motherland for greener pastures and sets out to serve his people. Journalist Sandhya (Madhumitha) comes from India for a cover story on the ethnic strife, but the witnessing of every possible cruelty inflicted on the people is too much to take. Having personally experienced the pitiful plight of the Tamils in Sri Lanka, Zambia, Papua New Guinea, Brunei, and Nigeria, she goes back to South India with a heavy heart. Sandhya returns to Vanni for the second time with a view to meeting Nandha, whom she had met and loved on her first visit. Her initial enquiries to find out the whereabouts of Nandha prove difficult, but she continues.

 Cast 
Nandha as Dr. Nandha
Madhumitha as Sandhya
Neelima Rani as Sivashanthi
Mullai Yesudasan

 Production 
The film was shot in Sri Lanka with a story and screenplay revolving around a love story amid the then ongoing Civil War in Sri Lanka. Distributed by an independent distribution company, Thamizh Thiraikkann, the film was released in Tamil diaspora areas in Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The film was released in India the following year.

 References 

 External links 
Aanivaer at IMDb

Engal Aasan
Engal Aasan (transl. Our Mentor) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language action comedy drama film directed by R. K. Kalaimani. The film stars Vijayakanth in the lead role and Vikranth, Sheryl Brindo, Akshaya and Suja Varunee playing supporting roles. The film was released on 18 July 2009. The film, upon release could not release in the big theatres and became a colossal flop.

 Plot 
Mahendran, a bank officer who is transferred to the branch of Village Nilakottai to sort out the perplexing situation of bank fraud carried on by a big shot named Ramki. Over there, he happens to find out that Ramki has borrowed a loan of worth Rs. 250 million in the name of villagers. Kumar and Muthu approach Ramki to return the money that he had illegally borrowed. When refused, he assures of arresting Ramki, and the very next day, Mahendran and his colleagues are pushed down in shock, for the entire bank is burnt down, and they are then dismissed. Now, Mahendran, together with his mates, tries to prove their innocence and reveal Ramki's true colors.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Sabesh–Murali.

 Reception 
thiraipadam wrote "the old-fashioned, simplistic storyline, the poor production values and the weak comedy track ensure that the movie doesn't offer anything else to a viewer not belonging to that group".

 References 

Dost (2001 Tamil film)
Dost (transl. Friend) is a 2001 Tamil-language action-crime film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars R. Sarathkumar and Abhirami, while Raghuvaran, Prakash Raj and Indu play supporting roles. It was released on 29 June 2001.

 Plot 
Vishwa (Sarathkumar) and Raghu (Raghuvaran) are the closest of friends. However, the former is true, while the latter is merely a mercenary. Nothing matters to Raghu except money. He uses his wealthy friend as a ruse to rise in status. Devoted to his selfish friend, Vishwa is too naive to know that Raghu is an archetypal scheming villain who could ruin him for money. When he does realize the truth, it is too late – he is already a wreck, estranged from his child and lover and behind bars. Now it is time for revenge.
Vishva and Ragu were friends and drinks alcohol in a boat at night time, during this time Ragu alleges that Visva loves his wife due to which Visva never marries 2nd time and hearing this Visva gets angry and beats Ragu and both finally sleeps but at morning Visva cannot see Ragu inside the boat,only blood stains are seen. Police arrest visva and in court all proof are against visva ending in life imprisonment for 7 years. But visva jumps out of jail when he gets phone call from his daughter now under custody of Ragu who going to gunshot her. Viswa traces Ragu to Goa and finally kills Ragu and saves his daughter.

 Cast 

 Production 
S. A. Chandrasekhar had written the film in the late 1990s but shelved the venture as he could not find the correct actor to portray a boxer. After receiving an offer from Lakshmi Movie Makers to direct the film, he reworked the script and cast R. Sarathkumar, alongside Prakash Raj and Raghuvaran.

 Soundtrack 
Lyrics were written by Vaali.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, "The film has flashes of intelligence, splashes of humour, spurts of sentiment and mounds of melodrama. Yet the cocktail does not offer complete satiety. One reason could be the pace, affected as it is by inevitable appendages", and criticised its conspicuous similarities to the American film Double Jeopardy (1999). Visual Dasan of Kalki called the film "average".

 References 

 External links 
Dost at IMDb

Engalukkum Kaalam Varum (2001 film)
Engalukkum Kaalam Varum (transl. Our time will come) is a 2001 Tamil-language comedy drama film directed by Balaruban. The film stars Livingston, Kausalya, Vivek  and Vadivelu. It was released on 9 February 2001.

 Plot 
Kuppan (Livingston), after losing his mother, comes from the village to live with the family of his uncle Mannangatti (Manivannan) in the city. Mannangatti works abroad for his family. Mannangatti has three daughters : Lakshmi (Kausalya), a soft-spoken girl, and arrogant city girls Pooja (Kasthuri) and Teja (Vineetha), and a son Vellaiyan (Vadivelu) who wants to get married as fast as possible. When Mannangatti comes back from abroad, he decides to arrange his children's marriage. Pooja marries the rich NRI Santhosh (Vivek) and Teja marries Ramesh (Karan), a government employee, who wants to make it big in life. Vellaiyan falls in love with Jennifer (Kovai Sarala) and marries her. While Lakshmi refuses to marry the person her father has chosen and marries her cousin Kuppan secretly. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Deva. The soundtrack, released in 2001, features 6 tracks with lyrics written by P. Vijay, Piraisoodan, Kalidasan and Ponniyin Selvan.

 Reception 
S. R. Ashok Kumar of The Hindu wrote "A dialogue-based film which tries to deliver a message but sags in the second half". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "When the story is run-of the-mill and the treatment is insipid, at times one gets some relief from the comedy track and team. But when the comedy team itself is allowed a free run on the screen like unbridled horses, then what results is chaos and mayhem. 'Engalukkum Kaalam Varum' is one such film".

 References 

Devathaiyai Kanden
Devathaiyai Kanden (transl. I Saw an Angel) is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by Boopathy Pandian in his directorial debut. The film stars Dhanush and Sridevi Vijaykumar, while Kunal and Karunas play supporting roles. The film borrows its name from a hit song from another Dhanush film, Kaadhal Kondein (2003). The music was composed by Deva. The film was released on 14 January 2005 and went on to become a commercial success. The film was remade in Kannada as Jaaji Mallige.

 Plot 
Babu is a struggling tea vendor who makes a living out of selling milk tea, carrying the business on his bicycle. He falls in love with Uma, a rich college girl. Gradually, Uma also reciprocates Babu's feelings for his good nature, and things go smoothly for a while.
Uma's parents find her a groom Bala, who is wealthy and who well-educated. Uma is in a dilemma on whom to choose as her life partner. She thinks of her future if she chooses the impoverished Babu, where she visualizes herself giving birth to a child in a government hospital, her husband unable to raise required money for her medical expenses, and overall a very difficult life; in contrast to a life where she is pampered by everyone, her every need taken care of almost instantly if she chooses to marry Bala.
While Babu is on a religious trip to Sabarimala, Uma decides to marry Bala so that she can continue to lead a comfortable life. Babu is devastated when he learns of this and heartbroken when Uma goes to the extent of shouting at him. He accuses her parents for changing her mind.
Babu gets arrested after trying to attempt suicide during a Valentine's Day gathering. He is taken to the police station and gets beaten up by an inspector. Babu's friend Kaduppu Subramani pleads with the inspector, saying that he and Babu are orphans and there is no one to ask after them if they get killed. This changes the inspector's mind and makes him look at Babu's plight kindly, and he agrees to file a case against Uma.
In a unique way, Babu files a case against Uma for not holding the promise made to him of sharing a life together for a good 50 years. The case soon gathers momentum and has the public discussing it everywhere. As the case progresses, several sacrifices made by Babu for the sake of Uma come into light through revelations made by people known to him and by his close friends. Uma has a change of heart and on the final day of the hearing, decides to reunite with Babu.
When Uma offers a rose to Babu, he refuses to accept her, saying that the case was filed not to win her back, but to teach a lesson to her and every girl with an attitude identical. He justifies further by saying that yesterday she hated him because of his status but today she loves him and tomorrow she may again find him unattractive. Babu also says that as he did not know English, she left him. While leaving the court complex, much to the surprise of the visibly embarrassed Uma, he tells his last word to her in his known English, "Goodbye".

 Cast 

 Production 
Dhanush signed a film titled Ennai Mattum Kadhal Pannu (transl. Love me only) soon after the success of Thulluvadho Ilamai, and the venture was initially set to star Sherin, who appeared alongside him in that film. Since then, the title and the heroine went through multiple changes, briefly being referred to as Kadhal Sughamanathu (transl. Love is peace), Kadhalna Summava (transl. Is love a joke?) and then finally as Devathaiyai Kanden, after the song of the Dhanush-starrer Kaadhal Kondein (2003). Sridevi Vijaykumar replaced Sherin.The film was delayed as Dhanush had signed on to appear in several other films following the success of Kaadhal Kondein. Other projects he prioritised over Devathaiyai Kanden included Pudhukottaiyilirundhu Saravanan (2004), Sullan (2004), Dreams (2004) and Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam (2005). He also worked on a number of dropped films during the period including K. S. Ravikumar's Odipolaama, Selvaraghavan's Doctors, Sibi Chakravarthy's Raghava and Manmadha Rasa.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Deva.

 Release and reception 
Devathaiyai Kanden was released on 14 January 2005 on the eve of Pongal with other releases like Ayya, Iyer IPS, Aayudham and Thirupaachi. Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "It is Bhoopathypandian's first directorial venture and he can be appreciated for trying out something out of the routine here. If only he had polished up the earlier scenes too!". Visual Dasan of Kalki praised Pandian's direction, the performances of Dhanush and Sridevi. Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, "Coherence is a casualty in [Devathaiyai Kanden] and so is tautness. The first half just languishes in light-hearted happenings that are anything but funny. It is in the last hour that the story gains some momentum".

 References 

 External links 
Devathaiyai Kanden at IMDb

Edhuvum Nadakkum
Edhuvum Nadakkum (English: Anything Can Happen) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by newcomer R. Rosario. The movie stars noted actor Karthik Kumar, but the rest of the cast is newcomers. The off-beat film was released to limited screens on 4 December 2009 garnering mixed reviews.

 Cast 
Karthik Kumar as Naga
Aparna Nair as Pooja
Suma as Swarna
Manu Ramalingam as Ramalingam

 Reception 
Kollywood Today wrote "As of with ‘Edhuvum Nadakkum’, the film has interesting elements. Nonetheless, mediocre promotions for the film will keep it from making it big. But if you're looking out for advice, go ahead and watch this film". Indian Express wrote "It’s an engagingly narrated tale of a disturbed mind exorcising its demons, and about a playful game gone awry. An eerie, bizarre feel is maintained throughout".

 References 

Don Chera
Don Chera is a 2006 Indian Tamil language action crime film directed by K. S. Saravanan. The film stars Ranjith and Sujibala, with Chandrasekhar, Meera Krishnan, S. Rajasekar, R. N. R. Manohar, Ilavarasu, and Velmurugan playing supporting roles. The film, produced by N. T. Sakthi Pandiyan, was released on 2 June 2006. It is a remake of the Hindi film Vaastav: The Reality (1999).

 Plot 
The jobless and carefree young man Cheran (Ranjith) lives with his parents Sundaram (Chandrasekhar) and Dhanalakshmi (Meera Krishnan) and his elder brother Ravi (Ramesh Maali). His father wants Cheran to find a job, and Cheran sets up a roadside street food business along with his friends. One day, an exchange with a customer escalates, and Cheran has to kill him to save his friend Kutty (Velmurugan). The killed customer turns out to be the brother of the rowdy Ezhumalai (V. K. R. Ragu).
Cheran and Kutty have no choice but to hide from the police, and they then meet Ezhumalai's archenemy "Royapuram" Bava (R. N. R. Manohar), who promises to offer them protection. Kamal Bhai (S. Rajasekar), a pious man who solves underworld crime issue, arranges a meeting between Cheran and Ezhumalai. During the meeting, Ezhumalai, who is full of rage, tries to kill Cheran, but Cheran takes a gun and shoots him dead. Bava then hires Cheran and Kutty as his henchmen. Cheran starts drinking alcohol, gets addicted to drugs, and spends his nights in a brothel, where he meets the young prostitute Geetha (Sujibala). Cheran slowly begins to rise in Bava's ranks. When Bava gets killed by his enemies, a vengeful Cheran kills them all. Cheran becomes the most dangerous don of Chennai, and he is now called Don Chera by his henchmen. In the meantime, Cheran and Geetha fall in love with each other, and they get married with the blessings of their parents.
Cheran then starts working for Home Minister Perumal (Ilavarasu), who orders him to kill innocent people. Thereafter, Geetha gives birth to a baby boy. Cheran's family advises him to leave the criminal underworld and surrender to the police, but he refuses. Perumal is soon under serious pressure from the public and government. They suspect him of employing Cheran. He orders the police to encounter Cheran. Perumal's henchmen and Kutty get killed in an encounter. Cheran, who is now on the run, must protect his family as they too are in danger. Kamal Bhai arranges a meeting between Cheran and Perumal; Cheran kills Perumal as he would spoil others' lives like his in the future. In the process, Kamal Bhai is killed by the police, and Cheran escapes from the place. Cheran returns to his home and asks his family to save him. Cheran, who could not sleep peacefully since he entered the criminal underworld, begs his mother to make him sleep, and Dhanalakshmi shoots him dead.
The film ends with the family fulfilling the annual rites of Cheran on the Chennai beach and with Dhanalakshmi explaining all that happened to her young grandson.

 Cast 

 Production 
K. S. Saravanan, who had worked with various directors, including Keyaar and Vikraman, made his directorial debut with Don Chera under the banner of Sivasankaralaya. Ranjith was selected to play the title role, while Sujibala was chosen to play his love interest. Sivamanoharan took in charge of cinematography while newcomer Prince G. who worked with Harris Jayaraj as his keyboard player, had taken care of the music and editing was done by R. T. Annadurai. Speaking about the film, the director said, "It is a movie certainly different from other films on gangsters. Not just the story and the script, but the making itself would be totally different from other films. The whole cast and crew have given their best".

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Prince  G.. The soundtrack features 5 tracks.

 Release 
Initially, the film had its release date fixed on 26 May 2006, but it was postponed to 2 June 2006 to avoid a clash with Selvaraghavan's gangster film Pudhupettai (2006).Balaji Balasubramaniam of bbthots.com called it a "weak remake of Sanjay Dutt's Vaastav" and wrote, "Ranjith overacts almost throughout [..] Susi Bala is introduced pretty late but is adequate in the few scenes where she is required to emote. Ilavarasu plays a villain for a change and manages to utter a few comments in his trademark style without letting his character lose its evil nature". Indiaglitz said, "From start to finish, this gangster movie has ripped off some scene from every other gangster movie. So there is little novelty ore novelty. The director's other major failing, it would seem, is in not wresting compelling performances from his cast. Leading with Ranjith, everyone hams outrageously and the film is left adrift for lack of feel". Another reviewer praised Ranjith's acting and gave the film a mixed review.

 References 

Eazhaiyin Sirippil
Eazhaiyin Sirippil (transl. When the Poor Smile) is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by K. Subhash and written by P. Kalaimani. The film stars Prabhu Deva, Roja, Kausalya, and Suvalakshmi, while Indu, Vivek, Nassar, and Ranjith play supporting roles. The music was composed by Deva with cinematography by Ilavarasu and editing by Laxmi Raju. The film was released on 4 February 2000.

 Plot 
Ganesh (Prabhu Deva) has the job of collecting travelers for the lone bus run by Padmavathi Bus Service in the town of Cuddalore. His high-energy people-gathering tactics are considered the reason for the crowds on the bus, and he earns commission for the same from the owner (Nassar) of the bus service. Though Ganesh earns quite enough, he does not buy new things and eats very late and little. No one knows why he is saving so much money. The bus owner was, a young cleaner at Venkatesa bus service, but he fell in love with the owner's daughter and eloped with her. Then after much hardships, he becomes the owner of four buses and very rich, in the same town, while his father in-law's bus company failing. He and his family still maintain no contact with the mother's family.
Ganesh is pursued by lottery ticket seller Saroja (Roja), who dreams of marrying him, though she receives no response from him. A final-year medical student named Kousalya (Kausalya), the daughter of Ganesh's boss, slowly falls for him after seeing his good-heartedness. 
Later, Kausalya visits a small suburban area colony for the vaccination campaign, where she is shocked when she sees Ganesh being accused by a mentally ill woman named Thulasi (Suvalakshmi), as being responsible for destroying her life and killing her brother.
Kausalya finds that three years ago, Thulasi's family moved to Cuddalore. However, Thulasi came two days later and was lost in the bus stand as her brother did not come to pick her up. Ganesh saw her and left in her in the area police station for safety at night. There, she is brutally raped by the Inspector. Thulasi berates Ganesh and comes home. She attempts suicide by poison; however, she is saved but loses her mental stability. Her brother, unable to bear her pain, commits suicide, leaving his pregnant wife.
Later, Ganesh saves enough money to treat her, and Thulasi is back to normal. 
One day, the bus owner's father-in-law falls very sick, and after much reluctance, he and his wife go to see him. The old man proposes a marriage between Kausalya and his other grandson, to which the bus owner says that he needs two days to decide. That evening, Kousalya is mistakenly locked in her class, and the owner beats Ganesh upon believing that the duo eloped. Though the owner apologizes, Ganesh is heartbroken.
Kausalya finds out that Ganesh has organized a marriage and rushes to save her love. She imagines whether Ganesh will marry her, Roja, or Thulasi. However, it is seen that the wedding is for Thulasi, and that Inspector has changed into a good man. When Thulasi's sister-in-law is unable to perform rites as she is a widow, Ganesh marries her, and then the duo performs the rites for Thulasi as brother and sister-in-law.
Later, the bus owner gifts Ganesh a brand new bus and tells him that he is also an owner, to which Ganesh replies that he is still a worker at heart.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Deva. The song "Karu Karu Karuppaayi" also features in the 2023 Tamil film Leo.

 Release 
Eazhaiyin Sirippil released on 4 February 2000. The film was later dubbed and released in Telugu as Kirayi Kittigaadu, financed by G, Aruna Kumari. The film was remade in Telugu as Navvuthu Bathakalira.
The Hindu wrote "If director Subaash's aim was to project Prabhu Deva as a versatile actor, he has succeeded... to a certain extent". Tamilstar wrote "Sudha Lakshmi Films 'Ezhayin Sirippil' gives a long overdue boost to Prabhudeva's morale as an actor. There is nothing flashy, no glittering costumes, no special effects and no dollops of violence. But lots of humour though some of it to please the front benchers. Prabhudeva's role is a departure from his usual ones and his comedy credentials in this film are quite impressive".Soon after the release of the film, Prabhu Deva and Roja worked on another film title Kalavum Katru Mara directed by Mohanji. Despite completing shoot, the film did not have a theatrical release.

 References 

 External links 
Eazhaiyin Sirippil at IMDb

Amudhae
Amudhae is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Ezhil, starring Jai Akash, Prakash Raj, Madhumitha, and Uma.

 Premise 
Nancy, who is in love with Dinakar, gets married to millionaire Victor. Dinakar later gets married to his cousin, Vinaya. How Nancy reunites with Dinakar forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
After Ezhil saw a special screening of Ramakrishna, he signed Jai Akash for his next film Amudhae. The film was to be produced by a thirty five person unit, which later became a twenty eight person unit.  Madhumitha was cast as the heroine. The film was shot in several locations in Kerala including Alappuzha, Munnar, Kuttanad, Chalakudy and Vazhachal.

 Soundtrack 
Newcomer Sunil Xavier, who worked as an assistant to S. A. Rajkumar, composed the music for the film.
"Anbe Adu Oru Kalam" – Unni Menon, Sujatha
"Enna Enna Nan Solla" – Swarnalatha
"Madura Jilla" – Manikka Vinayagam, Priya
"Pottu Thalluda" – Krishnaraj
"Valaya Kadu" – Karthik, Subha

 Release and reception 
A critic from Sify opined that "The film lacks technical finesse and offers little in the way of surprise", praised the performances of Raj, Madhumitha, and Uma while criticising Jai Akash's "wooden", emotionless performance. Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu opined that "Flashes of brilliance and food for thought the story offers — you could disagree with the logic or feasibility of the proposition tabled, but the point is, it is something different". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote that "If he [Ezhil] had worked on the screenplay better, etched his characters in a more convincing way, and had a tighter grip on his narration, it would have turned out to be a more engaging entertainer". Kalki called the film "above average".

 References 

 External links 
Amudhae at IMDb

Bheeshmar
Bheeshmar is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language crime film directed by actor Ranjith, making his directorial debut. The film stars Ranjith and Devayani, with Rami Reddy, Riyaz Khan, Anu Mohan, Ilavarasu, Vasu Vikram, Sadiq and Baby Prahasitha playing supporting roles. The film, produced by Ranjith's wife Priya Raman, had music by S. P. Venkatesh and was released on 27 September 2003.

 Plot 
Bheeshmar (Ranjith) is an honest and upright police officer. He is married to Gowri (Devayani), and they have a six-year-old girl named Pappathi (Baby Prahasitha). Bheeshmar is transferred to a new department which is filled with corrupt police officers. Soon, Bheeshmar clashes with policemen Aadhi (Ilavarasu) and Dhandapani (Vasu Vikram), Assistant Commissioner Singampuli (Sadiq), and the heartless politician R. K. (Rami Reddy). Later, Bheeshmar has been suspended for beating up Singampuli in court. Afterwards, the police arrested Bheeshmar for a crime he did not commit, and he is put in jail. Gowri sells her kidney for the advocate's expenses to release him. After that, Bheeshmar ends up fighting with rowdies while bringing the medicine for his wife. He is not able to make it at the right time, so his wife dies in the hospital. The unemployed Bheeshmar turns berserk and kills all of his enemies. He is again arrested and is brought by a police van. In the traffic signal, he sees his daughter begging for food. She tries to run towards his van, and meanwhile, an accident happens to her. Bheeshmar wakes up screaming with his daughter nearby; he realizes that it was a nightmare. At that point, he understands that the evil in the society is way more powerful than him. He then burns his police uniform and decides to start a new life with Pappathi.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by S. P. Venkatesh. The soundtrack, released in 2003, features 1 tracks with lyrics written by Snehan.

 Reception 

 Critical response 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu said "In the area of dialogue, he (Ranjith) scores. As a hero he fills the bill. It is in the other departments that he is found wanting". Sify wrote : " Ranjith has perpetuated so many stereotypes in this flick [...] The fatal flaw in the film is the screenplay, which is screeching and at times tries to be a third rate tearjerker" and said : "the censors have butchered the film and in most of the scenes dialogue cuts make the film jarring". Reviewer Balaji Balasubramaniam said "It is a credible first effort and credit goes to Ranjith for not resorting to unnecessary elements like romance or a comedy track to try to make the movie more entertaining. But ultimately, the movie turns out to be too predictable and violent to make an impression" and stated : "Ranjith the actor scores the most points when compared to the other responsibilities he has taken on". Entertainment portal Bizhat.com gave the film a negative review : "The honest police - goondas story in nothing new to Tamil audience. Having chosen this subject Ranjith could have taken more care in the narration. The screenplay lacks consistency". Visual Dasan of Kalki praised Ranjith for making a realistic police film instead of masala one and concluded saying in the midst of larger than life cop roles who speaks punch dialogues, Bheeshmar is an honorable police.

 Box office 
The film became a flop in the box office. Following the failure of the film, Ranjith was not able to produce his next own film because of the lack of fund. Ranjith then ventured to do a couple of character roles in Malayalam and Tamil films.

 References 

Anbudan
Anbudan (transl. With Love) is a 2000 Tamil language romantic drama film written and directed by T. Indrakumar and starring Arun Vijay (known at the time as Arunkumar) and Rambha.

 Plot 
Sathya (Arun Vijay) is a very good artist and is known for his art. He paints pictures and sells them on the road where he meets a lot of trouble, that's where he gets to know of Thilottamal over the phone. He starts searching for her, but to no use.
In between, Nimmi (Rambha) comes as a model and falls in love with Arun, but he declines it for Thilottamal. He even thinks Meena is as mentally disturbed as Thilottamal, but she is not.
Finally, Thilottamal writes a letter to Arun that she is going to die as she is so horrible to see and that she does not deserve his love. Arun runs all the way to the cremation ground to see her at least once, but by that time they have cremated her. Arun goes to the beach and sits with tears in his eyes.

 Cast 
Arunkumar as Sathya
Meena as Shanthi (Guest appearance)
Rambha as Nimmi
Charle as Sathya's friend
Dhamu as Sathya's friend
Vaiyapuri as Sathya's friend
Balaji as Sathya's friend
Vinu Chakravarthy as Police officer
Anandaraj as  Sathya's father
Fathima Babu as Sathya's mother
Madhan Bob as Press Reporter

 Production 
Meena agreed to do cameo appearance for this film out of gratitude for Vijayakumar's family who introduced her as child artist in Nenjangal.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by debutant Jai.
"Andha Suriyane" — Shankar Mahadevan, Mahalakshmi Iyer
"Oru Kadhal Devathai" — Hariharan
"Eve Tease" — Sukhwinder Singh
"Laila Laila" — Sukhwinder Singh
"Kamban Enge" — Shankar Mahadevan

 Reception 
A critic wrote that "This film also speaks about love without seeing. The suspense has been maintained from the start to the finish. But certain scenes, which are irrelevant to the main story line, cause us irritation. This is the film's shortcoming". Visual Dasan of Kalki called the film as good start for director Indrakumar but panned Annadurai's editing due to dragged scenes.

 References 

 External links 
Anbudan at IMDb

Aanai
Aanai (transl. Order) is a 2005 Indian Tamil language action drama film written and directed by Selva. It stars Arjun, Namitha and Keerthi Chawla in the lead, while Vadivelu, Sanghavi and Manoj K. Jayan play pivotal roles. D. Imman composed the soundtrack, while Shiva was the cinematographer for the venture which released in December 2005.
The film is a remake of the 2004 film Man on Fire, whose Hindi remake, Ek Ajnabee, was released a week later.

 Premise 
Vijay is an ex-police officer who is persuaded by his former boss to be the bodyguard of a millionaire's  8-year-old daughter named Priya. However, Priya gets kidnapped by a militant called Ahmed Khan in London, where Vijay sets out on a rampage to exact vengeance and save Priya.

 Cast 

 Production 
Selva, who had directed Arjun in Karnaa (1995) and the long delayed Manikanda (2006) was signed by Vasan Visual Ventures to work with him again. The actor signed on for a hiked price of one crore rupees, following the success of his previous film Giri. The unit had a 15-day shooting stint in Hyderabad in February 2005, with two of the lead actresses Namitha and Sanghavi involved in the shoot. The film featured a new editing technique tried by Satish and Harsha, while the team shot three songs with Arjun and Namitha in London, notably near the London Eye and Windsor Castle. Another song was shot with Arjun and Namitha at the Mohan Studio in Chennai, with the actor notably wearing four inch heels to make up for height difference with the actress.During the making of the film, allegations arose that Arjun had been sending lewd messages to Namitha, which led to a brief furore on sets.

 Release and reception 
The film had a brief delay in getting released due to the failure of the actor's previous film, Chinna, though the film finally released across Tamil Nadu in early December 2005. Sify wrote, "what could have been an edge-of-the-seat thriller ends up as a badly made mass-masala movie", concluding that the film is "disappointing".

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack album was composed by D. Imman.

 References 

 External links 
Aanai at IMDb

Ayya (2005 Tamil film)
Ayya (transl. Monsieur ) is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Hari, presented by K. Balachander and produced by Pushpa Kandasamy under banner Kavithalayaa Productions. The film stars Sarath Kumar in a dual role with Napoleon,  
Nayanthara and Prakash Raj in lead while Vadivelu, Lakshmi, Rohini, and Charle play the supporting roles. The music was composed by Bharadwaj. Ayya released on 14 January 2005 coinciding Pongal and turned out to be a critical and commercial success

 Plot 
The movie starts during the times of Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, where there is a heavy drought in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu. Ayyadurai and Madasamy are close friends and landlords of different castes presumably from the Mukkulathor and Nadar communities respectively in Tenkasi town in Tirunelveli district, and they try hard to help people and save them from dying during the drought. The Tenkasi's MLA, also a relative of Madasamy, smuggles rice given by the Government of Tamil Nadu, and people protest upon knowing about this. The MLA denies knowing anything about the sanctioned rice. That night, he starts to smuggle the rice via Karaiyar instead of the usual route via Sengottai, but the lorries are waylaid and ransacked by the people led by Madasamy. The MLA comes there and starts shooting towards people's legs and back. Ayyadurai sees the MLA aiming for Madasamy's head and pushes him. Then, Ayyadurai beats the MLA using the hilt of the gun, following which he dies. The local people support Ayyadurai and save him from police and also urge him to contest in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly by-elections.
Now the movie comes to the present i.e., in the year 2004, where Ayyadurai has been the unopposed MLA of Tenkasi for more than 35 years. He returns from Chennai, the state capital of Tamil Nadu on the Pothigai Superfast Express, after resigning his post because the state department did not sanction his request to renovate the lakes in his constituency. He is welcomed by the people along with his son Chelladurai and friend Madasamy in Tenkasi Junction railway station. His son Chelladurai, a civil engineer, runs their business and helps his father for the people's welfare.  Selvi is Madasamy's teenage daughter who deliberately fails her 12th standard exam as she loves Chelladurai and wants to marry him. Meanwhile, Karuppusamy is the son of the MLA killed by Ayyadurai and wants to take revenge by either defeating or killing Ayyadurai. He has contested thrice against Ayyadurai in the past decade, with no avail. He has made around 20 attempts on Ayyadurai's life without any success. Meanwhile, Selvi proposes her love to Chelladurai, but he does not accept, saying that it might result in clashes between their families, as they both belong to different castes. Also, there comes a flashback where it is shown that a few years back, Chelladurai's arranged marriage got cancelled the night before the wedding as the bride Malavika had eloped with her lover, which makes Chelladurai feel embarrassed. Because of this, he prefers to stay unmarried.
Selvi, after failing her exams, informs about her love to both families, and after much deliberation due to varying caste, they decide to get them married. Now, Karuppusamy (being a second cousin of Madasamy) plays tricks to separate both Ayyadurai and Madasamy. He sends police on the day of marriage, saying that Selvi is still a minor and that it is illegal to get her married before 18 years of age. Ayyadurai accepts that and informs Madasamy to postpone the wedding. This angers Madasamy, and he believes that the police were sent only by Ayyadurai to cancel the marriage, as both of them belonged to different castes. The policeman also confirms Madasamy's suspicion, and the 4 generation friendship is broken off . Karuppusamy uses this opportunity to get close to Madasamy, and makes him the witness for the murder of his father a few years back by Ayyadurai. The police arrest Ayyadurai. The general election dates are announced in the state. The ruling party again gives a chance for Karuppusamy to contest, giving him an ultimatum to win. Ayyadurai cannot contest due to the murder case, and hence, he nominates an unwilling Chelladurai in his stead. Karuppusamy plans to murder Madasamy and blame Chelladurai for that so that Karuppusamy can get both caste votes and win the election. However, before that, Chelladurai saves Madasamy, though he later gives his signed withdrawal form to Karuppusamy and says that he let him become the unopposed MLA, as he is also a good-natured man, and his anger is only on Ayyadurai and not on the people of the town. Karuppusamy realizes his mistake and apologizes to Ayyadurai and Chelladurai for all his criminal activities. However, Ayyadurai prefers to stay in prison as he still feels guilty for murdering Karuppusamy's father years ago. Karuppusamy becomes the MLA, and Chelladurai and Selvi marry to unify the families.

 Cast 

 Production 
Hari decided to work with Bharadwaj in this movie after collaborating with Harris Jayaraj on his previous three films continuously.
Navya Nair was initially cast in the film, before being replaced by Nayanthara, marking her Tamil film debut.

 Soundtrack 
The songs and background score were done by Bharadwaj in his second collaboration with director Hari after Thamizh. Lyrics written by Pa. Vijay, Na. Muthukumar, and Snehan. The song "Oru Vaarthai" was used in the 2006 Taiwanese film I Don't Want to Sleep Alone, as well as the official trailer for it.

 Release and reception 
The film's theatrical and satellite rights were sold to Ravichandran's Oscar Films for ₹7.25 crore at a table profit of ₹2.25 crore. Ayyaa was released on 14 January 2005 on Pongal festival alongside films like Thirupaachi, Aayudham and Devathaiyai Kanden.
The film received positive reviews from critics. Nowrunning.com gave 3/5, saying, "Another splendid performance from Sarath Kumar. His Pongal release "Ayya" has the right dose of emotions, drama and action. Hari, the director, played precisely by giving Sarath a memorable role". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "'Ayya' is an emotion-packed family drama worth watching." Behindwoods wrote "The director has presented the story with no villains, vulgarity, and crude commercial elements. Eventhough these types of films have come already, Hari’s screen play is what makes this film totally different from the others. Here only, the talent of a good director like Hari comes into light.". Visual Dasan of Kalki wrote even within the commercial formula, Ayya makes the mind heavy with high ambitions.

 References 

 External links 
Ayya at IMDb

Aayudham Seivom
Aayudham Seivom is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by Udhayan and produced by Pyramid Saimira. The film stars Sundar C and Anjali, while Vivek, Manivannan, Napoleon, and Vijayakumar play supporting roles. The music was composed by Srikanth Deva with cinematography by K. S. Selvaraj and editing by. Mu. Kasi Vishwanathan. The film released on 27 June 2008.Veteran actor Vijayan was supposed to play in this movie, but died.

 Plot 
Saidai Sathya (Sundar C) is a mechanic who has little respect for the law. He parks his car in the middle of the road and creates trouble for other vehicles. A traffic policeman named Kandasamy (Vivek) ignores that violation because he is a close friend of Sathya. A social activist and lawyer, Udhayamoorthy (Vijayakumar), drags both of them to court for obstructing traffic and causing a nuisance. The court finds them guilty, but instead of sentencing them, the court sends them to the Madurai Gandhi Museum for help, where they meet a college student named Meenakshi (Anjali).
After Sathya is discharged, he starts a job as a henchman. VBR (Manivannan), a villainous former minister, sends Sathya to steal a confidential file containing vital evidence on the death of collector Leelavathi (Sukanya) at Udayamoorthy's place. While Sathya is stealing the file, Udayamoorthy dies by being pierced by a steel rod. While dying, Udayamoorthy blesses Sathya by saying "Vazhga Valamudan" (Long Live). These last words haunt Sathya, and filled with remorse, he vows to carry on Udayamoorthy's good work. Sathya gathers evidence to expose VBR, whom he discovers is Leelavathi's murderer. VBR's goons burn the documents to destroy the evidence. Sathya continues with his task of exposing VBR and adopts Gandhian principles of nonviolence and peace (satyagraha).
Ezhumalai (Napoleon), an Assistant Commissioner of Police, vows to avenge the death of his brother Udhayamoorthy. He thinks that Sathya killed him, although he later finds out that he did not. Sathya sits near the Gandhi statue and follows his examples of nonviolence, confident that VBR will be arrested. As he is sitting, many civilians and police order him to leave, though he does not budge. They later follow suit and sit in front of the statue. At one point, however, Sathya gets shot. Meanwhile, many protesters start to rebel against VBR. After being beat up by protesters and almost left for dead, VBR surrenders himself to the police. The film ends with Sathya surviving his shot and getting the justice.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Srikanth Deva and lyrics written by Pa. Vijay, Snehan and Udhayan.

 Critical reception 
Behindwoods wrote "Although Aayudham Seivom only has the ingredients of a commercial potboiler – fights, an item number, a little more than below-average script, and a comedy track – what makes it stand a little apart is the basic idea of its plot." Sify wrote "Like all Sundar C films, this one is also strictly aimed at the B & C audiences. It could have been far better if Udhayan had tried to explore the unknown instead of going through the same beaten track".

 References 

Achchamundu! Achchamundu!
Achchamundu! Achchamundu! (transl. There is fear! There is fear!) is a 2009 Indian-American Tamil language social thriller directed by Arun Vaidyanathan, starring Prasanna, Emmy Award–winning American actor John Shea and Sneha. It is the first film in Indian cinema to be shot with the Red One camera system. The music was composed by Karthik Raja with cinematography by Chris Freilich. The film was released on 17 July 2009 worldwide.

 Plot 
Senthil Kumar (Prasanna) and Malini (Sneha) are a happily married couple in New Jersey, living life like any other born-in-India, arrived-in-the-US couple do. Senthil submerges himself in the office and eats sambar rice at home, and Malini never misses a bhajan at the temple and shops at Indian stores. They have a 10-year-old daughter Rithika (Akshaya Dinesh), the apple of their eyes (their car's license plate carries the name of their daughter).
The family has just settled down in a new, spacious home about which Malini, understandably, has fears. The couple squabbles amicably about everything from Malini's perpetual laundry and cooking; while Senthil argues with friends about the significance of viboothi and takes his family on weekend trips and birthday parties. It is a normal, happy life in the US until Robertson (John Shea) arrives, to paint the basement. Now, things are never the same at home again.
Robertson's unusually kind behavior towards children sets off warning bells in your head, especially when he is shown to be a pedophile who exercises like mad within the confines of his home, always moving on towards his next target. How the couple saves their child forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 
Prasanna as Senthil Kumar
John Shea as Robertson
Sneha as Malini
Akshaya Dinesh as Rithika

 Production 

 Title 
The film's title is the inverse of the phrase "Achamillai Achamillai" coined by poet Subramania Bharati, and later used as the title of a 1984 film directed by K. Balachander.

 Filming 
The film was made in 28 days on a budget of ₹3.25 crore (worth ₹11 crore in 2021 prices). For the first time in Indian cinema, Red One camera was used for filming. The film was shot in New Jersey and New York during early 2008. Color correction and sound mixing were done in Los Angeles.

 Release 
The movie was released on 17 July 2009 in Tamil Nadu and select markets in the United States.

 Reception 
The film was officially selected for screening at the 12th Shanghai International Film Festival (under the International Panorama category), the Digital Cinema Film Festival in Japan, the Cairo International Film Festival, the International Film Festival of India in Goa, and the Chennai International Film Festival.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Karthik Raja.

 Reception 
Rediff wrote "For the guts in coming up with a unique, important theme that needs to be addressed sensitively, this movie works. A must-watch". Behindwoods wrote "Although the theme of child abuse is a serious issue and has the potency to take on a different shade with even the slightest skew, Arun Vaidhyanathan has done a tightrope walking commendably with absolutely no shades of vulgarity or impropriety. Kudos for tackling such a sensitive subject with a lot of sensibility and acumen!". The Times of India wrote "The average Indian may shy away from paedophilia, but director Vaidyanathan makes a compelling case to watch this film. Subtlety is the byword here rather than gory, knife-edge moments. The approach makes a deeper impression than a dramatic one could have." A critic from Deccan Herald opined that "Despite its shortcomings, ‘Achamundu Achamundu’ deserves a dekko".

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 
Official Website
Director's Blog
Achchamundu! Achchamundu! at IMDb 
Chennai International Film Festival.
The Seoul Times review

Chanakya (2005 film)
Chanakya is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language comedy drama film directed by A. Venkatesh and produced by Vishwas Sundar. It stars R. Sarathkumar, Namitha, Laya and Vadivelu. The music was composed by Srikanth Deva with cinematography by Madhu Ambat and editing by V. T. Vijayan. The film released on 23 September 2005 to average reviews and became average at box office.

 Plot 
Ganesh is an auto driver and kind-hearted man who goes out of his way to earn money to help the poor and the needy. He likes to be in the limelight. Knowing well that the media would sensationalize anything that has to do with popular people in the city, he kidnaps a businessman, and in another instance, he implicates and submits himself to the police for a murder of an MLA that he does not commit. While he draws maximum publicity in the media, he creates a miserable life for the police. By his repeated pranks, Ganesh establishes himself as a person crazy only for publicity. People begin to call him "Publicity" Ganesh.
Devanayaki owns a restaurant, and several autos run in her name in the local area. She is head over heels in love with Ganesh and goes about wooing him. In most of her screen time, she is singing and dancing with Ganesh. Meanwhile, Anjali approaches Ganesh to act in her ad films in return for handsome money, but she is actually an undercover agent investigating Ganesh's past.
Ganesh has a sorrow past. His past life and the reason for his current deeds are told in a flashback. Ganesh's father is an upright person who works as a clerk in a collectorate in a coastal village. A natural disaster strikes that area, and leaves many homeless in its wake. To ameliorate their problems, the government allocates Rs. 20 crore to help the affected people rehabilitate. Unfortunately, the local assistant collector, the local MLA, and the local SP together form a trio and forget the grant, even while pretending to protect the best interest of the people. Ganesh's father learns of the trio's involvement in the heist and vows to expose them to the public, but the "representatives of authority" frame false charges and deceitfully turn the public outrage against Ganesh's father. In a melee, Ganesh's family is burnt alive. Ganesh escapes to the city, and avenges the death of his family.
Ganesh then orchestrates the killing of the shenanigans.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Srikanth Deva.

 Critical reception 
Indiaglitz wrote "Though it is a beaten to blue theme, the rapid narration by Venkatesh makes the movie engrossing". Sify wrote "For those seeking masala entertainment, Chanakya is worth the price of ticket money".

 References 

 External links 
Chanakya at IMDb

Enakku 20 Unakku 18
Enakku 20 Unakku 18 (transl. I am 20, you are 18) is a 2003 Indian sports romantic drama film written and directed by Jyothi Krishna. The film stars Tarun, Trisha, and Shriya Saran. It was filmed simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu languages with the latter titled Nee Manasu Naaku Telusu (transl. I know your heart) with Sunil and Tanikella Bharani replacing  Vivek and Manivannan respectively. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by A. R. Rahman. This film marks the Telugu debut of Trisha and the Tamil debut of Shriya Saran. The film had an average run at the box office. The soundtrack of the film gained a big popularity among the youth audience.

 Plot 
Sridhar is a final year management degree student and gets selected for post grad studies in United States. He goes to Mumbai for an interview and in his return by train, finds Preeti and loses his heart to her. Sridhar learns that Preeti is about to join in an und
ad degree in the second year and Preeti learns that he is a final year degree student. Sridhar is an ardent cricket fan, so is Preeti, while Sridhar is also a good football player. Unfortunately, both leave without revealing any details. Preeti is moving to town, as her brother Kumar is an IPS officer who has been transferred from Bombay on special deputation. Preeti's family move to the house on the street adjacent to Sridhar's. Sridhar's elder brother-in-law was a Government civil engineer, who has been in prison on false corruption charges, for a collapsed bridge.
The principal of Sridar's college appoints a student-cum-coach called Reshma, for the football team led by Sridhar. Sridhar tries his best to trace Preeti by visiting several women's colleges, while Preeti also watches for Sridhar at the men's college. Accidentally, Preeti helps Sridhar's mother, when she has a heart attack. In order to find Preeti at any cost, Sridhar goes to the LB Stadium, where a cricket match is in progress and gets injuries in a bomb blast in the stadium. Just before the blast, both Preeti and Sridhar find each other but could not meet due to the blast.
Later Preeti's parents convince her to agree for a marriage and tell her to forget about the boy she was searching. At the same time, Sridhar's mother also tells him to concentrate on studies and go abroad to complete his studies. At this juncture, Sridhar learns that Preeti was staying just behind his house, when her parents come to his house to inform that she is getting married. Sridhar's gang participates in an inter-college football match and wins the cup.Sridhar's mother suffers yet another heart attack and Preeti's father admits her in the hospital. Then they come to know that Sridhar's brother-in-law was behind bars for no fault of his. Preeti learns about Sridhar's brother-in-law and asks her brother to help. Kumar and his men raid the godowns of the contractor involved, and find waste quality materials in his stock. This saves Sridhar's brother-in-law and he is released. Meanwhile, Sridhar's mother passes away. Later Sridhar's brother-in-law is posted to another city and he leaves with his wife and son. Sridhar feels lonely so, he decides to emigrate. He departs suddenly without informing his friends.
Three years later, Sridhar and Preeti meet at same train, while Preeti is coming with her new born nephew, Sridhar is going home with his friend Priyanka. Priyanka reveals to Preeti that she is trying to get Sridhar to marry her. Sridhar gets down to fetch water, and misses the train. But he finds Preeti waiting and they reveal their love to one another, and become a couple.

 Cast 

 Production 
Trisha had signed the film before any of her other films had released in 2001. For one song,  260 shots were taken and picturised at 90 locations in Chennai and Hyderabad. One song was picturised in Venice.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by A. R. Rahman. Lyrics were written by Pa. Vijay for the Tamil version. The same set of vocalists were used for both versions, except for two songs.  S. P. B. Charan and Venkat Prabhu were replaced by Mano and Unnikrishnan in the Telugu version of the song "Oru Nanban Irundhal". Srinivas was replaced by Sriram Parthasarathy in the Telugu version of the song "Asathura".

Tamil SoundtrackThe soundtrack features 6 songs composed by A. R. Rahman.

Telugu Soundtrack

 Reception 

 Tamil version 
A critic from The Hindu wrote that "certain scenes have appreciable depth while some are downright superficial and predictable", and that the film was "absorbing in parts, spontaneous in spurts, natural at times and clichéd now and then". Karthiga Rukmanykanthan of the Sri Lankan newspaper Daily News labelled it as "strictly for youth" and a "perfect choice". A critic from Chennai Online wrote that " ‘U 20 me 18’ is one more on the list of nearly a handful of such films released recently. But to debutant Jothi kirshna’s credit (its his home production) it should be mentioned that he’s begun the film nearly two years back, much before the rest of them got down to it".

 Telugu version 
Jeevi of Idlebrain.com wrote that "This film is titled as 'Nee Manasu Naaku Telusu'. But contrary to it, the lovers fail to read what is there in the other heart's when they meet each other for second time". A critic from Sify wrote that "The campus scenes in the first half are lewd with double meaning dialogues which are sure to make the family audience squirm in their seats. A.R Rahman’s peppy music has not been utilised by the director who has simply copied Shankar’s picturisation (Jeans, Boys). On the whole Jothi Krishna has to learn the basics of filmmaking before he attempts his second film!"

 References 

 External links 
Enakku 20 Unakku 18 at IMDb

Balam (2009 film)
Balam (transl. Strength) is a 2009 Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by Murali Krishna. The film stars Arvind Vinod and Deepa Chari, while Suhasini and Rahman appear in further supporting roles. Featuring music composed by Yugendran, the film was released on 25 December 2009.

 Cast 

 Production 
Director  Murali Krishna launched Arvind Vinod, a VJ on Sun Music, as the lead actor in the film. Likewise, model Deepa Chari from Mumbai was cast as the heroine for her first Tamil venture.

 Release 
A reviewer from Rediff.com stated it was "movies like C J Reddy Enterprises' Balam, directed by Muralikrishna, make you realise how a film with an experienced cast can go haywire, thanks to a few silly elements that simply take away the joy of story-telling". The reviewer added "what's even more puzzling is what veteran actors like Rahman and Suhasini are doing in a film where there's no scope to flex even a little finger, let alone acting muscles". The film had a low key opening at the Tamil box office and did not perform well commercially.

 References 

Anbe Un Vasam
Anbe Un Vasam (transl. Dear, your residence) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by R. Balu. The film stars newcomer Ashwin, Rathi Arumugam and newcomer Yogan, with Karunas, Raghuvaran, Meera Krishnan, Pallavi, Vinu Chakravarthy, Pandu, Madhan Bob, and Manobala, among others, playing supporting roles. It was released on 5 December 2003.

 Plot 
Ashwin (Ashwin), who is from Ooty, moves to Chennai to join college in the final year. After a not-so-pleasant initial meeting, Ashwin slowly falls in love with his college mate Bharathi (Rathi Arumugam). She later understands his true love and reciprocates. After completing their studies, they meet in a temple. Ashwin fears that they might get separated and asks Bharathi to marry him right away at the registrar office, but Bharathi, who is a practical girl, has other plans. She wants Ashwin to find a job, and then she would marry him with the consent of her family. Ashwin cannot trust her since he had witnessed many lovers getting separated during their college year. An offended Bharathi scolds him for his lack of trust in her and runs away in hurt and anger. Ashwin goes back to Ooty, while Bharathi and her family relocate to Coimbatore.
Two years later, at the alumni reunion, Ashwin meets his old friends and Bharathi along with Ashok (Yogan), a family friend. Ashok tells Ashwin that he will soon marry Bharathi. Later that evening, Bharathi said to Ashwin that she was not aware of it. She then swears that she will definitely marry him and apologizes to him for running away that day. When she came home, her parents reveal that they have found a groom for her: Ashok. She convinces her parents about their marriage. Thereafter, Ashwin finds a government job in Coonoor. Ashwin and Bharathi then desperately try to contact each other; thus, Bharathi decides to go to his workplace. When she arrives at Coonoor, heavy rain was occurring over the hills, and it triggered landslides that swept aside everything in its path. Ashwin's office collapsed in front of Bharathi; in shock, she passed out. Many hours later, the rescue personnel found Bharathi and Ashwin. Ashwin survived, whereas Bharathi died of her wounds.

 Cast 

 Production 
R. Balu who directed romantic films such as Kaalamellam Kadhal Vaazhga (1997) and Unnudan (1998) launched the new face Ashwin as the hero in Anbe Un Vasam. Before coming to films, Ashwin had learnt filmy dance and stunt apart from taking up the acting course from Film Institute. Rathi Arumugam signed to play the female lead role while the producer's son was introduced as a second hero. Dhina was signed on to compose the film's soundtrack and Abdul Rahman's was chosen to handle the camera. Two songs were picturised in Mauritius and the film producer stated, "We were given full police protection from Mauritius Government and also The Film Development Corporation of Mauritius were very helpful".

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Dhina.

 Reception 
Balaji Balasubramaniam of bbthots.com wrote, "Badly defined characters behaving in impractical ways, ridiculous situations and a silly, miscalculated ending are just some of the things wrong here". Another reviewer criticized the film's plot holes and the poor acting of Ashwin and he added that the only saving grace of the film was Rathi.

 References 

 External links 
Anbe Un Vasam at IMDb

Adavadi
Adavadi is a 2007 Tamil language psychological thriller film directed by V. S. Bharath Hanna. The film stars Sathyaraj and Radha alongside an ensemble cast including Y. Gee. Mahendra, Sathyapriya, K. R. Vatsala, Vaiyapuri, Suja Varunee, Ganja Karuppu, and Malaysia Vasudevan. It was released on 30 March 2007. The film is a remake of the 1998 Kannada film A.

 Plot 
Bharath (Sathyaraj) is a perfectionist film director. Being a short-tempered person, he deals with people with arrogance and disrespectfulness. Chandini (Radha), a debut-making actress, falls in love with Bharath. When Chandini openly declares her love for Bharath in front of everyone, he gets angry and slaps her. Since that, Chandini gets away from him and latches on to a financier. Bharath cannot forget her and takes to drinking. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
After the commercially successful film Adi Thadi (2004), director Shivaraj (who has changed his name to Bharath Hanna) and Sathyaraj team up for the second time. Radha of Sundhara Travels fame was selected to play lead actress, while Deva was signed on as music composer.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Deva. The soundtrack, released on 12 January 2007, features 4 tracks with lyrics written by Snehan, Piraisoodan and Senthilkumar.Deva retained two songs from original version which are composed by Gurukiran. "Idhu One Day" retained as "Idhu One Day" and "Sum Sumne" retained as "En Anbea".

 Reception 
The film received mostly negative reviews. Settu Shankar of OneIndia described the film as a needless confusion. While KLT of hindu.com criticized the outmoded plot and treatment.

 References 

Arai En 305-il Kadavul
Arai En 305-il Kadavul (transl. God in Room No. 305) is a 2008 Tamil-language fantasy comedy film directed by Chimbu Deven, who earlier directed Imsai Arasan 23rd Pulikecei, starring Vadivelu. A remake of the 2003 Hollywood film Bruce Almighty, the film stars Prakash Raj, Santhanam alongside Ganja Karuppu, Jyothirmayi, and Madhumitha. An ensemble supporting cast including Sampath Raj, Madhan Bob, Rajesh, M. S. Bhaskar, Periyar Dasan, and Ilavarasu appears in supporting roles.
The movie is produced by Shankar's S Pictures. The music of the film was composed by Vidyasagar with cinematography by Soundarrajan and editing by Sasi Kumar.
The storyline of the film was that the whole universe is a computer simulation controlled by a supercomputer and God is the one who has access to it. Upon the film's release on 18 April 2008, it received mixed reviews, along  Santhanam's acting was praised by the critics. The film has also been dubbed in Telugu with the titie Gadi No.305 Lo Devudu.

 Plot 
Raasu (Santhanam) and Mokkai (Ganja Karuppu) are youngsters sharing a hostel with a diverse group of people. Those people include Professor Mani (Madhan Bob), a staunch atheist named Thanjai Rudran (Rajesh), a poet, and other unemployed, struggling men. Raasu, who works in a coffee shop, is in love with Mahishasuramardhini (Madhumitha), but she seemingly ignores all his advances. Raasu was even attacked by her brother after hanging around her house for extended periods of time. Mokkai, who is unemployed due to his lack of education and does whatever job that he can find, dreams of marrying his uncle's daughter (cousin) back in his village.
After a particularly bad day where Mokkai is arrested and beaten by female police officers and Raasu's lies of being in a well-paid job are uncovered (to Mahishasuramardhini's disgust), the two are also kicked out of the hostel by the owner due to the inability to pay rent. On their last night, both vent their frustration at Kadavul (God) after heavy drinking. Both are shocked when Kadavul (Prakash Raj) appears in front of them. Mistaking Him for another unemployed fellow, the two head back to their hostel room only to find Him waiting for them in it, waving aside this miracle, all three fall asleep. The next morning, Kadavul finally manages to convince Raasu and Mokkai of His true identity after appearing in the forms of Vishnu, Jesus, and Buddha.
Armed with a "galaxy box" (access to a supercomputer) that is the source of His power, Kadavul makes a deal with Raasu and Mokkai. He will spend time with the two (under the name of Arnold and the identity of both Raasu and Mokkai's uncle), observing their day-to-day routines while advising them in the process, to see whether it is truly His fault for their poor standard of living, or their own. Arnold also manages to persuade the hostel owner to extend Raasu and Mokkai's stay for a week, while their bet is undertaken.
During the allotted time, both Raasu and Mokkai learn a great deal through Arnold's own actions and His teachings. In the meantime, Wellesley Prabhu (Ilavarasu), another hostel inhabitant, accidentally discovers "Arnold's" true identity, but is persuaded to keep silent. However, Arnold is in for a shock when on His last night with them, Raasu and Mokkai steal His "galaxy box" and use it to improve their lives. To Prabhu's despair, the true God is forced to lead an ordinary (yet underprivileged) life in the hostel. Raasu and Mokkai meanwhile find that their families, despite their gifts, remain highly suspicious of their wealth and ungrateful as well. They then start to use the box to inflict suffering on their past employers and those who refused to give them jobs. Ultimately, Raasu is once again rejected by Mahishasuramardhini, who turns out to be a prostitute, and throws the box into a bin in shock. Prabhu later recovers the box and hands it back over to Arnold. Although forgiven, Raasu and Mokkai feel deep regret for their actions and promise to turn their lives around, which they duly do. Both of them become successful people in later life, along with Prabhu and various other characters.
A few years later, Arnold once again comes to the same room, to help another group of youngsters staying there and lamenting their current situation. This time, Arnold keeps His "galaxy box" bound in chains in His pocket to make sure that it is not stolen or misused like before. Arnold smiles at the camera as the film ends.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music of the movie has been composed by Vidyasagar.

 Production 
The film was shot in 82 days. A dedicated team visited nearly 800 bachelor mansions around Chennai before shortlisting on the one for the final shoot. Apart from Chennai, the crew also shot in Ambasamutharam, Achan Kovil in Kerala.

 Reception 
The film received mixed reviews from critics; Rediff wrote "Yes, it's chock-full of comedy. But it makes you think, as well. A must-watch". Sify stated that it "is too melodramatic, mushy and slow, needs urgent trimming. Let us hope that Chimbudevan gets a better script where he will play to his strengths, next time around." Behindwoods wrote "Simbudevan seems to have begun making an attempt to classify the movie - either into a children’s movie or a full-length all-class comedy entertainer- and then given up in the end, leaving his comedy with an identity crisis."

 References 

 External links 
Arai En 305-il Kadavul at IMDb

Andipatti Arasampatti
Andipatti Arasampatti is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language comedy film directed by Dananjaya. The film stars Pandiarajan and Mansoor Ali Khan. It was released on 4 November 2002. The film is loosely based on the 1989 American film See No Evil, Hear No Evil which was also the inspiration for Hindi movies Hum Hain Kamaal Ke and Pyare Mohan , Marathi movie Eka Peksha Ek and Kannada movies Akka Pakka and Baduku Jataka Bandi.

 Plot 
Andipatti, a blind man, and Arasampatti, a deaf man, become friends. Their misadventures as they get caught in a smuggling operation and a murder. Chased by a bungling police duo, and hounded by the anti-social elements who believe the heroes have their priceless Anthrax with which they had planned to destroy the state's population, it is about how Andipatti and Arasampatti extricate themselves from the situation they had inadvertently landed themselves in.

 Cast 
Pandiarajan as Andipatti
Mansoor Ali Khan as Arasampatti
Vilasini
Manorama as Andipatti's mother
Kumarimuthu as  Arasampatti's father
Senthil
Alex as Walter Pichamuthu
R. Ramadas
Ragunath

 Production 
Actress Jayarahini changed her stagename to Vilasini to feature in the film. Alongside her commitments for Andipatti Arasampatti, she simultaneously worked on two shelved films Sirppam and Ladies and Gentleman co-starring Livingston.

 Soundtrack 
the soundtrack was composed by Rock Rownder and the film score by S. P. Venkatesh. The soundtrack, released in 2002, features 6 tracks with lyrics written by Rock Rownder.

 Reception 
Chennai Online wrote "Juvenile in its scripting and its takings, it would do better for the makers to publicise it as a children's film, and target it at the little ones in the audience!".

 References 

Aarumaname
Aarumaname is a 2009 Tamil language action drama film directed by Sudheesh Sankar. The film stars Deepak, Nicole and Karthika Mathew, with Ganja Karuppu, Sudheer Sukumaran, Rajesh, Ponvannan, Sriman and Anand playing supporting roles. It was released on 31 July 2009.

 Plot 
The film begins with Vaithi (Deepak) running to save his elder brother Moorthy  (Sriman) from the goons. Upon his arrival, Moorthy is seriously wounded and covered with blood.
Vaithi lived with his father, Arunachalam (Rajesh), a retired teacher, his mother, and his brother Moorthy. Moorthy was a successful CPWD engineer and the pride of Arunachalam, while Vaithi was a kind-hearted auto-driver and was hated by Arunachalam. Moorthy, being an incorruptible engineer, attracted the anger of Ratnavel (Sudheer Sukumaran) and Rajadurai (Ponvannan), who were constantly trying to bribe him to get his approval for a project. In the meantime, Vaithi and Anandhi (Nicole), sister of Ratnavel and Rajadurai, fell in love with each other. The circumstances forced Moorthy to get married with Thenmozhi (Mythili), but he didn't like her.
Back to the present, Moorthy dies in the arms of Vaithi, but before dying, he pronounces the name Kadambari. Vaithi suspects Ratnavel and Rajadurai for killing his brother. A few days later, a woman (Karthika Mathew) with a baby introduces to Vaithi as Kadambari and reveals that she was Moorthy's secret wife. By pity, Vaithi accommodates them in Moorthy's outhouse. The whole village talks ill about Kadambari and Vaithi's relationship, but Vaithi keeps the secret and takes the insults of the village. Vaithi is now disowned by his father, Arunachalam, and his girlfriend has broken up with him. One day, Periyasamy (Ganja Karuppu), who witnessed his brother's murder, reveals that the killer was Kadambari's brother Boopathy (Anand), a criminal. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Srikanth Deva. The soundtrack, released in 2009, features 6 tracks with lyrics written by Snehan, Kabilan and Dr. Kruthiya.

 Reception 
The film received mainly negative reviews with a critic stating, "Aaru Maname is a film that would make at least make it successful if ‘Theatre Projector operator’ lays his hands on the reel" but added that, "Karthika is the only solace to all the audiences". Behindwoods.com wrote, "Aaru Maname is a poorly mixed cocktail concoction that gives you an instant hangover followed by other mental complications upon consumption" and rated it 1 out of 5 stars. While another critic rated it 3 out of 5 stars and said, "Though the film had its own share of flaws, overall it has been a good attempt by the debutante team".

 References 

 External links 
Aarumaname at IMDb

Aalwar
Aalwar () is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language action drama film directed by Chella Ayyavu in his directoral debut and produced by Mohan Natarajan. The film stars Ajith Kumar and Asin in the lead roles. Vivek, Keerthi Chawla, Lal, Shwetha Bandekar and Aditya Srivastava appear in other pivotal roles. The film's score and soundtrack is by Srikanth Deva while the cinematography was by G. Ramesh. The film released on 12 January 2007 to highly negative reviews and became a commercial failure.

 Plot 
Aalwar is a Hindu priest in Madurai and he is devoted to his mother and sister. But Punniyamoorthy and his brothers, the heir of the Temple where Aalwar works as priest, kill Aalwar's sister and mother due to an old dispute with Aalwar. Aalwar, with revenge ringing in his mind, ends up as a killer, even while working as a ward boy in a hospital. He rechristens himself as Mortuary Shiva and is out to make a statement against the venal forces. He sees himself as some kind of avatar. In fact, he bumps off the baddies under the getup of Lord Rama and Lord Krishna. In the climax, Shiva turns up as Lord Narasimha and bumps off the last villain by placing him on his thighs and ripping apart his bowels and chest with his sharp claws. He successfully escapes from the police of Chennai and continues his process of "Dharma".

 Cast 

 Production 
Ajith teamed up with a debutant Chella for a film to be produced by Mohan Natarajan. Chella had previously worked as an associate to S. J. Suryah. The film held its photo session on 20 July 2006 with Asin being selected once again while Ramesh G was chosen as cinematographer. The film began at the Ramoji Rao Studios in Hyderabad in August 2006, with ajith putting on weight for the film. A couple of songs were filmed in Switzerland as the film geared up for a Pongal release. Shalini, Ajith's wife, was the costume designer for Ajith in the film.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Srikanth Deva.

 Release 
The film opened on 12 January 2007 along with Vijay's blockbuster hit Pokkiri and Vishal's Thaamirabharani and received highly negative reviews from critics, with Sify.com  praising Ajith and Asin's performances but criticized the plot of the movie by labelling it as  a "built on a predictable premise" . Another critic described the film as "below average" citing that "the biggest drawback is that the story does not have a strong plot or surprising twists and that "there is also a palpable lack of chemistry between the characters and this gives the picture a poorly contrived feel." Rediff.com's review concluded that "Chella's directorial debut lacks originality and is a hotch potch of celebrated scripts of the past. Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "With an absurd script, insipid narration, and with neither the role nor the performance working out here for him, it's like Ajith has lost whatever ground he'd gained with his splendid performance in 'Varalaru'". The film was a disaster at the box office.

 References 

 External links 
Aalwar at IMDb

Chatrapathy (2004 film)
Chatrapathy is a 2004 Tamil language action thriller film directed by Srimahesh. The film stars R. Sarathkumar and Nikita Thukral whilst Vadivelu, Mahadevan, and Adithya Menon play supporting roles. The film was released for Diwali 2004 and later re-released in Hindi under the dubbed title of The Great Chatrapathy.

 Plot 
Saravanan (Sarathkumar), is a bus driver and Kili (Vadivelu), is the bus cleaner in a college. He also takes care of an orphanage which is home to many children and old-aged people. Indhu (Nikita Thukral), a student of the college, tries to woo Saravanan. Meanwhile, a few rowdies are found dead. Those rowdies happened to be henchmen of Chakravarthy (Mahadevan), a local powerful politician. It is revealed that Saravanan is the man behind the murders.
A flashback is shown where Saravanan’s actual name is Chatrapathi. He is an army major and recipient of “Paramveer Chakra” award, which is considered to be one of the prestigious awards in the army. On his visit to his native village in Tamil Nadu, Chatrapathi finds that Chakravarthy has grabbed majority of the land in his village from poor farmers with plans of constructing a beer factory. Chakravarthy also troubles Chatrapathi’s widowed sister (Saranya Ponvannan) by forcing her to hand over her land where she runs a small orphanage. As Chatrapathi opposes this, Chakravarthy and his henchmen beat up Chatrapathi and his sister, following which she dies. They also demolish the orphanage, which leads to the deaths of a few children. They also finally grab the land. An angered Chatrapathi kills Chakravarthy’s henchmen and goes into hiding to escape from police, waiting for an opportunity to kill Chakravarthy.
Chakravarthy finds out that Chatrapathi is behind him for taking revenge and tries to protect himself. However Chatrapathi kills Chakravarthy in the end and surrenders to the police. The court hands over Chatrapathi to the army.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by S.A. Rajkumar and Released on Star Music.

 References 

 External links 
Chatrapathy at IMDb

Agaram (film)
Agaram  is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by T. Nagarajan. It stars Nandha and Archana, with Biju Menon portraying the role of the antagonist, and Vivek, Seetha and Raj Kapoor among others in supporting roles. Despite being announced shortly after Nandha's debut in 2002, the film's release was delayed and eventually released on 16 February 2007, failing at the box office. The film's title is a reference to the first letter of the Tamil alphabet.

 Plot 
Thiru (Nandha) is a young Airtel employee who has just moved into the family's new house in Tuticorin with his sister (Varshini), mother (Seetha), and grandmother (Sukumari). Their happiness is tinged with the grief of Thiru's father's (Agathiyan) recent death, before the construction could be completed. Fate decrees that the entire family be placed in jeopardy when Thiru has an argument with Pasupathy, the brother of the dreaded don of the waterfront mafia, Varma (Biju Menon), during the local elections. Varma swears to kill Thiru, agreeing to spare his life for just four days until the election ends, at the request of his politician crony (Ilavarasu), who is all set to become the MLA. The family flees but is captured and brought back to face the atrocities unleashed by Varma's goons.

 Cast 

 Production 
Actress Hardeep was removed from the film in December 2004.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack and film score were composed by the noted composer Yuvan Shankar Raja. The soundtrack was released on 12 December 2005, nearly 14 months before the film's theatrical release. It has five tracks with lyrics written by Snehan.

 Critical reception 
Chennai Online wrote "It's the director's second venture, coming after a long gap after 'Aravindan' the Sharat Kumar-starrer. And as in his earlier film, Nagarajan has tried here too to give a different dimension to an oft-repeated tale. He's managed to keep the happenings interesting and the pace racy by a change in the ambience, and the slight variations he brings to the situations". The Hindu wrote "[..] the plot is credible, the pace is racy and director Nagaraj, also in charge of story and screenplay, proves that he can tell a story and tell it well. But just when events are ripe for that crucial twist in the tale that can empower the hero, the screenplay opts for a filmi solution."

 References 

 External links 
Agaram at IMDb 
"Agaram on Location". Archived from the original on 25 August 2004. Retrieved 2007-04-23.
Review at Indiaglitz
Review at NewsToday

Adhe Neram Adhe Idam
Adhe Neram Adhe Idam (transl. Same Time, Same Place) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by M. Prabhu and produced by Rama Krishnan. The film stars Jai and Vijayalakshmi, while Rahul Madhav, Nizhalgal Ravi, and Lollu Sabha Jeeva play supporting roles. The music was composed by Premji Amaren with editing by G. B. Venkatesh and cinematography by Sri Pawan Sekhar. The film released on 6 November 2009.

 Plot 
Karthik (Jai) falls in love with Janani (Vijayalakshmi). Although she is reluctant at first, she later accepts his love. After Janani's approval, Karthik goes to Australia as per his father states in order to finish his education. In the time that he had gone, Janani's parents arranged another groom for her, Siva (Rahul Madhav). Janani thought that Siva was more richer and handsome and would live a better life with him; therefore, she agrees to marry him. However, fate plays with them again. When Karthik is coming back from Australia, he meets a man. He chats with the man, and they soon become friends. He tells the man about his love story and how his lover had betrayed him for someone "better". The man tells him that the best way to teach her a lesson is to show vengeance and ruin her life. As a result of the man's advice, Karthik seeks revenge and forces Janani to sleep with him and other malicious actions. As the film progresses, the major plot twist is that the man that Karthik had met was actually Siva, who had been both a barrier and facilitator for their love to become united. In the climax, Janani tries to sleep with Karthik after being disappointed with Siva. However, in a sudden turn of events, Karthik kills her for betrayal but regrets it. Siva goes back sadly after coming to know that Janani is no more.

 Cast 
Jai as Karthik
Vijayalakshmi as Janani
Rahul Madhav as Siva
Nizhalgal Ravi as Karthik's father
Lollu Sabha Jeeva as Jeeva
Ravi Prakash

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack features 5 songs composed by Premgi Amaren.

 Reception 
Sify stated that the film "defies all logic" and "The director?s desire for experimentation and the urge to break moulds blow up on his face as he has no proper script". Behindwoods wrote "Adhe Neram Adhe Idam is an effort that has missed its mark by quite some distance. The jaded narration, monotonous pace and lack of emotion will be the major factors that work against it." Rediff wrote "The real blame for such slipshod work must undoubtedly rest with the director, though this could easily have been a taut, superbly crafted emotional thriller. Instead, there's a serious dearth of logic, completely senseless characterisation and a climax that leaves you as puzzled as amused." Times of India wrote that "interestin plot that suffers from a lack of depth."

 References 

Anbu (2003 film)
Anbu (transl. Affection) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy drama film written and directed by Dalapathiraj. The film starred Bala and Deepu in the leading roles. It was a below average from films critics and audience.

 Plot 
Anbu (Bala), son of a politician Karuppiah (Vijayakumar), and Veena (Deepu) are lovers, but fate plays villain and the lovers are separated. Veena is from another caste and her father is against their marriage. So he gets her married to Adithya (Adithya) in Anbu's absence. Anbu in the meantime goes abroad and when he returns, he is shocked to hear the news about Veena's wedding. He rushes to Ooty with Subbiah (Vadivelu), where Veena is spending her honeymoon. Whether the lovers unite in the end forms the rest of this triangular love story.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Vidyasagar.

 Release 
The film opened to average reviews, with a critic noting the director "managed to present things in an entertaining fashion in spite of the familiar stories". Another critic noted "in the recent movies by the debutants, this is one explicit movie, which is worth watching". Krishna Chidambaram of Kalki praised Vadivelu's comedy, Vidyasagar's music, story writer for having climax which breaks formula and director for making second half interesting but felt Sarathbabu, Vijayakumar and Rekha were underutilised and panned Bala's acting as amateur, dance choreography and director for testing patience in first half. All Indian Site wrote "[..] ‘Anbu’ has turned out to be a disappointing fare. For the first half the story moves fairly smoothly, without much flaws. But then the narration dries out". Sify wrote "Udhayageetha Cine Creations that had produced a classy film like Thangar Bachchan’s Azhagi has come out with their second film Anbu which is far from entertaining. The film is in the same genre as the Raj Kapoor classic Sangam and K.Bhagyaraj’s Antha Ezhu Naatkal". The film however did not perform well commercially at the box office.Deepu went on to star in Nee Mattum (2004) also starring Vadivelu.

 References 

 External links 
Anbu at IMDb

Eera Nilam
Eera Nilam (transl. Wetland) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Bharathiraja, starring his son Manoj and Nanditha. It was released on 8 August 2003, and won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film while Thenmozhi won for Best Dialogue Writer.

 Plot 

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Sirpy.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, "Bharathiraja has worked on R. Selvaraj's story and has come out with a screenplay that drags at times. But crisp, intelligent editing takes care of things". Visual Dasan of Kalki gave the verdict, "above average". Sify wrote, "There is no newness in the story as it is predictable as this village story is too dry and dull to absorb". The film won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film, and Thenmozhi won for Best Dialogue Writer in the same ceremony.

 References 

 External links 
Eera Nilam at IMDb

Autograph (2004 film)
Autograph is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written, produced and directed by Cheran. The film's soundtrack is composed by Bharadwaj. Cheran also plays the lead role in his film for first time, and other cast members include Gopika, Sneha, Mallika and Kaniha.
This is both Gopika's and Mallika's debut film in Tamil cinema. The film was released in India in February 2004, and was screened at the Lyon Asian Film Festival in France and at the Montreal World Film Festival in Canada. Upon release, the film met with critical acclaim and commercial success. Although a sequel to the film titled Autograph 2 was announced, it never materialised. The film was remade in Telugu as Naa Autograph, Kannada as My Autograph and Bengali as Amar Aponjon.

 Plot 
The film begins with Senthil Kumar (Cheran) who runs an advertising agency, boarding a train on a journey to invite his friends and family for his forthcoming wedding. Along the way, he encounters various individuals from his past, who bring back memories of three women that have influenced his love life. During the journey, he reminisces his teenage days. The happenings in the school, his tussle with his friends and his first love with his classmate Kamala (Mallika) are all pictured with fun and drama. However, her father married her off early before her 11th grade. He meets Kamala 14 years later, and she is now a mother of three children, and a wife of a Farmer. Senthil reaches the village and invites all including Kamala, who promises to come to the wedding.
Then, he goes to Kerala, where he had his college education. His major crush at that time was Lathika (Gopika), a Malayali girl from Chalakudy, with whom he falls in love, but later, the affair proves to be short-lived as her parents marry her off to her cousin Madhavan after knowing about her love affair with Senthil. On reaching Chalakudy to invite her, Senthil is slightly disturbed to see her as a widow living with her grandmother for the past 12 years. He attempts to rekindle his love for her, but she corrects him.
On his journey, he comes across his trusted friend Divya (Sneha), who instills confidence and elucidates him to the life lesson – that one has to go ahead in life without looking back. While she and Senthil travel on a bus, she reveals her tragic experience, that her mother is a paralytic patient and that she is the breadwinner of the family. As time passes by, she reveals that she was in love with someone and believed that he was the man of her life, but she was unfortunately let down. A poetic narration on the need for a good companion like Senthil who gives attention to her is stressed, even if it is not possible at his stage. After her unwilling engagement with a businessman from America, she goes away from Senthil. Senthil meets her five years later, and she is now a divorcee.
In the end, Senthil marries a girl of his parents choice, Thenmozhi (Kanika). All the three girls who were a part in his life, along with his school and college friends attend his wedding. Also, this sets a very jovial ending to the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
Produced by Roja Combines, Cheran first cast Prabhu Deva in the lead role during October 2000, but the actor and producers later left the project. In December 2000, Cheran announced that he would produce the film himself and that actor Vijay would portray the lead role in the project. However, Vijay later opted out as a result of scheduling problems. Arvind Swami revealed that he was offered the main role, but he declined the role because he was retired from cinema in that time period. Cheran later approached Vikram, but he did not want to do a romantic film after the success of his action film Gemini (2002), resulting in Cheran himself portraying the role.Cheran said that the film was partly autobiographical. Four different cinematographers worked on the film; Ravi Varman had shot the school episode in Senthil's early life with a 35 mm lens for which he used light angle, Vijay Milton shot the Kerala scenes, Dwaraknath shot the Chennai episode with a steady cam, and Shanky Mahendran shot the "'live' part" of the film when the camera uses the point of view of Senthil's character.

 Awards 
The film has won the following awards since its release:
52nd National Film Awards (India)

Won – Golden Lotus Award – Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment – Cheran
Won – Silver Lotus Award – Best Female Playback Singer – K. S. Chithra
Won – Silver Lotus Award – Best Lyrics – Pa. Vijay52nd Filmfare Awards South

Won – Best Film – Tamil
Won – Best Director – Tamil – Cheran
Won – Best Supporting Actress – Tamil – Mallika
Won – Best Music Director – Tamil – BharadwajTamil Nadu State Film Awards

Won – Best Film
Won – Best Director – Cheran
Won – Best Female Playback – K. S. Chithra

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack features eight songs composed by Bharadwaj, with lyrics by Pa. Vijay, Snehan and Cheran. The film's background was scored by the famous duo Sabesh–Murali.
The song Ovvoru Pookalume also featured the performance of the members of Raaga Priya orchestra which also included its founder Comagan.

 Critical reception 
Sify wrote, "A major plus point of Autograph is that Cheran has chosen three cameramen to do the three episodes in his life which makes the film lively and nostalgic." Dennis Harvey of Variety wrote, "Well-mounted production has too much familiar melodrama, and few real highlights (notably one delightful homage to ’70s Tamil musicals), but remains an easy watch." G Dhananjayan in his book Pride of Tamil Cinema wrote "A trend setting film recollecting love memoirs in various phases of life". Visual Dasan of Kalki wrote that Cheran's creative maturity, re-emerging not only as an actor but also as a fine artist, was recorded as an art form in Autograph.

 Remakes 

 References 

 External links 
Autograph at IMDb

123 (film)
123 is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by K. Subash. It was partially reshot in Kannada and Telugu. The film stars real-life brothers Prabhu Deva, Raju Sundaram, and Nagendra Prasad alongside Jyothika as the main female lead, while Deva composed the film's music. Based on the Marathi play All The Best by Devendra Pem, 123 was released in June 2002.

 Plot 
Tirupathi, Pazhani and Chidambaram are physically impaired friends – Thirupathi is blind, Pazhani is deaf, and Chidambaram is mute. None of them has a family, and they begin to live under the same roof. Narmada enters their lives, and all three fall in love with her. The story follows their attempts to win her hand.

 Cast 

 Production 
In December 2001, the three sons of prominent dance choreographer Mugur Sundar were reported to be coming together to star in the Tamil film, and while Prabhu Deva was an established actor and Raju Sundaram had also appeared in films, it became the first substantial role for Nagendra Prasad. Karunas was selected to play a key role, while Sundaram was reported to be a choreographer in the film, which would be based on the Marathi play All the Best by Devendra Pem. The mouth freshener brand, Pass Pass, teamed up with the film to put product placement into the venture. The film was released in Kannada under the supervision of Sundeep Malani.

 Release and reception 
Tamil versionThe Tamil version of the film opened on 1 June 2002. A critic from BizHat.com noted, "Dilshad as the blind Tirupathy has done his role well but Raju Sundaram and Nagendra Prasad have to pick up the nuances of acting. Jyothika has very little to do. The comedy of Karnas is good. However, the highlight of the film are the dances and the choreography. The three brothers have tried to outbeat each other when it comes to dancing. Music by Deva is very average". Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu noted "it is a tightrope walk for director K. Subhash because presenting physical impairment without hurting sentiments is not easy. And the director does come out unscathed. Much of it is situational humour and the dialogue, again by Subhash, accentuates the comic impact in some of the scenes". Visual Dasan of Kalki called the film a torture.
Telugu versionThe Telugu version of the film released on the same day. Jeevi of Idlebrain.com gave the film two stars, stating "The only strength of the film is situation comedy based on the disabilities of three protagonists. Otherwise it's an avoidable film". The reviewer added that ". The producers of this film tried to dupe Telugu audience by projecting '1-2-3' as the first Jyothika's Telugu straight film. But its yet another routine dubbing film rubbed on Telugu audience". Gudipoodi Srihari of The Hindu cited "The film keeps grip on the audience, because of the curiosity the subject kicks up, regarding the survival of the handicapped using their sixth sense. The characters are difficult to portray, but the three main artistes do it convincingly".

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Deva. Sandeep Chowta was initially expected to be the film's composer. Tamil lyrics were written by Thamarai, Kalaikumar and Victor.

 References 

 External links 
123 at IMDb

Cheena Thaana 001
Cheena Thaana 001 is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language action comedy film starring Prasanna and Sheela with Riyaz Khan,Vadivelu, Manivannan, Delhi Ganesh and Kazan Khan in supporting roles. It's a remake of the 2003 Malayalam film, C.I.D. Moosa.

 Plot 
Tamizharasu wants to become a cop, but the arrogant police officers Inspector Parameshwaran and AC Gowrishankar ensure that he does not succeed. Meanwhile, he discovers a plot to assassinate the Governor by the terrorist Gulshan Baba, and he complains it to Gowrishankar, but discovers that he is also a member of the plot. So he forms a detective agency and starts cracking the plot, and how he succeeds in it with the help of his father, his father's Friend and, of course, with his friend Cheenichamy, who is also a thief, forms the rest of the story.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Deva. Lyrics were written by Piraisoodan, Snehan, Yugabharathi, Krithiya and Lakshmi Priyan.

 Reception 
Indiaglitz wrote, "Prasanna after a series of serious portrayals in his earlier films opts for a laugh-riot role. He is at his best in comedy and stunt sequences. However, walking away with all honors is Vadivelu. Playing Prasanna's close aide, he brings the roof down with laughter. His body language and dialogue delivery provides instant laughter."Behindwoods wrote, "Prasanna has come up with a good performance. Vadivelu and his team guarantee the audience with clean comedy and he rocks as always. The sequences where he encounters a mottai need to be seen to be enjoyed. Visu who comes as a Governor delivers a few orders which are certainly rib ticklers of the highest order. Songs are just average. Many scenes from Seena Thaana are guaranteed to find themselves in the comedy programs of television."Sify wrote, "The humour here is the "Tom & Jerry", one-man- upmanship type. Prasanna wants to become a cop, but the comedians are determined that he does not get selected. So it becomes a merry-go-round of our hero Vs team of comedians- Vadivelu, Mannivannan, comic villain Riaz Khan and assorted 'terrorist' baddies who want to kill the governor, Visu. Sheela is there for the songs tuned by Deva."Bharatstudent.com wrote, "Prasanna excels both in the action scenes as well as comedy scenes. His comedy timing is also good. Vadivelu literally steals the show with his comedy. Sheela has a brief role. She acts in a couple of songs and then disappears. Visu, Riyaz Khan, Kasan Khan, Ilavarasu, Delhi Ganesh and others go about their jobs in a neat manner. Deva's music is good. The film is a good entertainer and can be enjoyed by both adults and children alike.".

 References 

 External links 
Cheena Thaana 001 at IMDb

Chennai 600028
Chennai 600028 is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language sports comedy film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu in his directorial debut. It stars Jai, Shiva, Premji, Aravind Akash, Nithin Sathya and newcomers Ajay Raj, Vijay Vasanth, Prasanna, Inigo Prabakaran, Karthik and Arun in the lead along with Vijayalakshmi Feroz and Kristine Zedek, making their acting debut as well. The film was produced by S. P. B. Charan along with J. K. Saravana, a Singapore-based award-winning producer. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Premji Amaran and Yuvan Shankar Raja and also Illayaraja respectively.The film is based on street cricket played in India, focusing on various themes as friendship, love and rivalry in a suburban area. Following its theatrical release on 27 April 2007, it received critical acclaim and emerged a surprise sleeper hit, running successfully for more than one year in theaters, whilst going on to achieve cult status in the subsequent years. The film's title is derived from the pincode for Mandaveli, a suburb of Chennai, where the story takes place. The success of the film gained the relatively unknown actors – Jai, Shiva, Premji and Nithin Sathya, newcomers Vijayalakshmi, Vijay Vasanth and the director Venkat Prabhu popularity.The film was also remade in Bengali as Le Chakka (2010), Sinhalese as Super Six (2012), and in Kannada as Bangalore 560023 (2015). A sequel for the film, Chennai 600028 II: Second Innings, has also since been released.

 Plot 
The story revolves around two local cricket league teams that compete against each other in local matches and consider each other as sworn enemies. Royapuram Rockers are on top of the chain and keep bashing the Sharks year after year. The heroes of the movie are the Sharks' team.
The story begins when Raghu's parents move from Royapuram to Visalakshi Thottam, Chennai 600 028. Raghu is a member of the Royapuram Rockers Cricket team, and a college student living with his parents. He has no choice but to move with them although he detests the area. He is not very excited at the prospect of living in the same area as his sworn enemies. Raghu is faithful to his teammates, but they ignore him because of the distance. Angered at being replaced by a new guy in the team in one of the matches, Raghu estranges himself from cricket and the Rockers.
Raghu informs of Pazhani's sister Selvi's love for Karthik to him. This incident initiates Raghu's friendship with a few Sharks team players and eventually gets induced into the team. Raghu practices with the Sharks to play against the Rockers in the upcoming Radio Mirchi trophy. Pazhani, who soon learns of his sister and Karthik's love affair is disappointed and then there is a tiff amongst the friends. The team splits up for a while, but Karthik apologizes to Pazhani and they make up. The team reunites and starts practicing for the trophy once again. Unfortunately, Karthik is stabbed by his brother's enemies and is rendered unfit to play the match. Pazhani replaces Karthik as the captain and the team heads for the match.
Under tight pressure and with a nail biting finish, the Sharks finally defeat the Rockers in the semi-finals of the tournament. In the finals they meet their enemies, a group of school kids named Bad Boys-II who practice by shirking school to play cricket on the beach. The kids are really good and the Sharks know it because they have lost badly to them once before.
The movie ends with the team really struggling to keep it up in the game.

 Cast 

 Production 
Chennai 600028 is the directorial debut of Venkat Prabhu. He initially titled the film as Enga Area Ulla Varaadha (Don't come into our territory), from the opening song in Pudhupettai, but lyricist Vaali was critical of the idea, feeling that the title was "negative" sounding. Subsequently, the film was renamed as Chennai 600028, with the idea of including the area's postcode taken from the title of the American television series Beverly Hills, 90210. Venkat Prabhu felt the new title was "more apt and universal".

 Soundtrack 
The film's score was composed by Venkat Prabhu's brother, Premji Amaran, while his cousin, Yuvan Shankar Raja composed the soundtrack, which also featured two tracks that were rearranged by Premji. The soundtrack album, featuring 9 tracks, released on 19 February 2007 in India and four days later in Singapore and Malaysia, on 23 February 2007. The audio was launched at the radio station Radio Mirchi, broadcasting all the songs live, which was said to be the first time in India. The lyrics were written by 'Kavignar' Vaali and Gangai Amaran, father of Venkat Prabhu. Also, composer Yuvan Shankar Raja penned the lyrics for the song "Natpukullae", besides singing it. 19 singers had rendered their voice for the songs, including Yogi B, DJ Funky Sathiya and SilveStar, two Singaporean rappers, actor Karunas, director Venkat Prabhu and producer S. P. B. Charan.The album was both critically acclaimed and gained immense popularity upon its release, being described as, "excellent", a "rocking album" and one of the "aesthetic highlights" of the film. The songs were said to be a big hit as reportedly 25000 CDs were sold on the very first day, "ruling the charts" worldwide. The songs "Jalsa" and "Saroja Saman Nikalo" were "rocking the dance floors".

 Release and reception 
Chennai 600028 was released on 27 April 2007, and emerged as a major commercial success. Sify in their review stated that "All the guys who acted in the film are candid and have let their hair down. RJ Shiva is the surprise packet in the film. Venkat Prabhu deserves a pat on his back for making a breezy fun movie which highlights the fact that cricket in India which is a religion for many is also won through team spirit and sacrifice. So go ahead, make your matinee and enjoy the match." Filmibeat reviewed it as "Apart from cricket there is enough space for love, friendship, sentiments and decent comedy in the script." Baradwaj Rangan reviewed the film as "A street-cricket saga from a bunch of no-names comes out of nowhere and knocks your socks off." Writing for Rediff, the review stated as "The movie is a result of a perfect team effort in every sense. A perfect entertainer, not to be missed." Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "Every city youngster would have experienced one or the other situation projected in `Chennai ... ' And that's the film's USP. Venkat Prabhu has shown that without a glowing star cast or formulaic gibberish, enjoyable films can be made. Down-to-earth approach and levity are Prabhu's strengths. `Chennai 600028' is proof enough."The film emerged as a sleeper hit at the box office, and also emerging as the cult status, in coming years. The film's 100th day celebrations, took place on 5 August 2007 at Chennai Trade Centre, with Rajinikanth and Kamal Hassan being the chief guest. The film is later dubbed in Telugu as Kodithe Kottalira in 2009.

 Remakes 
The film was remade in Bengali as Le Chakka (2009), and in Kannada as Bangalore 560023 (2015). The film was also remade in Sinhalese as Super Six in 2012.

 Sequel 

Plans to make a sequel to Chennai 600028 were reported several times in the media, shortly after the first film's release. It features several cast members from the earlier film including Jai, Shiva, Premji, Aravind Akash and Nithin Sathya. Actors Vaibhav, Subbu Panchu, Abhinay Vaddi were chosen to play supporting roles in the film. Production of the film was officially unveiled on 28 February 2016 and the film was released on 9 December 2016.

 Awards and nominations 
Vijay AwardsVijay Award for Best Crew
Vijay Award for Best Find of the Year - Venkat Prabhu
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Film
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Director - Venkat Prabhu
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Story, Screenplay Writer - Venkat Prabhu
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Debut Actor - Shiva
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Debut Actress - Vijayalakshmi Ahathian
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Editor - B. Lenin
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Lyricist - Vaali
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Male Playback Singer - S. P. Balasubrahmanyam
Nominated - Vijay Award for Best Choreographer - Ajay RajTamil Nadu State Film AwardsTamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Family Film

 See also 
Kodambakkam, Chennai

 References 

 External links 
Chennai 600028 at IMDb

Appu (2000 film)
Appu is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film written and directed by Vasanth. The film stars Prashanth, Devayani and Prakash Raj. It is a remake of the Hindi film Sadak (1991). The film was released on 16 June 2000.

 Plot 
Appu is a taxi driver in Mumbai. He had a sister Saradha who committed suicide as her husband sold her to a brothel for money. Appu had a habit of paying prostitutes just to talk to them. One day, Appu meets Seetha and develops affection, but she is also sold by her uncle to a brothel managed by Maharani, a transgender, as he is unable to repay his debt. Appu decides to save Seetha from the brothel by having an affair with Maharani. In the meantime, he finds out his sister was also sold to the same brothel managed by Maharani, so he decides to take revenge. Love blossoms between Appu and Seetha. Appu loses his friend Mano and lover Pooja, as they both get killed by Maharani. They sacrifice their lives for Appu and Seetha. Finally, Appu kills Maharani and unites with Seetha.

 Cast 

 Production 
During production, the film was briefly titled as Surya before being renamed to Appu. Simran was considered for the lead role before Devayani was finalised.This film is the Tamil remake of Hindi film Sadak (1991). Prakash Raj played the character of an eunuch. During the shoot of the film, some eunuchs hailing from Thiruvannamalai, threatened that if portions of the film were not reshot, they would initiate large scale protests and do their best to hinder shooting schedules. They were upset that Raj played a 'sexually handicapped' person who is the villain. They argued that the eunuchs are treated as socially unwanted having little social standing, and that such films would further threaten their status in the society. One song "Idam Tharuvaya" is shot in South Africa.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Deva, all song lyrics were by Vairamuthu. The audio was launched at Kamarajar Memorial Hall. Venky of Chennai Online wrote "Though the songs sound familiar, they are definitely worth a hear".

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "Vasanth has laid a firm foundation by choosing a solid story, though there is nothing novel about it, and the rest just falls in place.Heavy at times, Appu appeals nevertheless". Rajitha of Rediff.con wrote "The other day, I saw Appu -- Vasanth's latest directorial venture. And the first thought I had was, no way, the man I met couldn't have made this film. It is not as though there were glaring deficiencies in this remake of the Sanjay Dutt-starrer Sadak -- the disappointment comes from the fact that the Tamil remake, with Prashant and Devyani in the lead, simply fails to grip. You expect more much more from the man who made Keladi Kanmani, Nee Paadhi Naan Paadhi, Nerukku Ner, Aasai and Poovellaam Kettupaar" she however praised music and Prakash Raj's acting. Krishna Chidambaram of Kalki praised the acting of Prashanth and Prakash Raj and Ramesh Khanna's humour but felt the revenge in second half could have been forceful if Prashanth got to know the culprit in former half. Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote, "A sensitive director of Vasanth's caliber is clearly wasted here. But he does leave a mark in his song picturisations (Va da va…), which are catchy, despite the absence of expensive props and sets. Cinematographer Vinod leaves a mark in his maiden effort". India Info wrote "Remake films do not always stand up to the originals. There are rare exceptions though. Appu falls into that category. The director Vasanth has done a good remake job of Sadak in Tamil. The lead stars Prasanth and Devyani have also managed to put in a performance that matches up to the original. However, the credit goes to Prakashraj who could live up to the expectations his role raised. He had the challenge of essaying the role that won Sadashiv Amarpurkar a national award. The native touch that he has given to the eunuch character is commendable".

 References 

 External links 
Appu at IMDb

Gyeongseong Creature
Gyeongseong Creature (Korean: 경성크리처) is a South Korean horror/thriller historical drama series that premiered on Netflix on December 22, 2023. Written by Kang Eun-kyung, and directed by Chung Dong-yoon and Roh Young-sub, it stars Park Seo-joon, Han So-hee and Claudia Kim. Set in 1945, during the occupation of Gyeongseong (the old name for Seoul) by the Imperial Japanese Army, the story depicts the brutality inflicted on civilians by the Japanese forces, subjecting men and women to secret biological experiments, the rebels who rise against them, and the monster creature produced from human experimentation. The second season will be released in 2024.

 Synopsis 

 Season 1 
In the spring of 1945 in Gyeongseong, during the Japanese occupation of Korea, Jang Tae-sang, the master of the city's most lucrative pawnshop, and Yoon Chae-ok, a tracker searching for her missing mother, confront a strange creature born from biological experiments conducted in secret within Ongseong Hospital.

 Cast and characters 

 Main 
Park Seo-joon as Jang Tae-sang / Ho-jae: a wealthy man who is the owner of the House of Golden Treasure (Geumokdang), the best pawn shop in Gyeongseong. He is also the best informant in Gyeongseong.
Han So-hee as Yoon Chae-ok: a specialist in finding missing people.
Claudia Kim as Yukiko Maeda (Japanese: 前田有紀子, Hepburn: Maeda Yukiko): a powerful Japanese noblewoman who secretly controls the Gyeongseong area.

 Supporting 
Kim Hae-sook as Mrs. Nawol: deacon of Geumokdang who has been with Tae-sang since he was a child, she guards and takes care of orders when the owner is not around.
Jo Han-chul as Yoon Jung-won: Yoon Chae-ok's father and husband of Choi Seong-sim.
Wi Ha-joon as Kwon Jun-taek: an independence activist and Tae-sang's close friend.
Park Ji-hwan as Gu Gap-pyeong: Geumokdang's butler.
Ok Ja-yeon as Na Young-chun: the owner of Moonlight Bar.
Ahn Ji-ho as Park Beom-o: a boy who works at Geumokdang.
Choi Young-joon as Lieutenant Colonel Kato (Japanese: 陸軍中将賀東, Hepburn: Rikugun-Chūjō Gatō): the chief of the military at Onseong Hospital.
Hyun Bong-sik as Ichiro (Japanese: 一郎, Hepburn: Ichirō): the director of Onseong Hospital.
Kim Do-hyun as Commissioner Ishikawa (Japanese: 石川委員, Hepburn: Kyokuchō Ishikawa): the chief of Japanese police in Gyeongseong and husband of Yukiko Maeda.
Woo Ji-hyun as Ryu Sachimoto (Japanese: 幸本龍, Hepburn: Sachimoto Ryū): an artist who is assigned by Ichiro to draw the results of experiments at Onseong Hospital.
Lee Kyu-sung as Mori: Ishikawa's subordinate who is given the task of keeping an eye on Tae-sang.
Ji Woo as Myeong-ja: a gisaeng from Chunwol-gwan and Ishikawa's mistress who has disappeared.
Kang Mal-geum as Choi Seong-sim / Seishin: Chae-ok's mother who is the subject of biological experiments by the Japanese military.
Im Chul-soo as Mr. Oh: an independence activist disguised as a cleaner at Onseong Hospital in order to find his missing brother.
Kim Yoon-woo as Choi Yeong-gwan:
Jo Jae-ryong as Soma: a Japanese military officer who is assigned to manage the prisoners at Ongseong Hospital's underground prison.
Yeon Je-wook as Lee In-hyuk: an independence activist who is also Jun-taek's comrade.
Kim Yool-ho

 Special appearance 
Lim Ki-hong as Mr. Wang:
Woo Jung-won as Shim Sun-deok: as Tae-sang's mother.

 Background and production 

 Season 1 
In January 2022, production team confirmed the casting and revealed that the filming was currently in progress.On March 3, 2022, it was reported that Wi Ha-joon tested positive for COVID-19 and the filming was suspended since the actor was self quarantined.On August 3, 2022, it was reported that actress Han So-hee suffered a minor injury to her face while filming an action scene for the series. On August 11, Han's agency confirmed that she had recovered from the injury and returned to filming the following week.In October 2022, it was reported that the series had finished filming and started post-production.

 Season 2 
In November 2022, Netflix confirmed the production of a second season. The filming schedule was yet to be decided.In August 2023, it was announced that actor Bae Hyun-sung would be joining the cast in Season 2.In September 2023, it was reported that Han So-hee felt unwell while filming the second season and was tested positive for COVID-19; she was recovering at home according to her agency.In January 2024, Netflix announced that Season 2 will be set in the present time, and released in 2024. Also in the same month, producers confirmed that actor Lee Moo-saeng had joined the cast of the forthcoming season.

 Release 
Gyeongseong Creature premiered on Netflix on December 22, 2023. The series consists of 10 episodes split into two parts, with the first seven released as Part 1, and the remaining three episodes released as Part 2 on January 5, 2024.

 Reception 

 Critical response 
The show received a mixed to positive reception from critics and audiences. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 83% of 6 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 7.3/10. Collider rated it a 2.5/5 and critic Chase Hutchinson called it "the trouble is that the rest of the series just marches right past its promising elements without stopping for more than a second". Jonathan Wilson of Ready Steady Cut proclaimed it "the combination of familiar elements in this specific composition is enough to provide plenty of consistent drama, especially given the sheer quality of the production". In Decider, Joel Keller said "despite our reservations, Gyeongseong Creature has a good story buried in all the murkiness but we're not sure if the show will actually be able to focus on that story as the first season goes along". Brian Lowry wrote in CNN Entertainment, "it might not match Squid Game's viewership, but for sheer entertainment value surpasses it in a way that deserves to be a monster hit". MJ Marfori from TV5 Philippines described the series "as blending suspense and romance and succeeding in that challenge" and "sure to be a popular worldwide K-series". Indonesian writer Ayu Utami stated that "the forties era sets and wardrobe were quite surprising".

 Viewership 
Gyeongseong Creature ranked first in South Korea three days after its release, was Number 3 in Netflix's "Global Top 10" weekly list of the most-watched non-English television shows, and received a warm response in 20 countries, being listed in the Top 10 including India, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Taiwan. It remained a Top 10 Netflix show for an additional three weeks.

 Episodes 

 Original soundtrack 

 Season 1 

 Part 1 

 Part 2 

 See also 
Unit 731
Keijō
List of Netflix original programming: Korean

 References 

 External links 
Gyeongseong Creature on Netflix 
Gyeongseong Creature on Netflix Tudum
Gyeongseong Creature at IMDb 
Gyeongseong Creature at HanCinema

Gusztáv Vándory
Gusztáv Vándory (6 December 1882 – 16 November 1964) was a Hungarian stage and film actor. He was born and died in Budapest.

 Selected filmography 
Lili (1918)
Yamata (1919)
Neither at Home or Abroad (1919)
Veszélyben a pokol (1921)
The Seventh Veil (1927)
Hyppolit, the Butler (1931)
The Blue Idol (1931)
Spring Shower (1932)
Flying Gold (1932)
Kiss Me, Darling (1932)
The Old Scoundrel (1932)
An Auto and No Money (1932)
Miss Iza (1933)
The Rakoczi March (1933)
The Dream Car (1934)
It Happened in March (1934)
Kind Stepmother (1935)
Address Unknown (1935)
The Golden Man (1936)
Be True Until Death (1936)
Anniversary (1936)
Hotel Springtime (1937)
Tales of Budapest (1937)
Tokay Rhapsody (1937)
Help, I'm an Heiress (1937)
Sweet Revenge (1937)
Modern Girls (1937)
Sportszerelem (1938)
Azurexpress (1938)
The Wrong Man (1938)
The Lady Is a Bit Cracked (1938)
The Hen-Pecked Husband (1938)
The Ball Is On (1939)
The Five-Forty (1939)
Flower of the Tisza (1939)
Princess of the Puszta (1939)
Dankó Pista (1940)
Gábor Göre Returns (1940)
Duel for Nothing (1940)
Queen Elizabeth (1940)
A Bowl of Lentils (1941)
Left-Handed Angel (1941)
Silenced Bells (1941)
Taken by the Flood (1941)
Prince Bob (1941)
Flames (1941)
Katyi (1942)
Kádár Versus Kerekes (1942)
Male Fidelity (1942)
Guard House Number 5 (1942)
Sirius (1942)
We'll Know By Midnight (1942)
The Marsh Flower (1943)
Quite a Lad (1943)
Annamária (1943)
Wedding March (1944)
Devil Rider (1944)
Masterless Woman (1944)
Eva Szovathy (1944)
Wildfire (1944)
Semmelweis (1952)

 Bibliography 
Kulik, Karol. Alexander Korda: The Man Who Could Work Miracles. Virgin Books, 1990.
Schildgen, Rachel A. More Than A Dream: Rediscovering the Life and Films of Vilma Banky. 1921 PVG Publishing, 2010.

 External links 
Gusztáv Vándory at IMDb

Selangor F.C.
Selangor Football Club (Malay: Kelab Bola Sepak Selangor), is a Malaysian professional football club based in the city of Shah Alam, Selangor, Malaysia. The club is currently competes in the Malaysia Super League, the top tier of Malaysian football. The club is nicknamed the Red Giants. Officially founded in 1936 by the Football Association of Selangor (FAS), the association built its football development as a result of a merger with the Selangor Association Football League (SAFL - established in 1905) and forming the professional football team known as Selangor. On 2 October 2020, the club officially made its privatization under a new entity as Selangor Football Club after it was officially approved by the Football Association of Malaysia (FAM) on 29 September 2020. The club currently plays its home games at the Petaling Jaya Stadium after the club's original home ground, the Shah Alam Stadium, was closed to undergo major renovation and rebuilding work which was prolonged for an extended period of time.Selangor are the most successful and most decorated club in Malaysia, in terms of overall honours won with 52 top-qualifying trophies and 61 trophies collectively. Domestically, Selangor have won a total of 6 Malaysia top division league titles which includes 2 Malaysia Super League titles (the league that the club currently plays in), 1 Premier League 1 title, 2 Semi-Pro League Division 1 titles and 1 Malaysian League title. In cup competitions, the club have a record of 33 Malaysia Cups, a joint-best 5 Malaysia FA Cups and a record of 8 Malaysia Charity Shields. In addition, the club have also won 2 second-division titles, 1 Malaysia Premier League title and 1 Semi-Pro League Division 2 title and between 1951 and 1973, 7 Malaysia FAM Cups where the Malaysia FAM Cup acted as a secondary knockout cup competition between state teams after the Malaysia Cup.
Selangor were also the first Malaysian club to qualify and enter an Asian continental club tournament, the Asian Champion Club Tournament where the club finished as runners-up in 1967, the first edition of the Asian top-flight continental club tournament, which was later rebranded as the AFC Champions League in 2002. The club were also the first team in Malaysian football history to achieve a league and cup double by winning the Malaysian League and Malaysia Cup in 1984.
The club also gave rise to many Malaysian football stars who brought success to both club and country such as Mokhtar Dahari, R. Arumugam, Abdul Ghani Minhat, Wong Choon Wah, Santokh Singh, Soh Chin Aun, Zainal Abidin Hassan, Azman Adnan, Rusdi Suparman, Amri Yahyah, and Safee Sali and many others. The club is also one of the best supported clubs in Malaysia and across the Asian continent and holds several rivalries, most notably with Singapore, Kuala Lumpur City and Johor Darul Ta'zim.

 History 

 1905–1936: Beginnings 
A Selangor state football association was founded in 1905 to establish and manage an internal state league, called the Selangor Association Football League (SAFL). The first cup competition was sponsored by the British Resident of Selangor, R.G. Watson. There were also reports that the association was led by British Residents at that time.Due to an internal conflict, some officials left the organization in 1926 and founded the Selangor Football Association (SFA), a new organization. The dispute between the SAFL and the SFA continued for almost ten years before the two sides negotiated back on a deal for the betterment of the future of football in the state of Selangor. Finally, the two football entities officially merged on 22 February 1936, under the name of the Football Association of Selangor (FAS) (Malay: Persatuan Bola Sepak Selangor) and forming Selangor FA to represent the state of Selangor.During this period, Selangor won their first ever piece of silverware in the form of the Malaya Cup in 1922, in a 3–2 win over Singapore FA (a rivalry that would come to define Malaysian football in future years) and going on to win the Malaya Cup a further five times in 1927, 1928, 1929, 1935 and 1936.

 MAHA Stadium (Malayan Agri-Horticultural Association Stadium): Selangor FA's First Stadium 
The proposal to build a stadium that can accommodate 5,000 spectators was first voiced in 1927, and from the very beginning the venue was built in collaboration between MAHA (Malayan Agri-Horticultural Association) and the Selangor football association. Initially three sites were nominated for the venue; at Gaol Road (now Jalan Hang Tuah), at the intersection of Jalan Bukit Bintang and Circular Road (now Jalan Tun Razak, possibly on the site of where Prince Court Medical Centre now stands), and at Jalan Pudu. The site chosen was ultimately at the intersection of Circular Road and Jalan Ampang, and according to press reports of the time, it began construction in 1928 and was completed the following year. The specific location of the stadium is not known, it is only said in press reports to be behind a police station at this intersection, which is the current Jalan Tun Razak police station.When it was completed, MAHA was sued by the surrounding residents because it was said that the football matches held there disturbed public order. Although the suit was in favor of the stadium owners, Selangor only began to make the stadium their official ‘home ground’ in 1931, in the Malaya Cup against Penang on July 18, a match that ended in a 5–3 victory for Selangor. The squad played a total of 20 times at this stadium between 1931 and 1940, and won 14 times. The eight finals of the Malaya Cup were held here with Selangor being finalists four times. However, the club won only one final, in a 2–0 win over Singapore FA in 1935. Their last match here was nine years later, against Kedah in the Malaya Cup on 20 July 1940.
In the aftermath of the Japanese occupation during World War II from 1941 to 1945, the MAHA Stadium was damaged which made it unusable and was subsequently destroyed. The current site of the former MAHA Stadium has now become an area for car dealers, with a shopping mall right next to the Jalan Tun Razak police station, also included are residential and embassy areas. In this neighborhood there are several fields and open spaces owned by Kelab Aman, SJKC Chung Hwa (P), and a cricket association.

 1937–1960: Between World War II and Independence 
The outbreak of World War II slowed down FAS' efforts to develop domestic football. The effort was started aggressively as soon as the war ended. Efforts to upgrade state football continued with the association laying out plans to construct a new football stadium for the state team. The state team prior to the war played at MAHA Stadium in Jalan Ampang and in the intervening years at Selangor Field Club (now Dataran Merdeka), the team's new home ground clearly required a stadium in line with the association's direction. The association management met the Mayor of Kuala Lumpur several times for permission to construct the stadium but a solution couldn't be found. The impasse meant that Selangor's home stadium plan had to be put on hold.
However, the appointment of Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al-Haj as the first official FAS president (who also held the presidency of the Football Association of Malaysia at that time) was a right move for the association. After becoming Prime Minister of the newly independent Federation of Malaya in 1957, Tunku Abdul Rahman pioneered the stadium construction business and ordered the construction of Stadium Merdeka to celebrate the country's independence as well as being Selangor's official new home stadium. Stadium Merdeka also served as the occasional home ground of the Malaysia national football team as well as the staging of international sporting events.
After 1951, Tunku Abdul Rahman vacated the presidency of the FAS. He was succeeded by the Independent MP for Bangsar (now known as Bangsar) constituency and also a teacher by profession, S.C.E. Singam, who became the second official FAS president until 1953, where he was succeeded by K. Sundram. Between 1951 and 1960, the club won two Malaysia Cups in 1956 and 1959, finishing as runners-up in 1957 and 2 Malaysia FAM Cups in 1953 and 1960, finishing as runners-up in 1952 and 1955.

 1961–1983: Era of Harun Idris' Leadership 
Dato' Seri Harun Idris is synonymous with football in Selangor and Malaysia in the 1960s to the early 1980s. He ran as president of the FAS for 21 years from 1961 to 1983. During his leadership, Selangor won 15 Malaysia Cups as well as doing a lot of positive changes for the association. The club was originally headquartered at the MCA building in Jalan Ampang before the construction of Wisma FAS in 1973 at Merdeka Stadium under the president's (who was also the Chief Minister of Selangor at the time) and club manager Hamzah Abu Samah's efforts.
In that time, the club won the Malaysia Cup 15 times in 1961, 1962, 1963, 1966, 1968, 1969, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1976, 1978, 1979, 1981 and 1982 as well as the Malaysia FAM Cup 5 times in 1961, 1962, 1966, 1968 and 1972.

 1983–1989: Ahmad Razali Mohd Ali era 
Tan Sri Ahmad Razali Mohd Ali, who was the Chief Minister of Selangor at that time became FAS President from 1983 to 1989. In the 1984 Malaysian League season, under his leadership Selangor won their first ever Malaysian top division football league title, a league that was first introduced with a winner's trophy in 1982. Additionally, Selangor also won the Malaysia Cup in 1984 to achieve a historic league and cup double, a first in the history of Malaysian football.
The club also won the Malaysia Cup in 1986 where club legends Mokhtar Dahari and R. Arumugam made their final appearances in a Malaysia Cup Final. In 1989, the club also won the rebranded Semi-Pro League Division 1 that replaced the Malaysian League as the country's top-flight football league and in turn was the final trophy under Ahmad Razali's leadership.

 1990–1995: All-New Stadium and Wisma FAS 
After a series of successes for the club, the FAS decided to end the club's tenure at Stadium Merdeka to fulfill the ambitions of the club. As a result, an all-new stadium development had to be approved and built. Finally, on January 1, 1990, a groundbreaking ceremony for the new stadium was held in Shah Alam, Selangor. With the construction of the new Shah Alam Stadium, the ground could accommodate up to 80,000 spectators at a time. Its structure is the longest free gate in the world in that era. It also become one of the major landmarks in Shah Alam, Selangor due to its impressive size and design. The stadium has been the home of Selangor since it opened in July 1994, after the club moved from Stadium Merdeka. FAS also moved to their new headquarters in Kelana Jaya, Selangor which was known as Wisma FAS in the mid-1990s. In that time, the club won the Semi-Pro League Division 1 twice in 1989 and 1990, and won the Semi-Pro League Division 2 in 1993 after suffering relegation the year before, as well as a Malaysia FA Cup triumph in 1991, a Malaysia Cup triumph in 1995 and a Malaysia Charity Shield triumph in 1990.

 1996–2010: 17 Trophies Collected 
The period between 1996 and 2010 was Selangor's most successful period despite a relegation in between. In the 1996 season, with Ken Worden as head coach, they won the Malaysia Charity Shield and the Malaysia Cup. The following season, Steve Wicks was appointed as head coach and guided the club to success with a trifecta of trophies in the Malaysia Charity Shield, the Malaysia FA Cup and the Malaysia Cup. Under the guidance of coach K. Rajagopal from 1999 to 2000, Selangor won the 2000 Premier League 1 title, which was the top-flight league in Malaysia at the time and secured their fourth league title. Ken Worden was appointed again and won the Malaysia Charity Shield and the Malaysia Cup in the 2002 season.
In the 2004 season, the club were relegated to the brand new second-division, the Malaysia Premier League. Dollah Salleh was appointed as head coach and won the 2005 Malaysia Premier League, the Malaysia FA Cup and the Malaysia Cup, completing a unique treble and won immediate promotion back to the Malaysia Super League. However, in the following seasons the club did not win any trophies as this was attributed back to the club's poor management.
In the 2009 season, K. Devan was appointed as head coach and also the club manager. It was the first time in the club's history that both roles had been given to the same person. K. Devan is considered to have one of the best managerial records for the club. He won the Malaysia Super League in 2009 and 2010, the 2009 Malaysia FA Cup and the Malaysia Charity Shield in 2009 and 2010, with the 2009 triumphs being the club's second ever double winning season after the 1984 success. As of 2022, 2010 was the last time that the club won the top-flight league in Malaysia, the Malaysia Super League.

 2011–2017: Period of decline 
The club went through in what is considered to be the worst period in their history having gone through 7 different head coaches. However, despite that, in 2015, the club won the Malaysia Cup for a record 33rd time under the management of former player Mehmet Duraković. That tally is still unsurpassed and the club remains as one of the most successful in the competition's history. Affairs off the pitch however were not great as management problems during the tenure of Mohamed Azmin Ali when he led the club as FAS President caused Selangor to vacate their home ground, the Shah Alam Stadium and the internal conflict between Exco members and management of the club also led to a decline in the club's performance on the pitch.

 2018–present: Tengku Amir Shah era 
In July 2018, The Crown Prince of Selangor, Tengku Amir Shah (RMS) was appointed as the new president of FAS. He took over the seat left by Datuk Seri Subahan Kamal. Since Tengku Amir Shah took over the presidency, a lot of effort was made to improve the club. This began a new chapter for the club in the modern day.
In July 2019, they moved to a new 400,000-square foot facility in Section 5, Shah Alam called the Selangor FA Training Centre (now known as Selangor FC Training Centre) which had a three-year lease from the Government of Selangor. The facility also sees the administrative headquarters of the Football Association of Selangor, club administration office, indoor training, training pitches, gym, first team lounge, physio treatment area, locker room as well as enabling the administrators and coaches to be put under one roof.On 9 October 2019, as part of the privatization effort, FAS decided to only manage the U17 squad, U14 squad, U12 squad, the Women's squad and focused on the association's roles in the state of Selangor. The club also took over PKNS FC and acted as a reserve team known as Selangor II and play in the Malaysia Premier League while the existing Selangor U20 and Selangor U18 squads were known as Selangor III & IV. All 3 teams were streamlined and restructured as part of a developmental path to the first-team squad.On 2 October 2020, Selangor announced that their privatisation documentations submission has been approved by the Football Association of Malaysia (FAM). The club who have been operating officially as a football association (FA), revealed that it will be known as Kelab Bolasepak Selangor, Malay for Selangor Football Club (Selangor FC) after the 2020 domestic football season ends in Malaysia, starting from 1 December 2020. The football team was managed by a newly established entity; Red Giants FC Sdn Bhd and the football team was rebranded as Selangor Football Club.

 Brand and identity 

 Crest and colours 
The original emblem that was first created in 1936 as a result of the merger between the Selangor Football Association (SFA) and Selangor Association Football League (SAFL) contained the symbol of the wildebeest (gaurus). In the early 1970s, the FA Selangor symbol the head of the wildebeest was replaced with the flag and coat of arms of Selangor and the English lettering in the FA Selangor emblem was written in Malay.
The crest is shaped like a shield, while the emblem on the upper part of the crest is derived from the Selangor State Council coat of arms. The colour characteristics on the crest is the main colour of the state of Selangor which symbolizes Bravery for red and Royalty for yellow. Both of these colors are linked to the state flag which follows the identity of Selangor. The logo is then completed by featuring the state's blazon on the top of it.

 Reserve teams 
Selangor IISelangor III & IV

 Kits 

From the 1970s onwards, the Selangor team kit was manufactured by various companies including Admiral, Puma, Adidas, Lotto, Kappa and Joma.
From 1985, Selangor was sponsored by various companies including Dunhill, EON, Celcom, Syarikat Bekalan Air Selangor (SYABAS), Telekom Malaysia (TM), and Menteri Besar Incorporated (MBI). Since 2014, the Selangor kit has been sponsored by the government of Selangor under the names of six state government corporations. The company that sponsored the club the longest in its history was Dunhill from 1985 to 2004 with Dunhill having sponsored all the Malaysian clubs during that time before being banned by the Malaysian Health Ministry to decrease the popularity of smoking and tobacco in Malaysia.From the 2019 season, the club kits were produced and sponsored by Spanish sportswear company, Joma which covers the sponsorship of a full jersey set for the Super League squad, Premier League squad, President's Cup squad, Youth Cup squad, men's and women's futsal squad including training sets. Joma's sponsorship also covers clothing for all FAS League referees including travel casual clothing and cash sponsorship to the club. On 23 September 2021, Selangor's official site announced an extended partnership with Joma until the 2023 season.

 Grounds 

 Stadium 
 

Selangor have used several grounds throughout their history. The club's first ground was the MAHA Stadium (collaboration with the Malayan Agri-Horticultural Association) at the intersection of Circular Road (Jalan Tun Razak) and Jalan Ampang, circa 1931 until 1940. Following the aftermath of the Japanese occupation during World War II from 1941 to 1945, the MAHA Stadium was damaged, which made it unusable and was subsequently destroyed. At the same time, Selangor also played at Selangor Club Field (now known as Dataran Merdeka) from their founding in 1936 until the independence of Malaya in 1957.
In September 1956, the club president, and also Malaysia's first Prime Minister, Tunku Abdul Rahman, ordered the construction of the Merdeka Stadium as the new home stadium for the Red Giants and also to celebrate the country's upcoming independence as well. The stadium finished construction on 21 August 1957 and was inaugurated on 31 August 1957, the day the Federation of Malaya declared independence from British rule. Right after the declaration of independence, the club played their home matches at Merdeka Stadium, which would become the club's home ground for the next 38 years. The first football match took place on 1 September 1957 which saw Malaya defeat Burma 5–2 in a friendly match. In this stadium, which hosted 20,000 spectators, Selangor celebrated its first Malaysian league title in 1984.
After some successes, the club management decided that the Merdeka Stadium was not big enough for the ambitions of the club, and thus a new stadium was built and inaugurated on 16 July 1994. This was the Shah Alam Stadium, which could host an astounding number of up to 80,372 supporters, and became the club's home stadium for 22 years until 2016. The first match at the stadium was played between Selangor and Scottish club Dundee United in an invitational tournament, which resulted in a 1–1 draw, with the first goal being scored by Billy McKinlay. Other teams in the tournament were Bayern Munich, Leeds United, the Australian Olympic team "Olyroos", and Flamengo, who won the tournament.
In 2017, an internal crisis occurred within the club management, which resulted in the resignation of the club's president, Mohamed Azmin Ali, who was also the Menteri Besar of Selangor at the time. The crisis began when executive members of the club reportedly rejected the notion of privatization of Selangor Football Club, which was suggested by the club's president. The crisis forced the club to move to a temporary home ground at the Selayang Stadium after the Selangor state government denied the club access to use their traditional home ground, the Shah Alam Stadium.The following year, the club management of Selangor decided to switch the club's home ground to the Kuala Lumpur Stadium for the 2018 season. The club's president, Subahan Kamal, stated that the Kuala Lumpur Stadium could generate a higher income and that the Selayang Stadium did not meet the needed lighting criteria required by the FMLLP which is organizing body of the football league in Malaysia. Selangor originally proposed to use the club's traditional home ground, the Shah Alam Stadium and the Bukit Jalil National Stadium. However, both applications were rejected by the Selangor state government and the FMLLP respectively, with the latter's reason being that certain matches could collide with the Malaysia national football team's calendar.The club moved back to the Shah Alam Stadium in the middle of the 2018 season after the new president, Tengku Amir Shah was appointed. In early 2020 the home of the Red Giants, the Shah Alam Stadium was closed for 3 years due to major renovation and rebuilding work. In the middle of the 2020 season, Selangor played at the UiTM Stadium as an interim home ground following Shah Alam Stadium's temporary closure. For the 2021 season until present, the club's interim home ground venue is at the MBPJ Stadium.On 15 July 2022, the Menteri Besar of Selangor, Amirudin Shari, stated that the Selangor government have appointed the Malaysian Resources Corporation Berhad (MRCB) to refurbish the stadium and its surrounding sporting facilities with a cost of up to RM787 million, that will start in early 2023.

 Training Centre 
The training facility is located at SUK Sports Complex, Section 5, Shah Alam. The 400,000 square feet training centre named the Selangor FC Training Centre (who formely known as Selangor FA Training Center) was officiated by the president of the club, Tengku Amir Shah in a ceremony attended by the Menteri Besar of Selangor Amirudin Shari, club sponsors, association Exco members and media representatives on 24 July 2019. The facility also has an office complex for the management staff and technical staff, two FIFA sized pitches, gymnasium, physio treatment area, a player lounge, changing room, pantry, etc.Vizione Holdings Berhad, a strategic partner to Selangor was the biggest contributor to the construction of the RM1.5 million facility.

 Social media 
The online presence is believed to be one of the strongest amongst the clubs in Malaysia. Official sites selangorfc.com run by the club include Facebook (Selangor FC), Instagram (@selangorfc) (@rgphysioclinic), YouTube (Selangor FC), Twitter (@selangorfc), TikTok (@selangor_fc), Non-fungible token (selangorfc.com/nft) and Discord (software) (https://discord.com/invite/JT6ThGN3sp) pages which fans can follow and receive the latest information about the club news, match, etc.
Selangor's fans pages officially created and run by fans included:
Facebook - UltraSel Curva, Anak Selangor Fan Club Official, Selangor Soccer Fan Club, Selangor Fans, Selamanya Selangor Red Giants and many more.
Instagram - @ultrasel_ _ , @asfc_official, @selangorsoccerfanclub, selangorfans_official, officialssrg , Twitter @FansSelangor , and many more.

 e-Sports 
On 19 January 2023, Selangor has made history by becoming the first football team in Malaysia to have their own Mobile Legends: Bang Bang (MLBB) team (known as the Yoodo Red Giants) to compete in the Mobile Legends Professional League (MPL) for the 11th season. The announcement ceremony was held at the Selangor FC Training Center, Shah Alam.

 Ownership and finances 
The holding company of Selangor football club, Red Giants FC Sdn. Bhd. is a private limited company, with approximately RM10 million in shares issued by the state government of Selangor as paid-up capital. The club was privatized at the end of the 2019 season. Among the shareholders for management are the current Crown Prince of Selangor, Tengku Amir Shah as majority shareholder, Perbadanan Kemajuan Negeri Selangor (PKNS), Menteri Besar Incorporated (MBI) and the Football Association of Selangor (FAS). The total paid-up capital for this holding company is currently unknown.

 Players 

 First-team squad 
As of 6 February 2024Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Development Squad and Academy 
 
As of 6 February 2024List of Development Squad and Academy players with first team appearances.

Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Club captains 

 Management & coaching staff 

 Management 
As of 9 January 2023

 Current technical staff 
As of 9 January 2023

 Notable managers 

 Former Managers / Head Coaches 

 Head coach 

 Affiliated 
The club affiliated and collaborates to the Football Association of Selangor.

 Records 

 List of seasons 
This is a partial list of the last six seasons completed by the Red Giants. For the full season-by-season history, see List of Selangor F.C. seasons.

 Player records 
As of 31 May, 2023

 Most appearances 

 Top Goalscorers 

 Honours 

s shared record
(** runner-up)

 Doubles and Trebles 
Doubles
League and Malaysia Cup (1): 1984
FA Cup and Malaysia Cup (1): 1997
League and FA Cup (1): 2009
Trebles
League, FA Cup and Malaysia Cup (1): 2005

 Continental record 

 Supporters 
Since their inception in 1936, Selangor have developed a loyal, passionate and dedicated following. The club supporters are recognised for the most their loyalty, and long-supporting fans in Asia.

The fans' song of choice and the most commonly heard is a rendition of Red Yellow (Malay: Merah Kuning). The anthems will play before every match. Ultrasel Curva's most frequently sung song is "Kami Datang Lagi" , "Kau & Aku Selamanya" , "Selangor Sampai Mati", “Ale ale, Selangor ale", "Kaulah Kebanggaan" and "Tentang Perjuangan". Other chants that are always heard are "Come on Selangor", "Inilah Barisan Kita", "You're Obsessed", "Slaughter your enemy" and many more.
Selangor has collaborated with several local artists to produce songs such as on 5 May 1997 with KRU - Viva Selangor. On 28 May 2022, Selangor also collaborated with Altimet in the production of the Third Jersey Kits for the 2022 season and also produced a special album Langgam Gendang Perang as a sign of Altimet's support for his beloved team.
Selangor has various supporters' clubs such as Ultrasel Curva, Selangor Fans Club, Anak Selangor Fan Club and many other small fan clubs that are considered as regulars in the Shah Alam Stadium. Ultrasel Curva is one of the largest supporters group of Selangor. Wherever Selangor play, the group will be there to support. They always gather at the Gate 2 stand in the Shah Alam Stadium which they nicknamed it the Green Curva Nord. Accompanied by the drumline, they will stand and chant passionately for the entire game and wave huge flags occasionally.Selangor Soccer Fans Club is the second largest supporters group of the club. The fan club was formed by a group of loyal Selangor fans from many states that always gather up when the Red Giants play. The main colours for these supporters are red and yellow, which are the official colours for all the fan clubs in the state of Selangor. The fan club's target is to create a football academy with the help and support of former Selangor players such as Shahril Arshad, Jamsari Sabian and many more.Red Giants Team Card is one of the new initiatives to appreciate the 12th player of the club, which are the supporters. The memberships have multiple benefits to the supporters and it also as an entry ticket to the home games matches. The membership needs to be renewed on a yearly basis. The club also actively partakes in using the internet and social media to communicate with the fans.

 Rivalries 

Selangor has a historical derby with Perak and Singapore FA known as the Malayan El Clasico while matches with Kuala Lumpur are known as the Klang Valley Derby. More recently, Selangor developed a rivalry with Johor Darul Ta'zim due to the latter's recent run of success in the 2010s as well as with PKNS before Selangor took over the former to become its feeder team Selangor II to play in the second tier Malaysia Premier League.

 Singapore FA 
The rivalry with Singapore was a football rivalry that occurred between 1921 and 1994. It is the oldest football derby in Malaysia. The rivalry arises from the numerous times the two clubs have battled for the Malaysia Cup title. With 57 titles between them (33 for Selangor and 24 for Singapore) this fixture has become known as one of the finest Malaysia Cup match-ups in history. The rivalry ended in 1994 after the Football Association of Singapore decided to pull out its representative side in the Malaysian football league system due to disputes with the Football Association of Malaysia over gate receipts and concentrate its efforts on the development of local football. The last ever meeting between the two teams was on 10 December 1994 where Selangor and Singapore played out a 2–2 draw in a Malaysia Cup game which Singapore narrowly won 3–2 on aggregate, before going on to win the Malaysia Cup that year. In terms of head-to-head Singapore edge out Selangor with 22 wins to 19 wins but Selangor still lead the overall Malaysia Cup tally with 33 triumphs.

 Kuala Lumpur City 
Kuala Lumpur City (who formely known as Kuala Lumpur FA) have always been Selangor's fierce local rivals. The rivalry occurred due to the two states' geographical locations with the derby contested between the two most developed states in Malaysia; Selangor Darul Ehsan and the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur. The rivalry goes back over 40 years when it started in the 80s. Selangor enjoyed success in the decade with triumphs in the Malaysian League and Malaysia Cup where they won the league in 1984 and the cup four times in 1981, 1982, 1984 and 1986 before Kuala Lumpur became a force in the latter competition with three consecutive Malaysia Cup triumphs from 1987 to 1989, winning the league in 1986 as Federal Territory FA before being renamed as Kuala Lumpur FA in 1987. Selangor then won another league title in 1989 while Kuala Lumpur became only the second team in Malaysian football history to achieve a double when they won the league and the cup in 1988.
The 90s saw mixed fortunes for both sides as Selangor won the league only once in the decade in 1990 before suffering relegations in 1992 and again in 1998, winning immediate promotions on both occasions in 1993 and 1999, but also won the Malaysia Cup three consecutive times from 1995 to 1997 and the Malaysia FA Cup in 1997. Kuala Lumpur meanwhile was becoming cup specialists in the newly formed Malaysia FA Cup as they won the competition in 1993, 1994 and 1999, but success in the league eluded them.
By the turn of the new millennium, the early 2000s saw both Selangor and Kuala Lumpur having contrasting fortunes. Selangor won their first league title in a decade when they took the top flight title in 2000, with Kuala Lumpur winning the Charity Cup that same year. Selangor would enjoy continued success in the Malaysia Cup, winning in 2002 while Kuala Lumpur suffered relegation that same year. By 2004 both teams were playing second division football together when Selangor suffered relegation in 2003, albeit in different groups. Selangor was promoted in 2005, achieving a unique treble in the process by winning the second-tier league, Malaysia Cup and Malaysia FA Cup.
Over the course of the late 2000s the rivalry waned slightly as Selangor solidified its top-flight status with two more league titles in 2009 and 2010 along with an FA Cup triumph in 2009. Kuala Lumpur meanwhile soldiered on in the second division without achieving promotion for the rest of the 2000s. The rivalry was renewed in 2010 when Kuala Lumpur got promoted to the Malaysia Super League after a seven-year spell in the second division, by virtue of Harimau Muda being restricted to playing in the Malaysia Premier League despite winning the title in 2009 and allowing Kuala Lumpur to be promoted. However, Kuala Lumpur's tenure in the top flight was to be short-lived when they were relegated back to the Malaysia Premier League in 2012. The following year, in 2013, Kuala Lumpur was relegated to the then third-tier Malaysia FAM League for the first time in its history. At the end of the 2017 season, Kuala Lumpur were promoted to the Malaysia Super League in 2018 before being relegated again in 2019. The rivalry was finally rekindled once again in 2021 when Kuala Lumpur won promotion again by virtue of Terengganu II finishing second in the 2020 Malaysia Premier League and not being allowed promotion, thus giving the promotion slot to Kuala Lumpur.
The rekindled rivalry came to a head in the 2021 Malaysia Cup Quarter-finals when the renamed Kuala Lumpur City FC beat Selangor FC over two legs to qualify for the semi-finals which resulted in a pitch invasion from the Kuala Lumpur supporters. Kuala Lumpur then went on to win the 2021 Malaysia Cup to win their first Malaysia Cup since 1989, and their first piece of silverware since 2000.

 PKNS 
Prior to being taken over, PKNS were one of Selangor's smaller local rivals. The rivalry occurred due to both clubs being in the same geographical location. However, as part of the privatization process and to restructure football in the state of Selangor, PKNS was absorbed and Selangor II was formed.

 Johor Darul Ta'zim 
In the 2014, Selangor developed a rivalry with Johor Darul Ta'zim. This was due to the latter's run of recent success in the decade to become a powerhouse in the Malaysian footballing scene. Selangor went through a period of decline during Johor Darul Ta'zim's rise until new ownership came to Selangor to revive the team's fortunes.

 See also 
List of Selangor F.C. players
List of Selangor F.C. records and statistics
Klang Valley Derby and Selangor–Singapore rivalry
Selangor F.C. Futsal
Selangor F.C. Women's
Selangor F.C. II
Selangor F.C. III
Selangor F.C. IV
Shah Alam Stadium
Football Association of Selangor

 Footnotes 

 References 

 External links 
Official website 
Current results of Selangor FC matches

Synthetic cannabinoids
Synthetic cannabinoids are a class of designer drug molecules that bind to the same receptors to which cannabinoids (THC, CBD and many others) in cannabis plants attach. These novel psychoactive substances should not be confused with synthetic phytocannabinoids (obtained by chemical synthesis) or synthetic endocannabinoids from which they are in many aspects distinct.Typically, synthetic cannabinoids are sprayed onto plant matter and are usually smoked, although they have also been ingested as a concentrated liquid form in the US (United States) and UK (United Kingdom) since 2016. They have been marketed as herbal incense, or "herbal smoking blends", and sold under common names like K2, spice, and synthetic marijuana. They are often labeled "not for human consumption" for liability defense. A large and complex variety of synthetic cannabinoids are designed in an attempt to avoid legal restrictions on cannabis, making synthetic cannabinoids designer drugs.Most synthetic cannabinoids are agonists of the cannabinoid receptors. They have been designed to be similar to THC, the natural cannabinoid with the strongest binding affinity to the CB1 receptor, which is linked to the psychoactive effects or "high" of marijuana. These synthetic analogs often have greater binding affinity and greater potency to the CB1 receptors. There are several synthetic cannabinoid families (e.g. AM-xxx, CP-xx,xxx, HU-xx, JWH-xxx) which are classified by the creator of the substance (e.g. JWH stands for John W. Huffman), which can include several substances with different base structures such as classical cannabinoids and unrelated naphthoylindoles.Synthetic marijuana compounds began to be manufactured and sold in the early 2000s. From 2008 to 2014, 142 synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists were reported to the European Monitoring-Center for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA).Reported user negative effects include palpitations, paranoia, intense anxiety, nausea, vomiting, confusion, poor coordination, and seizures. There have also been reports of a strong compulsion to re-dose, withdrawal symptoms, and persistent cravings. There have been several deaths linked to synthetic cannabinoids. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) found that the number of deaths from synthetic cannabinoid use tripled between 2014 and 2015. In 2018, the United States Food and Drug Administration warned of significant health risks from synthetic cannabinoid products that contain the rat poison brodifacoum, which is added because it is thought to extend the duration of the drugs' effects. Severe illnesses and death have resulted from this contamination.

 Synthetic cannabinoid products 
Synthetic cannabinoids reagent testing kits have recently become economical. It is often difficult to determine what is in these products without reagent testing because masking agents, such as tocopherol (or vitamin E acetate that causes vaping-associated pulmonary injury), eugenol, and fatty acids, are added to confound identification. Just as the synthetic cannabinoid(s) used differ between each synthetic cannabinoid product sold, so do the other contents of the counterfeit product.

 Counterfeit black market cannabis products 

Counterfeit cannabis-liquid (c-liquid) for e-cigarettes: Synthetic cannabinoids are increasingly offered in e-cigarette form as "c-liquid". Several schoolchildren in Greater Manchester collapsed after vaping synthetic cannabinoids mis-sold as THC e-liquid.
Counterfeit cannabis buds: Hemp buds (or low-potency cannabis buds) laced with synthetic cannabinoids.
Counterfeit cannabis edible: The Florida Poison Information Center in Jacksonville warned parents in September 2020 that the number of people poisoned by fake marijuana edibles and candies has tripled.
Counterfeit hashish: From December 2018, different samples of hashish have been found to contain synthetic cannabinoids.

 Counterfeit CBD products 

Synthetic cannabinoids appear in many CBD brands in products such as gummy bears and vape cartridges.

 "Herb/incense" blends 

 Synthetic cannabinoids found in herb blends 
Synthetic cannabinoid components of ‘Spice’ (a non-exhaustive list):

 Non-cannabinoid chemicals found in herb blends 
Most blends consist of synthetic cannabinoids sprayed onto inert vegetable matter, but some contain other psychoactive substances, including psychoactive herbs, e.g., wild dagga and indian warrior, and psychoactive alkaloids, e.g., betonicine, aporphine, leonurine, nuciferine, and nicotine. Some synthetic cannabinoids products have also been found to contain synthetic opioids. For example, in 2010, nine people died due to the combination of O-desmethyltramadol, a μ-opioid agonist and analgesic drug, and kratom, an Asiatic medicinal plant containing mitragynine, another μ-opioid agonist, in a synthetic cannabinoid product called "Krypton". And in 2013, AH-7921 was detected in smoking blends in Japan. In 2018, there was an outbreak of synthetic cannabinoids contaminated with anticoagulants, mainly brodifacoum, in at least 11 states in the US that caused coagulopathy (prolonged or excessive bleeding) and resulted in the treatment of over 300 people and at least eight deaths.One of the most common non-cannabinoid ingredients in these products is oleamide, a fatty acid derivative that acts similarly to a cannabinoid and has hypnotic properties. Analysis of 44 products synthetic cannabinoid revealed oleamide in 7 of the products tested. Other non-cannabinoid ingredients that have been found in synthetic cannabinoid blends include harmine and harmaline, reversible monoamine oxidase inhibitors, which have been found with myristicin and asarone; substituted cathinone derived stimulant drugs such as 4-methylbuphedrone and 4'-methyl-alpha-PPP; and psychedelic tryptamine derivatives such as 4-OH-DET.

 Herbs labeled on packages marketed as legal high 
Packages of synthetic cannabinoid products can claim to contain a wide array of plants. However, oftentimes, none of the listed ingredients have been detectable.
Herbal components of ‘Spice’ (a non-exhaustive list):

 Naming synthetic cannabinoids 
Many of the early synthetic cannabinoids that were synthesized for use in research were named after either the scientist who first synthesized them or the institution or company where they originated.

Some of the names of synthetic cannabinoids synthesized for recreational use were given names to help market the products. For example, AKB-48 (also known as APINACA) is also the name of a popular Japanese girl band; 2NE1 (also known as APICA) is also a South Korean girl band; and XLR-11 was named after the first USA-developed liquid fuel rocket for aircraft. Now many synthetic cannabinoids are assigned names derived from their four main structural components, core, tail, linker, and linked group, where the name is formatted as LinkedGroup-TailCoreLinker. For example, in 5F-MDMB-PINACA (also known as 5F-ADB), 5F stands for the terminal fluorine or "fluorine on carbon 5" of the pentyl chain; MDMB stands for "methyl-3,3-dimethyl butanoate", the linked group; and PINACA stands for "pentyl chain (tail) indazole (core) carboxamide (linker)".

 Common names 
Use of the term "synthetic marijuana" to describe products containing synthetic cannabinoids is controversial and, according to Lewis Nelson, a medical toxicologist at the NYU School of Medicine, a mistake. Nelson claims that relative to marijuana, products containing synthetic cannabinoids "are really quite different, and the effects are much more unpredictable. It's dangerous". Since the term synthetic does not apply to the plant, but rather to the cannabinoid that the plant contains (THC), the term synthetic cannabinoid is more appropriate.Nearly 700 "herbal incense" blends exist. They are often called "synthetic marijuana", "natural herbs", "herbal incense", or "herbal smoking blends" and often labeled "not for human consumption". In some Spanish-speaking countries, such as Chile and Argentina, such preparations are often referred to as cripy.
According to the Psychonaut Web Mapping Research Project, synthetic cannabinoids, sold under the brand name Spice, were first released in 2005 by the now-dormant company the Psyche Deli in London. In 2006, the brand gained popularity. According to the Financial Times, the assets of the Psyche Deli rose from £65,000 in 2006 to £899,000 in 2007. The EMCDDA reported in 2009 that Spice products were identified in 21 of the 30 participating countries.

 Neocannabinoids 
Because of these controversies, and in particular the difficulty to distinguish natural cannabinoids obtained in laboratory (for example, CBD or synthetic THC) from artificial novel synthetic cannabinoid analog compounds not present in nature (like nabilone, Spice, the HU, JWH series, etc.), the term "neocannabinoid" has been proposed to name the latter.

 Uses 
Synthetic cannabinoids were made for cannabinoid research focusing on tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), cannabinoid receptors, and the endocannabinoids that activate them in the body. Synthetic cannabinoids were needed partly due to legal restrictions on natural cannabinoids, which make them difficult to obtain for research. Many have been useful because they bind selectively to either the CB1 or CB2 receptors, whereas THC has a similar affinity for both. Tritium-labelled cannabinoids such as CP-55,940 were instrumental in discovering the cannabinoid receptors in the early 1990s.Some early synthetic cannabinoids were also used clinically. Nabilone, a first generation synthetic THC analog, has been used as an antiemetic to combat vomiting and nausea since 1981. Synthetic THC (marinol, dronabinol) has been used as an antiemetic since 1985, and an appetite stimulant since 1991, although synthetic THC is often not listed among the "synthetic cannabinoids" but as a "synthetic phytocannabinoid".In the early 2000s, synthetic cannabinoids began to be used for recreational drug use in an attempt to get similar effects to cannabis. Because synthetic cannabinoid molecular structures differ from THC and other illegal cannabinoids, synthetic cannabinoids were not technically illegal. Since the discovery of the use of synthetic cannabinoids for recreational use in 2008, some synthetic cannabinoids have been made illegal, but new analogs are continually synthesized to avoid the restrictions. Synthetic cannabinoids have also been used recreationally because they are inexpensive and are typically not revealed by the standard marijuana drug tests. Unlike nabilone, the synthetic cannabinoids found being used for recreational use did not have any documented therapeutic effects.

 Toxicity 
Because they activate the cannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptors, many of the effects of synthetic cannabinoids are similar to those of THC. These are achieved at lower doses, because many synthetic cannabinoids are more potent than marijuana, and users are often unaware of exactly what they are getting and how potent it is. For example, Δ9-THC has an EC50 of 250 nM at CB1 and 1157 nM at CB2, whereas PB-22 has an EC50 of 5.1 nM at CB1 and 37 nM at CB2. Adverse effects observed due to synthetic cannabinoid use include acute kidney injury, cardiac toxicity, seizure, stroke, tremor, hypokalemia, and rhabdomyolysis. Some negative effects of 5F-PB-22 reported by users included nausea, vomiting, confusion, poor coordination, anxiety, and seizures. Some of the negative effects of 5F-AKB-48 reported by users included palpitations, paranoia, intense anxiety, and a taste like burned plastic. In addition, while there are no fatal overdose cases linked to marijuana, there are deaths linked to synthetic cannabinoids each year. The most common mechanisms leading to death following synthetic cannabinoid use include behavioral risks, such as self-harm and suicide, falling from a height, and wandering into traffic; cardiovascular effects; and central nervous system depression.Researchers have pointed out a few ways that synthetic cannabinoids differ from marijuana, and therefore may be more dangerous. First, they often have greater intrinsic activity. Many of the synthetic cannabinoids are full agonists of the cannabinoids receptors, CB1 and CB2, compared to THC, which is only a partial agonist. Secondly, they may have other actions in the body, in addition to activating cannabinoid receptors. Some may work on NMDA glutamate receptors. Some may also work on serotonin, either indirectly by inhibiting MAO and increasing 5-HT1A expression, or by directly binding to serotonin receptors, including the 5-HT1A and 5-HT3 subtypes; some researchers speculate that this activity may be because the indole moiety that some synthetic cannabinoids possess is similar to the structure of serotonin. Third, synthetic cannabinoids may break down into metabolites, or create other by-products when heated, that may differ from marijuana. Phase 1 metabolism of JWH-018 results in at least nine monohydroxylated metabolites, three of which have been shown to be full agonists of the CB1 receptors, compared to the metabolism of THC, which only results in one psychoactive monohydroxylated metabolite. The metabolite N-(3-hydroxypentyl) JWH-018 was found to have toxic effects that its parent compound does not. Some metabolites even appear to be cannabinoid antagonists. Lastly, they may contain unwanted substances, be mislabeled, or contain different doses than advertised (in one analysis, a difference of one log unit was found).No official studies have been conducted on the effects of synthetic cannabinoids on humans (as is often the case with illegal and potentially toxic compounds); however, user reports and the effects experienced by patients seeking medical care after taking synthetic cannabinoids have been published. Each of the many different synthetic cannabinoids can have different effects at different dosages. The CDC described synthetic cannabinoid overdoses between 2010 and 2015 and of 277 drug overdose patients who reported synthetic cannabinoid as the sole agent, 66.1% reported problems in the central nervous system (e.g., agitation, coma, toxic psychosis), 17% reported cardiovascular problems (e.g., tachycardia, bradycardia), 7.6% reported pulmonary problems (5.4% of which had respiratory depression), and 4% reported acute kidney injury.Four postmortem cases linked to the synthetic cannabinoids 5F-PB-22 have been reviewed. The postmortem blood specimens contained a range of 1.1–1.5 ng/mL of 5F-PB-22. Three of the four cases were sudden episodes and the symptoms leading to death included acute shortness of breath; vasocongestion in the liver, spleen, and kidneys; bilateral pulmonary edema; dead inflamed tissue (necrotizing granulomatous inflammation); and congestion of most internal organs. The fourth case presented to the hospital with severe problems that deteriorated over the course of a day, ending with circulatory, respiratory, central nervous system, and renal failure.

 Addiction 
There have been reports of a strong compulsion to re-dose, withdrawal symptoms, and persistent cravings lasting up to a week after taking synthetic cannabinoids, indicating that synthetic cannabinoids may be more addictive than marijuana.

 Psychosis 
Studies are currently available that suggest an association between synthetic cannabinoids and psychosis. The use of synthetic cannabinoids can be associated with psychosis and physicians are beginning to investigate if some patients with inexplicable psychotic symptoms may have at one point used synthetic cannabinoids. In contrast to most other recreational drugs, the dramatic psychotic state induced by use of synthetic cannabinoids has been reported, in multiple cases, to persist for several weeks, and in one case for seven months, after complete cessation of drug use. Some studies suggest that not only can synthetic cannabinoids induce psychosis, but they can worsen previously stable psychotic disorders and might trigger a chronic (long-term) psychotic disorder among vulnerable individuals such as those with a family history of mental illness. Individuals with risk factors for psychotic disorders are often counseled against using synthetic cannabinoids. Psychiatrists have suggested that the lack of an antipsychotic chemical, like CBD in natural cannabis, may make synthetic cannabinoids more likely to induce psychosis than natural cannabis.

 Structural classifications 

There are five major categories for synthetic cannabinoids: classical cannabinoids, non-classical cannabinoids, hybrid cannabinoids, aminoalkylindoles, and eicosanoids. Classical cannabinoids are analogs of THC that are based on a dibenzopyran ring. They were developed starting in the 1960s, following the isolation of THC, and were originally the only cannabinoids synthesized. Classical cannabinoids include nabilone and dronabinol, and one of the best known synthetic classical cannabinoids is HU-210. HU-210 is a chiral compound first synthesized by Raphael Mechoulam at Hebrew University in the 1980s. It was discovered in herbal incense products by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection in January 2009; however, classical cannabinoids are not often seen in synthetic cannabinoid blends for recreational use, likely because they are difficult to synthesize.Non-classical cannabinoids include cyclohexylphenols (CP), which were first synthesized in the late 1970s to 1980s by Pfizer as potential analgesics. The C8 homologue of CP-47,497 (CP-47,497-C8) was one of the first synthetic cannabinoids being used recreationally. CP-47,497-C8 is made by extending the dimethylheptyl side chain of CP-47,497 to a dimethyloctyl side chain. It was discovered by forensic scientists in a herbal blend known as "Spice" in 2008, along with JWH-018, an aminoalkylindole.Hybrid cannabinoids have a combination of classical and non-classical cannabinoid structural features. For example, AM-4030, a derivative of HU-210, is a hybrid cannabinoid because it has the dibenzopyran ring common of classical cannabinoids and an aliphatic hydroxyl group common in the CP family of nonclassical cannabinoids.Aminoalkylindoles are structurally dissimilar to THC and include naphthoylindoles (JWH-018), phenylacetylindoles (JWH-250), and benzoylindoles (AM-2233). Aminoalkylindoles are considered to be the most common synthetic cannabinoids found in synthetic cannabinoid blends, likely due to the fact that these molecules are easier to synthesize than classical and non-classical cannabinoids. The JWH molecules were first synthesized by John William Huffman at Clemson University in the late 1990s. The FBI concluded in a 2012 memo that as a result of the publication of J.W. Huffman's research, people searching for a "marijuana-like-high" would follow his recipes and methods.Eicosanoid synthetic cannabinoids are analogs of endocannabinoids, such as anandamide. Endocannabinoids are cannabinoids naturally occurring in the body. One of the best known synthetic analogs of anandamide is methanandamide.The synthetic cannabinoids that have emerged recently have even greater structural diversity, possibly to subvert legal regulations on earlier generations of synthetic cannabinoids. There are a few different structural classifications of synthetic cannabinoids that include many of the new structures, some of which are shown in table one. The indazole carboxamide group, including APINACA (AKB-48), an adamantyl indazole carboxamide, and AB-PINACA, an aminocarbonyl indazole carboxamide, is an example of a new group of synthetic cannabinoids. Most clandestine manufacturers and producers only make small changes to the structure of a synthetic cannabinoid, such as changing an indole to indazole structure (AM-2201 to THJ-2201) or terminal fluorine replacement; however, one group that was unprecedented when discovered by forensic scientists in 2013, was the quinolinyl ester synthetic cannabinoids.PB-22 and 5F-PB-22 were the first synthetic cannabinoids to include a quinoline substructure and an ester linkage. These compounds are thought to have been synthesized with the intention of making a synthetic cannabinoid prodrug, which might improve absorption and confound detection. Ester bonds are easily biodegradable through spontaneous or endogenous, nonspecific esterase hydrolysis, which has been commonly used in medicinal chemistry to make ester prodrugs. The reason for the change to the quinolone substructure is unknown, but it may have been found to be a suitable replacement for the naphthoyl moiety that is currently regulated by US scheduling laws.Although most synthetic cannabinoids are not direct analogs of THC, they share many common features with THC. Most are lipid-soluble, non-polar, small molecules (usually 20–26 carbon atoms) that are fairly volatile, making them "smokable", like THC. Another common feature of most synthetic cannabinoids and THC is a side-chain of five to nine saturated carbon atoms. It has been found that this chain of carbons is required for optimal psychotropic activity from binding CB1 receptors. Also, most synthetic cannabinoids are agonists of both cannabinoid receptors, CB1 and CB2, like THC; however, they often have greater binding affinity and therefore greater potency than THC, as seen in table two. Due to the greater potency, the standard doses of many synthetic cannabinoids may be less than 1 mg.

 Stereospecificity 
Most classical, non-classical, and hybrid synthetic cannabinoids have stereospecificity (one stereoisomer is usually much more potent than the other(s)). For example, HU-210 is the (–) enantiomer of 11-OH-Δ8-THC-DMH and a full agonist of the CB1 receptor; the (+) enantiomer of 11-OH-D8-THC-DMH, known as HU-211, is a NMDA receptor antagonist and is largely inactive as a cannabinoid. On the other hand, aminoalkylindoles, eicosanoids, and the other new synthetic cannabinoid groups typically do not have an asymmetric center, so they are usually not stereospecific.

 Fluorination of terminal carbon 
Recently there has been an increase in the emergence of terminally fluorinated synthetic cannabinoids, such as 5F-PB-22 (fluorinated version of PB-22) and XLR-11 (fluorinated version of UR-144). South Korea's National Forensic Service reported that 90% of all seized synthetic cannabinoids in 2013 were fluorinated, compared to no fluorinated synthetic cannabinoids reported in 2010. 5F-derivations (terminal fluorination) of the synthetic cannabinoids have been found to be about 2-5 times more potent at CB1 receptors than their un-fluorinated counterparts, as shown in table two.

 Detection in bodily fluids 
Synthetic cannabinoids are typically not identified by the standard marijuana drug tests including the immunoassay test (EMIT), GC-MS screening, and multi-target screening by LC-GC/MS because those tests only detect the presence of THC and its metabolites. Although most synthetic cannabinoids are analogs of THC, they are structurally different enough that, for example, the specific antibodies in the EMIT for marijuana do not bind to them. Also, due to their high potency, a very small dose of synthetic cannabinoids is used; moreover, synthetic cannabinoids are highly metabolized by the body, so the window to detect the parent drug (the synthetic cannabinoid itself) in blood and oral fluid is very small.Serum concentrations of synthetic cannabinoids are generally in the 1–10 μg/L range during the first few hours after recreational usage and the metabolites are usually present in urine at similar concentrations. Little to no parent drug is present in urine, so there is a lot of research to try and identify the major urinary metabolites that could be used as markers of synthetic cannabinoid intake. The major urinary metabolites in most cases are formed by oxidation of the alkyl side-chain to an alcohol and carboxylic acid followed by glucuronide conjugation and also by N-dealkylation and aromatic hydroxylation. For example, the main metabolites of JWH-018, of which there are over 20, include carboxylated, monohydroxylated, dihydroxylated, and trihydroxylated metabolites, but they are mostly excreted in urine as glucuronide conjugates. The presence of synthetic cannabinoids or their metabolites in bodily fluids may be determined using specifically targeted commercially available immunoassay screening methods (EMIT), while liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry is most often used for confirmation and quantitation. There are commercially available EMIT kits for the screening of the synthetic cannabinoids JWH-018, JWH-073, JWH-398, JWH-200, JWH-019, JWH-122, JWH-081, JWH-250, JWH-203, CP-47,497, CP-47,497-C8, HU-210, HU-211, AM-2201, AM-694, RCS-4, and RCS-8 through companies like NMS Labs, Cayman Chemical, and Immunoanalysis Corporation.

 Notable incidents 

 New Zealand 
In September 2018, at least 10 people overdosed on a synthetic cannabinoid, either AMB-FUBINACA or AB, in Christchurch over two days. Some of the people were in critical condition in the Intensive Care Unit.

 United States 
On October 20, 2011, the Louisiana State University football program announced that it had suspended three players, including star cornerback Tyrann Mathieu, who tested positive for synthetic cannabinoids.In the autumn of 2014, more than two thousand Spice consumers in Russia sought medical attention, one-thousand were admitted to hospitals, and 40 people died.On July 12, 2016, 33 people were intoxicated by an herbal "incense" product called "AK-47 24 Karat Gold", and dozens overdosed, in Brooklyn. 18 people were transported to local hospitals. The herbal "incense" product was determined to be a synthetic cannabinoid called AMB-FUBINACA.Since March 2018, Illinois, Wisconsin, Maryland, and 8 other states in the United States have had an outbreak of severe bleeding caused by a synthetic cannabinoid contaminated with brodifacoum, a rat poison that causes bleeding. Illinois was hit the hardest and on April 5, 2018, the CDC issued a Clinical Action alert to health care providers across the United States advising of 89 confirmed cases of "serious unexplained bleeding" in Illinois. The cases are still being studied; however, 63 of the patients reported synthetic cannabinoid use, and laboratory analysis confirmed brodifacoum was present in at least 18 patients. As of April 24, 2018, 153 cases, including four deaths, linked to this outbreak have been reported to the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) since March 7, 2018. On September 18, 2018, the Wisconsin Department of Health Services confirmed 16 more cases, bringing the total number of people affected by the outbreak in Wisconsin to 80 people since March 2018, including one death in July 2018.In August 2018, there were almost one hundred overdose cases reported over two days in New Haven, Connecticut from a bad batch of K2. The synthetic cannabinoid was believed to have been mixed with fentanyl, although no fentanyl was identified in samples of the drug tested by the DEA.From September 21–22, 2018, almost 50 people overdosed and two people died in the Kensington area of Philadelphia. Officials believed the cause to be a combination of heroin or fentanyl and a synthetic cannabinoid. This same area in Philadelphia had 155 people overdose and 10 people die from a combination of heroin, fentanyl, and a synthetic cannabinoid called 5F-ADB over one weekend in July 2018. The Department of Public Health released that they believe "5F-ADB was the primary cause of the cluster of patients with these adverse drug reactions."On December 10, 2021, the Hillsborough County, Florida department of health reported cases of "rat poison" contaminated synthetic blends linked to symptoms associated with coagulopathy, a condition where the blood's ability to clot is impaired. 2 deaths and over 41 hospitalizations have been directly linked to this specific outbreak as of December 16, 2021.

 Research 

 Vaping-associated pulmonary injury 
Synthetic cannabinoids have been speculated to be involved in vaping-associated pulmonary injury (VAPI).

 Legal restrictions and regional availability 
Synthetic cannabinoids are not previewed, restricted, banned or controlled in most countries, this is because they are not fiscalized at international level, 
therefore they are legal or uncontrolled in the most parts of the world as long as they are not sold for human consumption, they can be sold and supplied like research chemicals for medical or industrial purposes and can be sold without it being a crime, and there does exist pharmaceutal laboratories and pharmaceutical companies that sell, trade and supply this products by the Internet without having legal issues or legal obstacles to be able to do so.

 Europe 

 Austria 
The Austrian Ministry of Health announced on December 18, 2008, that Spice would be controlled under Paragraph 78 of their drug-law on the grounds that it contains an active substance that affects the functions of the body, and the legality of JWH-018 is under review.

 Germany 
JWH-018, CP 47,497 and the C6, C8, and C9 homologues of CP 47,497 have been illegal in Germany since January 22, 2009. Since November 26, 2016 about 80-90% of the substances belonging to the group of synthetic cannabinoids are illegal in Germany as the law does not cover all chemical structures.

 France 
JWH-018, CP 47,497 (and its homologues), and HU-210 were all made illegal in France on February 24, 2009.

 Ireland 
From June 2010, JWH-018, along with a variety of other designer drugs, has been illegal.

 Latvia 
JWH-018, JWH-073, CP 47,497 (and its homologues), and HU-210 as well as leonotis leonurus have been all banned in Latvia since 2005. After the first confirmed lethal case from the use of legal drugs in late 2013, parliament significantly increased the number of temporarily banned substances used in Spice and similar preparations. On April 3, 2014, parliament made selling of the temporarily banned substances a criminal offense.

 Poland 
JWH-018 and many of the herbs mentioned on the ingredient lists of Spice and similar preparations were made illegal in May 2009. The bill was passed by Polish Sejm and Polish Senat and was signed by the President.

 Romania 
Spice was made illegal in Romania on February 15, 2010. As on 12 September 2018 Spice was made legal for personal use. A new law is being discussed to make spice illegal for personal use again.

 Russia 
On April 9, 2009, the Chief Medical Officer of the Russian Federation issued a resolution on reinforcing control over the sales of smoking-blends. These blends, marketed under the trade names AM-HI-CO, Dream, Spice (Gold, Diamond), Zoom, Ex-ses, Yucatán Fire and others, have been declared to contain Salvia divinorum, Hawaiian wood rose, and blue lotus, and are prohibited to be sold. These substances have been found to have "psychotropic, narcotic effects, contain poisonous components and represent potential threat for humans". The resolution does not mention JWH-018 or other synthetic cannabinoids. On January 14, 2010, the Russian government issued a statement including 23 synthetic cannabinoids found in smoking blends Hawaiian Rose and Blue Lotus on the list of prohibited narcotic and psychotropic substances.About 780 new psychoactive substances were added to the list from 2011 to 2014. The drug-makers avoided all the bans by making slight changes to the drugs. In the autumn of 2014, more than two-thousand Spice consumers in Russia sought medical attention, one-thousand were admitted to hospitals, and 40 people died On October 30, 2014, President Vladimir Putin brought in a bill that increased the penalty for selling or consuming smoking blends from a fine to up to eight years in prison.

 Slovakia 
Spice is legal in Slovakia. The National Anti-Drug Unit is considering adding it to the list of controlled substances. The latest anti-drug law version (468/2009) valid since January 2010 does not mention active compounds of Spice.

 Spain 
Spice is unregulated in Spain. For this reason, Spice is available in grow shop stores or cannabis related stores, and it can be bought and shipped online without any legal impediment from those kind of stores.

 Sweden 
CP 47,497-C6, CP 47,497-C7, CP 47,497-C8, CP 47,497-C9, JWH-018, JWH-073, and HU-210 were all made illegal in Sweden on September 15, 2009. The bill was accepted on July 30, 2009, and was put in effect on September 15, 2009.

 Switzerland 
Spice has been banned in Switzerland.

 Turkey 
Spice, which is colloquially called bonzai in Turkey, was added to the list of drugs and psychotropic substances on July 1, 2011, by the law numbered as 2011–1310 B.K.K. (February 13, 2011 and the Official Gazette No. 27845).

 United Kingdom 
The UK controls synthetic cannabinoids by analog under the Misuse of Drugs Act, 1971 as Class B drugs. Until 2016, synthetic cannabinoids were legally sold in head shops, although the exact compounds available changed over time based on the legislation. The UK saw three generations of synthetic cannabinoids within five years where the second and third generations emerged in response to amendments to the Misuse of Drugs Act, 1971, Order 2009 and Order 2013, which classified many first and second generation synthetic cannabinoids as Class B drugs. There were two additional amendments in 2016 and 2019, which included in the analog controls many of the most popular synthetic cannabinoids circulating at the time. In May 2016, the Psychoactive Substances Act was enacted, which made illegal the production, distribution, sale, supply, and possession in correctional institutions of any substance for human consumption with psychoactive effects. This stopped the open sale of synthetic cannabinoids in head shops, although they are still found in use.

 North America 

 Canada 
Spice is not specifically prohibited in Canada, but synthetic cannabis mimics are listed as a schedule II drug. Schedule II to the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act makes reference to specific synthetic compounds JWH-XXX and AM-XXXX, although is not limiting to those identified. Health Canada is debating the subject. Schedule II has consisted entirely of synthetic cannabinoids since October 2018; these remain illegal following the removal from the schedule of cannabis and its constituents derived from nature.

 United States 
The case of David Mitchell Rozga, an American teenager from Indianola, Iowa, brought international attention to K2. Rozga shot himself in the head with a family-owned hunting rifle in an apparent suicide on June 6, 2010. After news of Rozga's death, it was reported by friends that they had smoked K2 with Rozga approximately one hour before his death. The nature of his death and reports from numerous family members, led investigators to suspect that Rozga was under the influence of a mind-altering substance when he died. The death of Rozga influenced political lobbying against K2, and other legal synthetic drugs such as bath salts. Following the incident, the "David Mitchell Rozga Act" to ban the use and distribution of K2 was introduced by Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley. It was passed by the United States Congress in June 2011. On July 10, 2012, President Barack Obama signed the Synthetic Drug Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 into law. It banned synthetic compounds commonly found in synthetic marijuana, placing them under Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act.Prior to that, some synthetic cannabis compounds (HU-210) were scheduled in the US under federal law, while others (JWH-073) were temporarily scheduled until final determination of their status could be made. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) considered K2 to be a "drug of concern", citing "a surge in emergency-room visits and calls to poison-control centers. Adverse health effects associated with its use include seizures, hallucinations, paranoid behavior, agitation, anxiety, nausea, vomiting, racing heartbeat, and elevated blood pressure."Several states independently passed acts making it illegal under state law, including Kansas in March 2010, Georgia and Alabama in May 2010, Tennessee and Missouri in July 2010, Louisiana in August 2010, Mississippi in September 2010, and Iowa. An emergency order was passed in Arkansas in July 2010 banning the sale of synthetic cannabis mimics. In October 2010, the Oregon Board of Pharmacy listed synthetic cannabinoid chemicals on its Schedule 1 of controlled substance, which means that the sale and possession of these substances is illegal under the Oregon Uniform Controlled Substances Act. According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, several other states also considered legislation, including New Jersey, New York, Florida, and Ohio. Illinois passed a law on July 27, 2010, banning all synthetic cannabinoids as of January 1, 2011. Michigan banned synthetic cannabinoids in October 2010, and the South Dakota Legislature passed a ban on these products which was signed into law by Gov. Dennis Daugaard on February 23, 2012 (and which took immediate effect under an emergency clause of the state constitution). Indiana banned synthetic cannabinoids in a law which became effective in March 2012. North Carolina banned synthetic cannabis mimics by a unanimous vote of the state senate, due to concerns that its contents and effects are reasonably similar to cannabis, and may cause equal effects in terms of psychological dependency.Following cases in Japan involving the use of synthetic cannabinoids by navy, army and marine corps personnel, they were officially banned. A punitive general order issued on January 4, 2010, by the Commander Marine Corps Forces, Pacific prohibits the actual or attempted possession, use, sale, distribution and manufacture of synthetic cannabis mimics as well as any derivative, analogue or variant of it. On June 8, 2010, the US Air Force issued a memorandum that banned the possession and use of Spice, or any other mood-altering substance except alcohol or tobacco, among its service members.Usage among 8th, 10th, and 12th graders has been decreasing since 2011, while use of botanical marijuana has remained stable. There are important regional differences, with large declines in the Western and Southern US, and increases in the Northeast and Midwest.

 Dronabinol 
Exceptional are synthetic ∆9-THC (dronabinol) -containing FDA-approved drug products with a currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States, such as Syndros and Marinol, which are, respectively, under Schedule II and Schedule III of the CSA.

 South America 

 Chile 
The Chilean Ministry of Health on April 24, 2009, declared the sale of synthetic cannabis mimics to be illegal.

 Asia 

 South Korea 
South Korea officially added JWH-018, CP 47,497 and HU-210 to the controlled substance list on July 1, 2009, effectively making these chemicals illegal.

 Indonesia 
Tembakau Gorilla (Gorilla Tobacco), a catch-all term for synthetic cannabinoids blended in tobacco products, were listed as Class I Narcotics with no therapeutic use in 2017.

 Japan 
Japan has banned JWH-018, CP 47, 497, and homologues, and HU-210 since October 2009.

 United Arab-Emirates 
The United Arab Emirates had stated that Spice is an illegal substance and possession or intent to sell is a jailable offense.

 Australasia 

 Australia 
On June 17, 2011, the Western Australian government banned all of the synthetic cannabinoids found in already existing products, including brands such as Kronic, Kalma, Voodoo, Kaos, and Mango Kush. Western Australia was the first state in Australia to prohibit the sale of certain synthetic cannabinoids. On June 18, 2013, an interim ban made a large list of product brands and synthetic substances illegal to sell anywhere in Australia. This ban lapsed on October 13, 2013, and a permanent ban has not been imposed. Synthetic cannabinoids and related products remain illegal in NSW, where a bill was passed on September 18, 2013, that bans entire families of synthetic drugs instead of only banning existing compounds that have been identified. The introduction of this law makes NSW the first state in Australia to completely ban substances with psychoactive properties.

 New Zealand 
Synthetic Cannabinoids are illegal in New Zealand, it is classified as a Class A controlled drug. The New Zealand Parliament passed a law in July 2013 banning the sale of legal highs in dairies and supermarkets, but allowing some "low risk" drugs to continue to be sold through speciality licensed shops. Synthetic cannabinoids, as well as all other legal highs were outlawed at midnight on 7 May 2014, after a law was passed a week prior by the New Zealand government.An analysis of 41 different synthetic cannabis mimic blends sold commercially in New Zealand, conducted by the Institute of Environmental Science and Research and released in July 2011, found 11 different synthetic cannabinoid ingredients used, including JWH-018, JWH-073, AM-694, AM-2201, RCS-4, RCS-4 butyl homologue, JWH-210, JWH-081, JWH-250 (or possibly JWH-302, isomer not determined), JWH-203, and JWH-122—with between one and five different active ingredients, though JWH-018 was present in 37 of the 41 blends tested. In two brands, the benzodiazepine anxiolytic drug phenazepam was also found, which is classified as a prescription medicine in New Zealand, and these brands were ordered to be removed from the market by emergency recall. Since this time, a further 15 cannabinoid compounds have been detected as ingredients of synthetic cannabis mimicking blends in New Zealand and banned as temporary class drugs. In 2013, another hypnotic medication, zaleplon, was found to have been used as an active ingredient in a blend that had been sold in New Zealand during 2011 and 2012.

 See also 
List of designer drugs § Synthetic cannabinoids
Endocannabinoid enhancer
Endocannabinoid system
Structural scheduling of synthetic cannabinoids

 References 

 Further reading 
Roque-Bravo, Rita; Silva, Rafaela Sofia; Malheiro, Rui F.; Carmo, Helena; Carvalho, Félix; da Silva, Diana Dias; Silva, João Pedro (2023-01-20). "Synthetic Cannabinoids: A Pharmacological and Toxicological Overview". Annual Review of Pharmacology and Toxicology. 63 (1): 187–209. doi:10.1146/annurev-pharmtox-031122-113758. ISSN 0362-1642. PMID 35914767. S2CID 251255354.

 External links 
Erowid
Synthetic cannabinoid profile at the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction
Interactive model to help understand the structures of synthetic cannabinoids

Bill Miller (musician)
Bill Miller (born January 23, 1955) is a Native American singer/songwriter and artist of Mohican heritage. He is a guitarist, player of the Native American flute and painter.

 Life 
Bill Miller was born on the Stockbridge-Munsee reservation, near Shawano in northern Wisconsin. His Mohican name is Fush-Ya Heay Aka (meaning "bird song"). He began playing guitar when he was 12 years old.  In 1973, he moved to Milwaukee and won an art school scholarship to Layton School of Art, later attending University of Wisconsin at LaCrosse.In 1984, he moved to Nashville. His biggest break came when popular musician Tori Amos, after listening to his Red Road CD on her tour bus, asked him to serve as the opening act on her Under the Pink tour. Miller continuously gained fans with other artists from a broad musical spectrum. He went on to tour with diverse musicians such as Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder, The BoDeans, Richie Havens, John Carter Cash, and Arlo Guthrie and wrote songs with artists such as Nanci Griffith, Peter Rowan and Kim Carnes.In 1995, Miller's flute playing was featured on the Vanessa Williams song “Colors of the Wind”, the theme song on soundtrack of Disney’s Pocahontas, which won a Grammy Award and both the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song.Miller has collaborated with other Native American musicians such as Robert Mirabal, Carlos Nakai, and Joanne Shenandoah. His project with Mirabal, Native Suite was an experimental and traditional project, featuring flute and percussion, as well as Mohican pow-wow singing. His vocals appeared on Thomas Kinkade's 2000 album Music of Light  which featured Rob Mathes and Australian Michelle Tumes; he also was featured on Cherokee singer-songwriter Jason Upton's album Great River Road.
In early 2008, Miller worked on a project in La Crosse, Wisconsin for The Pump House, a regional arts center. Miller painted one of many 6-foot-tall (1.8 m) herons that were auctioned off and placed around the city in honor of fine arts. In April 2008, his symphony, "The Last Stand" was performed as world premiere by the La Crosse Symphony Orchestra with Amy Mills conducting, along with Native American musicians and dancers. The symphony was inspired from Miller's visit of the Battle of the Little Bighorn site, when he was nine years old. Called a "symphony of hope", it deals with that battle and the reconciliation which  Miller, feels must still occur and composed with Joshua Yudkin and Kristin Wilkinson. Thirty-three photos taken by David Joseph Marcou of "The Last Stand" world debut's dress-rehearsal are in the permanent collection of the Smithsonian National Museum of the American Indian.

 Themes 
In an interview, Miller said, "I appreciate people who have something to stand up for. I stand up for the truth. If you stand up for what you believe in you have no idea how many people you'll affect."
Miller's songs have been deeply spiritual and have explored his Christian faith in his indigenous language; his albums Spirit Rain and his 2000 record, Hear Our Prayer, released by Integrity Music as a Christian worship music project exemplify this dialog. While some songs were co-written by  songwriters in the genre, he re-recorded familiar songs such as "Praises" from The Red Road and "Listen to Me" from Raven in the Snow which, in a new context made clear that he could be fully Native and Christian. Notable cuts on the album were his cover of Bob Dylan's "I Believe in You" and a reinterpretation of the spiritual "Ain't Gonna Let Nobody Turn Me 'Round."

 Awards 
Miller has won three Grammy Awards, numerous Native American Music Awards, including a Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2005, Miller's instrumental Cedar Dream Songs won a Grammy Award for Best Native American Music Album.

 Discography 
AlbumsBill Miller and Native Sons (1983, Windspirit)
Old Dreams and New Hopes (1987, Windspirit)
The Art of Survival (1990, Vanguard)
Loon, Mountain And Moon (1991, Vanguard)
Reservation Road - Live (1992, Vanguard)
The Red Road (1993, Warner Western)
Raven in the Snow (1995, Reprise/Warner Bros.)
Native Suite: Chants, Dances, and the Sacred Earth with Robert Mirabal (1996, Warner Western)
Ghostdance (1999, Vanguard)
Healing Waters (1999, JVO Records; 2001 Good Cop Bad Cop)
Hear our Prayer (2000, Integrity)
Spirit Rain (2002, Paras)
A Sacred Gift (2003, Paras)
Cedar Dream Songs (2004, Paras)
Spirit Songs: The Best of Bill Miller (2004, Vanguard)
Spirit Wind North (2009, Cool Springs Music Group)
Spirit Wind East (2010, Cool Springs Music Group)
Chronicles of Hope (2010, Cool Springs Music Group)Contributing artistDisney's Pocahontas Soundtrack with Vanessa Williams (1995)
The Rough Guide to Native American Music (1999, World Music Network)
Look Again To The Wind: Johnny Cash's Bitter Tears Revisited (2015, Sony Masterworks)

 References 

 External links 
Bill Miller official website
Woodsongs Archive Bill Miller was interviewed by Michael Johnathon and performed on the WoodSongs Old-Time Radio Hour. Show 222 recorded in 2002 approximately, audio only; show 427 audio, video recorded 01-29-2007.
[1] Smithsonian guide to 32 photos taken by David Joseph Marcou of world debut dress-rehearsal of Bill Miller's 'Last Stand Symphony', performed by Bill with the La Crosse Symphony Orchestra, Native American drummers and dancers, et al. at Viterbo University on April 24, 2008 in La Crosse, WI.

Carolin Stoltz
Anne Frida Carolin Stoltz (born 2 May 1981 in Borås, Sweden) is a Swedish actress, who is best known for her role as Ukrainian immigrant Olena Petrovich in the British TV soap Emmerdale. She has previously had minor TV roles in the British television series Doctors and the ITV Christmas special Clash of the Santas, where she played a German terrorist determined to undermine a 'best Santa' competition.  Stoltz trained to be an actress at the Drama Centre London. She appears as Polish hairdresser Ava Lipinski in the Sky1 comedy series The Café.  She played Norwegian police officer Anke Strøm in Shetland (S4). She appeared in the daytime drama Justice in Liverpool. She has also acted in her native Sweden, doing both theatre and film.  She also appeared in The Inbetweeners Movie.
As a stage actress, she appeared in the Agatha Christie play Witness for the Prosecution at County Hall, London, a former municipal building transformed into a performing arts venue. She also appeared in the play Birdsong at Birmingham Rep.Stoltz grew up in Borås, Sweden, before moving to Gothenburg. She applied to Balettakademien in Gothenburg, dreaming of a career in musical theatre, but wasn't accepted; this led her to move to the United Kingdom.

 References 

"Carolin Stoltz". BFI. Archived from the original on July 28, 2021. Retrieved 2021-07-28.

 External links 
"Interview with Carolin Stoltz". The Bespoke Black Book. 2019-06-03. Retrieved 2021-07-28.

Loco in Acapulco
"Loco in Acapulco" is a song by the Four Tops, released as a single in 1988. It was written and produced by Phil Collins (who played drums on the track) and Lamont Dozier (one third of the group's Motown long-time songwriting team, Holland–Dozier–Holland), for the soundtrack to the film Buster, that also starred Collins in the title role.
It was released on Arista Records and became an international hit, reaching number 7 in the UK charts, and number 9 in the Netherlands. The song did not chart in the U.S., as it was issued as the B-side to "Change of Heart", when it was released as a single in the US during 1989. The song is about partying and having fun in the Mexican city of Acapulco. The song would subsequently appear on their 1988 studio album Indestructible.

 Charts 

 Certifications 

 Personnel 
Levi Stubbs - lead vocals
Renaldo Benson, Abdul Fakir, Lawrence Payton - backing vocals
David Williams, Michael Landau, Paul Jackson Jr. - guitar
Aaron Zigman - keyboards
Freddie Washington - bass
Phil Collins - drums
Phil Collins, Lamont Dozier - producers, songwriting

 References 

 External links 
The Four Tops performing "Loco in Acapulco" on Top of the Pops (YouTube)

Pál Veszely
Pál Veszely (1900–1994) was aa Hungarian stage and film actor.  He was particularly active in cinema during the early 1940s, but his career was halted after the Second World War when he was accused of involvement with Hungary's wartime nationalist movement by the postwar Communist-dominated Hungary. He emigrated and settled in Canada.

 Selected filmography 
The Ball Is On (1939)
Sarajevo (1940)
Yes or No? (1940)
The Chequered Coat (1940)
Property for Sale (1941)
Taken by the Flood (1941)
Prince Bob (1941)
Entry Forbidden (1941)
Kádár Versus Kerekes (1942)
The Marsh Flower (1943)
A Plane Has Not Returned (1944)
Wildfire (1944)
After the Storm (1945)

 References 

 Bibliography 
Gál, Péter Molnár. A Latabárok: egy színészdinasztia a magyar színháztörténetben. Népművelési Propaganda Iroda, 1982.
Laura, Ernesto G. Tutti i film di Venezia, 1932–1984. La Biennale, Settore cinema e spettacolo televisivo, 1985.
Székely, György & Gajdó, Tamás. Magyar színháztörténet: 1920-1949. Akadémiai Kiadó, 1990.

 External links 
Pál Veszely at IMDb

Ambient 1: Music for Airports
Ambient 1: Music for Airports is the sixth studio album by Brian Eno, released in 1978 by Polydor Records. It is the first of Eno's albums released under the label of ambient music, a genre of music intended to "induce calm and a space to think" while remaining "as ignorable as it is interesting". While not Eno's earliest entry in the style, it is credited with coining the term.
The album consists of four compositions created by layering tape loops of differing lengths, and was designed to be continuously looped as a sound installation, with the intent of defusing the anxious atmosphere of an airport terminal. Eno defined his approach in opposition to "canned" Muzak and easy listening practices. The album was the first of four albums released in Eno's Ambient series, which concluded with 1981's Ambient 4: On Land.
In 2004, Rolling Stone credited the album with defining the ambient genre. In 2016, Pitchfork ranked it the greatest ambient album of all time.

 Background and concept 
Eno became interested in ambience when he suffered an automobile accident that sent him to the hospital in the mid-1970s. His friend Judy Nylon visited Eno in the hospital and left an album playing quietly before leaving. The sound blended with the rain outside the room and, unable to get up and adjust the volume, Eno allowed it to create an ambience aligned with his fluctuating attention. The album Discreet Music (1975), per Eno's own judgement, was his first foray into ambient music.After spending several hours waiting for a flight at Germany's Cologne Bonn Airport and becoming annoyed by its uninspired atmosphere, Eno conceived an album of music "designed for airports". He intended for the album to still function within various other situations. Ambient music was then a "relatively modest field", "more a concept than a genre", and mostly created against the context of dominant muzak practices. Eno's concept was distinct from elevator music and easy listening's "derivative" background noise approach, and was instead to be used as a means of creating space for thought. In the album's liner notes, Eno explained:

Whereas conventional background music is produced by stripping away all sense of doubt and uncertainty (and thus all genuine interest) from the music, Ambient Music retains these qualities. And whereas their intention is to `brighten' the environment by adding stimulus to it (thus supposedly alleviating the tedium of routine tasks and levelling out the natural ups and downs of the body rhythms) Ambient Music is intended to induce calm and a space to think. Ambient Music must be able to accommodate many levels of listening attention without enforcing one in particular; it must be as ignorable as it is interesting.
Eno later named the Ray Conniff Singers and the "Borgesian idea" of a self-generated "world in reverse" which is centered around music as inspirations during this period.

 Recording and composition 
All tracks were composed by Eno except "1/1", which was co-composed by Eno with former Soft Machine drummer and vocalist Robert Wyatt and with producer Rhett Davies.
Music for Airports makes use of spliced tape loops. Recalling its creation, Eno said it was "conceived as deliberately austere and unemotional" and "was essentially made by machines". He began work during the creation of David Bowie's Low. With regards to their instrumentation, dynamic range, timbre, harmony, tonality and texture, the tracks are confining and feature a "contained repertory of pitches, gestural shapes, and motivic content that lasts throughout its entirety". Variations of timbre are seen when comparing the tracks, such as the warm "1/1" contrasting with the cold and dark "1/2". They are without backing rhythms and instead irregular repetition.He has stated a connection to death. Not wanting it to be "all bright and cheerful", Eno, a self-proclaimed "nervous flyer", considered the feelings that arise from being at an airport, including the supposed mortality salience and hoped the album would bring solace: "Really, it’s music to resign you to the possibility of death". John L. Waters described the album as a "logical progression from the work of the experimental and systems-based 'serious' musicians (John White, Gavin Bryars, Christopher Hobbs, Michael Parsons, Michael Nyman) that Eno recorded and championed for his label Obscure". David Stubbs noted similarities to the work of Erik Satie."1/1", features piano loops performed in an arrhythmic manner – piano being the dominant instrument throughout the album. The track arose from two pianists improvising whereby neither could clearly hear the other, leading to separate yet complementary melodies being played. Various motifs, played in a fitful manner, are featured. Philosopher of art John Lysaker, while discussing the album's general sense of aimless direction, noted that "1/1" "holds together no better (and no worse) than a cloud". The music throughout is down-tempo, without "distinct melodic or harmonic development[;] no highs or lows". "1/1" is the only track to feature a melody."2/1" and "1/2" make use of vocal loops; the former designed to have them fluctuate in synchrony. The disparate lengths of "2/1" were the result of each singer's differing capabilities. He modified the tape recordings offhandedly to loops, desiring "a silence at least twice as long as the sound" and "complicated rather than simple relationships". "And then I started all the loops running, and let them configure in the way they chose to configure". Music professor Victor Szabo described the track as "ghostly", writing that the "non-vibrato" tape loops are "uncannily lifeless": "Through such compositional techniques and affective-expressive codes, ‘2/1’ intimates human absence more overtly than any other track"."2/2" was performed with an ARP 2600 synthesiser. Brian Eno described how this piece was recorded:

[...] The second piece on the second side of Music for Airports was done with an ARP 2600. It's a beautiful sound, I think, and one that I couldn't have got from any other synthesizer that I know of. The thing that makes it so luscious is that it's slowed down, and it has three kinds of echo on it.

 Release 

 Critical reception 
The first album of ambient music to become popular – and later recognised as the "first deliberately 'ambient' recording" – it was initially dismissed by critics, audiences and some of Eno's peers alike, bewildering some of the former. It only became more favoured by the 1990s, having "entered the modern musical canon".Blandness was a very common critique in the initial reviews, a possible by-product of its unvarying and populist conception, wrote Szabo. In a 1979 review for Rolling Stone, Michael Bloom found Ambient 1 self-indulgent and lacking focus. "There's a good deal of high craftsmanship here," Bloom said. "But to find it, you've got to thwart the music's intent by concentrating." In another contemporary review for The Village Voice, critic Robert Christgau wrote that "these four swatches of modestly 'ambient' minimalism have real charms as general-purpose calmatives. But I must also report that they've fared unevenly against specific backgrounds." He later called it "a bore". Writing for The Globe and Mail, around the time of its release, Alan Niester categorized the album as alien, calling it "background grunge" that was best suited for "dish-doing [and] bed-making". In a 1979 interview with Eno for Musician, critic Lester Bangs described Music for Airports as having "a crystalline, sun-light-through windowpane quality that makes it somewhat mesmerising even as you half-listen to it," and recounted a personal experience in which the album induced him into a dream state featuring Charles Mingus.PopMatters journalist John Davidson was enthusiastic in a retrospective review, deeming Music for Airports a masterpiece whose value "can only be appreciated by listening to it in a variety of moods and settings. Then you are likely struck by how the music allows your mind the space to breathe", Davidson wrote, "and in doing so, adapts itself to your mood". AllMusic reviewer Linda Kohanov stated that "like a fine painting, these evolving soundscapes don't require constant involvement on the part of the listener [...] yet the music also rewards close attention with a sonic richness absent in standard types of background or easy listening music." Sasha Frere-Jones wrote that, by strength of its compositions, Music for Airports fails to facilitate an easily disregarded listening experience: "the album is too beautiful to ignore". Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine described the effect of the compositions as "sheer weightlessness." Q described it as "soothing and sublime, a useful album when you're feeling particularly delicate." In a positive review, Pitchfork's Grayson Haver Currin wrote that "to hear Music for Airports as more than a background balm, these four tracks remain wondrous and transformative, able to rearrange the air in a room."

 Legacy 
Ambient 1 was included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. Chuck Eddy from Spin later named it the fourth most essential ambient album. In September 2016, Pitchfork named the record the best ambient album of all time.The album has been recognized as a seminal and influential release, an icon of the genre and Eno's discography. J. D. Considine wrote in The Rolling Stone Album Guide that the record defined the ambient aesthetic while providing a name for the genre. Chris Richards of The Washington Post wrote that it "taught an entire generation of musicians to consider music as a texture". Reflecting on the album, Jon Caramanica called it the best of Eno's work which shortly followed Roxy Music. Due in part to Music for Airports, perception of Eno's career shifted and he became aligned with highly influential minimalist composers: Steve Reich, Philip Glass, Terry Riley, and La Monte Young. Artists such as Pauline Oliveros, Riley and Harold Budd would expand on Eno's style of ambient music, which would feature prominently on his following albums; Music for Airports acted as a genesis for Eno and collaborators exploring the style, such as in the numbered Ambient series (1978–82). His conception would soon become more mallable and less reliant upon locations.Over the years, the album has sold over 200,000 copies, making it one of his best-selling solo albums.

 Installation and covers 
The album has been installed and performed in at least five airports; it has been met with resistance from some travellers and workers, who deem it disruptive. Clinics and hospitals have used the albums to soothe patients. In 1998, Bang on a Can performed the album live, favouring a "technicolour style". Discussing their performance, Eno described it as the ensemble "trying to act like machines, but they don't sound like machines at all, they sound like people and it's quite touching when that appears". He felt the rendition's emotive quality was the result of the supposed human element; it moved him to tears, he said, and others he knew – such as Lou Reed and Laurie Anderson – had similar reactions. Critics echoed Eno's praise, including that of the rendition's superiority.In 2010, The Black Dog, by means of their ninth studio album, Music for Real Airports, issued a "musical rebuttal", chastising the perceived dehumanisation of airports and Eno's supposed intention of "lull[ing] customers".

 Track listing 

The track labelling refers to the album's first release (1978) as an LP, and so the first track means "first track, first side", and so on. The CD pressing adds 30 seconds of silence after every track, including "2/2".
The album's back cover features four abstract graphic notation images, one for each track, representing their structure and instrumentation.

 Personnel 
Brian Eno – synthesiser, electric piano, vocals
Christa Fast – vocals ("2/1", "1/2")
Christine Gomez – vocals ("2/1", "1/2")
Inge Zeininger – vocals ("2/1", "1/2")
Robert Wyatt – acoustic piano ("1/1", "1/2")RecordingBrian Eno – producer, engineer
Dave Hutchins – engineer ("2/1", "1/2")
Conny Plank – engineer ("2/2"),
Rhett Davies – engineer ("1/1")DesignBrian Eno – cover artRecording LocationLondon ("1/1", "1/2", "2/1")
Plank's Studio, Cologne ("2/2")

 Release history 

 Certifications 

 Usage 
Mistaken Memories of Mediaeval Manhattan is a 1981, 47-minute ambient video created by Eno which uses music from both the albums Ambient 4: On Land and this album. This title was later included with his Thursday Afternoon video on the Rykodisc DVD compilation 14 Video Paintings.
Music from the album has been covered by:
Makyo — "2/1 (Night Flight Mix)", on the double compilation CD Minimalism: More Or Less, 1998, Law & Auder (LA05CD)
nalptenalp, "Re: 1/1" (2020), which is a reconstruction of "1/1".
Arrangements of the album performed by the Bang on a Can All-Stars were made into a video filmed and edited by Frank Scheffer, entitled Music For Airports / In The Ocean
The first track is used in the PBS special The Creation of the Universe. Eno is the sole music credit, and he also wrote original music for the documentary.
"1/1" is frequently used as background music on the US public radio program This American Life.
"1/1" is used as background music in the 1986 film 9½ Weeks.
"1/1" features prominently in the opening scene of the 2009 motion picture The Lovely Bones.
Excerpts of Ambient 1 appear in Robert Hughes' documentary on Modern Art The Shock of the New, episode 4 Trouble in Utopia.
Prior to the first hosted live broadcast of Apple's Beats 1 internet radio station, music from the album was played on the service's audio stream.

 See also 
Ambient 2: The Plateaux of Mirror
Ambient 3: Day of Radiance
Ambient 4: On Land

 Notes 

 References 
Albiez, Sean; Pattie, David, eds. (2016). Oblique Music. Bloomsbury Publishing. pp. 98–99. ISBN 9781441155344.
Christgau, Robert (1981). "Brian Eno: Music for Airports". Christgau's Record Guide: Rock Albums of the Seventies. Ticknor and Fields. ISBN 0-89919-026-X. Retrieved 25 May 2016.
Considine, J. D. (2004). "Brian Eno". In Brackett, Nathan; Hoard, Christian (eds.). The New Rolling Stone Album Guide (4th ed.). Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-7432-0169-8. Retrieved 30 April 2011.
Dimery, Robert, ed. (2006). 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die (revised and updated ed.). Universe Publishing. ISBN 0-7893-1371-5.
Lysaker, John T. (2018). Brian Eno's Ambient 1: Music for Airports. Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/oso/9780190497293.001.0001. ISBN 978-0-19-049729-3.
Powers, Ann (1995). "Brian Eno". In Weisbard, Eric; Marks, Craig (eds.). Spin Alternative Record Guide. Vintage Books. ISBN 0-679-75574-8.
Sheppard, David (2009). On Some Faraway Beach - The Life and Times of Brian Eno. Orion Publishing Group. ISBN 978-1-4091-5762-5. OCLC 1023346143.

 External links 
Ambient 1: Music for Airports at Discogs (list of releases)
Interview on Ambient 1: Music for Airports
Liner notes of initial American release
Interview, Artpress, Sep 2001
Interview, Keyboard Wizards, Winter 1985
Interview, Reality Hackers, Winter 1988
Eno lecture, New Music New York, 1979
The Wire, Stansted Airport BoaC performance, June 1998

T. Colin Campbell
Thomas Colin Campbell (born March 14, 1934) is an American biochemist who specializes in the effect of nutrition on long-term health. He is the Jacob Gould Schurman Professor Emeritus of Nutritional Biochemistry at Cornell University.
Campbell has become known for his advocacy of a low-fat, whole foods, plant-based diet. He coined the term "Plant-Based diet" to help present his research on diet at the National Institutes of Health in 1980. He is the author of over 300 research papers and four books: The China Study (2005), which was co-authored with his son, Thomas M. Campbell II, and became one of America's best-selling books about nutrition, Whole (2013), The Low-Carb Fraud (2014) and The Future of Nutrition: An Insider's Look at the Science, Why We Keep Getting It Wrong, and How to Start Getting It Right (2020). Campbell featured in the 2011 American documentary Forks Over Knives.
Campbell was one of the lead scientists of the China–Cornell–Oxford Project on diet and disease, set up in 1983 by Cornell University, the University of Oxford, and the Chinese Academy of Preventive Medicine to explore the relationship between nutrition and cancer, heart, and metabolic diseases. The study was described by The New York Times as "the Grand Prix of epidemiology".

 Early life and education 
Campbell grew up on a dairy farm. He studied pre-veterinary medicine at Pennsylvania State University, where he obtained his B.S. in 1956, then attended veterinary school at the University of Georgia for a year. He completed his M.S. in nutrition and biochemistry at Cornell in 1958, where he studied under Clive McCay (known for his research on nutrition and aging), and his Ph.D. in nutrition, biochemistry, and microbiology in 1961, also at Cornell.

 Career 
Campbell joined MIT as a research associate, then worked for 10 years in the Virginia Tech Department of Biochemistry and Nutrition, before returning to Cornell in 1975 to join its Division of Nutritional Sciences. He has worked as a senior science adviser to the American Institute for Cancer Research, and sits on the advisory board of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine. He is known in particular for research, derived in part from the China study, that appears to link the consumption of animal protein with the development of cancer and heart disease. He argues that casein, a protein found in milk from mammals, is "the most significant carcinogen we consume".Campbell has followed a "99% vegan" diet since around 1990. He does not identify himself as a vegetarian or vegan because, he said, "they often infer something other than what I espouse". He told the New York Times: "The idea is that we should be consuming whole foods. We should not be relying on the idea that genes are determinants of our health. We should not be relying on the idea that nutrient supplementation is the way to get nutrition, because it's not. I'm talking about whole, plant-based foods."He has been a member since 1978 of several United States National Academy of Sciences expert panels on food safety, and holds an honorary professorship at the Chinese Academy of Preventive Medicine. He is featured in the documentaries, Diet for a New America (film), Forks Over Knives, Planeat, Vegucated, and PlantPure Nation, a film produced by Campbell's son, Nelson Campbell. Campbell is also on the advisory board of Naked Food magazine.

 Charity 
He is the founder of the T. Colin Campbell Center for Nutrition Studies, a 501(c)(3) organization, which was created to provide education about the whole food, plant based diet Campbell recommends. The Center partners with eCornell to provide an online course which is the focus of the education programs. Campbell is the president of the board of directors for the Center.

 Bibliography 
Chen, Junshi (2005-12-03) [1990]. Campbell, T. Colin; Junyao, Li; Peto, Richard (eds.). Diet, Life-Style, and Mortality in China: A Study of the Characteristics of 65 Chinese Counties. Cornell University Press. ISBN 019-2618431. Also published by Oxford University Press and People's Medical Publishing House (Beijing). First published on 1990-01-03. Professional review.
The China Study (2005)
Whole: Rethinking the Science of Nutrition (2013)
Campbell, T. Colin, and Caldwell Esselstyn, Jr, MD. "Forks Over Knives: How a Plant-Based Diet Can Save America". Huffington Post, May 13, 2011.
Campbell, T. Colin. "Nutrition: The Future of Medicine", The Huffington Post, October 25, 2010.
Campbell, T. Colin. "Low Fat Diets Are Grossly Misrepresented". Huffington Post, September 28, 2010.
Campbell, T. Colin, PhD, with Jacobson, Howard, PhD. (2014) The Low-Carb Fraud. BenBella Books. ISBN 978-1-940363-09-7
Campbell, T. Colin, "The Future of Nutrition: An Insider's Look at the Science, Why We Keep Getting It Wrong, and How to Start Getting It Right" (2020), ASIN = B097XNM992Campbell's h-index according to Web of Science using core collection author search for "Campbell TC*" and "Cornell University" as of February 2017 is 28 with total citation count without self-citations being 2,504.

 References 

 External links 

T. Colin Campbell Center for Nutrition Studies
T. Colin Campbell interviewed on Conversations from Penn State
T. Colin Campbell at IMDb

Sean Kaley
Sean Kaley (born 26 February 1975) is a Canadian long-distance runner and psychiatrist. He won the Canadian national championships at 10,000 metres in 1999, and at 5,000 metres in 2000, 2002 and 2003.
Kaley was born in Montreal, Quebec. He attended Brookfield High School in Ottawa, Ontario. He started running as a small child and was a member of the Ottawa Lions Track and Field Club. He was Canadian junior champion at 5,000 and 1,500 metres.Kaley studied microbiology at the University of Arkansas. While there, he was a All-American athlete for the Arkansas Razorbacks track and field team, medalling at the NCAA indoor championships at 3,000 and 5,000 metres, and recording top-five finishes at the 1998 NCAA Division I Cross Country Championships and 1999 World University Games. In the men's short race at the 1999 World Cross Country Championships, Kaley finished 29th.Kaley competed in the 10,000 metres at the 1999 World Athletics Championships, finishing 26th, and the 2000 Summer Olympics, finishing 27th. He also competed in both the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres at the 2002 Commonwealth Games, finishing seventh in both events.
After university, Kaley remained in Arkansas and became a practicing psychiatrist.

 References 

 External links 
Sean Kaley at World Athletics
Sean Kaley at Olympedia
Sean Kaley at the Commonwealth Games Federation (archived)

Edward A. McDonald
Edward A. McDonald (born 1947) is an American criminal defense lawyer and actor. He practices law at the New York City branch of Dechert LLP, primarily working on white-collar crime and securities law. McDonald has appeared in Goodfellas and in Kiss of Death.

 Early life and career 
McDonald graduated from Xaverian High School in Brooklyn and then attended Boston College, earning a degree in 1968. He earned his juris doctor degree from Georgetown University Law Center. After serving as an assistant district attorney in Manhattan for five years, McDonald joined the United States Organized Crime Strike Force in 1977. McDonald prosecuted a case involving the 1978–79 Boston College basketball point-shaving scandal for the Justice Department in 1981.As a prosecutor, McDonald sponsored Henry Hill in significant cases in which he testified, including the Boston College point-shaving case. McDonald also helped get Hill and his wife Karen Friedman Hill into the United States Federal Witness Protection Program (WPP). Martin Scorsese cast McDonald to play himself in the 1990 film Goodfellas in a scene in which McDonald negotiates to get the Hills into the WPP. McDonald improvised the line, "Don't give me the babe-in-the-woods routine, Karen. I heard you on those wiretaps." The line was based on what McDonald recalled saying to the real Karen Hill.McDonald started practicing law privately in 1989. In 2011, the Police Benevolent Association of the City of New York hired McDonald and other high-profile lawyers to defend against a massive ticket fixing scandal. McDonald represented former mobster Joseph Massino in 2013 after Massino's two life sentences, imposed in 2011, were commuted by a federal judge.He has been a member of the Screen Actors Guild since 1990. He is married and has three children.

 References 

 External links 
Edward A. McDonald profile at Dechert
Edward A. McDonald at IMDb
Edward A. McDonald on Charlie Rose

Tahanang Pinakamasaya
Tahanang Pinakamasaya! (transl. Happiest Home!) is a 2024 Philippine television variety show broadcast by GMA Network. Directed by Moty Apostol, it is hosted by Alexa Miro, Arra San Agustin, Betong Sumaya, Buboy Villar, Cassy Legaspi, Chariz Solomon, Dasuri Choi, Glaiza de Castro, Isko Moreno, Kimpoy Feliciano, Kokoy de Santos, Mavy Legaspi, Michael Sager, Paolo Contis, Winwyn Marquez and Yasser Marta, with performances from Music Hero Band and BPop Idols. It premiered on January 6, 2024 on the network's afternoon line up replacing Eat Bulaga!.
The show is streaming online on Facebook and YouTube.

 Overview 
The formation of Tahanang Pinakamasaya! dated back from an internal dispute between TAPE Inc.'s new management (following the "forced" retirement of TAPE CEO Antonio Tuviera, with a member of the Jalosjos family taking over the position) and the group of hosts from Eat Bulaga! led by Tito Sotto, Vic Sotto and Joey de Leon. Eat Bulaga! suspended its production after the hosts and production members filed their resignation on May 31, 2023. GMA Network, aired previously aired episodes of Eat Bulaga! under its deal with TAPE Inc. from May 31 to June 3, 2023. It resulted in the copyright infringement and unfair competition filed by De Leon, Tito Sotto and Vic Sotto, at the Marikina City Regional Trial Court on June 30, 2023. On June 5, the show resumed original programming, with Paolo Contis, Alexa Miro, Betong Sumaya, Buboy Villar, Cassy Legaspi and Mavy Legaspi joining as the new hosts of the show. In the same month, Isko Moreno, Kimpoy Feliciano and South Korean dancer Dasuri Choi also joined the show. TAPE Inc. claimed that they are the owners of the "Eat Bulaga!" trademark, stating that they remain as the same variety show created in 1979. The court ruled that they did not originate the term "Eat Bulaga!", and they registered its trademark in bad faith because the copyright is with de Leon as who created the term.On December 4, 2023, the Intellectual Property Office of the Philippines granted the petition of De Leon, Tito Sotto and Vic Sotto to cancel TAPE Inc.'s trademark registration of "Eat Bulaga!", stating the former have the right to its registration. On December 22, 2023, the Marikina City Regional Trial Court branch 273, directed the defendants, TAPE Inc., to pay 2 million Philippine pesos in temperate damages, P500,000 in exemplary damages, and P500,000 in attorney's fees to plaintiffs Tito and Vic Sotto and Joey de Leon and their creative partner, Jenny Ferre, for committing unfair competition and copyright infringement. A permanent injunction was given to TAPE Inc. and GMA Network, prohibiting the use of the term "Eat Bulaga!", including its logos, songs, promotions, segments and footage recorded before May 31, 2023, for its current programming. On January 6, 2024, TAPE Inc. relaunched their variety show as Tahanang Pinakamasaya!.

 Cast 

 Ratings 
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Nationwide Urban Television Audience Measurement People in television homes, the pilot episode of Tahanang Pinakamasaya! earned a 3.2% rating.

 References 

 External links 
Official website

Kelly Greenberg
Kelly Greenberg was forced to resign as head coach at Boston University in 2014 amid multiple charges of abusing players, ending her coaching career. Allegations that she mistreated players first surfaced in 2007 when the coach admitted she made some serious mistakes that she deeply regretted. When four players left the team in 2014, an internal investigation concluded that "the manner in which Coach Greenberg interacted with many of her players was incompatible with the expectations and standards for university employees, including our coaches."

 Playing career 
Greenberg played basketball, field hockey, and softball at Archbishop Wood High School in Philadelphia. Her No. 32 jersey was retired, joining just three other female athletes: former WNBA player Debbie Black, Kathy May Greenberg, Kelly's sister, and Joanne Healy. Kelly is a member of the high school's alumni hall of fame.Greenberg was a two-time second-team All-Big 5 selection at La Salle University, leading the Explorers to three consecutive Big 5 Championships and NCAA tournaments. She captained the 1988-89 team to a 28-3 overall record, a national ranking, and a third straight trip to the NCAA tournament. Greenberg graduated in 1989 with a bachelor of arts in English.

 Coaching career 
Kelly Greenberg began her coaching career as an assistant at Northeastern University in 1989-90. Greenberg was a volunteer assistant coach at George Washington University in 1990-91. During her tenure at George Washington, the Colonials reached the NCAA tournament, Greenberg's first trip as a coach. Greenberg was an assistant coach at the University of Rhode Island during the 1991-92 season.

 Holy Cross 
Greenberg spent the next seven seasons on the coaching staff at the College of the Holy Cross. During her final three seasons, Greenberg served as the associate head coach under head coach Bill Gibbons. During her tenure, the Crusaders made four trips to the NCAA tournament and won six Patriot League titles.

 Penn 
In 1999-00, her first season as a head coach at The University of Pennsylvania, Greenberg's squad posted its first winning season in eight years. She was named the Philadelphia Big 5 Coach of the Year.
The following season, she guided the Quakers to an Ivy League title as the team went a perfect 14-0 in league games. The team earned the program's first-ever NCAA tournament bid and posted a school-best 22-6 overall record. During the season, the team won a program-record 21 consecutive games, which ranked as the longest active winning streak in the nation at the time. Following the record-breaking season, Greenberg was honored as the Daily Pennsylvanian Coach of the Year for the second consecutive season.
In 2003-04, Greenberg led the team back to the NCAA tournament as Penn recorded a 17-10 overall mark and an 11-3 record in Ivy League play.
After guiding Penn to two Ivy League championships during her five-year tenure, Greenberg was appointed head coach of the Boston University women's basketball program on July 7, 2004.

 Boston University 
In her first season as head coach at BU, Greenberg's squad posted a 15-16 overall record. Entering the America East Conference tournament as the eighth-seeded team, BU knocked off top-seeded Maine, fourth-seeded Vermont, and ninth-seeded Stony Brook, becoming the first eighth-seeded team in the tournament's 14-year history to reach the title game. In the finals, BU lost 52-50 to second-seeded Hartford.
In 2005-06, Greenberg led her Terrier team to an 18-12 record and an appearance in the America East tournament title game following a 76-74 overtime victory over second-seeded Stony Brook in the semifinal round.
In 2007-08, the Terriers finished with a 20-12 overall record and 11-5 conference record including a perfect 11-0 record at Case Gym and an 11-1 record at home, with the loss coming to No. 16 Ohio State at Agganis Arena. Greenberg's squad broke program records for points in a season (2,220) and free-throw percentage (.769). The Terriers reached the conference finals against Hartford once again, following a double-overtime victory against rival Vermont in the semifinals. The team reached the 20-win milestone for the first time in 20 years and only the second time in program history.

 Controversy & Resignation 
In 2014, Greenberg resigned as head women’s basketball coach after multiple players reported systematic abuse.
Several former Terrier players describe Greenberg's style as confrontational. Twice, in 2008 and 2014, The Boston Globe's Bob Hohler reported on the departures of players who claim they were bullied by the coach.
Greenberg and Boston University parted ways on April 22, 2014, amid allegations of player emotional abuse.

 References 

https://www.espn.com/espnw/news-commentary/story/_/id/10677325/two-sides-coach-kelly-greenberg-espnw
https://www.espn.com/womens-college-basketball/story/_/id/10825264/boston-university-terriers-part-ways-coach-kelly-greenberg
https://www.espn.com/espnw/news-commentary/story/_/id/10851158/espnw-kate-fagan-says-good-coaches-tough-not-abusive

Boston University Head Coach Kelly Greenberg Signs Contract Extension Through 2013-14 Season  March 30, 2009
No Points For Style At BU "April 18, 2008"

 External links 
Coach Kelly Greenberg
Quotes and Quotations
Boston University Women's Basketball club
BU coach Kelly Greenberg out after bullying accusations - The Boston Globe

Electa Quinney
Electa Quinney (Mahican name: Wuh-weh-wee-nee-meew Quan-au-kaunt) (1798 – 1885) was a Mohican and member of the Stockbridge-Munsee Community. She founded one of the first schools in what would become Wisconsin and was the first woman to teach in a public school in the territory which would be Wisconsin.

 Early life 
Electa Quinney was born around 1798 in Clinton, New York, into the Housatonic or Stockbridge tribe. She was schooled at a Quaker school on Long Island, New York, where she spent four years, and in Clinton at the Clinton Female Seminary, which opened in 1814. Later she studied for six years at the women's seminary in Cornwall, Connecticut. She was the sister of John Wannuaucon Quinney who led her tribe west when they relocated from New York to the Menominee lands. Her father was probably Joseph Quinney, a sachem of the tribe while her mother, Margaret, was the daughter of David Nau-nau-neek-nuk who was also a Stockbridge sachem. Quinney's name in her native Mahican language was Wuh-weh-wee-nee-meew Quan-au-kaunt.

 Career 
Upon completing her education around 1821, Quinney taught at a mission school in New York for six years. She relocated west around 1827 and by 1828 had established a school at Statesburg, near Grande Kawkawlin. Quinney taught between forty and fifty students at her school, which was the first public school in Wisconsin making her the first woman school teacher in the Wisconsin part of Michigan Territory. She taught four classes in a log school house, which was connected with a Presbyterian mission. Though most of her students were Indian, they studied in English and she used standard texts to teach arithmetic, geography, language, oration, penmanship and spelling.In 1832, the Methodists re-established contact with the Oneida Nation after their relocation to Wisconsin. Their first missionary, Daniel Adams, a Canadian Mohawk established a mission school near Green Bay, at which Quinney became the first teacher that same year. Around 1835, Quinney and Adams married and moved to Missouri where they had three sons: Alexander (born 1838), Daniel (born 1840) and John C. Adams (born 1843), who would become a politician and who fought for the overturn of the 1871 Stockbridge-Munsee constitution until 1893 when his efforts finally succeeded. Daniel's mission was with the Seneca Indians, who occupied a tract on the Neosho River in the Missouri Territory and were later moved to a section of the Cherokee Reservation in the northernmost corner of Indian Territory working the Seneca Circuit. Daniel died in 1843, but Adams continued working for the Methodist Mission Service.Adams married a second time with a Cherokee newspaper editor, John Walker Candy, whose Cherokee name was Dâguwadâ. His first wife was Mary Ann Watie, sister of Stand Watie. He had begun his career as a printer in New Echota, Georgia first serving as an apprentice on the Cherokee Phoenix. John came to the Cherokee Nation in Indian Territory one year prior to the removal to establish the printing office at the Union Mission. In 1840, he printed the earliest volume of Choctaw laws and helped relocate the press to Park Hill, where he printed the 1842 Cherokee Constitution and Laws. John and Adams married on Christmas day in 1845 in the Seneca lands and he remained with the Union Mission press until 1847. John then worked at the Cherokee Advocate when it was established in Tahlequah. In 1855 he became the printer for the Baptist Mission Press. By 1860, the couple had returned to Wisconsin and were living in Stockbridge, though John's 1868 death occurred near Webbers Falls, Indian Territory. In 1880, she was living in Stockbridge with her son John.Quinney died in 1885 in Stockbridge, Wisconsin. She is buried in the Stockbridge Indian Cemetery, which is on the National Register of Historic Places, though her stone is missing. Posthumously, the Electa Quinney Institute for American Indian Education at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee was named in her honor.

 Notes 

 References 

 Citations 

 Bibliography 

Graveyard of the Great Lakes
The Graveyard of the Great Lakes comprises the southern shore of Lake Superior between Grand Marais, Michigan, and Whitefish Point, though Grand Island has been mentioned as a western terminus. More ships have wrecked in this area than any other part of Lake Superior.Over 200 wrecks are in the area of Whitefish Point of the 550 wrecks in Lake Superior. For a distance west of Whitefish Bay, there are no natural harbors in which ships can "ride out" storms. Also, as late as the 20th century, weather prediction was "a haphazard process, very imprecise and unreliable." A ship might have no idea of the weather into which it was sailing, or the weather coming at it.
These shipwrecks are now protected by the Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve.

 History 

After the St. Lawrence Seaway was constructed, all inter-lake traffic on Lake Superior went at least near Whitefish Point.
Storms that claimed multiple ships include the Mataafa Storm in November 1905 and the Great Lakes Storm of 1913.
Due to the cold and fresh water, wrecks are often in quite good condition even after centuries underwater.A documentary has been made, about the Graveyard of the Great Lakes, as had a piece on Apple TV.

 A few shipwrecks in the Graveyard of the Great Lakes 
129
Independence
Lambton
Miztec
John M. Osborn
SS Comet
SS Cyprus
SS D.M. Clemson
SS Edmund Fitzgerald  was the largest ship to ever wreck on the Great Lakes
SS Indiana
SS John B. Cowle
SS John Mitchell
SS M.M. Drake
SS Myron
SS Vienna
SS Western ReserveAnother such place is known as "Shipwreck Alley," which is a 448-square-mile (1,160 km2) area of the Lake Huron shoreline that holds an estimated 200 shipwrecks.

 See also 
Amboy and George Spencer Shipwreck Sites
Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum
Lake-effect snow
List of storms on the Great Lakes
Munising, Michigan
Soo Locks
Vermilion Point
Whitefish Bay
Whitefish Point Light Station
Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve

 References 

 External links and references 
Lake Superior Marine Museum Association
A Century-Old Mystery Surfaces From Lake Superior
Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum
National Geographic article, "Road Trip: Shipwreck Coast, Michigan"
Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve
130 years after it sank, well-preserved wreckage of ship found in Lake Superior
Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum
Graveyard Of The Great Lakes (1988), a YouTube video

List of murdered hip hop musicians
This is a list of notable rappers and hip hop musicians murdered since 1987.
Two studies in the mid-2010s concluded that murder was the cause of half of hip hop musician deaths. The average age of death is between 25–30 years of age. Hip hop artists have a higher rate of homicide than artists of any other genre of music, ranging from five to 32 times higher.Some reasons cited for the high homicide rate include poor background of many artists, criminal gang activity, drug use, and inadequate pastoral care among artists and record labels. In 2020, XXL wrote that of 77 rapper deaths they examined, more than 40 remain unsolved, including the 1996 murder of Tupac Shakur, the 1997 murder of the Notorious B.I.G., and the 1999 murder of Big L.

 List 

 References 

Bandung Institute of Technology
The Bandung Institute of Technology (Indonesian: Institut Teknologi Bandung, abbreviated as ITB) is a national research university located in Bandung, Indonesia. Since its establishment in 1920, ITB has been consistently recognized as Indonesia's premier STEM-based academic institution and reserves its place among the country's top elite universities. It has produced many notable leaders in science, engineering, politics, business, academia, and culture.

 History 
Bandung Institute of Technology traces its origin to the Technische Hoogeschool te Bandoeng (THB) which was founded during the centuries-old Dutch colonialism of Indonesia. The project was initially proposed by Karel Albert Rudolf Bosscha, a Dutch entrepreneur and philanthropist. His proposal was later approved by the colonial government to meet increasing demand of technical know-how in the colony.
The school building was designed in 1918 by a Dutch architect named Henri Maclaine Pont by blending Indonesian vernacular architecture with modern elements. The school first opened its doors on 3 July 1920. By then, it only had one active department, the Faculty of Technical Science and one academic major, The Department of Road and Water Resources Engineering.
During the 1940s, the university rapidly changed hands and experience various renaming.
During the Japanese occupation in the Second World War and ensuing years, the school was renamed as the Industrial University by the Japanese administration. This name was short-lived as a few years later, the Japanese surrender paved the way for Indonesia's declaration of independence and the campus was renamed as Technical High School by the newly-declared republic.A year later, the Dutch colonial government would return to re-occupy Indonesia and took re-directorship of the campus. It was renamed again as Emergency University of Dutch East Indies as the Indonesian National Revolution raged across the colony. It was during this time that the campus would begin operating the Faculty of Engineering and Faculty of Science under the University of Indonesia.
On 2 March 1959, the two faculties of University of Indonesia in Bandung was declared a separate academic entity.  Bandung Institute of Technology was founded for higher learning in natural sciences, technologies, and fine arts.In 2020, Reini Djuhraeni Wirahadikusumah was appointed as rector of the university until 2025 replacing Kadarsah Suryadi. She became the first women rector in the campus 60 years after the inauguration of the campus by President Sukarno, in 1959.

 Campuses 
The ITB main campus, along with its other campuses, covers a total area of about 770,000 square metres.

 Ganesha Campus 
The original and main campus in Ganesha has a wide range of facilities. Apart from lecture classes and laboratories, the campus boasts an art gallery, a dedicated sports centre, central library, medical clinic and extracurricular areas.

 Jatinangor Campus 
Due to the increasing number of students, the decision was made to develop another campus elsewhere. The second campus in Jatinangor served as an integral part of the university and is on the same standing as the Ganesha campus. All Freshmen will have their Joint Preparatory Stage (Tahap Persiapan Bersama - TPB) in Jatinangor Campus starting from August 2023. 

 Cirebon Campus 
ITB plans to build a brand-new campus in Cirebon so as to anticipate future research and educational endeavors. This will be the university's commitment in further developing human resources of Indonesia.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Rankings and Reputation 
ITB was ranked 281st worldwide in the 2024 QS World University Rankings, and ranked 63rd in QS Asian University Rankings 2023. ITB has also been ranked 1201–1500 worldwide by THE World University Ranking 2023 and 351-400th in the THE Asia University Rankings 2023. 
Domestically, the university is ranked 2nd by QS World University Rankings and ranked 3rd by Times Higher Education. ITB is universally and consistently placed among the top three elite universities in the country, having the highest score threshold in Indonesia's national state university entrance test in 2009. Out of the 422,159 candidates who applied, only 2,000 are successfully admitted. To this day, engineering faculties in ITB is nationally accepted as the finest in the country and as such, they are among the toughest to be admitted into. 
Apart from STEM-based faculties, the campus also opened a business school called the School of Business and Management (SBM). SBM is considered as the most prestigious and elite business school in Indonesia and regarded as the best business school in Indonesia by eduniversal ranking, global brand magazine and SWA Magazine, the most popular business magazine in Indonesia.

 Research 
According to the rector of ITB, ITB had built an eight-storey mining research centre for both national and international research such as research on oil reservoirs, production optimisation, geological exploitation and coal exploitation development worth Rp110 billion ($12.1 million).

 Faculties and programs 
Consisting of 12 faculties and schools, ITB is not only focused on the fields of STEM but also arts and business management which have been recognized at national and international levels.

 Natural Sciences Cluster 

 Pharmacy Cluster 

 Engineering Cluster 

 Social Sciences, Arts, and Humanities Cluster 

 Faculty of Art and Design (FAD) 
FSRD ITB is a higher education institution for Indonesian undergraduate and graduate visual art and design studies. The academic aim of the FSRD ITB is to deliver higher-quality education, research, and community services in all areas of visual art and design. In 2022, Art and Design program in the FSRD ITB was one of the QS World's top 20 Art & Design schools in the Asia region.

 Student loan 
In January 2024, ITB was reported encouraging their students to pay tuition using loan. This was revealed after an account on Twitter uploaded a photo of a pamphlet containing information on monthly tuition installments managed by a third party. Head of Public Relations ITB, Naomi Haswanto, confirmed that ITB uses financial institutions to help student pay for their tuition and added that the collaboration was carried out using financial institutions that had permission from the Otoritas Jasa Keuangan (literally Financial Services Authority; OJK). She also added that the collaboration for paying tuition fees via installments has been implemented with the Danacita platform since August 2023 and stated that several other universities have also provided the option of paying via installments. Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology released a statement and asked the rector of ITB, Reini Wirahadikusumah, to search for a good funding scheme solution after the payment of tuition using an online loan platform went viral and as a mission to provide high quality and inclusive education. OJK asked for an explanation from Danacita as a platform that offers payment of tuition fees in online loan installments.On 29 January, hundreds of students marched from the ITB Ganesha campus to the rectorate building as a form of protest against the policy of paying tuition fees using online loan installments. They protested by carrying a number of posters against campus policies which were considered burdensome with the offer of payment via online installments. A number of students then tried to negotiate to meet the ITB rector but it ended in a commotion because they were unable to get the rector to come out and meet the crowd to discuss the problem. Chairman of the KM ITB Cabinet, Muhammad Yogi Syahputra, asked the campus to remove the option of paying via installments which is said to reach Rp. 12,500,000 (USD 790) and demanded to provide a guarantee so that students who had payment arrears could fill out study plan forms which were limited until 30 January. Former Governor of West Java, Ridwan Kamil, said that ITB intentions were good in providing payments using the installment scheme because not all students have the ability to overcome the financial problems they experience. He added that as much as possible, the payment option should not be a burden on students.

 Notable people and alumni 
ITB has produced more than 120,000 alumni who play a significant role in nation-building, among others are:

 References 

 External links 

Official website - English section
Alumni association
Bosscha Observatory

Abatetia
Abatetia is a genus of flies in the family Dolichopodidae. It contains a single species, Abatetia robusta, and is found in New Zealand. The genus was originally known as Nelsonia, named by Octave Parent in 1933. The genus was then transferred to Cymatopus by Parent in 1937. Separately, David Miller found the name Nelsonia to be preoccupied by Nelsonia (Merriam, 1897), and renamed it to Abatetia in 1945. However, the genus remained a synonym of Cymatopus until 1984, when it was restored as a separate genus by Henk J. G. Meuffels and Patrick Grootaert. Due to Nelsonia being preoccupied, Abatetia became the name of the genus.

 References 

 External links 
 Data related to Abatetia at Wikispecies

Troy Byer
Troy Byer (born November 7, 1964) is an American psychologist, author, director, screenwriter, and actress.

 Early life and education 
Born in New York City to an African-American mother and Jewish father, Byer spent the first part of her career working in the entertainment industry. She began her acting career with a role on the children's program Sesame Street when she was four years old. She later studied acting and psychobiology at City University of New York and went on to earn a master's degree from Pacifica Graduate Institute in eco, liberation and community psychology. Byer holds a doctorate in clinical psychology from California Southern University with certification in Industrial Organizational Psychology.

 Career 
After landing a bit part in Francis Ford Coppola's The Cotton Club (1984), Byer moved to Los Angeles, and became a regular on the ABC prime-time soap opera Dynasty in 1986, playing Jackie Deveraux, the daughter of Diahann Carroll's character Dominique Deveraux. Byer went on to earn ShoWest's Newcomer of the Year award for her leading role in the feature Rooftops (1989).
Since then, Byer acted in features such as Disorderlies (1987), The Five Heartbeats (1991) as Baby Doll, Weekend at Bernie's II (1993), Eddie (1996) starring Whoopi Goldberg, Robert Altman's The Gingerbread Man (1998) starring Kenneth Branagh and Robert Downey Jr., and John Q (2002) starring Denzel Washington.
In 1997, Byer made her screenwriting debut with B*A*P*S, starring Halle Berry, as she was unhappy with how her script was changed during the course of filming. In 1998 she decided to direct her next screenplay, Let's Talk About Sex (1998) herself, while also playing a starring role. Byer made a trailer and took it to the Sundance Film Festival, where she gave it to film executives. The film was quickly picked up by Fine Line Features. Byer wrote and directed Love Don't Cost a Thing (2003) for Warner Brothers, based on the hit 1987 movie Can't Buy Me Love.Byer is an active member of Agape International Spiritual Center and an advocate for the foster care system—a system to which she herself once belonged.
Byer is also the author of two self-help books - How To Be Ex-Free: 9 Keys To Happiness After Heartbreak, and How To Be A Responsibly Powerful Bitch.

 Personal life 
Byer has one son, Jordan Burg, with her ex-husband Mark Burg.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 References 

 External links 
Troy Byer at IMDb

Daniel Boldor
Daniel Boldor (born Daniel Cristian Boldor) is a Roma businessman from Baia Mare, Romania and CEO of Exiteco SRL, accused of fraud and forgery after his company sold thousands of tons of mining sludge to international metal traders as "gold [or copper] concentrate".

 Background 
Boldor grew up in Fersig, a village 30 mi (48 km) south of Baia Mare in the Satulung commune. In 2001, at age 24, Boldor left Baia Mare and travelled to West London, where he worked in the building trade. His first job was demolishing bathrooms and kitchens in the Harrow and Notting Hill neighborhoods. By 2007, he had set up his own construction firm operating across the United Kingdom and brought his four younger brothers from Romania to manage his various building sites. His projects included refurbishing the 100-room Enterprise hotel in Earls Court and renovation of the Harrow Central Mosque.Boldor claims the inspiration to start his business came to him in 2011, during a conversation with a former manager of the Cuprom mines. The local, he says, described Cuprom's mining equipment under Ceaușescu to be "rudimentary", incapable of fully extracting the most fine-grained gold or copper from its ore. Since Cuprom was built on a swamp, this local said, the only way to maintain structural integrity while building out the complex over the years had been to use this under-extracted backfill to fill in the marshland. This, Boldor claims, is why the dirt around the Cuprom complex contains millions of dollars of unprocessed gold and copper.
In 2012, Baia Mare's mayor declared hundreds of Roma shanties just outside the city unfit for habitation and forced the families to relocate into an abandoned block of offices in the Cuprom complex. For decades, Roma had made a living selling scrap metal from the same facilities. Boldor believed the only way to pull these Roma out of poverty was to show them what a successful Roma looked like. In 2013, he began hiring the Roma who had been forcibly relocated into the Cuprom offices to dig out, package, and sell the so-called "metal concentrate" for him.

 Exitico SRL and Minero Remediation 
In late 2015, 123 containers containing 2,723 tons of material sold to Chinese investors by Boldor's company arrived in Hong Kong. The containers were supposed to contain copper concentrate, a mining product which should have at least 30% or more of pure copper by weight, according to industry standards. However, when environmental regulators in Shanghai performed a customs check on one container, they found black rubble littered with chunks of concrete rubble and rusty bottle caps. Upon testing, the material was found to contain unsafe levels of cadmium and arsenic, a mark of possible mining waste rather than "ore concentrate". After being turned away at ports in Thailand and Malaysia, and a year of sitting in the docks in Hong Kong, authorities shipped the materials back to Romania where it sat in an industrial park in Constanța. An anonymous email in November 2016 alerted an official in Romania's National Environmental Guard to the incident, who forwarded it for investigation to Constanța's public prosecutor's office.By 2017, according to Boldor's records, his company had shipped 10 million tons of "mineral concentrate" out of Baia Mare to various international partners and had received more than 6 million euros in payment.

 2018 prosecution 
In June 2018, the public prosecutor's office in Constanța filed an indictment against Boldor on charges of money laundering, customs fraud, document forgery, improper collection and transport of hazardous waste, and tax evasion.The charges are based on a series of business deals from 2013 to 2018 in which thousands of tons of mining sludge from the abandoned Cuprom mining factory near Baia Mare were shipped to international investors and corporations as "metal concentrate" (specifically gold and copper) in exchange for millions of euros. The Cuprom mine and refinery complex was originally built under the administration of former Communist general secretary Nicolae Ceaușescu, and had since fallen into ruin. Boldor's clients were metal traders in countries including China, Thailand, South Korea, and the United States who, after receiving the shipments, claimed the materials were worthless and accused Boldor of obtaining falsified laboratory certifications.

 2021 
As of 2021, Boldor's company still owned around 40% of the Cuprom facility and planned to redevelop it into an industrial park using funds from selling supposedly vast under-extracted ore deposits underneath the mining complex. A second company headed by Brașov businessman Cristian Eftinca holds the other 60% and plans to develop the lands into 25 MWh photovoltaic park, along with the remaining 351.4-meter tall Cuprom chimney into a tourist attraction as the tallest chimney in Romania and third tallest in Europe.

 References 

Federal Correctional Institution, Forrest City
The Federal Correctional Institution, Forrest City (FCI Forrest City) is a United States federal prison for male inmates in Arkansas.  It is part of the Forrest City Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Forrest City) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice.  FCC Forrest City is located in eastern Arkansas, 85 miles east of Little Rock and 45 miles west of Memphis, Tennessee.The complex consists of four facilities:

Federal Correctional Institution, Forrest City Low (FCI Forrest City Low): a low-security facility.
Federal Correctional Institution, Forrest City Medium (FCI Forrest City Medium): a medium-security facility
A satellite prison camp adjacent to the facility houses minimum-security male offenders.The facility is named for the town of Forrest City, Arkansas, itself named for Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest.

 Facility and programs 
FCI Forrest City opened in April 1997. Inmates are housed in dormitories with cubicles. Educational opportunities include GED, ESL, continuing education and parenting courses. Career counseling and vocational training are also available, as well as a drug treatment program. A federal industries program, known as UNICOR, employs 300 inmates and produces a furniture line called "Harmony." All inmates at FCI Forrest City are required to perform a job assignment, including cleaning services, clerical duties, masonry, plumbing, painting, landscaping and welding.

 In media 
On October 10, 2013, FoxNews.com reported on how the United States federal government shutdown of 2013 was affecting employees at FCI Forrest City. Citing a story from WMC-TV, prison employees were unsure when the next time they would receive a paycheck amid the shutdown, but the inmates are continuing to get paid for jobs like landscaping. The report said that the inmates are still receiving checks because their funds come out of a trust fund that is not affected by the problems in Washington. About 600 workers at FCI Forrest City are impacted by the slimdown, the report said. "The inmates who have committed the crimes in this country and are incarcerated by violating the laws of common society, they’re not affected by the shutdown, but the employees that we trust to keep our communities safe are," Jeff Roberts, a prison employee who goes to work every day and does not get paid, told the station. Roberts added that there was concern among employees that they would be unable to pay bills.

 Notable inmates (current and former) 

 See also 
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States

 References 

 External links 
FCI Forrest City—low security official website
FCI Forrest City—medium security official website

John Wannuaucon Quinney
John Wannuaucon Quinney (1797 – July 21, 1855) was a Mahican (also Stockbridge) diplomat, and was nicknamed "The Dish".

 Biography 
He was a native of the Hudson River Valley in Connecticut but lived in several different places, notably Norwich, Connecticut, Stockbridge, Massachusetts, and Oneida, Wisconsin. He promoted native rights and integration into modernity as well as arguing from the standpoint of a small northern native population.

 Representative 
In 1822, Quinney was one of three agents who went to Green Bay, Wisconsin to purchase land for New York tribe members who wanted to resettle west into Wisconsin. They bought land from the Menominee Indians. Members moved west in one group per year until everyone was moved by 1829. In 1827, Menominee members met with United States Government officials to settle their boundary dispute. The Menominee ended up selling their land to the officials, including the land on the Fox River that they had sold to the Mahican. Quinney represented the Mahican in 1828 and 1830 by attempting to secure a title for the disputed land. The Menominee disowned their sale to the New York tribes. The Stockbridge and Munsee decided to negotiate a treaty with the United States government in 1831. The negotiations concluded in 1832 with these tribes securing two townships on the east shore of Lake Winnebago: Stockbridge, and Brothertown.He drafted a constitution for the tribe in 1837, ratified by over half of the tribe, which gave up their governance by heredity. Some members of the tribe were reluctant to give up their traditional governance, resulting in conflict in the tribe. They decided to sell half of their land so that some members could move farther west. For the next five years, Quinney represented the tribe before the United States Congress in attempts to settle losses from the numerous relocations. In 1843, the United States Congress made the tribe members United States citizens. Quinney represented some members who wanted a return to tribal status. He helped negotiate an 1848 treaty that said that the tribe could move west if suitable land was found. This had not occurred by 1852, so he asked Congress to grant him title to his home in Stockbridge, Wisconsin since he was too old and frail. His request was granted in 1854 and he became a United States citizen. Quinney died while living at Stockbridge, Wisconsin on July 21, 1855. The next year a treaty was negotiated with the Menominee to purchase the land that resulted in the final solution of a Stockbridge-Munsee Community.In Quinney's 1852 memorial to the United States Congress, he calls himself "a true Native American", which some scholars believe to be the first use of the term to describe the indigenous people of the Americas.

 Fourth of July Address at Reidsville, New York, 1854 
In this address, he states that as he has gotten older he has witnessed the increase of wealth and power of the Europeans while at the same time a decline of his tribe, he believes that their extinction is inevitable.  Quinney also speaks of a prophet who foretold the coming of the palefaces.  He states that at first there was an impression of astonishment and pity towards these white men which later turned to admiration for their superior intelligence.  He states that promises were ruthlessly broken by the white man, even intentionally broken.  He also claims the white man gave the Indians Small Pox and Measles along with other diseases to thin their ranks, in addition to promoting feuds amongst the tribes.  He makes a claim that if a piece of land were left by a tribe for purposes of hunting, that land would be said to be abandoned and would be taken.  He closes his speech by asking for justice for himself along with his tribe, exclaiming at the end, "may the Great Spirit enable me to die in hope."

 References 

Uzbekistan national football team
The Uzbekistan national football team (Uzbek: Oʻzbekiston milliy futbol terma jamoasi / Ўзбекистон миллий футбол терма жамоаси) represents Uzbekistan in international football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Association, the governing body for football in Uzbekistan.
Uzbekistan holds the highest competitive results among teams from Central Asia. Although they have never qualified to the World Cup, the team has qualified to every AFC Asian Cup since post-independence formation. At the 2011 Asian Cup, Uzbekistan reached the semi-finals of the tournament for the first time. At other competitions such as the Asian Games, Uzbekistan won the gold medal in 1994 in Japan, while finishing as the runners-up at the Afro-Asian Cup of Nations in 1995.

 History 
The year of birth of football in Uzbekistan is 1912 (read more in this article), since it was then that football teams were created in Kokand, a little later in Ferghana, Andijan, Tashkent, Samarkand, Bukhara and Urganch, between which began to be held long-distance matches. The first championship of Ferghana valley was held in 1914, the Championship of the Uzbekistan SSR began to be played since 1926, and the drawing of the Uzbekistan SSR Cup began to be carried out since 1939. From 1924 to 1991 Uzbekistan was part of the Soviet Union (USSR) as the Uzbekistan Soviet Socialist Republic (UzSSR).
In 1928, the national team of Uzbekistan was created for the first time, which took part in the Spartakiade, which included representatives of some European countries. At this tournament, the national team of Uzbekistan Soviet Socialist Republic held its first international match against team of jobs Switzerland and won with a score of 8:4. Until mid-1991, Uzbekistan was part of the USSR and had its own national team as well as the rest of the Union republics, which mostly played matches within teams and teams of the USSR, in particular in football tournaments of the Spartakiad of Peoples of the USSR. The national team of the Uzbekistan SSR participated in all draws of the football tournament of the Spartakiad of Peoples of the USSR, and in the 1986 tournament reached the final, lost to the Ukrainian SSR (modern Ukraine) team with a score of 0–1, thereby winning the silver medal of the tournament. Throughout the history of Soviet Union, Uzbekistan SSR was one of five main center of football development in the country, alongside Russia SFSR, Ukraine SSR, Belarus SSR and Georgia SSR.
The most powerful football clubs, as well as semi-professional and professional clubs of the Uzbekistan SSR participated in the USSR Football League (Higher League, First League, Second League and Second League B) and USSR Cup. Nonprofessional clubs of the Uzbekistan SSR participated in the Uzbekistan SSR Championship and the Uzbekistan SSR Cup.
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, and Uzbekistan gained independence, the national team of Uzbekistan of the new convocation was organized. The national team held its first matches in 1992. The first game of the national team of Uzbekistan was a match against Tajikistan, in the framework of the Central Asian Cup 1992 (the tournament was held once) initiated by FIFA. These matches are officially registered by FIFA on the basis of the fact that the national team of Uzbekistan has been allowed since 1992 to participate in tournaments held under the auspices of FIFA. At the drawing of this tournament in the format of the league, the national team of Uzbekistan was the second after the national team of Kazakhstan. In the first year of existence, the national team of Uzbekistan held matches only with the teams of Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan. In 1993, the team has not played a single match.
In 1992, Uzbekistan was also a member of the CIS national football team, which existed for one year and replaced the USSR national football team and instead participated in the Euro 1992.
Most of the former Soviet republics became members of UEFA (Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan), and Uzbekistan also wanted to become a member of UEFA. But like the rest of the republics of Central Asia (Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Turkmenistan), chose AFC. In 2002, Kazakhstan became a member of UEFA for better development of its football, but Uzbekistan chose to remain in the AFC. 
In 1994, the Uzbekistan Football Federation was officially adopted by the AFC and FIFA. In the same year Uzbekistan won in the international tournament the Cup of Independence of Uzbekistan, and at the end of the year the national team won in the ending the national team of China with the score 4:2, became the winner of football tournament of the Asian Games of 1994 which took place in the Japanese city of Hiroshima.

 1994 Asian Games 
The 1994 Asian Games tournament was considered as the shocking successful birth of Uzbekistan, and gives prelude for the rise of Uzbekistan as a serious Asian contender. The tournament would go on remembered as "Miracle of 1994".
Although the tournament was mostly for amateur players at the time (the under-23 competed only since 2002), Uzbekistan was not considered to be a favourite to win the tournament. In addition, the Uzbek team lacked support with only 17 players and a budget below $14.000 for the new born Football Federation. Conflict also emerged internally as Rustam Akramov was appointed as the head coach of Uzbekistan while the more popular Berador Abduraimov became assistant, which Abduraimov resented greatly. Not just that, many of its players, mostly Russian-ethnic based players, chose to represent Russia or Ukraine, or some to Nigeria, following the fall of USSR. The two major clubs, Pakhtakor and Neftchi, formed majority of their players for Uzbek team, traveling to Japan with little expectation.
Nonetheless, Uzbekistan would mark the tournament with an outstanding performance. Grouped with powerhouse Saudi Arabia, two Southeast Asian sides Thailand and Malaysia, alongside Hong Kong, the Uzbeks shocked Hiroshima with a 4–1 victory over the Saudis. It was followed by 5–0 victory over Malaysia, hard-fought 1–0 win over Hong Kong before sealing its first place in a 5–4 thriller over Thailand. In the quarter-finals, Uzbekistan crushed neighbor Turkmenistan 3–0 to advance to the semi-finals where they faced South Korea. The Korean side included nine players that had already participated in the 1994 FIFA World Cup and was expected to steamroll Uzbekistan easily, having beaten hosts Japan in the previous match. However, Uzbekistan shocked South Korea with a 1–0 victory to advance to the final, its first ever final since gaining independence from the Soviet Union.
In their final game against China, Uzbekistan created its miracle, beating the rising Chinese side 4–2 to capture its first and only Asian honor two years after its creation. This miraculous conquest gave Uzbekistan a new fresh image, and would boost Uzbekistan's position as a serious contender for future Asian competitions.

 1996 AFC Asian Cup 
Uzbekistan overcame its rival and neighbor Tajikistan in an insane comeback. Having been beaten 0–4 away in Dushanbe, Uzbekistan looked like would miss its debut. Yet, Uzbekistan overturned the game at home, crushing Tajikistan 5–0 to win 5–4 on aggregate, thus giving Uzbekistan its first ever debut in the tournament.
In 1996 AFC Asian Cup, Uzbekistan was grouped with Japan, China and Syria. Unlike the Asian Games, the Asian Cup was regarded as tougher because it consisted of professional teams. Under these conditions, Uzbekistan, which only appeared in the 1994 Asian Games, was regarded very low.
Yet, in their opening game against China, Uzbekistan stunned all predictions. Despite rampant Chinese pressure, Uzbekistan held their nerves and overcame China with two shock late goals to give them a 2–0 win and its first ever points in the tournament. This shock victory of Uzbekistan, however, raised alarms for other opponents, Japan and Syria didn't tolerate Uzbekistan, and destroyed the Uzbeks in the two decisive matches. Because of it, Uzbekistan stood bottom in their group and failed to make it through the first round.

 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification 
Uzbekistan put a decent performance in the country's first-ever attempt to qualify for World Cup, at the 1998 World Cup qualifiers. Grouped with Yemen, Cambodia and Indonesia in the first stage, Uzbekistan proved to be too strong for the rest, with the team only failed to win once, an away draw to the Indonesians. Shortly after, the Uzbeks gallantly marched into the final stage, however, things would prove to be more difficult, with Uzbekistan did not have luck in facing with more powerful South Korea, Japan and the UAE. The only win for Uzbekistan came after the match against neighbor Kazakhstan. Little to know for many Uzbek supporters, this would begin to make the country as the choker of every major World Cup qualifications, with the team often fell short in their final quest.

 2000 AFC Asian Cup 
The 2000 AFC Asian Cup for Uzbekistan was a whitewashed moment, in a terrible way as it became Uzbekistan's worst ever performance in many major competition. Grouped again with Japan, Saudi Arabia and the new opponent Qatar, Uzbekistan was dumped in the bottom once more, with two devastating losses to Saudi Arabia and Japan, alongside its 1–1 draw to Qatar.

 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification 
Uzbekistan participated in the first round in order to qualify for the 2002 FIFA World Cup in Japan and South Korea. As thing stood, Uzbekistan were able to dominate the group stage and qualify for the second round. The group contained themselves with China, the UAE, Oman and Qatar. The Uzbeks were unable to make any major breakthrough in the second round, losing twice to the Emirates, two away defeats toward China and Oman and an away draw to Qatar confirmed Uzbekistan's failure to qualify, despite a late win over already qualified China in the final match.

 2004 AFC Asian Cup 
Uzbekistan failed to make further impact on the continental stage until they reached the last eight of the 2004 Asian Cup, topping their group after winning all matches, where they were beaten by Bahrain after a penalty shoot-out.

 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification 
That performance was followed by a victory over Iraq in the second qualifying round for the 2006 World Cup in Germany, with goals from Maksim Shatskikh and Alexander Geynrikh sending them through to the last eight.
They were knocked out in the final stage of the Asian qualification to the 2006 World Cup after losing on the away goals rule to Bahrain. The result was subject to controversy as actually three games were played; the first, a 1–0 win for Uzbekistan, was wiped out after FIFA declared the result void after a mistake by Toshimitsu Yoshida, a Japanese referee. The replay ended 1–1, and after the return finished 0–0, Uzbekistan were eliminated.

 2007 AFC Asian Cup 
In the 2007 Asian Cup, Uzbekistan was able to get past the group stage by beating Malaysia 5–0 and China PR 3–0. However, Uzbekistan was knocked out of the tournament in the quarter-finals by losing to Saudi Arabia 2–1.

 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification 
After having three foreign coaches (German Hans-Jürgen Gede, Englishman Bob Houghton and Russian Valeri Nepomniachi) in three years, Uzbekistan turned to former Uzbekistan Olympic team coach Rauf Inileev. During qualification for the 2010 World Cup, Uzbekistan advanced to the fourth round of the Asian qualifiers after winning their first four matches, but finished last in Group A of the final round behind favorites Australia, Japan, Bahrain and Qatar, with four points from eight matches.

 2011 AFC Asian Cup 
Four years later, in the 2011 Asian Cup, Uzbekistan ended in fourth place, their all-time best result in the tournament. After getting past the group stage and quarter-finals, the Uzbek team lost their first opportunity to reach the Asian Cup finals when Australia thrashed the team 0–6 in the semi-final game. Several days later, they were defeated again by South Korea in the third place match 3-2.

 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification 
In qualification for the 2014 World Cup, Uzbekistan advanced to the fourth round of the Asian qualifiers after winning their group in the third round over perennial favorites Japan. Uzbekistan finished with 16 points (five wins and one draw), which was more than any other team in the third round, including an impressive 1–0 away win against Japan.
In the fourth round of the qualifiers, Uzbekistan finished third in Group A behind Iran and South Korea. Uzbekistan had the same number of points as South Korea (14 points), who had a better goal difference by one goal.
The two teams who finished third in the fourth round groups (Jordan and Uzbekistan) played each other in the fifth round to determine the AFC participant in the intercontinental play-off. The games took place on 6 and 10 September 2013. With the two teams still evenly matched at full-time in the second leg, Jordan eventually progressed to the intercontinental play-off after winning 9–8 on penalties.

 2015 AFC Asian Cup 
In the 2015 Asian Cup, Uzbekistan advanced to the quarter-finals after finishing as runners-up in the tough Group B, which was won by China, while Saudi Arabia and North Korea were eliminated. However, the team was knocked out of the tournament in the quarter-finals after losing 2–0 in extra time to South Korea.

 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification 
Uzbekistan continued their quest to head to the World Cup during 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification in Russia, but their campaign had been shattered with a humiliating 2–4 defeat to North Korea. However, the Uzbeks soon bounced back and won the last remaining matches to top the group and qualified to the 2019 AFC Asian Cup as well as the last round. Once again, Uzbekistan in the last round, missed an opportunity when they finished fourth, behind Iran, South Korea and Syria, when Uzbekistan could only manage a 0–0 draw to the South Koreans last match.

 2019 AFC Asian Cup 
Uzbekistan started their 2019 Asian Cup campaign with a 2–1 victory over Oman and continued with a 4–0 win over neighbor Turkmenistan, which guaranteed Uzbekistan to progress from the group stage for the fifth consecutive time, despite ending with a 1–2 defeat to Japan in the last match. However, they had to face Australia, then-champions of Asia. Despite playing well, Uzbekistan could not break the deadlock as it ended 0–0 after 120 minutes. In the penalty shootout, Australia prevailed with a 4–2 win, thus Uzbekistan's dream was crushed in the round of sixteen.

 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification 
In the second qualifying round for the 2022 World Cup, Uzbekistan suffered another disappointment by failing to qualify for the final round, a first since the Central Asian team had always reached the final round since it took part in the qualifying rounds of a World Cup, the first time being the 1998 edition. The White Wolves did not manage to finish among the five best runners-up, with a record of 5 wins against 3 defeats (in the first and second leg against Saudi Arabia, leader of group D, as well as in the first leg away against Palestine), in which the latter's shock loss to Palestine proved detrimental. Moreover, Uzbekistan's failure was also compounded by the fact that North Korea, originally competed in the qualification's Group H of the same round, surprisingly withdrew due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in which FIFA and AFC then ruled North Korea's results as null and void, directly played a crucial role in helping other Group H opponent Lebanon to qualify ahead of Uzbekistan, since Lebanon's original results against North Korea were poor with a draw and a loss.

 2023 AFC Asian Cup qualification 
Uzbekistan then took part in the third qualifying round for the 2023 Asian Cup. Designated as the host country of Group C (due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Asia), the Central Asians took advantage of this advantage and the relative weakness of most of their opponents to win all three games and finish top of their group without conceding a goal, validating their qualification for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup.

 Team image 

 Nicknames 
The Uzbekistan national team has received several nicknames by supporters and media. The most common one used is "The White Wolves" (Uzbek: Oq boʻrilar  / Оқ бўрилар).Also, the Uzbekistan national football team is called "Asian Italy" (Uzbek: Osiyo Italiyasi / Осиё Италияси). This is due to the similarity of colors (white and blue) clothing teams of Italy and Uzbekistan, as well as similar tactics (defensive football) of these teams. The Uzbekistan Super League is often considered to be similar to Italian Serie A. Also, the history of Uzbekistan is as rich and ancient as the history of Italy.Also the team of Uzbekistan is called "Huma birds" (Uzbek: Humo qushlari / Ҳумо қушлари). The mythical Huma bird is the national bird of Uzbekistan, and is depicted on the state emblem of Uzbekistan. The Huma bird is depicted on the emblem of the National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Uzbekistan.Sometimes the Uzbekistan national football is called "Turanians" (Uzbek: Turonliklar / Туронликлар), because the current country of Uzbekistan is located in the center of this ancient region Turan, and all the ancient and major cities of this region are located in this country, and therefore Uzbekistan is considered by some to be the successor of the Turan.

 Rivalries 
The main rivals of the Uzbekistan national team are the countries of Central Asia, the national teams of Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Kyrgyzstan. However, the main and most important rivals of the national team of Uzbekistan are Kazakhstan and Tajikistan. The matches between the countries of Central Asia have always aroused great interest among fans throughout the region, in spite of Uzbekistan's dominance since the fall of the USSR. Football is one of the instruments of rivalry between the states of Central Asia, dating back to the Soviet era.

 Kit sponsorship 

 Home stadium 
From the moment of its formation (1992) until the end of 2012, the main home stadium of the Uzbekistan national football team was the Pakhtakor Central Stadium in Tashkent, built and opened in 1956. This stadium is also the venue for home matches of Pakhtakor Football Club. During the USSR, this stadium was home for the Uzbekistan SSR national team. Was reconstructed in 1996, 2008 and 2012 and currently holds 35,000 spectators (before this capacity was 55,000 spectators). For today's time the national team of Uzbekistan holds only some of the matches at Pakhtakor Stadium.
From 2013 to the present, the main home stadium of the Uzbekistan national team is the Milliy Stadium (until 2018 was named Bunyodkor Stadium), built in 2008–2012 and accommodating 34,000 spectators. This stadium is also a home for the Bunyodkor Football Club.

 Home venues record 
Last updated: 21 November 2023. Statistics include official FIFA-recognised matches only.

 Results and fixtures 

The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
  Win
  Draw
  Loss
  Fixture

 2023 

 2024 

 Coaching staff 
As of 3 February 2024

 Coaching history 

 Players 

 Current squad 
The following 26 players were called up for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup.Caps and goals correct as of 30 January 2024 after the match against  Thailand

 Recent call-ups 
The following players have been called for the last 12 months and are still eligible to represent.

 Player records 
As of 23 January 2024
Players in bold are still active with Uzbekistan.

 Most capped players 

 Top goalscorers 

 Competitive record 

 FIFA World Cup 

 AFC Asian Cup 

 Asian Games 
Football at the Asian Games has been an under-23 tournament since 2002.

 CAFA Nations Cup 

 Head-to-head record 

As of 3 February 2024 after the match against  Qatar.  Positive Record
  Neutral Record
  Negative Record

 By confederation 

 FIFA ranking history 

FIFA-ranking yearly averages for Uzbekistan (1994–2023)As of 21 December 2023

 Honours 
IntercontinentalAfro-Asian Cup of Nations
Runners-up (1): 1995ContinentalAsian Games
Gold medal (1): 1994
Asian Cup
Fourth place (1): 2011RegionalCAFA Championship
Runners-up: 2023Frienly/InvitationalNavruz Cup 
Champions (1): 2022
Merdeka Tournament
Champions (1): 2001
Central Asian Cup
Runner-up (1): 1992
China Cup
Third place (1): 2019

 See also 
Uzbekistan national football team results
Uzbekistan national under-23 football team
Uzbekistan national under-20 football team
Uzbekistan national under-17 football team
Uzbekistan national futsal team
Football in Uzbekistan
Sport in Uzbekistan

 References 

 External links 

Official website (in English and Uzbek)
FIFA website
AFC website

Magkano Ba ang Pag-ibig?
Magkano Ba ang Pag-ibig? (International title: Wealth and Passion / transl. How Much is the Love?) is a Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network. Directed by Maryo J. de los Reyes, it stars Heart Evangelista. It premiered on September 30, 2013, on the network's Afternoon Prime line up replacing Maghihintay Pa Rin. The series concluded on February 14, 2014, with a total of 100 episodes. It was replaced by Innamorata in its timeslot.

 Cast and characters 

Lead castHeart Evangelista as Eloisa AguirreSupporting castSid Lucero as Luciano "Lucio" Aragon / Chino Aguirre
Dominic Roco as Bobby Buenaventura
Katrina Halili as Margarita "Margot" Cruz
Alessandra de Rossi as Geraldine "Gigi" Buenaventura
Isabel Oli as Richelle Mangahas
Ana Capri as Lualhati Macaraeg
Pen Medina as Andoy
Shamaine Centenera-Buencamino as Loida Aguirre
Luz Valdez as Rosing Villasanta
Vangie Labalan as Sonia Aguirre
Rommel Padilla as Oscar Ramos
Celia Rodriguez as Hilaria BuenaventuraGuest castElla Cruz as younger Eloisa
Francis Magundayao as younger Lucio
Kiel Rodriguez as younger Chino
Leandro Baldemor as younger Bobby
Mona Louise Rey as younger Gigi
Lloyd Samartino as younger Lualhati
Jillian Ward as youngest Richelle

 Ratings 
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Magkano Ba ang Pag-ibig? earned a 12.4% rating. While the final episode scored a 15.9% rating.

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Magkano Ba ang Pag-ibig? at IMDb

Ismail Bakar
Ismail bin Haji Bakar (Jawi: إسماعيل بن حاج بكر; born 19 January 1960) is the 14th Chief Secretary to the Government of Malaysia from 29 August 2018 until 31 December 2019.

 Education background 
Ismail holds a Bachelor of Economics (Hons) degree from University of Malaya and a Master of Business Administration degree and a doctorate from the University of Hull, United Kingdom. 

 Career 
Ismail joined the Administrative and Diplomatic Service as an Assistant Secretary at the Federal Treasury, Ministry of Finance on July 1983. He had served as the secretary-general of the Ministry of Agriculture and Agro-based Industry and the Ministry of Transport; budget director at the National Budget Office of the Ministry of Finance and senior advisor at the World Bank headquarters in Washington DC, United States. 

 Honours 
 Malaysia :
 Commander of the Order of the Defender of the Realm (PMN) – Tan Sri (2019)
 Malacca :
 Companion Class II of the Exalted Order of Malacca (DPSM) – Datuk (2012)
 Pahang :
 Grand Knight of the Order of Sultan Ahmad Shah of Pahang (SSAP) – Dato' Sri (2015)
 Federal Territory (Malaysia):
 Grand Commander of the Order of the Territorial Crown (SMW) – Datuk Seri (2016)

 References 

 External links 
Chief Secretary's website

Orchard Park, New York
Orchard Park is an incorporated town in Erie County, New York. It is an outer ring suburb southeast of Buffalo. As of the 2010 census, the population was 29,054, representing an increase of 5.13% from the 2000 census figure. The town contains a village also named Orchard Park. Orchard Park is one of the Southtowns of Erie County and is best known as the site of Highmark Stadium, home of the National Football League's Buffalo Bills.

 History 
In 1803, Didymus C. Kinney and wife Phebe (Hartwell) purchased land and built a cabin in the southwest corner of the township, which has since been turned into a museum. The following year, a migration of Quaker settlers began.
The town was separated from the town of Hamburg in 1850 and was first named "Ellicott", after Joseph Ellicott, an agent of the Holland Land Company. Within months, the name was changed to the town of "East Hamburgh". Around 1934, the town was renamed "Orchard Park" after its principal settlement.
In the early 1900s, a large fire burned down most of the central part of the village of Orchard Park around South Buffalo Street.
The Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station and the Johnson-Jolls Complex are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

 Geography 
Orchard Park is located at 42°46′N 78°44′W (42.7622, -78.7414). The village of Orchard Park is 14 miles (23 km) southeast of downtown Buffalo.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 38.52 square miles (99.76 km2), of which 38.44 square miles (99.56 km2) is land and 0.08 square miles (0.21 km2), or 0.21%, is water.

 Major routes 
U.S. Route 219 passes through the west part of the town and forms junctions with U.S. Route 20A (Quaker Street) and NY 179 (Milestrip Road).
U.S. Route 20 (Southwestern Boulevard) passes through the north part of the town and forms a junction with NY 277 and NY 240 (Orchard Park Road).

 Adjacent towns and cities 
Town of West Seneca - north
City of Lackawanna - northwest
Town of Hamburg - west
Town of Boston - south
Town of Colden - southeast
Town of Aurora - east
Town of Elma - northeast

 Demographics 
As of the census of 2010, there were 28,272 people, 11,553 households, and 7,656 families residing in the town. The population density was 717.7 inhabitants per square mile (277.1/km2). There were 10,644 housing units at an average density of 276.4 per square mile (106.7/km2).  The racial makeup of the town was 97.9% White, 0.5% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.9% Asian, <0.1% Pacific Islander, 0.2% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0% of the population.
There were 10,277 households, out of which 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.3% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.5% were non-families. 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.09.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 25.2% under the age of 18, 5.7% from 18 to 24, 25.6% from 25 to 44, 26.8% from 45 to 64, and 16.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.7 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $151,227, and the median income for a family was $112,906. About 1.1% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the poverty line.

 Government 
The town of Orchard Park has a supervisor-council form of government.  Elected at large positions are Supervisor, Council Member, Clerk, Highway Superintendent and Town Justice. Other appointed positions are Town Attorney and Deputy Attorney, Engineer, Assessor, Building Inspector, Recreation and Youth Services Director and Chief of Police.

 Supervisors 

 Town of Orchard Park 
Eugene Majchrzak (2022–Present)
Joseph Liberti (2020-2021) Served as the Deputy Supervisor w/o voting power
Dr. Patrick J. Keem (2014–2020) (resigned)
Janis Colarusso (2010–2013)
Mary Travers Murphy (2006–2009)
Toni M. Cudney (1998–2005)
Dennis J. Mill (1989–1997)
Eugene B. Woodard (1968–1989)
Clarence F. Henning (1949–1967)
Melvin L. Bong (1938–1948)
Jacob C. Newton (1932–1937)

 Town of East Hamburgh 
Clinton Ebenezer Holmes (1923–1931)
Frank F. Holmwood (1900–1922)

 Communities and locations in the Town of Orchard Park 
Armor – A hamlet at the west town line.
Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station - A former railroad station listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Chestnut Ridge Park – A popular county park with a wide range of activities, located in the south section of the town on Chestnut Ridge Road (Route 277).
Duells Corner – A hamlet south of Orchard Park village.
Ellicott – A hamlet south of Orchard Park village.
SUNY Erie – The official location of the south campus, although most of the campus is in the adjacent town of Hamburg.
Loveland – A hamlet on the east town line.
Village of Orchard Park – A village located at the junction of Routes 240 and U.S. 20A.
Highmark Stadium – The home stadium of the NFL's Buffalo Bills lies on the western edge of the town in the hamlet of Windom.
Webster Corners – A hamlet north of the village of Orchard Park by the intersection of Webster and Orchard Park Roads.

 Places of interest 
Chestnut Ridge Park, the largest park in Erie County, is located in the southern end of the town.
The Eternal Flame Falls is a small waterfall located in the Shale Creek Preserve, a section of Chestnut Ridge Park.

 Education 
The Orchard Park Central School District operates four K-5 elementary schools (Eggert, Ellicott, South Davis, and Windom), Orchard Park Middle School, and Orchard Park High School. The mascot for the Orchard Park's athletic teams is a Quaker.
Bryant & Stratton College is in Orchard Park. 
Erie Community College (ECC) is at the western town line.
Orchard Park also has a number of private, Catholic schools, including Nativity and St. John Vianney. Our Lady of the Sacred Heart (pre-k through 8), closed in 2014 after exhaustive research conducted by the Diocese of Buffalo on demographics, finances and educational relevance.

 Culture 

 Art 
The annual Orchard Park Festival of the Arts, an outdoor art and craft show, is held each year on the third weekend of September, on the campus of Orchard Park Middle School. It is sponsored by the Orchard Park Chamber of Commerce. It was organized as the Quaker Arts Festival in the 1960s by Orchard Parkers John Coleman of The Suburban Press and Chet Seymour of the Orchard Park Presbyterian Church, and was originally held on the grounds of the Orchard Park Presbyterian Church. It was run  by the Orchard Park Jaycees from 1963 to 2017.

 Music 
Since 1985, under the direction of the Orchard Park Council of the Arts, local businesses and the town of Orchard Park sponsor free outdoor musical entertainment throughout the summer at the pavilion bandstand on the grounds of the middle school.
Organized in 1949, the Orchard Park Symphony Orchestra, composed of more than 70 volunteer musicians, performs four regular concerts each year in the high school auditorium.
The Orchard Park Chorale was founded in 1975 under the sponsorship of the Adult Education Program of the Orchard Park School District. Its more than fifty singers perform regularly at the Orchard Park Presbyterian Church.

 Sports 
Highmark Stadium, the home stadium of the NFL's Buffalo Bills is located in Orchard Park.
West Herr Field, the home stadium of Erie Community College's football team, is located in Orchard Park adjacent to Highmark Stadium.
The Orchard Park High School football team won the 2008 and 2011 New York State Public High School Class AA Championship.
The Orchard Park High School baseball team won the 1988 State Championship.
The Orchard Park High School volleyball team won the 2008 New York State Championship.
The 1993 and 1994 Orchard Park Little League Baseball team won the New York State Championship.  They recently won five Section titles in three summers with one team winning three in the 10u, 11u, and 12u divisions.

 Media 

 Print newspapers 
The Orchard Park Bee, a weekly newspaper

 Notable people 

 Business and industry 
John Koelmel, board chairman at Kaleida Health and chairman of the New York Power Authority

 Entertainers and actors 
John Gurtler, sportscaster
Eric Herman, children's music entertainer
Rick James (1948–2004), musician
Brooke Lauren, film and TV producer
John Murphy, play-by-play announcer for the Buffalo Bills
Danny Neaverth, disc jockey and TV personality
William Sadler, actor; Saturn Award winner

 Sports 
Josh Allen, quarterback for the Buffalo Bills
Brandon Beane, general manager of the Buffalo Bills
Jim Burt, former NFL nose tackle for the San Francisco 49ers and New York Giants
Wray Carlton, former AFL halfback with the Buffalo Bills who scored the first-ever touchdown for the Bills
Jon Corto, former Buffalo Bills player
Brian Dux, former professional basketball player
Patrick Emerling, racing driver
Dave Hollins, former Major League baseball player (Phillies, Twins, Mariners)
Jim Kelly, former quarterback for the Buffalo Bills and member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame
Lex Luger a.k.a. Lawrence ("Larry") Wendell Pfohl, former professional wrestler
Travis Mayer, Olympic silver medalist in freestyle skiing
Sean McDermott, head coach of the Buffalo Bills
Von Miller, NFL outside linebacker for the Buffalo Bills
Brian Moorman, former NFL punter for the Buffalo Bills
Lonnie Nielsen, professional golfer
Ron Pitts, former NFL player
Josh Thomas, defensive end for the NFL Indianapolis Colts
Craig Wolfley, former NFL offensive lineman for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Minnesota Vikings
Ron Wolfley, former NFL fullback for the Arizona Cardinals and Cleveland Browns, current radio analyst for Arizona Cardinals

 Religion, charities, social advocacy 
Mary Travers Murphy, executive director of the Family Justice Center of Erie County
Robert Stearns, an American pastor and Evangelical Christian leader

 References 

 External links 

Town of Orchard Park official website
 Orchard Park travel guide from Wikivoyage

Don Coyhis
Don Lawrence Coyhis (born August 16, 1943) is an alcohol and addiction recovery counselor known for designing treatment programs primarily for Native Americans. He is the founder and president of White Bison, Inc., a non-profit charitable organization devoted to assisting Native Americans who are affected by substance use disorders. In 1994 Coyhis started the Wellbriety Movement which aims to reduce substance abuse among Native Americans.

 Biography 
Coyhis is a Mohican Indian born and raised on the Stockbridge-Munsee Reservation in Wisconsin. Both of his parents were survivors of American Indian boarding schools, an experience that left them so traumatized that they had difficulty showing affection. Coyhis grew up "a troubled child to troubled parents...Drinking was the way of life."As an adult, Coyhis left the reservation and in 1978 went to work for the Digital Equipment Corporation in Colorado Springs, eventually becoming senior manager. He designed and taught programs on leadership and diversity. His clients included AT&T, Lucent Technologies, the U.S. Forest Service, and the Bureau of Land Management. After having struggled with alcoholism for many years, drinking threatened his career and Coyhis became sober in 1978. He joined Alcoholics Anonymous where he sponsored several "difficult cases," finding satisfaction in the challenge they presented, but wondering if he could do more.Coyhis felt out of touch with his recovery group and suspected that other Native Americans felt the same. In 1988 he was invited by another Indian to go on a five-day fast in the Rampart Range mountains. There he had a vision of a white bison, which inspired him to help other Native Americans quit drinking. In 1990 he began doing sobriety workshops in the Idaho prison system, then quit his job in 1992 to devote his life to helping others recover from alcoholism, founding White Bison, Inc., a nonprofit charitable organization.

 Wellbriety Movement 
In 1994 he obtained a small grant to work with Native Americans in Maine. He began meeting with Elders and other people in Passamaquoddy community. As part of their work they began working with the metaphor of the Sacred Hoop. Elders explained that the Sacred Hoop has the power to confer four gifts: forgiveness, unity, healing and hope. Coyhis then decided to take the Hoop to other Native American communities, making the first Hoop journey to 35 Native American colleges in 1999. He made ten journeys with the Hoop, logging hundreds of thousands of miles each year in an effort to bring the "Wellbriety Movement" to 100 Native communities by the year 2010. Before receiving a sustained commitment for support from White Bison, Native communities have to demonstrate a commitment to recovery by declaring a collective desire to break entrenched patterns of passivity, helplessness, and hopelessness. Once significant progress has been achieved, a community is awarded a handmade "big drum" as a sign of respect.

 Firestarters 
On the Hoop journeys Coyhis recruited people recovering from alcohol dependence to act as "firestarters," leaders of Native American recovery and support groups. Firestarters may choose to lead recovery groups for men, women, Al-Anon (support for friends and relatives of alcoholics), addictions prevention and wellness for Native American boys ages 13 to 17 or for Native American girls ages 8 to 17, support for family healing, or for children of alcoholics.

 The role of community and culture in recovery 
The term "wellbriety" is derived from a Passamaquoddy word that means to be both sober and well. According to Coyhis, "It means going beyond survival to thrive in one’s own life and in the life of the community. It means living by the laws and values of traditional Native American culture." Coyhis believes that it is not enough to put an individual into rehab or a recovery group to treat alcohol or drug dependence:

"We must actively heal the community and its institutions at the same time an individual works on his or her own healing from alcohol or drugs or other unwell behaviors. The individual affects the community and the community affects the individual. They are inseparable from the point of view of addiction recovery. Everything must be in the healing process simultaneously."
Coyhis also feels that historical and intergenerational trauma are responsible for much of the substance use seen among Native Americans. He argues that restoring cultural identity by returning to the principles, laws, and values of traditional Native culture promotes healing mentally, physically, emotionally and spiritually. Coyhis acknowledges that each individual needs to work hard to overcome drug and alcohol dependence, but cautions that a healthy sociocultural environment makes the healing process less painful and more likely to succeed. He frames this concept in terms of the "healing forest," wherein a sick tree can only recover if the rest of the forest is healthy. This holistic approach represents a conceptual breakthrough by emphasizing the role of the community in recovery.

 Expanded mission 
Coyhis studied the underlying causes of alcoholism, then decided to expand White Bison's mission to include drug addiction, dysfunctional families and relationships, as well as suicide. Coyhis’ model, known as the "Medicine Wheel 12-Step," uses a twelve-step program similar to that used by Alcoholics Anonymous, but it also incorporates cultural elements, including a medicine wheel, group drum circles, songs, healing ceremonies, the teachings of elders, and it does not use the AA model of anonymity. In 2005 Coyhis launched Warrior Down, a program that supports re-entry for Native Americans using a multi-faceted and traditional approach. Through a supportive team of peer support specialists, the program provides resources, programming, recovery support, recidivism prevention, and community referrals for those re-entering the community from treatment or from various forms of incarceration.In 2001 Coyhis met addiction specialist William L. White and they began collaborating on two books: The Red Road to Wellbriety in the Native American Way, and Alcohol Problems in Native America: The Untold Story of Resistance and Recovery, both of which were published by Coyhis Publishing & Consulting, Inc. in 2006. The Red Road lays out Coyhis' philosophy for a culturally-appropriate treatment paradigm (referred to as the red road) for Native Americans and their families who are affected by substance abuse. Alcohol Problems in Native America examines the history of alcohol and Native Americans, including Native American temperance activists, and analyzes the successes and failures of addiction treatment programs run for and by Native Americans.In 2009 Coyhis received the Purpose Prize from the John Templeton Foundation with a monetary award of $100,000. The award allowed Coyhis to establish a Wellbriety Training Institute with the aim of bringing Wellbriety programs to all of the 574 federally recognized tribes in the United States.Coyhis is on the faculty of the Alberta Family Wellness Initiative. He has eight adult children, several of whom are themselves recovering from alcohol dependence.

 Publications 
Don Coyhis and White Bison, Inc., The Red Road to Wellbriety in the Native American Way,  Colorado Springs, CO: Coyhis Publishing & Consulting, Inc., 2006 ISBN 0971990409
Don L. Coyhis, Understanding Native American Culture: Insights for Recovery Professionals and Other Wellness Practitioners, Coyhis Publishing & Consulting, Inc., 2nd edition, 2009 ISBN 1607259435
Don L. Coyhis, Meditations with Native American Elders: The Four Seasons, Coyhis Publishing & Consulting, Inc. 2007 ISBN 1605304514
Don L. Coyhis and William L. White, Alcohol Problems in Native America: The Untold Story of Resistance and Recovery, Colorado Springs, CO: Coyhis Publishing & Consulting, Inc., 2006
Moore, D., and Coyhis, D. 2010 "The Multicultural Wellbriety Peer Recovery Support Program: Two Decades of Community-Based Recovery," July 2010 Alcoholism Treatment Quarterly 28(3):273-292
Jan Gryczynski, Jeannette Johnson & Don Coyhis (2007) "The Healing Forest Metaphor Revisited: The Seen and “Unseen World” of Drug Use," Substance Use & Misuse, 42:2-3, 475-484
Don Coyhis, Richard Simonelli, "Rebuilding Native American Communities," Child Welfare, Vol. 84, No. 2, March/April 2005
Don L. Coyhis, The Wellbriety Movement Comes of Age: The Fulfillment of Prophecy, Colorado Springs, CO: Coyhis Publishing & Consulting, Inc., 2011

 External links 
White Bison website
Wellbriety Movement
Bill White interviews Don Coyhis, 2007
Don Coyhis: Reflections on a Man and a Movement

 See also 
Alcohol and Native Americans
The red road
Native American temperance activists
William L. White

 References 

RCD Espanyol B
Reial Club Deportiu Espanyol de Barcelona "B" is the reserve team of the RCD Espanyol, club based in Barcelona, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. The team was founded in 1991 and plays in the Segunda Federación – Group 3, holding home matches at the 3,000-seat capacity Ciutat Esportiva Dani Jarque.
Unlike the English League, reserve teams in Spain play in the same football pyramid as their senior team rather than a separate league. However, reserve teams cannot play in the same division as their senior team and are no longer able to compete in the Copa del Rey.

 History 
In 1981, the Futbol Club Cristinenc was created in Santa Cristina d'Aro, Province of Girona. The club had a speedy progression through the lower divisions until it reached the fourth division. It had also become a feeder club for the RCD Español.In 1991 the team changed its denomination to the Cristinenc-Espanyol, being renamed the Real Club Deportivo Espanyol B three years later, while also gaining reserve team status for Espanyol. It fluctuated between the fourth and the third levels in the following decades, the longest spell being five years, with a second position in the 2001–02 season. The Catalan outfit failed to promote during the team's three visits to the playoffs.
In the 2009–10 Espanyol B finished in 16th position, above the relegation zone, and dropped down a division in the relegation playoffs.

 Season to season 
As FC CristinencAs RCD Espanyol's reserve team20 seasons in Segunda División B
3 seasons in Segunda Federación
12 seasons in Tercera División
7 seasons in Categorías Regionales

 Honours 
Tercera División: 1994–95, 2008–09, 2017–18

 Players 

 Current squad 
As of 12 September 2023.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 From Youth Academy 
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

 Current technical staff 

 Notable players 

Note: This list includes players that have appeared in at least 100 top league games and/or have reached international status.

 References 

 External links 

Espanyol official website
Futbolme team profile (in Spanish)

La muerte de un burócrata
La muerte de un burócrata (Death of a Bureaucrat) is a 1966 comedy film by Cuban director Tomás Gutiérrez Alea which pokes fun at the Communist bureaucracy and red tape and how it affects the lives of the common people who have to waste time and overcome hurdles just to get on with their ordinary lives.

"It is, as the title suggests, a satire on bureaucracy and red tape, but also on a lot of other sad and mediocre things which we have to put up with at times. However, I have to say that I don’t have much faith in the efficacy of satire as a “driving force of history.” When making the film we thought: we are laughing at the bureaucrats, but then the bureaucrats will come and not only will the film make them laugh, but they will laugh at themselves."— Tomás Gutiérrez Alea, Director’s Statement, La Biennale di Venezia

 Plot 
The story begins with the death of a model worker, who is buried with his labor card as a badge of honor. However, his widow is told she needs that card to claim the benefits she is entitled to. The story then takes several surreal turns, as the family of the dead man tries to recover the precious card from the grave. But, since there is no record of the body being exhumed, the bureaucracy turns down the family's wish to re-bury the body, because all the official documents show he deceased has already been buried...

 Cast 
Salvador Wood as Nephew
Silvia Planas as Aunt
Manuel Estanillo as Bureaucrat
Omar Alfonso as Cojimar
Tania Alvarado
Pedro Pablo Astorga
Alicia Bustamante
Gaspar De Santelices as Nephew's boss
Rafael Díaz
Roberto Gacio
Carlos Gargallo
Elsa Montero as Sabor
Rolando de los Reyes
Fausto Rodríguez
Luis Romay as El Zorro
Carlos Ruiz de la Tejera as Psychiatrist
Rafael Sosa
Richard Suarez as Tarafa
Rolando Vidal
Laura Zarrabeitia

 Distribution 
"The film was wildly popular in Cuban theaters, but, reportedly, because of its bitter mockery of key elements in Cuba’s emerging socialist society, Alea had to have the film smuggled out of Cuba for its release in the US."

 Awards 
Special Jury Prize – Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, shared with Jean-Paul Rappeneau's La Vie de château

 Reception 
"A satiric comment on contemporary Cuban society, it is also a film deeply attuned to the history of the cinema, with references to and echoes of Chaplin, Laurel & Hardy, and Buñuel, among others, all cited in the opening credits."
"It is a black-and-white, full-length comedy about a country which has undergone a socialist revolution and now insists its bureaucrats provide equal treatment for all, including the dead. The newly socialist country is a thinly veiled Cuba, and the comedic twists and characters reminiscent of Hollywood comedy traditions and stars such as Charles Chaplin, Laurel and Hardy, Buster Keaton and even Marilyn Monroe; also included is a touch of surrealism and black humor reminiscent of Buñuel."

 Allusions 
The machinery of the Martí bus factory references Chaplin's Modern Times. The fight at the cemetery gates references Laurel & Hardy's fights. Juanchin's dreams reference Buñuel's An Andalusian Dog.Alea dedicates, in the initial credits, to these, Ingmar Bergman, Akira Kurosawa and other film directors.

 Preservation 
La Muerte de un Burócrata was preserved by the Academy Film Archive in 2019.

 See also 
List of Cuban films

 References 

 External links 
La Revolución Cubana filmada por Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
Tomas Gutierrez Alea: The Dialectics of a Filmmaker
La muerte de un burócrata at IMDb

Mike McLaughlin (basketball)
Mike McLaughlin (born 1966) is the women's basketball coach for the University of Pennsylvania since 2009. For his basketball playing career, McLaughlin reached the first round of the 1989 NAIA men's basketball tournament while at Holy Family College. From 1989 to 1992, he continued to play basketball with the Washington Generals. After becoming the women's basketball coach for Holy Family in 1995, McLaughlin's team were in the Elite Eight of the NAIA Division II Women's Basketball Championship four times from 1998 to 2002.
After the NAIA school moved to the NCAA in 2003, McLaughlin and Holy Family reached the final of the Northeast Regional during the 2008 NCAA Division II women's basketball tournament. While accumulating 407 wins and 61 losses, McLaughlin was the "fastest coach in ... NCAA women's basketball to earn 400 career wins". With Penn, his team made three first round appearances at the NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament between 2014 and 2017. He has received multiple consecutive Coach of the Year awards while a part of the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference and Ivy League. McLaughlin joined the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference Hall of Fame in 2016.

 Early life and education 
During 1966, McLaughlin was born in Torresdale, Philadelphia. While attending Father Judge High School in the mid-1980s, McLaughlin was scheduled to miss a month and a half of basketball after a foot injury. At the end of his high school basketball career, McLaughlin had a leg fracture. The injury limited his time on the basketball team before he finished high school. While at Holy Family College, McLaughlin played basketball as a recreational sport from 1984 to 1986. Outside of sports, he studied criminal justice and worked as a bartender.

 Men's basketball 
Throughout the remainder of the 1980s, McLaughlin was a member of Holy Family's men's basketball team. His team reached the Keystone Athletic Conference Championship game in 1988 and 1989. During November 1988, McLaughlin was "the first Holy Family player to reach the 1,000-point mark". That year, he did not play with the team for a month after an ankle injury in December.At the 1989 NAIA men's basketball tournament, McLaughlin reached the first round with Holy Family. With Holy Family, "[he] scored 1,710 career points and had 755 assists." During mid 1989, McLaughlin joined the Washington Generals. By March 1990, he primarily played in North America and Europe for the Generals. In 1992, McLaughlin left Washington and did not play on any other basketball teams.

 Coaching career 

 Holy Family 
In 1993, McLaughlin joined Holy Family and began his women's basketball career as an assistant. He became their women's basketball coach during 1995. At the CACC women's basketball tournament, McLaughlin won the event three times from 2000 to 2002 while his Holy Family team competed in the NAIA. At the NAIA Division II Women's Basketball Championship, McLaughlin's team reached the Elite Eight in 1998 and 2001. His players also reached the Elite Eight during the NAIA Division II tournament in 2002 and 2003.In 2003, Holy Family moved from the NAIA to join the NCAA Division II. Between 2005 and 2008, McLaughlin won three CACC women's basketball tournaments with the NCAA school. During this time period, McLaughlin was one of La Salle University's choices to become coach of their women's basketball team in 2004. In 2007, McLaughlin decided not to move to Mount St. Mary's University after the university hired him to coach their basketball team.At the 2008 NCAA Division II women's basketball tournament, his team reached the final of the Northeast Regional. During February 2009, McLaughlin reached 400 victories in women's basketball. With his 459th game, he set the record for "fastest coach in ... NCAA women's basketball to earn 400 career wins". After leaving the team that year, McLaughlin had 407 wins and 61 losses.

 Penn 
In April 2009, McLaughlin went to the University of Pennsylvania to become the coach of their women's basketball team. McLaughlin and Penn won the 2017 Ivy League women's basketball tournament. At this event, his team were the runner-up in 2018 and 2019. From 2014 to 2017, McLaughlin's team reached the first round of the NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament three times.During the 2013 Women's Basketball Invitational, McLaughlin's team reached the semi-finals. At the Women's National Invitation Tournament, McLaughlin's team reached the second round in 2015, 2018 and 2019 during the post-season event. Overall, McLaughlin had his 500th win in 2015 and 600th win in 2020 while with Penn.

 Honors and personal life 
While at Holy Family, McLaughlin was Coach of the Year consecutively between 1995 and 2002 for the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference. Apart from 2004, McLaughlin received additional back to back Coach of the Year awards for the CACC from 2003 to 2009. With Penn, McLaughlin was a three-time Coach of the Year for the Ivy League between 2016 and 2019.As part of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame, McLaughlin became part of the Philadelphia City All Star Chapter in 2013. In 2016, McLaughlin joined the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference Hall of Fame. McLaughlin additionally became part a hall of fame for Holy Family in 2019 and selected to join one for Father Judge in 2023. He has three kids during his marriage.

 References 

Guskë, Gjakova
Guskë is a village in District of Gjakova, Kosovo. Guskë is situated nearby to the village Korenice and the hamlet Rrasa e Gjoni. The village is part of the Has region.

 History 
The village was mentioned in the Ottoman defter of 1571 as 'Guska' with 15 householdsThe Ottoman defter of 1571 indicates that Guske was inhabited by an Albanian population during the 16th century, the inhabitants names were mainly Albanian: " Andre Nina, Gac Papa, Papa Koka, Noja Nina, Bac Tola, Koka Vasa, Koka Nue, Kola Andrea, Pal Gaci, Tola Gjini, Koka Doci, Lika Noja, Nina Llapa, Nue Koka, Nina Marku, Gjon Koka, Andre Peca, Gjin Doci, Koka Baci, Nue Koka ".

 References 

I Am the Avalanche
I Am the Avalanche is an American punk rock band from Brooklyn, New York. The group's name comes from a lyric written by Vinnie Caruana for a song which was later discarded. The phrase also appears in the poem "Oh, Immobility, Death's Vast Associate" by Stephen Dobyns; however, Caruana maintains that this is a coincidence, and that he was not aware of the poem until after naming the band.
The band have cited numerous bands as influences, including Seaweed, Descendents, No Use for a Name, the Beatles, the Libertines, Jets to Brazil, Jawbreaker, Lagwagon, and Bad Religion.

 History 
I Am the Avalanche was formed by vocalist Vinnie Caruana after the break-up of his previous band The Movielife, and followed his short stint playing in Head Automatica. The band also comprises drummer Brett "The Ratt" Romnes (who also produces the albums), and guitarist Brandon Swanson (former fill-in for Further Seems Forever), guitarist Michael Ireland and Kellen Robson, the former bassist of Long Island band Scraps and Heart Attacks are also members. Aside from handling vocal duties, Caruana sometimes plays guitar on certain songs such as "This Is Dungeon Music," giving the band a three-guitar attack. He has also been seen playing guitar on "My Second Restraining Order." These are in line with the band's heavier, slower sound compared to the members' previous efforts.
The band toured the United Kingdom before they played America, playing 2 shows over the Halloween weekend in October 2004. Soon after this, on September 27, 2005, they released their self-titled debut album, produced by drummer Barrett Jones on Drive-Thru Records. The album received significant press coverage and mostly good reviews.I Am The Avalanche have played the Vans' Warped Tour, The Bamboozle Festival, and have also toured with Bleeding Through, Bayside, The Sleeping, No Use for a Name, Halifax, The Fully Down, Senses Fail, The Forecast, Bouncing Souls, The Loved Ones and, most recently, Saves the Day and Brand New, and in October 2008, they headed out on a month-long tour with Four Year Strong and This is Hell.
The band played shows all over Australia in February 2009 as part of the annual Soundwave Festival. During their set on the Sydney leg, they played three demo tracks - "Winter Summer", "Brooklyn Dodgers" and "You've Got Spiders" (the latter two of which appeared on their second album Avalanche United) - and Vinnie Caruana also gave word of new album being released in the near future.
In 2009, Set Your Goals released the title track off their second studio album titled This Will Be the Death of Us through Myspace, which featured Vinnie on vocals, furthering recent rumors that they were going to be doing a side-project together.
On March 6, 2011, I Am The Avalanche opened for Paramore during a concert in Puerto Rico, where they played several songs from their upcoming album. Avalanche United was then released on October 11, 2011, to incredibly positive reviews. In a review of the album, rock music magazine 'The 1st Five' acknowledged the long wait between the band's first and second records, and also the growth it had afforded them; "Yes, six years was a long time to wait for a new I Am The Avalanche record. But if they can make another leap like the one between their self-titled debut and Avalanche United I’ll wait as long as they like." I Am The Avalanche then played a stint on The Vans Warped Tour from June 16 - July 3, 2012, in support of the record, and also went on to play as part of that year's Soundwave Festival in Australia.
In September 2013, it was announced that I Am The Avalanche had entered The Barber Shop Studios to begin tracking their third full length, and shortly afterwards, guitarist Mike Ireland announced his departure from the group.  On January 8, 2014, the band announced via their Facebook page that their third full-length album, titled Wolverines, would be released on March 17 of that year on I Surrender Records. They wrote, 'WOLVERINES is an album that’s been a serious labor of love for us and one that we’re incredibly proud of. The Ratt, our super-talented drummer, produced the record and the great Will Yip mixed it.'. At the same time, they streamed the first single from the album, 'The Shape I'm In', on Esquire Magazine's website.
On November 20, 2020, I Am The Avalanche released their fourth full-length album, DIVE, which saw Ireland return to the group.

 Discography 

 Studio albums 
I Am the Avalanche (September 27, 2005)
Avalanche United (#9 on Heatseekers) (October 11, 2011)
Wolverines (Billboard 200 #108) (March 17, 2014)
Dive (November 20, 2020)

 EPs 
The Early November/I Am the Avalanche (July 26, 2005)
Bayside/I Am the Avalanche (Summer 2007)
Bayside/Saves the Day/I Am the Avalanche/Transit (November 2011)

 Music videos 
Brooklyn Dodgers (2011)
The Shape I'm In (2014)

 Band members 
Current members

Vinnie Caruana – lead vocals (2004–present)
Brett "The Rat" Romnes – drums (2004–present)
Mike Ireland – guitars (2004–present)
Kellen Robson – bass (2004–present)
Brandon Swanson – guitars (2004–present)

 References 

 External links 
I Am the Avalanche's profile at Facebook
I Am the Avalanche's profile at MySpace
I Am the Avalanche bio at MTV
I Am the Avalanche Interview (Jun 2008)

List of accolades received by Encanto
Encanto is a 2021 American animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It was directed by Jared Bush and Byron Howard, co-directed by Charise Castro Smith, and produced by Yvett Merino and Clark Spencer. The film features original songs written by Lin-Manuel Miranda and a score composed by Germaine Franco. Stephanie Beatriz, María Cecilia Botero, John Leguizamo, Mauro Castillo, Jessica Darrow, Angie Cepeda, Carolina Gaitán, Diane Guerrero, and Wilmer Valderrama voice the Madrigals, a multigenerational Colombian family. They are led by Alma, the matriarch, whose children and grandchildren—except for Mirabel (Beatriz)—receive magical gifts from a miracle that helps them serve their rural community. When Mirabel learns that the family's magic is fading, she sets out to find out what is happening.Premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, on November 3, 2021, the film was released theatrically in the United States on November 24 for a limited 30-day run due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Encanto grossed over $255 million worldwide and became the second highest-grossing animated film of 2021, behind Sing 2. It was met with wider commercial success after its release on Disney+ on December 24, 2021, propelled by viral internet popularity. The film has received acclaim from critics, who praised its music, animation, diversity, and portrayal of family dynamics.The film and its soundtrack have received various awards and nominations. It garnered three Golden Globe nominations at the 79th ceremony, winning for the Best Animated Feature Film. The National Board of Review named Encanto the Best Animated Film of 2021. It won three of nine nominations at the 49th Annie Awards. At the 94th Academy Awards, the film received three Oscar nominations, including Best Original Score and Best Original Song (for "Dos Oruguitas"), and won for Best Animated Feature. In 2023, Encanto won three awards for its score, soundtrack, and the song "We Don't Talk About Bruno" at the Grammy Awards' 65th ceremony. Various critic circles have also picked Encanto as the best animated feature film of the year.

 Accolades 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Awards for Encanto at IMDb

The Fairly OddParents
The Fairly OddParents is an American animated television series created by Butch Hartman for Nickelodeon. The series follows the adventures of Timmy Turner, a 10-year-old boy with two fairy godparents named Cosmo and Wanda who grant him wishes to solve his everyday problems.
The series originated from shorts on Nickelodeon's animation showcase Oh Yeah! Cartoons that aired from 1998 to 2002. Due to their popularity, the shorts were later green-lit to become a half-hour series, which premiered on March 30, 2001. Originally, it ended on November 25, 2006, totaling five seasons and 80 episodes, but revived in 2008. Production of the series ceased again after Hartman left Nickelodeon in February 2018. It is Nickelodeon's second longest-running animated show, behind SpongeBob SquarePants (1999–present).On February 24, 2021, it was announced that a spin-off live-action series was in development for Paramount+. The series The Fairly OddParents: Fairly Odder premiered on March 31, 2022. Another new project, trademarked as The Fairly OddParents: A New Wish, is also in development.

 Synopsis 

 Premise 
The Fairly OddParents tells the story of a 10-year-old boy named Timmy Turner who is neglected by his parents and abused by his babysitter, Vicky. One day, he is granted two fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda, who grant his every wish to improve his miserable life. However, these wishes usually backfire badly and cause a series of problems that Timmy must fix. Earlier episodes of the series tend to revolve around Timmy trying to navigate his everyday life at home, at school and elsewhere in town with his friends, Chester and A.J., and occasionally his parents, while also trying to fix a wish gone awry and ultimately, learning a lesson in the end. Later in the series, Timmy wishes that Cosmo and Wanda would have a baby, whom they named Poof, and much later, Timmy gets a pet fairy dog named Sparky. Even later in the series, a new girl called Chloe Carmichael, who loves sharing, animals, and everything that is ecologically friendly, moves into the neighborhood, and Timmy has to share Cosmo and Wanda with her due to a shortage of available fairies.
At the beginning of the series, Vicky was the main antagonist, but as the series progressed, many more villains were introduced, including Denzel Crocker, Timmy's crazed teacher who wishes to prove to the world that fairies exist; Francis, the school bully; Remy Buxaplenty, a young billionaire child, who is set on getting rid of Timmy's fairy godparents due to his immense jealousy towards him for having two fairy godparents compared to his one, named Juandissimo Magnifico, Wanda's ex; Dark Laser, a parody of Darth Vader, who wants to destroy Timmy and the Earth; the Pixies, who are known to wield as much power as fairies, but they treat their magical powers like a business. The Pixies' primary goal is to take control of Fairy World and the Earth; the Anti-fairies, who are similar to the actual fairies, but with polar opposite personalities and character traits. Anti-fairies are also known for causing bad luck; and Norm the Genie, who hatches a plan to gain freedom from his lamp and get revenge on Timmy.

 Setting 
The Fairly OddParents is set in the fictional city of Dimmsdale, California. Dimmsdale has a sign on some mountains near the city that is a parody of the Hollywood Sign. In the episode "Vicky Loses Her Icky", the Mayor of Dimmsdale unveils the "Welcome to Dimmsdale – Nicest Town on Earth!" sign. However, at the end of the episode, the President of the United States changes the word "Nicest" to "Meanest". Dimmsdale appears to be average-sized, with a downtown containing large buildings, skyscrapers and a city hall, but also containing uptown areas with suburban residences (including the neighborhood where Timmy, his parents and his friends live) and businesses, such as Timmy's school; a hospital; a jail; a sports complex called the Dimmadome, which is named after its founder and owner, Doug Dimmadome, a man who owns a local TV channel and various restaurants and stores, as well as a park in the center of the city. Dimmsdale also appears to have rural farmland located outside of the city. The adults who live in Dimmsdale are notably moronic and often settle situations with things like angry mobs, but they do still manage to form a working and functioning society. In the episode "Which Witch is Which?" it was revealed that Dimmsdale was founded in the 1660s and named after a man called Dale Dimm.
When the show needs to, it switches its location to Fairy World, the home of the fairies, which is a floating world located on top of some clouds and colored with an abundance of pink and purple. Fairy World is depicted as a large metropolis with houses, streets, different kinds of buildings, and skyscrapers. Most buildings in Fairy World have crowns and stars above their roofs. The fairies have a civilization like that of humans, but with their primary source of power being magic, which also keeps their world afloat. A large rainbow acts as the bridge between Fairy World and the Earth, although the bridge seems to exist only for decoration since fairies teleport via magic to and from Earth. Fairy World is not actually a part of Earth but is depicted as a separate world in outer space located near Earth's orbit that can only be accessed by magic. Among the most notable landmarks in Fairy World is the glowing entrance sign on the other side of the rainbow bridge and the giant wand located in the center of Fairy World that powers the fairies' magic. Jorgen Von Strangle, an enormous and tough fairy with an Austrian accent (similar to that of Arnold Schwarzenegger), acts as the leader of the fairies and Fairy World. Jorgen personally dislikes Timmy at the beginning of the series but warms up to him over time.
Another location seen in the show is the city of Chincinnati, the home town of Timmy's favorite comic book superhero, the Crimson Chin. Other locations include the dark and twisted Anti-Fairy World, the dark counterpart of Fairy World where the Anti-fairies reside; the dull and gray metropolis of Pixies Inc., home of the Pixies; and Yugopotamia, another planet where Timmy's alien friend Mark Chang lived until the episode "New Squid in Town!" when Timmy invites Mark to live in the Dimmsdale junkyard in order to escape his evil fiancée, Princess Mandie.

 Voice cast 

Tara Strong as Timmy Turner, Poof
Daran Norris as Cosmo, Mr. Turner, Jorgen Von Strangle
Susanne Blakeslee as Wanda, Mrs. Turner
Grey DeLisle as Vicky, Tootie
Carlos Alazraqui as Denzel Crocker
Maddie Taylor as Sparky
Kari Wahlgren as Chloe CarmichaelRecurring voice actors include Jim Ward, Rob Paulsen, Dee Bradley Baker, Tom Kenny, Eric Bauza, Jason Marsden, Jeff Bennett, Dionne Quan, Gary LeRoi Gray, Kevin Michael Richardson, Frankie Muniz, and Ibrahim Haneef Muhammad.
Throughout its run, celebrities who have guest starred on The Fairly OddParents include Adam West, Jay Leno, Norm Macdonald, Mary Hart, Chris Kirkpatrick, Alec Baldwin, Ben Stein, Jackie Mason, Jason Bateman, Laraine Newman, Gilbert Gottfried, Michael Clarke Duncan, Brendan Fraser, Patrick Warburton, Julie Chen, Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, Tom Arnold, Dana Carvey, and Scott Hamilton.

 Production history 

 Development and Oh Yeah! Cartoons (1997–2001) 

Prior to the creation of The Fairly OddParents, Butch Hartman was working at Cartoon Network on Dexter's Laboratory and Johnny Bravo. In 1997, Fred Seibert contacted Hartman about pitching ideas for Seibert's new company, Frederator Incorporated, as a part of their Oh Yeah! Cartoons series which the studio was developing for Nickelodeon. Hartman initially declined the offer. Several months later, Johnny Bravo finished and Hartman decided to create his own series instead of going back to working for other studios.

Hartman started developing his own series by drawing a picture of a little boy who would become Timmy Turner. Hartman was originally going to name him Mike, after his brother Mike Hartman, but they had a fight that day, so Hartman named him after his other brother Timmy Hartman instead. Hartman wanted Timmy to be able to go anywhere because he never wanted to be stuck for a story transition. Hartman was originally going to give Timmy science powers, but decided against it due to Dexter's Laboratory having recently come out. Instead, he decided to give Timmy a magic friend. He drew Wanda first and then decided that she needed someone to talk to other than Timmy, and that was when he drew Cosmo. After coming up with the entire premise for the cartoon in about fifteen minutes, Hartman first pitched the idea to Hanna-Barbera and then to Cartoon Network, both of whom turned it down. Hartman then went back to Seibert at Nickelodeon and successfully pitched it to them for Oh Yeah! Cartoons.While in early development, the series was titled The Fairy GodParents and then it was briefly changed to Oh My GodParents. Bill Burnett came up with the title The Fairly OddParents, which they ended up sticking with. Hartman originally created The Fairly OddParents as a seven-minute short film, which was one of the thirty-nine short cartoons created for Oh Yeah! Cartoons. Hartman made ten seven-minute short films of The Fairly OddParents in total for Oh Yeah! Cartoons, which aired on Nickelodeon from September 4, 1998, to March 23, 2001. Due to the success of the shorts, Nickelodeon picked up The Fairly OddParents for a full-length series alongside fellow Oh Yeah! Cartoons: ChalkZone and My Life as a Teenage Robot. In 2000, Nickelodeon ordered seven 23-minute episodes for the series' first season, which premiered on March 30, 2001 (just one week after the final Oh Yeah! short) in the half-hour before fellow Nicktoon Invader Zim made its debut.Unlike the later series, the animation in the original shorts is not as smooth and the designs are notably different (including Timmy's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Turner, who are only seen from the neck down with their faces hidden in the pilot episodes and appear to be more intelligent than they appeared to be in the proceeding series, yet still easily duped by Vicky's abhorrent actions). Other notable differences include Timmy Turner, who was voiced by Mary Kay Bergman in the Oh Yeah! shorts rather than Tara Strong in the series (Strong would dub over Bergman's dialogue in the Oh Yeah! shorts to establish better continuity). Cosmo is significantly more intelligent than he appears to be in the proceeding series while Wanda is shown to be ditzy. Vicky is also much less evil than in the current series; she has a little brother in the pilot episode before it was changed to a little sister later on in the shorts & she also calls Timmy by his name as opposed to the more often used "twerp".

 Original run (2001–2006) 
Upon its premiere, The Fairly OddParents was immediately popular and quickly became the second-highest-rated children's program among kids ages 2–11 on both network and cable television, behind Nick's own SpongeBob SquarePants. The series managed to briefly steal SpongeBob's spot as the number one highest rated children's television program in mid-2003. The Fairly OddParents also attracted a wide audience, appealing to kids as well as to teenagers and adults, with 14.2 million kids 2-11 tuning in each week, 10.8 million adult viewers per week and was the number one series on television among tween audiences (9-14).On January 24, 2006, Hartman announced on his forum that Nickelodeon had ceased production of the show. "The Jimmy Timmy Power Hour 3: The Jerkinators" is the fifth-season finale in production order and was intended to be the series finale, airing on July 21, 2006. However, Nickelodeon broadcast the episode "Timmy the Barbarian/No Substitute for Crazy" after "The Jerkinators" as the fifth-season finale in airing order, on November 25 of that year.

 Revival (2007–2012) 
On February 2, 2007, Hartman announced on his forum that Nick granted The Fairly OddParents twenty more episode slots, making sure the show resumed production. Later on July 7, 2007, a special titled 77 Secrets of the Fairly OddParents Revealed hinted that a new character would join the series.

After a one-year hiatus, Nickelodeon announced that they would begin the sixth season, which would consist of twelve episodes alongside the broadcast of a television film called Fairly OddBaby, which introduced a new character, a baby fairy named Poof, to the main cast of characters. A huge hit, Fairly OddBaby aired on February 18, 2008, and garnered 8.89 million viewers for its premiere; the rebroadcast of the film the following day garnered 4.82 million viewers, making it the number one and ninth most viewed cable broadcast respectively for the week of February 18–24, 2008.

 Live-action films and end of the series (2011–2017) 

To honor the tenth anniversary of The Fairly OddParents, a live-action television film titled A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner! premiered on July 9, 2011. The film is set 13 years after the animated series and stars Drake Bell as a 23-year-old Timmy Turner, who is trying his hardest not to grow up in order to prevent losing his fairy godparents, and Daniella Monet as Tootie, who has grown into a mature and beautiful activist with whom Timmy falls in love. The premiere of the movie attracted 5.8 million viewers and it was the top-rated television broadcast on cable networks for the week of July 10–16, 2011, and ranked as "2011's Top Original TV Movie on Basic Cable with Kids and Total Viewers".The success of A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner! spawned two sequels: A Fairly Odd Christmas and A Fairly Odd Summer, which premiered on November 29, 2012, and August 2, 2014 respectively. Drake Bell and Daniella Monet reprised their respective roles in both of the sequels.The ninth season of The Fairly OddParents began with a television special titled "Fairly OddPet", which premiered on March 23, 2013, and attracted 3.8 million viewers. The ninth season's official run began on May 4, 2013. Season nine introduced a new character, Timmy's pet fairy dog Sparky, to the show's main cast. Season nine contained twenty-six episodes, making it the longest season in the series. It is also the first season to be formatted in both high definition and widescreen.

The tenth season of The Fairly OddParents began with a special called "The Big Fairy Share Scare!", which introduced another new main character named Chloe Carmichael, Timmy's neighbor who he is forced to share Cosmo and Wanda with due to a fairy shortage. The tenth season aired from January 15, 2016, to July 26, 2017, on both Nickelodeon and Nicktoons. The visuals and lyrics for the theme song were changed for season ten in order to include Chloe; however, it still contained the same rhythm and melody as the original theme song. Also in season 10, the show's animation made the transition from traditional animation to Flash animation. The animation for season ten was done by Elliott Animation Studios in Canada, whereas all of the prior seasons were animated by Yeson Animation Studios in South Korea.

 Episodes 

 The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron, Boy Genius crossover episodes 

There have also been three tie-ins with special episode crossovers involving the Nickelodeon computer-animated series The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron, Boy Genius under the title "The Jimmy-Timmy Power Hour" (the first alone, the second and third with the subtitles "When Nerds Collide!" and "The Jerkinators!", respectively); the three main characters from Fairly OddParents meet with the main characters from Jimmy Neutron, Jimmy, Sheen, Carl, Cindy, and Libby, and often cross between each of their worlds of 2D and 3D animation.

 Spin-offs and revivals 

 Cancelled spin-off series and film 
In 2004, Hartman revealed his intentions to make a Crash Nebula spin-off series. The pilot episode "Crash Nebula" was aired as part of the show's fifth season, with the pilot focusing on a young boy named Sprig Speevak (voiced by James Arnold Taylor), who meets various types of strange aliens as he attends a school in outer space, making a few friends and enemies. Nickelodeon decided not to pick up the series.In 2006, Hartman stated that he was still confident and would try to get the spin-off greenlit in the future. He also wrote a script entitled Crash Nebula: The Movie for Paramount Pictures, but the film was canceled due to its similarities to Disney's Sky High. However, no other news for the Crash Nebula IP has been announced since then, with it remaining as a fictitious television series in The Fairly OddParents that Timmy Turner is a fan of. The episode in the fifth season adds an introduction where Timmy is excited for Sprig's origin story, with Cosmo and Wanda making wild guesses.

 Live-action spin-off series 

On February 24, 2021, it was announced that a live-action sequel series was in development and debut on Paramount+. Hartman and Seibert return as producers, while Christopher J. Nowak serve as both executive producer and showrunner. The series started production in July 2021 and premiered on March 31, 2022, with one season.

 Sequel series 
In 2023, Nickelodeon & Paramount Global applied to register "The Fairly OddParents: A New Wish" with the USPTO under several NICE classes. A screenwriter from Season 9 of the original series confirmed a new project was in development.

 Reception 

 Critical reception 
Betsy Wallace from Common Sense Media gave the series 3 of 5 stars saying, “Nickelodeon airs some of the most creative and expertly animated cartoons on television, and it has another winner with The Fairly OddParents.”Dennis Cass from Slate Magazine favorably compared the series' writing to that of Animaniacs and praised the series' broad appeal.

 Awards and nominations 

 Other media 

A slew of products based on the series were created, released, or built. This includes four video games, three attraction rides, and toys.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Official website
The Fairly OddParents at Frederator Studios
Production blog
The Fairly OddParents at IMDb

Dorian mode
Dorian mode or Doric mode can refer to three very different but interrelated subjects: one of the Ancient Greek harmoniai (characteristic melodic behaviour, or the scale structure associated with it); one of the medieval musical modes; or—most commonly—one of the modern modal diatonic scales, corresponding to the piano keyboard's white notes from D to D, or any transposition of itself.

 Greek Dorian mode 
The Dorian mode (properly harmonia or tonos) is named after the Dorian Greeks. Applied to a whole octave, the Dorian octave species was built upon two tetrachords (four-note segments) separated by a whole tone, running from the hypate meson to the nete diezeugmenon.
In the enharmonic genus, the intervals in each tetrachord are quarter tone–quarter tone–major third.

In the chromatic genus, they are semitone–semitone–minor third.

In the diatonic genus, they are semitone–tone–tone.

In the diatonic genus, the sequence over the octave is the same as that produced by playing all the white notes of a piano ascending from E to E, a sequence equivalent to the pattern of the modern Phrygian mode, although the temperament differs by small amounts.
Placing the single tone at the bottom of the scale followed by two conjunct tetrachords (that is, the top note of the first tetrachord is also the bottom note of the second), produces the Hypodorian ("below Dorian") octave species: A | B C D E | (E) F G A. Placing the two conjunct tetrachords together and the single tone at the top of the scale produces the Mixolydian octave species, a note sequence equivalent to modern Locrian mode.

 Medieval Dorian mode 
The early Byzantine church developed a system of eight musical modes (the octoechos), which served as a model for medieval European chant theorists when they developed their own modal classification system starting in the 9th century. The success of the Western synthesis of this system with elements from the fourth book of De institutione musica of Boethius, created the false impression that the Byzantine octoechos was inherited directly from ancient Greece.Originally used to designate one of the traditional harmoniai of Greek theory (a term with various meanings, including the sense of an octave consisting of eight tones), the name was appropriated (along with six others) by the 2nd-century theorist Ptolemy to designate his seven tonoi, or transposition keys. Four centuries later, Boethius interpreted Ptolemy in Latin, still with the meaning of transposition keys, not scales. When chant theory was first being formulated in the 9th century, these seven names plus an eighth, Hypermixolydian (later changed to Hypomixolydian), were again re-appropriated in the anonymous treatise Alia Musica. A commentary on that treatise, called the Nova expositio, first gave it a new sense as one of a set of eight diatonic species of the octave, or scales.
In medieval theory, the authentic Dorian mode could include the note B♭ "by licence", in addition to B♮. The same scalar pattern, but starting a fourth or fifth below the mode final D, and extending a fifth above (or a sixth, terminating on B♭), was numbered as mode 2 in the medieval system. This was the plagal mode corresponding to the authentic Dorian, and was called the Hypodorian mode. In the untransposed form on D, in both the authentic and plagal forms the note C is often raised to C♯ to form a leading tone, and the variable sixth step is in general B♮ in ascending lines and B♭ in descent.

 Modern Dorian mode 
The modern Dorian mode (also called "Russian minor" by Balakirev,) by contrast, is a strictly diatonic scale corresponding to the white keys of the piano from D to D (shown below)

or any transposition of its interval pattern, which has the ascending pattern of whole steps and half steps as follows:

whole, half, whole, whole, whole, half, wholeThus, the Dorian mode is a symmetric scale, since the pattern of whole and half steps is the same ascending or descending.
The modern Dorian mode can also be thought of as a scale with a minor third and seventh, a major second and sixth, and a perfect fourth and fifth, notated relative to the major scale as:

1, 2, ♭3, 4, 5, 6, ♭7, 8It may be considered an "excerpt" of a major scale played from the pitch a whole tone above the major scale's tonic, i.e., a major scale played from its second scale degree up to its second degree again. The resulting scale is, however, minor in quality, because, as the D becomes the new tonal centre, the F a minor third above the D becomes the new mediant, or third degree. Thus, when a triad is built upon the tonic, it is a minor triad.
The modern Dorian mode is equivalent to the natural minor scale (or the Aeolian mode) but with a major sixth. The modern Dorian mode resembles the Greek Phrygian harmonia in the diatonic genus.
It is also equivalent to the ascending melodic minor scale with a minor seventh.

 Notable compositions in Dorian mode 
Hit songs in Dorian include, "Evil Ways..., "I Wish"..., "Lowdown"..., "Foxy Lady"..., "Owner of a Lonely Heart"..., "Moondance"..., "Billie Jean"..., and many others.

 Traditional 
"Drunken Sailor"
"Scarborough Fair"
"Noël nouvelet" (15th century French Christmas carol, often sung in English as "Sing We Now of Christmas")

 Medieval 
"Ave maris stella", Gregorian chant (Marian hymn)
"Dies irae" (original setting in Gregorian chant, sequence).
"Victimae paschali laudes", Gregorian chant (sequence)
"Veni Sancte Spiritus", Gregorian chant (sequence)
Alle Psallite Cum Luya, an anonymous three-part Latin motet from the late 13th or early 14th century, recorded in the Montpellier Codex and thought to have originated in France.
Chominciamento di gioia, a 14th-century monophonic Italian estampie in five sections (British Library, Add MS 29987, No. 78).
Lamento di Tristano, a 14th-century monophonic Italian dance in two parts, with the second section designated "La Rotta" (British Library, Add MS 29987, No. 91).
La Manfredina, a 14th-century monophonic Italian dance in two parts, with the second section designated "La Rotta della Manfredina" (British Library, Add MS 29987, No. 92).
The Kyrie, Gloria, and Credo of Messe de Nostre Dame (Mass of Our Lady), a polyphonic mass composed before 1365 by French poet and composer Guillaume de Machaut (c. 1300–1377).
"Personent Hodie", Medieval Latin Christmas carol

 Renaissance 
"Il est bel et bon", a madrigal by Pierre Passereau

 Baroque 
"Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 538", an organ piece by Johann Sebastian Bach

 Romantic 
The "Et incarnatus est" in the Credo movement of Beethoven's Missa Solemnis.
The "Royal March of the Lions" from Camille Saint-Saëns's Carnival of the Animals suite uses Dorian mode to evoke a "Persian style."
Large portions of the Symphony No. 6 by Jean Sibelius are in the Dorian mode.
In "La Brise" (from the Mélodies Persanes, Op. 26), Saint-Saëns uses an E Dorian scale in the first half of the song.

 Jazz 
"Maiden Voyage" by Herbie Hancock – The composition takes an AABA form with chords in the "A" sections in D Dorian and the "B" section in E♭ Dorian.
"Milestones" by Miles Davis
"Oye Como Va" by Tito Puente, popularized by Santana
"So What" by Miles Davis – The composition takes an AABA form with the "A" sections in D Dorian and the "B" section in E♭ Dorian.

 Popular 
"Born Under a Bad Sign" written by Booker T. Jones and William Bell. The song is a simple but atypical I7-V7-IV7 12-bar progression with a key signature corresponding to C♯ major but with every B♯ and E♯ lowered to B♮ and E♮, making the song C♯ Dorian.
“Dorian” by First of October. The song uses the modern Dorian scale on the piano during the choruses to build tension, while staying in the key of D minor for the verses and melody.
"Eleanor Rigby" by The Beatles is often cited as a Dorian modal piece, and while the melody line in places uses the major sixth scale degree, the chord progression is in Aeolian (I–♭VI and ♭VI–I).
The chord sequence i–III–VII–IV is sometimes used in pop songs, where the harmonic rhythm leads the listener to think of it as a minor song. In the final chord of the sequence, however, the third is a major sixth above the tonic, as in the Dorian scale. Examples include: "Mad World" by Tears for Fears.
"Get Lucky" by Daft Punk featuring Pharrell Williams (B Dorian)
"The Night The Lights Went Out In Georgia" (1973) by Vicki Lawrence
"Rapper's Delight" by Sugarhill Gang is often written in E minor with a persistent C♯ accidental, but is actually played in E Dorian. It shares a key signature (F♯, C♯) with its relative key, D major.
"Tick Tock" by Clean Bandit (and Mabel) sounds heavily pentatonic, but is in fact (nominally) in the 'D' Dorian mode.
"Radioactive" by Imagine Dragons (B Dorian)
"Autumn Sweater" by Yo La Tengo (D Dorian)
"Adiemus_(song)" by Karl Jenkins performed with Miriam Stockley, Mary Carewe and London Philharmonic Orchestra (D Dorian)
"Mad World" by Tears for Fears (F♯ Dorian, F Dorian cover by Gary Jules)
"Karma Police" by Radiohead (A Dorian)
"Everything Means Nothing To Me" by Elliott Smith (B♭ Dorian)
"I Me Mine" by The Beatles (A Dorian, then briefly D Dorian #4)
"15 Step" by Radiohead (G♯ Dorian)
"Don't Bother Me" by The Beatles (E Dorian)
"Lotus Flower" by Radiohead (verse; D Dorian)
"Billie Jean" by Michael Jackson (verse; F♯ Dorian)
"Blinding Lights" by The Weeknd (F Dorian)
"Thriller" by Michael Jackson (C♯ Dorian)
"Riders on the Storm" by The Doors (E Dorian)
"Breathe" by Pink Floyd (E Dorian)
"Lucky" by Radiohead (chorus; E Dorian)
"Purple Haze" by Jimi Hendrix (E Dorian)
"I Can't Dance" by Genesis (B♭ Dorian)
"Great Gig in the Sky" by Pink Floyd (G Dorian)
"Give It to Me Baby" by Rick James (D Dorian)
"Blue Jeans" by Lana Del Rey (F Dorian)
"Love Me Again" by John Newman (G Dorian)
"Woodstock" by Joni Mitchell (E♭ Dorian)
"Supersonic" by Oasis (E Dorian)
"No Quarter" by Led Zeppelin (C♯ Dorian)
"Money" by Pink Floyd (B Dorian)
"Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)" by The Beatles (chorus; E Dorian)
"Stairway To Heaven" by Led Zeppelin (chorus; A Dorian)
"Watermelon Sugar" by Harry Styles (D Dorian)
"What Goes Around... Comes Around" by Justin Timberlake (A Dorian)
"Wicked Game" by Chris Isaak (B Dorian)
"Burn it Down" (D Dorian) and "New Divide" (F Dorian) by Linkin Park
"Heart-Shaped Box" by Nirvana  (G♯ Dorian)
"The Fox (What Does the Fox Say?)" by Ylvis (C♯ Dorian)
"Uptown Funk" by Mark Ronson featuring Bruno Mars (D Dorian)

 Other 
Kimigayo, the national anthem of Japan
The Halo theme, taking significant inspiration from the aforementioned medieval Gregorian chants to effect an "ancient and mysterious" sound, is written in E dorian
The Angry Birds theme

 See also 
Kafi, the equivalent scale in Hindustani music.
kOdipPaalai / Pann Marudham in Ancient Tamil music, see Evolution of Panns
Kharaharapriya, the equivalent scale in Carnatic music.
Ukrainian Dorian scale

 References 

 External links 
Dorian Mode – Analysis
Dorian Pentatonic Santana
Dorian Scale over the Circle of Fifths
Dorian Scale on guitar

Civic Education Workshop
The Civic Education Workshop (CEW) is an annual, week-long program organized in Washington, DC and funded by the U.S. Department of State. The program takes place every year for select participants of the Kennedy Lugar Youth Exchange and Study (KL-YES), Future Leaders Exchange (FLEX) and the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange (CBYX) programs. The workshop gives student ambassadors the opportunity to learn firsthand about the U.S. federal system of government and other important concepts through seminars, discussions with senators and elected officials, briefings, and meetings on Capitol Hill.

 History 
Established in 1993, CEW emerged from the belief that exchanging ideas about civics and democracy between young people from different countries would strengthen mutual understanding and promote global cooperation. Over the years, it has developed into a signature program for YES, FLEX, and CBYX, impacting thousands of students from around the world.

 Selection process 
Participation in CEW is highly competitive, with selection processes prioritizing academic excellence, leadership potential, and a demonstrated commitment to community service. Once selected, the program ensures accessibility for participants by covering all expenses, including travel, accommodation, meals, and program activities.

 Activities 
Through interactive workshops, seminars, and discussions, the program encourages participants to engage in debates about social issues, developing analytical skills and a deeper understanding of diverse viewpoints. Participants witness U.S. democracy in action through site visits to key institutions like the Capitol Building, Supreme Court, and Library of Congress, as well as meetings with elected officials, journalists, and community leaders.

 Impact 
CEW contributes to international relations by building bridges between young people from diverse backgrounds, promoting mutual respect and appreciation for democratic values. It develops participants' leadership skills and encourages them to become active citizens in their own communities. Alumni often cite the program as a unique experience that shaped their civic engagement, leadership skills, and global perspective.

 References 

Géza Berczy
Géza Berczy (1902–1963) was a Hungarian stage and film actor.  He acted at a variety of theatres during his career and appeared in many films as a character actor in supporting roles from the silent era to the 1960s.

 Selected filmography 
Triumphant Life (1923)
Dream Love (1935)
Budapest Pastry Shop (1935)
The Borrowed Castle (1937)
Hotel Springtime (1937)
Sweet Revenge (1937)
Barbara in America (1938)
The Henpecked Husband (1938)
The Five-Forty (1939)
Money Is Coming (1939)
The Chequered Coat (1940)
Money Talks (1940)
Silenced Bells (1941)
Europe Doesn't Answer (1941)
Left-Handed Angel (1941)
Sister Beáta (1941)
Prince Bob (1941)
Don't Ask Who I Was (1941)
Deadly Kiss (1942)
Sabotage (1942)
Kádár Versus Kerekes (1942)
The Dance of Death (1942)
Time of Trial (1942)
I Am Guilty (1942)
Sirius (1942)
Orient Express (1943)
Fever (1957)

 References 

 Bibliography 
Connelly, Robert B. The Silents: Silent Feature Films, 1910-36, Volume 40, Issue 2. December Press, 1998.
Laura, Ernesto G. Tutti i film di Venezia, 1932–1984. La Biennale, Settore cinema e spettacolo televisivo, 1985.
Székely, György & Gajdó, Tamás. Magyar színháztörténet: 1920-1949. Akadémiai Kiadó, 1990.

 External links 
Géza Berczy at IMDb

North Branch Township, Isanti County, Minnesota
North Branch Township is a township in Isanti County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,654 at the 2000 census.
This township took its name from the north branch of the Sunrise River.

 Geography 
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 35.0 square miles (90.6 km2), of which 34.7 square miles (89.7 km2)  is land and 0.3 square mile (0.9 km2)  (0.97%) is water.

 Demographics 
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,654 people, 597 households, and 475 families residing in the township.  The population density was 47.7 inhabitants per square mile (18.4/km2).  There were 616 housing units at an average density of 17.8/sq mi (6.9/km2).  The racial makeup of the township was 97.82% White, 0.85% Native American, 0.42% Asian, 0.12% from other races, and 0.79% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.15% of the population.
There were 597 households, out of which 36.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.0% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.3% were non-families. 15.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the township the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 31.2% from 25 to 44, 28.1% from 45 to 64, and 8.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 110.7 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $55,833, and the median income for a family was $59,917. Males had a median income of $41,020 versus $28,289 for females. The per capita income for the township was $21,849.  About 1.9% of families and 2.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.1% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.

 References 

Malcolm Koonce
Malcolm Koonce (born June 6, 1998) is an American football defensive end for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Buffalo and was selected by the Raiders in the third round of the 2021 NFL Draft.

 Early years 
Koonce grew up in Peekskill, New York, and attended Archbishop Stepinac High School. Although his primary sport at first was rugby, he switched his focus to football after realizing that it could earn him a college scholarship. In 2015, he led Stepinac to a New York State Catholic High School Athletic Association championship.After graduating, he completed a post-graduate year at Milford Academy in New Berlin, New York.

 College career 
Koonce was a member of the Buffalo Bulls for four seasons. He served primarily as a backup for his first two seasons. Koonce was named first-team All-Mid-American Conference (MAC) after recording 34 tackles, 11 tackles for loss and nine sacks in his junior season. He was named the Defensive MVP of the 2019 Bahamas Bowl after a two sack performance against the Charlotte 49ers. Koonce repeated as a first-team All-MAC selection as a senior after recording 30 tackles, 6.5 tackles for loss, and five sacks after playing in six games due to the MAC's COVID-19-shortened 2020 season. He became only the fourth UB player to be invited to play in the Senior Bowl.

 Professional career 

 2021 
Koonce was selected in the third round with the 79th overall pick of the 2021 NFL Draft by the Las Vegas Raiders. The Raiders had received the 79th pick used to select Koonce in a trade that sent Rodney Hudson to the Arizona Cardinals. On July 23, 2021, Koonce signed his four-year rookie contract with Las Vegas.Koonce was activated for Week 3 against the Pittsburgh Steelers but did not appear in the game. He was next activated before Week 13 following an injury to linebacker Carl Nassib. Koonce made his NFL debut on December 5 and, despite taking the field for only seven plays on defense and four on special teams, recorded a sack of Washington quarterback Taylor Heinicke.

 2023 
Koonce had a break out year in 2023, opposite Maxx Crosby on the Raiders defensive line. By week 14 against Minnesota Vikings, Koonce had roughly doubled his playing time under interim head coach Antonio Pierce. Koonce had more quarterback hits in weeks 14-16 than he had the rest of the season combined.Koonce had his best game statistically, as a pro in a Christmas Day divisional matchup against the rival Kansas City Chiefs at Kansas City. The Raiders needed a win to keep their playoff hopes alive. Koonce harassed Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes all game, finishing with career highs in pressures (8) and sacks (3). 

 References 

 External links 
Buffalo Bulls bio

Daniel Ings
Daniel Ings (born 30 November 1985) is an actor from England. He starred as Luke Curran in the Channel 4/Netflix comedy series Lovesick.

 Early life 
Ings attended Dauntsey's School in Wiltshire, followed by Lancaster University where he studied theatre studies, graduating in 2008. Ings later trained at Bristol Old Vic Theatre School and the National Youth Theatre.

 Career 
Ings has appeared in a number of stage, short films and television programmes. His most notable role to date is that of the playboy best friend Luke in Netflix romantic comedy Lovesick. Also notable are the roles of Jake in the Channel 4 comedy Pete versus Life, Kelvin in the BBC comedy-drama Psychoville and John in Sky 1's comedy The Café in November 2011.
He has also appeared as the unscrupulous "Director of Output" Matt Taverner in the BBC2 mockumentary W1A (2014–2015) and as Commander Mike Parker in the Netflix series The Crown (2016–2017). In 2018, he began playing the husband of Alan Cumming's lead character on the CBS drama television series Instinct.
Most recently he appeared as Francis Marindin in Julian Fellowes' series The English Game for Netflix and as Cob, the embittered husband to Billie Piper's Suzie in acclaimed Sky Atlantic series I Hate Suzie.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Stage 
The Master and Margarita (Lyric Hammersmith, 2004)
White Boy (Soho Theatre, 2007)
Tory Boyz (Soho Theatre, 2008)
I See Myself As a Bit of an Indiana Jones Figure (Old Red Lion, 2010)
Frankenstein (National Theatre, 2011) as Victor/Servant 1
Howl's Moving Castle (Southwark Playhouse, 2011) as Howl
One Man, Two Guvnors (Theatre Royal Haymarket, from 2 March 2012) as Alan Dangle

 References 

 External links 
Daniel Ings at IMDb
Daniel Ings at the National Theatre Website

Zayne Anderson
Zayne Anderson (born January 3, 1997) is an American football safety for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at BYU, and signed with the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2021.

 College career 
Anderson played in 50 games at BYU despite redshirting with injuries for 2 seasons, compiling 162 career tackles (105 solo). Anderson has size and speed to play and played a number of positions and has been compared to former BYU star and Kansas City Chief Daniel Sorensen.

 Professional career 

 Kansas City Chiefs 
Anderson was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Kansas City Chiefs after going unselected in the 2021 NFL Draft. After being released with final cuts on August 31, 2021 Anderson was signed to the team's practice squad. Anderson was promoted to the active roster on December 14, 2021.On August 30, 2022, Anderson was waived by the Chiefs and signed to the practice squad the next day. Anderson became a Super Bowl champion when the Chiefs defeated the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LVII.

 Buffalo Bills 
On February 17, 2023, Anderson signed a two-year contract with the Buffalo Bills. He was waived on August 29, 2023.

 Green Bay Packers 
On August 31, 2023, Anderson was claimed off of waivers by the Green Bay Packers.

 References 

 External links 
Green Bay Packers bio
BYU Cougars bio

Vítor Barata
Vítor Hugo Encarnação Freitas (born 3 March 1996), known as Vítor Barata, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Lebanese Premier League club Nejmeh.

 Club career 
Early in his football career, Barata underwent trials with Portuguese giants Benfica and Sporting CP, with whom he signed in August 2011 at the age of 14. He spent two years with the club, playing at youth level. On 5 November 2014, Barata made his professional debut with Marítimo B in a 2014–15 Segunda Liga match against União Madeira.In July 2019, Barata signed a two-year contract with Greek Super League 2 side Ergotelis.On 5 February 2022, Barata joined Polish III liga club Stal Stalowa Wola. He made his debut in a friendly against Polonia Bytom and scored one goal.On 6 July 2022, he returned to Greece to join Ágios Nikólaos.

 References 

 External links 
Vítor Barata at ForaDeJogo (archived) 
Stats and profile at LPFP (in Portuguese)
Vítor Barata at Soccerway

Micromyrtus obovata
Micromyrtus obovata is a species of the flowering plant in the family Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is an erect shrub with egg-shaped leaves with the narrower end toward the base, white flowers 4–5 mm (0.16–0.20 in) in diameter, and 10 stamens in each flower.

 Description 
Micromyrtus obovata is an erect shrub that typically grows to 0.4–1.6 m (1 ft 4 in – 5 ft 3 in) high and has its leaves densely arranged near the ends of branchlets. Its leaves are erect, egg-shaped to broadly egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, 1.5–3.0 mm (0.059–0.118 in) long and 0.8–1.4 mm (0.031–0.055 in) wide on a petiole 0.3–0.5 mm (0.012–0.020 in) long. The flowers are 4–5 mm (0.16–0.20 in) in diameter, and arranged in between 6 and 20 or more upper leaf axils on a peduncle 0.5–1.5 mm (0.020–0.059 in) long. The sepals are egg-shaped or elliptic, 0.4–0.7 mm (0.016–0.028 in) long an 0.5–1 mm (0.020–0.039 in) wide. The petals are white, very broadly egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base and 1.5–2.0 mm (0.059–0.079 in) long. There are 10 stamens in each flower, the anthers about 0.25 mm (0.0098 in) long. Flowering occurs between July and September, and the fruit is 1.3–1.4 mm (0.051–0.055 in) long and 0.9–1.2 mm (0.035–0.047 in) wide, containing a single golden brown seed.

 Taxonomy 
This species was first described in 1852 by Nikolai Turczaninow who gave it the name Thryptomene obovata in the Bulletin de la Classe Physico-Mathématique de l'Académie Impériale des Sciences de Saint-Pétersbourg from material collected by James Drummond. In 1985, John Green transferred the species to Micromyrtus as M. obovata . The specific epithet (obovata) means "inverted egg-shaped", referring to the shape of the leaves.

 Distribution and habitat 
Micromyrtus obovata grows on hills, slopes and flats between Wubin, Lake Grace and Southern Cross in the Avon Wheatbelt, Coolgardie, Esperance Plains, and Mallee bioregions of south-western Western Australia.

 References 

Thai baht
The baht (; Thai: บาท, pronounced [bàːt]; sign: ฿; code: THB) is the official currency of Thailand. It can be divided into 100 satang (สตางค์, pronounced [sà.tāːŋ]). The issuance of currency is the responsibility of the Bank of Thailand. SWIFT ranked the Thai baht as the 10th-most-frequently used world payment currency as of December 2023.

 History 
 
The Thai baht, like the pound, originated from a traditional unit of mass. Its currency value was originally expressed as that of silver of corresponding weight (now defined as 15 grams), and was in use probably as early as the Sukhothai period in the form of bullet coins known in Thai as phot duang. These were pieces of solid silver cast to various weights corresponding to a traditional system of units related by simple fractions and multiples, one of which is the baht. These are listed in the following table:
That system was in use up until 1897, when the decimal system devised by Prince Jayanta Mongkol, in which one baht = 100 satang, was introduced by his half-brother King Chulalongkorn along with the demonetization of silver bullet coins on 28 October 1904 after the end of silver bullet coin production by the opening of Sitthikarn Royal Mint in 1857. However, coins denominated in the old units were issued until 1910, and the amount of 25 satang is still commonly referred to as a salueng, as is the 25-satang coin.
Until 27 November 1902, the baht was fixed on a purely silver basis, with 15 grams of silver to the baht. This caused the value of the currency to vary relative to currencies on a gold standard. From 1856 to 1864, the values of certain foreign silver coins were fixed by law, with 5 baht = 3 Spanish dollar = 7 Indian rupees. Before 1880 the exchange rate was fixed at 8 baht per pound sterling, falling to 10 to the pound during the 1880s.
In 1902, the government began to increase the value of the baht by following all increases in the value of silver against gold but not reducing it when the silver price fell. Beginning at 21.75 baht per pound sterling, the currency rose in value until, in 1908, a fixed peg to the British pound sterling was established of 13 baht per pound. This was revised to 12 baht in 1919 and then, after a period of instability, to 11 baht in 1923. During World War II, the baht was fixed at a value of one Japanese yen on 22 April 1942.From 1956 until 1973, the baht was pegged to the US dollar at an exchange rate of 20.8 baht = one dollar and at 20 baht = 1 dollar until 1978. A strengthening US economy caused Thailand to re-peg its currency at 25 to the dollar from 1984 until 2 July 1997, when the country was affected by the 1997 Asian financial crisis. The baht was floated and halved in value, reaching its lowest rate of 56 to the dollar in January 1998. It rose to 30 per dollar in January 2021.
The baht was originally known to foreigners by the term tical, which was used in English language text on banknotes until the series 2 1925.

 Coins 

 Podduang Coinage 
Cowrie shells from the Mekong River had been used as currency for small amounts since the Sukhothai period. Before 1860, Thailand did not produce coins using modern methods. Instead, a so-called "bullet" coinage was used, consisting of bars of metal, thicker in the middle, bent round to form a complete circle on which identifying marks were stamped. Denominations issued included 1⁄128, 1⁄64, 1⁄32, 1⁄16, 1⁄8, 1⁄2, 1, 1+1⁄2, 2, 2+1⁄2, 4, 4+1⁄2, 8, 10, 20, 40 and 80 baht in silver and 1⁄32, 1⁄16, 1⁄8, 1⁄2, 1, 1+1⁄2, 2 and 4 baht in gold. One gold baht was generally worth 16 silver baht. Between 1858 and 1860, foreign trade coins were also stamped by the government for use in Thailand.

 Pre-decimal coinage 
Rama III (1824–1851) was the first king to consider the use of a flat coin. He did so not for the convenience of traders, but because he was disturbed that the creatures living in the cowrie shells were killed. When he learned of the use of flat copper coins in Singapore in 1835, he contacted a Scottish trader, who had two types of experimental coins struck in England. The king rejected both designs. The name of the country put on these first coins was Muang Thai, not Siam.In 1860, modern style coins were introduced. These were silver 1 sik, 1 fuang, 1 and 2 salung, 1, 2 and 4 baht, with the baht weighing 15.244 grams and the others weight-related. Tin 1 solot and 1 att followed in 1862, with gold 2+1⁄2, 4 and 8 baht introduced in 1863 and copper 2 and 4 att in 1865. Copper replaced tin in the 1 solot and 1 att in 1874, with copper 4 att introduced in 1876. The last gold coins were struck in 1895.

 Decimal coinage 
In 1897, the first coins denominated in satang were introduced, cupronickel 2+1⁄2, 5, 10 and 20 satang. However, 1 solot, 1 and 2 att coins were struck until 1905 and 1 fuang coins were struck until 1910. In 1908, holed 1, 5 and 10 satang coins were introduced, with the 1 satang in bronze and the 5 and 10 satang in nickel. The 1 and 2 salung were replaced by 25 and 50 satang coins in 1915. In 1937, holed, bronze 1⁄2 satang were issued.
In 1941, a series of silver coins was introduced in denominations of 5, 10 and 20 satang, due to a shortage of nickel caused by World War II. The next year, tin coins were introduced for 1, 5 and 10 satang, followed by 20 satang in 1945 and 25 and 50 satang in 1946. In 1950, aluminium bronze 5, 10, 25 and 50 satang were introduced whilst, in 1957, bronze 5 and 10 satang were issued, along with 1-baht coins struck in an unusual alloy of copper, nickel, silver and zinc. Several Thai coins were issued for many years without changing the date. These include the tin 1942 1 satang and the 1950 5 and 10 satang, struck until 1973, the tin 1946 25 satang struck until 1964, the tin 50 satang struck until 1957, and the aluminium bronze 1957 5, 10, 25 and 50 satang struck until the 1970s. Cupronickel 1-baht coins were introduced in 1962 and struck without date change until 1982.
In 1972, cupronickel 5-baht coins were introduced, switching to cupronickel-clad copper in 1977. Between 1986 and 1988, a new coinage was introduced, consisting of aluminium 1, 5 and 10 satang, aluminium-bronze 25 and 50 satang, cupronickel 1 baht, cupronickel-clad-copper 5 baht and bimetallic 10 baht. Cupronickel-clad-steel 2 baht were introduced in 2005.
In 2008, the Ministry of Finance and the Royal Thai Mint announced the 2009 coin series, which included changes in materials to reduce production costs as well as an update of the image on the obverse to a more recent portrait of the king. The two-baht coin, confusingly similar in color and size to the one-baht coin, was changed from nickel-clad low-carbon steel to aluminium bronze. New two-baht coin was the first of the new series released on February 3, 2009, followed by the satang coins in April, a five-baht coin in May, a ten-baht coin in June, and a one-baht coin in July 2009.
In 2018, the Royal Thai Mint and the Ministry of Finance issued a new series of general circulation coins, featuring the same standard specifications, but feature a portrait of its current king, Maha Vajiralongkorn.

 Remarks 
The 1, 5 and 10 satang are used only internally between banks and are not in circulation.
Older coins, some of which are still in circulation, had only Thai numerals, but newer designs also have Arabic numerals.
The standard-issue 10-baht coin has, at the 12 o'clock position on the reverse, raised dots corresponding to Braille cell dot 1 and dots 2-4-5, which correspond to the number 10.
10-baht coins are very similar to 2-euro coins in size, shape and weight, and are likewise bi-metallic, although they are worth only 25 eurocents. Vending machines not equipped with up-to-date coin detectors might therefore accept them as €2 coins or old Italian 500 lira coins as well.
Many commemorative 1-, 2-, 5- and 10-baht coins have been made for special events. There also are 20-, 50-, 100-baht base metal commemorative coins and higher-denomination precious metal coins as well.In February 2010 the Treasury Department of Thailand stated that it has been planning a new circulation 20-baht coin.

 Banknotes 

In 1851, the government issued notes for 1⁄8, 1⁄4, 3⁄8, 1⁄2 and 1 tical, followed by 3, 4, 6 and 10 tamlueng in 1853. After 1857, notes for 20 and 40 ticals were issued, also bearing their values in Straits dollars and Indian rupees. Undated notes were also issued before 1868 for 5, 7, 8, 12 and 15 tamlueng, and 1 chang. One att notes were issued in 1874.
In 1892, the treasury issued notes for 1, 5, 10, 40, 80, 100, 400 and 800 ticals, called "baht" in the Thai text.
On September 19, 1902, the government introduced notes which were printed by Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited, England, during the reigns of kings Rama V and Rama VI, denominated 5, 10, 20, 100 and 1000 ticals, still called baht in the Thai text — each denomination having many types, with 1 and 50 tical notes following in 1918. In 1925, notes were issued in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 20, 100 and 1,000 baht with the denomination in both Arabic and Thai numerals without English text; English speakers continued to refer to these as "ticals".On 27 July 2010, the Bank of Thailand announced that the 16th-series banknotes would enter circulation in December 2010. On 9 August 2012, the Bank of Thailand issued a new denomination banknote, 80 baht, to commemorate queen Sirikit's 80th birthday. It was the first Thai banknote that featured Crane's MOTION security thread.
In 2017, the Bank of Thailand announced a new family of banknotes in remembrance of its late king Bhumibol Adulyadej (Rama IX). The notes are the same size and dimensions as the "Series 16" banknotes, with the front designs as before, but the back designs featuring images of the king's life in infancy, adolescence and maturity. The new family of banknotes were issued on September 20.In 2018, the Bank of Thailand announced a new family of banknotes featuring a portrait of its current king, Maha Vajiralongkorn.
The main colors and dimensions of the notes are the same as before, with the back designs featuring images of the Kings of Thailand from past to present. The 20, 50 and 100 baht banknotes were issued on Chakri Memorial Day, April 6, 2018. The final two denominations, 500 and 1,000 baht were issued on the anniversary of the birth of King Maha Vajiralongkorn, July 28, 2018.

 2003-present (Series 14 to Series 17) Later Rama 9 and Rama 10 Era 
Images of banknotes have been removed lest they infringe copyright, but may be viewed at the Thai-language article linked in the margin.

 1948-2003 (Series 9 to Series 13) Early Rama 9 Era 
These banknotes series are not demonitized, hence would be legal tender. Though, they are never seen in circulation anymore.
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
These banknotes images are allowed under a strict copyright infringement exemption under the Chapter 1: Copyright, Part 6: Exceptions to Infringement of Copyright,  Clause 7 of Copyright Act B.E. 2537 (1994) Amended by Copyright Act  (NO. 2) B.E. 2558 (2015), and Copyright Act  (NO.3) B.E. 2558 (2015) and Copyright Act (NO.4) B.E. 2561 (2018): reproduction, adaptation in part of a work or abridgement or making a summary by a teacher or an educational institution so as to distribute or sell to students in a class or in an educational institution, provided that the act is not for profit;[4]
So as to serve as an educational material, only one side is shown, and any series beyond series 13 is omitted.

 Series 9 
Series 9 banknotes are produced by Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited. There are two variations within this series, the young, and new portrait.  According to the Bank of Thailand, the color schemes of this series established the denominations' colors for all of the following series due to the series circulating for 20 years.

 Series 10 
Series 10 banknotes are produced by Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited, due to heavy counterfeiting, series 10 was issued in series 9's stead. The 100 baht is the only denomination issued in this series.

 Series 11 
In this series, the 500 baht note was introduced for the first time ever, this coincides with the Bank of Thailand fully converting to an in-house production. As a consequence, the 1 baht note's production was cancelled.

 Series 12 & 13 
Series 12 and 13 aims to glorify past thai monarchs, the Bank of Thailand dubbed this as "The Great Series". The 5 baht note's production was cancelled. The note 50 baht and 500 baht are a part of series 13, and was issued to commemorate the bicentennial celebration of Bangkok in 1982, though the production had to be delayed for the new printing press to be installed.

 1935-1948 (Series 3 Type II to Series 8) Rama 8 Era 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Series 3 Type II 
Series 3 type ii banknotes are produced by Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited. It is the first series to hold Rama 8's portrait, which replaced Rama 7's portrait in the Type I.

 Series 4 Type I 
Series 4 type i banknotes are produced by Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited. 

 Series 4 Type II 
Series 4 type ii banknotes are produced by Royal Thai Survey Department and the Naval Hydrographic Department. During world war 2, Thailand allied with the Empire of Japan. This meant that the government of Thailand could not order banknotes from Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited. 

 Series 5 
Series 5 banknotes are produced by Notes Printing Works of Japan.

 Series 6 
Series 6 banknotes are produced by Royal Thai Survey Department.

 Series 7 
Series 7 banknotes relied on private printing under the supervision of the Bank of Thailand. According to the Bank of Thailand, the quality of this series was barely satisfactory.

 Special Series Banknote 
The special series are banknotes which were issued during world war 2, each at different times.

 Series 8 
At the end of world war 2, Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited's printing house suffered damage from German bombing, thus the Royal Thai Government turned to the United States government to produce the series 8. The Tudor Press company produced this series.

 1925-1935 (Series 2 to Series 3 Type I) Rama 7 Era 

			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Series 2 
Series 2 banknotes are produced by Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited. 

 Series 3 Type I 
Series 3 type i banknotes are produced by Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited. This series was actually delayed due to the Siamese Revolution to abolish the absolute monarch and transform the institution into a constitutional monarchy. The issuance was supposed to happen in the early 1930s.

 1902-1925 (Series 1) Rama 5 and Rama 6 Era 

 Series 1 
Series 1 was chosen due to the series which precedes this were non-decimal. Series 1 banknotes is the first series to be produced by Thomas De La Rue & Company Limited. In 1900, Charles James Rivett Carnac, a Royal Treasury Ministry advisor proposed that the Siamese Baht followed the issuances of banknotes followed the British standard. The banknote department was established quickly thereafter. The main characteristic of this series was that the notes are onesided and multilingual, containing Chinese, Malay (in Jawi script), and Latin script. It was also the last series to use the term "tical" to refer to the Thai Baht, and the largest in term of size of circulated notes.

 Before 1902 Pre Decimalization Era 
The characteristic of the banknotes of this era is that there were no series issued at the same time, rather they are issued sporadically and have multiple banks producing their own banknotes.

 1851-1868 Rama 4 Era Banknotes 

 1868-1902 Rama 5 Era Banknotes 

 Royal Tresury Banknotes 

 HSBC Banknotes 

 The Chartered Bank of India Australia & China Banknotes 

 Banque de L'Indo-Chine Banknotes 

 Money and unit of mass 
Ngoen (เงิน) is Thai for "silver" as well as the general term for money, reflecting the fact that the baht (or tical) is foremost a unit of weight for precious metals and gemstones. One baht = 15.244 grams. Since the standard purity of Thai gold is 96.5 percent, the actual gold content of one baht by weight is 15.244 × 0.965 = 14.71046 grams; equivalent to about 0.473 troy ounces. 15.244 grams is used for bullion; in the case of jewellery, one baht should be more than 15.16 grams.

 Exchange rates 
The Bank of Thailand adopted a series of exchange controls on 19 December 2006, which resulted in a significant divergence between offshore and onshore exchange rates, with spreads of up to 10 percent between the two markets. Controls were broadly lifted on 3 March 2008 and there is now no significant difference between offshore and onshore exchange rates.
(Source 1999–2013: usd.fx-exchange.com)
(Source 2014–2020: Bank of Thailand) [5] Archived 2021-01-23 at the Wayback Machine

 See also 
Economy of Thailand
Stock Exchange of Thailand

 References 

Sources

 External links 
(in Thai) Compare exchange rates of the Thai Baht from many bank in Thailand (archived)
(in English, German, and French) The banknotes of Thailand (archived)

Cleveland Browns relocation controversy
The Cleveland Browns relocation controversy—colloquially called "The Move" by fans—was a controversy during the 1995 NFL season in which the then-Browns owner Art Modell announced that he intended to move the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL) from its longtime home of Cleveland to Baltimore.
Subsequent legal actions by the City of Cleveland and Browns season ticket holders led the NFL to broker a compromise in which Modell agreed to return the Browns franchise to the league. The agreement explicitly stipulated that the Browns franchise, including its history, records and intellectual property, were to remain in Cleveland. In exchange, the NFL agreed to grant Modell a new franchise in Baltimore (which was eventually named the Ravens) while the City of Cleveland agreed to build an NFL-caliber venue to replace the aging Cleveland Stadium. As a result, Cleveland Stadium was demolished, beginning in late 1996, and a new stadium was built on the site.
Since it was deemed infeasible for the Browns to play the 1996 season in Cleveland under such circumstances, the franchise was officially deactivated by the NFL in February 1996. The NFL agreed to re-activate the Browns by 1999 either by way of an expansion draft or by moving an existing team to Cleveland. In lieu of holding both a dispersal draft for the Browns and an expansion draft for the Ravens, the NFL allowed Modell to effectively transfer the Browns' existing football organization to the Ravens. As such, the Ravens are officially regarded by the NFL as an expansion team that began play in 1996. By 1998, the NFL had ruled out moving any of the league's then-30 teams to Cleveland, committed to stocking the roster with an expansion draft, and sold the Browns franchise to Al Lerner, a former minority owner of the franchise under Modell, for $530 million. The re-activated Browns acquired players through this expansion draft and resumed play in 1999.
This compromise, which was unprecedented in North American professional sports, has since been cited in franchise moves and agreements in other leagues, including ones in Major League Baseball (MLB), Major League Soccer (MLS), the National Basketball Association (NBA), and the National Hockey League (NHL).

 Dissatisfaction with Cleveland Stadium 
In 1975, knowing that Municipal Stadium was costing the city more than $300,000 a year to operate, then-Browns owner Art Modell signed a 25-year lease in which he agreed to incur these expenses in exchange for quasi-ownership of the stadium, a portion of his annual profits, and capital improvements to the stadium at his expense. Modell's new company, Stadium Corporation, paid the city annual rents of $150,000 for the first five years and $200,000 afterwards.
Modell had originally promised never to move the Browns. He had publicly criticized the Baltimore Colts' move to Indianapolis, and had testified in favor of the NFL in court cases where the league unsuccessfully tried to stop Al Davis from moving the Oakland Raiders to Los Angeles. However, Modell refused to share suite revenue with the Cleveland Indians, who also played at Cleveland Stadium at that time, even though some of the revenues were generated during baseball games.
In 1990, voters approved a ballot measure to build a new sports complex, the Gateway Sports and Entertainment Complex, which included a new baseball-only stadium and an arena. Modell, believing that his revenues were not endangered, decided not to participate in the Gateway Project that built Jacobs Field for the Indians and Gund Arena for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Modell's assumptions proved incorrect, and Stadium Corporation's suite revenues declined sharply when the Indians moved to Jacobs Field in 1994. Soaring player salaries put additional financial pressure on the Browns' owner. Modell claimed to have lost $21 million between 1993 and 1994.

 Financial considerations 
Due to the massive and relatively consistent increase in the value of NFL franchises since the league's founding in 1920, the league has a long history of owners whose net worth is largely accounted for by the value of their football teams. Even today, many of the league's clubs are owned by businesspeople (or their heirs) who, while relatively well-off by the standards of the time, founded or purchased a football team which has since appreciated in value at a far higher rate than whatever other business interests they might have originally been involved in. However, even with those considerations in mind, Modell's net worth had always been relatively meager compared to most other principal owners in the NFL, despite his longstanding influence in league circles.
The Browns' capitalization problems were systemic and dated back to their founding as a charter All-America Football Conference (AAFC) franchise by legendary coach Paul Brown. Modell was initially recruited in large part because the NFL was desperate to avoid any perception of franchise instability within its ranks, especially in the face of competition with the then-fledgling (but well-financed) American Football League (AFL). As Cleveland had been decisive in ensuring the AAFC's relative success and eventual partial merger with the older league, the NFL was keen not to lose the market once again to yet another rival league in the way it had in 1946 when it allowed the Cleveland Rams to move to Los Angeles. Modell's purchase of the team was thus approved by the NFL under conditions that the league might otherwise have rejected. It was among the most heavily leveraged purchases in league history, as most of the funds used to purchase the team were borrowed.
On the one hand, the eventual negotiation of a merger with the AFL ended the prospect of expensive bidding wars for players in an era when true free agency did not exist, thus allowing the Browns to remain competitive on the field despite a tight budget. Nevertheless, Modell spent most of his tenure as Browns owner in financial difficulty, especially as interest rates soared and the costs of operating an NFL team escalated with the value of the league's franchises. As the 1960's came to a close, the Browns appeared in the NFL's final pre-merger championship game, yet Modell's finances were so perilous that they were a major factor in his decision to lobby for the Browns (along with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Baltimore Colts) to be moved to the American Football Conference upon completion of the merger in 1970 in exchange for financial compensation from the other NFL and AFL owners. However, the $3 million payout (equal to approximately $23 million today) ultimately proved woefully insufficient to clear the team's growing debts.
The Browns' financial situation led Modell to take legally questionable measures to remain solvent. For example, he tried to transfer liability for several personal bad loans to the Browns organization, prompting one of his minority partners to sue him. As early as 1983, Modell concluded that he would never be able to pay all of his debts before his deal with the city expired. The loss of revenue from the Indians hit Modell especially hard. After realizing how much revenue was lost from the Indians moving out of Cleveland Stadium, he requested a referendum be placed on the ballot to provide $175 million in taxes to refurbish the outmoded and declining Cleveland Stadium.

 Announcing the move 
On December 12, 1994, Modell told his board that he didn't believe a referendum to raise the sin tax would pass, as the proceeds would have been used to either fund a renovated Municipal Stadium or a new stadium. Modell then informed them that if the referendum failed, he would be finished in Cleveland, and would have no choice but to move the Browns.Entering the 1995 season, the Browns, coached by Bill Belichick, were coming off a playoff season in 1994 in which the team finished 11–5 and advanced to the second round of the playoffs.  Sports Illustrated predicted that the Browns would represent the AFC in Super Bowl XXX at the end of the 1995 season, and the team started 3–1, but they then lost their next three games.While this was happening, Browns minority owner Al Lerner was privately prodding Modell to consider moving to Baltimore. He urged Modell to contact John Moag, the newly installed Maryland Stadium Authority chairman. Earlier in the year, the league had told Moag that Baltimore would get a team (either an expansion team or an existing team that would be moved from another city) if a stadium were already in place.
Elected officials in Baltimore and Maryland were still smarting from the Colts moving to Indianapolis after the 1983 season, and refused to commit any money towards a new stadium unless the Stadium Authority secured a deal with a team. With this in mind, Moag made several calls to Modell that went ignored for much of 1995. Finally, in late July, Modell allowed Lerner to meet with Moag, provided that Lerner stress that Modell was not serious about moving. At that meeting, Moag laid out an offer in which the Browns would get the rights to a new, $220 million stadium if they moved to Baltimore. However, Moag told Lerner to take the offer back to Modell only if he was serious about considering a move.Negotiations continued in secret until September, when Moag told Lerner that if the Browns were serious about moving, "you need to act and act now." A few days later, Lerner, Modell and Moag met at Lerner's Midtown Manhattan office. At that meeting, Moag presented a memorandum of understanding that was almost identical to what he'd offered the Cincinnati Bengals a few months earlier: a deal that ultimately led Cincinnati voters to pass a referendum that built what would become Paul Brown Stadium. Indeed, some paragraphs still referred to "Cincinnati" rather than "Cleveland." Modell still had some trepidation about the deal, but signed after Moag assured him that Baltimore fans would hail him as a hero.Soon afterward, Modell told San Francisco 49ers president Carmen Policy that he was moving the Browns to Baltimore. Policy had been well aware that relations between Modell and Cleveland had become rather strained, and was secretly working with Pittsburgh Steelers owner Dan Rooney to keep the Browns in Cleveland. Policy urged Modell to sit down with NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue in hopes of resolving the situation, but Modell rejected it out of hand.On November 6, 1995, with the team at 4–5, Modell announced in a press conference at Camden Yards that he had signed a deal to move the Browns to Baltimore for the 1996 season. The team would play at the Colts' former home (Memorial Stadium) while the new stadium was being built. Modell said he felt the city of Cleveland did not have the funding nor political will to build a first-class stadium. The very next day, on November 7, Cleveland voters overwhelmingly approved the aforementioned tax issue to remodel Cleveland Stadium.Despite this, Modell ruled out a reversal of his decision, maintaining publicly that his relationship with Cleveland had been irrevocably severed. "The bridge is down, burned, disappeared", he said. "There's not even a canoe there for me." In truth, Modell had been brought to tears when he signed the memorandum of understanding in September: he had even told Moag that signing it was "the hardest thing I've ever done" and meant "the end of our life in Cleveland." Years later, longtime Browns general counsel Jim Bailey told The Athletic that Modell was "an emotional wreck" when he signed the memorandum.

 Initial reaction 
The City of Cleveland sued Modell, the Browns, Stadium Corp, the Maryland Stadium Authority, and the authority's director, John A. Moag Jr., in City of Cleveland v. Cleveland Browns, et al., Cuyahoga County Court of Common Pleas Case No. CV-95-297833, for breaching the Browns' lease, which required the team to play its home games at Cleveland Stadium for several years beyond 1995, filing an injunction to keep the Browns in the city until at least 1998. Several other lawsuits were filed by fans and ticket holders. The United States Congress even held hearings on the matter.Comedian Drew Carey returned to his hometown of Cleveland on November 26, 1995, to host "Fan Jam" in protest of the proposed move. A protest was held in Pittsburgh during the Browns' game there against the Pittsburgh Steelers, but ABC, the network broadcasting the game (and also the home of Carey's new sitcom that had just premiered), declined to cover or mention the protest. That game was one of the few instances that Steelers fans and Browns fans were supportive of each other, as fans in Pittsburgh felt that Modell was robbing their team of their long-standing rivalry with the Browns. Browns fans reacted with anger to the news, wearing hats and T-shirts that read "Muck Fodell".On the field, the Browns stumbled to finish 5–11 after the announcement, ahead of only the expansion Jacksonville Jaguars, to whom they lost twice, in the AFC Central, becoming the first team in the NFL's modern era to lose twice to a first-year expansion team. Virtually all of the team's sponsors pulled their support, leaving Cleveland Stadium devoid of advertising during the team's final weeks.  After the announcement, the team lost all their home games except the final, in which they defeated the Cincinnati Bengals 26–10. The game itself was blacked out on television locally on WKYC, but NBC did broadcast extensive pregame coverage from Cleveland.

 Settlement 
After extensive talks between the NFL, Modell, and officials of the two cities, Cleveland and Modell accepted a legal settlement that would keep the Browns legacy in Cleveland, in exchange for dropping its lawsuit.
While a number of parties had already expressed interest in acquiring the Browns by this point, it soon became clear that no viable owner would be ready to operate a football team on such short notice; even without that to consider, the NFL had insisted on the replacement of Cleveland Stadium, whereas the city had no other venue that met NFL requirements for even temporary use.
Thus, on February 9, 1996, the NFL announced that the Browns franchise would be "deactivated" for three years, and that a new stadium would be built for a new Browns team, as either an expansion team or a team moved from another city, that would begin play in 1999, while in exchange Modell would be granted a new franchise - the 31st NFL franchise - for Baltimore.
Modell was permitted to retain the current contracts of players and other football personnel although notably, Belichick was fired. Ironically, his successor Ted Marchibroda's two previous head coaching stints had both been with the Colts, the first being in Baltimore in the 1970's and the second being in Indianapolis immediately prior to being hired by Modell's still-unnamed Baltimore team. The name of Modell's holding company was changed from Cleveland Browns, Inc. to Baltimore Ravens, Inc., however Modell is typically reckoned to have moved the football organization, but not the franchise itself.
The settlement stipulated that the reactivated team for Cleveland would retain the Browns' name, colors, history, records, awards, and archives. It was approved by league owners after a 25–2 vote, with three abstentions. The two "no" votes were from Ralph Wilson of Buffalo and Dan Rooney of Pittsburgh. The three abstentions were from the owners whose teams at the time had most recently re-located (the Cardinals, Raiders and Rams), thus notably including Raiders' owner Al Davis who had earlier publicly clashed with Modell regarding franchise moves.
An additional stipulation was that in any future realignment plan, the Browns would be placed in a division with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cincinnati Bengals due to long-standing rivalries with those two teams. Upon their reactivation in 1999, the Browns were placed back in the AFC Central with the Steelers and Bengals, as well as the Ravens, Titans, and Jaguars: this arrangement put teams from Baltimore, Cleveland and Pittsburgh in the same division for the first time in NFL history.
When the NFL realigned into divisions of four teams for the 2002 season, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and Baltimore remained together in the new AFC North, while Tennessee, Jacksonville, Indianapolis (from the AFC East), and the expansion team, Houston Texans were placed in the new AFC South.
The only other active NFL team to temporarily suspend operations without merging with any other was Cleveland's previous NFL team, the Rams, who did not field a team for the 1943 season due to a shortage of players at the height of World War II.

 Aftermath and legacy 
The return of the NFL to Baltimore compelled the departure of the professional football team already in Baltimore at the time, the Grey Cup champion Baltimore Stallions of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Although they had drawn respectable fan support during their two seasons in Baltimore, Stallions owner Jim Speros knew his team could not compete with an NFL team, and in any case would have likely been evicted from Memorial Stadium to make way for the Ravens. Speros opted to re-establish the Montreal Alouettes, a move which effectively ended the CFL's U.S. expansion experiment. They subsequently assumed the name and history of the team that previously played in the city, the Alouettes, who had ceased operations just days before the start of the 1987 season.
Focus groups, a telephone survey, and a fan contest were all held to help select a new name for Modell's team. Starting with a list of over 100 possible names, the team's management reduced it to 17. From there, focus groups of a total of 200 Baltimore area residents reduced the list of names to six, and then a phone survey of 1000 people trimmed it down to three, Marauders, Americans, and Ravens. Finally, a fan contest drawing 33,288 voters picked "Ravens", a name that alludes to the famous poem, "The Raven", by Edgar Allan Poe, who spent the latter part of his life in Baltimore, and is buried there. The team also adopted purple and black as their team colors, a stark contrast to the brown and orange colors of the Browns. The former Colts Marching Band, which remained in Baltimore after the Colts moved to Indianapolis, was subsequently renamed the Baltimore's Marching Ravens. Along with the Washington Commanders, the Ravens are one of only two NFL teams with an official marching band.
Modell's move to Baltimore came amid an unprecedented flurry of similar threats — and actual moves — that fueled 12 new stadiums throughout the NFL. The Seahawks, Buccaneers, Bengals, Lions, Cardinals, and Bears used the threat of moving to coerce their respective cities to build new stadiums with public funds. Modell's team was one of four that actually moved between 1995 and 1997: Los Angeles lost both of its teams for the 1995 season, as the Raiders moved back to Oakland and the Rams moved east to St. Louis (the Rams would later move back to Los Angeles in 2016); and the Houston Oilers moved to Tennessee in 1997, where they became the Tennessee Titans two years later.
As with all other moves, NFL football continued to air on local television in Cleveland due to the league's television contracts. During the three years the Browns suspended operations, the NFL ordered its broadcast partners to air games featuring the Browns' two biggest rivals, the Bengals and Steelers, on Cleveland's local stations. Two official secondary markets the Browns share with another team--Columbus and Youngstown—both primarily aired games from the teams the Browns shared those markets with, with Columbus airing Bengals games and Youngstown airing Steelers games. Erie, Pennsylvania, which is officially a secondary market for the Buffalo Bills but airs many Browns games due to Erie's close proximity to Cleveland, aired more Bills home games as well as Steelers games whenever it didn't come in conflict with the Bills away schedule.
After several NFL teams threatened to move to Cleveland to become the reactivated Browns (most notably the Tampa Bay Buccaneers), the NFL decided in 1998 to make the reactivated Browns an expansion team; while temporarily giving the league an odd number of teams (causing at least one team to be off in each of the 17 weeks of the NFL season from 1999–2001), this also eliminated any possibility of an existing franchise giving up its own identity for the Browns and thus prevented more lawsuits. In an ironic twist, Al Lerner—who helped Modell move to Baltimore—was granted ownership of the reactivated Browns; his son Randy took over ownership after Al's death in 2002 before selling the team to Pilot Flying J CEO Jimmy Haslam in 2012.
From its beginning, the odd number of teams and the ensuing awkward scheduling was considered a temporary arrangement pending the addition of a 32nd NFL franchise. Although Los Angeles was heavily favored, it was ultimately Houston that was awarded the league's 32nd team for the 2002 NFL season. The 2002 expansion led to a major re-alignment of the NFL into eight four-team divisions. The Jaguars and Titans joined the Texans in the new AFC South along with the Colts, Baltimore's former team, who moved from the AFC East. The Browns and Ravens' division was rebranded as the AFC North. Finally, to keep the conferences equal in size, the Seattle Seahawks (who had played their inaugural season in the National Football Conference) moved from the AFC West to the NFC West.
Following Houston's return to the NFL, Los Angeles became the favored destination for owners threatening to move their teams until the St. Louis Rams finally returned to Los Angeles for the 2016 season, followed by the San Diego Chargers (who had previously called L.A. home in the early days of the American Football League) one year later.Two of the players from the Browns' 1995 roster returned to Cleveland in 1999. They were Antonio Langham, who spent the 1998 season with the San Francisco 49ers and was claimed by the Browns in the expansion draft, and Orlando Brown, who played for Baltimore until 1998 and signed with Cleveland as a free agent. Each player would play only the 1999 season in Cleveland. They were ultimately the only two players to play for the Browns under both the Modell and Lerner organizations.
The reactivated Browns have had only four winning seasons since returning to the NFL in 1999, with records of 9–7 in 2002, 10–6 in 2007, 11–5 in 2020, and 11–6 in 2023, earning wild card berths in the playoffs in 2002, 2020, and 2023. Meanwhile, the Ravens have been more successful, reaching the playoffs 15 times since 2000 and winning Super Bowl XXXV and Super Bowl XLVII, to the dismay of Browns fans. Longtime placekicker Matt Stover was the last remaining Ravens player that played for the Modell-owned Browns—he departed the Ravens following the 2008 season when the team chose not to re-sign him, finishing his career with the Indianapolis Colts. General manager and former Browns tight end Ozzie Newsome (who was in a front-office role under Modell in Cleveland) remained with the Ravens until his retirement in 2018.
The move would also have an effect in Pittsburgh. Steelers owner Dan Rooney was one of two owners (alongside Ralph Wilson of the Bills) to oppose Modell's move to Baltimore because of a mutual respect for the team and the fans. Because of the move, the Browns–Steelers rivalry, arguably one of the most heated rivalries in the NFL, has somewhat cooled in Pittsburgh due to the new Browns' lack of success. The Ravens–Steelers rivalry is considered the spiritual successor by some fans in Pittsburgh and is one of the most heated current rivalries in the NFL. Since returning to the NFL, the Browns–Steelers rivalry has been largely one-sided in favor of Pittsburgh; although the rivalry is not as intense in Pittsburgh, Browns fans still consider it their top rivalry despite the Browns' recent struggles against the Steelers. However, the rivalry began to heat up on the Pittsburgh side when the Browns defeated the Steelers 48–37 in the 2020 Wild Card playoff round.Modell continued to struggle financially even after the move. Like several other owners who had acquired their teams prior to the AFL–NFL merger Modell's net worth by the end of his tenure was primarily derived from the appreciation of his team's value, and he had relatively little outside wealth to help underwrite his club's expenses. Because of such continual financial hardships, the NFL directed Modell to initiate the sale of his franchise. On March 27, 2000, NFL owners approved the sale of 49 percent of the Ravens to Steve Bisciotti. In the deal, Bisciotti had an option to purchase the remaining 51 percent for $325 million in 2004 from Art Modell. On April 8, 2004, the NFL approved Steve Bisciotti's purchase of the majority stake in the club.Although Modell later retired and had relinquished control of the Ravens, he is still despised in Cleveland, not only for moving the Browns, but also for his firing of head coach Paul Brown (who eventually founded the future arch-rival Bengals in 1968) in 1963. Some consider the Browns' move and subsequent lawsuits as having cost Modell a spot in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, which is in Canton, Ohio, 60 miles south of Cleveland and part of the Cleveland television market and Browns' territorial rights. Modell died in 2012, having never returned to Cleveland. The Browns were the only home team that did not acknowledge, much less commemorate, Modell's death the following Sunday. The team opted not to do so at the request of David Modell, who feared that the announcement would be met with anger by Browns fans still upset about the move.

 Effect on teams in other sports leagues 

 Major League Baseball 
The Minnesota Twins, when they signed their deal with Hennepin County, Minnesota for Target Field in 2006, agreed to a provision that was signed into law, allowing the state of Minnesota the right of first refusal to buy the team if it is ever sold. Also, it requires that the name, colors, World Series trophies, and history of the team remain in Minnesota if the Twins are ever moved out of the state. The deal is similar to what Modell agreed to with the city of Cleveland during the move.
After the Oakland Athletics announced their move to Las Vegas in 2023, they attempted to acquire a three-year lease extension at the Oakland Coliseum until their new stadium in Las Vegas is finished. However, Oakland mayor Sheng Thao included a provision in the lease extension that would require the Athletics to keep the team name and history in Oakland for use by a potential expansion team if the Oakland A's were to play at the Coliseum for three more years. Ultimately, the A's rejected the lease extension and will play their last season in Oakland in 2024 before moving to Las Vegas in 2025.

 Major League Soccer 
In December 2005, the San Jose Earthquakes moved to Houston to become the Houston Dynamo. At the time, it was announced by the league that while players and staff would move with the team, the team name, colors, logo, and records (including two championship trophies) would stay in San Jose for when a new expansion team arrived. In 2008, the Earthquakes returned under the ownership of Lew Wolff.
The Browns move in 1995 had a direct effect on a proposed move of the Columbus Crew to Austin, Texas; the Modell Law, which was implemented in Ohio in 1996, prohibits sports teams that benefited from public facilities or financial assistance from moving to another city without a six-month notice and an attempt to sell the team to a local ownership group. A lawsuit was filed by Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine and the city of Columbus. Rather ironically, Cleveland Browns owner Jimmy and Dee Haslam, along with other investors, offered to buy the Columbus Crew to keep them in Columbus. The deal sold the operational rights of the Crew to the Haslams, while previous Crew owner Anthony Precourt kept his equity stake in MLS, and was granted ownership of a new franchise in Austin. The sale of the Crew to Haslam's ownership group was announced as agreed to on December 28, 2018, and was completed in January 2019. As part of the deal, the lawsuit against Precourt was dismissed that day; the Modell Law remains untested as a result.

 National Hockey League 
After the Quebec Nordiques moved to Denver in 1995 to become the Colorado Avalanche, the franchise's retired numbers, name, logos, and historical stats remained in Quebec City and are expected to be used by any future Quebec City NHL franchise that may be established or move there. Upon arrival at Denver, the Nordiques' retired numbers were placed back into circulation.
In 2011, a team took the name of a city's previous team (as the Baltimore Stallions did when the Ravens forced their move to Montreal). That saga began in 1996, when the Winnipeg Jets left Manitoba for Phoenix, Arizona, and become the Phoenix (later Arizona) Coyotes. Thirteen years later, the Coyotes went bankrupt and were taken over by the league. Winnipeg-based True North Sports & Entertainment offered to buy the team and return it to Winnipeg, where it presumably would have re-assumed the Jets' name and history. The NHL turned down that proposal — they were still looking for an owner to operate the franchise in Phoenix, whose municipal government had agreed to subsidize the team's financial losses — but said that moving the team back to Winnipeg was their preferred backup option. But when the Atlanta Thrashers came up for sale a year later, the league decided that there was no chance of finding an owner to operate a franchise in Georgia, so they arranged for True North to purchase the Atlanta franchise and move it to Winnipeg for the 2011–12 NHL season. The league decided to let True North and the new Jets use the identity of the old Winnipeg team, but not its history, which remained in Arizona with the Coyotes. The new Jets organization highlighted this change by quickly re-issuing the team's #9 jersey — retired by the old Jets in honor of superstar Bobby Hull — to forward Evander Kane, who had worn the number in Atlanta. While the new Jets were unable to reclaim the franchise records of the original franchise from 1972 to 1996, they did reclaim its logos and trademarks; since 2016, the current franchise honored the original incarnation by wearing throwback jerseys and pay tribute to its iconic players by establishing the Winnipeg Jets Hall of Fame.

 National Basketball Association 
The Seattle SuperSonics' move to Oklahoma City in 2008 included an agreement that the SuperSonics' name, logo, colors, banners, trophies, and history would all be left in Seattle, kept in a museum until such time as a new team arrived to put them on display. The original franchise, now known as the Oklahoma City Thunder, keeps the SuperSonics records, championships, and retired numbers, until a new SuperSonics franchise is brought to Seattle: in effect, both the Thunder and the new SuperSonics franchise would share the original SuperSonics history.
Similar to the Winnipeg Jets scenario in the NHL, the NBA first entered Charlotte in 1988 in the form of the Charlotte Hornets. That team moved to New Orleans after the 2001–02 season, retaining the Hornets name. The league returned to Charlotte for the 2004–05 season with a new team, the Charlotte Bobcats, and after the New Orleans franchise changed its name to the Pelicans following the 2012–13 season, the Bobcats announced that they would reclaim the Hornets name effective with the 2014–15 season. When the name change from Bobcats to Hornets became official in May 2014, it announced that the Hornets, Pelicans, and the NBA had reached an agreement that all history and records of the original Charlotte Hornets would be transferred to the revived Hornets: thus, the Hornets are now considered to have been established in 1988, suspended operations in 2002, and resumed play in 2004 (as the Bobcats, and changing their name back to the Hornets in 2014), while the Pelicans are now considered a 2002 expansion team.
In the middle of the 2016-17 NBA season, the Detroit Pistons organized a deal to move the team out of The Palace of Auburn Hills and into the new Little Caesars Arena in Downtown Detroit, which was to open the following season: the deal was successful, and the Pistons moved into the arena the following season. When they moved back downtown, Palace Sports and Entertainment (the organization that owns the Pistons) made an agreement similar to the Supersonic's deal: if the team were ever to move out of Detroit, the team's name, colors, history, and records, including the team's NBA championship trophies, would remain in Detroit. This also includes all history, records, logo, colors, banners, and trophies of the Pistons' former WNBA affiliate, the Detroit Shock (now the Dallas Wings), whose three WNBA trophies and all other records were already in possession of the Pistons at the time of the move to Detroit.

 National Lacrosse League 
The Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League were moved to Halifax in the 2019 NLL season to become the Halifax Thunderbirds. The intellectual property of the Knighthawks was acquired by Terry Pegula in 2019 for the new team while the history and records were transferred to Halifax.

 Women's National Basketball Association 
After the Detroit Shock moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma in 2010, the franchise's three WNBA trophies, logo, colors, banners, trophies, and historical statistics remained in Detroit while the history and records were transferred with the team to Tulsa. The team would later move to Arlington, Texas and become the Dallas Wings in 2016.

 See also 
Relocation of professional sports teams
Cleveland sports curse
Browns–Ravens rivalry
History of the Cleveland Browns
History of the Baltimore Ravens

 References 

 Further reading 

 External links 
Inside the Browns deal. A Los Angeles Times article on the Cleveland Browns' move.
Cleveland Browns relocation on YouTube on The NFL on NBC pregame show.

Erasmus
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus (; Dutch: [ˌdeːziˈdeːriʏs eˈrɑsmʏs]; English: Erasmus of Rotterdam or Erasmus; 28 October c.1466 – 12 July 1536) was a Dutch Christian humanist, Catholic theologian, educationalist, satirist and philosopher. Through his vast number of translations, books, essays, prayers and letters, he is considered one of the most influential thinkers of the Northern Renaissance and one of the major figures of Dutch and Western culture.He was an important figure in classical scholarship who wrote in a spontaneous, copious and natural Latin style. As a Catholic priest developing humanist techniques for working on texts, he prepared important new Latin and Greek editions of the New Testament, which raised questions that would be influential in the Reformation and Counter-Reformation. He also wrote On Free Will, The Praise of Folly, Handbook of a Christian Knight, On Civility in Children, Copia: Foundations of the Abundant Style and many other works.
Erasmus lived against the backdrop of the growing European religious Reformation. He developed a biblical humanistic theology in which he advocated tolerance, concord and free thinking on matters of indifference. He remained a member of the Catholic Church all his life, remaining committed to reforming the Church from within. He promoted the traditional doctrine of synergism, which some prominent Reformers such as Martin Luther and John Calvin rejected in favor of the doctrine of monergism. His middle-road approach disappointed, and even angered, partisans in both camps.

 Biography 
Erasmus's almost 70 years can be divided into four quarters.

First was his medieval Dutch childhood, ending with his being orphaned and impoverished;
second, his struggling years as a canon (a kind of monk), a clerk, a priest, a failing and sickly university student, a would-be poet, and a tutor;
third, his flourishing but peripatetic years of increasing focus and productivity following his 1499 contact with a reformist English circle, then with French Fransiscan Jean Vitrier and later with the Aldine New Academy in Venice; and
fourth, his final more secure and settled Black Forest years as a prime influencer of European thought through his New Testament and increasing opposition to Lutheranism.

 Early life 
Desiderius Erasmus is reported to have been born in Rotterdam on 28 October in the late-1460s. 
He was named after Erasmus of Formiae, whom Erasmus' father Gerard (Gerardus Helye) personally favored. Although associated closely with Rotterdam, he lived there for only four years, never to return afterwards.
The year of Erasmus' birth is unclear: in later life he calculated his age as if born in 1466, but frequently his remembered age at major events actually implies 1469.: 8  (This article currently gives 1466 as the birth year. To handle this disagreement, ages are given first based on 1469, then in parentheses based on 1466: e.g., "20 (or 23)".)
His parents could not be legally married: his father, Gerard, was a Catholic priest who may have spent up to six years in the 1450s or 60s in Italy as a scribe and scholar.: 196  His mother was Margaretha Rogerius (Latinized form of Dutch surname Rutgers), the daughter of a doctor from Zevenbergen. She may have been Gerard's housekeeper. 
Although he was born out of wedlock, Erasmus was cared for by his parents, with a loving household and the best education, until their early deaths from the bubonic plague in 1483. His only sibling  Peter might have been born in 1463, and some writers suggest Margaret was a widow and Peter was the half-brother of Erasmus; Erasmus on the other side called him his brother. There were legal and social restrictions on the careers and opportunities open to the children of unwed parents.
Erasmus' own story, in his 1524 Compendium vitae Erasmi was along the lines that his parents were engaged, with the formal marriage blocked by his relatives (presumably a young widow or unmarried mother with a child was not an advantageous match); his father went to Italy to study Latin and Greek, and the relatives mislead Gerard that Margaretha had died, on which news grieving Gerard romantically took Holy Orders, only to find on his return that Margaretha was alive; many scholars dispute this account.: 89 In 1471 his father became the vice-curate of the small town of Woerden (where young Erasmus may have attended the local vernacular school to learn to read and write) and in 1476 was promoted to the vice-curate of Gouda.Erasmus was given the highest education available to a young man of his day, in a series of monastic or semi-monastic schools. In 1476, at the age of 6 (or 9), his family moved to Gouda and he started at the school of Mr Pieter Winckel, who later became his guardian (and, perhaps, diverted Erasmus and Peter's inheritance.) (Historians who date his birth in 1466 have Erasmus in Utrecht at the choir school at this period.)
In 1478, at the age of 9 (or 12), he and his older brother Peter were sent to one of the best Latin schools in the Netherlands, located at Deventer and owned by the chapter clergy of the Lebuïnuskerk (St. Lebuin's Church). Towards the end of his stay there the curriculum was renewed by the new principal of the school, Alexander Hegius, a correspondent of pioneering rhetorician Rudolphus Agricola. For the first time in Europe north of the Alps, Greek was taught at a lower level than a university  and this is where he began learning it. His education there ended when plague struck the city about 1483, and his mother, who had moved to provide a home for her sons, died from the infection. Following the death of his parents and 20 students at his school he moved back to his patria (Rotterdam?) where he was supported by Berthe de Heyden, a compassionate widow.
In 1484, around the age 14 (or 17), he and his brother went to a cheaper grammar school or seminary at 's-Hertogenbosch run by the Brethren of the Common Life. He was exposed there to the Devotio moderna movement and the Brethren's famous book The Imitation of Christ but resented the harsh rules and strict methods of the religious brothers and educators. The two brothers made an agreement that they would resist the clergy but attend the university; Erasmus longed to study in Italy.: 804  Instead, Peter left for the Augustinian canonry in Stein, which left Erasmus feeling betrayed. Around this time he wrote forlornly to his friend Elizabeth de Heyden "Shipwrecked am I, and lost, 'mid waters chill'." He suffered Quartan fever for over a year. Eventually Erasmus moved to the same abbey as a postulant in or before 1487, around the age of 16 (or 19.)

 Vows, ordination and canonry experience 
Poverty had forced Erasmus into the consecrated life, entering the novitiate in 1487 at the canonry at rural Stein, very near Gouda, South Holland: the Chapter of Sion community largely borrowed its rule from the larger monkish Congregation of Windesheim. In 1488-1490, the surrounding region was plundered badly by armies fighting the Jonker Fransen war of succession and then suffered a famine.: 759  Erasmus professed his vows as a Canon Regular of St. Augustine there in late 1488 at age 19 (or 22). Historian Fr. Aiden Gasquet later wrote: "One thing, however, would seem to be quite clear; he could never have had any vocation for the religious life. His whole subsequent history shows this unmistakeably."  According to one Catholic biographer, Erasmus had a spiritual awakening at the monastery.Certain abuses in religious orders were among the chief objects of his later calls to reform the Western Church from within, particularly coerced or tricked recruitment of immature boys (as "victims of Dominic and Francis and Benedict"): Erasmus felt he had belonged to this class, joining "voluntarily but not freely" and so considered himself, if not morally bound by his vows, certainly legally, socially and honour- bound to keep them, yet to look for his true vocation.: 439 While at Stein, 18-(or 21-)year-old Erasmus fell in unrequited love, forming what he called a "passionate attachment" (Latin: fervidos amores), with a fellow canon, Servatius Rogerus, and wrote a series of love letters in which he called Rogerus "half my soul", writing that "it was not for the sake of reward or out of a desire for any favour that I have wooed you both unhappily and relentlessly. What is it
then? Why, that you love him who loves you." This correspondence contrasts with the generally detached and much more restrained attitude he usually showed in his later life, though he had a capacity to form and maintain deep male friendships, such as with More, Colet, and Ammonio. No mentions or sexual accusations were ever made of Erasmus during his lifetime. His works notably praise moderate sexual desire in marriage between men and women.In 1493 he was permitted to leave the canonry when offered the post of Latin secretary to the ambitious Bishop of Cambrai, Henry of Bergen, on account of his great skill in Latin and his reputation as a man of letters.He was ordained to the Catholic priesthood either on 25 April 1492, or 25 April 1495, at age 25 (or 28.) Either way, he did not actively work as a choir priest for very long, though his many works on confession and penance suggests experience of dispensing them.
From 1500, he avoided returning to the canonry at Stein even insisting the diet and hours would kill him, though he did stay with other Augustinian communities and at monasteries of other orders in his travels. Rogerus, who became prior at Stein in 1504, and Erasmus corresponded over the years, with Rogerus demanding Erasmus return after his studies were complete. Nevertheless, the library of the canonry  ended up with by far the largest collection of Erasmus' publications in the Gouda region.In 1505 Pope Julius II granted a dispensation from the vow of poverty to the extent of allowing Erasmus to hold certain benefices, and from the control and habit of his order, though he remained a priest and, formally, an Augustinian canon regular the rest his life. In 1517 Pope Leo X granted legal dispensations for Erasmus' defects of natality  and confirmed the previous dispensation, allowing the 48-(or 51-)year-old his independence  but still, as a canon, capable of holding office as a prior or abbot.

Many of Erasmus' convictions seem to spring from his early biography:  esteem for the married state and appropriate marriages, support for priestly marriage, concern for improving marriage prospects for females, opposition to inconsiderate rules notably institutional dietary rules, a desire to make education engaging for the participants, interest in classical languages, horror of poverty and spiritual hopelessness, distaste for friars begging when they could study or work, unwillingness to be in the control of authorities, laicism, the need for those in authority to act in the best interest of their charges, a prizing of mercy and peace, an anger over unnecessary war especially between avaricious princes, an awareness of mortality, etc.

 Travels 
Erasmus traveled widely and regularly, for reasons of poverty, "escape" from his Stein canonry (to Cambrai), education (to Paris, Turin), escape from the sweating sickness plague (to Orléans), employment (to England),  searching libraries for manuscripts, writing (Brabant), royal counsel (Cologne), patronage, tutoring and chaperoning (North Italy), networking (Rome), seeing books through printing in person (Paris, Venice, Louvain, Basel), and avoiding the persecution of religious fanatics (to Freiburg.) He enjoyed horseback riding

 Paris 
In 1495 with Bishop Henry's consent and a stipend, Erasmus went on to study at the University of Paris  in the Collège de Montaigu, a centre of reforming zeal,  under the direction of the ascetic Jan Standonck, of whose rigors he complained. The university was then the chief seat of Scholastic learning but already coming under the influence of Renaissance humanism. For instance, Erasmus became an intimate friend of an Italian humanist Publio Fausto Andrelini, poet and "professor of humanity" in Paris.During this time, Erasmus developed a deep aversion to exclusive or excessive Aristotelianism and Scholasticism and started finding work as a tutor/chaperone to visiting English and Scottish aristocrats.

 England 

Erasmus stayed in England at least three times. In between he had periods studying in Paris, Orléans, Leuven and other cities.

 First visit - 1499-1500 
In 1499 he was invited to England by William Blount, 4th Baron Mountjoy, who offered to accompany him on his trip to England. His time in England was fruitful in the making of lifelong friendships with the leaders of English thought in the days of King Henry VIII.
During his first visit to England in 1499, he studied or taught at the University of Oxford. Erasmus was particularly impressed by the Bible teaching of John Colet, who pursued a style more akin to the church fathers than the Scholastics. Through the influence of the humanist John Colet, his interests turned towards theology. Other distinctive features of Colet's thought that may have influenced Erasmus are his pacifism, reform-mindedness, anti-Scholasticism and pastoral esteem for the sacrament of Confession.: 94 This prompted him, upon his return from England to Paris, to intensively study the Greek language, which would enable him to study theology on a more profound level.Erasmus also became fast friends with Thomas More, a young law student considering becoming a monk, whose thought (e.g., on conscience and equity) had been influenced by 14th century French theologian Jean Gerson.Erasmus left London with a full purse from his generous friends, to allow him to complete his studies. However, the English Customs officials confiscated all gold and silver, leaving him with nothing except a night fever that lasted several months.

 Second visit - 1505-1506 
For Erasmus' second visit, he spent over a year staying at recently-married Thomas More's house, now a lawyer and Member of Parliament, honing his translation skills.Erasmus preferred to live the life of an independent scholar and made a conscious effort to avoid any actions or formal ties that might inhibit his individual freedom. In England Erasmus was approached with prominent offices but he declined them all, until the King himself offered his support. He was inclined, but eventually did not accept and longed for a stay in Italy.

 Third visit - 1510-1515 
In 1510, Erasmus arrived at More's bustling house, was parked in bed to recover from his recurrent illness, and wrote The Praise of Folly, which was to be a best-seller. More was at that time the undersheriff of the City of London.
After his glorious reception in Italy, Erasmus had returned broke and jobless, with strained relations with former friends and benefactors on the continent, and he regretted leaving Italy, despite being horrified by papal warfare. There is a gap in his usually voluminous correspondence: his so-called "two lost years", perhaps due to self-censorship of dangerous or disgruntled opinions; he shared lodgings with his friend Andrea Ammonio (Latin secretary to Mountjoy, and the next year, to Henry VIII) provided at the London Austin Friars' compound, skipping out after a disagreement with the friars over rent that caused bad blood.He assisted his friend John Colet by authoring Greek textbooks and securing members of staff for the newly established St Paul's School and was in contact when Colet gave his notorious 1512 Convocation sermon which called for a reformation of ecclesiastical affairs.: 230–250  At Colet's instigation, Erasmus started work on De copia.
In 1511, the University of Cambridge's Chancellor John Fisher arranged for Erasmus to be the Lady Margaret's Professor of Divinity, though Erasmus turned down the option of spending the rest of his life as a professor there. He studied and taught Greek and researched and lectured on Jerome.Erasmus mainly stayed at Queens' College while lecturing at the university, between 1511 and 1515. Erasmus' rooms were located in the "I" staircase of Old Court. Despite a chronic shortage of money, he succeeded in mastering Greek by an intensive, day-and-night study of three years, taught by Thomas Linacre, continuously begging in letters that his friends send him books and money for teachers.Erasmus suffered from poor health and was especially concerned with heating, clean air, ventilation, draughts, fresh food and unspoiled wine: he complained about the draughtiness of English buildings. He complained that Queens' College could not supply him with enough decent wine (wine was the Renaissance medicine for gallstones, from which Erasmus suffered). As Queens' was an unusually humanist-leaning institution in the 16th century, Queens' College Old Library still houses many first editions of Erasmus's publications, many of which were acquired during that period by bequest or purchase, including Erasmus's New Testament translation, which is signed by friend and Polish religious reformer Jan Łaski.During this time, Erasmus encouraged Thomas More's book Utopia (pub. 1516), perhaps even contributing fragments. By this time More was a judge on the poorman's equity court (Master of Requests) and a Privy Counsellor.

 France and Brabant 

Following his first trip to England, Erasmus returned first to poverty in Paris, where he started to compile the Adagio for his students, then to Orleans to escape the plague, and then to semi-monastic life, scholarly studies and writing in France, notably at the Benedictine Abbey of Saint Bertin at St Omer (1501,1502) where he wrote the initial version of the Enchiridion (Handbook of the Christian Knight.) A particular influence was his encounter in 1501 with Jean (Jehan) Vitrier, a radical Franciscan who consolidated Erasmus' thoughts against excessive valorization of monasticism, ceremonialism and fasting: 94, 95  in a kind of conversion experience,: 213, 219   and introduced him to Origen.In 1502, Erasmus went to Brabant, ultimately to the university at Louvain, then back to Paris in 1504.

 Italy 

In 1506 he was able to accompany and tutor the sons of the personal physician of the English King through Italy to Bologna.His discovery en route of Lorenzo Valla's New Testament Notes was a major event in his career and prompted Erasmus to study the New Testament using philology.In 1506 they passed through Turin and he arranged to be awarded the degree of Doctor of Sacred Theology (Sacra Theologia): 638  from the University of Turin per saltum at age 37 (or 40.) Erasmus stayed tutoring in Bologna for a year; in the Winter, Erasmus was present when Pope Julius II entered victorious into the conquered Bologna which he had besieged before.
Erasmus traveled on to Venice, working on an expanded version of his Adagia at the Aldine Press of the famous printer Aldus Manutius, advised him which manuscripts to publish,  and was an honorary member of the graecophone Aldine "New Academy" (Greek: Neakadêmia (Νεακαδημία)). From Aldus he learned the in-person workflow that made him productive at Froben: making last-minute changes, and immediately checking and correcting printed page proofs as soon as the ink had dried.  Aldus wrote that Erasmus could do twice as much work in a given time as any other man he had ever met.In 1507, according to his letters, he studied advanced Greek in Padua with the Venetian natural philosopher, Giulio Camillo. He found employment tutoring and escorting Scottish nobleman Alexander Stewart, the 24-year old Archbishop of St Andrews, through Padua, Florence, and Siena Erasmus made it to Rome in 1509, visiting some notable libraries and cardinals, but having a less active association with Italian scholars than might have been expected.
In 1510, William Warham, Archbishop of Canterbury, and Lord Mountjoy lured him back to England, now under its new humanist king, paying £10 journey money. On his trip back over the Alps, down the Rhein, to England, Erasmus mentally composed The Praise of Folly.

 Brabant (Flanders) 

His residence at Leuven, where he lectured at the University, exposed Erasmus to much criticism from those ascetics, academics and clerics hostile to the principles of literary and religious reform to which he was devoting his life. In 1514, en route to Basel, he made the acquaintance of Hermannus Buschius, Ulrich von Hutten and Johann Reuchlin who introduced him to the Hebrew language in Mainz. In 1514, he suffered a fall from his horse and injured his back.
Erasmus may have made several other short visits to England or English territory while living in Brabant. Happily for Erasmus, More and Tunstall were posted in Brussels or Antwerp on government missions around 1516, More for six months, Tunstall for longer. However, in 1517, his great friend Ammonio died in England of the Sweating Sickness.
Erasmus had accepted an honorary position as a Councillor to Charles V with an annuity of 200 guilders, and tutored his brother, the teenage future Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand of Hapsburg. At this time he wrote The Education of a Christian Prince (Institutio principis Christiani).
In 1517, he supported the foundation at the university of the Collegium Trilingue for the study of Hebrew, Latin, and Greek: s1.14.14 —after the model of Cisneros' College of the Three Languages at the University of Alcalá—financed by his late friend Hieronymus van Busleyden's will.
In 1520 he was present at the Field of the Cloth of Gold with Guillaume Budé, probably his last meetings with Thomas More and William Warham. His friends and former students and old correspondents were the incoming political elite, and he had risen with them.He stayed in various locations including Anderlecht (near Brussels) in the Summer of 1521.

 Basel 

From 1514, Erasmus regularly traveled to Basel to coordinate the printing of his books with Froben. He developed a lasting association with the great Basel publisher Johann Froben and later his son Hieronymus Froben (Eramus' godson) who together published over 200 works with Erasmus,  working with expert scholar-correcters who went on to illustrious careers. His initial interest in Froben's operation was aroused by his discovery of the printer's folio edition of the Adagiorum Chiliades tres (Adagia) (1513). Froben's work was notable for using the new Roman type (rather than blackletter) and Aldine-like Italic and Greek fonts, as well as elegant layouts using borders and fancy capitals;: 59  Hans Holbein (the Younger) cut several woodblock capitals for Erasmus' editions.
In 1521 he settled in Basel. He was weary of the controversies and hostility at Louvain, and feared being dragged further into the Lutheran controversy. He agreed to be the Froben press' literary superintendent writing dedications and prefaces for an annuity and profit share. Apart from Froben's production team, he had his own householdwith a formidable housekeeper, stable of horses, and up to eight boarders or paid servants: who acted as assistants, correcters, amanuenses, dining companions, international couriers, and carers. It was his habit to sit at times by a ground-floor window, to make it easier to see and be seen by strolling humanists for chatting.In collaboration with Froben and his team, the scope and ambition of Erasmus' Annotations, Erasmus' long-researched project of philological notes of the New Testament along the lines of Valla's Adnotations, had grown to also include a lightly-revised Latin Vulgate, then the Greek text, then several edifying essays on methodology, then a highly-revised Vulgate—all bundled as his Novum testamentum omne and pirated individually throughout Europe— then finally his amplified  Paraphrases.

In 1522, Erasmus' compatriot, former teacher (c. 1502) and friend from University of Louvain unexpectedly became Pope Adrian VI, after having served as Regent (and/or Grand Inquisitor) of Spain for six years. Like Erasmus and Luther, he had been influenced by the Brethren of the Common Life. He tried to entice Erasmus to Rome. His reforms of the Roman Curia which he hoped would meet the objections of many Lutherans were stymied (party because the Holy See was broke), though re-worked at the Council of Trent, and he died in 1523.As the popular and nationalist responses to Luther gathered momentum, the social disorders, which Erasmus dreaded and Luther disassociated himself from, began to appear, including the German Peasants' War (1524-1525), the Anabaptist insurrections in Germany and in the Low Countries, iconoclasm, and the radicalisation of peasants across Europe. If these were the outcomes of reform,Erasmus was thankful that he had kept out of it. Yet he was ever more bitterly accused of having started the whole "tragedy" (as Erasmus dubbed the matter).In 1523, he provided financial support to the impoverished and disgraced former Latin Secretary of Antwerp Cornelius Grapheus, on his release from the newly-introduced Inquisition.: 558  In 1525, a former student of Erasmus who had served at Erasmus' father's former church at Woerden, Jan de Bakker (Pistorius) was the first  priest to be executed as a heretic in the Netherlands. In 1529, his French translator and friend Louis de Berquin was burnt in Paris, following his condemnation as an anti-Rome heretic by the Sorbonne theologians.

 Freiburg 
Following iconoclastic rioting in 1529 lead by Œcolampadius his former assistant, the city of Basel definitely adopted the Reformation, and banned the Catholic mass on April 1, 1529. Erasmus left Basel on the 13 April 1529 and departed by ship to the Catholic university town of Freiburg im Breisgau to be under the protection of his former student, Archduke Ferdinand of Austria,: 210  staying for two years on the top floor of the Whale House, then buying and refurbishing a house of his own, where he took in scholar/assistants as table-boarders such as Damião de Góis, some of them fleeing persecution.
Despite increasing frailty  Erasmus continued to work productively, notably on a new magnum opus, his manual on preaching Ecclesiastes, and his small book on preparing for death.  His boarder for five months, the Portuguese scholar/diplomat Damião de Góis, worked on his lobbying on the plight of the Sámi in Sweden and the Ethopian church, and stimulated: 82  Erasmus' increasing awareness of foreign missions.There are no extant letters between More and Erasmus from the start of More's period as Chancellor until his resignation (1529-1523), almost to the day. Erasmus wrote several  important non-political works under the surprising patronage of Thomas Bolyn: his Ennaratio triplex in Psalmum XXII or Triple Commentary on Psalm 23 (1529);  his catechism to counter Luther Explanatio Symboli or A Playne and Godly Exposition or Declaration of the Commune Crede (1533) which sold out in three hours at the Frankfurt Book Fair, and Praeparatio ad mortem or Preparation for Death (1534) which would be one of Erasmus' most popular and most hijacked works.

 Fates of Friends 
In the 1530s, life became more dangerous for Spanish Erasmians when Erasmus' protector, the Inquisitor General Alonso Manrique de Lara fell out of favour with the royal court and lost power within his own organization to friar-theologians. In 1532 Erasmus' friend, conversos Juan de Vergara (Cisneros' Latin secretary who had worked on the Complutensian Polyglot and published Stunica's criticism of Erasmus,) was arrested by the Spanish Inquisition and had to be ransomed from them by the humanist Archbishop of Toledo Alonso III Fonseca, also a correspondent of Erasmus', who had previously rescued Ignatius of Loyola from them.: 80 There was a generational change in the Catholic hierarchy. In 1532 his beloved long-time mentor English Primate Warham died of old age. In 1534 his distrusted protector Clement IV died, his recent Italian ally Cardinal Cajetan died, and his old ally Cardinal Campeggio retired.
As more friends died (in 1533, his friend Pieter Gilles; in 1534, William Blount; in early 1536, Catherine of Aragon;) and as Luther and some Lutherans and some powerful Catholic theologians renewed their personal attacks on Erasmus, his letters are increasingly focused on concerns on the status of friendships and safety as he considered moving from bland Freiburg despite his health.In 1535, Erasmus' friends Thomas More and Bishop John Fisher were executed as pro-Rome traitors by Henry VIII, who Erasmus and More had first met as a boy. Despite illness Erasmus wrote the first biography of More (and Fisher), the short, anonymous "Expositio Fidelis, which Froben published, at the instigation of de Góis.After Erasmus' time, numerous of Erasmus' translators later met similar fates at the hands of Anglican, Catholic and Reformed sectarians and autocrats: including Margaret Pole, William Tyndale, Mary Tudor, Michael Servetus. Others, such as Charles V's Latin secretary Juan de Valdés, fled and died in self-exile.
Erasmus' friend Bishop Cuthbert Tunstall died in prison under Elizabeth I for refusing the Oath of Supremacy. His correspondent Bishop Stephen Gardiner, who Erasmus had known as a teenaged student in Paris and Cambridge, was later imprisoned in the Tower of London for five years under Edward VI for impeding Protestantism.  Damião de Góis was tried before the Portuguese Inquisition at age 72, detained almost incommunicado, finally exiled to a monastery, and on release perhaps murdered. His amanuensis Gilbert Cousin died in prison at age 66, shortly after being arrested on the personal order of Pope Pius V.

 Death in Basel 
When his strength began to fail, he finally decided to accept an invitation by Queen Mary of Hungary, Regent of the Netherlands (sister of his former student Archduke Ferdinand I and Emperor Charles V), to move from Freiburg to Brabant. In 1535,  he moved back to the Froben compound in Basel in preparation (Œcolampadius having died, and private practice of his religion now possible) and saw his last major works such as Ecclesiastes through publication, though he grew more frail. On July 12, 1536 he died at an attack of dysentery.He had remained loyal to Roman Catholicism, but biographers have disagreed whether to treat him as him as an insider or an outsider.He may not have received or had the opportunity to receive the last rites of the Catholic Church; the contemporary reports of his death do not mention whether he asked for a Catholic priest or not, if any were in Basel.His last words, as recorded by his friend and biographer Beatus Rhenanus, were apparently "Dear God" (Dutch: Lieve God). He was buried with great ceremony in the Basel Minster (the former cathedral). The Protestant city authorities remarkably allowed his funeral to be an ecumenical Catholic requiem mass.As his heir he instated Bonifacius Amerbach to give seed money to the poor and needy: he had received a dispensation to make a will rather than his wealth reverting to his order, the Chapter of Sion, and had pre-sold his personal library to Jan Łaski. One of the eventual recipients was the impoverished Protestant humanist Sebastian Castellio, who had fled from Geneva to Basel, who subsequently translated the Bible into Latin and French, and who worked for the repair of the breach and divide of Christianity in its Catholic, Anabaptist, and Protestant branches.

 Thought and views 
Erasmus had a distinctive manner of thinking, a Catholic historian suggests: one that is capacious in its perception, agile in its judgments, and unsettling in its irony with "a deep and abiding commitment to human flourishing"  "In all spheres, his outlook was essentially pastoral.": 225 Erasmus has been called a seminal rather than a consistent or systematic thinker, notably averse to over-extending from the specific to the general; who nevertheless should be taken very seriously as a pastoral and rhetorical theologian, with a philological and historical approach—rather than a metaphysical approach—to interpreting Scripture and interested in the literal and tropological senses.: 145  French theologian Louis Bouyer commented "Erasmus was to be one of those who can get no edification from exegesis where they suspect some misinterpretation."A theologian has written of "Erasmus’ preparedness completely to satisfy no-one but himself." He has been called moderate, judicious and constructive even when being critical or when mocking extremes.

 Pacifism 
Peace, peaceableness and peacemaking, in all spheres from the domestic to the religious to the political, were central distinctives of Erasmus' writing on Christian living and his mystical theology: "the sum and summary of our religion is peace and unanimity"  At the Nativity of Jesus "the angels sang not the glories of war, nor a song of triumph, but a hymn of peace.":
He (Christ) conquered by gentleness; He conquered by kindness; he conquered by truth itself
 
Erasmus was not an absolute Pacifist but promoted political Pacificism and religious Irenicism. Notable writings on irenicism include  de Concordia, On the War with the Turks, The Education of a Christian Prince, On Restoring the Concord of the Church, and The Complaint of Peace. Erasmus' ecclesiology of peacemaking held that the church authorities had a divine mandate to settle religious disputes, in an as non-excluding way as possible, including by the preferably-minimal development of doctrine.
In the latter, Lady Peace insists on peace as the crux of Christian life and for understanding Christ:

I give you my peace, I leave you my peace" (John 14:27). You hear what he leaves his people? Not horses, bodyguards, empire or riches – none of these. What then? He gives peace, leaves peace – peace with friends, peace with enemies.
A historian has called him "The 16th Century's Pioneer of Peace Education and a Culture of Peace".

 War 

Erasmus had experienced war as a child and was particularly concerned about wars between Christian kings, who should be brothers and not start wars; a theme in his book The Education of a Christian Prince.  His Adages included "War is sweet to those who have never tasted it." (Dulce bellum inexpertis from Pindar's Greek.)
He promoted and was present at the Field of Cloth of Gold, and his wide-ranging correspondence frequently related to issues of peacemaking. He saw a key role of the Church in peacemaking by arbitration, and the office of the Pope was necessary to reign in tyrannical princes and bishops.: 195 He questioned the practical usefulness and abuses of Just War theory, further limiting it to feasible defensive actions with popular support and that "war should never be undertaken unless, as a last resort, it cannot be avoided." In his Adages he discusses (common translation) "A disadvantageous peace is better than a just war", which owes to Cicero and John Colet's "Better an unjust peace than the justest war."
Erasmus was extremely critical of the warlike way of important European princes of his era, including some princes of the church. He described these princes as corrupt and greedy. Erasmus believed that these princes "collude in a game, of which the outcome is to exhaust and oppress the commonwealth".: s1.7.4  He spoke more freely about this matter in letters sent to his friends like Thomas More, Beatus Rhenanus and Adrianus Barlandus: a particular target of his criticisms was the Emperor Maximilian I, whom Erasmus blamed for allegedly preventing the Netherlands from signing a peace treaty with Guelders and other schemes to cause wars in order to extract money from his subjects.One of his approaches was to send, and publish, congratulatory and lionizing letters to princes who, though in a position of strength, negotiated peace with neighbours: such as to King Sigismund I the Old of Poland in 1527.: 75 

 Christian religious toleration 
He referred to his irenical disposition in the Preface to On Free Will as a secret inclination of nature that would make him even prefer the views of the Sceptics over intolerant assertions, though he sharply distinguished adiaphora from what was uncontentiously explicit in the New Testament or absolutely mandated by Church teaching. Concord demanded unity and assent: Erasmus was anti-sectarian as well as non-sectarian. To follow the law of love, our intellects must be humble and friendly when making any assertions: he called contention "earthly, beastly, demonic": 739  and a good-enough reason to reject a teacher or their followers. In Melancthon's view, Erasmus taught charity not faith.: 10 Certain works of Erasmus laid a foundation for religious toleration of private opinions and ecumenism. For example, in De libero arbitrio, opposing certain views of Martin Luther, Erasmus noted that religious disputants should be temperate in their language, "because in this way the truth, which is often lost amidst too much wrangling may be more surely perceived." Gary Remer writes, "Like Cicero, Erasmus concludes that truth is furthered by a more harmonious relationship between interlocutors."Erasmus' pacificism included a particular dislike for sedition, which caused warfare:

It was the duty of the leaders of this (reforming) movement, if Christ was their goal, to refrain not only from vice, but even from every appearance of evil; and to offer not the slightest stumbling block to the Gospel, studiously avoiding even practices which, although allowed, are yet not expedient. Above all they should have guarded against all sedition.
Erasmus had been involved in early attempts to protect Luther and his sympathisers from charges of heresy. Erasmus wrote Inquisitio de fide to limit what should be considered heresy to fractiously agitating against essential doctrines (e.g., those of the Creed), with malice and persistence. As with St Theodore the Studite,  Erasmus was against the death penalty merely for private or peaceable heresy, or for dissent on non-essentials: "It is better to cure a sick man than to kill him." The Church has the duty to protect believers and convert or heal heretics; he invoked Jesus' parable of the wheat and tares.: 200 Nevertheless, he allowed the death penalty against violent seditionists, to prevent bloodshed and war: he allowed that the state has the right to execute those who are a necessary danger to public order—whether heretic or orthodox—but noted (e.g., to fr:Noël Béda) that Augustine had been against the execution of even violent Donatists: Johannes Trapman states that Erasmus' endorsement of suppression of the Anabaptists springs from their refusal to heed magistrates and the criminal violence of the Münster rebellion not because of their heretical views on baptism. Despite these concessions to state power, he suggested that religious persecution could still be challenged as inexpedient (ineffective).In a letter to Cardial Lorenzo Campeggio, Erasmus lobbied diplomatically for toleration: "If the sects could be tolerated under certain conditions (as the Bohemians pretend), it would, I admit, be a grievous misfortune, but one more endurable than war."

 Jews and Turks 
While the focus of most of his writing was about peace within Christendom with a sole focus on Europe until his last decade, he was involved in the public policy debate on war with the Ottoman Empire, which was then invading Western Europe, notably in his book On the war against the Turks (1530), with Pope Leo X promoting going on the offensive with a new crusade.
In common with his times, Erasmus regarded the Jewish and Islamic religions as Christian heresies rather than separate religions, using the inclusive term half-Christian for the latter. However, there is a wide range of scholarly opinion on the extent and nature of antisemitic and anti-Moslem prejudice in his writings: Erasmus scholar Shimon Markish wrote that the charge of antisemitism could not be sustained in Erasmus' public writings, however historian Nathan Ron has found his writing to be harsh and racial in its implications, with contempt and hostility to Islam. Biographer James Tracy sees an anti-semitic edge in Erasmus' comments against Johannes Pfefferkorn in the Ruechlin affair, which expresses Erasmus' general "suspicion of those who, behind the scenes, manipulate influence and opinion for nefarious ends."Erasmus was not vehemently antisemitic in the way of the later post-Catholic Martin Luther; it was not a topic or theme of his public writing. Erasmus claimed not to be personally xenophobic: "For I am of such a nature that I could love even a Jew, were he a pleasant companion and did not spew out blasphemy against Christ" however Markish suggests that it is  probable Erasmus never actually encountered a (practicing) Jew.Unusually for a Christian theologian of any time, he perceived and championed strong Hellenistic rather than exclusively Hebraic influences on the intellectual milieux of Jesus, Paul and the early church.

 Interpretation caveats: analogy, irony, foils 
The picture is complicated because when Erasmus wrote of Judaism, he frequently was not referring to contemporary Jews but, by analogy with Second Temple Judaism, to Christians of his time who mistakenly promoted external ritualism over interior piety,  notably in the monastic lifestyle. Erasmus' pervasive anti-ceremonialism treated the early Church debates on circumcision, food and special days as manifestations of cultural chauvinism by the initial Jewish Christians, a general human characteristic.
Erasmus often wrote in a highly ironical idiom, especially in his letters,  which makes them prone to different interpretations when taken literally rather than ironically. Erasmus chided Ulrich von Hutten's claims that Erasmus was a Lutheran, saying that von Hutten had not detected the irony in Erasmus' public letters enough.: 27 
Terence J. Martin identifies an "Erasmian pattern" that the supposed (by the reader) otherness (of Jews, Turks, Lapplanders, Indians, and even women and heretics) "provides a foil against which the failures of Christian culture can be exposed and criticized."  Erasmus wrote: we should "kill the 'Turk' (in us), not the man."On the subject of slavery, Erasmus characteristically treated it in passing when dealing with tyranny: Christians were not allowed to be tyrants, which slave-owning required, but especially not to be the masters of other Christians. Erasmus had various other piecemeal arguments against slavery: for example, that it was not legitimate to have slaves taken in an unjust war, but it was not a subject that occupied him.

 Domestic and community peace 

Erasmus' emphasis on peacemaking reflects a typical pre-occupation of medieval lay spirituality as historian John Bossy (as summarized by Eamon Duffy) puts it: "medieval Christianity had been fundamentally concerned with the creation and maintenance of peace in a violent world. “Christianity” in medieval Europe denoted neither an ideology nor an institution, but a community of believers whose religious ideal—constantly aspired to if seldom attained—was peace and mutual love."In marriage, Erasmus' two significant innovations, according to historian Nathan Ron, were that "matrimony can and should be a joyous bond, and that this goal can be achieved by a relationship between spouses based on mutuality, conversation, and persuasion.": 4:43 

 Religious reform 
Erasmus expressed much of his reform program in terms of the proper attitude towards the sacraments, and their ramifications: notably for the underappreciated sacraments of Baptism and Marriage (see On the Institution of Christian Marriage) considered as vocations more than events; and for the mysterious Eucharist, pragmatic Confession, the dangerous Last Rites (writing On the Preparation for Death), and the pastoral Holy Orders (see Ecclesiastes.)  Historians have noted that Erasmus commended the benefits of immersive, docile scripture-reading in sacramental terms.

 Anti-fraternalism 
Reacting from his own experiences, Erasmus believed that monastic life and institutions no longer served the positive spiritual or social purpose they once may have: in the Enchiridion he controversially put it "Monkishness is not piety." Better to live as "a monk in the world" than in the monastery.
Many of his works contain diatribes against supposed monastic corruption, and particularly against the mendicant friars (Franciscans and Dominicans): these orders also typically ran the university Scholastic theology programs and from whose ranks came his most dangerous enemies. He was scandalized by superstitions, such as that if you were buried in a Franciscan habit you would go direct to heaven, crime and child novices. He advocated various reforms, including a ban on taking orders until the 30th year, the closure of corrupt and smaller monasteries, respect for bishops, requiring work not begging (reflecting the practice of his own order of Augustinian Canons,) the downplaying of monastic hours, fasts and ceremonies, and a less mendacious approach to gullible pilgrims and tenants.
However, he was not in favour of speedy closures: in his account of his pilgrimage to Walsingham, he noted that the funds extracted from pilgrims typically supported houses for the poor and elderly.
These ideas widely influenced his generation of humanists, both Catholic and Protestant,: 152  and the lurid hyperbolic attacks of his half-satire The Praise of Folly were later treated by Protestants as objective reports of near-universal corruption. Furthermore, "what is said over a glass of wine, ought not to be remembered and written down as a serious statement of belief," such as his proposal to marry all monks to all nuns or to send them all away to fight the Turks and colonize new islands.He believed the only vow necessary for Christians should be the vow of Baptism, and others such as the vows of the evangelical counsels, while admirable in intent and content, were now mainly counter-productive.

 Catholic reform 
The Protestant Reformation began in the year following the publication of his pathbreaking edition of the New Testament in Latin and Greek (1516). The issues between the reforming and reactionary tendencies of the church, from which Protestantism later emerged, had become so clear that many intellectuals and churchmen could not escape the summons to join the debate.
According to historian C. Scott Dixon, Erasmus' not only criticized church failings but questioned many of his Church's basic teachings; however, according to biographer Erika Rummel, "Erasmus was aiming at the correction of abuses rather than at doctrinal innovation or institutional change."In theologian Louis Bouyer's interpretation Erasmus' agenda was "to reform the Church from within by a renewal of biblical theology, based on philological study of the New Testament text, and supported by a knowledge of patristics, itself renewed by the same methods. The final object of it all was to nourish...chiefly moral and spiritual reform..."Erasmus, at the height of his literary fame, was called upon to take one side, but partisanship was foreign to his nature and his habits. Despite all his criticism of clerical corruption and abuses within the Western Church, especially at first he sided unambiguously with neither Luther nor the anti-Lutherans publicly (though in private he lobbied assiduously against extremism from both parties), but eventually shunned the breakaway Protestant Reformation movements along with their most radical offshoots.
"I have constantly declared, in countless letters, booklets, and personal
statements, that I do not want to be involved with either party." 
The world had laughed at his satire, The Praise of Folly, but few had interfered with his activities. He believed that his work so far had commended itself to the best minds and also to the dominant powers in the religious world. Erasmus  chose to write in Latin (and Greek), the languages of scholars. He did not build a large body of supporters in the unlettered; his critiques reached a small but elite audience.

 Disagreement with Luther 
Erasmus and Luther impacted each other greatly. Each had misgivings about each other from the beginning (Erasmus on Luther's rash and antagonistic character, Luther on Erasmus' focus on morality rather than grace) but strategically agreed not to be negative about the other in public.
The early reformers built their theology by generalizing Erasmus' philological analyses of specific verses in the New Testament: repentance over penance (the basis of the first thesis of the Luther's 95 Theses), justification by imputation, grace as favour or clemency, faith as hoping trust, human transformation over reformation, congregation over church, mystery over sacrament, etc. In Erasmus' view, they went too far and irresponsibly fomented bloodshed.
Noting Luther's criticism of corruption in the Church, Erasmus at one time described him as "a mighty trumpet of gospel truth" while agreeing, "It is clear that many of the reforms for which Luther calls" (e.g., the sale of indulgences) "are urgently needed." Behind the scenes Erasmus forbade his publisher Froben from handling the works of Luther: 64  and tried to keep the reform movement focused on institutional rather than theological issues, yet he also privately wrote to authorities to prevent Luther's persecution. In the words of one historian, "at this earlier period he was more concerned with the fate of Luther than his theology."Luther hoped for his cooperation in a work which seemed only the natural outcome of Erasmus' own, and spoke with admiration of Erasmus's superior learning. In their early correspondence, Luther expressed boundless admiration for all Erasmus had done in the cause of a sound and reasonable Christianity and urged him to join the Lutheran party. Erasmus declined to commit himself, arguing his usual "small target" excuse, that to do so would endanger the cause of Latin: bonae litterae  which he regarded as one of his purposes in life. Only as an independent scholar could he hope to influence the reform of religion. When Erasmus declined to support him, the straightforward Luther became angered that Erasmus was avoiding the responsibility due either to cowardice or a lack of purpose.
However, any hesitancy on the part of Erasmus may have stemmed, not from lack of courage or conviction, but rather from a concern over the mounting disorder and violence of the reform movement. To Philip Melanchthon in 1524 he wrote:

I know nothing of your church; at the very least it contains people who will, I fear, overturn the whole system and drive the princes into using force to restrain good men and bad alike. The gospel, the word of God, faith, Christ, and Holy Spirit – these words are always on their lips; look at their lives and they speak quite another language.
Though he sought to remain firmly neutral in doctrinal disputes, each side accused him of siding with the other, perhaps because of his perceived influence and what they regarded as his dissembling neutrality, which he regarded as peacemaking accommodation:

I detest dissension because it goes both against the teachings of Christ and against a secret inclination of nature. I doubt that either side in the dispute can be suppressed without grave loss.

 Dispute on free will 

By 1523, and first suggested in a letter from Henry VIII, Erasmus had been convinced that Luther's ideas on necessity/free will were a subject of core disagreement deserving a public airing, and strategized with friends and correspondents on how to respond with proper moderation without making the situation worse for all, especially for the humanist reform agenda. He eventually chose a campaign that involved an irenical 'dialogue' "The Inquisition of Faith",  a positive, evangelical model sermon "On the Measureless Mercy of God", and a gently critical 'diatribe' "On Free Will."
The publication of his brief book On Free Will initiated what has been called "The greatest debate of that era"  which still has ramifications today. They bypassed discussion on reforms which they both agreed on in general, and instead dealt with authority and biblical justifications of synergism versus monergism in relation to salvation.
Luther responded with On the Bondage of the Will (De servo arbitrio) (1525).
Erasmus replied to this in his lengthy two volume Hyperaspistes and other works, which Luther ignored. Apart from the perceived moral failings among followers of the Reformers—an important sign for Erasmus—he also dreaded any change in doctrine, citing the long history of the Church as a bulwark against innovation. He put the matter bluntly to Luther:

We are dealing with this: Would a stable mind depart from the opinion handed down by so many men famous for holiness and miracles, depart from the decisions of the Church, and commit our souls to the faith of someone like you who has sprung up just now with a few followers, although the leading men of your flock do not agree either with you or among themselves – indeed though you do not even agree with yourself, since in this same Assertion you say one thing in the beginning and something else later on, recanting what you said before.
Continuing his chastisement of Luther – and undoubtedly put off by the notion of there being "no pure interpretation of Scripture anywhere but in Wittenberg" – Erasmus touches upon another important point of the controversy:

You stipulate that we should not ask for or accept anything but Holy Scripture, but you do it in such a way as to require that we permit you to be its sole interpreter, renouncing all others. Thus the victory will be yours if we allow you to be not the steward but the lord of Holy Scripture.

 "False evangelicals" 
In 1529, Erasmus wrote "An epistle against those who falsely boast they are Evangelicals" to Vulturius Neocomus (Gerardus Geldenhouwer).

You declaim bitterly against the luxury of priests, the ambition of bishops, the tyranny of the Roman Pontiff, and the babbling of the sophists; against our prayers, fasts, and Masses; and you are not content to retrench the abuses that may be in these things, but must needs abolish them entirely. ...
Here Erasmus complains of the doctrines and morals of the Reformers, applying the same critique he had made about public Scholastic disputations:

Look around on this 'Evangelical' generation, and observe whether amongst them less indulgence is given to luxury, lust, or avarice, than amongst those whom you so detest. Show me any one person who by that Gospel has been reclaimed from drunkenness to sobriety, from fury and passion to meekness, from avarice to liberality, from reviling to well-speaking, from wantonness to modesty. I will show you a great many who have become worse through following it. ...The solemn prayers of the Church are abolished, but now there are very many who never pray at all. ...I have never entered their conventicles, but I have sometimes seen them returning from their sermons, the countenances of all of them displaying rage, and wonderful ferocity, as though they were animated by the evil spirit. ...Who ever beheld in their meetings any one of them shedding tears, smiting his breast, or grieving for his sins? ...Confession to the priest is abolished, but very few now confess to God. ...They have fled from Judaism that they may become Epicureans.

 Sacraments 
A test of the Reformation was the doctrine of the sacraments, and the crux of this question was the observance of the Eucharist. Erasmus was concerned that the sacramentarians, headed by Œcolampadius of Basel, were claiming Erasmus held views similar to their own in order to try to claim him for their schismatic and "erroneous" movement. In 1530, Erasmus published a new edition of the orthodox treatise of Algerus against the heretic Berengar of Tours in the eleventh century. He added a dedication, affirming his belief in the reality of the Body of Christ after consecration in the Eucharist, commonly referred to as transubstantiation. 

 Other 
Erasmus wrote books against aspects of the teaching, impacts or threats of several other Reformers:
Ulrich von Hutten Spongia adversus aspergines Hutteni (1523) see below
Martin Bucer Responsio ad fratres Inferioris Germaniae ad epistolam apologeticam incerto autoreproditam (1530)
Heinrich Eppendorf Admonitio adversus mendacium et obstrectationem (1530)However, Erasmus maintained friendly relations with other Protestants, notably the irenic Melancthon and Albrecht Duerer.
A common accusation, supposedly started by antagonistic monk-theologians, made Erasmus responsible for Martin Luther and the Reformation: "Erasmus laid the egg, and Luther hatched it." Erasmus wittily dismissed the charge, claiming that Luther had "hatched a different bird entirely." Erasmus-reader Peter Canisius commented: "Certainly there was no lack of eggs for Luther to hatch."

 Philosophy and Erasmus 
Erasmus has a problematic standing in the history of philosophy: whether he should be called a philosopher at all, (as, indeed, some question whether he should be considered a theologian either.: 205 )  Erasmus deemed himself to be a rhetorician or grammarian rather than a philosopher.: 66  He was particularly influenced by satirist and rhetorician Lucian.  Erasmus' writings shifted "an intellectual culture from logical disputation about things to quarrels about texts, contexts, and words."

 Philosophia Christi 
(Not to be confused with his Italian contemporary Chrysostom Javelli's Philosophia Christiana.)
Erasmus approached classical philosophers theologically and rhetorically: their value was in how they pre-saged, explained or amplified the unique teachings of Christ (particularly the Sermon on the Mount: 117 ): the philosophia Christi.  "A great part of the teaching of Christ is to be found in some of the philosophers, particularly Socrates, Diogenes and Epictetus. But Christ taught it much more fully, and exemplified it better..." (Paraclesis) In fact, Christ was "the very father of philosophy" (Anti-Barbieri.)In works such as his Enchiridion, The Education of a Christian Prince and the Colloquies, Erasmus developed his idea of the philosophia Christi, a life lived according to the teachings of Jesus taken as a (spiritual-ethical-social-political-legal) philosophy:
Christ the heavenly teacher has founded a new people on earth,…Having eyes without guile, these folk know no spite or envy; having freely castrated themselves, and aiming at a life of angels while in the flesh, they know no unchaste lust; they know not divorce, since there is no evil they will not endure or turn to the good; they have not the use of oaths, since they neither distrust nor deceive anyone; they know not the hunger for money, since their treasure is in heaven, nor do they itch for empty glory, since they refer all things to the glory of Christ.…these are the new teachings of our founder, such as no school of philosophy has ever brought forth.
In philosopher Étienne Gilson's summary: "the quite precise goal he pursues is to reject Greek philosophy outside of Christianity, into which the Middle Ages introduced Greek philosophy with the risk of corrupting this Christian Wisdom."Useful "philosophy" needed to be limited to (or re-defined as) the practical and moral: 

You must realize that 'philosopher' does not mean someone who is clever at dialectics or science but someone who rejects illusory appearance and undauntedly seeks out and follows what is true and good. Being a philosopher is in practice the same as being a Christian; only the terminology is different."

 Classical 
Erasmus syncretistically took phrases, ideas and motifs from many classical philosophers to furnish discussions of Christian themes: academics have identified aspects of his thought as variously Platonist (duality), Cynical (asceticism), Stoic (adiaphora), Epicurean (ataraxia,  pleasure as virtue), realist/non-voluntarist,
and Isocratic (rhetoric, political education, syncretism.): 19  However, his Christianized version of Epicureanism is regarded as his own.Erasmus was sympathetic to a kind of Scepticism:
 A Sceptic is not someone who doesn't care to know what is true or false…but rather someone who does not make a final decision easily or fight to the death for his own opinion, but rather accepts as probable what someone else accepts as certain…I explicitly exclude from Scepticism whatever is set forth in Sacred Scripture or whatever has been handed down to us by the authority of the Church.  
He eschewed metaphysical, epistemological and logical philosophy as found in Aristotle, in particular the curriculum and systematic methods of the post-Aquinas Schoolmen (Scholastics)  and their dry, useless Aristoteleanism: "What has Aristotle to do with Christ?" We should avoid philosophical factionalism and so "make the whole world Christian.": 851  Indeed, Erasmus thought that Scholastic philosophy actually distracted participants from their proper focus on immediate morality, unless used moderately. And, by "excluding the Platonists from their commentaries, they strangle the beauty of revelation."Erasmus wrote in terms of a tri-partite nature of man, with the soul the seat of free will:

The body is purely material; the spirit is purely divine; the soul…is tossed back and forwards between the two according to whether it resists or gives way to the temptations of the flesh. The spirit makes us gods; the body makes us beasts; the soul makes us men.
According to theologian George van Kooten, Erasmus was the first modern scholar "to note the similarities between Plato's Symposium and John's Gospel", first in the Enchiridion then in the Adagia, pre-dating other scholarly interest by 400 years.

 Theology of Erasmus 
Three key distinctive features of Erasmus' theology are accomodation, inverbation, and scopus christi.  (Scopus is the unifying reference point, the navigation goal, or the organizing principle of topics.)

 Accommodation 
Historian Manfred Hoffmann has described accommodation as "the single most important concept in Erasmus' hermeneutic."  For Erasmus, accommodation is a universal concept: humans must accommodate each other, we must accommodate the church and vice versa, and we must take as our model how Christ accommodated the disciples in his interactions with them, and accommodated humans in his incarnation, which in turn merely reflects the eternal mutual accommodation within the Trinity.  And the primary mechanism of accommodation is language, which mediates between reality and abstraction, which allows disputes of all kinds to be resolved and the gospel to be transmitted: in his New Testament, Erasmus notably translated the Greek logos in John 1:1 "In the beginning was the Word" using Latin sermo (discourse, conversation, language) not verbum (word) emphasizing the dynamic and interpersonal communication rather than static principle: more like "In the beginning was Speech".In this light, Erasmus' ability to have friendly correspondence with both Thomas More and Thomas Bolyn, and with both Philip Melancthon and Pope Adrian VI, can be seen as outworkings of his theology, rather than slippery insincerity or flattery of potential patrons. Similarly, it show the theological basis of his pacificism, and his view of ecclesiastical authorities—from priests like himself to Church Councils—as necessary mediating peace-brokers.

 Inverbation 
Further to accommodating humans in his Incarnation, Christ accommodated us by inverbation: being captured in the Gospels in a way that we can know him better by reading him (in the awareness of the resurrection) than those who actually heard him speak; this will or may transform us.Since the Gospels become, in effect, like sacraments,  reading them becomes a form of prayer which is spoiled by taking single sentences in isolation and using them as syllogisms. Instead, learning to understand the genres and literary expression in the New Testament becomes a spiritual exercise. Erasmus' has been called rhetorical theology (theologia rhetorica.): 32 

 Scopus christi 
In Hoffmann's words, for Erasmus "Christ is the scopus of everything": "the focus in which both dimensions of reality, the human and the divine, intersect" and so he himself is the hermeneutical principle of scripture": "the middle is the medium, the medium is the mediator, the mediator is the reconciler.": 9  In Erasmus' early Enchiridion he had given this scopus in typical medieval terms of an ascent of being to God (vertical), but from the mid 1510s life he moved to an analogy of Copernican planetary circling around Christ the centre (hoizontal) or Columbian navigation towards a destination.: 135 One effect is that scriptural interpretation must be done starting with the teachings and interactions of Jesus in the Gospels, with the Sermon on the Mount serving as the starting point, and arguably with the Beatitudes and the Lord's Prayer at the head of the queue. This privileges peacemaking, mercy, meekness, purity of heart, hungering after righteousness, poverty of spirit, etc. as the unassailable core of Christianity and piety and true theology.
The Sermon on the Mount provides the axioms on which every legitimate theology must be built; Erasmus' philosophia christi treats the primary and initial teaching of Jesus in the first Gospel as a theological methodology.So, for example, "peacemaking" is a possible topic for Christian theology; but, from the Beatitude, it must be a starting-, reference- and ending-point when discussing any other theological notions, such as church authority, the Trinity, etc.  Moreover, Christian theology must only be done in a peacemaking fashion for peacemaking purposes. 

 Mystical Theology 
Another important concept to Erasmus was "the Folly of the Cross": 119  (which The Praise of Folly explored): the view that Truth belongs to the exuberant, perhaps ecstatic,: 140  world of what is foolish, strange and unexpected to us, rather than to the cold worlds which intricate scholastic dialectical and  syllogistic philosophical argument generate; this produced in Erasmus a profound disinterest in hyper-rationality, and an emphasis on verbal, rhetorical, mystical, pastoral and personal/political moral concerns instead.

 Theological Writings 
We may distinguish four different lines of work, parallel with each other, and complementary. First, the establishing and critical elucidation of the biblical texts; alongside it, the editions of the great patristic commentators; then, the exegetical works properly so called, in which these two fundamental researches yield their fruit; and finally, the methodological works, which in their first state constitute a sort of preface to the various other studies, but which—in return—were nourished and enlarged by them as they went along.

 Notable writings 
Erasmus wrote for educated audiences on both Christian subjects and those of general human interest. By the 1530s, the writings of Erasmus accounted for 10 to 20 percent of all book sales in Europe. "Undoubtedly he was the most read author of his age.": 608 He usually wrote books in particular classical literary genres with their different rhetorical conventions: complaint, diatribe, dialogue, encomium, epistle, commentary, liturgy, sermon, etc.   His letter to Ulrich von Hutten on Thomas More's household has been called "the first real biography in the real modern sense."His writing method (recommended in De copia and De ratio studii) was to make notes on whatever he was reading, categorized by theme: he carted these commonplaces in boxes that accompanied him. When assembling a new book, he would go through the topics and cross out commonplace notes as he used them. This catalog of research notes allowed him to rapidly create books, though woven from the same topics. Towards the end of his life, as he lost dexterity, he employed secretaries or amanuenses who performed the assembly or transcription, re-wrote his writing, and in his last decade, recorded his dictation; letters were usually in his own hand, unless formal.

 Adages (1500-1520) 

With the collaboration of Publio Fausto Andrelini, he made a collection of Latin proverbs and adages, commonly known as the Adagia. It includes the adage "In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king." He coined the adage "Pandora's box", arising through an error in his translation of Hesiod's Pandora in which he confused pithos (storage jar) with pyxis (box).Examples of Adages are: more haste, less speed; a dung beetle hunting an eagle.
Erasmus later spent nine months in Venice at the Aldine Press expanding the Adagia to over three thousand entries; in the course of 27 editions, it expanded to over four thousand entries in Basel at the Froben press.  It "introduced a fairly wide audience to the actual words and thoughts of the ancients.": 81 

 Handbook of the Christian Soldier (1501) 

His more serious writings begin early with the Enchiridion militis Christiani, the "Handbook of the Christian Soldier" (1501 and re-issued in 1518 with an expanded preface – translated into English in 1533 by the young William Tyndale). (A more literal translation of enchiridion – "dagger" – has been likened to "the spiritual equivalent of the modern Swiss Army knife.") In this short work, Erasmus outlines the views of the normal Christian life, which he was to spend the rest of his days elaborating. 
He has been described as "evangelical in his beliefs and pietistic in his practise.": 82 

 The Praise of Folly (1511) 

Erasmus's best-known work is The Praise of Folly, written in 1509, published in 1511 under the double title Moriae encomium (Greek, Latinised) and Laus stultitiae (Latin). It is inspired by De triumpho stultitiae written by Italian humanist Faustino Perisauli. A satirical attack on superstitions and other traditions of European society in general and in the Western Church in particular, it was dedicated to Sir Thomas More, whose name the title puns.

 de Copia (1512) 

De Copia (or Foundations of the Abundant Style or On Copiousness) is a textbook designed to teach aspects of classical rhetoric: having a large supply of words, phrases and grammatical forms is a gateway to formulating and expressing thoughts, especially for "forensic oratory", with mastery and freshness.  Perhaps as a joke, its full title is "The twofold
copia of words and arguments in a double commentary" (Latin: De duplici copia verborum ac rerum commentarii duo).: 118, 119 
It was "the most often printed rhetoric textbook written in the renaissance, with 168 editions between 1512 and 1580."The first part of the book is about verborum (words). It famously includes 147 variations on "Your letter
pleased me very much", and 203 variations on "Always, as long as I live, I shall remember you.": 119 The second part of the book is about rerum (arguments) to learn critical thinking and advocacy. Erasmus advised students to practice the rhetorical techniques of copiousness by writing letters to each other arguing both side of an issue (Latin: in utramque
parte).

 Opuscula plutarchi (1514), and Apophthegmatum opus (1531) 
In a similar vein to the Adages was his translation of Plutarch's Moralia:  parts were published from 1512 onwards and collected as the Opuscula plutarchi (c1514).
This was the basis of 1531's Apophthegmatum opus (Apophthegms), which ultimately contained over 3,000 aphophthegms: "certainly the fullest and most influential Renaissance collection of Cynic sayings and anecdotes", particular of Diogenes (from Diogenes Laertius.)
One of these was published independently, as How to tell a Flatterer from a Friend, dedicated to England's Henry VIII.

 Julius exclusus e coelis (1514) attrib. 

Julius excluded from Heaven is a biting satire usually attributed to Erasmus perhaps for private circulation, though he publicly denied writing it, calling its author a fool. The recently deceased Pope Julius arrives at the gates of heaven in his armour with his dead army, demanding from St Peter to be let in based on his glory and exploits. St Peter turns him away.

 Sileni Alcibiadis (1515) 
Erasmus's Sileni Alcibiadis is one of his most direct assessments of the need for Church reform.: 105  It started as a small entry in the 1508 Adagia citing Plato's Symposium and expanded to several hundred sentences. Johann Froben published it first within a revised edition of the Adagia in 1515, then as a stand-alone work in 1517.
Sileni is the plural (Latin) form of Silenus, a creature often related to the Roman wine god Bacchus and represented in pictorial art as inebriated, merry revellers, variously mounted on donkeys, singing, dancing, playing flutes, etc. 
In particular, the Sileni that Erasmus referred to were small, coarse, ugly or distasteful carved figures which opened up to reveal a beautiful deity or valuables inside.Alcibiades was a Greek politician in the 5th century BCE and a general in the Peloponnesian War; he figures here more as a character written into some of Plato's dialogues – an externally-attractive, young, debauched playboy whom Socrates tries to convince to seek truth instead of pleasure, wisdom instead of pomp and splendor.The term Sileni – especially when juxtaposed with the character of Alcibiades – can therefore be understood as an evocation of the notion that something on the inside is more expressive of a person's character than what one sees on the outside. For instance, something or someone ugly on the outside can be beautiful on the inside, which is one of the main points of Plato's dialogues featuring Alcibiades and in the Symposium, in which Alcibiades also appears.On the other hand, Erasmus lists several Sileni and then controversially questions whether Christ is the most noticeable Silenus of them all. The Apostles were Sileni since they were ridiculed by others. The scriptures are a Silenus too.: 105 The work then launches into a biting endorsement of the need for high church officials (especially the Pope) to follow the evangelical counsel of poverty (simplicity): this condemnation of wealth and power was a full two years before the notional start of the Reformation; the church must be able to act as a moderating influence on the ambition and selfishness of princes.

 The Education of a Christian Prince (1516) 

The Institutio principis Christiani  or "Education of a Christian Prince" (Basel, 1516) was written as advice to the young king Charles of Spain (later Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor), to whom the Preface is addressed.  Erasmus applies the general principles of honor and sincerity to the special functions of the Prince, whom he represents throughout as the servant of the people.

 Latin and Greek New Testaments 

Erasmus produced this first edition of his corrected Latin and Greek New Testament in 1516, in Basel at the print of Johann Froben, and took it through multiple revisions and editions. An integral and motivating part was the substantial philological annotations. Erasmus independently brought out Paraphrases of the books of the New Testament, suited for a less academic readership.
Erasmus had, for his time, relatively little interest in the Old Testament, apart from the Psalms. Similarly, he was relatively disinterested in the Book of Revelation, which he did not produce a paraphrase for, and he provocatively reported the doubts in the early Greek church about its status in the canon: Erasmus had none of the apocalypticism of his times which so animated Savonarolan and Protestant rhetoric: only one percent of his Annotations on the New Testament concerned the Book of Revelation.

 New Latin translation 
Erasmus had been working for years on two related projects to help theologians: philological notes on the Latin and Greek texts and a fresh Latin New Testament.  He examined all the Latin versions he could find to create a critical text. Then he polished the language. He declared, "It is only fair that Paul should address the Romans in somewhat better Latin." In the earlier phases of the project, he never mentioned a Greek text.
While his intentions for publishing a fresh Latin translation are clear, it is less clear why he included the Greek text. Though some speculate that he long intended to produce a critical Greek text or that he wanted to beat the Complutensian Polyglot into print, there is no evidence to support this. He wrote, "There remains the New Testament translated by me, with the Greek facing, and notes on it by me." He further demonstrated the reason for the inclusion of the Greek text when defending his work:

But one thing the facts cry out, and it can be clear, as they say, even to a blind man, that often through the translator's clumsiness or inattention the Greek has been wrongly rendered; often the true and genuine reading has been corrupted by ignorant scribes, which we see happen every day, or altered by scribes who are half-taught and half-asleep.
So he included the Greek text to permit qualified readers to verify the quality of his Latin version. But by first calling the final product Novum Instrumentum omne ("All of the New Teaching") and later Novum Testamentum omne ("All of the New Testament") he also indicated clearly that he considered a text in which the Greek and the Latin versions were consistently comparable to be the essential core of the church's New Testament tradition.

 Publication and editions 
Erasmus said the printing: 105  of the first edition was "precipitated rather than published", resulting in a number of transcription errors. After comparing what writings he could find, Erasmus wrote corrections between the lines of the manuscripts he was using (among which was Minuscule 2) and sent them as proofs to Froben.  His access to Greek manuscripts was limited compared to modern scholars and he had to rely on Jerome's late-4th century Vulgate to fill in the blanks.His effort was hurriedly published by his friend Johann Froben of Basel in 1516 and thence became the first published Greek New Testament, the Novum Instrumentum omne, diligenter ab Erasmo Rot. Recognitum et Emendatum. Erasmus used several Greek manuscript sources because he did not have access to a single complete manuscript. Most of the manuscripts were, however, late Greek manuscripts of the Byzantine textual family and Erasmus used the oldest manuscript the least because "he was afraid of its supposedly erratic text." He also ignored some manuscripts that were at his disposal which are now deemed older and better.In the second (1519) edition, the more familiar term Testamentum was used instead of Instrumentum. Together, the first and second editions sold 3,300 copies. By comparison, only 600 copies of the Complutensian Polyglot were ever printed. This edition was used by Martin Luther in his German translation of the Bible, written for people who could not understand Latin. The first and second edition texts did not include the passage (1 John 5:7–8) that has become known as the Comma Johanneum. Erasmus had been unable to find those verses in any Greek manuscript, but one was supplied to him during production of the third edition. The third edition of 1522 was probably used by William Tyndale for the first English New Testament (Worms, 1526) and was the basis for the 1550 Robert Stephanus edition used by the translators of the Geneva Bible and King James Version of the English Bible. Erasmus published a fourth edition in 1527 containing parallel columns of Greek, Latin Vulgate and Erasmus's Latin texts. In this edition Erasmus also supplied the Greek text of the last six verses of Revelation (which he had translated from Latin back into Greek in his first edition) from Cardinal Ximenez de Cisneros's Biblia Complutensis. In 1535 Erasmus published the fifth (and final) edition which dropped the Latin Vulgate column but was otherwise similar to the fourth edition. Later versions of the Greek New Testament by others, but based on Erasmus's Greek New Testament, became known as the Textus Receptus.Erasmus dedicated his work to Pope Leo X as a patron of learning and regarded this work as his chief service to the cause of Christianity. Immediately afterwards, he began the publication of his Paraphrases of the New Testament, a popular presentation of the contents of the several books. These, like all of his writings, were published in Latin but were quickly translated into other languages with his encouragement.

 The Complaint of Peace (1517) 

Lady Peace complains about warmongering. This book was written at the request of the Burgundian Chancellor, who was then seeking a peace deal with France, to influence the zeitgeist.On the use of battle standards featuring crosses:
That cross is the standard of him who conquered, not by fighting, but by dying; who came, not to destroy men's lives, but to save them. It is a standard, the very sight of which might teach you what sort of enemies you have to war against, if you are a christian, and how you may be sure to gain the victory.
I see you, while the standard of salvation is in one hand, rushing on with a sword in the other, to the murder of your brother; and, under the banner of the cross, destroying the life of one who to the cross owes his salvation.
The final paragraph of The Complaint of Peace finishes with the command Latin: resipiscite, meaning a voluntary return from madness and unconsiousness:

At last! Enough and more than enough blood has been spilled, human blood, and if that were little, even Christian blood. Enough has been squandered in mutual destruction, enough already sacrificed to Orcus and the Furies and to nourish the eyes of the Turks. The comedy is at an end. Finally, after tolerating far too long the miseries of war, repent!
However, the subsequent European wars of religion which accompanied the Reformation resulted in the deaths of between 7 and 18 million Europeans, including up to one third of the population of Germany.

 Paraphrases of the New Testament (1517-1524, 1532, 1534) 
Erasmus described his editorial intent with the Paraphrases of the New Testament as philological rather than theological: "to fill in the gaps, to soften the abrupt ones, to digest the confused ones, to develop the developed ones, to explain the knotty ones, to add light to the dark ones, to give (Paul's) Hebraicisms a Roman polish ... and thus to moderate παραφρασιννε παραφρόνησις: that is, 'to say otherwise so as not to say otherwise.'"He brought out the Paraphrases progressively: Romans (1517), Corinthians (1519), the rest of the Epistles throughout 1520 and 1521, and the four Gospels and Acts from 1522 to 1524. He did not put out a paraphrase of the Book of Revelation.According to Erasmus: "A paraphrase is not a translation but something looser, a kind of commentary in which the writer and his author retain separate roles.": 557 The Paraphrases allowed Erasmus to amplify the text of the New Testament by integrating philological and theological points from his scholarly Annotations, allowing more of a role for his personal opinions or angles, but in a less scholarly format. Unusually, Erasmus gives paraphrases of the speech of Christ in the persona of Christ in the Gospels, and for each Epistle uses the voice of the Apostle, not Erasmus or a neutral third person as is conventional. Unlike traditional medieval exegesis, which for some authors treated the whole the scriptures as a single unified document of propositions which, because they had the same divine author, could be mixed and matched as necessary, Erasmus treated each individual book as the literary unit that limited intertextual combination.: 24–38 Erasmus wrote his paraphrases of the Gospels at the same time as his study of Luther's work in preparation for 1524's On Free Will, On the Immense Mercy of God, etc. Some scholars see an increased explicit promotion of faith and grace in these paraphrases, with Erasmus attempting to accommodate some of Luther's exegesis, and Protestant thematic requirements, though not their theology.The Paraphrases were very well-received, particularly in England, by most parties.
Biographer Roland Bainton nominated this passage as "the essence of Erasmus" (its positivity to natural affection has none of the Lutheran total depravity doctrine, and it accords with the Catholic analogia entis pattern):

"Now in the natural love of this father for his son behold the goodness of God, who is far more clement to sinful man, if only he repents and despises himself, than any father to his son, however tenderly he may love him."

 Method of True Theology 
The Ratio seu methodus compendio perveniendi ad veram theologia was originally the Preface to the first edition of his New Testament, but was expanded and had a life of its own.

"The Ratio sets out a whole programme of theological thought, and an ideal of spirituality. If there is a Reformism proper to Erasmus—previously sketched in the Enchiridion, later defined in the polemic against Luther in the Hyperaspites, and vulgarized in the Ecclesiastes—then assuredly we must look to the Ratio for its fundamental exposition." 

 Familiar Colloquies (1518-1533) 

The Colloquia familiaria began as simple spoken Latin exercises for schoolboys to encourage fluency in colloquial Latin interaction, but expanded in number, ambition and audience. The sensational nature of many of the Colloquies made it a prime target for censorship.Notable Colloquies include the exciting Naufragium (Shipwreck), the philosophical and path-forging The Epicurean, and the zany catalogue of fantastic animal stories Friendship.
For example, A Religious Pilgrimage deals with many serious subjects humorously, and scandalously includes a letter supposedly written by a Statue of the Virgin Mary, in which, while it first thanks a reformer for following Luther against needlessly invoking saints (where the listed invocations are all for sinful or wordly things), becomes a warning against iconoclasm and stripping altars.
Amicitia (Friendship) can be considered a sweet companion piece to the vinegary Spongia of the same year.

 A Sponge to wipe away the Spray of Hutten (1523) 
As a result of his reformatory activities, Erasmus found himself at odds with some reformers and some Catholic churchmen. His last years were made difficult by controversies with men toward whom he was sympathetic.
Notable among these was Ulrich von Hutten, once a friend, a brilliant but erratic genius who had thrown himself into the Lutheran cause (and militant German nationalism.)  Erasmus claimed that von Hutten, who had a long history of adventure, violence and manslaughter, and had proposed a literal war against the clergy, had extorted money from a Carthusian monastery, highway robbed three Abbots, and cut the ears off two Benedictines.Von Hutten declared that Erasmus, if he had a spark of honesty, would throw himself into Luther's cause and help to subdue the Pope. Hutten published a book in 1523 Ulrichi ab Hutten cum Erasmo Rotirodamo, Presbytero, Theologo, Expostulatio.  In his reply in the same year, Spongia adversus aspergines Hutteni, Erasmus accused von Hutten of having misinterpreted his utterances about reform and reiterates his determination never to break with the Catholic Church.Erasmus returns multiple times to the issue that old friendships should be maintained (not betrayed) and that scholarly expertise should be acknowledged, but that neither of these should imply agreement or endorsement in total or in part with each other's views. Nor should the acknowledgement of a strained relationship or the absence of some polite title be construed as necessarily an avowal of an opposing view. Erasmus advocated being a moderating friend and a constructive voice of sanity, even to sincere but civil partisans of either side.
Historian Francis Aidan Gasquet regarded this book as necessary for understanding Erasmus' true position on Rome, quoting:

"I have never approved of (the Roman See's) tyranny, rapacity, and other vices about which of old common complaints were heard from good men. Neither do I sweepingly condemn ‘Indulgences,’ though I have always disliked any barefaced traffic in them. What I think about ceremonies, many places in my works plainly show.… What it may mean ‘to reduce the Pope to order’ I do not rightly understand. First, I think it must be allowed that Rome is a Church, for no number of evils can make it cease to be a Church, otherwise we should have no Churches whatever. Moreover, I hold it to be an orthodox Church; and this Church, it must be admitted, has a Bishop. Let him be allowed also to be Metropolitan, seeing there are very many archbishops in countries where there has been no apostle, and Rome, without controversy, had certainly SS. Peter and Paul, the two chief apostles. Then how is it absurd that among Metropolitans the chief place be granted to the Roman Pontiff?"
Erasmus noted that he would not renounce old friends because they took sides for or against Luther, noting that several had changed their minds again.
The paradoxes of Luther are not worth dying for. “There is no question of articles of faith, but of such matters as ‘Whether the supremacy of the Roman Pontiff was established by Christ:’ ‘whether cardinals are necessary to the Christian Church:’ ‘whether confession is de jure divino:’ ‘whether bishops can make their laws binding under pain of mortal sin:’ ‘whether free will is necessary for salvation:’ ‘whether faith alone assures salvation,’ &c. If Christ gave him grace,” Erasmus hopes that “he would be a martyr for His truth, but he has no desire whatever to be one for Luther.”
Erasmus' break with the endangering Lutheran poet-scholar-knight von Hutten was complete, even refusing (or making it too difficult) to see him when von Hutten, homeless and dying of syphilis, passed through Basel in 1523 and found refuge with humanists there.

 On Free Will (1524) 

Erasmus wrote On Free Will (De libero arbitrio) (1524) against Luther's view on free will: that everything happens by strict necessity.Erasmus lays down both sides of the argument impartially. 
In this controversy Erasmus lets it be seen that, from the thrust of Scripture, he would like to claim more for free will than St. Paul and St. Augustine seem to allow according to Luther's interpretation. For Erasmus the essential point is that humans have the freedom of choice, when responding to prior grace (synergism).
In response, Luther wrote his De servo arbitrio (On the Bondage of the Will) (1525), which attacked "On Free Will" and Erasmus himself, going so far as to claim that Erasmus was not a Christian.  "Free will does not exist", according to Luther in that sin makes human beings completely incapable of bringing themselves to God (monergism).
Erasmus responded with a lengthy, two-part book Hyperaspistes (1526–27).On the same day as publishing De libero arbitrio diatribe sive Erasmus also published Concio de immensa Dei misericordia (Sermon on the Immense Mercy of God) which presented his positive alternative to Lutheranism.

 Liturgy of the Virgin Mother venerated at Loreto (1525) 
Editions: 1523, 1525, 1529This liturgy for a Catholic Mass, with sequences and a homily teaching that for Mary, and the Saints, imitation should be the chief part of veneration.

The liturgy re-framed the existing Marian devotions: as a substitute for mentioning the Holy House of Loreto, he used the meaning of Loreto as 'laurel', as in the champion's laurel wreath. The work also may have been intended to demonstrate the proper application of indulgences, as it came with one from the archbishop of Besançon.

 The Tongue (or Language) (1525) 
The writings of Erasmus exhibit a continuing concern with language, and in 1525 he devoted an entire treatise to the subject, Lingua. This and several of his other works are said to have provided a starting point for a philosophy of language, though Erasmus did not produce a completely elaborated system.

 On the Institution of Christian Marriage (1526) 
The Institutio matrimonii was published in 1526 as treatise about marriage, and dedicated to Catherine of Aragon, who had befriended Erasmus and More. He did not follow the contemporary mainstream which saw the woman as a subject to the man, but suggested the man was to love the woman similar as he would Christ, who also descended to earth to serve. He saw the role of the woman as a socia (partner) to the man.The relationship should be of amicitia (sweet and mutual fondness). Erasmus suggested that true marriage between devout Christians required a true friendship (contrary to contemporary legal theories that required community consensus or consummation); and because true friendship never dies, divorce of a true marriage was impossible; the seeking of a divorce was a sign that the true friendship (and so the true marriage) never existed and so the divorce should be allowed, after investigation and protecting the individuals.As far as sex in marriage is concerned, Erasmus' gentle, gradualist asceticism promoted that a mutually-agreed celibate marriage, if God had made this doable by the partners, could be the ideal: in theory it allowed more opportunity for spiritual pursuits. But he controversially noted

Since everything else has been designed for a purpose, it hardly seems probable that in this one matter alone nature was asleep. I have no patience with those who say that sexual excitement is shameful and that venereal stimuli have their origin not in nature, but in sin.

 The Ciceronians (1528) 

The Ciceronianus came out in 1528, attacking the style of Latin that was based exclusively and fanatically on Cicero's writings. Étienne Dolet wrote a riposte titled Erasmianus in 1535.  Erasmus' own Latin style was late classical (i.e., from Terence to Jerome) as far as syntax and grammar, but freely used medievalisms in its vocabulary.: 164, 164 

 Explanation of the Apostles' Creed (1530) 
In his catechism (entitled Explanation of the Apostles' Creed) (1530), Erasmus took a stand against Luther's recent Catechisms by asserting the unwritten Sacred Tradition as just as valid a source of revelation as the Bible, by enumerating the Deuterocanonical books in the canon of the Bible and by acknowledging seven sacraments. He identified anyone who questioned the perpetual virginity of Mary as blasphemous. However, he supported lay access to the Bible.In a letter to Nikolaus von Amsdorf, Luther objected to Erasmus's catechism and called Erasmus a "viper", "liar", and "the very mouth and organ of Satan".

 The Preacher (1536) 

Erasmus's last major work, published the year of his death, is the Ecclesiastes or "Gospel Preacher" (Basel, 1536), a massive manual for preachers of around a thousand pages. Though somewhat unwieldy because Erasmus was unable to edit it properly in his old age, it is in some ways the culmination of all of Erasmus's literary and theological learning and indeed, according to some scholars, the culmination of the previous millennium of preaching manuals since Augustine. It offered prospective preachers advice on important aspects of their vocation with abundant reference to classical and biblical sources.It is also notable for calling for a mission program to outside Christendom to usefully occupy friars, castigating that commercial exploitation was prioritized over the Gospel. It called out the practice of taking criminal religious convicts and transferring them to the New World as missionaries.

 Patristic Editions 

According to Ernest Barker, "Besides his work on the New Testament, Erasmus laboured also, and even more arduously, on the early Fathers. Among the Latin Fathers he edited the works of St Jerome, St Hilary, and St Augustine; among the Greeks he worked on Irenaeus, Origen and Chrysostom."

 Alleged forgery 

In 1530, Erasmus, in his fourth edition of the works of Cyprian, introduced a treatise De duplici martyrio ad Fortunatum, which he attributed to Cyprian and presented as having been found by chance in an old library. This text, close to the works of Erasmus, both in content (hostility to the confusion between virtue and suffering) and in form, and of which no manuscript is known, contains at least one flagrant anachronism: an allusion to the persecution of Diocletian, persecution that took place long after the death of Cyprian. In 1544, the Dominican Henricus Gravius denounced the work as inauthentic and attributed its authorship to Erasmus or an imitator of Erasmus. In the twentieth century, the hypothesis of a fraud by Erasmus was rejected a priori by most of the great Erasmians, for example Percy Stafford Allen, but it is adopted by academics like Anthony Grafton.

 Legacy and evaluations 
Erasmus was given the sobriquet "Prince of the Humanists", and has been called "the crowning glory of the Christian humanists". He has also been called "the most illustrious rhetorician and educationalist of the Renaissance".
Since the origin of Christianity there have been perhaps only two other men—St Augustine and Voltaire—whose influence can be paralleled with Erasmus.
No man before or since acquired such undisputed sovereignty in the republic of letters... The reform which he set in motion went beyond him, and left him behind. In some of his opinions, however, he was ahead of his age, and anticipated a more modern stage of Protestantism. He was as much a forerunner of Rationalism as of the Reformation.
French biographer Désiré Nisard characterized him as a lens or focal point: "the whole of the Renaissance in Western Europe in the sixteenth century converged towards him."Erasmus's reputation and the interpretations of his work have varied over time. Moderate Catholics recognized him as a leading figure in attempts to reform the Church, while Protestants recognized his initial support for (and, in part, inspiration of) Luther's ideas and the groundwork he laid for the future Reformation, especially in biblical scholarship. However, at times he has been viciously criticized, his works suppressed, his expertise corralled, his writings misinterpreted, his thought demonized, and his legacy marginalized.

 Erasmianism 

Erasmians: Erasmus frequently mentioned that he did not want office  nor to be the founder or figurehead of a sect or movement, despite his vigorous branding and self-promotion. Nevertheless, historians do identify de facto "Erasmians" (ranging from the early Jesuits to the early reformers, and both Thomas More and William Tyndale)—Christian humanists who picked up on some or other aspects of Erasmus' agenda.Erasmianism: This has been described as a "more intellectual form of spiritualized Christianity" that is "an undercurrent of religious thought between Catholicism and Lutheranism." It had a notable influence in Spain. : 39  The near election of Reginald Pole as pope in 1546 has been attributed to Erasmianism in the electors. However, a precise definition is not possible; it is not, for example, a set of systematic doctrinal propositions.
French historian Jean-Claude Margolin has noted an Erasmian stream in French culture putting "the concrete before the abstract and the ethical before the speculative", though not without noting that it is not clear whether Erasmus influenced the French or vice versa.: 213 
Erasmian Reformation: Some historians such as Edward Gibbon and Hugh Trevor-Roper have even claimed an "'Erasmianism after Erasmus,' a secret stream which meandered to and fro across the Catholic/Protestant divide, creating oases of rational thought impartially on either side." For some, this amounted to a third church: or even that "Luther's and Calvin's Reformations were minor affairs" compared to the Reformation of Erasmus and the humanists' which swept away the Middle Ages.: 149 Erasmian liberalism: This has had an enduring run: described by philosopher Edwin Curley that "the spirit of Erasmian liberalism was to emphasize the ethical aspects of Christianity at the expense of the doctrinal, to suspend judgment on many theological issues, and to insist that the faith actually required for salvation was a simple and uncontroversial one."Erasmus has frequently been described as "proto-liberal": s.3.12  (both, e.g., in the UK "Lloyd George" sense of liberalism as a form of conservatism that wants moderate but real reform to prevent immoderate and destructive revolution, or the ethical sense of socio-economic Socinianism: 70 )
Protestant historian Roland Bainton is quoted "no-one did more than Erasmus to break down the theory and practice of the medieval variety of intolerance.": 4   Other popular or scholarly writers have suggested that Erasmus' tolerant but idealistic agenda failed, certainly at the political level, evidenced by the wars and persecutions of the Protestant Reformation.

 Educationalist 
Erasmus is the greatest man we come across in the history of education! (R.R. Bolger) … with greater confidence it can be claimed that Erasmus is the greatest man we come across in the history of education in the sixteenth century. …It may also be claimed that Erasmus was one of the most important champions of women's rights in his century.
According to scholar Gerald J. Luhrman, "the system of secondary education, as developed in a number of European countries, is inconceivable without the efforts of humanist educationalists, particularly Erasmus. His ideas in the field of language acquisition were systematized and realized to a large extent in the schools founded by the Jesuits..."In England, he wrote the first curriculum for St Paul's School and his Latin grammar (written with Lily and Colet) "continued to be used, in adapted form, into the Twentieth Century."His system of pronouncing ancient Greek was adopted for teaching in the major Western European nations.
Erasmus "tried to realize a practical goal: a modern education as preparation for administrators from the higher estates."Erasmus was a key part of the humanist program to get Greek and Hebrew taught at the major Universities, inspired by Cardinal Cisneros' Trilingual College of San Ildefonso/Alcalá (1499/1509) and Bishop John Fisher's establishment of Greek and Hebrew lectures at Cambridge: the Trilingual Colleges at Louvain (1517) and Paris (1530) (where students included Loyola and Calvin) spawned programs in Zurich, Rome, Strasbourg and Oxford (c.1566).Historian and Germanist Fritz Caspari saw education as the core of Erasmus' program:

"Erasmus hoped that the education of all individuals, especially of princes and nobles, in the spirit and disciplines of antiquity and Christianity would bring the rational element in them to full fruition. Ratio, reason, was in his mind almost synonymous with "goodness" and "kindness." The rule of reason, achieved through education,would therefore result in men's living together in universal peace and harmony in accord with the lessons of Christ's Sermon on the Mount." 

 Writer 
The popularity of his books is reflected in the number of editions and translations that have appeared since the sixteenth century. Ten columns of the catalogue of the British Library are taken up with the enumeration of the works and their subsequent reprints. The greatest names of the classical and patristic world are among those translated, edited, or annotated by Erasmus, including Ambrose, Aristotle, Augustine, Basil, John Chrysostom, Cicero and Jerome.

 In the Netherlands 
In his native Rotterdam, the Erasmus University Rotterdam, Erasmus Bridge, Erasmus MC and Gymnasium Erasmianum have been named in his honor. Between 1997 and 2009, one of the main metro lines of the city was named Erasmuslijn. The Foundation Erasmus House (Rotterdam), is dedicated to celebrating Erasmus's legacy. Three moments in Erasmus's life are celebrated annually. On 1 April, the city celebrates the publication of his best-known book The Praise of Folly. On 11 July, the Night of Erasmus celebrates the lasting influence of his work. His birthday is celebrated on 28 October.

 In Spain 
Erasmus became extraordinarily popular and influential in Spain, including in and around the talent pool (often from converso families) that formed the early Jesuits. There were at least 120 translations, editions, or adaptations of Erasmus' writings between 1520 and 1552, though not The Praise of Folly. Erasmians and their associates faced, at times, extraordinary pushback from the theologians at Salamanca and Vallodolid, for being associated with the alumbrado and illuminist tendencies, with many (notably Ignatius of Loyola, who had lived in the house of publisher Miguel de Eguía at the time the Spanish edition of the Enchiridion was being published): 175  resorting to exile rather than facing the Inquisition, house arrest, imprisonment or worse. However, at times the heads of the Inquisition were themselves Erasmians.
Erasmus faced a notable semi-secret trial in Vallodolid in 1527, attended by numerous bishops, abbots and theologians. Its records still exist. It disbanded without condemning Erasmus as a heretic, as most of his contentious beliefs were regarded as respectable by at least some important bishops, and the fanciful interpretations of the accusers did not stand up to scrutiny.From the 1530s, historians note the start of a widespread disenchantment with these ideas: however his ideas and works were circulating enough that even fifty years later Miguel Cervantes' Erasmianism may not have required him to have read any Erasmus.: 37, 38 

 In Poland 
According to historian Howard Louthan "Few regions embraced Erasmus as enthusiastically as Poland, and nowhere else did he have such a concentration of allies positioned at the highest levels of society including the king himself." 

 In England 
Erasmus' grammar, Adages, Copia, and other books continued as the core Latin educational material in England for the following centuries. His works and editions (in translation) are regularly connected with William Shakespeare, to Shakespeare's education, inspirations and sources (such as the shipwreck scene in The Tempest.)His translated Gospel paraphrases were legally required to be chained for public access in every church, in the reign of Edward VI.
After reading Erasmus' 1516 New Testament, Thomas Bilney "felt a marvellous comfort and quietness," and won over his Cambridge friends, future notable bishops, Matthew Parker and Hugh Latimer to reformist biblicism.  One of William Tyndale's earliest works was his translation of Erasmus' Enchiridion (1522,1533).  Both Lutheran Tyndale and his Catholic theological opponent Thomas More are considered Erasmians.: 16  Following their deaths in 1536, Tyndale's English New Testament and anti-Catholic Preface was often printed in diglot editions paired with Erasmus' Latin translation and Paraclecis or Preface to the Paraphrase of St Matthew, sometimes omitting Tyndale's name.: 156–168 Historian  Lucy Wooding argues (in Christopher Haigh's paraphrases) that "England nearly had a Catholic Reformation along Erasmian lines –but it was cut short by (Queen) Mary’s death and finally torpedoed by the Council of Trent."The initial Henrican closure of smaller monasteries followed the Erasmian agenda, which was also shared by Catholic humanists such as Reginald Pole;: 155  however the later violent closures and iconoclasm were far from Erasmus' program.
Historian of literature Cathy Schrank has written that Erasmus' reputation and status changed over the course of the English "Long Reformation" from "being presented as a proto-Reformer, to problematically orthodox, to irenic martyr."
For some Restoration Anglicans, both those promoting enforced anti-extremism and latitudinarians, and into the Age of Enlightenment,  Erasmus' moderation represented "an alternative to the belligerent Protestantism that characterized English political and social discourse". It has been claimed that William of Orange's Toleration Act owed to Erasmus' inspiration.: 186 For Edward Gibbon, Erasmus was "the father of rational theology.": 157 By 1929, G.K. Chesterton could write "I doubt if any thinking person, of any belief or unbelief, does not wish in his heart that the end of mediaevalism had meant the triumph of the Humanists like Erasmus and More, rather than of the rabid Puritans like Calvin and Knox.": 84 

 Catholic 
Erasmus was continually protected by popes, bishops, inquisitors-general, and Catholic kings during his lifetime. The following generation of saints and scholars included many influenced by Erasmian humanism or spirituality, notably Ignatius of Loyola, Teresa of Ávila, and John of Ávila.However, Erasmus attracted enemies in contemporary theologians in Paris, Louvain, Valladolid, Salamanca and Rome, notably Sepúlveda, Stúñica, Edward Lee, Noël Beda (who Erasmus had known in France in the 1490s, but who opposed Greek and Hebrew), as well as Alberto Pío, Prince of Carpi, who read his work with dedicated suspicion. These were theologians, usually from the mendicant orders that were Erasmus' particular target (such as Dominicans, Carmelites and Franciscans), who held a positive "linear view of history" for theology  that privileged recent late-medieval theology  and rejected the ad fontes methodology. Erasmus believed the vehemence of the attacks on Luther was a strategem to blacken humanism (and himself) by association, part of the centuries-long power struggle at the universities between scholastic "theologians" and humanist "poets".: 724  A particularly powerful opponent of Erasmus was Italian humanist Jerome Aleander, Erasmus' former close friend and bedmate in Venice at the Aldine Press and future cardinal. They fell out over Aleander's violent speech against Luther at the Diet of Worms, and with Aleander's identification of Erasmus as "the great cornerstone of the Lutheran heresy." They periodically reconciled in warm personal meetings, only to fall into mutual suspicion again when distant.
Erasmus spent considerable effort defending himself in writing, which he could not do after his death.The Council of Trent addressed many of the controversies Erasmus had been involved with: including free will, accumulated errors in the Vulgate, and priestly training, and followed his call for a renewed positive focus on the Creed. Erasmus' major ethical complaint that a certain kind of scholasticism was "curiosity" (useless, vain speculation) and artifically divisive was endorsed in the 4 December 1563 Decree Concerning Purgatory which recommended the avoidance of speculations and non-essential questions.

 Prohibitions 
By the 1560s, there was a marked downturn in reception: at various times and durations, some of Erasmus' works, especially in Protestantized editions, were placed on the various Roman, Dutch, French, Spanish and Mexican Indexes of Prohibited Books, either to not be read, or to be censored and expurgated: each area had different censorship considerations and severity.Erasmus' work had been translated or reprinted throughout Europe, often with Protestantizing revisions and sectarian prefaces. Sometimes the works of Martin Luther were sold with the name of Erasmus on the cover.
Erasmus' works were prohibited in England under Queen Mary I, from 1555.
For the Roman Index as it emerged at the close of the Council of Trent, Erasmus' works were completely banned (1559), mostly unbanned (1564), completely banned again (1590), and then mostly  unbanned again with strategic revisions (1596) by the Indexes of successive Popes. In the 1559 Index, Erasmus was classed as a heretic. The Colloquies were especially but not universally frowned on for school use, and many of Erasmus' tendentious prefaces and notes to his scholarly editions required adjustment. In Spain's Index, the translation of the Enchiridion only needed the phrase "Monkishness is not piety" removed to become acceptable.
By 1896, the Roman Index still listed Erasmus' Colloquia, The Praise of Folly, The Tongue, The Institution of Christian Marriage, and one other as banned, plus particular editions of the Adagia and Paraphrase of Matthew. All other works could be read in suitable expurgated versions.Because Erasmus' scholarly editions were frequently the only sources of Patristic information in print, the strict bans were often impractical, so theologians worked to produce replacement editions building on, or copying, Erasmus' editions.
The Jesuits received a dispensation from the Roman Inquisitor General to read and use Erasmus' work (not kept on the open shelves of their libraries), as did priests working near Protestant areas such as Francis de Sales.

 Post-Tridentine 
Early Dutch Jesuit scholar Peter Canisius (fl. 1547 - 1597), who produced several works superseding Erasmus', is known to have read, or used phrases from, Erasmus' New Testament (including the Annotations and Notes) and perhaps the Paraphrases, his Jerome biography and complete works, the Adages, the Copia, and the Colloquies: Canisius, having actually read Erasmus, had an ambivalent view on Erasmus that contrasted with the negative line of some of his contemporaries:

Very many people applied also to Erasmus, declaring: 'Either Erasmus speaks like Luther or Luther like Erasmus' (Aut Erasmus Lutherizat, aut Lutherus Erasmizat). And yet, we must say, if we would like to render an honest judgment, that Erasmus and Luther were very different. Erasmus always remained a Catholic. ... Erasmus criticized religion 'with craft rather than with force', often applying considerable caution and moderation to either his own opinions or errors. ...Erasmus passed judgment on what he thought required censure and correction in the teaching of theologians and in the Church.
In contrast, Robert Bellarmine's Controversies mentions Erasmus (as presented by Erasmus' opponent Albert Pío) negatively over 100 times, categorizing him as a "forerunner of the heretics";: 10  though not a heretic.   Alphonsus Ligouri, who also had not read Erasmus, judged that Erasmus "died with the character of an unsound Catholic but not a heretic," putting it all in the context of a dispute between Theologians and Rhetoricians.His patristic scholarship continued to be valued by academics, as were un-controversial parts of his biblical scholarship,: 614, 617  though Catholic biblical scholars started to criticize Erasmus' limited range of manuscripts for his direct New Testament as undermining his premise of correcting the Latin from the "original" Greek.: 622 The Jesuit mission to China, lead by Matteo Ricci, adopted the approach of cultural accommodation linked to Erasmus. The early Jesuits were exposed to Erasmus at their colleges, and their positioning of Confucius echoed Erasmus' positioning of "Saint" Socrates.: 171 Salesian scholars have noted Erasmus' significant influence on Francis de Sales: "in the approach and the spirit he (de Sales) took to reform his diocese and more importantly on how individual Christians could become better together," his optimism, civility, esteem of marriage. and, according to historian Charles Béné, a piety addressed to the laity, the acceptance of mental prayer, and the valuing of pagan wisdom.: 212 A famous 17th century Dominican library featured statues of famous churchmen on one side and of famous "heretics" (in chains) on the other: those foes including the two leading anti-mendicant  Catholic voices William of Saint-Amour (fl. 1250) and Erasmus.: 310 By 1690, Erasmus was also, rather perversely, labelled as the forerunner of the heretical tendecies in the Jansenists. From 1648 to 1794 and then 1845 to the present, the mainly-Jesuit Bollandist Society has been progressively publishing Lives of the Saints, in 61 volumes and supplements.  Historian John C. Olin notes an accord of approach with the hitherto "unique" method, mixing critical standards and devotional/rhetorical purpose, that Erasmus had laid out in his Life of St Jerome.: 97, 98 By the 1700s, Erasmus' even indirect influence on Catholic thought had waned.

 Twentieth Century 
A historian has written that "a number of Erasmus' modern Catholic critics do not display an accurate knowledge of his writings but misrepresent him, often by relying upon hostile secondary sources," naming Yves Congar as an example.: 39 A major turning point in the popular Catholic appraisal of Erasmus occurred in 1900 with rosy Benedictine historian (and, later, Cardinal) Francis Aidan Gasquet's The Eve of the Reformation which included a whole chapter on Erasmus based on a re-reading of his books and letters. Gasquet wrote "Erasmus, like many of his contemporaries, is often perhaps injudicious in the manner in which he advocated reforms. But when the matter is sifted to the bottom, it will commonly be found that his ideas are just."Over the last century, Erasmus has been un-cancelled and his Catholic reputation has gradually started to be rehabilitated: favourable factors may include:

the increasingly active modern historical and theological scholarship on Erasmus suggested chinks in the traditional partisan characterzations of Erasmus;
the retirement of the Roman Index librorum prohibitorum in 1966;increased support for a view of Erasmus that portrays him as a conservative endorsed by and responsive to the hierarchy as much as a maverick, with him voicing and crystalizing mainstream and respectable Catholic thought of his time as much as innovating; and to an extent resuscitating Victorine (the Canons Regular of St Victor): 171–174  and Cappadocian and patristic: 501–505  approaches.
his deep friendships and interactions with two Saint-Martyrs Thomas More and John Fisher,
his acknowledged or retro-fitted influence on perhaps five Doctors of the Church (Ignatius, Theresa of Ávila, John of Ávila, Canisius, de Sales), the positive normalization of his views in influential new orders such as the Jesuits, Oratorians, Redemptorists and Salesians, and an increasing list of exemplary Catholics whose views channel or parallel Erasmus', such as Bartolomé de las Casas' De unico vocationis modo (1537), and De la Salle's Decorum & Civility;
the acceptance of St John Henry Cardinal Newman's "development of doctrine", to some extent a chick hatched from the egg of Erasmus' theological historicism and his appeal to tradition (sensus fidei fidelium) on the Eucharist;: 129 
the reinvigouration of patristic ad fontes and a re-surfacing of several ideas associated with Erasmus (but ideas sometimes with a longer, forgotten patrimony, and sometimes from an even more problematic figure than Erasmus) by ressourcement and Communio theologians, such as
Henri de Lubac
Hans Urs von Balthasar, who ranked Erasmus with Augustine, Bonaventure, and Thomas Aquinas as the great theologians/exegetes;
Oratorian Louis Bouyer, who wrote that the Method of True Theology (or Ratio) of Erasmus "represents, for the first time and in admirable fashion, the use of principles and methods entirely adequate to effect a really  fruitful renewal of Catholic faith and theology;"
Joseph Ratzinger, whose famous Regensberg Address emphasized the fundamental influence of Hellenic philosophy on primitive Christianity.
his promotion of the recognition of adiaphora and toleration within bounds was taken up, to an extent, by Pope John XXIII:  In necessariis unitas, in dubiis libertas, in omnibus caritas.His instrumentalist approach to Christian humanism has been compared to that of John  Henry Newman and the personalism of John Paul II,: 151–164  but also has been criticized as treating the Church's doctrines merely as aids to piety.The Catholic scholar Thomas Cummings saw parallels between Erasmus' vision of Church reform and the vision of Church reform that succeeded at the Second Vatican Council. Theologian J. Coppens noted the "Erasmian themes" of Lumen Gentium (e.g. para 12), such as the sensus fidei fidelium and the dignity of all the baptized.: 130, 138, 150   Another scholar writes "in our days, especially after Vatican II, Erasmus is more and more regarded as an important defender of the Christian religion." John O'Malley has commented on a certain closeness between Erasmus and 
Dei Verbum.In 1963, Thomas Merton suggested "If there had been no Luther, Erasmus would now
be regarded by everyone as one of the great Doctors of the Catholic
Church. I like his directness, his simplicity, and his courage.": 146 Notably, since the 1950s, the Roman Catholic Easter Vigil mass has included a Renewal of Baptismal Promises,: 3, 4  an innovation first  proposed by Erasmus in his Paraphrases. In his 1987 collection The Spirituality of Erasmus of Rotterdam historian Richard deMolen, later a Catholic priest, called for Erasmus' canonization.

 Protestant 
Protestant views on Erasmus fluctuated depending on region and period, with continual support in his native Netherlands and in cities of the Upper Rhine area. However, following his death and in the late sixteenth century, many Reformation supporters saw Erasmus's critiques of Luther and lifelong support for the universal Catholic Church as damning, and second-generation Protestants were less vocal in their debts to the great humanist.
There was a tendency to downplay that many of the usages fundamental to Luther, Melancthon and Calvin, such as the forensic imputation of righteousness, grace as divine favour or mercy (rather than a medicine-like substance or habit), faith as trust (rather than a persuasion only), "repentance" over "doing penance" (as used by Luther in the first theses of the 95 Theses), owed to Erasmus.Luther had attempted a Biblical analogy to justify his dismissal of Erasmus' thought: "He has done what he was ordained to do: he has introduced the ancient languages, in the place of injurious scholastic studies. He will probably die like Moses in the land of Moab…I would rather he would entirely abstain from explaining and paraphrasing the Scriptures, for he is not up to this work…to lead into the land of promise, is not his business…"   "Erasmus of Rotterdam is the vilest miscreant that ever disgraced the earth…He is a very Caiaphas."  However Erasmus corresponded cordially with Melancthon until the end.Some historians have even said that "the spread of Lutheranism was checked by Luther’s antagonizing (of) Erasmus and the humanists.": 7 Erasmus' reception is also demonstrable among Swiss Protestants in the sixteenth century: he had an indelible influence on the biblical commentaries of, for example, Konrad Pellikan, Heinrich Bullinger, and John Calvin, all of whom used both his annotations on the New Testament and his paraphrases of same in their own New Testament commentaries. Huldrych Zwingli, the founder of the Reformed tradition, had a conversion experience after reading Erasmus' poem, 'Jesus' Lament to Mankind.'   Zwingli's moralism, hermeneutics and attitude to patristic authority owe to Erasmus, and contrast with Luther's.Anabaptist scholars have suggested an 'intellectual dependence' of Anabaptists on Erasmus.For evangelical Christianity, Erasmus had a strong influence on Arminius.
Erasmus' promotion of the recognition of adiaphora and toleration within bounds was taken up by many kinds of Protestants.
Erasmus' Greek New Testament was the basis of the Textus Receptus bibles, which were used for all Protestant bible translations from 1600 to 1900, notably including the Luther Bible and the King James Version.

 Character attacks 
Writers have often explained Erasmus' failure to adopt their favoured position as manifesting some deep character flaw. In historian Bruce Mansfield's words, "a smallness of character in Erasmus stood in the way of his greatness of mind.": 6–10 Luther's antipathy to Erasmus has continued to more recent times in some Lutheran teachers:

Oh how Erasmus placed honor above truth! To seek honor is a human frailty. To ever permit it to go to the point of placing honor and for that matter friendship, expediency, or anything else, above truth is to be blinded by the devil himself and to set a snare for others to be entrapped in his delusions. Such delusions Erasmus would support in pride, weakness, vacillation, and false love for peace and harmony." "Erasmus, the Judas of the Reformation" "this cultured and eloquent theological midget
The Catholic Encyclopedia (1917) explained "His inborn vanity and self-complacency were thereby increased almost to the point of becoming a disease; at the same time he sought, often by the grossest flattery, to obtain the favour and material support of patrons or to secure the continuance of such benefits." According to Catholic historian Joseph Lortz (1962) "Erasmus remained in the church…but as a half Catholic…indecisive, hesitating, suspended in the middle.": 299 A 1920s American historian wrote "Erasmus's ambitions, fed by an innate vanity which at times repels by its frank self-seeking, included both fame and fortune" yet pulls back on another historian's view that his "irritable self-conceit, shameless importunity,…may lead one to a sense of contempt for the scholar", pointing out the reality of Erasmus' dire poverty in Paris. An inter-war Anglican historian judges "He is a worm, a pigmy, a sheep able only to bleat when the gospel is destroyed ... Erasmus was a book-man and an invalid.”: 143  A Victorian Scottish biographer of Tyndale contrasted Erasmus' weak constitution with the "more masculine energy" of Luther and Tyndale.: 143 In the 20th century, various pyschoanalyses were made of Erasmus by practitioners: these diagnosed him variously as "supremely egotistic, neurasthenic, morbidly sensitive, volatile, variable, and vacillating, injudicious, irritable, and querulous, yet always ... a baffling but interesting chararacter"; a "volatile neurotic, latent homosexual, hypochondriac, and psychasthenic"; having "a form of
narcissistic character disorder," a spiritualized, vengeful, "paranoid disposition" driven by "injured narcissism", "repeated persecutory preoccupations...(with) delusional states of paranoia toward the end of his life", repressed anger directed "father figures such as prelates and teachers," needing a "sense of victimization" : 598–624 Huizinga's biography (1924) treats him more sympathically, with phrases such as: a great and sincere need for concord and affection, profoundly in need of (physical and spiritual) purity, a delicate soul (with a delicate constitution), fated to an immoderate love of liberty, having a dangerous fusion between inclination and conviction, restless but precipitate, a continual intermingling of explosion and reserve, fastidious, bashful, coquettish, a white-lier, evasive, suspicious, and feline. Yet "compared with most of his contemporaries he remains moderate and refined.": Ch.xiv 

 Name used 
The European Erasmus Programme of exchange students within the European Union is named after him. The Erasmus Programme scholarships enable students to spend up to a year of their university courses in a university in another European country, commemorating Erasmus' impulse to travel.
The Erasmus Journal of Philosophy and Economics is produced at the Erasmus Institute for Philosophy and Economics (EIPE)     at the Erasmus University Rotterdam. Rotterdam also an Erasmus Bridge.
A peer-reviewed annual scholarly journal Erasmus Studies has been produced since 1981.
The Erasmus Prize is one of Europe's foremost recognitions for culture, society or social science. It was won by Wikipedia in 2015.
The Erasmus Lectures are an annual lecture on religious subjects, given by prominent Christian (mainly Catholic) and Jewish intellectuals, most notably by Joseph Ratzinger in 1988.
The Erasmus Building in Luxembourg was completed in 1988 as the first addition to the headquarters of the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). The building houses the chambers of the judges of the CJEU's General Court and three courtrooms.
Several schools, faculties and universities in the Netherlands and Belgium are named after him, as is Erasmus Hall in Brooklyn, New York, USA.
Queens' College, Cambridge, has an Erasmus Tower, Erasmus Building and an Erasmus Room. Until the early 20th century, Queens' College used to have a corkscrew that was purported to be "Erasmus' corkscrew", which was a third of a metre long; as of 1987, the college still had what it calls "Erasmus' chair".
From 1997 to 2008, the American University of Notre Dame had an Erasmus Institute.

 Intellectual 
Literary theorist Hans Urs von Balthasar listed Erasmus in one of three key intellectual "events" in the Germanic age:Duns Scotus-William of Ockham-Francisco Suárez and Meister Eckhart-Nicholas of Cusa-Ignatius of Loyola
Martin Luther-Erasmus-Shakespeare
Kant-Hegel-Marx
Political journalist Michael Massing has written of the Luther-Erasmus free will debate as creating a fault line in Western thinking:  Europe adopted a form of Erasmian humanism while America has been shaped by Luther-inspired individualism.
By the coming of the Age of Enlightenment, Erasmus increasingly again became a more widely respected cultural symbol and was hailed as an important figure by increasingly broad groups.
In a letter to a friend, Erasmus once had written: "That you are patriotic will be praised by many and easily forgiven by everyone; but in my opinion it is wiser to treat men and things as though we held this world the common fatherland of all." Thus, the universalist ideals of Erasmus are sometimes claimed to be important for fixing global governance.
Catholic historian Dom David Knowles wrote that a just appreciation of traditional Catholic doctrine was a necessary condition for appreciating Erasmus, "without which many otherwise gifted writers have repeated meaningless platitudes."
According to two Dutch historians, "his legacy irreversibly inspired researchers to a hermeneutical approach that in the end could not but result in irrefutable attacks on the self-evident complete inerrancy of Holy Writ.": 632 

 Quotes 
Erasmus is credited with numerous quotes; many of them are not exactly original to him but are taken from his collections of sayings such as Adages or Apophthegmata.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king. Adages
The most disadvantageous peace is better than the justest war. Adages
Bidden or unbidden, God is always there. Adages
"When I get a little money I buy books; and if any is left, I buy food and clothes."
"Monkishness is not piety" Enchiridion
"Christ said (to St Peter) 'Feed my sheep', not 'Devour my sheep'."
"All the ups and downs of comedy usually end in marriage. It looks as though the Lutheran tragedy will end the same way."
Martin Luther is "a snake without a snakecharmer" Hyperaspistes II
"If I have my way, the farmer, the smith, the stone-cutter will read him (Christ), prostitutes and pimps will read him, even the Turks will read him. …If it be the ploughman guiding his plough, let him chant in his own language the mystic psalms." Paraphrase of St MatthewHe is also blamed for the mistranslation from Greek of "to call a bowl a bowl" as "to call a spade a spade", and the rendering of Pandora's "jar" as "box".

 Personal 

 Clothing 
Until Erasmus received his (1505 and 1517) Papal dispensations to wear clerical garb, Erasmus wore versions of the local habit of his order, the Canons regular of St Augustine,  Chapter of Sion, which varied by region and house, unless traveling: in general, a white or perhaps black cassock with linen and lace choir rochet for liturgical contexts or sarotium (scarf), almuce (cape), perhaps with an asymmetrical black cope of cloth or sheepskin (cacullae) or long black cloak.From 1505, and certainly after 1517, he dressed as a scholar-priest. He preferred warm and soft garments: according to one source, he arranged for his clothing to be stuffed with fur to protect him against the cold, and his habit counted with a collar of fur which usually covered his nape.All Erasmus' portraits show him wearing a knitted scholar's bonnet.

 Signet ring and personal motto 
Erasmus chose the Roman god of borders and boundaries Terminus as a personal symbol and had a signet ring with a herm he thought depicted Terminus carved into a carnelian. The herm was presented to him in Rome by his student Alexander Stewart and in reality depicted the Greek god Dionysus. The ring was also depicted in a portrait of his by the Flemish painter Quentin Matsys.

The herm became part of the Erasmus branding at Froben, and is on his tombstone.: 215  In the early 1530s, Erasmus was portrayed as Terminus by Hans Holbein the Younger.

He chose Concedo Nulli (Lat. I concede to no-one) as his personal motto. The obverse of the medal by Quintin Matsys featured the Terminus herm. Mottoes on medals, along the circumference, included "A better picture of Erasmus is shown in his writing", and "Contemplate the end of a long life" and Horace's "Death is the ultimate boundary of things,": 215  which re-casts the motto as a memento mori.

 Representations 

Erasmus frequently gifted portraits and medals with his image to friends and patrons.

Hans Holbein painted him at least three times and perhaps as many as seven, some of the Holbein portraits of Erasmus surviving only in copies by other artists. Holbein's three profile portraits – two (nearly identical) profile portraits and one three-quarters-view portrait – were all painted in the same year, 1523. Erasmus used the Holbein portraits as gifts for his friends in England, such as William Warham, the Archbishop of Canterbury. (Writing in a letter to Warham regarding the gift portrait, Erasmus quipped that "he might have something of Erasmus should God call him from this place.") Erasmus spoke favourably of Holbein as an artist and person but was later critical, accusing him of sponging off various patrons whom Erasmus had recommended, for purposes more of monetary gain than artistic endeavor. There were scores of copies of these portraits made in Erasmus' time.
Albrecht Dürer also produced portraits of Erasmus, whom he met three times, in the form of an engraving of 1526 and a preliminary charcoal sketch. Concerning the former Erasmus was unimpressed, declaring it an unfavorable likeness of him. Nevertheless, Erasmus and Dürer maintained a close friendship, with Dürer going so far as to solicit Erasmus's support for the Lutheran cause, which Erasmus politely declined. Erasmus wrote a glowing encomium about the artist, likening him to famous Greek painter of antiquity Apelles. Erasmus was deeply affected by his death in 1528.
Quentin Matsys produced the earliest known portraits of Erasmus, including an oil painting in 1517 and a medal in 1519.
In 1622, Hendrick de Keyser cast a statue of Erasmus in (gilt) bronze replacing an earlier stone version from 1557, itself replacing a wooden one of 1549, possibly a gift from the City of Basel. This was set up in the public square in Rotterdam, and today may be found outside the St. Lawrence Church. It is the oldest bronze statue in the Netherlands.
Actor Ken Bones portrays Erasmus in David Starkey's 2009 documentary series Henry VIII: The Mind of a Tyrant
Canterbury Cathedral, England has a statue of Erasmus on the North Face, placed in 1870.

 Exhumation 
In 1928, the site of Erasmus' grave was dug up, and a body identified in the bones and examined. In 1974, a body was dug up in a slightly different location, accompanied by an Erasmus medal. Both bodies have been claimed to be Erasmus'. However, it is possible neither is.

 Works 
The Catalogue of the Works of Erasmus (2023) runs to 444 entries (120 pages), almost all from the latter half of his life.

 Complete editions 
The Collected Works of Erasmus (or CWE) is an 84 volume set of English translations and commentary from the University of Toronto Press. As of May 2023, 66 of 84 volumes have been released. The Erasmi opera omni, known as the Amsterdam Edition or ASD, is a 65 volume set of the original Latin works. As of 2022, 59 volumes have been released.

 Letters 

The best sources for the world of European Renaissance Humanism in the early sixteenth century is the correspondence of Erasmus.
Erasmus wrote or answered up to 40 letters per day, usually waking early in the morning and writing them in his own hand. Over 3,000 letters exist for a 52-year period, including to and from most Western popes, emperors, kings and their staff, as well as to leading intellectuals, bishops, reformers, fans, friends, and enemies.
His letters have been published in translation in the Complete Works of Erasmus. This has been accompanied by a three-volume reference book Contemporaries of Erasmus giving biographies of the over 1900 individuals he corresponded with or mentioned.His private letters were eventually written in the knowledge that they could be intercepted by hostile opponents; he revised and rewrote letters for publication; his letters have a high amount of accommodation of his correspondents' views and strong irony, and a tendency to muddy the waters where danger is involve.

"I have never censured anything but human superstition and abuses. I only wish that I could drag the universal church to where I was struggling to lead it, so that, throwing off superstition, hypocrisy, worldly attachments, and frivolous little questions, we would all serve the Lord with pure hearts, each in his own vocation."

 Religious and political 
Handbook of a Christian Knight (Enchiridion militis Christiani) (1503)
Sileni alcibiadis (1515)
The Education of a Christian Prince (Institutio principis Christiani) (1516)
The Quarrel of Peace (Querela pacis) (1517)
(English translation)
On the Immense Mercy of God (De immensa misericordia dei) (1524)
On Free Will (De libero arbitrio diatribe sive collatio) (1524)
Hyperaspistes 2 volumes (1526)
The Institution of Christian Marriage (Institutio matrimonii) (1526)
Consultations on the War on the Turks (Consultatio de bello turcis inferendo) (1530)
On the Preparation for Death (De praeparatione ad mortem) (1533)
On the Apostles' Creed  (Symbolum apostolorum)
The Preacher (Ecclesiastes) (1535)

 Comedy and satire 
The Praise of Folly (Moriae encomium - Stultitiae laus) (1511)
(English translations)
Preface to Plutarch's How to tell a Flatterer from a Friend (1514) (Dedication to Henry VIII)
Julius Excluded from Heaven (1514) (attrib.)
Colloquies (Colloquia) (1518)
(English translation )
Ciceronianus (1528)

 Culture and education 
Adages (Adagiorum collectanea)  (1500) all editions usually called Adagia
Three Thousand Adages (Adagiorum chilliades tres) (1508)
Four Thousand Adages (Adagiorum ciliades quatuor) (1520)
Foundations of the Abundant Style (De utraque verborum ac rerum copia) (1512) often called De copia
Introduction to the Eight Parts of Speech (De constructione octo partium prationis) (1515) - Erasmus' version of Lily's Grammar, sometimes called Brevissima Institutio
Language, or the uses and abuses of language, a most useful book, (Lingua, Sive, De Linguae usu atque abusu Liber utillissimus) (1525)
On the Correct Pronunciation of Latin and Greek (De recta Latini Graecique sermonis pronuntiatione) (1528)
On Early Liberal Education for Children (De pueris statim ac liberaliter instituendis) (1529)
On Civility in Children (De civilitate morum puerilium) (1530)
Apophthegmatum opus (1531)
includes Opusculi plutarchi (c.1514)
includes How to tell a flatterer from a friend

 New Testament 
The 1516 edition had Erasmus' corrected Vulgate Latin and Greek versions. The subsequent revised editions had Erasmus' new Latin version and the Greek. The 1527 edition had both the Vulgate and Erasmus' new Latin with the Greek. These were accompanied by substantial annotations, methodological notes and paraphrases, in separate volumes.

Novum Instrumentum omne (1516)
Novum Testamentum omne (1519, 1522, 1527,1536)
In Novum Testamentum annotationes (1519, 1522, 1527,1535)
Paraphrases of Erasmus (1517-1524)
The first tome or volume of the Paraphrase of Erasmus vpon the newe testamente (1548)

 Patristic and classical editions 
Froben was keen to exploit Erasmus' name as a brand: for the patristic and classical editions that came out under his name Erasmus was variously commissioning editor, acquisitions editor, and supervising editor often working with others. He was usually the primary translator and contributed at least prefaces, notes and biographies.
Complete Works of Jerome, nine volumes (1516) with biography, ed. ii (1526), ed. iii (1537, posthumous)
Complete Works of Cyprian (1520-21)
Commentary on the Psalms Arnobius the Younger (1522)
Complete Works of Hilary of Poitiers (1523)
Against Heresies, Irenaeus (1526)
Complete Works of Ambrose (and Ambrosiaster), four volumes (1527)
Origens Fragments on Matthew (1527)
Works of Athanasius of Alexandria (1522-1527)
On Grace (De gratia) Faustus of Riez (1528)
Complete Works of Augustine (1528, 1529)
Works of Lactantius (1529)
Epiphanius (1529)
Complete Works of John Chrysostom, five volumes (1525-1530) with biography
Works of Basil of Caesarea (1530)
Homilies of Gregory of Nazianzus (1531)
Complete Works of Origen, two volumes (1536) with biography (posthumous)Late in his publishing career, Erasmus produced editions of two pre-scholastic but post-patristic writers:

On the sacrament of the Lord's body and blood (De sacramento corporis et sanguinis Domini) Alger of Liège (1530)
Commentary on Psalms of Haymo of Halberstadt attrib. (1533)Classical writers whose works Erasmus translated or edited include Lucian (1506), Euripides (1508), Pseudo-Cato (1513), Curtius (1517), Suetonius (1518), Cicero (1523), Ovid and Prudentius (1524), Galen (1526), Seneca (1515, 1528), Plutarch (1512-1531), Aristotle (1531, Introduction to edition of Simon Grynaeus), Demosthenes (1532), Terence (1532), Ptolemy (1533), as well as Livy, Pliny, Libanius, Galen, Isocrates and Xenophon. Many of the Adagia translate adages from ancient and classical sources, notably from Aesop; many of Apophthegmata are from Platonists or Cynics.

 Endmatter 

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 

 Biographies 
Augustijn, Cornelis (1995). Erasmus: his life, works, and influence (Reprinted in paperback ed.). Toronto: Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0802071775.
Barker, William (2022). Erasmus of Rotterdam: The Spirit of a Scholar. Reaktion Books
Bentley-Taylor, David (2002). My dear Erasmus: the forgotton reformer. Fearn: Focus. ISBN 9781857926958.
Christ-von Wedel, Christine (2013). Erasmus of Rotterdam: Advocate of a New Christianity. Toronto: University of Toronto Press
Dickens, A. G.; Jones, Whitney R. D. (2000). Erasmus: the reformer. London: Methuen. ISBN 0413753301.
Emerton, Ephraim (1899). Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons. OCLC 312661.
Froude, James Anthony (1894). Life and Letters of Erasmus: lectures delivered at Oxford 1893-4. Scribner's Sons.
Halkin, Leon E. (1994). Erasmus: A Critical Biography. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-631-19388-3.
Huizinga, Johan; Flower, Barbara (1952). Erasmus and the Age of Reformation,with a Selection from the Letters of Erasmus. Harper Collins. in series, Harper Torchbacks, and also in The Cloister Library. New York: Harper & Row, 1957. xiv, 266 pp
Dutch original by Huizinga (1924)
Jebb, Richard Claverhouse (1897). Erasmus. Cambridge University Press.
Pennington, Arthur Robert (1875). The Life and Character of Erasmus, pp. 219.
Rummel, Erika (2004). Erasmus. London: Continuum. ISBN 9780826491558.
Tracy, James D. (1997). Erasmus of the Low Countries. Berkeley – Los Angeles – London: University of California Press
Zweig, Stefan (1937). Erasmus of Rotterdam. Translated by Eden and Cedar Paul. Garden City Publishing Co., Inc

 Topics 
Contemporaries of Erasmus: a biographical register of the Renaissance and Reformation ; volumes 1 - 3, A - Z (Paperback, [Nachdr. der 3-bändigen Ausg. 1985 - 1987] ed.). Toronto: Univ. of Toronto Press. 2003. ISBN 9780802085771.
Bietenholz, Peter G. (2009). Encounters with a Radical Erasmus. Erasmus' Work as a Source of Radical Thought in Early Modern Europe. Toronto: University of Toronto Press
Dart, Ron (2017). Erasmus: Wild Bird.
Dodds, Gregory D. (2010). Exploiting Erasmus: The Erasmian Legacy and Religious Change in Early Modern England. Toronto: University of Toronto Press
Furey, Constance M. (2009). Erasmus, Contarini, and the Religious Republic of Letters. Cambridge and New York: Cambridge University Press
Gulik, Egbertus van (2018). Erasmus and His Books. Toronto: University of Toronto Press
Payne, John B. (1970). Erasmus, His Theology of the Sacraments, Research in Theology
Martin, Terence J. (2016). Truth and Irony - Philosophical Meditations on Erasmus. Catholic University of America Press
MacPhail, Eric (ed) (2023). A Companion to Erasmus. Leiden and Boston: Brill
Massing, Michael (2022). Fatal Discord - Erasmus, Luther, and the Fight for the Western Mind. HarperCollins
McDonald, Grantley (2016). Biblical Criticism in Early Modern Europe: Erasmus, the Johannine Comma, and Trinitarian Debate. Cambridge and New York: Cambridge University Press
Ron, Nathan (2019). Erasmus and the “Other”: On Turks, Jews, and Indigenous Peoples. Palgrave Macmillan Cham
Ron, Nathan (2021). Erasmus: Intellectual of the 16th Century. Palgrave Macmillan Cham
Quinones, Ricardo J.  (2010). Erasmus and Voltaire: Why They Still Matter. University of Toronto Press, 240 pp. Draws parallels between the two thinkers as voices of moderation with relevance today.
Winters, Adam. (2005). Erasmus' Doctrine of Free Will. Jackson, TN: Union University Press.

 Non-English 
Bataillon, Marcel (1937) Erasme et l'Espagne , Librairie Droz (1998) ISBN 2-600-00510-2
Erasmo y España: Estudios Sobre la Historia Espiritual del Siglo XVI (1950), Fondo de Cultura Económica (1997) ISBN 968-16-1069-5
Garcia-Villoslada, Ricardo (1965) 'Loyola y Erasmo, Taurus Ediciones, Madrid, Spain.
Lorenzo Cortesi (2012) Esortazione alla filosofia. La Paraclesis di Erasmo da Rotterdam, Ravenna, SBC Edizioni, ISBN 978-88-6347-271-4
Pep Mayolas (2014) Erasme i la construcció catalana d'Espanya, Barcelona, Llibres de l'Índex

 Primary sources 
Collected Works of Erasmus (U of Toronto Press, 1974–2023). 84/86 volumes published as of mid 2023; see U. Toronto Press, in English translation
The Correspondence of Erasmus (U of Toronto Press, 1975–2023), 21/21 volumes down to 1536 are publishedAlso:

Rabil, Albert (2001). "Erasmus: Recent Critical Editions and Translations". Renaissance Quarterly. 54 (1): 246–251. doi:10.2307/1262226. ISSN 0034-4338. JSTOR 1262226. S2CID 163450283. Discusses both the Toronto translation and the entirely separate Latin edition published in Amsterdam since 1969

 External links 

"Desiderius Erasmus" entry  in the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
"Desiderius Erasmus". Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy.
"Desiderius Erasmus" entry in Catholic Encyclopedia, 1909 by Joseph Sauer
Works by Erasmus at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Erasmus at Internet Archive

 Non-English 
Index of Erasmus's Opera Omnia (Latin)
Opera (Latin Library)
Literature by and about Erasmus in the German National Library catalogue
Works by and about Erasmus in the Deutsche Digitale Bibliothek (German Digital Library)
Publications by and about Erasmus in the catalogue Helveticat of the Swiss National Library

 Media 
Works by Erasmus at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
In Our Time podcast from BBC Radio 4 with Melvyn Bragg, and guests Diarmaid MacCulloch, Eamon Duffy, and Jill Kraye.
Desiderius Erasmus: "War is sweet to those who have no experience of it …" - Protest against Violence and War ( Publication series: Exhibitions on the History of Nonviolent Resistance, No. 1, Editors: Christian Bartolf, Dominique Miething). Berlin: Freie Universität Berlin, 2022. PDF
Sporen van Erasmus (Traces of Erasmus), documentary TV series, 5 episodes,

Dalia Blimke-Dereń
Dalia Blimke-Dereń (née Blimke; born 20 May 1979) is a Polish chess Woman International Master (WIM) (1998).

 Biography 
In 1991, in Warsaw, Dalia Blimke won the World Youth Chess Championship in the girl's U12 age group. In the following years, she represented Poland many times at the World Youth Chess Championships and European Youth Chess Championship in various age groups. In 1996, she won the Polish Youth Chess Championship in girl's U18 age group, and in 1999 - the gold medal at the World Girls' Junior Team Chess Championship in U20 age group in Rio de Janeiro. A year later, she won two national championship medals: silver in the Polish Blitz Chess Championship and bronze in the Polish Rapid Chess Championship. In the years 1994–2001 she appeared in the finals of Polish Women's Chess Championship six times. She achieved the best result in 1997 in Cisna, taking the fourth place. In the same year, she also took 2nd place (behind Olga Alexandrova) in the Open chess tournament in Frýdek-Místek. In 2003, she took 5th place in the grandmaster tournament in Belgrade.Dalia Blimke-Dereń reached the highest rating in her career on 1 January 1999, with a score of 2281 points, she was then ranked 6th among Polish female chess players. In 1998, Dalia Blimke-Dereń was awarded the FIDE Women International Master (WIM) title.

 References 

 External links 
Dalia Blimke-Deren rating card at FIDE
Dalia Blimke-Deren player profile and games at Chessgames.com
Dalia Blimke chess games at 365Chess.com
Dalia Blimke-Dereń - Szachy w Polsce

Mike Gonzales
Michael "Mike" Gonzales is a former United States decathlete.
Gonzales attended Bishop Montgomery High School in Redondo Beach, California, where he played both football and track and field. He was inducted into the school's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2013.Gonzales was offered multiple football scholarships to play at top universities. He accepted a full scholarship in Track and Field from University of Southern California with the intention of becoming an Olympic athlete. At USC Gonzales was a standout in decathlon, where he held the USC Decathlon School record from 1984-2019. He competed and won the gold medal in decathlon at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indiana.
Gonzales tried four times to make the USA Olympic Team in Decathlon (1984 1988, 1992,1996) but was plagued by injury in each attempt. Gonzales was recruited by Olympian Liston Bochette to participate in the 1998 Winter Olympics representing Puerto Rico in the four-man bobsled team. At 2002 Winter Olympics Michael Gonzales did not meet Puerto Rico Olympic Committee rules about eligibility; after this, the Puerto Rico Olympic Committee withdrew the recognition of the Winter Sports Federation for the island, effectively ending any hopes for athletes competing at the Winter Olympics until 2018.
Gonzales later became a competitive amateur golfer, competing in over 400 tournaments. In 2016 Mike Gonzales began to complete as a professional golfer, completing in Champion Tour Event qualifiers and 3 of the Champion Tour Qualifying School Tournaments. Today he is the CEO for TOPIMR, a web-based Internet Marketing Company.

 Honors and awards 
2014 USC Track and Field Hall of Fame; Heritage Award recipient
2013 Bishop Montgomery High School, Athletic Hall of Fame
1988 Personal Record Decathlon 8,203 points
1987 Gold Medalist, Pan American Games Decathlon
1987 United States Olympics Festival Decathlon Gold Medalist
1984 USC All-American, Decathlon
1984 USC Track and Field Record, Decathlon (8,022), Held Record 1984-2019
1983,1984, 1985 3 Time All-Pac-10 Decathlon
1980 United States Junior Olympics National Decathlon
1980 United States National Age Group Decathlon Record 16 years and under

 Education 
Bishop Montgomery High School, Torrance CA (1982)
University of Southern California, BS in Communications(full scholarship, track and field)

 Personal life 
Gonzales resides in Southern California with his wife, Debra and his son Tanner.

 References 

Brooks Johnson
Brooks Johnson (born February 28, 1934) is a former sprinter and a current American track coach.

 Early life 
Johnson was a track star for his high school in Plymouth, Massachusetts. His father shined shoes in Miami, Florida, and his mother was a housemaid.

 Life as an athlete 
After high school, Johnson attended Tufts University. He describes his track career there as having more "lowlights than highlights." He did achieve some success as an athlete there, including notably a gold medal as a member of the  4 × 100 m relay at the 1963 Pan American Games (with Ira Murchison, Ollan Cassell  and Earl Young), but injury curtailed his career. He was not a member of the USA track team for the 1964 Olympics; he was involved in an automobile accident on the way to the qualifying meet at Stanford University.

 Early coaching career 
Johnson earned a J.D. degree from the University of Chicago Law School. He never practiced as a lawyer, instead working for the Governmental Affairs Institute in the United States Department of State in Washington D.C. Johnson thought of being a corporate lawyer but when told by the lawyer father of a school friend that "Regardless of what I think personally, my partners will say there is no room for blacks in corporate law", he realized that this color bar would mean that the law was not for him.While in Washington, Johnson started coaching high school athletes at St. Albans School, where he started in 1965 as coach, athletic director and teacher of cultural anthropology and history. Johnson got the job at St. Albans when, as a community organizer, he confronted the headmaster, the late Charles S. Martin, and objected that he was running “an all-white school in a black town.” To the retort "What was his solution?", Johnson replied, "I am the solution.".
One of his pupils there was the promising young discus thrower, and future vice-president, Al Gore. His school lessons were also famed for their quirkiness. At St. Albans in 1970 he founded the Skip Grant program for students from traditionally under-represented backgrounds.

 Later coaching career 
Johnson spent 12 years at St. Albans before moving on to the University of Florida (1975–79) as assistant track coach, then head coach at Stanford University (1979–92), succeeding coach Payton Jordan, and California Polytechnic State University (1993–96).Johnson has coached Olympians since 1960, beginning with 110-meter hurdles silver medalist Willie May. Since then, notable Olympians coached by Johnson include Esther Stroy (a 15-year-old girl he trained through a neighborhood track club to get to the 1968 Olympics), Evelyn Ashford and Chandra Cheesborough. In 1984 he was women's team coach for track and field at the Summer Games in Los Angeles and relay coach in 2008. Johnson was part of the U.S. Track and Field Olympic coaching staff in 1976, 1984, 2004, and 2008. Johnson was elected to the USA Track Coaches Hall of Fame in 1997. Johnson also is a former director of the ARCO Olympic Training Center for the United States Olympic Team (there at its opening in 2003-04) and acted as High Performance Division Chair for USA Track & Field.

 Current work 
Johnson was hired by the Disney Corporation in 1996 "to jump-start a fledging sports program". He is still an active coach with a small select group of athletes that has included Justin Gatlin, Tiffany Williams and David Oliver. "It is actually quite easy because a lot of the problems have already been resolved," Johnson said of his athletes, "these people were outstanding with Olympic credentials before they ever came here, so they know their way to the podium. Our job is to retrace the steps back to the podium." Johnson is currently based at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex at Walt Disney World, usually to be found in his "signature beige straw hat".On the future, Johnson does not plan to retire, as he said, "I like kicking (butt).I like to win, my whole life has been competitive," and he will continue "until they throw dirt in my face".

 Accolades and awards 
In 2018, Johnson was given the USA Track and Field Legend Coach Award.In 2010, Johnson was named Nike Coach of the Year by USA Track and Field.

 Criticism 
In 1992, one of Johnson's former athletes at Stanford University went public with her criticisms of Johnson's treatment of students.

 References 

 External links 
"Interview with Brooks Johnson", speedendurance.com
"Brooks Johnson (Soundbites)", Wide World of Sports News

Pat Daniels
Billie Patricia "Pat" Daniels (in first marriage Winslow, in second marriage Bank, in third marriage Connolly;  born September 1, 1943) is a retired female pentathlete and track and field coach from the United States, who was the U.S. track and field national champion in the 800 m in 1960 and 1961 and in the pentathlon from 1961 to 1967 and in 1970. She was national long jump champion in 1967. She won the gold medal in the pentathlon at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada. A three-time Olympian (1960, 1964, 1968), she placed seventh in 1964 and sixth in 1968. She first represented the US in 1960, running just five days after her 17th birthday, days before beginning her senior year at Capuchino High School in San Bruno, California.She was the first coach of the women's track and field team at the University of California Los Angeles, which she led to AIAW national championships in 1975 and 1977.  In 1983, she coached UCLA alumna Evelyn Ashford to a world record in the women's 100 m, set in Colorado Springs.  In 1984, she coached Ashford to gold medals in the women's 100 m and 4 × 100 m relay at the Olympic Games in Los Angeles and later that year to a new world record in the 100 m of 10.76 seconds, set in Zurich.She became head men's and women's track and field coach at Radford University in 1998 and was named Big South Coach of the Year in 2001 before retiring the following year.  In 2004, she came out of retirement to coach Allyson Felix to a silver medal and world junior record in the women's 200 m at the Olympic Games in Athens.
In 1989 she testified before a Senate hearing on steroid abuse chaired by Senator Joseph Biden.  She has published numerous articles in publications, including The New York Times, on the subject of performance-enhancing drugs.  She is author of Coaching Evelyn: Fast, Faster, Fastest Woman in the World.  She was married to American hammer thrower and Olympian Hal Connolly until his death in 2010.  In 2010, she was inducted into the African-American Ethnic Sports Hall of Fame. Also, starting in 2010, she began coaching for Gilman School in Baltimore, Maryland. She helped coach the Greyhounds to championships in the MIAA for both indoor and outdoor track and field.

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Pat Daniels at Wikimedia Commons
Billee Jo Patricia WINSLOW-DANIELS at Olympics.com
Pat Daniels-Winslow at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
USATF Statistics

Earl Bell
Earl Holmes Bell (born August 25, 1955) is a retired American pole vaulter. He competed at the 1976, 1984 and 1988 Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1984, placing fourth in 1988 and sixth in 1976.
He also briefly held the world record in 1976, and coached several of America's leading vaulters during his retirement years. In 2002, he was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.

 Biography 
 Bell was born in Panama to William "Papa" K. Bell and Yola Zimmerman Bell. His father was a medical doctor, a Masters Record Holder pole vaulter, and attended the University of Arkansas. The family moved from Panama to Jonesboro, Arkansas in 1960.
In 1973, Bell entered Arkansas State University. He graduated in 1988 with a BSc degree in accounting. While attending Arkansas State, Bell won the NCAA title in 1975–77. He also won the AAU championships in 1976 and 1984, placing third in 1981. In addition to participating in the Olympics, Bell won a gold medal at the 1975 Pan American Games and finished fifth in 1991.Bell came to the 1976 U.S. Olympic Trials as the world record holder. At the trials, he lent his pole to David Roberts, who broke his pole. Roberts won the trials with a new world record, and placed third at the Olympics, while Bell finished second and sixth, respectively.

 Coaching career 
After retiring from competitions Bell established Bell Athletics outside of Jonesboro, where he coached Jeff Hartwig, Derek Miles, Kellie Suttle, Daniel Ryland, and Jillian Schwartz, among other top pole vaulters.Bell is married and has three children: Drew, Sam, and Henry.

 Rankings 
Rare among vaulters, Bell managed to stay relatively healthy and productive for a long career, gaining US rankings among the best for 16 consecutive years in the Track and Field News annual rankings.

 References 

 External links 

Bell Athletics Training and Camps
Earl Bell at the USATF Hall of Fame

Kip Janvrin
Kip Janvrin (born July 8, 1965 in Guthrie Center, Iowa) is an American former decathlete. Janvrin is a native of Panora, Iowa and is now the Co-Head Track & Field Coach at the University of Central Missouri in Warrensburg, Missouri.

 College career 
Janvrin is a 1988 graduate of Simpson College, an NCAA Division III school in Indianola, Iowa.  He won three NCAA Division III titles in the decathlon, as well as individual titles in the pole vault and 400 meter hurdles.

 International career 
Janvrin won the decathlon at the 1989 Olympic Festival with 7,863 points held at Memorial Stadium in Norman, Oklahoma.  Former President Ronald Reagan attended the event and spoke at the opening ceremony.  Janvrin took the bronze medal at the 1994 Goodwill Games and won the 1995 Pan American Games.
Janvrin achieved his then personal best result of 8,345 points at the USA Olympic Trials in June 1996 in Atlanta.  He finished fourth and his score was the most points for a non-qualifying athlete ever in the history of the event  He would not make the team for the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta which consist of the top three qualifiers, Dan O'Brien, Steve Fritz and Chris Huffins.  Later that summer Janvrin would establish his all-time personal best of 8462 points at the Thorpe Cup, which is a decathlon meet between Germany and the USA, and was held in Edwardsville, Illinois.Janvrin finished in fourth place at both the 1998 and 1999 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. At the 2000 USA Olympic Trials Janvrin placed third.  As the third-place finisher, Janvrin had to meet the then Olympic A standard of 8050 points to qualify for the Olympic team.  This meant that at the trials he need to run a 4:13.0 in the 1500 m run, which is the final event in the decathlon. Janvrin ran a 4:12.01, which was the fastest time of the day and gave him 8057 points and qualified him for the 2000 Olympics.  The USA Decathlon team consisted of Janvrin along with the first two qualifiers Tom Pappas and Chris Huffins.  At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney Janvrin finishing twenty-first with a score of 7726 points.  He is the oldest United States decathlete to ever compete in the Olympics.In 2001, he won his only US title at the USA Outdoor Track & Field Championships in Eugene, Oregon, on June 21–22, attaining 4,030 on day one and 4,211 on day two for 8241 total points.  This was his 13th attempt for the title and he is the oldest person to ever win the US title.  On August 6–7 at the 2001 World Championships held in Edmonton, Canada, he finished seventeenth with 7,905 points.At the 2004 United States Olympic trials in Sacramento, Janvrin finished 12th with 7,210 points.  Although he did not qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics at Athens as an athlete, he attended the Athens Olympics as a coach for Tom Pappas, who was ranked #1 in the U.S. and #2 in the world.Janvrin has won the decathlon a record 15 times at the Drake Relays, the most by any athlete in the history of the competition. In April 1996, he scored a Drake Relays decathlon record 8,198 points and was inducted into the Drake Relays Hall of Fame for the decathlon.

 World records 
He was the world record holder in the Icosathlon, which is the double decathlon, from September 8, 2002 to September 25, 2010 with scores of 6,912 on day one and 7,273 on day two for 14,185 points total.  Since he was 37 at the time, that mark stands as the Masters M35 record, however the score has been Age graded to 14,991.On August 24, 2005, at San Sebastian, he scored 8618 points in the Men Outdoor Decathlon to set the World Masters Athletics (WMA) record for the M40 age group.He holds the world record for most career decathlon wins (41) and is the American record holder for most career decathlons over 8,000 points (26).  He won the decathlon a record 15 times at the Drake Relays, which is the most by any athlete in the history of the competition.

 References 

 External links 
Kip Janvrin at World Athletics 
GBR Athletics

Jim Fuchs
James Emanuel Fuchs (pronounced ; December 6, 1927 – October 8, 2010) was an American communications executive and athlete who competed in the discus throw and shot put. Track and Field News rated him the number one shotputter in the world in the 1949–50 seasons.  He developed a new shot-putting technique to compensate for a leg injury, and then used what he called "the sideways glide" to set world records and dominate the sport over a two-year span in the early 1950s. He won bronze medals in shot put at both the 1948 Summer Olympics in London and the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

 Early years, college, new technique, Olympics 
Fuchs was born in Chicago, Illinois, where he starred in football at Hyde Park High School (later renamed to Hyde Park Career Academy). He played football as a fullback at Yale University, but injuries kept him off the field. In track, at 215 pounds, he was able to run the 100-yard dash in less than 10 seconds, but suffered a leg injury, and his coaches finally restricted him to competing in the discus and the shot. While recovering from surgery while he was at Yale, he tried to use what was then the standard technique for the shot put but found that his injury made him unable to use that method which involved stopping before releasing the shot. He came up with a technique he called "the sideways glide" that allowed him to shot put more smoothly and without pain, while seeing a dramatic increase in distance. In subsequent years the technique he developed was widely adapted by other competitors. Fuchs' training regimen did not involve lifting weights; in a 1994 interview he suggested that had he done so he would easily have broken 60 feet, shot putting's equivalent of the four-minute mile.Competing for Yale University, Fuchs won both the IC4A and NCAA championships in 1949 and 1950. He won the Amateur Athletic Union national outdoor titles the same years and was the AAU indoor champion for three consecutive years, from 1950 through 1952. In 1949 and 1950 he won 88 consecutive meets and set four world records, reaching his peak in a period that came between Olympic games. Fuchs set his first record at 58 feet 4+1⁄2 inches (17.793 m) in June 1949 in Oslo, Norway. He extended it to 58-5½ (17.82m) on April 29, 1950, in Los Angeles at a triangular track and field competition between Yale, Michigan State University and the University of Southern California; to 58-8¾ (17.90m) on August 20, 1950, at Visby, Sweden; and to 58-10¾ (17.95m) two days later at Eskilstuna, Sweden. The last mark was ratified by the International Amateur Athletics Federation in April 1951. At the Boston Athletic Association games held in February 1950, Fuchs set an unofficial indoor record with a 16-pound shot which he heaved a distance of 57 feet, 6½ inches from the board circle, for an event that at the time of the toss was not officially tracked by the AAU in its record book.Fuchs represented the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics held in London, Great Britain, where he won the bronze medal in the men's shot put event, despite suffering from strep throat and a 104-degree temperature while competing. Competing in two events in athletics at the 1951 Pan American Games held in Buenos Aires, Fuchs won gold medals in both the discus and shot put. He earned himself the nickname "The Magnificent Wreck" for his willingness to compete in the face of illness and injury. As one of the favorites heading into the next Olympics, Fuchs sprained a finger in his right hand in July 1952 which left his entire hand throbbing and put him off the field for three days, in addition to an ankle injury he had sustained with while training. Despite the injuries, Fuchs repeated with his second bronze medal in the shot put at the 1952 Summer Olympics, held in Helsinki, Finland. Gold medalist Parry O'Brien later surpassed Fuchs's records with a more radical innovation which featured a 180-degree turn called the "backwards glide"; he broke the 60-foot mark in 1953.

 Post shot-put career 
After his shot-put career, Fuchs spent 20 years as a communications executive, working for NBC, Curtis Publishing and Mutual Sports, of which he was president. Later he was the chairman and chief executive of the outplacement firm Fuchs, Cuthrell & Company.In 1981, he co-founded, together with George Steinbrenner, the Silver Shield Foundation, after the two friends had discussed the funeral of a slain police officer that Fuchs had attended, which left him wondering how the officer's children would be taken care of following their father's death. Silver Shield was dedicated to offering financial assistance to the children of peace officers in the New York metropolitan area who were killed in the line of duty, with the initial funding for the organization coming from the revenue earned at a New York Yankees game. Fuchs became the chairman and executive director of the organization, which provided each of 900 children of victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks with $20,000 in funds to be used towards their education.Fuchs was inducted into the USA Track & Field Hall of Fame in 2005, in recognition for his dominance of the sport in 1949 and 1950 which had him top ranked by Track & Field News for both of those seasons.Fuchs died in Manhattan at age 82 on October 8, 2010. He was survived by his fiancée, Mary St. George, as well as by five daughters from his first marriage, two sons from his second and seven grandchildren. Both of his marriages had ended in divorce.

 References 

 External links 
Jim Fuchs at the USATF Hall of Fame
Jim Fuchs at Olympedia
James Emanuel Fuchs at Olympics.com

Cindy Greiner
Cynthia Greiner (née Suggs; born February 15, 1957, in San Diego, California) is a retired female heptathlete and long jumper from the United States, who won the gold medal at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis, United States. She is a two-time U.S. champion (1984 and 1990). Greiner set her personal best (6300 points) in the heptathlon during the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.

 International competitions 

 External links 
Cindy Greiner at World Athletics 
Cindy Greiner at Olympics.com
Cindy Greiner at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
Profile at trackfield.brinkster.net
Athletes from the Past, Where Are They Now?, article in the Aberdeen News, July 5, 2008

Sam Graddy
Samuel Louis Graddy III (born February 10, 1964) is an American former athlete and American football player, winner of gold medal in 4 × 100 m relay at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

 Early years 
Born in Gaffney, South Carolina, Sam Graddy was second in the 100 m and was a member of gold medal winning American 4 × 100 m relay team at the 1983 Pan American Games.

 Track and field 
Graddy was also a standout track athlete. In 1984, he won the gold medal at the 1984 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in the 100 meters with a time of 10.28 seconds, and as a University of Tennessee at Knoxville student, he also won the 100 meters title at the 1984 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships.At the Los Angeles Olympics, Graddy was second behind Carl Lewis in 100 m and ran the first leg in the American 4 × 100 metres relay team, which won the gold medal with a new world record of 37.83 seconds.

 Personal bests 

 Professional career 
After graduating from university of Tennessee, Graddy was signed by the Denver Broncos in 1987. He played in Denver during the 1987 and 1988 seasons catching one pass for 30 yards. After being out of football for the 1989 season, he signed with the Los Angeles Raiders where he played from 1990 to 1992. During his Raider career Graddy was plagued with dropped passes therefore moved down the depth chart and mainly limited to kick return duty. His career highlight was in 1991 when he caught an 80-yard touchdown pass against the Houston Oilers. Graddy ended his career with 18 catches, 477 yards, 26.5 average per reception and 3 touchdowns. He also returned 27 kicks for 458 yards.

 References 

Chris Huffins
Chris Huffins (born 15 April 1970) is an athlete from the United States who competed in the field of Decathlon.  He was the Director and Head Coach of the Men's and Women's Track and Field and Cross Country programs at the University of California from 2002 to 2007.  He married Monique Parker in 1997 with whom he had one son Zachary. He earned a degree from the University of California in Political Economies of Industrial Societies in 2007.  Huffins is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. He is currently married to Tamika Huffins with whom he had another son, Jaxon.

 Athletic career 
Chris Huffins first became interested in decathlon while a student at the University of California. Sidelined with a broken toe, he watched other students performing decathlon and decided that that was the sport for him. Before becoming a decathlete, Chris Huffins was also a basketball player, sprinter, and long jumper.
As a decathlete, Huffins acquired a reputation as a fast starter but a slow finisher, prone to surging ahead on the first day of the competition, but fading on the second day. Huffins denied this accusation, saying that it was an accident of ordering because his two weakest events (javelin, 1500m run) happened to be the final two events of the decathlon.

 Achievements 
1992 Olympic Trials - decathlon - 16th
1993 NCAA - decathlon - 1st
1993 USA Outdoor Track & Field Championships - decathlon - 9th
1993 Pacific-10 Conference, decathlon - 1st
1993 Ranked by Track and Field News decathlon - 9th U.S.
1995 USA Outdoor Track & Field Championships - decathlon - 2nd
1995 1995 World Championships in Athletics Ullevi Stadium, Gothenburg, Sweden - decathlon - 8th
1995 Ranked by Track and Field News decathlon - 8th World, 2nd U.S.
1996 Olympic Trials - decathlon - 3rd
1996 1996 Summer Olympics Atlanta, Georgia, U.S. - decathlon - 10th
1996 Ranked by Track and Field News decathlon - 10th World, 3rd U.S.
1997 USA Outdoor Track & Field Championships - decathlon - 2nd
1997 Ranked by Track and Field News decathlon - 7th World, 2nd U.S.
1998 USA Outdoor Track & Field Championships - decathlon - 1st
1998 Deca Jam, - decathlon - 1st
1998 Goodwill Games, - decathlon - 2nd
1998 Ranked by Track and Field News decathlon - 5th World, 2nd U.S.
1998 Recipient of the John H. Bennett Award presented by USA Track & Field
1999 USA Outdoor Track & Field Championships - decathlon - 1st
1999 Pan Am Games - decathlon - 1st
1999 World Championships - decathlon - 3rd
1999 Recipient of the John H. Bennett Award presented by USA Track & Field
2000 Olympic Trials - decathlon - 2nd
2000 2000 Summer Olympics Sydney, Australia - decathlon - 3rd
2000 Ranked by Track and Field News decathlon - 4th World, 1st U.S.
2000 Inducted into the Indiana State Track & Field Hall of Fame
2000 Recipient of the John H. Bennett Award presented by USA Track and FieldHuffins holds  the heptathlon world best in the 60 m dash with a time of 6.61 seconds.

 2000 Sydney Olympics 
Leading into the Sydney Games, Huffins established himself as one of the best decathletes in the world.  In 1998, he finished second in the Goodwill Games, and in 1999, Huffins won the Pan American Games and finished third at the 1999 World Championships in the decathlon.  At the 2000 USA Olympic trials, Huffins finished second behind Tom Pappas and ahead of Kip Janvrin, his future teammates at Sydney.
At the Sydney Olympics, Huffins performed consistently, and after the first nine events, including the javelin, he led eventual winner Erki Nool by 14 points. In the concluding 1500m event, Huffins ran a hard race, beating his previous best time by almost 13 seconds.  It was enough to capture the bronze medal.  Huffins score was a season's best of 8595 points and only 46 points short of gold medalist Erki Nool.
On the topic of not winning the gold medal, Huffins later said there were as many bronze medals as gold medals, so he didn't feel any less honored for finishing third.

 Coaching career 
After spending some time as an assistant coach for Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina and Georgia Tech in Atlanta, Georgia, Huffins was hired at his alma mater, the University of California, to coach his old team, The Golden Bears.  Under his direction, the team has won 14 All-American honors, set 12 new school records, sent five athletes to the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in 2005, two of Huffin's athletes were ranked in the top 10 in the United States.
On May 29, 2007, Huffins announced his resignation from his position as director of track and field at the University of California.
After brief stints at Boise State University, Eastern Michigan University, the University of Oklahoma & Clemson, he is currently (2014-2015) going into his second year coaching the Purdue Boilermakers.

 References 

trackfield.brinkster
New York Times
Decathlon2000 Bio

Judi Brown Clarke
Judith Lynne Brown Clarke (née Brown, formerly Brown-King, born July 14, 1961) is an American politician and former athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metre hurdles. She is the 1984 Olympic silver medalist and two-time Pan American Games champion. She later was a member of the Lansing, Michigan City Council.

 Sports career 
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Clarke (under the name Judi Brown) won the gold medal in the 400m hurdles at the 1983 Pan American Games, narrowly ahead of her team-mate Sharrieffa Barksdale. In 1984, she won her first US national 400m hurdles title before going on to win the silver medal in the event at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, finishing behind Nawal El Moutawakel. Under her then married name of Judi Brown King, she won three more US 400m hurdles titles from 1985 to 1987 and successfully defended her Pan American Games title in 1987, finishing ahead of Sandra Farmer. She was also a twelve-time Big Ten champion in track and field events during her career. In 1987, she was selected Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated magazine for her community involvement.

 Education 
Clarke holds two degrees from Michigan State University, a Bachelor's degree in Audiology and Speech Science, and a Master's degree in Education.  She was inducted into the Michigan State University Hall of Fame in 1986.  She holds a Ph.D. in Public Administration and Public Policy from Western Michigan University, from which she graduated with honors. She also is a member of the Michigan Even Start Statewide Family Literacy Consortium.

 Political career 
Clarke was elected to the Lansing, Michigan City Council in 2013 and remained in office until 2017, and unsuccessfully ran for mayor of Lansing in the 2017 election.

 International competitions 
All results regarding 400m hurdles

 References 

 Notes 
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Judi Brown Clarke". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-17.
USATF 400 Hurdles list
USATF Olympic Trials Champions

Herman Frazier
Herman Ronald "Herm" Frazier (born October 29, 1954) is a retired American sprinter. He won gold medals in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1976 Olympics and 1975 and 1979 Pan American Games. Individually he earned a bronze medal in the 400 m event at the 1976 Olympics. He served as chef de mission of the 2004 U.S. Olympic team and as the Athletic Director at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and the University of Hawaii. He currently serves as the senior deputy athletics director at Syracuse University.

 Athlete 
Frazier started his athletic career as multiple sport athlete at Germantown High School in Philadelphia. He was a member of the Philadelphia Pioneers Track Club where he was coached by Alex Woodley. His collegiate career began at Denison University. He later attended Arizona State University, where he became an All-American sprinter. He was the team captain of the 1977 national championship track team. He graduated from ASU in 1977 with a degree in political science.As a member of the US National Track & Field team, Frazier participated both in the Olympic and Pan-American games. In the 1976 Montreal Olympics, he ran the first leg for the gold medal-winning 4×400-meter relay team. Individually, he won a bronze medal in the 400-meter dash. He was also a gold medalist at both the 1975 and 1979 Pan-American Games. In 1980, he was a member of the U.S. Olympic Track and Field team that boycotted the Summer Olympic Games in Moscow. He also tried to qualify for the 1980 Winter Olympics as a bobsledder.

 Administrator 
Frazier began his administrative career as a graduate assistant at Arizona State University in 1977. He would later become a full-time administrator and remained with the university for a total of 23 years, eventually becoming the Senior Associate Athletics Director. He would earn his first athletics director job at the University of Alabama at Birmingham in 2000. In 2002, he left UAB to accept the athletic director position at the University of Hawaii where he would remain until 2008. Frazier was fired the day after he failed to re-sign football coach June Jones.In 2008 Frazier was named associate athletic director for sports administration at Temple University, and stayed there until 2011. In July 2011, he was hired at Syracuse University by Daryl Gross to take similar position.He has served on the U.S. Olympic Committee in numerous capacities. In 1996, he was elected as one of three vice-presidents for the committee and accompanied the team to the 2000 games in Sydney, Australia. Most recently, he served as the chef de mission for the 2004 games in Athens, Greece. He has also served on the U.S. Olympic Athletes Advisory Council and the U.S. Olympic Overview Commission.As a member of the Fiesta Bowl Board of Directors, he was vice-president in 1996 and chairman in 1998 and 1999.He serves as the board-chair for Syracuse Stage and The Bowerman Advisory Board.

 Honors 
Frazier has received numerous honors, including the NCAA Silver Anniversary Award (Class of 2002), which recognizes "distinguished former student-athletes on their 25th anniversary as college graduates". Frazier was one of 461 athletes to receive a Congressional Gold Medal due to the US boycott of the 1980 Olympics.In 2003 he was cited as one of the 101 Most Influential Minorities in Sports by Sports Illustrated. He was named as one of The 50 Most Powerful African Americans in Sports in the March 2005 issue of Black Enterprise magazine. In 2002, the Herman R. Frazier Political Science Scholarship was established by his friends and colleagues at Arizona State University to "celebrate and honor Mr. Frazier’s lifetime achievements" and award a "deserving political science student."In 2012, Frazier was awarded the Pioneer Award for his role in the 2004 Olympic Games, honoring minority 'first' in athletics, by the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics.On November 5, 2020, Frazier was inducted into the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame.

 Criticism 
Frazier was criticized by some for leaving UAB with a $7.5 million deficit. His supporters noted that he had inherited a deficit and did not receive institutional support, while his detractors claimed that he was ineffective in increasing revenue.On January 8, 2008, Herman Frazier was fired from his position as athletic director at the University of Hawaii following heavy criticism from the fans and media of the State of Hawaii. On March 3, 2007, he was loudly booed by the crowd following the final home game of the University of Hawaii's head basketball coach Riley Wallace.  Frazier is widely viewed as having forced Wallace to resign by including a "no-extension" clause in his final contract. However, Wallace has accepted responsibility by saying, "The bottom line is Riley Wallace signed the contract." Frazier was also criticized by both the media and public for ongoing delays and a perceived lack of integrity in finalizing the full 2007 Hawaii Warriors football team schedule. Frazier admitted that he may have miscalculated in regards to the schedule but stands by his record at Hawaii citing, in part, his balancing of the athletics budget. He inherited a $2.5 million deficit from his predecessor. (Note: It was discovered after Frasier left that the so-called "balanced budget" left the athletic department with an even greater debt hovering around $6 million even after the windfall from the Sugar Bowl.)  Finally, Frazier also received the brunt of the blame for then UH football coach, June Jones, leaving the university for Southern Methodist University.On April 6, 2009, Jim Bolla—who Frazier hired in 2004—was fired as the women's basketball coach for Hawaii after former players complained of a "pattern of verbal abuse" from Bolla.  Former UH player Pamela Tambini told the Honolulu Advertiser that players complained for years about their treatment by Bolla to Frazier but Frazier apparently took no actions.  The paper quoted Tambini stating:  "Everybody knew about it and did nothing about it ... We were going through hell. No student should have had to go through that. It's not fair."

 References 

 External links 
Syracuse Athletics Profile
Arizona State Photographs
1993 Interview with Track & Field News
2016 Video Interview Archived July 31, 2021, at the Wayback Machine

Rafer Johnson
Rafer Lewis Johnson (August 18, 1934 – December 2, 2020) was an American decathlete and film actor. He was the 1960 Olympic gold medalist in the decathlon, having won silver in 1956. He had previously won a gold in the 1955 Pan American Games. He was the USA team's flag bearer at the 1960 Olympics and lit the Olympic cauldron at the Los Angeles Games in 1984.
In 1968, Johnson, football player Rosey Grier, and journalist George Plimpton tackled Sirhan Sirhan moments after he had fatally shot Robert F. Kennedy.
After he retired from athletics, Johnson turned to acting, sportscasting, and public service and was instrumental in creating the California Special Olympics. His acting career included appearances in The Sins of Rachel Cade (1961), the Elvis Presley film Wild in the Country (1961), Pirates of Tortuga (1961), None but the Brave (1965), two Tarzan films with Mike Henry, The Last Grenade (1970), Soul Soldier (1970), Roots: The Next Generations (1979), the James Bond film Licence to Kill (1989), and Think Big (1990).

 Biography 
Johnson was born in Hillsboro, Texas on August 18, 1934. His family moved to Kingsburg, California, when he was aged nine. For a while, they were the only black family in the town. A versatile athlete, he played on Kingsburg High School's football, baseball and basketball teams. He was also elected class president in both junior high and high school. The summer between his sophomore and junior years in high school (age 16), his coach Murl Dodson drove Johnson 24 miles (40 km) to Tulare and watched Bob Mathias compete in the 1952 U.S. Olympic decathlon trials.  Johnson told his coach, "I could have beaten most of those guys." Dodson and Johnson drove back a month later to watch Mathias's victory parade. Weeks later, Johnson competed in a high school invitational decathlon and won the event. He also won the 1953 and 1954 California state high school decathlon meets.In 1954 as a freshman at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), his progress in the event was impressive; he broke the world record in his fourth competition. He pledged Pi Lambda Phi fraternity, America's first non-sectarian fraternity, and was class president at UCLA. In 1955, in Mexico City, he won the title at the Pan American Games.Johnson qualified for both the decathlon and the long jump events for the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. However, he was hampered by an injury and forfeited his place in the long jump. Despite this handicap, he managed to take second place in the decathlon behind compatriot Milt Campbell. It would turn out to be his last defeat in the event.Due to injury, Johnson missed the 1957 and 1959 seasons (the latter due to a car accident), but he broke the world record in 1958 and again in 1960. The crown to his career came at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. His most serious rival was Yang Chuan-Kwang (C. K. Yang) of Taiwan. Yang also studied at UCLA; the two trained together under UCLA track coach Elvin C. "Ducky" Drake and had become friends. In the decathlon, the lead swung back and forth between them. Finally, after nine events, Johnson led Yang by a small margin, but Yang was known to be better in the final event, the 1500 m. According to The Telegraph (UK), "legend has it" that Drake gave coaching to both men, with him advising Johnson to stay close to Yang and be ready for "a hellish sprint" at the end, and advising Yang to put as much distance between himself and Johnson before the final sprint as possible.Johnson ran his personal best at 4:49.7 and finished just 1.2 sec slower than Yang, winning the gold by 58 points with an Olympic record total of 8,392 points. Both athletes were exhausted and drained and came to a stop a few paces past the finish line leaning against each other for support.  With this victory, Johnson ended his athletic career.At UCLA, Johnson also played basketball under legendary coach John Wooden and was a starter for the Bruins on their 1958–59 team. Wooden considered Johnson a great defensive player, but sometimes regretted holding back his teams early in his coaching career, remarking, "imagine Rafer Johnson on the [fast] break."Johnson was selected by the Los Angeles Rams in the 28th round (333rd overall) of the 1959 NFL Draft as a running back.While training for the 1960 Olympics, his friend Kirk Douglas told him about a part in Spartacus that Douglas thought might make him a star: the Ethiopian gladiator Draba, who refuses to kill Spartacus (played by Douglas) after defeating him in a duel. Johnson read for and got the role, but was forced to turn it down because the Amateur Athletic Union told him it would make him a professional and therefore ineligible for the Olympics.  The role eventually went to another UCLA great, Woody Strode. In 1960, Johnson began acting in motion pictures and working as a sportscaster. He made several film appearances, mostly in the 1960s. Johnson worked full-time as a sportscaster in the early 1970s. He was a weekend sports anchor on the local NBC affiliate in Los Angeles, KNBC, but seemed uncomfortable in that position and eventually moved on to other things.Johnson worked on the presidential election campaign of United States Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and on June 5, 1968, with the help of Rosey Grier, he apprehended Sirhan Sirhan immediately after Sirhan had assassinated Kennedy at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, California. Kennedy died the following day at Good Samaritan Hospital. Johnson discussed the experience in his autobiography, The Best That I Can Be (published in 1999 by Galilee Trade Publishing and co-authored with Philip Goldberg).
Johnson served on the organizing committee for the first Special Olympics competition in Chicago in 1968, hosted by Special Olympics founder, Eunice Kennedy Shriver and the next year he led the founding of the California Special Olympics. Johnson, along with a small group of volunteers, founded California Special Olympics in 1969 by conducting a competition at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for 900 individuals with intellectual disabilities. Following the first California Games in 1969, Johnson became one of the original members of the board of directors. The board worked together to raise funds and offer a modest program of swimming and track and field. In 1983, Rafer ran for President of the Board to increase Board participation, reorganize the staff to most effectively use each person's talents, and expand fundraising efforts. He was elected president and served in the capacity until 1992, when he was named chairman of the Board of Governors.

 Family 
Johnson married Elizabeth Thorsen in 1971.  They had two children and four grandchildren.Johnson's brother Jimmy is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame and his daughter Jennifer competed in beach volleyball at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney following her collegiate career at UCLA. His son Joshua Johnson followed his father into track and field and had a podium finish in the javelin throw at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.Johnson participated in the Art of the Olympians program.Rafer Johnson died after suffering a stroke on December 2, 2020, in Sherman Oaks, California. He was 86.

 Achievements 
Johnson was named Sports Illustrated's Sportsman of the Year in 1958 and won the James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States in 1960, breaking that award's color barrier. In 1962, he received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement. He was chosen to ignite the Olympic Flame during the opening ceremonies of the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, becoming the first Black athlete in Olympic history to do so. In 1994, he was elected into the first class of the World Sports Humanitarian Hall of Fame.In 1998, Johnson was named one of ESPN's 100 Greatest North American Athletes of the 20th Century. In 2006, the NCAA named him one of the 100 Most Influential Student Athletes of the past 100 years. On August 25, 2009, Governor Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver announced that Johnson would be one of 13 California Hall of Fame inductees in The California Museum's yearlong exhibit. The induction ceremony was on December 1, 2009, in Sacramento, California. Johnson was a member of The Pigskin Club of Washington, D.C. National Intercollegiate All-American Football Players Honor Roll.Rafer Johnson Junior High School in Kingsburg, California is named in his honor, as are Rafer Johnson Community Day School and Rafer Johnson Children's Center, both in Bakersfield, California. The latter school, which has classes for special education students from the ages of birth-5, also puts on an annual Rafer Johnson Day. Every year Johnson himself spoke at the event and cheered on hundreds of students with special needs as they participated in a variety of track and field events.In 2010, Johnson received the Fernando Award for Civic Accomplishment from the Fernando Foundation and in 2011, he was inducted into the Bakersfield City School District Hall of Fame. Additionally, Rafer acted as the athletic advisor to Dan Guerrero, Director of Athletics at UCLA. He was Inducted into the Texas Track and Field Coaches Hall of Fame, Class of 2016.In November 2014, Johnson received the Athletes in Excellence Award from The Foundation for Global Sports Development, in recognition of his community service efforts and work with youth.In 2005, Johnson was awarded an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters (L.H.D.) degree from Whittier College.

 Filmography 

 Actor 
The Sins of Rachel Cade (1960) – Kosongo. * "Sergeant Rutledge" (1960)- uncredited
Wild in the Country (1961) – Davis
Pirates of Tortuga (1961) – John Gammel
None but the Brave (1965) – Pvt. Johnson
Daniel Boone (1965, TV Series) – Rawls – S2/E4 "My Name Is Rawls"
Tarzan and the Great River (1967) – Barcuma, Afro-Brazilian leader of the Jaguar Cult
Tarzan and the Jungle Boy (1968) – Nagambi, villain who hinders Tarzan's search for the Jungle Boy
The Last Grenade (1970) – Joe Jackson
Soul Soldier (1970) – Pvt. Armstrong
The Games (1970) – Commentator
Mission Impossible (1971) – Jack Tully
Roots: The Next Generations (1979)
Licence to Kill (1989) – Mullens
Think Big (1990) – Johnson

 Production roles 
Billie (1965, technical advisor)
The Black Six (1973, associate producer)

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 
Maraniss, David (2008). Rome 1960: The Olympics That Changed The World. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 978-1-4165-3408-2.
Johnson, Rafer (1998). The Best That I Can Be: An Autobiography. Doubleday. ISBN 0-3854-8760-6.

 External links 
Rafer Johnson at the Team USA Hall of Fame (archive July 20, 2023)
Rafer Johnson at Olympics.com Rafer Johnson at Olympic.org (archived) 
Video clip from 1984 Summer Olympics, including Rafer Johnson lighting the Olympic Flame at Olympic.org
Rafer Johnson at Olympedia 
Rafer Johnson at IMDb 
Rafer Johnson at Find a Grave

Anchabadze
The House of Anchabadze (Georgian: ანჩაბაძე), is a Georgian and Abkhazian family, and the oldest surviving noble house originating in Abkhazia.

 History 
The Anchabadze family is supposed to have its roots in the early medieval ruling dynasty of Abasgia. After the break-up of the Kingdom of Georgia in the late 15th century, Abkhazia came under the influence of the Ottoman Empire and Islam, forcing several members of the family into flight to the eastern Georgian lands – Kartli and Kakheti. Thus, they formed two principal branches: the Abkhazian line of the princes Anchabadze and the Kartlian Machabeli. Both of these families were later integrated into the Imperial Russian princely nobility: Machabeli in 1826 and Anchabadze in 1903.

 Genealogy 
Kaytuk Giorgi Bey, married to Yelizaveta Hanım;
Islam Musa Bey, married to Ayşe Hanım;
Ahmed Rasim Pasha, married firstly to Fatma Neşedil Hanım, an Abkhazian, married secondly to Emine Vuslat Hanım;
Ahmed Refik Bey, married to Fatıma Hanım;
Mihri Hanım, married to Müşfik Selami Bey;
Enise Hanım, married to Salih Bey Asaf;
Hale Asaf;
Refik Hanım;
Ahmed Süheyil Bey;
Emel Nazan Hanım;
Ahmed Melih Bey;
Nezih Bey, married to Alexandra Sibylle Armgard;
Ahmed Selman Bey;
Ahmed Bey, married to Patıma Hanım Eşba;
Ahmed Sami Pasha, married to Fatıma Hanım Mamleeva, daughter of Ismail Bey Mamleeva;
Şükrü Bey, married firstly to Rabia Mümtaz Hanım, married secondly to Neşedil Hanım;
Ahmed Celal Bey, married firstly to Milnigar Hanım, married secondly to Louise Simon;
Adalet Pevizfelek Hanım;
Ayşe Mahizer Hanım;
Fatma Pesend Hanım married to Abdul Hamid II;
Ömer Pasha, married to Ayşe Kemalifer Hanım, second daughter of Mahmud Bey Dziapş-Ipa, and sister of Dürrünev Kadın;
Mehmed Refik Bey, married to Emine Maheşref Hanım, daughter of Osman Bey Eymhaa and Hesan Hanım Çaabalurhva;
Ahmed Bey, married to Esmehan Hanım Geçba, daughter of Eyüb Bey Geçba and Ayşe Gülten Hanım;
Rifat Kemaleddin Bey;
Emine Nurbanu Hidayet Hanım, married to Şehzade Mehmed Burhaneddin, son of Abdul Hamid II;
Leyla Gülefşan Hanım;
Feride Hanım, married to Hasan Bey Eymhaa;
Numan Bey;
Saide Hanım, married to Salih Bey;
Hürrem Hanım, married to Arif Bey Çaçba;
Esma Süreyya Cavidan Hanım, married to Şehzade Yusuf Izzeddin;
Mehmed Bey, married to Şadiye Hanım;
Behiye Nazmelek Hanım, married to Osman Pasha Zevş-Barakay, brother of Nesrin Neşerek Kadın, wife of Abdülaziz;
Azize Haletyar Hanım;
Saliha Verdicenan Kadın, married to Abdulmejid I;
Peremrüz Hanım;
Embruvaz Hanım, married to Adredba Bey;

 See also 
List of Georgian princely families

 References 

 Sources 
Açba, Harun (2007). Kadın efendiler: 1839-1924. Profil. ISBN 978-9-759-96109-1.
Açba, Leyla (2004). Bir Çerkes prensesinin harem hatıraları. L & M. ISBN 978-9-756-49131-7.
Tuna, Mahinur (2007). İlk Türk kadın ressam: Mihri Rasim (Müşfik) Açba : 1886 İstanbul-1954 New-York. As Yayın. ISBN 978-9-750-17250-2.

South African Sheepdog Association
The South African Sheepdog Association (SASDA) is an association responsible for organising and controlling sheepdog related activities in South Africa. This involves overseeing the competitions (sheepdog trials) that are held by regional clubs during the year and maintaining the stud book to manage the registration of sheepdogs in South Africa. It also works with the regional clubs in an effort to further the spread of interest in sheepdogs as useful working resources in the life of the stock farmer and to encourage handlers to participate in competition. Competition is seen as a way to maintain the standard of breeding and training of working sheepdogs.

 History 
The South African Sheepdog Association was established in 1961 when a group of farmers in the Karoo came together to discuss the future of the sheepdog in South Africa. The inaugural meeting, with 13 members present, was held at Union High School in Graaff Reinet and Mr Bun Kingwill was elected as the first president of the association.
During the South African championship of that year, "Tess" of Mr Billy Kingwill became the first South African champion under the watchful eye of the judge, Mr Henry Hartzenberg of Graaff Reinet.
Since the inauguration of SASDA a South African championship has been held each year.
Over time the course has also changed, to upgrade the standard and difficulty to improve the dog's working ability. In the beginning the course was very much like the ones used in Australia but gradually changed to the English version.
The current course with the double lift, which has been implemented in 2001, has been taken over virtually as is from the one used for the international championship in the United Kingdom and in so doing putting South African dogs and handlers on the same foot as their overseas counterparts.
Through the years the South African Sheepdog Association still strives toward its main objective – to introduce farmers and other interested people to sheepdogs as a labour saving force. This is done through demonstrations and courses, as well as competitions, where breeding success is tested and the best breeding material selected according to working ability.
The previous logo appears on the right.

 Structure 
The association is made up of a number of regional clubs, loosely based on the provinces and regions of South Africa, together with a central office responsible for the maintenance of the registration of dogs and breeders.

 Competition 

 Dog of the Year 
Each club typically holds one trial a year. They normally run for two to three days and are usually arranged in such a way as to give each dog at least two opportunities to compete. Trials that comply with certain standards, including a minimum entry, will be able to advertise as 'Dog of the Year' (DOY) trials. Competitors taking part in these trials will be able to accumulate points towards the DOY competition.

 Nationals 
Once a year a national trial is held. It is generally referred to as 'The Nationals'. Handlers all compete on the same trial field on an equal footing and after a number of rounds the most successful dog is awarded the title of National Champion. At the same event the dog that has accumulated the most points at 'Dog of the Year' trials since the last Nationals competition is awarded the title of South Africa Dog of the Year.

 Categories 
During club competition dogs compete in three different categories: juniors, seniors and top dogs. Juniors don't do the more challenging tests of skill like shedding and must win a junior trial to qualify for seniors. To qualify for top dogs a dog must win a senior competition and attain a score of at least 90% of the points on offer on the same run. The course for top dogs is more of a test. It includes narrow drive gates and may include a double lift or some other additional test.

 Beginners 
Most club trials include a further category: beginners. Any dog can compete in a beginner competition. To qualify for beginner the handler must have never competed in any other trial category. This category was introduced to encourage novices to become part of the family of competitors.

 International Links 
SASDA have tried to maintain links with similar organisations in other countries. Over the years several experienced handlers from England, Wales, Scotland and the USA have been invited to come and judge important trials, most often the Nationals. The 2006 Nationals were judged by Dick Roper from England. Most international judges invited to travel to judge trials are also invited to run workshops to encourage the sharing of ideas.
South African dogs are not allowed to compete in Europe without first completing six months of quarantine but South African dogs have competed in the USA. In 2005 Faansie Basson and Wally Ward represented South Africa in the USA. At the Meeker Classic Faansie Basson finished 8th in the final with Lad.
Handlers have brought dogs from Europe to compete in South Africa in the past. To do this, before they travel to South Africa, they need to arrange to sell the dogs they bring to local handlers after the competition so that they can leave them behind when they leave.
Occasionally handlers from neighbouring countries will compete in regional trials although this is more the exception than the rule.

 See also 
Herding dog
Working dog
International Sheep Dog Society

 External references 
Official website
International Sheep Dog Society Website

 References 

Caitlyn Jenner
Caitlyn Marie Jenner (born William Bruce Jenner; October 28, 1949; known as Bruce Jenner until 2015) is an American media personality and former Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete.
Jenner played college football for the Graceland Yellowjackets before incurring a knee injury that required surgery. Convinced by Olympic decathlete Jack Parker's coach, L. D. Weldon, to try the decathlon, Jenner had a six-year decathlon career, culminating in winning the men's decathlon event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, setting a third successive world record and gaining fame as "an all-American hero". Jenner established a career in television, film, writing, auto racing, business, and as a Playgirl cover model.Jenner has six children with three successive wives – Chrystie Crownover, Linda Thompson, and Kris Jenner – and from 2007 to 2021 appeared on the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians with Kris, their daughters Kendall and Kylie Jenner, as well as Kris's other children from her previous marriage, Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, and Rob Kardashian.
Jenner publicly came out as a trans woman in April 2015, announcing her new name in July of that year. From 2015 to 2016, she starred in the reality television series I Am Cait, which focused on her gender transition. At the time of her coming out, she had been called the most famous trans woman in the world. Jenner is a transgender rights activist, although her views on transgender issues have been criticized by many other LGBTQ+ activists.A member of the Republican Party, Jenner ran as a replacement candidate in the 2021 California gubernatorial recall election. The recall failed, and she only received one percent of the vote, finishing in 13th place among the candidates running to replace governor Gavin Newsom. Six months after the election, Jenner was hired by Fox News as an on-air contributor.

 Early life 
Caitlyn Marie Jenner was born on October 28, 1949, in Mount Kisco, New York, as William Bruce Jenner, and was known as Bruce until June 2015. Her parents are Esther Ruth (née McGuire) and William Hugh Jenner, who was an arborist originally from New Brunswick, Canada. She is of English, Scottish, Irish, Dutch, and Welsh descent. Her younger brother, Burt, was killed in a car accident in Canton, Connecticut, on November 30, 1976, shortly after Jenner's success at the Olympic Games. As a child, Jenner was diagnosed with dyslexia.Jenner attended Sleepy Hollow High School in Sleepy Hollow, New York, for her freshman and sophomore years and Newtown High School in Newtown, Connecticut, for her junior and senior years, graduating in 1968. Jenner earned a football scholarship and attended Graceland College (now Graceland University) in Lamoni, Iowa, but was forced to stop playing football because of a knee injury. Recognizing Jenner's potential, Graceland track coach L. D. Weldon encouraged Jenner to switch to the decathlon. Jenner debuted as a decathlete in 1970 in the Drake Relays decathlon in Des Moines, Iowa, finishing in fifth place. Jenner graduated from Graceland College in 1973 with a degree in physical education.

 Decathlon career 

 Early career 
At the 1972 U.S. Olympic Trials at Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon, Jenner was eleventh after the first day in the men's decathlon, and climbed to fifth behind Steve Gough and Andrew Pettes with one event remaining on the Fourth of July. Needing to make up a 19-second gap on Gough in the 1500 meters, Jenner qualified for the Olympic team by finishing first, 22 seconds ahead of the others. This prompted the Eugene Register-Guard to ask: "Who's Jenner?" Following the trials, Jenner was tenth in the decathlon at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. By watching Soviet Mykola Avilov win the event, Jenner was inspired to start an intense training regimen. "For the first time, I knew what I wanted out of life and that was it, and this guy has it. I literally started training that night at midnight, running through the streets of Munich, Germany, training for the Games. I trained that day on through the 1976 Games, 6–8 hours a day, every day, 365 days a year."After graduating from Graceland, Jenner married girlfriend Chrystie Crownover and moved to San Jose, California. Crownover provided most of the family income as a flight attendant for United Airlines. Jenner trained during the day and sold insurance at night, earning US$9,000 a year. In the era before professional athletes were allowed to compete in Olympic sports, this kind of training was unheard of. On the other hand, Soviet athletes were state sponsored, which gave them an advantage over amateur American athletes. During this period, Jenner trained at the San Jose City College (SJCC) and San Jose State University (SJSU) tracks. San Jose athletics centered on SJCC coach Bert Bonanno; at that time, the city was a hotbed for training and was called the "Track Capital of the World". Many other aspiring Olympic athletes also trained at San Jose; the list included Millard Hampton, Andre Phillips, John Powell, Mac Wilkins, and Al Feuerbach. Jenner's best events were on day two of the decathlon: hurdles, discus, pole vault, javelin, and 1500 meters.

 Olympic success 
Jenner was the American champion in the men's decathlon event in 1974, and was featured on the cover of Track & Field News magazine's August 1974 issue. While on tour in 1975, Jenner won the French national championship, and a gold medal at the 1975 Pan American Games, setting the tournament record with 8,045 points. This was followed by world records of 8,524 points at the U.S.A./U.S.S.R./Poland triangular meet in Eugene, Oregon, on August 9–10, 1975, breaking Avilov's record, and 8,538 points at the 1976 Olympic trials, also in Eugene. The second Eugene record was a hybrid score because of a timing system failure and it was wind aided. Still, Jenner was proud of "A nice little workout, huh?"

We got what we wanted. We scared the hell out of everybody in the world only a month away from the Games.
Of the 13 decathlons Jenner competed in between 1973 and 1976, the only loss was at the 1975 AAU National Championships, when a "no height" in the pole vault marred the score.At the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal, Jenner achieved personal bests in all five events on the first day of the men's decathlon – a "home run" – despite being in second place behind Guido Kratschmer of West Germany. Jenner was confident: "The second day has all my good events. If everything works out all right, we should be ahead after it's all over." Following a rainstorm on the second day, Jenner watched teammate Fred Dixon get injured in the 110 meter hurdles and so adopted a cautious approach to the hurdles and discus, then had personal bests in the pole vault, when Jenner took the lead, and javelin. At that point, victory was virtually assured, and it remained to be seen by how much Jenner would improve the record. In the final event – the 1500 meters, which was seen live on national television – Jenner looked content to finish the long competition. Jenner sprinted the last lap, making up a 50-meter deficit and nearly catching the event favorite, Soviet Leonid Litvinenko, who was already well out of contention for the gold medal, and whose personal best had been eight seconds better than Jenner's personal best before the race. Jenner set a new personal best time and won the gold medal with a world-record score of 8,618 points.Olympic world record performance:

 Impact 
After the event, Jenner took an American flag from a spectator and carried it during the victory lap, starting a tradition that became common among winning athletes. Abandoning the vaulting poles in the stadium, with no intention of ever competing again, Jenner stated that: "In 1972, I made the decision that I would go four years and totally dedicate myself to what I was doing, and then I would move on after it was over with. I went into that competition knowing that would be the last time I would ever do this." She explained, "It hurts every day when you practice hard. Plus, when this decathlon is over, I got the rest of my life to recuperate. Who cares how bad it hurts?"Jenner became a national hero and received the James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States. Jenner was named the Associated Press Male Athlete of the Year in 1976.Jenner's 1976 world and Olympic record was broken by four points by Daley Thompson at the 1980 Olympics in Moscow. In 1985, Jenner's Olympic decathlon score was reevaluated against the IAAF's updated decathlon scoring table and was reported as 8,634 for comparative purposes. This converted mark stood as the American record until 1991, when it was surpassed by eventual gold medalist, and world record holder, Dan O'Brien of Dan & Dave fame. As of 2018, Jenner was ranked twenty-sixth on the world all-time list and ninth on the American all-time list.Jenner was inducted into the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1980, the Olympic Hall of Fame in 1986, the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame and the Connecticut Sports Hall of Fame in 1994, and the San Jose Sports Hall of Fame in 2010. For almost 20 years, San Jose City College hosted an annual Bruce Jenner Invitational competition.

 International competitions 

 National events 
1972 United States Olympic Trials:  (7846 pts)
1973 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships: 5th (7617 pts)
1974 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships:  (8245 pts)
1975 French Athletics Championships:  (8058 pts)
1976 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships:  (8542 pts)
1976 United States Olympic Trials:  (8538 pts)

 Personal records 
All information from IAAF
100 meters – 10.94 s (1976)
400 meters – 47.51 s (1976)
1500 meters – 4:12.61 min:sec (1976)
110 meters hurdles – 14.84 s (1976)
High jump – 2.03 m (6.7 ft) (1976)
Pole vault – 4.80 m (15.7 ft) (1976)
Long jump – 7.22 m (23.7 ft) (1976)
Shot put – 15.35 m (50.4 ft) (1976)
Discus throw – 50.04 m (164.2 ft) (1976)
Javelin throw (old) - 68.52 m (224.8 ft) (1976)
Decathlon – 8634 pts (1976)

 Post-Olympic career 

 Capitalizing on Olympic fame 
In the 1970s, Olympic athletes were considered to be amateurs and were not allowed to seek or accept payment for their positions as sports celebrities. During the Cold War in 1972, three major Olympic titles that had a long history of American success – basketball, the 100-meter dash, and decathlon – were won by Soviet athletes. All Soviet athletes were professionals, while the United States was limited to amateurs. Jenner became an American hero by returning the decathlon title to the United States. "After the Games were over," Jenner said, "I happened to be the right guy, at that right place, at that right time." Tony Kornheiser of The New York Times wrote that along with their wife, Chrystie, Jenner was "so high up on the pedestal of American heroism, it would take a crane to get them down."After the expected Olympic success, Jenner planned to cash in on whatever celebrity status could follow a gold medal in the same mold as Johnny Weissmuller and Sonja Henie, who had become major movie stars following their gold medals. This would require forgoing any future Olympic competition. At the time, Jenner's agent George Wallach felt there was a four-year window – until the next Olympics – upon which to capitalize. Wallach reported that Jenner was being considered for the role of Superman, which ultimately went to Christopher Reeve. "I really don't know how many offers we have", Wallach claimed. "There are still unopened telegrams back at the hotel and you just can't believe the offers that poured in during the first two days."Jenner appeared on the cover of the August 9, 1976, issue of Sports Illustrated, the February 1979 issue of Gentleman's Quarterly, and on the cover of Playgirl magazine. Jenner became a spokesperson for Tropicana, Minolta, and Buster Brown shoes. Jenner was also selected by the Kansas City Kings with the 139th overall pick in the seventh round of the 1977 NBA draft despite not having played basketball since high school. The publicity stunt was executed by team president/general manager Joe Axelson to mock the Kansas City Chiefs' yearly claims that they planned on selecting "the best athlete available" in the National Football League Draft. Jenner was presented with a jersey customized with the number 8618, the Olympic gold medal-winning score, but would never appear as an active player with the Kings.

 Wheaties spokesperson 

In 1977, Jenner became a spokesperson for Wheaties brand breakfast cereal and appeared in a photograph on the cover of the cereal box. After taking over from Olympic champion Bob Richards, Jenner was second in a succession of athletes featured as spokespersons for the brand. Mary Lou Retton succeeded Jenner in 1984.On November 22, 1977, Jenner went to San Francisco to refute charges filed by San Francisco district attorney Joseph Freitas that General Mills, the maker of Wheaties, had engaged in deceptive advertising in its campaign that featured Jenner. Jenner liked Wheaties and ate the breakfast cereal two or three times a week, which supported the advertising campaign's claims. Two days later, Freitas withdrew the suit, saying that it was "a case of overzealousness" on the part of his staff.When Jenner came out as a trans woman in 2015, General Mills stated that: "Bruce Jenner continues to be a respected member of Team Wheaties." After a negative response to this initial statement, Mike Siemienas, General Mills's brand media relations manager, clarified it by saying: "Bruce Jenner has been a respected member of Team Wheaties, and Caitlyn Jenner will continue to be."

 Television and film career 
Jenner began television appearances in the mid-1970s, both as herself and in character roles. One of Jenner's first recurring television roles was as a co-host of the short-lived daytime talk and variety series America Alive! in 1978. The comedy Can't Stop the Music (1980) was Jenner's first film appearance. She starred in the made-for-TV movies The Golden Moment: An Olympic Love Story (1980) and Grambling's White Tiger (1981). During the 1981–1982 season, Jenner became a semi-regular cast member in the police series CHiPs, guest-starring as Officer Steve McLeish for six episodes, substituting for star Erik Estrada, who was locked in a contract dispute with NBC and MGM. Jenner also appeared in an episode of the sitcom Silver Spoons called "Trouble with Words", wherein her personal issues with dyslexia were revealed in a storyline about a recurring teenage character with the same problem.
Jenner appeared in the series Learn to Read and in the video games Olympic Decathlon (1981) and Bruce Jenner's World Class Decathlon (1996). The "hero shot", the finish of the final event of the 1976 Olympic decathlon, and the Wheaties cover, were parodied by John Belushi on Saturday Night Live, endorsing "Little Chocolate Donuts". In 1989, Jenner played herself in the comedy short Dirty Tennis written by James Van Patten.
Jenner has appeared in a variety of game shows and reality television programs, including starring with Grits Gresham in an episode of The American Sportsman. In the early 1990s, Jenner was the host of an infomercial for a stair-climbing exercise machine called the Stair Climber Plus.In January 2002, Jenner participated in an episode of the American series The Weakest Link, featuring Olympic athletes. In February and March 2003, Jenner was part of the cast of the American series I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!. She made a cameo appearance in a season-three episode of The Apprentice, which aired in May 2005. She also partnered with Tai Babilonia for Skating with Celebrities in a series that aired January – March 2006 (they were eliminated during the fifth of seven episodes), served as a guest judge on Pet Star on Animal Planet. In November 2010, a photograph of Jenner was shown in a janitor's resume in an episode of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.Additional television and talk show appearances by Jenner include: Nickelodeon's made-for-TV film Gym Teacher: The Movie as well as episodes of Murder, She Wrote, the Lingo Olympic Winners episode, and talk shows such as Hannity and season 1, episode 21 of The Bonnie Hunt Show in 2008.Since late 2007, Jenner has starred in the E! reality series Keeping Up with the Kardashians along with wife Kris Jenner, stepchildren Kourtney, Kimberley, Khloé, and Rob Kardashian (from Kris's marriage to attorney Robert Kardashian), and daughters Kylie and Kendall for 160 episodes.
In 2011, Jenner appeared in the Adam Sandler comedy Jack and Jill in a scene with Al Pacino as an actor in a play. Like Can't Stop the Music, the film won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture and swept every Razzie category.In September 2016, Jenner appeared as herself on the Amazon Prime TV series Transparent in a dream sequence during the season three episode "To Sardines and Back".In November 2019, it was announced that Jenner would be participating in the nineteenth season of the British version of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! after having previously appeared on the American iteration in 2003. Jenner ultimately placed sixth in the competition.In 2021, Jenner appeared as a contestant on the fifth season of The Masked Singer as the "Phoenix". She was the second contestant to be unmasked and the first of Group B. In addition, she also holds the distinction as the show's first transgender contestant. That same year, Jenner also appeared in the Australian version of Big Brother VIP. In 2022 she joined Fox News as an on-air contributor.

 Motorsports career 
Jenner had a short career as a race car driver in the IMSA Camel GT series (International Motor Sports Association) in the 1980s. Jenner's first victory came in the 1986 12 hours of Sebring in the IMSA GTO class driving the 7-Eleven Roush Racing Ford Mustang with co-driver Scott Pruett. The pair won their class and finished 4th overall in the 12-hour endurance race. 1986 was also the most successful year of Jenner's career, finishing second in the championship to Pruett. Jenner commented, "I was a lot more badass runner than I was a driver."Jenner also competed in the Toyota Pro/Celebrity Race at the Grand Prix of Long Beach, winning in 1979 and 1982. The former win came after holding off Al Unser, while the latter saw Jenner pass Ted Nugent with two laps remaining. In 1980, Jenner was contacted by NASCAR Winston Cup Series team DiGard Motorsports about driving the No. 88 car for the 1981 season; although Jenner expressed interest, Ricky Rudd was ultimately hired for the seat.In 2022, Jenner founded Jenner Racing, a team in the all-female W Series open-wheel championship.

 Business 
Jenner had licensed her previous name for Bruce Jenner's Westwood Centers for Nautilus & Aerobics in the early 1980s to David A. Cirotto, president of other local Nautilus & Aerobics Centers. She had no ownership in the licensed name centers, which were solely owned by Cirotto. Jenner's company, Bruce Jenner Aviation, sells aircraft supplies to executives and corporations. Jenner was the business development vice president for a staffing industry software application known as JennerNet, which was based on Lotus Domino technology.In March 2016, Jenner announced that she had been chosen as the face of H&M Sport. Later that year, H&M created a six-minute film featuring Jenner, called Caitlyn Jenner's Greatest Victories: A Timeline.

 Personal life 

 Marriages 
Prior to her gender transition, Jenner had been married three times, first to Chrystie Scott (née Crownover) from 1972 to 1981. They have two children, son Burt and daughter Cassandra "Casey" Marino (née Jenner). Jenner and Scott's divorce was finalized the first week of January 1981.On January 5, 1981, Jenner married songwriter Linda Thompson in Hawaii. They have two sons together, Brandon and Brody. By February 1986, Jenner and Thompson had separated and subsequently divorced. Their sons later starred on the reality show The Princes of Malibu, and Brody appeared in the reality show The Hills.On April 21, 1991, Jenner married Kris Kardashian (née Houghton) after five months of dating. They have two daughters, Kendall and Kylie. While married, Jenner was also the step-parent to Kris's children from her previous marriage – Kourtney, Kim, Khloé and Rob – who star in Keeping Up with the Kardashians. The couple separated in June 2013, but the separation was not publicly announced until four months later, in October. Kris filed for divorce in September 2014, citing irreconcilable differences. Their divorce terms were finalized in December 2014 and went into effect on March 23, 2015, as mandated by a state legal requirement for a six-months delay after the filing.

 Fatal car collision 
In February 2015, Jenner was involved in a fatal multiple-vehicle collision on the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, California. Kim Howe, an animal rights activist and actress, was killed when Jenner's SUV ran into Howe's car. Accounts of the sequence of collisions have varied, as have the number of people injured.Prosecutors declined to file criminal charges, but three civil lawsuits were filed against Jenner by Howe's stepchildren and drivers of other cars involved in the collision. Jessica Steindorff, a Hollywood agent who was hit by Howe's car, settled her case in December 2015. Howe's stepchildren settled their case in January 2016. Financial details were not disclosed in either case.

 Gender transition 

 Coming out as a transgender woman 
In a 20/20 television interview with Diane Sawyer in April 2015, Jenner came out as a trans woman, saying that she had dealt with gender dysphoria since her youth and that, "for all intents and purposes, I'm a woman." Jenner wore women's clothing for many years and took hormone replacement therapy but stopped after her romance with Kris Kardashian became more serious, leading to marriage in 1991. Jenner recounts having permission to explore her gender identity on her travels but not when they were coupled, and not knowing the best way to talk about the many issues contributed to the deterioration of the 23-year-long marriage, which ended formally in 2015.In 2015, Jenner said that she has never been sexually attracted to men, but always to women, and that, given the difficulty that many people have understanding the difference between sexual orientation and gender identity, she would identify as asexual for the time being. Jenner underwent cosmetic surgery and completed sex reassignment surgery in January 2017.

 Media attention 
In June 2015, Jenner debuted her new name and image, and began publicly using feminine pronoun self-descriptors. Jenner held a renaming ceremony in July 2015, adopting the name Caitlyn Marie Jenner. Before her 20/20 interview, a two-part special titled Keeping Up with the Kardashians: About Bruce was filmed with the family in which she answered questions, and prepared her children for the personal and public aspects of the transition. In the special, which aired in May 2015, the point was emphasized that there is no one right way to transition. Jenner made it a priority to ensure that all her children were independent first before focusing on her transition. In September 2015, her name was legally changed to Caitlyn Marie Jenner and her gender to female.Jenner's announcement that she is transgender came at an unprecedented time for trans visibility, including legislative initiatives. The 20/20 interview had 20.7 million viewers, making it television's "highest-ever rated newsmagazine telecast among adults 18–49 and adults 25–54". The Daily Beast wrote that Jenner's honesty, vulnerability, and fame may have caused "cheap jokes" about trans people to "seem mean to a mainstream audience on an unprecedented scale". Noting the shift in how comedians treated Jenner's transition, The Daily Beast saw the change as the same evolution that took place in acceptance of LGBT people as a whole when "comedians finally cross the critical threshold from mockery to creativity in their joke-telling".Jenner's emerging gender identity was revealed in a Vanity Fair interview written by Buzz Bissinger. Annie Leibovitz photographed the cover, the magazine's first to feature an openly transgender woman, which was captioned "Call me Caitlyn". Using her Twitter handle, @Caitlyn_Jenner, she tweeted: "I'm so happy after such a long struggle to be living my true self. Welcome to the world Caitlyn. Can't wait for you to get to know her/me." Time magazine declared this tweet the tenth most retweeted tweet of 2015, based on retweets of tweets by verified users from January 1 to November 10 of that year. Jenner amassed over one million Twitter followers in four hours and three minutes, setting a new Guinness World Record and surpassing United States President Barack Obama, who, a month before, accomplished the same feat in four hours and fifty-two minutes. Four days later Jenner was up to 2.37 million followers, with another 1.5 million followers on Instagram.Jenner was also mocked. Beginning in September 2015, she was depicted on the satirical American animated program South Park, which parodied her supporters' political correctness, as well as her driving record. The Jenner-related episodes were "Stunning and Brave", "Where My Country Gone?", "Sponsored Content", "Truth and Advertising" and "PC Principal Final Justice" from the show's 19th season.In April 2016 during the Republican presidential primaries, Jenner became an exemplar for candidate Donald Trump's opposition to North Carolina's Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, with Trump saying that Jenner could use any restroom of her choosing at his Trump Tower property. Jenner soon posted a video showing that she had taken Trump up on his offer. She thanked Trump and assured Trump's adversary Ted Cruz that "nobody got molested".In June 2016, Jenner was one of several celebrities depicted using synthetic nude "sleeping" bodies for the video of Kanye West's song "Famous". Later that month, an episode of Epic Rap Battles of History was released featuring Jenner, as Bruce (portrayed by Peter Shukoff) and then Caitlyn (portrayed by transgender rapper Jolie "NoShame" Drake), rap battling against Bruce Banner (portrayed by Lloyd Ahlquist) then The Hulk (portrayed by Mike O'Hearn).

 Reception 

 General 
In August 2015, Jenner won the Social Media Queen award at the Teen Choice Awards. In October 2015, Glamour magazine named her one of its 25 Glamour Women of the Year, calling her a "Trans Champion." In November 2015, Jenner was listed as one of Entertainment Weekly's 2015 Entertainers of the Year. In December 2015, she was named Barbara Walters' Most Fascinating Person of 2015. Also in that month, she was listed on Time magazine's eight-person shortlist for the 2015 Person of the Year, and Bing released its list of the year's "Most Searched Celebrities", which Jenner was at the top of, and declared Jenner's Vanity Fair cover the second in a list of "top celeb moments of 2015." She was the second most searched-for person on Google in 2015. In April 2016, she was listed in the Time 100. In June 2016, Jenner became the first openly transgender person to be featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated. The cover and associated story marked the 40th anniversary of her winning the 1976 Summer Olympics decathlon.Feminist author Germaine Greer called Glamour magazine's decision to award Jenner with a "Woman of the Year" award misogynistic, questioning whether a transgender woman could be better than "someone who is just born a woman." Jenner also received criticism from individuals such as actress Rose McGowan, for stating – in a BuzzFeed interview –  that the hardest part about being a woman "is figuring out what to wear". McGowan argued: "We are more than deciding what to wear. We are more than the stereotypes foisted upon us by people like you. You're a woman now? Well fucking learn that we have had a VERY different experience than your life of male privilege." McGowan later stated that she was not transphobic, and added: "Disliking something a trans person has said is no different than disliking something a man has said or that a woman has said. Being trans doesn't make one immune from criticism."Chris Mandle of The Independent stated: "Jenner has gone on to inspire countless men and women, but her comments, which were made after she was celebrated at Glamour magazine's Women Of The Year in New York were branded 'offensive and insulting'." He added: "People began tweeting the other, harder things women have to deal with, such as institutionalized oppression, abuse, and sexual assault". James Smith, husband of Moira Smith, the only female New York Police Department officer to die on September 11, 2001, returned Moira's "Woman of the Year" award, given posthumously. Referring to Jenner as a man, he stated that he found Glamour giving Jenner the same award insulting to Moira's memory, and referred to the matter as a publicity stunt. Smith later said that having supported transgender youth and Glamour's decision to honor transgender actress Laverne Cox in 2014, he did not object because Jenner is transgender; he objected to Jenner's "hardest part about being a woman" commentary; this proved to him that Jenner "is not truly a woman. I believe this comment and others he has made trivializes the transgender experience as I have witnessed it."Conversely, Adrienne Tam of The Daily Telegraph argued that Jenner deserved the Glamour award, stating: "What McGowan failed to take into consideration was the jesting manner in which Jenner spoke." Tam said:

[Jenner] also immediately followed up her "what women wear" dilemma with: It's more than that. I'm kind of at this point in my life where I'm trying to figure this womanhood thing out. It is more than hair, makeup, clothes, all that kind of stuff. There's an element here that I'm still kind of searching for. And I think that'll take a while. Because I think as far as gender, we're all on a journey. We're all learning and growing about ourselves. And I feel the same way.
Tam considered McGowan's criticism to be over the top, and stated of James Smith's criticism, "The salient point here is one about courage. We easily recognize physical courage such as saving orphans from burning buildings, or ordinary people putting their lives in the line of fire. It is far harder to recognize mental courage." She added: "Without a doubt, the police officer who died in the September 11 attacks was courageous. But so is Jenner. It's a different kind of courage, but it is courage nonetheless."

 LGBT community 
Since coming out as a trans woman in 2015, Jenner has been called the most famous openly transgender woman in the world. She is also one of the most recognized LGBT people in the world and arguably the most famous LGBT athlete. Jenner said that her visibility was partly to bring attention to gender dysphoria, violence against trans women, and other transgender issues. She also sought to promote more informed discussion of LGBT issues. She signed with Creative Artists Agency's speakers department and will collaborate with the CAA Foundation on a philanthropic strategy focusing on LGBT issues. She made a private appearance at the Los Angeles LGBT Center in June 2015, where she spoke with trans youth.
Jenner received the Arthur Ashe Courage Award during the 2015 ESPY Awards in July 2015. ESPN executive producer Maura Mandt said Jenner was given the award because "she has shown the courage to embrace a truth that had been hidden for years, and to embark on a journey that may not only give comfort to those facing similar circumstances but can also help to educate people on the challenges that the transgender community faces." She is the third consecutive openly LGBT person to receive the award following footballer Michael Sam (2014) and anchorwoman Robin Roberts (2013).In October, Jenner presented the Point Foundation's Horizon Award to television producers Rhys Ernst (of the show Transparent) and Zach Zyskowski (of the show Becoming Us). This was her second public speaking engagement after her gender transition.In November, Jenner was listed as one of the nine runners-up for The Advocate's Person of the Year. That month she was also listed as one of the Out100 of 2015, with Out magazine calling her the "Newsmaker of the Year." On International Human Rights Day, Jenner discussed transgender rights with Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. In 2016, Jenner was on the cover of The Advocate's February/March issue.MAC Cosmetics collaborated with Jenner on a lipstick, called Finally Free, which was made available for purchase on April 8, 2016, with MAC stating, "100% of the selling price goes to the MAC AIDS Fund Transgender Initiative, to further its work in support of transgender communities." Also in April 2016, Jenner was listed as No. 8 on Out magazine's Power 50 list. In May 2016, her interview with Diane Sawyer in 2015 won Outstanding TV Journalism – Newsmagazine at the GLAAD Media Awards.In 2021, Jenner's decision to run for governor of California was met with pushback from many LGBT activists and trans people, with activists criticizing Jenner for her views on transgender issues and support for the Republican Party. Katelyn Burns of Vox said, "Jenner's politics and controversial existence as a self-professed trans advocate has long put trans Americans in a double bind, forcing them to defend her from transphobic attacks while deploring her political views." This decision became even more controversial following Jenner's opposition to trans girls in girls' sports, with some advocates saying that Jenner "did not represent the broader LGBT community".In 2022, Jenner said that trans swimmer Lia Thomas was not the "rightful winner" of the NCAA Division I women's 500-yard freestyle event, adding "It's not transphobic or anti-trans, it's COMMON SENSE!"

 Show and memoir 

Jenner's gender transition is the subject of I Am Cait, initially an eight-part TV documentary series, which premiered on E! in July 2015 to an audience of 2.7 million viewers. Jenner is an executive producer of the show. The show focuses on Jenner's transition and how it affects her relationships with her family and friends. The show also explores how Jenner adjusts to what she sees as her job as a role model for the transgender community. In October 2015, the show was renewed for a second season, which premiered on March 6, 2016. The show tied for Outstanding Reality Program at the GLAAD Media Awards in 2016.Jenner's memoir, The Secrets of My Life, was published on April 25, 2017.

 Politics 
Jenner leans towards political conservatism and is a Republican. She describes herself as socially liberal and fiscally conservative. "I have gotten more flak for being a conservative Republican than I have for being trans", she has said. Although stopping short of an endorsement, Jenner said she liked Ted Cruz in the 2016 Republican presidential primaries. On her reality show I Am Cait, Jenner said that although she does not support Donald Trump, she thinks he would be good for women's issues; she then stated she would never support Hillary Clinton. Jenner said she voted for Trump in the 2016 presidential election, although according to Politico, voter records show she never cast a ballot in the election.In February 2017, President Trump rescinded federal requirements giving transgender students the right to choose the school restroom matching their gender identity. In response, Jenner tweeted "Well @realDonaldTrump, from one Republican to another, this is a disaster. You made a promise to protect the LGBTQ community. Call me."In April 2017, Jenner said she was in favor of same-sex marriage.In July 2017, Jenner announced that she was contemplating running in the 2018 race for the U.S. Senate to represent California. Later in the month, she condemned Trump for issuing an order to reinstate a ban on transgender people from serving in the military. In her tweet, she wrote "What happened to your promise to fight for them?", juxtaposing it with Trump's tweet from June 2016 in which he promised to fight for the LGBT community.In October 2018, Jenner withdrew her support of Donald Trump; she felt "that the trans community was relentlessly attacked by [Trump]", contrary to her expectations. Her reversal came after a Trump administration proposal to restrict the legal definition of a person's gender to that assigned at birth.In September 2021, Jenner supported the Texas Heartbeat Act which made all post-six-week abortions illegal. She told CNN: “I'm for a woman’s right to choose. I am also for a state having the ability to make their own laws.” The bill had incurred widespread criticism.

 2021 California gubernatorial recall election 
In early April 2021, it was reported that Jenner was considering running for Governor of California in the 2021 recall gubernatorial election as a Republican. Later in the month on April 23, Jenner announced her run for governor.In May 2021, during her run, Jenner stated in an interview with TMZ that trans girls should not be allowed to compete in girls' sports at school, backing Republican Party views on transgender people in sports.  Jenner reiterated her views on Twitter the next day, stating that "it's an issue of fairness and we need to protect girls' sports in our schools." She has been criticized by many transgender rights advocates who do not see her as an asset to their cause.In her pitch to voters, Jenner has likened herself to Donald Trump, calling herself a "disrupter" like Trump.During the campaign, Jenner left the United States, going to Australia in order to compete on that country's television series Big Brother VIP. Although invited to take part in candidate debates, she did not participate. Jenner fought Governor Gavin Newsom in court to prevent the California Secretary of State from placing Newsom's party affiliation on the ballot, and won the legal battle.Jenner ended up in 13th place with 75,215 votes, which was one percent of the votes cast for replacement candidates.

 See also 
History of transgender people in the United States
List of athletes on Wheaties boxes
List of transgender people

 References 

 External links 

Official website 
Caitlyn Jenner at IMDb
Bruce Jenner at World Athletics 
Bruce Jenner at the USATF Hall of Fame
Bruce Jenner at the Team USA Hall of Fame (archive July 20, 2023)
Bruce Jenner at Olympedia 
William Bruce Jenner at Olympics.com

Scooter Braun
Scott Samuel "Scooter" Braun ( BRAWN; born June 18, 1981) is an American entrepreneur, record executive, and the CEO of HYBE-America, the North American subsidiary of the South Korean entertainment company Hybe Corporation. He has managed the careers of artists including Justin Bieber, Kanye West, Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato, J Balvin, Ozuna, Dan + Shay, and The Kid Laroi. He is also the co-founder of TQ Ventures, Mythos Studios, and RBMG Records and the co-owner of esports team 100 Thieves.

 Early life 
Braun was born in New York City to Conservative Jewish parents, Ervin and Susan (née Schlussel) Braun. Following the Holocaust, Ervin's parents lived in Hungary until 1956, when they immigrated to the United States. Ervin grew up in Queens, and became a dentist and high-school basketball coach; Susan Schlussel Braun was an orthodontist. After the couple married, they settled in Cos Cob, Connecticut.Braun has four siblings. He attended Greenwich High School, where he was elected class president. Braun attended Emory University in Atlanta, where he played college basketball until his sophomore year.  He dropped out of college in his junior year.

 Career 
Braun began organizing parties while studying at Emory University. In 2002, Braun was hired to plan after-parties in each of the five cities on the Anger Management Tour, which featured Ludacris and Eminem. He subsequently met Dupri, the founder of So So Def Records, who offered him a job as So So Def's executive director of marketing. Events organized by Braun in this era included parties for the 2003 NBA All-Star Game and after-parties for Britney Spears' 2004 Onyx Hotel Tour. Braun left So So Def in 2005, and a few weeks later brokered a $12 million campaign deal between Ludacris and Pontiac. After the Pontiac deal, Braun was hired as an entertainment consultant for the Atlanta Hawks.In 2008, Braun scouted Bieber, then 13, after accidentally clicking on a YouTube video of Bieber singing. Braun urged Bieber's mother, Pattie Mallette, to bring her son to Atlanta to record demos and meet Usher.  He eventually convinced them to move permanently from Canada to the United States. Both Usher and Justin Timberlake expressed interest in signing Bieber, who ultimately signed with Island Def Jam in partnership with Raymond-Braun Media Group (RBMG). Braun signed Ariana Grande to his record label in 2013.
Braun also managed Psy, Tori Kelly, Carly Rae Jepsen, Martin Garrix, Kanye West, Black Eyed Peas, David Guetta, Lil Dicky, and others. He acquired half of the management companies of Jason Owens’ Sandbox Entertainment, Morris Higham, Brandon Creed, Troy Carter, and a partnership with Future and Drake.

 Film and television 
Braun produced Never Say Never, a documentary about Bieber that MTV reported in 2011 as "one of the highest grossing music documentaries in domestic box-office history". The film's budget was $13 million and earned over $100 million worldwide. Braun was the executive producer of Burden, Demi Lovato: Dancing with the Devil, The Giver, The Boy from Medellin, and Project Runway among others. Braun was also an executive producer for the CBS drama Scorpion, which aired from 2014 until 2018. In 2018, Variety reported that FX had ordered a pilot of Dave, a comedy executive-produced by Braun that included actor Kevin Hart and rapper Lil Dicky. In its first season, Dave was the most-watched show in FX history. In July 2019,  SB Projects signed a first-look deal with Amazon Studios that included television and film scripts. Braun's SB Projects has also had film and television projects at Netflix, Hulu, and Fox.

 SB Projects 
In 2007 Braun established SB Projects, an entertainment and marketing company that encompassed ventures including Schoolboy Records, SB Management, and Sheba Publishing, a  music publishing firm. The group also included RBMG, a joint venture between Braun and Usher. School Boy Records was founded as a joint venture with Universal Music Publishing Group. In early 2013 Braun signed Ariana Grande. As of August 2023, Braun no longer managed Grande, Lovato, J Balvin, and Idina Menzel.SB Projects has handled television campaigns, branding, music-licensing deals, and tour sponsorships, including Bieber's Calvin Klein endorsement for the 2016-2017 Purpose World Tour. The company also brokered a partnership between Kanye West and sneaker brand, Adidas.

 Ithaca Holdings, HYBE 
Ithaca Holdings, Braun's holding company that includes SB Projects, raised  $120 million in venture capital in 2010. Media reported that Ithaca, with $500 million under management as of 2018, financed GoodStory Entertainment, a collaboration between Braun and entertainment executive J. D. Roth,  to acquire live event content, unscripted programming, and documentary films.In 2019, Ithaca acquired Big Machine Label Group in a purchase that included the masters to the first six albums of singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The purchase resulted in a public denouncement from Taylor Swift regarding the transfer of ownership of Big Machine album masters. As a minority shareholder in Ithaca, the label's  founder Scott Borchetta remained with the company as its CEO. In 2020, Ithaca Holdings sold the album masters to Shamrock Holdings for a reported $405 million, earning Ithaca  $265 million.   As of 2023, Braun had netted nearly $400 million from the Big Machine deal.In April 2021, South Korean company Hybe announced that it would acquire Ithaca Holdings via the subsidiary Hybe America in a deal estimated to be around $1.05 billion. As part of the sale, Braun became Hybe America's CEO and joined Hybe's board of directors. Long-time staffers were gifted $50 million in stock from Braun’s personal allotment, with artists Bieber and Grande receiving $10 million each. On May 31, 2022, Braun met with BTS and US President Joe Biden at the White House to discuss the recent rise in anti-Asian hate crimes.In 2023, Hybe acquired Quality Control Music for $300 million, with Kevin “Coach K” Lee and Pierre “P” Thomas maintaining control of the label under Braun.

 Dispute with Taylor Swift 

The 2019 purchase of Big Machine Records by Ithaca in a publicized dispute with Taylor Swift regarding the ownership of the Big Machine album masters. Swift condemned Ithaca's purchase, and denied the claims by Big Machine's former president, Scott Borchetta, who said that Swift declined an opportunity to buy the masters.

 Mythos Studios 
In 2018, The New York Times reported that Braun had joined David Maisel, founding chairman of Marvel Studios to form Mythos Studios to produce comic book movie franchises in live-action and animated formats.

 Investments 
Braun is a partner in the investment firm TQ Ventures.  He was an early investor in Uber, Spotify, Waze, DropBox, Pinterest, Lyft, Ro, Noom, Liquid I.V., among others. The acquisition of holdings company, Ithaca,  brought Braun's net worth beyond $1 billion in 2021.

 Awards 
In 2012, Braun was awarded an ACLU Bill of Rights award.
In 2013, Braun was included in the annual Time 100 list of the most influential people in the world. He also appeared a second time on the cover of Billboard in its April 20, 2013, issue, alongside Guy Oseary and Troy Carter.Braun was nominated for Grammy awards for his work as a producer and songwriter on Bieber's albums Purpose in 2017 and Justice in 2022. In 2017 he appeared on the cover of Variety magazine's Hitmakers.  With Grande, Simon Moran, and Melvin Benn, he organized  One Love Manchester, a June 14 benefit concert and British television special in response to the Manchester Arena bombing after Grande's concert two weeks earlier.In 2018, Braun received the Harry Chapin Memorial Humanitarian Award for his philanthropic efforts in 2017. He also received the Save the Children's Humanitarian Award that year.ln 2019 he was inducted into the Midem Hall of Fame. In 2020, Fortune named him to its "40 Under 40" list in media and entertainment. In 2021, Braun was named Variety magazine's "Music Mogul of the Year."

 Politics 
Braun hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton at his home in 2015. In 2019, he hosted a fundraiser for the Kamala Harris 2020 presidential campaign.  He supported developer Rick Caruso in the 2022 Los Angeles mayoral election.

 Philanthropy 
Braun is involved in various charities including the Braun Family Foundation. He also assists with his brother Adam's charity, Pencils of Promise. Billboard reported that as of 2017, Braun—along with his then-clients and companies—had granted more wishes for the Make-A-Wish Foundation than any other organization in the history of the foundation.  He received the Humanitarian Award at the 2016 Billboard Touring Awards for his philanthropic support of Pencils of Promise, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and Fuck Cancer. Braun and actor George Clooney held significant roles in March for Our Lives and aided in fundraising efforts behind the scenes. In 2017,  Braun was an organizer of Hand in Hand, a telethon which raised $55 million for relief efforts related to Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma.Braun coordinated the charity single, "Stuck with U" by Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande, which benefitted the First Responders Children's Foundation to fund grants and scholarships for children of first responders and health care workers that worked on the front lines during the pandemic. In 2023, Braun joined the board of directors of the Make-A-Wish Foundation.

 Personal life 
In 2013, Braun began dating Yael Cohen. The couple wed on July 6, 2014, in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada, at Cohen's parents' house. They had a son in 2015, another son in 2016, and a daughter in 2018. Braun filed for divorce in July 2021, which was finalized in September 2022.

 Filmography 

 References 

 External links 
Scooter Braun at IMDb
Braun interview with Complex magazine

Olimpia Bartosik-Wiśniewska
Olimpia Bartosik-Wiśniewska (née Bartosik, born 8 February 1976) is a Polish chess Woman FIDE Master (1994).

 Chess career 
In the late 1980s, Olimpia Bartosik was one of the World's leading junior female chess player, winning bronze medals twice at the World Youth Chess Championships in Timișoara (1988, U12 girls age group) and Aguadilla (1989, U14 girls age group). In the years from 1988 to 1996, she won the titles of the Polish Youth Girl's Chess Championship five times in the age groups up to 12, 16, 18 and 20 years old. Between 1992 and 1997, she appeared in the finals of Polish Women's Chess Championships three times, achieving the best result in 1992 in Świeradów-Zdrój, where she took 11th place. In 1993, in Kalisz, Olimpia Bartosik won the Polish Women's Blitz Chess Championship. In 1997, she ended her active professional chess career.Olimpia Bartosik-Wiśniewska achieved the highest rating in her career on July 1, 1996, with a score of 2225 points, she was then ranked 8th among Polish female chess players.Currently, Olimpia Bartosik-Wiśniewska works as a teacher physical education in Junior High School No. 1 in Raszyn.

 References 

 External links 
Olimpia Bartosik-Wisniewska rating card at FIDE
Olimpia Bartosik-Wisniewska player profile and games at Chessgames.com
Olimpia Bartosik chess games at 365Chess.com
Olimpia Bartosik-Wiśniewska - Szachy w Polsce

Anna Kubicka
Anna Kubicka (born 8 June 1999) is a Polish Woman International Master (2018).

 Chess career 
Anna Kubicka learned the rules of chess at the age of six. In 2006, she won a bronze medal in Rybnik in Polish Chess Championship for Preschoolers. She has taken part in the finals of the Polish Youth Chess Championships many times in various girls age groups. In 2013, she won the gold medal in the Polish Youth Rapid Chess Championship in U14 age group in Olsztyn. In 2015, she achieved the greatest success in her career to date, winning a gold medal in Polish Youth Chess Championship in U16 age group in classical chess. Anna Kubicka two times participated in European Youth Chess Championships: in 2012 in Prague in G14 age group and in 2013 in Budva in G14 age group.  In 2015 she won a bronze medal (together with Alicja Śliwicka) in the European Youth Team Chess Championship.Four times (2018, 2019, 2020 and 2022) she appeared in the individual finals of Polish Women's Chess Championship. In 2023, in Suwałki, Anna Kubicka won the silver medal of the Polish Women's Blitz Chess Championship. Also she won two medals in Polish Women's Rapid Chess Championships: gold (2016) and bronze (2019).Anna Kubicka reached the highest rating in her career so far on August 1, 2023, with a score of 2284 points.

 References 

 External links 
Anna Kubicka rating card at FIDE
Anna Kubicka player profile and games at Chessgames.com
Anna Kubicka chess games at 365Chess.com
Anna Kubicka - Szachy w Polsce

Charles Pulley
Sir Charles Thornton Pulley (24 July 1864 – 5 April 1947) was a British racehorse owner and breeder, a member of the London Stock Exchange and Conservative Party politician.

 Biography 
Pulley was born in Cork on 24 July 1864 and educated at King's College School and King's College London. He was later a member of the London Stock Exchange.In 1912 he was appointed High Sheriff of Herefordshire. Pulley was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ross at a by-election in May 1918, and held the seat until it was abolished at the general election in December 1918. He was then elected as the Coalition Conservative MP for Hereford.He was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Herefordshire on 15 January 1919, and resigned from the House of Commons on 22 December 1920.Pulley was a bloodstock breeder and horses from his stud at Lower Eaton won 460 races. He was appointed a Knight Bachelor in 1922Pulley had married Iva Hopkins in 1906, she died in 1942 and they had no children. Pulley died at Lower Eaton, Hereford on 5 Apr 1947 aged 82.

 References 

 External links 
Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by Charles Pulley

Vladimir Lenin monument, Kyiv
The Vladimir Lenin monument in Kyiv was a statue dedicated to Vladimir Lenin, the founder of the Soviet Union in Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine.  The larger than life-size (3.45 meters [11.32 feet]) Lenin monument was built by Russian sculptor Sergey Merkurov from the same red Karelian stone as Lenin's Mausoleum. It was displayed at the 1939 New York World's Fair and erected on Kyiv's main Khreshchatyk Street (at the intersection of Shevchenko Boulevard, opposite the Bessarabsky Market) on 5 December 1946.
The statue was toppled from its pedestal and crushed by protesters on 8 December 2013, as part of the Euromaidan events, when many other Soviet statues were toppled. The plinth remains in place, and has become at times a site of political artwork, and arguments. Since 2016 various sculptures or installations have been exhibitioned in front of the plinth.Since 2015 (all) monuments connected with communist themes and/or persons are illegal in Ukraine.

 Post-Soviet period 
According to the decree of the former President of Ukraine, Viktor Yushchenko, this monument of the Soviet Union and the associated Communist period should have been removed after Ukraine gained independence. Nevertheless, due to the resistance of the Communist Party of Ukraine, whose members were elected to Verhovna Rada, the last Kyiv monument to Lenin was left standing.
After the fall of Soviet rule, the monument suffered numerous incidents of vandalism which led to both increased policing of the area and frequent vigilance by pro-Soviet activists.

 Demolition 

On 1 December 2013, a group of masked men attempted to topple the statue during the surge of the Euromaidan protests. Police immediately reacted by deploying a small Berkut riot police unit which was attacked, overwhelmed and forced to flee. Euromaidan leaders immediately denounced both the monument attempt and the clash with police as an action of unaffiliated "provocateurs".
Later, on 8 December 2013, several Ukrainian individuals subsequently claimed to be affiliated with the Svoboda political party toppled the statue, as Kyiv police silently looked on. The statue then broke from impact with the ground.After the fall of the Lenin statue the crowd began to sing the national anthem of Ukraine. Later, pieces of the monument were picked up by protesters as souvenirs.

 Response 
The removal or destruction of Lenin monuments and statues gained particular momentum after the destruction of the Kyiv Lenin statue. Under the motto "Ленінопад" (Leninopad, translated into English as "Leninfall"), activists pulled down a dozen communist monuments in the Kyiv region, Zhytomyr, Khmelnytskyi, and elsewhere, or damaged them during the course of the EuroMaidan protests into spring of 2014. In other cities and towns, monuments were removed by organised heavy equipment and transported to scrapyards or dumps.

 Political response 
A member of the Ukrainian parliament from the party UDAR, Valeriy Karpuntsov, announced that Ukrainian police had started arrests of people present in the area during the fall of the last monument to Lenin in Kyiv.The governor of Kharkiv Oblast, Mykhailo Dobkin, tweeted on 8 December 2013 about starting a crowdfunding campaign to restore the monument: "Tomorrow I will open the account for restoration of the monument to Lenin in Kyiv… Everybody, who hates Hutsuls for their stupidity, join". He stated that he would allocate the sum of ₴100,000 for the restoration of the monument.

 Public opinion 
Most residents of Kyiv (69%) had a negative attitude to the removal of Lenin's monument during the mass protest actions, while 13% had a positive attitude and 15% remained indifferent.

 Notable figures 
Singer Ruslana (one of the leading figures of the protests) was critical of the event, saying, "We do not need any barbaric actions. We condemn acts of vandalism, savagery, violence and anything that can divide and split Ukraine [...] doubling monuments and calls for aggression is nothing but a movement in the opposite direction of European integration and humane society."

 Later use of the site 
On 15 May 2015, President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko signed a bill into law that started a six-month period for the removal of all communist themed monuments in Ukraine.Although the statue has been removed, the monument's plinth has remained in place. This plinth has become at times a site of political artwork, and arguments. Since 2016 various sculptures or installations have been exhibitioned in front of the plinth.

 Gallery 

 See also 
Demolition of monuments to Vladimir Lenin in Ukraine
List of communist monuments damaged during Euromaidan
List of communist monuments in Ukraine
List of statues of Vladimir Lenin
Soviet imagery during the Russo-Ukrainian War
Monument of the Great October Revolution
Decommunization in Ukraine

 References 

 External links 

Full Video of Protesters In Kyiv Toppling, Decapitating Lenin Statue
Ukraine Protest: Tearing Down Lenin's Statue in Kyiv – New York Times
BBC | Ukraine commits statue-cide
Map of Lenin statues decapitated or totally fallen during the Leninopad in Ukraine

Wanda Panfil
Wanda Marianna Panfil-González (born 26 January 1959 in Tomaszów Mazowiecki) is a former long-distance runner from Poland, who won the world title in the women's marathon at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics in Tokyo, Japan. She was married to Mexican long-distance runner Mauricio González.
Panfil twice competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics; in 1988 when she finished 22nd with a 2:34:35, and in 1992 when she finished in 22nd position with a 2:47:27 in the women's marathon. During her career she won the London Marathon, the Boston Marathon, the New York City Marathon and the Nagoya Marathon. In 1990 and 1991 she was named Polish Sportswoman of the Year. Panfil is a four-time national champion in the women's 5.000 metres.

 Achievements 

 See also 
Polish records in athletics

 References 
(in Polish) Polish Olympic Committee
(in English) sports-reference

Lockheed Martin RQ-170 Sentinel
The Lockheed Martin RQ-170 Sentinel, nicknamed Wraith, is an American unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) developed by Lockheed Martin and operated by the United States Air Force (USAF) for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). While the USAF has released few details on the UAV's design or capabilities, defense analysts believe that it is a stealth aircraft fitted with aerial reconnaissance equipment. Introduced in 2007, it was deployed to Afghanistan in late 2007, and to South Korea two years later, in September 2009. Some images and details of the aircraft were released after Iran captured an RQ-170 in 2011. It has a flying wing design, and uses a single engine, speculated to be either a General Electric TF34 turbofan or a Garrett TFE731.

 Development 
The RQ-170 Sentinel was developed by Lockheed Martin's Skunk Works as a stealth unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). Journalists have noted design similarities between the RQ-170 and previous stealth and UAV programs such as the Lockheed Martin RQ-3 DarkStar and Polecat. An Air Force official said, "It's the same concept as [the RQ-3] DarkStar, it's stealthy, and it uses the same apertures and data links, only it's bigger." It is a tailless flying wing aircraft with pods built into the upper surface of each wing. According to the United States Army Training Circular 3-01.80, the Sentinel has a wingspan of 65 feet 7 inches (20 m), and is 14 feet 9 inches (4.50 m) long. In a December 2012 report, journalist David Axe stated that "20 or so" RQ-170s had been built.The "RQ" designation (R for reconnaissance, Q for unmanned) indicates that the RQ-170 Sentinel does not carry weapons. Aviation Week & Space Technology's David A. Fulghum believes that the UAV is probably a "tactical, operations-oriented platform and not a strategic intelligence-gathering design".The USAF confirmed the "grainy photos of a gray, flying-wing-typed unmanned airplane near Kandahar Airfield." Since then, this aircraft has been known as "The Beast of Kandahar" in relation to the sighting of the RQ-170 Sentinel on 4 December 2009. A USAF colonel subsequently commented that RQ-170 is separate from the MQ-X program, which has yet to determine stealth or powerplant requirements, and thus the Sentinel will not replace the General Atomics MQ-1 Predator and General Atomics MQ-9 Reaper drones. In 2021, the 432nd Air Expeditionary Wing made a statement in which they said that "the 432nd AEW has ... successfully deployed and redeployed RQ-170 Sentinel forces."

 Design 
The RQ-170 is a flying wing design containing a single (as yet classified) engine, and was estimated in 2009 by Aviation Week as having a wingspan of approximately 66 feet (20 m). Its takeoff weight is estimated as being greater than the RQ-3 DarkStar's, which was 8,500 pounds (3,900 kg). The design lacks several elements common to stealth engineering, such as zigzag edged landing gear doors and sharp leading edges, and the exhaust is not shielded by the wing. Aviation Week postulates that these elements suggest the designers have avoided "highly sensitive technologies" due to the near certainty of eventual operational loss inherent with a single engine design and a desire to avoid the risk of compromising leading edge technology. The publication also suggests that the medium-grey color implies a mid-altitude ceiling, unlikely to exceed 50,000 feet (15,000 m), since a higher ceiling would normally be painted darker for concealment. The postulated weight and ceiling parameters suggests the possible use of a General Electric TF34 engine, or a variant in the airframe.
On the basis of the few publicly available photographs of the RQ-170, aviation expert Bill Sweetman has assessed that the UAV is equipped with an electro-optical/infrared  sensor and possibly an active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar mounted in its belly fairing. He has also speculated that the two undercarriage fairings over the UAV's wings may house datalinks and that the belly fairing could be designed for modular payloads, allowing the UAV to be used for strike missions and/or electronic warfare. The New York Times has reported that the RQ-170 is "almost certainly" equipped with communications intercept equipment, as well as highly sensitive hyperspectral sensors capable of detecting very small amounts of radioactive isotopes and chemicals that may indicate the existence of nuclear weapons facilities.Following Iranian claims of downing an RQ-170 near the Afghan border in December 2011, Iranian TV showed video footage of what appears to be an advanced unmanned U.S. aircraft that most closely resembles the RQ-170 UAV. In the footage, a member of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard released dimensions of the aircraft, including a wingspan of about 26 metres (85 ft), a height of 1.84 metres (6.0 ft), and a length of 4.5 metres (15 ft).

 Operational history 
The 30th Reconnaissance Squadron was the first unit to operate RQ-170 Sentinels. Based at Tonopah Test Range Airport in Nevada, this squadron was activated on 1 September 2005. RQ-170 Sentinels have been deployed to Afghanistan, where one was sighted at Kandahar Airfield in late 2007. This sighting, and the Sentinel's secret status at the time, led Sweetman to dub it the "Beast of Kandahar". The UAV being deployed to Afghanistan, despite the Taliban having no radar, led to speculation that the aircraft was used to spy on Pakistan or Iran. Phil Finnegan, a UAV analyst at an aerospace consulting firm, suggests the stealth capabilities of the Sentinel are being used to fly in nearby countries. Iran has an air defense system that would require stealth technology to penetrate.In December 2009, South Korea's JoongAng Daily newspaper reported that the RQ-170 Sentinel had been test-flown in South Korea for the past few months and that it was expected to be permanently deployed in 2010 to replace Lockheed U-2 reconnaissance aircraft operating from Osan Air Base. In response to this report, Sweetman argued that the Sentinel's deployments to Afghanistan and South Korea were probably undertaken to monitor Pakistan and North Korea's ballistic missile programs. In 2020, through an FOIA request, it was revealed that the USAF ordered the deployment of the drone to Kunsan Air Base on 4 September 2009. It is unknown exactly how many RQ-170s were deployed.On 2 May 2011, at least one RQ-170 monitored the area while elements of the United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group launched an assault on the compound which resulted in bin Laden's death. The aircraft provided footage of the attack which was watched live by President Barack Obama and his senior national security advisors. The RQ-170 also monitored Pakistani military radio transmissions in the area to provide warning of the response to the attack. On 27 May the Los Angeles Times reported that Pakistani officials were "alarmed" by the use of the RQ-170 over their country as the drones are "designed to evade radar and other surveillance systems, and can be used as a spy plane".In October 2012 a RQ-170 was used to conduct bomb damage assessment for a test drop of a Massive Ordnance Penetrator bomb from a Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit stealth bomber. The 44th Reconnaissance Squadron was established on 1 April 2015. While the USAF did not disclose what aircraft the unit was equipped with, it has been reported that it was established to operate RQ-170s. From 4 August 2020 to 6 August 2020, at least one RQ-170 participated in a $1.4 million Large Force Test Event at Nellis Air Force Base, in Nevada.It is believed that between 20 and 30 RQ-170s were in service with the USAF as of 2021. At this time, the type continued to be operated by the 30th and 44th Reconnaissance Squadrons. The USAF disclosed a deployment of RQ-170s in March 2021, but did not identify where they had operated.

 Iranian capture and reverse engineering 

On 4 December 2011, media reports stated that the Iranian Army's electronic warfare unit had downed an RQ-170 that violated Iranian airspace along its eastern border through overriding its controls, and had captured the lightly damaged UAV. On 6 December, U.S. officials acknowledged that a drone crashed in or near Iranian airspace and that it belonged to the CIA, and not to the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) as was earlier stated by the US government.The Iranian government released footage of a captured RQ-170 on 8 December. After examining the video that same day, U.S. officials confirmed that the drone was genuine. In April 2012, General Amir Ali Hajizadeh, the commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps aerospace division, claimed that Iran had reverse-engineered the RQ-170, and was building a copy of the UAV. He also stated that data were being recovered from the captured RQ-170. The semi-official Tasnim news agency of Iran reported in September 2016 that a UAV named Saegheh-2, similar in appearance to the RQ-170 Sentinel, had been built. It was said to be able to carry four precision-guided bombs; the range was not stated. The Shahed 171 Simorgh is also based on the downed Sentinel.The Israeli military shot down a Saegheh drone during the February 2018 Israel–Syria incident. Israeli media reported that the UAV's design was indeed largely based on the RQ-170, while IAF Brigadier General Tomer Bar said that the drone was quite advanced and emulated western technology.

 Operators 
 United StatesUnited States Air Force
30th Reconnaissance Squadron – Creech Air Force Base, Nevada
44th Reconnaissance Squadron – Creech Air Force Base, Nevada

 Specifications (RQ-170) 
Data from The Drive, Army Training Circular 3-01.80General characteristics
Crew: 3 on ground
Length: 14 ft 9 in (4.5 m)
Wingspan: 38 ft 7 in (11.58 m) 
Height: 6 ft (1.8 m) estimated
Powerplant: 1 × Garrett TFE731 or General Electric TF34 turbofanPerformance

Endurance: 5 to 6 hours
Service ceiling: 50,000 ft (15,000 m) estimated

 References 
Notes

 External links 

RQ-170 Sentinel Fact Sheet Archived 30 March 2017 at the Wayback Machine from the United States Air Force
RQ-170 Sentinel Pictures Archived 17 November 2015 at the Wayback Machine from DefenceTalk.com

Power Mac G5
The Power Mac G5 is a series of personal computers designed, manufactured, and sold by Apple Computer, Inc. from 2003 to 2006 as part of the Power Mac series.  When introduced, it was the most powerful computer in Apple's Macintosh lineup, and was marketed by the company as the world's first 64-bit desktop computer.  It was also the first desktop computer from Apple to use an anodized aluminum alloy enclosure, and one of only three computers in Apple's lineup to utilize the PowerPC 970 CPU, the others being the iMac G5 and the Xserve G5.
Three generations of Power Mac G5 were released before it was discontinued as part of the Mac transition to Intel processors, making way for its replacement, the Mac Pro. The Mac Pro retained a variation of the G5's enclosure design for seven more years, making it among the longest-lived designs in Apple's history.

 Introduction 
Officially launched as part of Steve Jobs' keynote presentation at the Worldwide Developers Conference in June 2003, the Power Mac G5 was introduced with three models, sharing the same physical case, but differing in features and performance. Although somewhat larger than the G4 tower it replaced, the necessity for a complex cooling system meant that the G5 tower had room inside for only one optical drive and two hard drives.
Steve Jobs stated during his keynote presentation that the Power Mac G5 would reach 3 GHz "within 12 months." This would never come to pass; after three years, the G5 only reached 2.7 GHz before it was replaced by the Intel Xeon-based Mac Pro, which debuted with processors running at speeds of up to 3 GHz.
During the presentation, Apple also showed Virginia Tech's Mac OS X computer cluster supercomputer (a.k.a. supercluster) known as System X, consisting of 1,100 Power Mac G5 towers operating as processing nodes. The supercomputer managed to become one of the top five supercomputers that year. The computer was soon dismantled and replaced with a new cluster made of an equal number of Xserve G5 rack-mounted servers, which also used the G5 chip running at 2.3 GHz.

 PowerPC G5 and the IBM partnership 
The PowerPC G5 (called the PowerPC 970 by its manufacturer, IBM) is based upon IBM's 64-bit POWER4 microprocessor. At the Power Mac G5's introduction, Apple announced a partnership with IBM in which IBM would continue to produce PowerPC variants of their POWER processors. According to IBM's Dr. John E. Kelly, "The goal of this partnership is for Apple and IBM to come together so that Apple customers get the best of both worlds, the tremendous creativity from the Apple corporation and the tremendous technology from the IBM corporation. IBM invested over US$3 billion in a new lab to produce these large, 300 mm wafers." This completely automated facility in East Fishkill, New York figured heavily in IBM's larger microelectronics strategy.
The original PowerPC 970 had 50 million transistors and was manufactured using IBM CMOS 9S at 130 nm fabrication process. CMOS 9S is the combination of SOI, low-k dielectric insulation, and copper interconnect technology, which were invented at IBM research in the mid-1990s. Subsequent revisions of the "G5" processor have included IBM's PowerPC 970FX (same basic design on a 90 nm process), and the PowerPC 970MP (essentially two 970FX cores on one die). Apple refers to the dual-core PowerPC 970MP processors as either the "G5 Dual" (for single-socket, dual-core configurations), or Power Mac G5 Quad (for dual-socket, four-core configurations).

 Architecture 
The Power Mac G5 line in 2006 consisted of three, dual-core PowerPC G5 configurations, which can communicate through its HyperTransport at half its internal clock speed. Each processor in the Power Mac G5 has two unidirectional 32-bit pathways: one leading to the processor and the other from the processor. These result in a total bandwidth of up to 20 GB/s. The processor at the heart of the Power Mac G5 has a "superscalar, superpipelined" execution core that can handle up to 216 in-flight instructions, and uses a 128-bit, 162-instruction SIMD unit (AltiVec).
All modern 32-bit x86 processors since the Pentium Pro have the Physical Address Extension (PAE) feature, which permits them to use a 36-bit physical memory address to address a maximum of 236 bytes (64 gigabytes) of physical memory, while the PowerPC 970 processor is capable of addressing 242 bytes (4 terabytes) of physical memory and 264 bytes (16 exabytes) of virtual memory. Due to its 64-bit processor (and 42-bit MMU), the final revision of the Power Mac G5 can hold 16 GB of Dual-Channel DDR2 PC4200 RAM using eight memory slots, with support for ECC memory.

 Product revision history 
2003 June: Initial release at speeds of Single 1.6, Single 1.8, Dual 2.0 GHz.
2003 November: Dual 1.8 replaces Single 1.8 GHz; price reduction on Single 1.6 GHz.
2004 June: 90 nm Dual 1.8, Dual 2.0 and Dual 2.5 GHz replace all previous models. The 2.5 GHz model is notable as the first major PC with liquid cooling included as stock.
2004 October: A new Single 1.8 reintroduced, with a slower, 600 MHz HyperTransport, PCI bus, based upon the iMac G5's architecture (U3lite and Shasta chips). Apple's official name for this machine is "Power Mac G5 (Late 2004)".
2005 April: CPU speed increased: Dual 2.5 GHz → Dual 2.7 GHz (PCI-X, LC), Dual 2.0 GHz → Dual 2.3 GHz (PCI-X), Dual 1.8 GHz → Dual 2.0 GHz (PCI). Newly introduced features were the 16x dual-layer SuperDrives across the line and increased storage, up to 800 GB for the higher-end models. The 1.8 GHz Single was not modified.
2005 June–July: The Single 1.8 model was discontinued in the United States and Europe.
2005 October: Shift to dual-core processors: Dual 2.0 GHz → DC 2.0 GHz, Dual 2.3 GHz → DC 2.3 GHz, Dual 2.7 GHz → Dual DC 2.5 GHz (termed a Quad Power Mac G5, with four CPU execution cores and more reliable liquid cooling), all with DDR2 memory, and PCI Express expansion in place of PCI-X. The older PCI-X, Dual 2.7 GHz model remained available for a while, but the slower speed single-core models were discontinued immediately.
2006 August: The Power Mac is replaced by its Intel successor, the Mac Pro.

 Technical specifications 
All of these models are obsolete.

 Defects 
Early versions of dual processor G5 computers have noise problems. The first one is ground loop-based interference, which sometimes causes noise leaks into the analog audio outputs. This bug was fixed in Rev. B G5.
The second noise problem came from the 'chirping' sound, which can be triggered by fluctuations in power draw. For example, using Exposé causes a brief chirp. A widely circulated work-around is to disable the CPUs' "nap" feature using Apple's CHUD Tools, but this was not recommended by Apple. This noise problem was not fixed until the dual core generation of G5s was produced, however it did not affect the "Late 2004" model (at least there have never been any reports). The power draw fluctuation was later attributed to the lack of power management features in the single-core processors. Apple eventually posted the chirping bug information on its support site.Although the noise problems did not prevent the affected computers from working, they were problematic for audio professionals and enthusiasts, especially for the liquid-cooled models, which had been expressly designed as mechanically quiet for discerning listeners.
A common problem among single processor G5s was the cyclic expansion and contraction of a metal plate soldered to the Logic Board connecting all eight of the RAM slots. Eventually, this can cause the computer to no longer detect the RAM, and refuse to boot. Fixes for this include having the plate re-soldered, or exposing the other side of the Logic Board to heat from a heat gun. The latter option is far easier, since it requires neither soldering nor the removal of the Logic Board from the computer.
All 2.5 GHz and 2.7 GHz dual processor models and the 2.5 GHz quad-processor model had a liquid cooling system that consisted of a radiator, coolant pump, and heat exchangers bolted to the processors. The cooling system was made by Delphi Automotive, a former Harrison Radiator Division of General Motors. This was a bold step for Apple, and should have allowed the use of very fast processors, giving Apple an advantage in both performance and reliability, but the system turned out to be subject to coolant leakage, made worse by the system's use of GM Dexcool coolant, which is more corrosive than regular automotive coolant. If not caught in time, the leakage could destroy the processors, logic board, and even corrode the aluminum casing itself. While leakage was sometimes detectable by drops of green coolant in or beneath the machine, in many machines the seepage is so slight that it was almost impossible to detect without dismantling the entire computer. Later models (only the 2.7 GHz) were equipped with a Panasonic liquid cooling system which was much more reliable.The liquid cooling system fits into the case where the heat sinks would normally go, so there is no easy way to distinguish the liquid-cooled versions from the air-cooled, although most, but not all, of the liquid-cooled machines have a sticker inside warning about the possibility of leakage.

 P.A. Semi's G5 derivative 
When P.A. Semi announced the preliminary pre-production plan of PWRficient processor, there had been persistent rumors that Apple would prepare for its use in its professional line of personal computers.In 2006, The Register reported that P.A. Semi had formed a tight relationship with Apple, which would result in P.A. Semi promptly delivering processor chips for Apple's personal computer notebook line and possibly desktops. Even in 2006, Apple did not have a laptop version of the G5 processor. The processor that would run the personal computers was P.A. Semi's preliminarily proposed processor, PWRficient 1682M (PA6T-1682M). The version that would be sampled for pre-production at third quarter of 2006 was a 2 GHz, dual-core CPU with two DDR2 memory controllers, 2 MB of L2 cache, and support for 8 PCI Express lanes. The sampled chip also has lower heat intensity than Intel's Core Duo, which gives off 9–31 W under normal load.
According to The Register article, P.A. Semi executives believed that they were all but assured of winning Apple's contract, and CEO Dan Dobberpuhl thought that Apple's hints of moving to Intel were just a persuading tactic. At the time, the companies were working for PWRficient software.
Despite the advantages of more compatible architecture, Apple moved to the Intel architecture officially for 'performance-per-watt' reasons. However, P.A. Semi would not be able to ship its low-power multicore product in volume until 2007, which, combined with P.A. Semi's status as a start-up company, seems to have been the final blow to the development of Power Mac computers. However, it was also speculated that Apple switched to Intel processor because Apple could no longer abide the constant delays in performance ramp up, desired native Windows compatibility, or it was Apple's strategy to shift its business focus away from desktop computing to iPod (and subsequently iOS) development.
Apple acquired P.A. Semi in 2008, using P.A. Semi's engineering resources to develop ARM CPUs for their iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad, and Apple TV product lines; and would go on to eventually come full circle with these designs replacing Intel chips in Macs in 2020.The PA6T-1682M processor would later be used by the AmigaOne X1000 personal computer.

 Timeline 

 See also 
List of Macintosh models grouped by CPU type

 Notes 

 External links 

Ars Technica: Inside the PowerPC 970
Ars Technica: A Brief Look at the PowerPC 970
Ars Technica Review: Power Mac G5 Dual 2.5 GHz
Forevermac.com: The Power Mac G5 Quad Core 2.5 GHz

Nándor Bihary
Nándor Bihary (1900–1948) was a Hungarian stage and film actor.   He was active in Hungarian cinema from the silent era until the end of the Second World War, generally playing smaller, supporting roles. He was married to the actress Sári Déry.

 Selected filmography 
Stars of Eger (1923)
The Ball Is On (1939)
Money Talks (1940)
Gül Baba (1940)
Closed Court (1940)
Matthew Arranges Things (1940)
Property for Sale (1941)
Old Waltz (1941)
The Devil Doesn't Sleep (1941)
Silenced Bells (1941)
Katyi (1942)
Kádár Versus Kerekes (1942)
At the End of September (1942)
Changing the Guard (1942)
The Talking Robe (1942)
Male Fidelity (1942)
Disillusion (1943)
I Dreamed of You (1943)
Eva Szovathy (1944)
Muki (1944)
I'll Make You Happy (1944)
After the Storm (1945)

 References 

 Bibliography 
Hames, Peter. The Cinema Of Central Europe. Wallflower Press, 2004.
Laura, Ernesto G. Tutti i film di Venezia, 1932–1984. La Biennale, Settore cinema e spettacolo televisivo, 1985.
Székely, György & Gajdó, Tamás. Magyar színháztörténet: 1920-1949. Akadémiai Kiadó, 1990.

 External links 
Nándor Bihary at IMDb

List of Ang Probinsyano seasons
FPJ's Ang Probinsyano (transl. FPJ's The Provincial Man / International title: Brothers) is a 2015 Philippine action drama television series, based on the 1997 Fernando Poe Jr. film of the same title, courtesy of FPJ Productions. Directed by Malu L. Sevilla, Avel E. Sunpongco, Toto Natividad, Richard V. Somes, Kevin de Vela, Alan Chanliongco, Ram Tolentino, Enzo Williams, Rodel Nacianceno, Nick Olanka, Manny Q. Palo, Darnel Joy R. Villaflor, Michael de Mesa and Albert Langitan, it is topbilled by Coco Martin together with an ensemble cast. The series premiered on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block and worldwide via The Filipino Channel from September 28, 2015 to August 12, 2022, replacing Nathaniel and was replaced by Mars Ravelo's Darna on August 15, 2022. A total of 1,696 episodes of Ang Probinsyano have aired. The first 260 episodes are streaming online on YouTube with English subtitles.

 Series overview 
Ang Probinsyano has five narrative arcs or "books". Consisting of 9 seasons throughout its telecast.
The first book (Syndicate Arc) ran from 2015 through 2017 spanning the first and second seasons and focused on the various cases Cardo encountered as a member of the CIDG, both related and unrelated to its main arc.
The second book (Rebellion and Terrorism Arc) contains the third and fourth seasons of the series and focused on Cardo's encounters with the "Pulang Araw" (transl. Red Sun) both as a member of Special Action Force and undercover under the no nom de guerre "Agila" (transl. Eagle), and later as part of the vigilante group "Vendetta".
The third book (Political Arc) covers the series' fifth and sixth seasons and focuses on the larger political drama in the Philippines.
The fourth book (Crime and Corruption Arc), on the other hand, opened with the series' seventh season and chronicles Cardo's return to the police force and his continued efforts to fight crime and corruption in the country. This is followed by the show's eight season which sees Lily moving to consolidate her power as both the first lady of the Republic and leader of an international drug cartel in the Philippines.The fifth and final book (International Arc) follows the series' ninth season, the Task Force Agila traveling to north in search for a new hiding place after killing the drug lord Enrique Vera, having avenged the murder of Audrey, the sister of P/Cpt. Lia Mante and daughter of Fernando Mante, in ninth season. The Mante family leaves the country for their safety. Arriving at the north, Cardo meets a woman in a motorcycle named Mara. 

 See also 
List of Ang Probinsyano guest stars
List of Ang Probinsyano characters

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Ang probinsyano at IMDb
Ang Probinsyano at TV Guide

Karunthel Kannayiram
Karunthel Kannayiram (transl. Kannayiram, the black scorpion) is a 1972 Indian Tamil-language crime film directed by R. Sundaram and produced by Modern Theatres. The film stars Jaishankar and Lakshmi. It was released on 17 May 1972 and failed commercially.

 Plot 

 Cast 
Male castJaishankar
Manohar
V. S. Raghavan
Thengai Srinivasan
MoorthyFemale castLakshmi
Manorama as a vamp
A. Sakunthala

 Production 
Karunthel Kannayiram was directed by R. Sundaram and produced by Modern Theatres. Cinematography was handled by G. R. Nathan, and editing by L. Balu. The producer and screenwriter were not credited; the dialogues were written by Ma. Ra.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Shyam–Philips, with lyrics by Kannadasan. The song "Haha! Poonthamalliyile" belongs to Baila, a Sri Lankan music genre.

 Release and reception 
Karunthel Kannayiram was released on 17 May 1972, and failed commercially.

 References 

 External links 
Karunthel Kannayiram at IMDb

Michael Sorich
Michael John Sorich ( SOH-ritch, born March 23, 1958) is an American actor, writer and director.

 Biography 
Sorich has been a voice actor for many different characters in the Power Rangers franchise (until the end of the Wild Force series), as well as related or similar Saban series such as Masked Rider, VR Troopers, and Big Bad Beetleborgs/Beetleborgs Metallix. Some of his roles included the voices of Squatt in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Decimator and Zelton in VR Troopers, Roboborg in Beetleborgs Metallix, and Double Face in Masked Rider. He has also had some on-screen roles, such as Woody Stocker on VR Troopers.
Sorich had voice roles in the anime series Bleach. He directed the dubs for Idaten Jump and for Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo. He had also co-directed the ADR for VR Troopers with Scott Page-Pagter and Wendee Lee.

 Filmography 

 Anime 

 Live action 
Big Bad Beetleborgs - Mums (1st voice), Grenade Guy/Super Grenade Guy
Beetleborgs Metallix - Roboborg
Hollywood's Amazing Animal Actors - Narrator
Idaten - Avery Brundage
Mad Scientist Toon Club - Dr. Pi
Married... with Children - Fidel Castro
Masked Rider - Double Face, Fluffy (voice minus Doubleface uncredited)
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers - Squatt (as Michael J. Sorich), Terror Toad, Fang, Polluticorn, Pumpkin Rapper, Saliguana (2nd voice), Magnet Brain, Silver Horns, Pachinko Head, Double Face, Vampirus, Hate Master, Crabby Cabbie, Erik and Merrick the Barbaric Brothers (all minus Squatt are uncredited)
Power Rangers: Zeo - Squatt (credited, as Michael J. Sorich), Boohoo the Clown, Wrecking Ball, Tough Tusks, Cog Changer (uncredited)
Power Rangers: Turbo - Voltmeister, Shrinkasect (uncredited)
Power Rangers: In Space - Elephantitan, Crocotoxes (uncredited)
Power Rangers: Lost Galaxy - Teksa (2nd appearance), Hardtochoke (2nd appearance), Quakemaker (uncredited 1st time, credited 2nd time)
Power Rangers: Lightspeed Rescue - Triskull, Gatekeeper, Bird Bane
Power Rangers: Time Force - "Mohawked Mutant" (uncredited), Brickneck
Power Rangers: Wild Force - Retinax, Artilla, Camera Org, Locomotive Org
Power Rangers: Lost Galaxy - Auctioneer
Seinfeld - Fidel Castro
The Prince of Light: The Legend of Ramayana - Hanuman
VR Troopers - Woody Stocker, Decimator, Horrorbot, Tankatron, Vacbot, Zelton, Spitbot (substitute voice), Slice Swordbot Brother (first voice)
You Can't Hurry Love - Drug Dealer

 Animation 
Creepy Crawlers - Additional Voices
Huntik: Secret and Seekers - Master Tantras
Iznogoud - Various
Little Mouse on the Prairie - Cal, Osgood
The Magic Snowflake - Santa Claus, Contrary Santa
The Return of Dogtanian - Athos
The Nutcracker and the Mouse King - Additional Voices
Pucca: Love Recipe - Dong King
Santa's Apprentice -  Santa Claus, Nightmare Santa, Inspector Stevens, Contrary Santa (US English version)
Tenko and the Guardians of the Magic - Jason, Steel
What the Bleep Do We Know!? - Various Character Voices
Willy Fog 2 - Various
Wisdom of the Gnomes - Pat

 Film 

 Video games 
Binary Domain - Additional voices
D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die - Derek Buchanan
Detective Pikachu Returns - Brandon Barnes
Diablo III - Additional Voices
Diablo III: Reaper of Souls - Additional Voices
Dirge of Cerberus: Final Fantasy VII - Incidental characters
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD - Additional voices
Final Fantasy XIII - Cocoon Inhabitants
Fire Emblem Awakening - Vaike
Fire Emblem: Three Houses - Gwendal
Fire Emblem Warriors: Three Hopes - Gwendal
Grim Fandango - Don Copal
Heroes of the Storm - Falstad Wildhammer
Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia - Uncredited roles
Jade Cocoon: Story of the Tamamayu - Village Chieftain
Master Detective Archives: Rain Code - Dr. Huesca
Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm - Gamabunta
Octopath Traveler - Additional voices
Sengoku Basara: Samurai Heroes - Yoshitsugu Otani, Harumasa Nanbu
Shenmue III - Additional Cast
Silent Bomber - Mercury
Star Ocean: Second Evolution - Regis
Star Wars Episode I: Racer - Mawhonic, Teemto Pagalies
Star Wars: X-Wing Alliance - Rebel Pilot
Stonekeep - Skuz
Street Fighter IV series - Gen
Street Fighter V - Gen
The Bard's Tale - Additional voices
The Curse of Monkey Island - Edward Van Helgen, Charles DeGoulash the Ghost Groom
The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel IV - Chancellor Giliath Osborne
Twisted Metal Black - Billy Ray Stillwell (Junkyard Dog)
World of Warcraft: Cataclysm - Falstad Wildhammer, Kurdran Wildhammer, numerous others.
World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor - Additional voices

 Staff work 

 Script adaptation 
Bleach
Bob in a Bottle
Bumpety Boo
Dinozaurs
Duel Masters
Dynamo Duck
Flag
Honeybee Hutch
Idaten Jump
Iznogoud
Jin Jin and the Panda Patrol
The Littl' Bits
Little Mouse on the Prairie
Maya the Bee
Mon Colle Knights
The Noozles
Ox Tales
Power Rangers Super Samurai
Rave Master
The Return of Dogtanian
Saban's Adventures of the Little Mermaid
Saban's Adventures of Peter Pan
Saban's Adventures of Pinocchio
Sailor Moon (Viz Media dub)
Sandokan
Shinzo
Tokyo Pig
Transformers: Robots in Disguise
Wild Arms: Twilight Venom
Willy Fog 2
Wowser

 Voice director 
Battle B-Daman
Bleach
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo
Cyborg 009 The Cyborg Soldier
Digimon: Digital Monsters
Digimon Fusion
Duel Masters
Elsword
Eyeshield 21
Idaten Jump
Iron Virgin Jun
Mon Colle Knights
Komi Can't Communicate
Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas
Shinzo

 References 

 External links 
Michael Sorich  at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
Michael Sorich at IMDb

SS Baychimo
SS Baychimo was a steel-hulled 1,322 ton cargo steamer built in 1914 in Sweden and owned by the Hudson's Bay Company, used to trade provisions for pelts in Inuit settlements along the Victoria Island coast of the Northwest Territories of Canada. She became a notable ghost ship along the Alaska coast, being abandoned in 1931 and seen numerous times since then until her last sighting in 1969.

 Early history 
The Baychimo was launched in 1914 as the Ångermanelfven by the Lindholmens shipyard (Lindholmens Mekaniska Verkstad A/B) in Gothenburg, Sweden, for the Baltische Reederei GmbH of Hamburg. She was 230 ft (70.1 m) long, powered by a triple expansion steam engine and had a speed of 10 kn (19 km/h; 12 mph). The Ångermanelfven was used on trading routes between Hamburg and Sweden until the First World War. After World War I she was passed to the United Kingdom as part of the reparations by Germany for shipping losses and acquired by the Hudson's Bay Company in 1921. Renamed Baychimo and based in Ardrossan, Scotland, she completed nine successful voyages along the north coast of Canada, visiting trading posts and collecting pelts.

 Abandonment 
On October 1, 1931, at the end of a trading run and loaded with a cargo of fur, Baychimo became trapped in pack ice. The crew briefly abandoned the ship, traveling over a half-mile of ice to the town of Barrow to take shelter for two days, but the ship had broken free of the ice by the time the crew returned. The ship became mired again on October 8, more thoroughly this time, and on October 15 the Hudson's Bay Company sent aircraft to retrieve 22 of the crew. 15 crew remained behind, intending to wait out the winter if necessary, and constructed a wooden shelter some distance away. On November 24, a powerful blizzard struck, and after it abated there was no sign of Baychimo; the skipper concluded that she must have broken up and sunk in the storm. A few days later, however, an Inuit seal hunter informed them that he had seen Baychimo about 45 mi (72 km) away from their position. The 15 men proceeded to track the ship down and, deciding that the ship was unlikely to survive the winter, retrieved the most valuable furs from the hold to transport by air. Baychimo was then abandoned.

 Ghost ship 
The Baychimo did not sink, and over the next several decades there were numerous sightings of the ship. People managed to board her several times, but each time they were either unequipped to salvage the ship or driven away by bad weather. The last recorded sighting of the Baychimo was by a group of Inuit in 1969, 38 years after she was abandoned. She was stuck fast in the pack ice of the Beaufort Sea between Point Barrow and Icy Cape in the Chukchi Sea off the northwestern Alaskan coast. Baychimo's ultimate fate is unknown and she is presumed sunk.

 Sightings 
A few days after Baychimo disappeared, the ship was found 45 mi (72 km) south of where she was lost, but was again ice-packed.
After several months, she was spotted again about 300 mi (480 km) to the east.
In January of the following year, she was seen floating peacefully near the shore by Leslie Melvin, a man traveling to Nome with his dog sled team.
A few months after that, she was seen by a company of prospectors.
In March 1933, she was found by a group of Iñupiat who boarded her and were trapped aboard for 10 days by a freak storm.
On 11 August 1933, she was sighted 12 miles off the settlement of Wainwright, Alaska. She was boarded by local inhabitants, as well as by the crew of the M.S. Trader and their passenger, the author and botanist Isobel Wylie Hutchison. A whale-boat, some furniture, and several other items were salvaged.
In August 1933, the Hudson's Bay Company heard she was still afloat but too far asea to salvage.
In July 1934, she was boarded by a group of explorers on a schooner.
In September 1935, she was spotted off the Alaskan coast.
In November 1939, she was boarded by Captain Hugh Polson in an attempt to salvage her, but the creeping ice floes intervened and Polson was forced to abandon her.
She was spotted numerous times over the following years, but always eluded capture.
In March 1962, she was seen drifting along the Beaufort Sea coast by a group of Inuit.
She was found frozen in an ice pack in 1969, 38 years after she was abandoned. This is the last recorded sighting of Baychimo.
In 2006, the Alaskan government began work on a project to solve the mystery of "the Ghost Ship of the Arctic" and locate Baychimo, whether still afloat or on the ocean floor. She has not yet been found.

 In education 
"Alaska's Phantom Ship", an article about the vessel, was printed in the textbook Galaxies (Houghton Mifflin: Boston, 1971, 1974 p. 180.)

 References 
Notes
BibliographyGunston, David, UNESCO Courier, Aug–Sept 1991
Bolton, Alan. "My Grandfather's Life: S.S. Bayeskimo & S.S. Baychimo".
Harper, Kenn (November 24, 2006). "Ghost Ship: The Disappearance of the Baychimo". Nunatsiaq News. Archived from the original on October 14, 2012. Retrieved November 3, 2012.

 Further reading 
Dalton, Anthony, Baychimo: Arctic Ghost Ship, Heritage House, 2006, ISBN 1-894974-14-X
Gillingham, Donald W., Umiak!, Museum Press, 1955

1976 Chowchilla kidnapping
On July 15, 1976, in Chowchilla, California, three armed men hijacked a school bus. They abducted the driver and 26 children, ages 5 to 14, and imprisoned them in a truck trailer buried in a quarry in Livermore, California. The bus driver and children managed to escape before the kidnappers could issue their ransom demands. All of the victims survived but many suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder.
The kidnappers were caught, convicted and sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. An appellate court overturned the finding of bodily harm. Subsequently, the kidnappers were resentenced to life with the possibility of parole. The incident led to major changes in California laws regarding bodily injury and psychological trauma. 
By 2022, all three kidnappers had been paroled.

 Kidnapping 
On Thursday, July 15, 1976, 55-year-old school bus driver Frank Edward "Ed" Ray was transporting 26 Dairyland Elementary School students home. The children had spent the day on a summer class trip to the Chowchilla Fairgrounds swimming pool. At approximately 4 p.m., a van drove into the bus's path and blocked the road. Ray stopped, and three men with nylon stockings covering their faces exited the van and hijacked the bus. One of the men pointed a gun at Ray, a second drove the bus, and the third followed in the van.The kidnappers drove to Berenda Slough (37°09′26″N 120°07′28″W), a shallow branch of the Chowchilla River, where they hid the bus. They retrieved a second van they had hidden nearby. Both vans had been modified by the kidnappers to transport their victims: the rear windows had been painted black, and the interiors were insulated with soundproof paneling. 
The kidnappers ordered Ray and the children into the vans at gunpoint, then drove them to the California Rock & Gravel quarry (37°39′47.3″N 121°48′32.8″W) in Livermore, roughly 110 miles (180 km) from the fairgrounds. In the early morning hours of July 16, the victims were forced, again at gunpoint, to climb down a ladder, through a hatch, and into a buried truck trailer. The kidnappers had made the trailer into an underground bunker, equipped with ventilation and a pit toilet, and stocked with several mattresses and a small amount of food and water. As the victims climbed from the van into the bunker, the kidnappers wrote the name and age of each child on a Jack in the Box hamburger wrapper. Once the victims were all inside, the kidnappers removed the ladder, covered the hatch with a heavy piece of sheet metal, weighted it with two 100-pound (45-kilogram) industrial batteries, and buried the opening.

After several hours, Ray and the older children stacked the mattresses to reach the hatch. As Ray lifted the hatch, 14-year-old Michael Marshall wedged a piece of wood into the opening, moved the sheet metal and batteries, and dug away the remainder of the debris covering the entrance. Sixteen hours after being imprisoned, Ray and the children climbed out of the bunker and walked to the quarry guard's shack, near Shadow Cliffs Regional Park.Alameda County sheriffs took the victims to Santa Rita Jail, the nearest facility with medical staff. Jail doctors and EMTs examined and treated them and gave them food and water, while the sheriffs took down statements and descriptions of the kidnappers. The victims were then driven back to their families in Chowchilla.

 Arrests and convictions 
On July 16, telephone lines to the Chowchilla Police Department were jammed with calls from media and frantic families. The kidnappers therefore were unable to issue their $5 million ransom demand (equivalent to $25.7 million in 2022). They decided to call back later and fell asleep. When they awoke later in the evening, they saw television news reports that the victims had freed themselves and were safe. 
Meanwhile, the FBI had immediately begun investigating 24-year-old Frederick Newhall Woods IV, the son of Frederick Nickerson Woods III, owner of the California Rock & Gravel quarry. The FBI discovered the younger Woods had keys to the quarry, unlimited access and free use of its facilities. Additionally, Woods and two friends, brothers James and Richard Schoenfeld (aged 24 and 22, respectively), had been previously convicted of motor vehicle theft, for which they were sentenced to probation. 
The FBI obtained and executed a search warrant for Hawthorne, the 78-acre Woods estate in Portola Valley. In the younger Woods' room, investigators found journals, a draft of the ransom demand, maps, notes, plans, receipts for the vans and the trailer, false identification, one of the guns used in the kidnapping and the hamburger wrapper on which were written the names and ages of each kidnapped child. The notes outlined plans to have the ransom money dropped from a plane into the Santa Cruz Mountains at night and retrieve it under cover of darkness. Also discovered was a rental contract for a storage facility. There, the FBI found the vans used to transport the victims, as well as a getaway vehicle, a Cadillac spray-painted with flat black night camouflage. 
The FBI issued warrants for the arrests of Woods and the two Schoenfeld brothers. Eight days after the kidnapping, Richard Schoenfeld voluntarily surrendered to authorities. Two weeks later, James Schoenfeld was arrested in Menlo Park. Later the same day, Woods was arrested by the RCMP in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
James Schoenfeld later stated that despite coming from wealthy families, both he and Woods were deeply in debt: "We needed multiple victims to get multiple millions and we picked children because children are precious. The state would be willing to pay ransom for them. And they don't fight back. They're vulnerable. They will mind."All three pleaded guilty to kidnapping for ransom and robbery but refused to enter a guilty plea to infliction of bodily harm, as a conviction on that count in conjunction with the kidnapping charge carried a mandatory sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole. They were tried on the bodily harm charge, found guilty and given the mandatory sentence but their convictions were overturned by an appellate court which found that physical injuries sustained by the children (mostly cuts and bruises) did not meet the standard for bodily harm under the law. They were resentenced to life with the possibility of parole. Richard Schoenfeld was released in 2012, and James Schoenfeld was paroled on August 7, 2015.In 2016, a worker's compensation lawsuit filed against Woods revealed that he had been running several businesses, including a gold mine and a car dealership, from behind bars without notifying prison authorities. The heir to two wealthy California families, the Newhalls and the Woods, he inherited a trust fund from his parents that was described in one court filing as being worth $100 million (equivalent to $122 million in 2022), although Woods' lawyer disputed that amount.In October 2019, Woods was denied parole for the 19th time. Over the years, reasons given for the denials included his continued minimization of the crime as well as disciplinary infractions for possession of contraband pornography and cellphones. Woods married three times while in prison, and purchased a mansion about half an hour away.In March 2022, a panel of two commissioners recommended Woods for parole. The recommendation required the approval of the full parole board, the board's legal division and California's governor. Governor Gavin Newsom asked the board to reconsider but the decision was affirmed. On August 17, 2022, it was reported that Woods' parole had been granted and he was to be released from prison.

 Aftermath 
Ray received a California School Employees Association citation for outstanding community service. Before he died on May 17, 2012, he was visited by many of the schoolchildren he had helped save. In 2015, Chowchilla renamed the Sports & Leisure Park as the Edward Ray Park, and declared every February 26—Ray's birthdate—"Edward Ray Day".A study found that the kidnapped children suffered from panic attacks, nightmares involving kidnappings and death, and personality changes. Many developed fears of such things as "cars, the dark, the wind, the kitchen, mice, dogs and hippies", and one shot a Japanese tourist with a BB gun when the tourist's car broke down in front of his home. Many of the children continued to report symptoms of trauma at least 25 years after the kidnapping, including substance abuse and depression, and a number have been imprisoned for "doing something controlling to somebody else." The treatment of young victims of trauma has been guided by what was learned about the effects of the Chowchilla kidnapping on the children who were abducted.In 2016, the 25 surviving victims settled a lawsuit they had filed against their kidnappers. The money they received was paid out of Frederick Woods' trust fund, and although the exact settlement amount was not disclosed, one survivor stated that they had each received "enough to pay for some serious therapy—but not enough for a house."

 Abductors 
Frederick Newhall Woods IV (aged 24 during the kidnapping) was repeatedly denied parole until August 2022 when, at the age of 70, he was granted full parole.
James Schoenfeld (aged 24 during the kidnapping) was paroled in 2015 at age 63.
Richard Schoenfeld (aged 22 during the kidnapping) was paroled in 2012 at age 57.

 In popular culture 
American crooner Robert Goulet released a ballad about the incident in 1977, entitled "Ballad Of Chowchilla Ray".A two-hour made-for-television movie about the incident, titled They've Taken Our Children: The Chowchilla Kidnapping, aired on ABC on March 1, 1993. It stars Karl Malden as Ray, and Julie Harris as his wife.The kidnappings are featured in "Buried Alive", the seventh episode of Season 2 of Investigation Discovery's House of Horrors: Kidnapped. "Buried Alive" first aired on April 21, 2015, and is told from the point of view of Marshall, the oldest of the children, who was instrumental in their escape.
Also in 2015, an episode of Inside Edition reunited some of the women who had been kidnapped as children. They gave their recollections of the abduction. The school bus, which is now stored in a Chowchilla farm warehouse, was shown as well.48 Hours examines the abduction in the 2019 episode "Live to Tell: The Chowchilla Kidnapping", as well as the March 18, 2023, episode "Remembering the Chowchilla Kidnapping" (Season 36, Episode 20).
On December 3, 2023, CNN aired a documentary on the kidnapping, simply titled Chowchilla.

 See also 
1972 Faraday School kidnapping
2013 Alabama bunker hostage crisis

 References 

 External links 
"'Nobody's Gonna Talk': The ballad of the Chowchilla bus kidnapping", Vox, July 23, 2021.

List of awards and nominations received by Noah Baumbach
Noah Baumbach is an American writer, director, and filmmaker. He's known writing and directing the films The Squid and the Whale (2005), Frances Ha (2013), Marriage Story (2019), White Noise (2021). He is also known with his collaborations with Wes Anderson on the films The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou (2004), Fantastic Mr. Fox (2009). He co-wrote the screenplay for the comedy Barbie with his partner Greta Gerwig.
Baumbach has received four Academy Award nominations including for Best Original Screenplay for The Squid and the Whale (2005), Marriage Story (2019), and Best Adapted Screenplay for Barbie (2023). He also received nominations for two BAFTA Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, and two Writers Guild of America Awards. He received the Independent Spirit Award for Best Screenplay and Independent Spirit Robert Altman Award for Marriage Story (2019), and the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Original Screenplay for Barbie (2023). His films have premiered at the Cannes Film Festival and Venice Film Festival, competing for the Palme d'Or and Golden Lion respectively. 

 Awards and nominations 

 Academy Awards 

 BAFTA Awards 

 Golden Globe Awards 

 Critics awards 

 Critics' Choice Movie Awards 

 Festival awards 

 Cannes Film Festival 

 Venice Film Festival 

 Industry awards 

 Independent Spirit Awards 

 Writers Guild Awards 

 Critical reception 

 References 

Melvyn Lorenzen
Melvyn Lorenzen (born 26 November 1994) is a Ugandan professional footballer who plays as a winger for Thai League 2 club Nakhon Ratchasima. He also holds German citizenship.

 Club career 

 Werder Bremen 
Lorenzen joined SV Werder Bremen in 2013 from Holstein Kiel. He made his Bundesliga debut on 5 October 2013 against VfB Stuttgart. He replaced Eljero Elia after 88 minutes in a 1–1 draw in Stuttgart.
On 13 December 2014, Lorenzen played his first Bundesliga match as part of the starting lineup and scored in a 3–3 draw against Hannover. On 28 January 2015, Lorenzen sustained an injury to the meniscus of his right knee and underwent surgery two days later.Lorenzen had his first appearance of the 2015–16 season in Werder's 1–0 home defeat to Bayern Munich on 17 October 2015 before being substituted after 59 minutes.
He was released by Werder Bremen after playing for the reserves in the 2016–17 season. In his time at the club, he made a total of 14 Bundesliga appearances scoring one goal.

 ADO Den Haag 
In late July 2017, Lorenzen joined Eredivisie side ADO Den Haag on a two-year contract. He made his debut against FC Utrecht in a 3–0 loss at home.

 Karpaty Lviv and Persela Lamongan 
In March 2021, after trialling with AFC Wimbledon in September 2020, Lorenzen signed a one-month contract with Indonesian club Persela Lamongan of the Liga 1.

 Sligo Rovers 
On 23 August 2021, Lorenzen signed with League of Ireland Premier Division club Sligo Rovers for the remaining 13 games of their 2021 season, following two weeks of training with the club. He left the club at the end of the season.

 Wormatia Worms 
Free agent Lorenzen joined Wormatia Worms, newly promoted to the Regionalliga Südwest, in September 2022.

 International career 
Lorenzen was born in London, England to an Ugandan father and a German mother. His surname comes from his mother. His father is called Drake Mugisa. In 2016, he was called up to the Uganda national team, and made his debut in a friendly 2–0 loss to Zimbabwe on 31 May 2016.

 Career statistics 
As of 15 December 2021

 References 

 External links 
Melvyn Lorenzen at Soccerway 
Melvyn Lorenzen at fussballdaten.de (in German)
Melvyn Lorenzen at WorldFootball.net

Tan Kaiyuan
Tan Kaiyuan (Chinese: 谭凯元; born 19 August 2001) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for RCD Espanyol B.

 Early life 
As a child, Tan took an interest in kung fu, before enrolling in a football class in order to keep fit. He started playing as a goalkeeper, but instead of catching the ball like most goalkeepers, he would opt to header it instead.He studied at the Yiyang Road Primary School in Qingdao, where he found that he preferred scoring goals to saving them, and in 2012 he finished second-top scorer, and was named "Campus Football Hope Star", at a youth tournament.

 Club career 
After noticing his son's footballing ability, Tan's father signed him up to Shandong Luneng Taishan's Luneng Football School. However, due to the lack of opportunities to showcase his talent in competitions, he moved to the Evergrande Football School in 2012. During his time in the Evergrande Football School, he was sent to Spain on a three-year study programme in 2014.On his return to China in 2018, he was named Most Valuable Player of the Chinese under-17 league, and was promoted to the Guangzhou Evergrande senior squad from the Guangzhou Football School. He was eventually given his debut on 25 July 2020, in a 2–0 win against Shanghai Shenhua. He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–0 Chinese FA Cup win over Henan Jianye on 18 September of the same year. However, he also suffered a torn ligament injury during the game, and was side-lined for over a year.His return to the first team for the 2021 Chinese Super League season was very successful, and despite only 
featuring in 179 minutes of football spread over ten games, he managed to score three goals. Following the expiration of his contract at the conclusion of the 2021 season, Tan travelled to Serbia to trial with Vojvodina as a free agent. The trial was successful, and Tan was even included in the squad photo for the season, however Guangzhou reportedly requested ¥300,000 (€43,000) for youth training compensation, which Vojvodina were unwilling to pay. He returned to China, and was welcomed back by his former club, going on to feature at the end of the 2022 Chinese Super League season.
On 3 February 2023, Tan moved to Spain to join RCD Espanyol, being assigned to their 'B' team. The club had reportedly been scouting him since 2019, and he began officially training with the reserves later the same month. On 1 April 2023, in a 3–1 Segunda Federación win over Ebro, Tan came off the bench late into the game and provided an assist for Kenneth Soler's goal - his first assist for the club.

 International career 
Tan has represented China at under-19 level.

 Career statistics 
As of 6 June 2023.Notes

 Honours 
Guangzhou EvergrandeChinese FA Super Cup: 2018

 References 

 External links 
Tan Kaiyuan at LaPreferente.com (in Spanish)

Trilogy (The Weeknd album)
Trilogy is the first compilation album and major label debut by Canadian singer the Weeknd. It was released on November 13, 2012, through XO and Republic Records. It is composed of remixed and remastered versions of the songs contained in his 2011 mixtapes House of Balloons, Thursday and Echoes of Silence, and three previously unreleased songs, "Twenty Eight", "Valerie", and "Till Dawn (Here Comes the Sun)" were included as bonus tracks.
Trilogy received generally positive reviews from critics, who reinforced the previous acclaim of the mixtapes, although some found it indulgent. It was promoted with three singles and the Weeknd's concert tour during September to November 2012. The album charted at number five in Canada and number four in the United States.

 Background 
In 2011, the Weeknd released a series of mixtapes—House of Balloons, Thursday and Echoes of Silence—and garnered both critical acclaim and a growing fan base. The mixtapes were principally recorded with producers Doc McKinney and Illangelo, at Dream House and Site Sound Studios in Toronto; additional sessions took place at Sterling Road Studios. The Weeknd released the mixtapes online as free digital downloads.In September 2012, the Weeknd signed with Republic Records in a joint venture with his own imprint label XO. The mixtapes were subsequently remastered and compiled for Trilogy, along with three previously unreleased songs, which were recorded at Liberty Studios in Toronto. "Twenty Eight", "Valerie", and "Till Dawn (Here Comes the Sun)" were included as bonus tracks at the end of each of the compilation's discs.To re-release the mixtapes' music for retail, the Weeknd had to obtain clearance from the recording artists he had originally sampled for certain songs, including Beach House's "Master of None" for "The Party & The After Party" and Siouxsie and the Banshees's "Happy House" on "House of Balloons / Glass Table Girls"; the sample of Aaliyah's "Rock the Boat" on "What You Need" was excluded from Trilogy.On November 13, 2022, the Weeknd announced that he is considering removing Trilogy from streaming services due to both the original samples finally being cleared and his not being a fan of the updated mixes. "If y'all wanna hear the trilogy how it's supposed to be listened to … listen to 'House Of Balloons', 'Thursday' and 'Echoes Of Silence' individually. Not all samples are on trilogy and the mix isn't the original mix. But shout out trilogy but fyi, for the new fans, it isn't an album." I might get rid of the compilation just so there's no more confusion, now that ALL the samples are finally cleared since December 17, 2021."

 Promotion 
A video accompanying the track "Rolling Stone" was released on October 3, 2012, to promote the album's release. The Weeknd previewed the album at a listening party in New York City on October 24. It was his first major media event. According to music magazine NME's website, in an open letter to his fans the Weeknd posted on his website in regards to the "Rolling Stone" video, "Because I am a man of few words, I chose to make a viral video to show you how I felt and where I stand. I usually don't like to 'spoon feed' my audience because I grew up idolising story tellers who tell stories using symbolism, so it was in my nature to do the same. The "Rolling Stone" video takes place in a dimly lit studio which represents the two worlds I have been stuck in. The gloomy side represents the mainstream world while the other side represents the underground. The girl holding on represents you".The video for his first official single from Trilogy, a revamped version of "Wicked Games", was released just weeks later on October 18, 2012, again through his website. Chris Martins of Spin describes the video, "The clip is almost a sequel to the similarly shot "Rolling Stone" video, wherein a woman draped over the singer's back mysteriously disappears by the song's end. This time, the shot opens on a dancing, purse-lipped model type, but her shadow soon vamps away from her body, and torments Tesfaye until the track's end".The album's lead single "Wicked Games" was released on October 22, 2012. The song charted at number 43 on the Canadian Hot 100, it reached number 53 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 13 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.His fourth video release, and third to promote Trilogy, was for "The Zone", a collaboration with fellow Toronto musician, rapper Drake. This video had been rumored for months and was a popular track given the collaboration of OVOXO, a crew formed by Drake and the Weeknd. The video was released on November 7, 2012, and is described by music blog Pretty Much Amazing's review as having  "a lot of camera obscura effects, a forest of multicolored balloons, lens flare that would make J. J. Abrams jealous, a woman dancing in lace lingerie, and Drake. It's a fitting video – its film noir, Twin Peaks-y vibe perfectly matches the track's subtle sexy-creepy energy".The second single "Twenty Eight" was released on November 13. The Weeknd toured in support of Trilogy during September to November 2012. "The Zone" was released as the album's third and final single three days later.With Trilogy now on iTunes and in stores, the Weeknd turned to his fifth official video, one of his three new releases from his debut, "Twenty Eight". Dropped on February 13, 2013, and directed by up-and-coming visionary Nabil Elderkin (some may notice similarities to Frank Ocean's "Pyramids" video which he also directed). Simren Bolaria of music blog Earmilk, describes the video, "A long way from his former faceless, anti-media Internet persona, a distracted Abel Tesfaye sits down for a grey and dreary television interview with a foreign journalist while a haunting hologram girl sits in bed watching from her own television set. He's under surveillance—the crew is watching, hologram girl is watching, and the reporter is talking at him, so he dips into mental absence. The Weeknd continues to slip back into his alternate stripper world where the lights are flashing, the strippers don't get tired, the décor is decadent, and he can do the watching himself, with a camcorder in hand, of course. The line between what's real and what's imagined is blurred, but one thing is clear—this video is definitely NSFW".

 Critical reception 
Trilogy was met with generally positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from professional publications, the album received an average score of 79, based on 19 reviews. Aggregator AnyDecentMusic? gave it 8.1 out of 10, based on their assessment of the critical consensus.John Calvert of Fact dubbed it "an r'n'b album with few equals in terms of narrational ambition". Oliver Keens of Time Out wrote that the Weeknd "communicates" his character "so engagingly on Trilogy" and found him "riveting when he juxtaposes debauchery with a delivery that finds him numb and on the verge of tears". Killian Fox of The Observer felt that the mixtapes' "production sounded great to start with" and that the "new material is unexceptional", but ultimately stated, "if you didn't pick up the mixtapes when they were going free, and can handle 160 minutes of beautifully crafted nihilism, this is an essential buy". Although he found the new songs "arbitrary in terms of sequencing", Pitchfork's Ian Cohen cited the compilation as "some of the best music of the young decade; judging by its already pervasive influence, it's safe to say Trilogy (or at least House of Balloons) will be one of those records that will be viewed as a turning point when we look at the 2010s as a whole".In a mixed review, AllMusic's Andy Kellman felt that, despite moments when he is "distinctively gripping", the Weeknd lacks "restraint, as he is prone to repetitious whining that is more young boy than young Keith Sweat". Kellman wrote that "now that he's with a label, he'll hopefully get some kind of filter that enables him to fulfill the promise heard in these 160 minutes of one-dimensional, occasionally exhilarating overindulgence ... His potential is as obvious as his lyrics are toxic". Kevin Ritchie of Now found the music "impressive", but found the "lyrical ambivalence" to be "a bit one-note" by the album's second hour. Although he found its "excess oppressive" when listened to in its entirety, Drowned in Sound's Robert Leedlum deemed Trilogy to be "untouchable" as a "comprehensive document of a specific moment in time". Paul MacInnes of The Guardian wrote that its three discs "offer a rough trajectory of party, after-party and hangover, through which an assertive voice gives way to one that sounds more troubled", and concluded, "Trilogy does remove some of the Weeknd's mystique – lyrical formulae become apparent, and examples of engaging melody recede as the collection advances. Whatever its limits, however, Trilogy remains a striking piece of work".

 Commercial performance 
Trilogy charted at number five on the Canadian Albums Chart. In the United States, it debuted at number four on the Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 86,000 copies. By August 2015, the release has sold 558,000 copies in the United States. On March 18, 2019, Trilogy was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). On June 10, 2022, the album was certified triple platinum by Music Canada.

 Track listing 

Sample credits

^[a]  "House of Balloons / Glass Table Girls" contains elements of "Happy House", written by Susan Ballion, Peter Clarke, John McGeoch and Steven Severin; and a sample of "Happy House", as performed by Siouxsie and the Banshees.
^[b]  "The Party & the After Party" contains elements of "Master of None", written by Victoria Legrand and Alex Scally; and a sample of "Master of None", as performed by Beach House.
^[c]  "Loft Music" contains elements of "Gila", written by Victoria Legrand and Alex Scally; and a sample of "Gila", as performed by Beach House.
^[d]  "The Knowing" contains elements of "Cherry Coloured Funk", written by Elizabeth Fraser, Robin Guthrie and Simon Raymonde; and a sample of "Cherry Coloured Funk", as performed by Cocteau Twins.
^[e]  "Life of the Party" contains elements of "Drugs in My Body", written by Björn Berglund, Pontus Berghe, Anthony Grier and Vini Reilly.
^[f]  "The Birds, Pt. 2" contains elements of "Sandpaper Kisses", written by Nicholas Bird, Steve Crittall, Alex McGowan and Martina Topley-Bird.
^[g]  "Montreal" contains elements of "Laisse tomber les filles", written by France Gall.
^[h]  "Outside" contains elements of "Go Outside", written by Madeline Follin and Ryan Mattos.
^[i]  "Initiation" contains elements of "Patience", written by Georgia Anne Muldrow; and a sample of "Patience", as performed by Georgia Anne Muldrow.

 Personnel 
Credits for Trilogy adapted from liner notes.

 Charts 

 Certifications 

 Release history 

 See also 
List of Billboard number-one R&B albums of 2012

 References 

 External links 
"Trilogy". AnyDecentMusic?.
Trilogy at Discogs (list of releases)

Indira Vizha
Indira Vizha is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film directed by K. Rajeshwar, starring Srikanth, Namitha, and Shruti Marathe, with Nassar, Vivek, Ragasya, Radha Ravi, and Y. G. Mahendra in supporting roles. The music was composed by newcomer Yatish Mahadev. It began its first schedule on 11 February 2008 and was released on 10 July 2009.
The movie revolves around sexual harassment at work. It is loosely based on the Hindi film Aitraaz, which itself was based on the Hollywood movie Disclosure.

 Plot 
The film tells the story of Kamini (Namitha), who plans to get back at her ex-lover Santhosh Srinivasan (Srikanth) by re-entering his life as the wife of his boss John Kumaramangalam alias JK (Nassar). Santhosh is the creative head of a television channel called Teen TV (though it does indulge in political exposés). He is married to Savithri Duraisimaalu (Shruti Marathe), and his life turns topsy-turvy when JK reinstates Kamini as the head of the TV channel, a promotion that Santhosh had anticipated for himself. Following this, it is the simple story with Kamini starting to hurl sexual harassment accusations at Santhosh.

 Cast 
Srikanth as Santhosh Srinivasan
Namitha as Kamini
Shruti Marathe as Savithri Duraisimaalu
Nassar as John Kumaramangalam (JK)
Vivek as Oppilla Mani
Ragasya as Stella
Radha Ravi as Judge Sattanathan
Y. G. Mahendran as Advocate
Manobala
Nizhalgal Ravi
Vasu Vikram
Alex
Vijay Viswanathan

 Production 
The actor Raghuvaran had been signed up and completed a photo shoot for the film. He died during the production of the movie and was replaced by Nassar. Actress Malavika nee Swetha Kunnur Menon was roped in as the female lead and she backed out citing her wedding and harassment on the sets. She was then replaced by Shruthi.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by the debutant Yathish Mahadev with lyrics by Vairamuthu.
"Mogamma" — Hariharan, Sujatha
"Oru Kinnathai" — M. K. Balaji, Priyadarshini
"Kashmir Konduva" — Yatish, Anushka Manchanda
"Naan Oru" — Sayanora Philip, Megha

 Reception 
Behindwoods wrote, "Indira Vizha is a movie that might leave one feeling despondent about the fact that even while brave film makers are coming out with neat and quality movies, such products find their way into theaters." The Times of India wrote, "With so much meat, all you need is a simple, no-nonsense screenplay. However, the director changes track frequently, delving into comedy which is as crisp as yesterday's papadam left on the dining table." The Hindu wrote, "An ably fractured screenplay leaves Indira Vizha tottering even before it can take off."

 References 

 External links 
Indira Vizha at IMDb

Game (2002 film)
Game is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language action drama film directed by John Amritraj. The film stars Karthik and Vinod Kumar Alva. The film, produced by Srimasani Amman Pictures, had a musical scores by S. P. Venkatesh and was released after several delays on 4 November 2002 to negative reviews.

 Cast 

 Production 
John Amritraj had originally planned the film with Karthik in the late 1990s as Koottali which also had Divya Dutta in the cast, though delays meant that the film's budget and cast were subsequently affected. For the film, Karthik participated in a song sequence shot with 100 car lights, sung by Anuradha Sreeram and performed by Rani. The film went through production slowly and changed its name to Game, having a delayed release in 2002.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by S. P. Venkatesh.
"Jimba" - Mano, Swarnalatha
"Dhak Dhak" - Anuradha Sriram
"Achacho" - Swarnalatha
"Dosthu" - Suresh Peters, Krishna Sundar
"Kuchipudi" - Mano, Sujatha
"Pesi Pesi" - Anuradha Sriram, Adithyan

 References 

Indiralohathil Na Azhagappan
Indralohathil Na Azhagappan (transl. Na. Azhagappan in heaven) is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language fantasy comedy film directed by Thambi Ramaiah, who directs his second feature film after Manu Needhi. After the success of Vadivelu's debut film as the protagonist in Imsai Arasan 23m Pulikesi, Ramaiah signed him up for the project.  It is based on the film Rambaiyin Kaadhal (1956).
Apart from Vadivelu, the rest of the cast had been announced after the launch. Despite several indications that two prominent actress, would portray the lead female roles; a debutant, Yamini Sharma and Suja were selected. Nassar, Sumithra and the director himself, play supporting roles, while prominent heroine, Shriya Saran, was recruited to act as a ghost buster and dance in a single song. The film released on 1 February 2008 to largely negative reviews.

 Plot 
Azhagappan (Vadivelu) is a member of a theatre group. One fine day, an unlikely visitor from the heavens stumbles upon him and almost falls for him. The beautiful trio of the heaven – Rambha (Yamini Sharma), Urvashi (Suja Varunee), and Menaka  – comes to the earth to enjoy its "beauty". While the others get back to where they belong to at the right time, Rambha loses her track and gets into trouble. Azhagappan accidentally helps her go back to heaven. She gets him to heaven during the night and sends him back to the earth early in the morning. Frequenting to the heaven and the hell gives Azhagappan an idea of what is happening in the other world. He is not serious about his rare opportunity to see Lord Indra (Vadivelu) (the king of all deities) and the deities, but the death of a neighboring child changes everything. He takes the thing seriously and wants to teach a lesson to the deity of death, Yama (Vadivelu). Vexed with the death and the ways that human beings are treated with in hell, Azhagappan decides to tamper with the process of life and death and the laws of the gods. The gods get angry, and Azhagappan pays the price. Comedy turns into tragedy, as he is transformed into a 90-year-old whom even his mother (Sumithra) cannot recognize, and Rambha is cursed to become a formless soul. Naradha (Nassar) makes amends to bring up the climax. Devendran seeks Brihaspathi's counsel and a way to relieve Azhagappan and Rambha from their curses is born. How this happens, even though Yama tries his best to stop it from happening, forms the rest of the climax.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Sabesh–Murali with lyrics written by Kabilan, Pulamaipithan, and director Thambi Ramaiah.

 Development 
Indiralohathil Na Azhagappan  carried great expectations after success of Vadivelu's previous film, which was a blockbuster. Early reports indicated that Vadivelu was set to play 9 different roles, but soon after, Ramaiah, confirmed Vadivel will portray three roles as the characters of Gods: Indra, Yamaraja and the role of a normal man, Na. Azhagappan.Initially Thambi Ramaiah preferred to have Prakash Raj in the role of Yeman but Vadivelu insisted and performed three roles.
Unlike the male lead's role, the female lead's role took longer to confirm. Prominent actresses Shilpa Shetty became heavily linked to the project, however, after joining the Celebrity Big Brother household, she refused the role. Simran Bagga, a leading actress in the early 2000s, attempting a comeback was also considered as well as Vadivelu's previous heroine Tejashree. Eventually the roles went to Yamini Sharma and Suja. Other members of the cast announced at the time were Nassar, Sumithra, the director himself Thambi Ramaiah and another prominent director, Raj Kapoor.
Furthermore, surprisingly Shriya Saran, a top actress in South India was recruited to play the role of a ghost buster named Pidiaratha in a cameo role as well as feature in a single song titled, Mallika Sherawata? Marilyn Monroea?, after the role rejected by Trisha where she said, "I am not ready to dance in a comedian film." Namitha also wanted herself to be the part, but the director felt that the role not suitable for her. Saran mentioned, "I am really grateful to work with legendary comedy actor like Vadivelu sir."

 Release and reception 
The movie released on 1 February 2008 and the hype around the movie slowly started as this was Vadivelu's second film in which he starred as the hero. After a few days, this film was declared a flop mainly.
But it remains a cult classic in Television.

 References 

 External links 
Indiralohathil Na Azhagappan at IMDb

Idhu Kadhal Varum Paruvam
Idhu Kadhal Varum Paruvam (transl. It's an age of love) is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Kasthuri Raja. The film stars several newcomers including Harish and Lakshmi Priya alongside Kiran Rathod. Idhu Kaadhal Varum Paruvam targeted at the youth, is a bubbly film chronicling the coming of age of a teenager who is a school student.

 Plot 
Surya, the school-going 15 -year old boy finds himself attracted to his classmate Raji. Later he gets infatuated with a model Manasi (Kiran Rathod). Finally, his lust grows for a call girl Swarna (Lakshmi Priya).
As Swarna's husband is a pimp, she also shows some interest towards Surya. Surya and Swarna elope. But towards the end Swarna turns to preach. She advises Surya to be a good role model student and also to return to his parents.

 Cast 
Arish Kumar as Surya
Lakshmi Priya as Swarna
Kiran Rathod as Manasi
Baba Bhaskar as Ajees
Karunas
Preethi Puttani

 Production 
The songs are shot in different places, including Rameswaram, Kumbakkarai, Visakhapatnam, Kodaikkanal, Manjalaru Anai and Theni.

 Soundtrack 
Kasthuri Raja made his debut as music composer with this film and also written lyrics for all songs.
"Yugam Yugamai" — Aishwarya Kishore
"Sollamal Mudivatha" — Prasanna
"15 Vayasu" — Nitish Gopalan, Lavanya
"Paada Paduthum" — Jayadev, Padmalatha
"Kanja Adikalada" — Jayadev
"Kadhal Kadhal" — Nitish Gopalan, Anuradha Sriram

 Reception 
A critic from Chennai Online wrote that "The message if any, is wasted again, as his target-audience (?) would be nowhere in the theatre (A certificate). Fortunately!" A critic from BizHat wrote that "Alas Ithu Kathal Varum Paruvam isn’t sinfully enticing enough".

 References 

 External links 
Idhu Kadhal Varum Paruvam at IMDb

Ilakkanam
Ilakkanam (transl. Grammar) is a 2006 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by Chandraseyan, making his directorial debut. The film stars newcomer Vishnupriyan and Uma, with Vinu Chakravarthy, Bala Singh, Kadhal Sukumar, Chitti Babu, Sathyapriya, Anjali Devi, Sabitha Anand, Rohini and Rajashree playing supporting roles. The film, produced by M. C. Shanmugam, was released on 22 December 2006. The film won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize for Best Film.

 Plot 
In August 2005, the old protagonist Thamizharasan (Vishnupriyan) remembering his past.
In the past, Thamizharasan was an idealist and respectful young man who was fond of literature and he wanted to change society for the better. He left his village Mugaiyur (near Viluppuram) and joined a magazine named Vaigarai  in Chennai as a journalist. He was well liked by his colleagues and impressed by his work, his superiors promoted him as an assistant editor for managing the magazine as it was to become a fortnightly. Meanwhile, Thamizharasan's family found him a bride: Kayalvizhi (Uma). For his work, Thamizharasan had to write an article about a gang leader turned politician Manikkam who was also Thamizharasan's old friend. Thamizharasan met him and asked him to stop his illegal activities but Manikkam refused. One day, he was arrested for misbehaving with a woman at the bus stand. Kayalvizhi witnessed the whole scene and started to hate Thamizharasan. It was Manikkam's plan to teach him a lesson and Thamizharasan was then released by the police. Despite this, her family arranged her wedding with Thamizharasan. After the marriage, Kayalvizhi realized that Thamizharasan was a perfect gentleman. The couple had a girl and lived happily. During an outing with his family, a riot broke out following the death of a politician. Kayalvizhi was hit by a stone and rushed to the hospital where she entered the coma stage. Thereafter, she was declared brain death by doctors. In a twist of fate, the wife of the person who threw the stone which hit Kayalvizhi was in the hospital awaiting a heart transplant and Thamizharasan agreed to donate his wife's heart.
Thamizharasan then raised his daughter Panimalar on his own and she is now a district collector.

 Cast 

 Production 
Newcomer Vishnupriyan, credited as Ram, signed to play the hero in Ilakkanam opposite Uma. Before the release of the film, the film producer M. C. Shanmugam and director Chandraseyan had organised a special screening for the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu M. Karunanidhi. It was reported that he had enjoyed the film and was also impressed with the music score of Bhavatharini.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Bhavatharini, with lyrics written by Subramania Bharati, Bharathidasan, Piraisoodan, Pa. Vijay and Chandraseyan.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu praised the performance of the actors and said, "Nothing out of the world, but a decent fare definitely". Indiaglitz stated, "Chandraseyan's penchant for Tamil is evident in the movie. Even simple conversational English words, used by everyone in daily life, are translated into Tamil and used well. Bhavatharini's music lends support to the script. Chandraseyan deserves a pat for narrating a family tale sincerely and honestly".

 References 

 External links 
Ilakkanam at IMDb

I Love You Da
I Love You Da is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language action romance film directed by C. Raajadurai, starring Raju Sundaram and Simran, with Raghuvaran and Prakash Raj in supporting roles. The film, which had music composed by Bharadwaj, was released on 29 November 2002.

 Plot 
Raju is a small time cricketer who makes it big. Priya is his neighbour in love with him. But Raju pretends that he does not care for her, as he knows that his brother Madhan has a crush on her. This creates some confusion but finally the lovers get united.
In between Raju is selected in the Indian team and makes it to the World Cup. The finals are played between India and Pakistan. Priya's father is a bookie who tries to induce Raju into match fixing. But he does not fall into his trap and scores the required 20 runs to win the World Cup.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film marked the debut of choreographer Raju Sundaram as the protagonist in films, after he had appeared in item numbers as well as a supporting role in Shankar's Jeans. The director of the film was to be Raajadurai, who had been an erstwhile assistant of director Manoj Kumar during the making of Vaanavil. When the film began production in late 2001, a Telugu version titled I Love You Raa was also planned. Actress Simran, Raju Sundaram's girlfriend during the period, was signed to play the female lead role. The couple however split during the production of the film. Early reports suggested that noted South Indian cricketers including Sadagoppan Ramesh, Anil Kumble, Rahul Dravid and Javagal Srinath may feature as themselves in the film, but this proved to be untrue.Despite the completion of the film's scenes by early 2002, production delays meant that the film faced a belated release at the end of the year.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Bharadwaj.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu stated that the film "falls flat due to identifiable reasons — the director has not done his homework properly, the dialogue makes you squirm at times, none of the actors seems involved in the role taken up and to top it all the lead pair fails to make even a slight impression". Sify wrote "I Love You Da is like going to a barber for a trim, and ending up with a bald pate. The director attempts to articulate the craze for the game of cricket in India by focussing on a cricket star, but ends up by bowling a beamer to the audience!".

 References 

 External links 
I Love You Da at IMDb

Five Star (film)
5 Star is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language coming-of-age film directed by Susi Ganesan in his debut, starring Prasanna, Kanika (both in their acting debut), Krishna, Sandhya, Mangai, and Karthik.

 Plot 
The story focuses on five friends, Prabhu, Elango, Sundar, Indra, and Priya, at the Madras Institute of Technology, who want to remain friends throughout their lifespan and hope to join the same company after graduation. During a vacation, Elango goes home, where he is forced to marry his old-fashioned cousin, Eshwari, by his tough disciplinarian father. Once back in college, he hides the fact about his marriage from his friends, but later the marriage becomes public when relatives of Eshwari come to visit Elango. While their dream to work together becomes true, Elango alone gets a transfer to Bombay. The friends fight but later reunite. Before Elango goes to Bombay, the friends force him to visit his wife and put him on a train. But Elango manages to get off the train, and from there, he loses touch with his friends and family in the village.
The friends part, and six years later, Prabu and Sundar come back to join Priya and Indra in Chennai. On the train journey back, Prabu meets Elango's wife, Eshwari. Prabu falls in love with Eshwari without realising who she is. Eventually, he and his friends find out the truth about Eshwari, who is waiting with hopes of her husband returning. The four friends decided to help Eshwari find the whereabouts of Elango. One day, Prabu finds out that Elango might be in Switzerland. Prabu decides to go to Switzerland. Later, he finds Elango, but to his shock, Elango has a child and is married to a Swiss woman.
At the same time, in India, Elango's father commits suicide. Prabu returns to India and learns that everyone knows about Elango's marriage.
Eshwari decides to marry again and move on with life rather than thinking about Elango. Her village people decide to marry her off to one of her relatives, but she threatens them, telling them off and stating that she will decide her own life and no one is going to control her life any more. The story ends with all four friends and their husbands and wives, along with Eshwari, enjoying an evening at the beach.

 Cast 

 Production 
In March 1999, Susi Ganesan was able to convince producer Shanti Thiagarajan to fund his first feature film, after he left Mani Ratnam's team of assistant directors. The film was initially titled Thithikkum Thee and was to feature to Murali in the lead role of a firefighter. In return for producing his first film, Shanti Thiagarajan requested Ganesan to also work on another film starring her son Prashanth in the lead role and consequently, Ganeshan finalised a script titled Pepsi: Generation Next. In a turn of events, Prashanth replaced Murali in the director's first project, which was retitled as Virumbugiren in early 2000. Pepsi was later supposed to star Madhavan in a lead role, but he eventually did not feature as the team opted for newcomers.For the heroine, Ganesan spotted her on a magazine cover page and insisted on her performing the lead female role in his second feature film. Divya eventually entered the Film industry, accepting the offer, while her name was changed to Kanika. She completed the entire film during her summer holidays, since she was a student. Prasanna who was doing college at that time saw an ad on Vijay TV that Madras Talkies was auditioning for newcomers, he applied and got selected. For other lead roles, Karthik, the son of a Tirupur businessman, Krishna, an earlier assistant to director Rajiv Menon, Sandhya, a model and also a former Ms. Chennai, and Mangaikarasi, a dancer based in Sweden. the film marked the debut of cameraman Ravi Varman in Tamil cinema. Singer Anuradha Sriram and her husband Sriram Parasuram made their debut as music directors with this film. The film had a 10-day shooting schedule at the M.I.T. College where Susi Ganesan had studied, followed by a 15-day schedule in Switzerland where some scenes and two songs were shot.

 Soundtrack 
Music was composed by Sriram Parasuram and Anuradha Sriram.

 Reception 
Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "Some young promising talent, a story centered round youth and their aspirations, the fulfillment of some, the disillusionment of others, stylised takings and a sincere attempt to give an entertainer sans vulgarity and double entendres, makes 'Five Star' a clean, fairly engaging family entertainer." Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, "Susi Ganesan's youthful, hard-hitting dialogue and a fairly neat screenplay are notable aspects of the film — the story and direction, also by him are done with a difference".

 References 

 External links 
Five Star at IMDb

Inimey Nangathan
Inimey Nangathan (transl. Hereafter We Are) is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language animated children's film, directed by Venkybaboo. It was the first Tamil film to be animated. The film went unnoticed due to the lack of big stars. The film won the National Film Award for Best Animated Film.

 Plot 
The film depicts Vichu, Varadhu, Vaithi, and Govind as four friends who earn their livelihood doing Kathakalakshepam. They want to become rich and famous. They come across an old lady, who advises them to meet a Swamiji; she tells them she will help them become rich overnight. The Swamiji agrees to help them, but on one condition, they should retrieve a holy necklace from Rakshasas.
The four friends set out to the cave, where they meet a colorful character from the sea in a golden palace. They reach a flowing desert, where Govind pushes them into a pit and then a very tall mountain rises, closing Govind's story.
The others reach a hill with stones. Varadhu wants to kill them, so he pushes a big stone onto them. Varadhu eats a fruit given to him by the Swamiji. Since he ate the full fruit, he becomes very fat and his face gets stuck in a doorway. This is the end of Varadhu.
Vaithi does not listen to Vichu and says that all the diamonds belong to him. He pushes Vichu into a valley. The diamonds become weapons, touching Vaithi, and his body disappears. If he goes out of the cave, he blends into the air. This is the end of Vaithi.
Vichu falls into the valley. He finds the holy necklace, but a rakshas guards it. Vichu fights with the rakshas and takes the necklace.
Later Vichu gives the necklace to the Swamiji. In exchange for the holy necklace, the Swamiji gives the golden palace to Vichu, but Vichu refuses. He tells her that he has gotten what he wanted in his journey and goes back to his village. The Swamiji tells him telepathically that he will come back, so she will wait for him. The film ends with a golden cow following Vichu.

 Cast 
M.S. Bhaskar as Vishwanathan a.k.a. Vichu
Pandu as Varadarajan a.k.a. Varadhu
Vasu Vikram as Vaidyanathan a.k.a. Vaithi
Maaran as Venkata Govindarajan a.k.a. Govind
Murali Kumar as Priest

 Music 
Songs were composed by Ilaiyaraaja

 See also 
Indian animation industry
List of Indian animated feature films

 References 

 External links 

February 14 (film)
February 14 is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by debutant S. P. Hosimin. Produced by Sri Saravanaa  Creations, the film stars Bharath and Renuka Menon, whilst its soundtrack was composed by Bharadwaj. Having proved his acting skills in Kaadhal (2004), Bharath has yet again given a matured performance. The movie received positive reviews and was a box office hit.

 Plot 
Shiva enters into St.Peters college, Bangalore and meets Pooja, who was born and brought up in the United States and has come to India to stay with her grandparents while completing her college education. Shiva falls in love with her but soon realises that their characters are totally different. Pooja feels alone, like a fish out of water in India and she wants to return to the US. So Shiva thinks about a  plan to get her to stay and he expresses his love to her by creating a fictitious character MR X but never reveals about the character till the end.  Pooja who got impressed by MR X refuses to see him in the later stage but understand and accepts Shiva's true love.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Bharadwaj.

 References 

 External links 
February 14 at IMDb

Kalinga (film)
Kalinga is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Ram Prabha and produced by Paul Brothers. The film stars Bala and Nandana, while Janagaraj and Rajan P. Dev play supporting roles. The music was composed by D. Imman, and the film was released on 26 May 2006.

 Cast 

 Production 
In March 2005, scenes were shot amid the public at Neelangarai Beach in Chennai.  Nandana worked on the film in 2006 alongside her commitments for the unreleased film, Joker.

 Soundtrack 

 Reception 
Malini Mannath, a critic from Chennai Online, wrote "it's a more painful one for the audience to sit through it" and that "it's like the director had somewhere along the way lost track of his script and given up on his film". A reviewer from Cinesouth wrote "there was nothing worth mentioning" and that "except for a few rare scenes, none are worth mentioning and director Ram Prabha is indeed lucky to have got a producer".

 References 

Girivalam (film)
Girivalam  is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film directed by Shivraj. The film stars Shaam, Richard, Roshini and Anamica. it is a remake of 2002 Hindi film Humraaz.

 Plot 
Arjun heads a dance troupe, and Priya, one of the dancers in the troupe, is in love with him. Their aim is to be the permanent fixture at the hotel of Giriprasad, a millionaire. They lose the competition but still see their dream realized when the lead dancer in the winning troupe dies in an accident. Soon, Giriprasad falls for Priya, and his sincerity makes her reciprocate his feelings. It turns out that Arjun was trying to get Priya to marry Giriprasad to get the latter's money.
However, Swetha, another dancer from Arjun's troupe, later learns of Arjun's actions. She blackmails Karan to give her money or else she will tell Giriprasad and the police about the death of the lead dancer from the winning troupe. It turns out that Arjun intentionally killed the lead dancer of the winning troupe. Arjun meets Swetha at the designated place to hand her the money but he instead kills her. While Arjun is not around, just before dying, Swetha calls Giriprasad to reveal the truth. However, Giriprasad is not in his office, so the call ends up in the voice mailbox instead.
Affected by the problem of selecting a nice husband over a personal career, Priya is walking home and suddenly meets with an accident. However, she later wakes up from her coma after having a nightmare. She also learns that Giriprasad is fasting for two days. Priya tells Arjun that she will not divorce Giriprasad. Arjun is very upset and decides to get revenge on Priya and Giriprasad. In order to save his life, Priya gives her jewelry to Arjun. Arjun calls Giriprasad privately from a public phone and lies to him that Priya loves Arjun and she is giving away the money that she stole from Giriprasad to Arjun. Giriprasad follows Priya and finds out that Priya is indeed meeting Arjun and giving her jewelry to him. Giriprasad is puzzled. Later, he also finds out about Swetha's recording in his office.
Giriprasad blackmails Arjun by making him listen to the tape to kill Priya. Giriprasad explains all the points of the plan all the way up to the plan and tells Arjun that he will call on the landline and Arjun will attack Priya when she picks up the phone. Giriprasad tells Arjun that the phone should not be disconnected when she picks up the phone because he wants to hear Priya scream when she is about to die. Meanwhile, Priya is not aware of the plan, and she wants to confess everything to Giriprasad in an audio recording and she also wants to replace the tape with the music cassette in Giriprasad's car. In the recordings, she says that if Giriprasad has forgiven her, he should give her a call or she will leave him forever.
Giriprasad is unaware of the tape because he is in the middle of a meeting with an employee that day. Arjun enters the house as told and is expecting the call. At the same time, Priya is also waiting for a call from Giriprasad, assuming he is going to forgive her. Giriprasad calls the landline as planned and Priya answers the phone. Arjun attacks her at the same time and makes sure Giriprasad hears her screaming. Giriprasad later gets in the car and listens to the tape in horror. He rushes to Priya's house to save her; however, he sees the police and an ambulance waiting at the house when he arrives.
It is revealed that Priya was saved and Arjun was the one who saved her. Meanwhile, the person who actually attacked Priya is a small thief, who is dead. Arjun then tells Giriprasad that there is nothing he can prove by using Swetha's cassette. He blackmails Giriprasad by telling him he recorded the meeting with him about the murder and gives Giriprasad three options for his life: Giriprasad should either divorce Priya, go to jail, or commit suicide. The following day, Giriprasad meets Arjun at the designated spot, rips up Arjun's contract, and decides to go to prison for 14 years, intending to kill Arjun. Both men break out in a fight where four other men (who happen to be Giriprasad's supporters) also join the fight, but they are killed by Arjun. Arjun is about to kill Giriprasad when the former is confronted by Priya. Arjun tells Priya about Giriprasad's plan to kill her, but she says that she is aware of it. Arjun shoots Priya, and Giriprasad runs to kill Arjun. Giriprasad beats up Arjun terribly, and Arjun is about to kill Giriprasad when Priya (who was actually still alive) shoots Arjun multiple times with Arjun's gun and he slowly dies. In the end, Giriprasad and Priya reunite together.

 Cast 
Shaam as Arjun
Richard as Giriprasad
Roshini as Priya
Anamica as Swetha
Charle as Pavadai
K. Rajan as Wedding Guest
Ramesh Khanna as Gowrishankar
K. R. Indira as Giriprasad's grandmother
T. Shivraaj as himself

 Production 
The film is directed by Shivraj, who previously helmed Adi Thadi (2004) and is the second venture of Variety Frames after Kadhal Kirukkan (2003). It is a remake of the Hindi film Humraaz (2002). After the failure of Kadhal Virus (2002), Richard accepted this film after his brother-in-law Ajith Kumar okayed the script. Shaam played a negative role in the film while Richard plays the rich husband. Newcomer Tanu Roy plays Richard's wife. The film was being shot during August 2004, and the film was almost done shooting during September 2004.

 Soundtrack 
The music was by Deva, while the lyrics were composed by Piraisoodan, Snehan and Pa. Vijay. The song "Nee Yaaro Nee Yaaro" is a remake of the song "Bardaasht Nahin Kar Sakta" from the original Hindi film Humraaz and it is also the only song from the original Hindi version.

 Release 
The film released alongside the low budget films Gurudeva and Thaka Thimi Tha and did not fare well at the box office. One critic stated that "The movie gets too convoluted for its own good towards the end".

 References 

 External links 
Girivalam at Rotten Tomatoes

Ilaiyavan
Ilaiyavan (transl. Young Man) is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Babu. The film featured Sathyan alongside Kausalya, while Sivakumar and Srividya play supporting roles. The film, which had music composed by Ilaiyaraaja, opened on 22 September 2000.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film marked the acting debut of Sathyan, nephew of actor Sathyaraj and son of producer Madhampatti Sivakumar.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja and released by Saregama.

 Release and reception 
The film opened in September 2000 to mixed reviews, with a critic noting that the film fails due to the miscasting of the lead actor. A reviewer from The Hindu noted "melodious music, enchanting visuals, good dialogues, all these and other plus points offset the mediocre screenplay of Shenbagam Movies Ilayavan". A critic from Sify wrote that "Debutant Sathyan, nephew and look-alike of actor Sathyaraj with an ungainly gait and irritatingly squeaky voice is not hero stuff. Director T.Babu has chosen the wrong vehicle to make his debut. Kausalya either goes around with a plastic grin plastered on her face or spits fire and brimstone and shrieks like a banshie.
Some characters! Some story!! And some film!!!"

 References 

Gnabagangal
Gnabagangal (transl. Memories) is a 2009 Tamil-language drama film directed by M. Jeevan. It stars lyricist Pa. Vijay (in his acting debut) and Sridevika.
This is a remake of the Hindi film Raincoat (2004), with only difference in the purpose of protagonist's visit to his ex-love.

 Cast 
Pa. Vijay as Kadhiravan aka Meerapriyan
Sridevika as Meera
Nizhalgal Ravi
Thennavan
Bava Lakshmanan
Thalapathy Dinesh
Silandhi Chandru

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by debutant James Vick.
"Gnabagam Illayo" - S. P. Balasubrahmanyam
"Azhage" - Krish
"Ammannu Solrathu" - Krish
"Ennadi" - Tippu, Anuradha Sriram
"Kadalil" - Karthik, Suchithra
"Unnal Mudiyum" - Tippu

 Critical reception 
Sify wrote "The story is as old as the hills, and it is hard to believe that it is based on a real life experience of Vijay's friend during his struggling dates. There is no logic and reason in Vijay's story, as it is screeching, sentimental, soap style, over the top melodrama suited more for the Tamil stage of the 50s". Behindwoods wrote "Gnabagangal has the kind of story that poses the risk of sounding way over-the-top melodramatic or just plain clichéd, if the treatment lacked sensibility." Rediff wrote "The screenplay is one huge yawn-fest potted with inadvertent comical situations, mostly provided by Pa Vijay himself. The man, together with director Jeevan, needs a couple of hundred acting and screenplay-writing classes. Meantime, maybe Pa Vijay should stick to lyrics." Times of India wrote "The film has enough drama and pathos, but too goes too much into the conversation mode."

 References 

 External links 
Gnabagangal at Oneindia.in

Kann Thirandhu Paaramma
Kann Thirandhu Paaramma (transl. Goddess, please open your eyes and watch) is a 2000 Tamil-language Hindu devotional film directed by L. C. Selva. The film stars Sangita and Ranjith, while Indhu and Vasu Vikram also appear in supporting roles. The film was released on 4 August 2000. The film was dubbed in Hindi as"Devi Tere Roop Anek".

 Cast 
Sangita as Gayatri and Amman
Ranjith
Indhu
Y. Vijaya
Babu Mohan
Mahanadhi Shankar
Vasu Vikram
Chaplin Balu
Mahendran
Ra. Sankaran

 Production 
United & Co, who worked as distributors for over 505 films, opted to make their first production through the film and opted to spend heavily on visual effects. The director, Selva, had previously apprenticed under K. Vijayan.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by newcomer S. P. Eeswar.
"Amman Solai"
"Unnai Thaane Amman Endru" (happy version) (Sujatha Mohan)
"Unnai Thaane Amman Endru" (Sad version) (K. S. Chitra)

 References 

Independence Day (2000 film)
Independence Day is a 2000 Indian action drama film shot in Tamil and Kannada, directed by A. R. Ramesh. The film stars Sai Kumar, Arun Pandian, Roja and Ranjitha.  Music for the film was composed by Deva and the film opened to mixed reviews in August 2000.

 Cast 
Sai Kumar
Arun Pandian
Roja
Ranjitha
Rockline Venkatesh
Anandaraj
Chandrasekhar
Vinaya Prasad
Mukhyamantri Chandru
Alphonsa
Pandu
Baby Jennifer

 Production 
The film was launched in 1997 as a bilingual and progressed slowly through production, having a delayed release. A Telugu version was also considered in 1998, but the venture was later dubbed into the language.

 Release 
The film had a delayed release in Tamil and Kannada during August 2000, and performed poorly at the box office. The failure of the film led to complications in the release of the Telugu film, Badrinath (2011), as the distributor Ramu claimed that the producer Madhusudhan Reddy had breached his trust during the release of Independence Day (2000).

 Soundtrack 
The film's soundtrack was composed by Deva.

 References 

Kaanal Neer
Kaanal Neer (transl. Mirage) is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Chinni Jayanth. The film stars J. K. Rithesh, Chinni Jayanth and Manisha Chatterjee. It was released on 12 April 2007.

 Cast 
J. K. Rithesh as Rajvel
Chinni Jayanth as Pari
Manisha Chatterjee as Lakshmi
Sarjit as Shakthi
Ambuli as Durai Singam
Alex
Sathyapriya
Devan
Ponnambalam
Scissor Manohar
Suja in an item number

 Production 
The film's lead actor J. K. Rithesh produced the film, and spent significantly on the marketing of the film.

 Reception 
The film was released on 12 April 2007. A critic from ChennaiOnline wrote "it's not a hyped film or one that boasts of big names, but it has its light moments, and it's a much better crafted film than the director's earlier effort, Unakkaga Mattum (2000)". A review from IndiaGlitz.com noted "though it is a beaten-to-bush story, Chinni Jayanth, with lesser known artistes around, has tried his best to come up with an engrosser". A reviewer from IndiaReel noted "trying to present a serious movie on friendship, Chinni and new face Ritheesh have succeeded in giving a hip-roaring comedy film and tested the patience of audience in each and every scene".The film did not perform well at the box office.

 References 

 External links 
Kaanal Neer at IMDb

Inbaa
Inbaa is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language masala film directed by S.T. Vendan. The film stars Shaam and Sneha, with Arun Pandian in an antagonistic role. It was released on 21 March 2008. The film marks the third collaboration between Shaam and Sneha after Yai! Nee Romba Azhaga Irukey! and ABCD.

 Plot 
Inba is a rough character who works under Priya's brother, Malai Ganesan, as a bodyguard of Priya. Priya is an usurious girl, spending most of the time with her friends and absenting herself from the college several times. Hence Malai Ganeshan employs Inba, his faithful servant to guard Priya's activities. Priya insults him several times since she was not interested in somebody guarding her all the time. Priya falls for Inba, but he rejects it. In the meantime, Malai Ganeshan learns of the love affair and opposes it by beating up Inba. Inba opens flashback and the rest of story describes how Priya makes him understand his love and finally succeeds in his love after overcoming the hurdles and obstacles laid by Malai Ganeshan.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film began production as Thooral. Shaam was signed to play an auto driver and grew a beard for his role in the film.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by P. B. Balaji.

 Release and reception 
A critic from Rediff.com gave the film a rating of one out of five stars and wrote that "Everybody spouts the standard lines (what was dialogue-writer Subha thinking?) and once the climax is done, you heave yourself off the cramped seats with relief". Sudhish Kamath from The Hindu wrote that "By all means, go for Inba. It's the most inspiring piece of Tamil cinema. If this chap can make a movie, so can you". A critic from Sify gave the film a verdict of below average and wrote that "The film fails to entertain as the twists and turns are predictable, the Shaam- Sneha romance leaves you cold, and music of P.B Balaji is worth a snore not even one humable number. It is another banal formula film to be avoided".Following the success of Kick, the film was partially reshot in Telugu as Neelo Naalo with actors Sunil and Junior Relangi. The Telugu version was directed by Nandhu and featured Kothapalli Ramakrishna as the cinematographer.

 References 

 External links 
Inbaa at IMDb

Kalakkura Chandru
Kalakkura Chandru is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language comedy drama film directed by the duo Ravi-Raja. The movie stars Karthik, Radha Ravi and Pandiarajan,  It was a remake of Malayalam film One Man Show (2001) but failed to repeat the success at the box office.

 Cast 
Karthik as Chandru
Radha Ravi as Ravi Verma
Pandiarajan as Singampuli
Bhuvana as Shweta
Urvashi as Host
Mohan Raman as Advocate
Singamuthu as Muthu
Balu Anand as Police inspector
Bayilvan Ranganathan as Veera Verma
Alex as Doctor

 Production 
Ravi and Raja who earlier directed low-budget devotional films like Subramaniaswamy and Aarumugaswamy announced in 2005 that their next directorial is titled as Adhirshtham. The film is a remake of Malayalam blockbuster One Man Show directed by Shafi and starred Jayaram. Karthik appeared in this film thus making his comeback, he claimed that he selected this film because he wanted his comeback to be different.

 Soundtrack 
Music was composed by Sunil Xavier.
"Echampai"
"Macham Konda"
"Nagakannil"
"Sollava Naan Sollava"

 Release and reception 
After two years of making, the film was finally released on 14 January 2007 on the eve of Pongal with low publicity.
Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "For fans of Karthik it will be a let down. For neither the actor nor the film works at any level". The Hindu wrote "Anything well begun raises expectations. A film that starts with an interesting scene makes the viewers sit up for a fairly sumptuous fare. Thus when `Kalakkarae Chandru' opens with a scene a la the famous `Kaun Banega Crorepati' one's curiosity is aroused. But as the film progresses one realises with dismay that it is about the one and only gripping segment. It is again a case of the director unable to make use of a good theme".

 References 

 External links 
Kalakkura Chandru at IMDb

Inidhu Inidhu Kadhal Inidhu
Inidhu Inidhu Kadhal Inidhu is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romance film directed by Sakthi Chidambaram, and produced by Ramoji Rao. The film stars Jai Akash and Neha, with Hamsavardhan and Monica in supporting roles. The film, a remake of the successful 2001 Telugu film Anandam, released on 8 May 2003 to mixed reviews.

 Cast 

 Production 
The venture was a remake of the Srinu Vaitla's successful 2001 Telugu film Anandam, with the lead actor Jai Akash retained in his role.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Devi Sri Prasad, with lyrics written by Vairamuthu.

 Release and reception 
The film opened to mixed reviews with a critic noting "Inidhu Inidhu Kaadhal Inidhu manages to stand out, even if only slightly, from the rest of the entries. The fact that the romance takes awhile to arrive and does so in an unexpected fashion gets this Telugu remake a few more points than the other romantic movies." Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu revealed "the film drags on for 45 minutes — absolutely exasperating." Chennai Online wrote "The Director does make some attempts to give some little touches that would make his narration interesting. But there are too many lagging moments in the film".In 2013, Jai Akash announced that he was working towards directing a sequel to the film titled Anandam Aarambam and had cast a completely new team from the original however it was shelved.

 References 

Giri (film)
Giri is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language action comedy film written and directed by Sundar C, starring Arjun Sarja in the lead role, with Ramya, Reema Sen, Devayani, Vadivelu, and Prakash Raj among others enacting supporting roles. The film was released on 1 October 2004 and become a profitable venture at the box office and was remade in Kannada in 2020 as Shivarjuna starring his nephew Chiranjeevi Sarja. This film is also noted to be actress Khushbu's productional debut in her production company house Avni Cinemax. The film was dubbed into Telugu under the same name.

 Plot 
Veerapandi Puram and Soolachery are two villages, which are on either side of a river and are always feuding as the headmen Veerasamy and Sethupathy have personal enmity. Due to some misunderstanding regarding Sethupathy's children's death, Sethupathy seeks revenge against Veerasamy and tries to kill Veerasamy's son Suryaprakash, but Suryaprakash is saved by his servant's son Giri, where Suryaprakash suddenly disappears. 20 years later, Shiva arrives in Kumbakonam with a mission to protect DSP Chandrashekhar's wife and his son from Sethupathy and his gangsters, where he lives with a bakery owner named Veerabagu. During a wedding reception, Shiva saves Chandrashekhar's family from being murdered by Sethupathy's son. When questioned about his identity, it is revealed that Shiva is actually Giri and Chandrashekhar was actually Suryaprakash whom Sethupathy had killed after learning about his real identity. To protect the rest of the family, Giri was sent to bring them back to the village. In the present, Giri wipes out Sethupathy and his family during a boat race, thus avenging Suryaprakash's death.

 Cast 

 Production 
The producer of the film did not pay popular Kannada actress Ramya for the film because the film was not released in Karnataka.

 Soundtrack 
Music and background score were handled by D. Imman. The song "Dai Kaiya Vechikitu Summa Iruda" was a hit number of all the tracks in the album.

 Reception 
Giri received mediocre reviews from critics.
Indiaglitz wrote "the story sinks in the quagmire of pulp and predictability". Behindwoods wrote "The story of the film is very well predictable to the climax. This film is not Sundar C's exceptional best. He was confused on satisfying the Telugu and the Tamil viewers at the same time (This film is also produced in Telugu), bringing in an average film."

 References 

 External links 
Giri at IMDb

Kamarasu
Kamarasu is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by P. C. Anbazhagan. It starred Murali, Laila, Vadivelu, Vennira Aadai Nirmala and Srividya. The film was produced by P.S.K. Karunakaran and distributed by R. B. Choudary in the banner of Super Good Films. The music composed by S. A. Rajkumar were a success, however the film was released to negative reviews.

 Plot 
Kamarasu (Murali) hails from a village and is employed as a driver with an industrialist Latha (Srividya), who treats Kamarasu as her own son. Kamarasu is very affectionate towards his widowed mother (Vennira Aadai Nirmala) and takes care of her. Kamarasu falls in love with Vasanthi (Laila), who also hails from his village. Kamarasu is kind towards everyone and earns the love of the villagers. Unfortunately, Kamarasu's mother passes away, which shatters Kamarasu. However, he comes back to normal with the help of Vasanthi's love and affection. A few days later, Vasanthi also passes away due to a lightning strike, which makes Kamarasu worry a lot. Kamarasu decides to spend the rest of his life serving the needy people as he has lost both his mother and lover. Latha takes care of Kamarasu, and he sees her as his mother. One day, Latha and her daughters meet with an accident and are admitted in a hospital with multiple organ failure. The doctor (Chandrasekhar) informs Kamarasu that Latha needs a heart transplant immediately, while her daughters need other organ transplants such as liver, eyes, etc. Kamarasu requests the doctor to take his organs, thereby saving Latha and her daughters, for which the doctor does not agree. Kamarasu kills himself by jumping out of the window so that his organs can be donated to Latha and her daughters. The doctor performs the transplantations, which saves Latha and her daughters. Knowing this, Latha feels sad but at the same time proud about Kamarasu's sacrifice. The movie ends with a message about organ donations.

 Cast 

 Production 
Director Anbazhagan had proposed the story to Choudary in 1998 during a coincidental meeting on Marina Beach and subsequently impressed him after reading a collection of short poems and stories he had written, before being given the opportunity to narrate a story.The film was delayed for two years, with Choudary reviving it for release.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by S. A. Rajkumar. "Paathi Nila" is based on "Ye Swapnalokala" from Suswagatham.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "KAMARASU" IS late by at least three decades. Obsolete in concept, characterisation and presentation, a sense of déjà vu sets in very early." Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "With a script of this type, the cast could hardly do much here. There is a lot of unintended humour, some of the shots are repeated over and over, the director seeming to lose track of the characterisation and ambience".

 References 

Herova? Zerova?
Herova? Zerova? (transl. Hero or Zero?) is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language short docudrama produced by Suriya. Sponsored by the Ministry of Education of Tamil Nadu, the 5-minute film was directed by V. Priya with cinematography by K. V. Anand and music by Harris Jayaraj. It was featured on Kalaignar TV and officially uploaded to YouTube, but was later removed.
The film highlighted the importance of childhood education and sought to create awareness of early dropouts and child labour in Tamil Nadu. In the intro of the film, then-chief minister M. Karunanidhi recites his own poem on education. Along with Suriya, actors R. Madhavan, Jyothika and Vijay (in order of appearance) feature as themselves.

 Cast 
Vijay as himself
R. Madhavan as himself
Jyothika as herself
Suriya as himself

 References 

Kanna (film)
Kanna is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film by Anand starring Raja and Sheela.

 Plot 
The story takes place in Coimbatore, where Annapoorani, the daughter of Raghunath, a managing director of a company, has everything in life; loving family and friends and, studies in year 10 in a Catholic secondary school. She goes on a school organised educational tour to Ooty with her class mates and is accompanied by her class teacher Aashirvaatham and her biology teacher.
Whilst they were staying in a bungalow in Ooty, Poorani meets Kannaa, a florist by profession. Kannaa is introduced as Eric to the tourist group and agrees to be the group's tour guide on the request of the bungalow's caretaker. Since meeting, both Poorani and Kannaa are at loggerheads. Though Kannaa enjoys teasing her in a friendly manner knowing Poorani's wariness, Poorani seems to think that he has bad intentions. Eventually, her animosity towards him vanishes and she begins to develop an interest in him.
When Annapoorani returns to Coimbatore, she is unable to forget Kannaa and longs to be with him. One day when her friend tells her of how she is planning to meet her boyfriend in person, Poorani becomes influenced and decided to meet Kannaa in person with a gift in hand. She borrows a Scooter and leaves to Ooty. On the way, the bike breaks down, so she continues her journey on foot. In the meantime at home, her parents panic when they find that she has not returned from school and begin searching for her everywhere.
The rest of the movie depicts the learnings of Annapoorani, who is at the cusp of becoming an adult, on life and responsibilities.

 Cast 
Raja as Eric aka. Kannaa
Sheela as Annapoorani aka. Poorani
Prakash Raj as Raghunath, Annapoorani's father
Seetha as Annapoorani's mother
Livingston as Aashirvaatham Sir, Annapoorani's class teacher
Sona Nair as Teacher
Crane Manohar as Bus driver

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Ranjit Barot.
"Kuyil Paadum" - Shreya Ghoshal
"Ragasiya Kanna" - Sujatha
"Thullum" - Balaraman, Mahalakshmi Iyer
"Sembaruthi" - Manikka Vinayagam, Mukesh Mohamed, Vinaya
"Aayiram Kelvigal" - Hariharan
"Azhagiya Penne" - Karthik

 Reception 
Indiaglitz wrote "Debutant director Anand has to be appreciated for choosing a poignant story without restoring to gimmicks." Behindwoods wrote "Kanna on the whole, is a well made product. The director must be appreciated for what he has brought out on screen." Sify wrote "Director Anand has come out with a sweet movie with a nice message that shows how an adolescent mind due to immaturity falls to infatuation. However the trouble with the film is that it moves at snail pace, and is made like a mushy television serial." Rediff said "movie that tries very hard to be subtle and sensuous, exhibiting the Art of Love but instead falls flat on its face."

 References 

Innoruvan
Innoruvan (transl. Another man) is a 2009 Tamil-language comedy drama film directed by S. T. Gunasekaran. The film stars newcomers Adithya and Manoha, with Visu, Manivannan, M. S. Bhaskar, Kadhal Dhandapani, R. Aravindraj, Pasi Sathya, Vincent Roy, P. R. Varalakshmi, and Crane Manohar playing supporting roles. It was released on 6 March 2009.

 Plot 
Siva (Adithya) is a naive ragpicker who works for Vaali (M. S. Bhaskar) and lives with his widow mother (Pasi Sathya). His life changes when he meets a judge (Visu) who motivates him and lectures him about Swami Vivekananda's principles and philosophies. Siva dreams to buy a closed paper mill, so he decides to work hard and with positive thinking to realize his dream. In the meantime, Siva falls in love with the college student Kavinaya (Manoha), daughter of the greedy politician Sadhasivam (Manivannan). Siva starts to woo her, and it annoys Kavinaya. Therefore, she and her father get Siva arrested, and the police brutally beat him up. Thereafter, Kavinaya understands Siva's feelings and eventually accepts his true love. Sadhasivam cheats the local minister and idol smuggler Aranganayagam (Kadhal Dhandapani). He takes away his 1000 crores of rupees and escapes with the money. Aranganayagam's henchmen then try to abduct Kavinaya, but Siva comes to her rescue and saves her. Thereafter, Siva gets a bank loan thanks to the help of a well-wisher and rents a paper-mill. With the support of a corrupt cop (Vincent Roy), Aranganayagam once again abducts Kavinaya. To save his lover, Siva steals a Murugan idol in a famous temple and hides it in Aranganayagam's house. When the police search into Aranganayagam's house, they find several idols and arrests him; thus, Kavinaya is saved. The film ends with Siva buying the paper mill of his dream.

 Cast 

 Production 
S. T. Gunasekaran, a former associate of director R. Aravindraj, made his directorial debut with Innoruvan. The film was launched on 5 April 2008 at the AVM Studios in Chennai. Newcomers Adithya and Manoha were signed to play the lead roles. Veteran actors like Visu, Manivannan, Dhandapani, M. S. Bhaskar and Crane Manohar were hired to play prominent roles. G. Kanagaraj took care of camera works while Aadhish Uthriyan scored the music and the editing was handled by R. T. Annadurai. Actor M. S. Bhaskar sang a Gaana song in the film. The film was shot in Pondicherry, Courtallam and Ambasamudram.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Aadhish Uthriyan. The soundtrack, released in 2009, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by S. P. Chandrasekar, Kadhalmadhi and S. T. Gunasekaran.

 Release 
The film was released on 6 May 2009 alongside three other films.

 Critical reception 
Behindwoods.com rated the film 0.5 out of 5 and wrote, "Most of the scenes in the movie border in on repulsiveness and you are sure to frown in more scenes than one for the same reason". A critic wrote, "The director has far-stretched the theme and made it a fantasy fare with needless romance, stunt and oft-seen comedy sequences. At one point of time, it begins on a path that is much easily predictable". Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff.com rated the film 1.5 out of 5 and said, "Innoruvan is 20 years too late". A reviewer rated the film 2 out of 5 and stated, "The performances by the lead pair was good and if the makers had focused on the quality and the content of the story then it could have worked out even better". S. R. Ashok Kumar of The Hindu said, "Atchaya Multi Media’s ‘Innoruvan’ has a positive message with a neat story line on which bank the happenings. But the main problem with it is the commercial elements".

 Box office 
The film took a below average opening at the Chennai box office.

 References 

Kaatrukkenna Veli
Kaatrukkenna Veli (transl. Why does the wind need a fence?) is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language war drama film directed by Pugazhendhi Thangaraj. The film stars Sujitha and Sriman, with Khushbu, C. Arun Pandian, Chandrasekhar, Sudhangan, Sakthi Kumar, Arulmani, Kalairani, Diana and Premi playing supporting roles. The film, produced by T. Vellaiyan, was released on 14 November 2001.

 Plot 
Manimekalai is a young LTTE freedom fighter. During a battle in Valvettithurai (northeast coast of Sri Lanka), she is seriously injured in the leg. Her other colleagues take her on a boat and are headed to India. They land in Point Calimere (India). With the help of an Indian Tamil intermediate, they reach a hospital in Nagapattinam.
The doctor Subhash Chandra Bose, also known as Subhash, first refuses to treat Manimekalai because it is an illegal matter. After seeing her leg's condition, he finally accepts to operate her but Manimekalai does not want to have her leg amputated. It was a sensitive case, the doctors successfully operate her leg but it's only temporary. Her leg could be at any time collapsed and she could die of it. Subhash doesn't understand why she risks her life for her leg and she tells him her past.
In the past, Manimekalai was a cheerful and careless girl. After failing a class twice, she left school. One day, the disabled woman Lakshmi had just moved in next door. Lakshmi and Manimekalai became good friends and spent time singing songs. Everything went well until a LTTE soldier got killed by Sri Lanka Army in Lakshmi's home. Thereafter, the army started to threaten them, Manimekalai ran away from the place while Lakshmi stayed there. The same night, Lakshmi set herself on fire. Later, Manimekalai joined the LTTE.
After listening to her tragic past, Subhash promises her to not call the police and he accepts to let her in the hospital ward for a month. The Tamil Nadu police receive very often information letters from the Sri Lankan government and this time it's about the LTTE group staying in a hospital. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja, with lyrics written by Subramania Bharati.

 Release and reception 
The film was initially banned by the Censor Board because of its sympathetic portrayal of the LTTE, and negative portrayal of Sri Lankan soldiers. Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, "The way the story has been dealt with is quite interesting — till the last few scenes when the proceedings drag". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online opined that "Writer-director Pugazhendi Thangaraj's 'Kaatrukkenna Veli' comes as a whiff of fresh air". Visual Dasan of Kalki rated the film "above average".

 See also 
Portrayals of Sri Lankan Tamils in Indian cinema

 References 

 External links 
Kaatrukkenna Veli at IMDb

Kadhal Kirukkan
Kadhal Kirukkan (transl. Love crazy man) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film, written and directed by Sakthi Chidambaram, starring Parthiban, Richa Pallod, Vineeth and Vadivelu. The film is the Tamil remake of Hindi film Deewangee (2002).

 Plot 
Saravanan and Selvi Maha are childhood friends. Saravanan is so madly in love with Maha that it turns him into a killer. Knifing or gunning down anyone who comes in the way of Maha and himself, is almost child's play for Saravanan. From an old man to a posse of policemen, his victims are many and the mayhem is endless. But listlessness and dejection set in when Maha tells him that she is not in love with him. And then it's time for the denouement.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Deva. The soundtrack, released in 2003, features 6 tracks. Lyrics were written by Pa. Vijay, Kabilan, Snehan, Deva Kumar and Sakthi Chidambaram.

 Reception 
The Hindu wrote "IF THE story borrowed needs to be refurbished, it ought to be done. So when "Deewangee" comes to Tamil as "Kadhal Kirukkan" (from Variety Films) the director could have improved upon the original, instead of just being satisfied with the introduction of a new comedy track. All the same, "Kirukkan" has his bright moments too". Chennai Online wrote "Finally, the director’s earlier films ‘Ennamma Kannu’ and ‘Charlie Chaplin’ were light-hearted entertainers. The director should have stuck to the genre he is comfortable in!". Mister Lee of Kalki wrote the screenplay goes smoothly till the break, then it stumbles and goes off the track, nothing much sticks in the mind including the climax.

 References 

 External links 
Kadhal Kirukkan at IMDb

Kadhale Jayam
Kadhale Jayam (transl. Love is victorious) is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by V. Natarajan starring himself, Sudeep, Swathika and Preethi Varma.

 Cast 

 Production 
V. Natarajan, a Pondicherry businessman, directed, acted and produced the film under his banner Natarajan Films with Sudeep, Swatika and Preethi Varma in other roles. Swathi (changed her name to Swathika for the film), was supposed to play the heroine according to director Natarajan but was given an irrelevant character while Preeti Varma was cast as the heroine. She was mad at the makers of the film for not including her in the film's promotions.

 Soundtrack 
The music is composed by Soundaryan. Lyrics by V. Natarajan.

"En Manathu Oram"
"Chellapa Chellapa"
"Sight Adicha"
"Jigu Jigu"

 Reception 
Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote that "But the film has turned out to be not so bad, with a fairly tolerable script and treatment, and with Natarajan playing his role with sincerity. [...] Swatika, neglected by the industry, performs fairly competently her role as Chitra who holds a torch for boss Nataraj. Vadivelu's comedy is enjoyable and is much better than in many of his earlier films".The film is occasionally shown on Raj TV. After this film, Natarajan was to make a film with a leading Tamil actor, but no film ever materialised. Natajaran later produced and starred in the low-key film Gaja (2009) under the stage name of V. N. R.

 References 

Ice (2003 film)
Ice is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romance film directed by R. Raghuraj. The film stars Ashok and Priyanka Trivedi, while Vivek and Mouli appeared in other pivotal role. The film produced by, had music scored by Devi Sri Prasad. This film is the Tamil remake of the 2002 Telugu film Kalusukovalani. The film was released in 2003 to below average collections and reviews.

 Cast 

 Production 
Ice is a remake of the director's 2002 Telugu film Kalusukovalani which featured Uday Kiran and Gajala. The film became the maiden production venture of Sherif Ahmed for his Joy Entertainment. Gayathri Raguram was first chosen to play the heroine, but was subsequently replaced by Priyanka Trivedi. Devi Sri Prasad's tunes from the original version were retained, while cranking the camera was Shri, who had apprenticed with P. C. Sriram. The sets are designed by M. Prabhakar, the stunt and dance choreography are by Shiva and Cool Jayant respectively. At the YMCA grounds, Chennai, a song was picturised on the hero. After a schedule in Chennai, the unit shifts to locations abroad to the Alps.

 Soundtrack 
Devi Sri Prasad reused many songs from the original Telugu film.

 Release 
The Hindu commended the film's technical aspects but stated "as the game goes on without respite, the viewer feels restless and exasperated."Soon after the release of the films, Ashok signed on to appear in Varma, opposite Chaya Singh. However, the project was later cancelled.

 References 

Ilampuyal
Ilampuyal (transl. Young Storm) is a 2009 Indian Tamil language film directed by K. S. Thurai. The film stars his son Vashanth Sellathurai, Poornitha, Karunas, Sriman, Ravishankar and Sinthuraj.  The music was composed by Vashanth Sellathurai. 
The film premiered in 20 Danish theatres in October 2007. The film was released 1 May 2009. Satellite rights went to Kalaignar TV.

 Cast 

 Production 
K. S. Thurai, a Sri Lankan Tamil residing in Denmark who previously directed Pookkal (2004) and stage shows in Europe, directs this film. His son, Vashanth, a computer engineer, played the lead role in the film, composed the music and did the graphic works. The film was made on a low budget and highlights the issues Sri Lankan Tamil refugees face. Ilampuyal was shot in Denmark and Chennai, India over a period of 85 days in 2007. The Carl-Henning Pedersen Museum was used as a house for one of the main characters.  Journalist Morten Bergholt played himself in the film. A Thiruvalluvar statue was erected on one of Denmark's islands for the film.

 Soundtrack 

 References 

 Extnerla links 
On the way to Kollywood 1
On the way to Kollywood 2

Good Luck (2000 film)
Good Luck is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written, directed and produced by Manoj Bhatnaghar. The movie stars Prashanth, Riya Sen and Raghuvaran in main roles. The film released on 4 February 2000.

 Plot 
Surya is a carefree Tamil youth living in Malaysia with his brother Chandramohan and sister-in-law Devi. Chandramohan and Devi are childless because of a problem with Chandramohan.  Surya falls in love with dancer Priya and manages to steal her heart too. Just when things seem happy, a bombshell is dropped by a Sister Mary who tells Surya that he is the father of a small girl Pooja. Pooja must undergo an operation to save her life but insists on seeing her dad before agreeing to the operation. Surya agrees to pose as her dad and is forced to do so on a more permanent basis even after the operation is done. He is driven out of the house and loses Priya, who agrees to wed an earlier suitor, Shyam. Person who happens to be the dad of Pooja's mother wants to kill Surya for cheating his daughter but ends up being arrested by police. Second half shifts to Cruise ship, where Chandramohan finds out that Pooja is actually his daughter. The film ends with Surya and Priya reuniting.

 Cast 
Prashanth as Surya
Riya Sen as Priya
Raghuvaran as Chandra Mohan
Sukanya as Devi
Vivek
Vaiyapuri
Vinu Chakravarthy as Surya's uncle
Sindhu as Sangeetha Rajan
Sanjay Asrani as Shyam
Diyana
Pooja Sundharesh as Pooja
Pandu
Sabitha Anand as Sister Mary

 Production 
The film was initially set to feature Mayuri Kango as the lead heroine, but she was later replaced by Riya Sen. The entire film was shot in Thailand and Malaysia, while significant portions were shot on a cruise ship sponsored by Star Cruises.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by director Manoj Bhatnaagar himself and the lyrics were written by Vairamuthu. The soundtrack, released in December 1999, features 6 tracks with Keyaar and K. T. Kunjumon attending the audio launch function as chief guests.

 Release 
The film received mixed reviews from critics and did not fare well commercially at the box office. The Hindu wrote "There are a couple of loose ends and the director must have concentrated more on the screenplay and less on the grandeur and glamour aspects of the film." K. N. Vijiyan of New Straits Times wrote "Manoj has concentrated on giving a visual delight". Despite the relative failure of the film, Manoj Bhatnagar announced his next film soon after, a collaboration with actor Madhavan, which then failed to take off.

 References 

 External links 
Good Luck at IMDb

Kaadhal
Kaadhal (transl. Love) is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film based on a true story, directed by Balaji Sakthivel, starring Bharath (in his first film as a main lead actor) and Sandhya. It was produced by S. Shankar and featured music composed by Joshua Sridhar. The film opened on 17 December 2004 to critical acclaim and was a high commercial success. The film was dubbed into Telugu as Premisthe. It was remade in Kannada as Cheluvina Chittara in 2007, in Bengali as Chirodini Tumi Je Amar in 2008, in Bengali Bangladesh as Nogor Mastan in 2015, in Marathi as Ved Laavi Jeeva in 2010, in Nepali as Manjari in 2013 and in Punjabi as Ramta Jogi in 2015.

 Plot 
Murugan is a diligent scooter mechanic in Madurai, and life goes on smoothly for him until a rich student Aishwarya who is the daughter of a local goon and bar owner sets an eye on him. The infatuation reaches a dangerous level when she coaxes Murugan to take her from the constraint of her family, who has other plans about her future. Initially, Murugan hesitates to love her as she belongs to a rich family and caste issues but later understands her true love and reciprocates. The couple knows that Aishwarya's family will not agree for the wedding and decides to run away to Chennai. Murugan's friend Stephen helps them in their hour of crisis, and the lovers unite in marriage. But Aishwarya's family dotes on her and is not going to give up so easily.
The family tracks down the couple and reaches Chennai to meet them. But the family members pretend to have agreed on the wedding and convince them to return to Madurai along with them. On the way back to Madurai, the family members take the couple to their farmland where Aishwarya's relatives have gathered. They all beat Murugan, and Aishwarya's father wants her to remove the mangalyam tied by Murugan. Aishwarya fears that if she does not obey her father, then Murugan will be killed, so she agrees to marry another man to save Murugan's life. Murugan is beaten and let go of the place.
After a few years, Aishwarya, while travelling with her husband and her child, comes across Murugan, where she finds him as a mentally deranged beggar roaming near a traffic signal. Aishwarya faints upon realizing that the man is Murugan and gets admitted to the nearby hospital. At night, she runs from the hospital to the same signal in search of Murugan, and she finds him sitting there. Aishwarya cries to Murugan and feels bad that she was responsible for his pathetic situation. Aishwarya's husband also comes to the spot and understands his wife's situation. He admits Murugan in a mental health centre and also takes care of him.
The movie ends with title cards mentioning that this is a true incident narrated by the girl's husband to the director during a train journey, which prompted him to make a film.

 Cast 

 Production 
After the average response of his debut film Samurai (2002), Balaji was supposed to direct again Vikram in a new venture which was later shelved. During the shoot of Anniyan (2005), Balaji narrated the plot of Kaadhal to his mentor Shankar who agreed to produce the film after hearing the script.The film was initially turned down by actors Dhanush and Shanthanu Bhagyaraj, before Balaji Sakthivel consulted Shankar's advice for the lead role. Telugu actor Ram also auditioned for the lead role but was unsuccessful. After considering both Manikandan and Bharath from the cast of Boys (2003), Shankar chose the latter to star in his production. For the female lead, the makers held discussions with Ileana D'Cruz and then Varalaxmi Sarathkumar, but the latter's father was reluctant to let her become an actress at the time. The team then picked Saranya Nag was in Class IX, when cinematographer Vijay Milton referred her on to Balaji Sakthivel. She was initially considered to play the heroine in the film, but the role was later handed to Sandhya, after the director felt Saranya looked too young, Saranya later was chosen for the character of Sandhya's friend. Dhandapani from Madurai was selected to play Sandhya's father. He became popular with this film and adopted the film's title as Kaadhal Dhandapani.Though the story was shown to have taken place in Madurai, shooting was done in Dindigul and Madurai. The school where Sandhya studies is St. Joseph's Girls Higher Secondary School, Dindigul. The first schedule was completed in 20 days and rest of the scenes were shot at locations in Chennai, Chalakudy and Munnar.

 Soundtrack 
The film has eight songs composed by Joshua Sridhar making his debut. Haricharan made his singing debut with this film when he was 17, and went on to record three songs.

 Reception 
Visual Dasan of Kalki praised the film for realism and performances. Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "Kadhal [..] apart, from the otherwise run of the mill story of calf love, elopement and the consequences thereof. Balaji Saktivel (story, screenplay, dialogue and direction) deserves full credit for the differently conceived drama in the end, where very little is actually said — the body language conveys it all" while praising the film's performances of cast and director's treatment of the film. Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "A short simple tale, an equally simple narrative style, an unassuming lead pair with their people next-door looks, and some well coordinated performances all make for some fairly engaging viewing in ‘Kadhal’."

 Box office 
Produced on a budget of ₹1.25 crores, the film was a surprise blockbuster at box-office recovering almost its entire budget from Chennai distribution territory.

 Legacy 
The film's success catapulted Bharath and Sandhya to fame, they went on to become popular. The film's screenplay was released in the form of a book in 2005.

 References 

 Further reading 
S. Anand. "Politics, Tamil cinema Eshtyle". Countercurrents.

 External links 
Kaadhal at IMDb

Karmegham
Karmegham (transl. Black Cloud) is a 2002 Tamil language drama film directed by S. P. Rajkumar. The film stars Mammootty, Radha Ravi, and Abhirami.

 Plot 
Karmegham returns to his village after serving in the army for long. He finds that the villagers still live the shackles of old customs and traditions. They work as slaves to a feudal landlord who exploits them. Maheswari, a doctor, falls in love with Karmegham. Later through his mother, Karmegham learns that Radha Ravi is his father and then it becomes a father-son conflict. Karmegham stood with the villagers and opposed his father and brother Shakthi. His sister, Mangai, loves a poor villager but Sakthi and his father are against her love. Sakthi kills her sister's lover, his sister goes mad and Karmegham calls the police. His brother escapes but the police shot him in an encounter. Karmegham gets married with Maheswari. His sister and mother die in a bomb blast planned by Karmegham's father. Karmegham kills his father to save at least his village.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Vidyasagar.

 Reception 
Sify described the film as an "Old wine in new bottle" and wrote, "It is an old style tearjerker that lacks any freshness either by way of incidents or narration".

 References 

 External links 
Karmegham at IMDb

List of ROH World Champions
The ROH World Championship is a professional wrestling world championship owned by the Ring of Honor (ROH) promotion. The championship was created and debuted on July 27, 2002, at ROH's Crowning a Champion event. Originally called the ROH Championship, the title was renamed to the ROH World Championship in May 2003 after the title was defended outside the United States for the first time—earlier that month, then-champion Samoa Joe had defeated The Zebra Kid in London, England, at the Frontiers of Honor event co-promoted with the Frontier Wrestling Alliance. On August 12, 2006, the ROH World Championship was unified with the ROH Pure Championship after then-champion Bryan Danielson defeated ROH Pure Champion Nigel McGuinness in Liverpool, England. The Pure Championship was deactivated after this match.
ROH World Championship reigns are determined by professional wrestling matches, in which competitors are involved in scripted rivalries. These narratives create feuds between the various competitors, which cast them as villains and heroes. Some reigns were held by champions using a ring name, while others used their real name. Reigns that were won on pay-per-view events aired on tape delay up to weeks or months apart. Reigns that were won at live events were released on DVD. The inaugural champion was Low Ki, whom ROH recognized to have become the champion after defeating Christopher Daniels, Spanky, and Doug Williams in a four-way 60-minuted Iron Man match on July 27, 2002, at ROH's Crowning a Champion event.
As of February 2024, there have been 39 reigns among 31 wrestlers with two vacancies. Adam Cole holds the record for most reigns, with three. Jay Lethal has the most defenses, with 41; Kyle O'Reilly has the least, with 0. At 645 days, Samoa Joe's reign is the longest in the title's history; Kyle O'Reilly's reign is the shortest at 33 days. Eddie Kingston is the current champion in his first reign. He defeated Claudio Castagnoli on September 20, 2023, at AEW Grand Slam in Flushing, Queens, New York.

 Title history 

 Names 

 Reigns 

 Combined reigns 
As of February 6, 2024.

 Notes 
1. ^  – This event was a live event that was later released on DVD.
2. ^  – This event was a pay-per-view that later aired on tape delay.
3. ^  – Each reign is ranked highest to lowest; reigns with the exact number mean they are tied for that certain rank.

 References 
General"ROH World Championship reign history". Solie.org. Retrieved April 6, 2009.
"ROH World Championship reign history". Ring of Honor. Archived from the original on April 12, 2010. Retrieved April 8, 2009.
"Past Ring of Honor results". Ring of Honor. Archived from the original on March 22, 2013. Retrieved April 8, 2009.Specific

 External links 
ROH World Title History at Cagematch.net

Gurudeva (film)
Gurudeva is a 2005 Indian romantic drama film directed by Jaffer. The music by Sabesh–Murali and produced by K. Kaliyamurthy. The film stars Jai Akash, along with Pranathi, Nassar, and Riyaz Khan. The film was shot simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu as Guru. This film was released on  1 April 2005 under the banner of Sriselva Muthukumara Movies.

 Plot 
The movie is about a street rowdy's love for a rich heiress. Guru (Jai Akash) is a street rowdy who hangs out in a mechanic shop owned by Mari (Nassar), a handicapped man who is the advisor to Guru. They lead a happy life. Deva (Pranathi) falls in love with him. Later they both decide to marry.

 Cast 
Tamil version

 Production 
During the making of the Telugu version, an intimate scene was filmed between Jai Akash and Pranathi in the presence of the assistant director. Since the assistant director was unsatisfied with the shot, the shot was taken eight times. Jai Akash said that the scene was filmed enough times, and he slapped the assistant director after the assistant director did not agree.

 Soundtrack 
Music by Sabesh–Murali.
"Aanandham Aanandham" – Tippu, Mathangi
"Saiva Karuvadu" – Sabash, Manikka Vinayagam, Srilekha Parthasarathy
"Azhage Azhage" – Srinivas, Anuradha Sriram
"Silenta Sirichu" – Karthik, Pop Shalini
"Manakudhada" – Tippu

 Release and reception 
The film was scheduled to release on February 14, but was delayed. A critic from Sify opined that "There is nothing new in the way if presentation and music director Sabesh Murali rehashes old ?gana? songs of Deva". Balaji Balasubramaniam of BBThots gave the  film a rating of one out of five stars and opined that "Gurudeva badly needs a revamp of its screenplay And as long as they are rewriting it, they should consider hiring someone who actually knows how to write one!". The film released alongside the low budget films Girivalam and Thaka Thimi Tha and did not fare well at the box office.The film was released in Telugu as Guru in June 2005. Since the Telugu version failed due to lack of publicity, Jai Akash went to the Telugu producer Muppa Ankanna Rao's house and threatened him. Akash was subsequently sent to jail and released after a compromise was made.

 References 

 External links 
Gurudeva at IMDb

Guruvamma
Guruvamma is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Thamarai Sendhoorapandi. The film stars Livingston and Devayani, with Manivannan, Senthil, Vadivukkarasi and Pasi Sathya in supporting roles. It was released on 19 July 2002, and won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film Portraying Woman in Good Light.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Lyrics were written by Arivumathi and composed by Sahitya.

"Chembaruthi Poo" -
"Iyya Ethukku" -
"Koorai" -
"Megame" - Hariharan
"Odivantha Oothu" - P. Unnikrishnan
"Thoda Thoda" - Tippu

 Production 
Livingston and Devayani worked with each other four times in quick succession in the early 2000s, after appearances together in Parthasarathy's Unakkum Enakkum Kalyanam, Benjamin's Senthalam Poove and S. P. Rajkumar's En Purushan Kuzhandhai Maadhiri (2001) though the former two did not release despite having audio launches. Scriptwriter Yosi was also a part of the project. It became one of Devayani's first films that she had dubbed for in her original voice.

 Critical reception 
Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote, "It was meant to depict the life of pavement dwellers, and of the trials and tribulations of one woman in particular. But the way it has turned out, it is like this group of artistes are sitting by the wayside in isolation, pretending to be pavement dwellers, putting on an accent and speaking the lingo. All very put-on and laughable". The film won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film Portraying Woman in Good Light for 2002.

 References 

 External links 
Guruvamma at IMDb

Kadal Pookkal
Kadal Pookkal (transl. Sea Flowers) is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Bharathiraja, starring Murali, Manoj K. Bharathi, Uma, Prathyusha and Sindhu Menon. The film was released on 14 December 2001. Bharathiraja won the National Film Award for Best Screenplay, and Murali won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actor.

 Plot 
Karuthayya and Peter are best friends, sharing with each other their hopes and dreams. Karuthayya's plan to get his beloved sister Kayal married elsewhere is thwarted when he learns that she is in love with Peter. He hears this from Uppili, who has a soft corner for Karuthayya and vice versa. For his sister's sake, Karuthayya approaches Peter with the marriage proposal. A shocked Peter, who had all along shared an easy relationship with Kayal, consents for the sake of friendship. Peter then makes a counter proposal that Karuthayya marry his sister Maria. Peter however withholds the fact that Maria had been seduced by a man from the city and was carrying his child. Family honor being uppermost in his mind, friendship takes a back seat. But Peter does not know that Karuthayya was already aware of his sister's affair, though not of her pregnancy. Karuthayya, knowing his friend's aggressive nature, had not told Peter about the matter earlier. Karuthayya now throws the ball back in Peter's court, asking him to first get Maria's consent. Sure that Maria would not give her consent for the marriage. But to his shock Maria agrees.
Forced by her mother and Peter to toe the line, she had no other option. The two pairs get married. While Peter and Kayal are blissfully happy, Karuthayya and Maria have their own crosses to bear. A guilt-stricken Maria finally confesses to Karuthayya about Peter's treacherous act. A shocked and hurt Karuthayya goes to confront Peter. The man from the city appears on the scene. A furious Peter takes the unsuspecting youth on a boat ride, ties a stone on him, and dumps him into the sea. Karuthayya, who reaches the place, tries to save the guy.

 Cast 
Murali as Karuthaiya
Manoj K. Bharathi as Peter (Voice-over by Ranjith)
Umashankari as Kayal
Sindhu as Mariyam (Voice over by Jaya vidhya)
Prathyusha as Uppili (Voice over by Jothi Latha)
Puthu Kavithai Jyothi as Peter's mother
Shyam Ganesh as Fernandes
Vaiyapuri
Santhana Bharathi
Sridhar as Susai

 Production 
The film set in the backdrop of sea and was shot completely in Nagercoil. Tarun was initially offered a role in this film.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Deva and lyrics were written by Vairamuthu. Venky of Chennai Online called it "A lovely sea breeze by Deva".

 Critical reception 
Tulika of Rediff wrote that Bharathiraja "shows no sign of being able to change his storytelling style to match the times". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote, "it is a well-crafted script, the tale well told, the narration moving smoothly, and the scenes emotion-charged." Visual Dasan of Kalki praised the performances of actors, Kannan's cinematography and Bharathiraja's direction.

 References 

 External links 
Kadal Pookkal at IMDb

Maayi
Maayi is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Surya Prakash, starring Sarathkumar and Meena, while Vadivelu, Vijayakumar, Sabitha Anand, Suvalakshmi, Rajan P. Dev, and Anand play supporting roles. The film was a super hit at box office, and Vadivelu's comedy performance was critically acclaimed.
This film later remade into Telugu as Simharasi (2001) and in Kannada as Narasimha (2012). The song "Megham Udaithu" was shot in Mysore Lalitha Mahal.

 Plot 
Maayi is a well-respected do-gooder in a village. He considers women in the village as his sisters and even helps financially to conduct their weddings. He is a man who is ready to kill his father Irulandi when he learns that the latter had a second wife, but Irulandi opts to kill himself rather than face his son, and so Maayi brings his half-sister Lakshmi to live with him. A local MLA, Sundarapandiyan, comes to Maayi to get his support during the upcoming election, but he refuses and Sundarapandiyan loses the election. But his son, who admires Maayi, marries Lakshmi.
Meanwhile, Bhuvaneswari, Maayi's distant relative's daughter, comes to the village from Bangalore and initially misunderstands Maayi by seeing his looks but later realises her mistake after knowing about Maayi's hard work and his help towards improving the village. Maayi has built free hospitals, daycare centres, colleges, etc. to help the villagers. Bhuvana is attracted towards Maayi and proposes to him, but Maayi does not accept her love. But Bhuvana remains confident about marrying Maayi, following which he tells his flashback. Maayi was born into a very poor family where his mother Nachiyamma was infected by leprosy even before his birth. Due to poor financial condition, Nachiyamma could not be treated in a hospital and instead was kept alone in a room. She was not allowed to touch her son Maayi fearing chances of the disease being spread. Maayi has never seen his mother right from his childhood as she always stays in a closed room. When Maayi was eight years old, his mother gets frustrated more as her disease prevents her to show her affection towards Maayi, and she commits suicide by drowning in a river. This shocks Maayi, and he decides not to marry any woman as he does not want any girl to touch his body, which was even untouched by his beloved mother.
Maayi convinces Bhuvana to marry someone else. He also learns that Lakshmi is being tortured by her husband and that it was all a plan to take revenge on Maayi for not supporting Sundarapandiyan during elections. Maayi beats up Lakshmi's husband and says that he will never support criminal activities even if it impacts his family. On the day of Bhuvana's wedding, the bridegroom's family misunderstands that Maayi and Bhuvana are lovers, seeing Maayi's dhoti in her room, and stops the marriage. Bhuvana's friend discloses the truth that Maayi gave his dhoti to safeguard her when her dresses were washed away in water sometime back. Manorama, who also belongs the village, shouts at the groom's family for their cruel thoughts and requests Maayi to marry Bhuvana as that would be the right thing. Maayi obeys Manorama's words as his mother's and marries Bhuvana.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by S. A. Rajkumar.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, "The movement of the story is rather slow at times, especially in the second half because there is not much happening. But it manages to sustain one's interest". Krishna Chidambaram of Kalki praised Sarathkumar's characterisation, emotional flashback, Raju Sundaram's choreography and Vadivelu's humour but panned stunt choreography as unrealistic and concluded saying if these flaws are discounted, we can safely say that it is a sensible film. Chennai Online wrote "'Mayi' is 'Nattamai' and 'Chinna Gounder' gone a bit too far!". India Info wrote "If you like masala rustic style, then Mayee  is your cup of tea otherwise give it a go by".

 References 

 External links 
Maayi at IMDb

Kadhaludan
Kadhaludan (transl. With Love) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language cringy romantic drama film directed by Rajakumaran. The film stars Murali, Devayani and Abbas. The film, produced by Devayani, was released on 14 February 2003, coinciding with the Valentine's Day.

 Plot 
Kalyan (Murali), a talented magician, works with his friend and assistant Ramesh (Ramesh Khanna). Kalyan's mother (Sathyapriya) insists him to get married soon and she finds a bride for him. Kalyan has a different view on marriage and he first wants to know all about his bride. With the marriage broker (Vaiyapuri) and Ramesh, Kalyan leaves his house to see his supposed bride.
The supposed bride Kavitha (Devayani) has a father Manickavasagar (T. S. Raghavendra). Kalyan then stalks her everywhere she goes. Kalyan slowly begins to fell under her spell and he even helps them to settle their debts.
One day, Kavitha attempts to commit suicide because her lover's father arranges a marriage for her lover. Durai (Abbas) and Kavitha were in love. Although Manickavasagar accepted for the marriage, Durai's father asked an expensive dowry. Durai promises to Kavitha that he will pay her dowry for the marriage and he then leaves her village.
Kavitha waits until now for Durai's return. Concerned about her past, Kalyan decides to find Durai. Thereafter, the old man Ajmal (Manivannan) tells to Kalyan that Durai is dead. Kalyan and Ramesh have no other choice than to lie to Kavitha concerning Durai. Later, Kalyan reveals to Manickavasagar that Durai is dead and that he is the real groom.
Durai, who supposed to be dead, comes back to get marry with Kavitha. Actually, Durai had a friend with the same name (Karunas) who died a few years ago. Kavitha and Durai get married without their parents' blessing but with the help of Kalyan. Kalyan, who cannot forget Kavitha, decides to stay a bachelor for a moment.

 Cast 
Murali as Kalyan
Devayani as Kavitha
Abbas as Durai
Ramesh Khanna as Ramesh
T. S. Raghavendra as Manickavasagar
Radha Ravi as Durai's father
Vinu Chakravarthy as Pannayar
Vaiyapuri as a marriage broker
Karunas as Durai
Manivannan as Ajmal
Sathyapriya as Kalyan's mother
Anandaraj in a guest appearance
Madhan Bob in a guest appearance

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by S. A. Rajkumar. The soundtrack, released in 2003, 6 features tracks with lyrics written by Viveka and Amuthabharathi.

 Reception 
Sify.com said : "The plot is idiotic, as director Rajakumaran has tried to rehash his earlier film Nee Varuvai Ena." and described the film as tedious. Malathi Rangarajan from Hindu.com described the film as a neat family drama, adding that : "The screenplay is hampered mainly by lengthy, meandering dialogue that proves tiresome". She praised Murali : "For Murali the role of a soft, caring hero is a cakewalk".

 References 

Kadhal Dot Com
Kadhal Dot Com (transl. Love Dot Com) is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language romance film directed by S. R. Selvaraj. The film stars Prasanna, Shruthi Raj and Anu, while Vadivelu and S. V. Shekher played supporting roles.

 Plot 

 Cast 

 Production 
The song "Atha Ponnu" choreographed by Robert was shot at Trincomalee Tea estate at Sri Lanka.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack of the film was composed by Bharadwaj. "Imaikkada Vizhiyum" is set in Hamsadhvani raga.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan from The Hindu noted "at a time when much-hyped, hero-backed films end up being mere dampeners, a low-key film like  this comes with no unsavoury loudness or lewdness, is at least a decent offering." Another critic noted "the story has predictable turnings. At times it appears as if we are watching an old film." Malini Mannath from Chennai Online wrote that "There are no big names associated with it, so one goes without any expectations. But the director's attempt towards the closing scenes to give a slightly practical and different ending to the love triangle, makes viewing the film a not-so-bad experience". A critic from Sify wrote that "Kadhal.com is yet another triangular love story that we have seen in umpteen Tamil films about two friends falling in love with the same guy. Still Kadhal.Com is quite entertaining and worth a look as it is interesting in parts".

 References 

 External links 
Kadhal Dot Com at IMDb

Kai Vandha Kalai
Kai Vandha Kalai (transl. Handcrafted Art) is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language comedy film written and directed by Pandiarajan. The film stars his son Prithvi Rajan, whereas Sruthi, Manivannan, and the director himself play other important roles. The film, released on 15 June 2006, is a sequel to Aan Paavam (1985).

 Plot 
Kannan is in league with his father in duping the people in his village. He comes across Kausalya (Sruthi), a timid, schoolgoing girl and falls for her immediately. From his grandfather, he learns that Kausalya's mother is his father's sister and becomes even more determined to wed her. Kausalya begins to like him too but asks him to mend his ways before they can get married.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Music is composed by Dhina.

 Reception 
Malini Mannath of Chennai Online opined that "With scenes and situations a little different from the routine ones, 'Kai Vantha Kalai' is a fairly engaging and a neatly packaged wholesome family entertainer". On the contrary, S. Sudha of Rediff.com wrote that "In short, far from a comeback or launch pad, this is just a big bore". The Hindu wrote "Compared to the films of today, `Kai ... ' is so decently made that at points you feel Pandiarajan is caught in a time warp. But that's also where the success of the maker lies; you wonder why he was in hibernation for so many years". Indiaglitz wrote "Supposedly a sequel to his yesteryear hit Aan Pavam, Pandiarajan has thrown out a simple and a straight forward film without many twists and turns that's worth a watch. Amidst all action-packed films of the day, Kai Vandhai Kalai is a movie with a simple narration and little characters". A critic from Cine South wrote that "Pandiarajan has proved again that we are old hands at making a comedy of the screenplay".

 References 

 External links 
Kai Vandha Kalai at IMDb

Maayan (film)
Maayan is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language drama film, directed by Nassar. The film stars himself, Roja and Vindhya, while Thalaivasal Vijay, Ranjitha and Vadivelu among others form an ensemble cast.  Music for the film was composed by Deva and the film was released on 14 September 2001.

 Cast 

 Production 
Nassar had originally planned only to direct the film, but after his initial choices for the lead actor – Prashanth and Ajith Kumar – pulled out, he chose to also portray the lead role. As a result, the film's production was delayed by over a year from early 1999. Actress Ranjitha made a comeback to acting with Maayan, after taking a three-year sabbatical post-marriage. The film also marked the first major role for Pasupathy, whose previous venture Marudhanayagam was shelved.The first schedule of the shooting was held at Chennai and Chengelpet. The second schedule was then held at Tiruvannamalai and the forests of Thalaikonam.

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Deva.

 References 

 External links 
Maayan at IMDb

Guru En Aalu
Guru En Aalu (transl. Guru is My Man) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by Selva and produced by K. R. Gangadharan. It stars Madhavan, Abbas and Mamta Mohandas in the leading roles, while Vivek and Brinda Parekh portray supporting roles. The film was a remake of Aziz Mirza's 1997 Hindi film Yes Boss starring Shahrukh Khan. The music was composed by Srikanth Deva with cinematography by U. K. Senthil Kumar and editing by V. T. Vijayan. The film began production in late 2007 and released on 24 April 2009 to mixed reviews.

 Plot 
Guru (Madhavan) is the ambitious assistant of his playboy boss Krishna(Abbas), who is the CEO of a big chain of companies. Krishna is a charismatic and successful businessman who in spite of being married to Sheila, a beautiful woman (Brinda Parekh), has affairs with numerous women and relies on Guru to keep up his image of a doting husband. Guru is promised by Krishna to make him as the head of one of his companies. Guru is loggerheads with Seema, a beautiful woman he encounters during a road traffic. The duo later become friends. Guru goes along in the hope of being promoted. His goal is to become a rich man against all odds. Azhagappan (Vivek) is a fraudulent Yoga master, who earns money in the name of Yoga. Guru tries to maintain Krishna's image during Krishna and Seema's anniversary while Krishna is busy with his one night stand with another woman. After seeing the model Seema (Mamta Mohandas) at a fashion show, Krishna instantly is smitten by her and requests Guru to arrange opportunities to meet with her leaving Guru fuming for he had also fallen in love with Seema. Seema laters receives award as the best ramp model from Krishna. Krishna asks Guru to sign Seema as the model for 'lux soaps'. Seema, during the shoot, is attracted to Krishna after witnessing Krishna's gentleman behavior. She later confesses to Guru that she is in love with Krishna and is soon going to propose to him which upsets Guru. Krishna is more than happy after she proposes to him. On an attempt to bring Krishna's nature with women, he wantedly makes Sheila to go to the mall, Krishna and Seema are on a date. Terrified on looking at Sheila, he covers his identity and introduces Sheila to Seema as his wife much to Seema's horror. When Sheila gets suspicious, he blabbers that Seema is Guru's fiancé which makes Seema leave angrily. Realizing he doesn't love his wife anymore, he orders Guru to make Seema meet him which Guru reluctantly agrees. Seema is not convinced to meet Krishna. The duo bond and she agrees to meet Krishna once for Guru.
Seema is not convinced by Krishna's forgiveness. Krishna manipulates her and lies to her telling that his wife was cheating on him. A man, on Krishna's order, comes and hugs Sheila from the back and she responds by smiling thinking as Krishna. But this not understood by Seema, forgives him. Seema becomes Krishna's mistress. Guru tries to sabotage every moment Krishna wishes to meet Seema. Later, Krishna comes jealous of Guru's closeness to Seema and plans for an ad shoot abroad so as to secretly date Seema. Knowing this, Guru wantedly talks about his boss's affairs with women with Azhagappan so as Sheila's uncle, Gopal overhears it. Gopal is an unmarried middle aged man who is in search of his dream woman. Seema is convinced by Krishna that he is going to divorce Sheila and marry her. Guru makes Azhagappan dress up as an aunty, Lassi Latha, to prevent Seema go on a dinner date with Krishna. Krishna tries hard to make Guru move away. Gopal, much to azhagappan's horror, falls in love with Lassi Latha, his disguise. Krishna is terrified once Sheila also reaches the shoot location. Krishna decides to sleep with Seema and spikes her drink, which by mistake Sheila drinks it after she eats a spiked food given to her by Guru. Seema gets closer to Guru. They return back to Chennai. Krishna realises that Guru loves Seema and tries to take revenge on him. Gopal is shocked and faints when he finds that Lassi Latha is Azhagappan, who is his sister Suguna's lover.  Seema gets closer to Guru's family. She feels angry after Krishna insults Guru's family. She realizes that Guru loves her too and gets confused. Krishna makes Guru the boss of a company when Seema persuades Krishna and tells guru that he and Seema are going to a date to Kerala. This makes Guru understand that his love for Seema is greater than his company. Seema realists she loves Guru but felt attracted to Krishna only because of his money and her desire to become rich. She understands Krishna's nature when he overhears his conversation. Guru comes to Kerala and saves Seema and she confesses her love for him. Krishna fires Guru from his company.
Krishna leaves Seema asking if she has any sister for him to marry. Seema and Guru live happily and understand s that love is powerful than money.

 Cast 

 Production 
Following the release of his home production, Evano Oruvan, in December 2007, Madhavan announced his intentions on remaking the 1997 Hindi language film, Yes Boss. The director, a remake specialist, Selvah was assigned to direct the movie which was to be produced by KRG, one of the veteran producers and President of South Indian Film Chamber.Following cast selection and story adjustions, the film had its launch on 2 May 2008, with only Madhavan and Mamta Mohandas among the cast attending at a small ceremony at Adyar, Chennai. Shooting for the film started at Chennai in May 2008 and continued in various locations in Kerala. Another schedule was filmed at overseas locations, primarily in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The introductory song for Madhavan was shot at the AVM Studios in Vadapalani, Chennai with several extras, choreographed by Babu.The casting process took four months for the director and producer to settle. Initially it was expected that Nayantara would appear opposite Madhavan in the lead role, however Nayantara opted out due to involvements in bigger projects such as Kuselan, Aegan and Villu. Sameera Reddy was briefly linked to the role, but eventually Mamta Mohandas claimed the lead female role, portraying a model. Jayaram was initially announced to portray a role in the film, but pulled out at the last moment and was replaced by Abbas, and another cast member is Vivek, whom both re-unite with Madhavan after the 2001 blockbuster, Minnale. Another actress, Brinda Parekh, was soon after signed up to play the role of Abbas's pair in the film. A string of supporting cast members were selected among those being Sona Heiden, Poovilangu Mohan, Mayilsamy, Pattimandram Raja, Manobala, M. S. Baskar, Meera Krishnan, and Aarthi.Apart from Selvah, who directs the film, the cinematographer for the project is Senthil Kumar, whilst the editor is National Award winner V. T. Vijayan. The dialogues for Aziz Mirza's script is handled by L. Venkatesan, director of Jithan Ramesh starrer Nee Venunda Chellam and lyrics are written by Pa. Vijay, Kabilan and Palani Bharathi. Srikanth Deva is the music director for the film, renewing his association with Selvah, whom both were crew members of Selvah's previous venture, Thotta.

 Release 
After being completed but unreleased for one year, the film was released on 24 April 2009, opening to mixed reviews. Behindwoods wrote:"So that’s precisely the USP of Guru En Aalu. Comedy! If you don’t mind a few odd screen minutes while the lead characters trundle their way through a familiar script". Sify claimed that it is "nowhere near the original which was technically superior with super hit songs and locales". Rediff wrote:"If you're looking for a re-creation of a feel-good candy-floss romance, then Selva's shoddy screenplay [sic] is likely to prove quite a drag". Hindu called it "typical commercial cocktail" and concluded that "If you have watched the original you are bound to be perplexed by unnecessary additions in the Tamil version that drag the film down to deplorable levels".

 Legacy 
6 years after the release of the film, Vivek and M. S. Bhaskar reprised their role of Latha and Gopal respectively, in the 2015 film Vai Raja Vai during a dream sequence at Goa.

 Soundtrack 
The film has six songs composed by Srikanth Deva collaborating with director Selva for second time after Thotta. Lyrics are by three eminent poets – Pa. Vijay, Kapilan and Pazhanibharathy whilst the songs are choreographed by Kalyan, Sridhar and Dinesh. The film's songs were released at a low-key function in Chennai on 26 September 2008. Majority of the BGM scores in this movie were lifted from popular Hindi movies like Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham, Salaam Namaste, No Entry and Om Shanti Om. "Spun" by Flipsyde is used in the song Chellame Chellame, and "Bebot" by The Black Eyed Peas forms the background score of the whole movie, "Ek Din Aap" from original Hindi film Yes Boss has been lifted here as "Kadhal Kannadiyil".

 References 

 External links 
Guru En Aalu at oneindia.in
Guru En Aalu at IMDb

Kakkai Siraginilae
Kakkai Siraginilae (transl. Wings of the crow) is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed  by P. Vasu. Parthiban and Preetha Vijayakumar star, whilst Manasa, K. Viswanath, Lakshmi, Visu, and Vadivelu play supporting roles. Actress Vanitha Vijayakumar worked as the assistant director for this film. The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja with editing by P. Mohanraj and cinematography by R. Raghunatha Reddy. The film was released on 10 March 2000.

 Plot 
Vellaisamy (Parthiban) is an orphan who was brought up by a Brahmin couple, Sambasiva Iyer (K. Viswanath) and Savithri (Lakshmi). Vellaisamy is very loyal and attached to the old couple. They also look after Vellaisamy as their own son. Gayatri (Preetha Vijayakumar) is the only daughter of the couple who returns from the city after completing her education. Vellaisamy is very much attached to Gayatri also, and he looks after her as a kid. Kanmani (Manasa) is a local worker who develops affection over Vellaisamy upon being impressed by his good nature. Suddenly, Savithri passes away due to cardiac arrest. Sambasiva is terribly shocked after his wife's death, and Vellaisamy takes care of him. Meanwhile, the villagers talk ill about the relationship between Vellaisamy and Gayatri. At one instant, even Sambasiva gets angry on hearing the comments made by the public. Later, he understands the pure bonding shared between Vellaisamy and Gayatri. He feels bad for doubting them and also suddenly passes away. Gayatri is left alone following her parents’ death, and Vellaisamy decides to take care of her until she gets married. Vellaisamy takes the responsibility of getting Gayatri married to the person she likes. He approaches a judge (Visu) with a marriage proposal between Gayatri and the judge's son. The judge is also interested in the proposal as he is surprised to see a person who takes all the effort to get someone married who is not related to him. However, on the day of the marriage, a few people come to the wedding hall and make some bad comments about Vellaisamy and Gayatri. The judge suddenly asks Vellaisamy and ties the knot with Gayatri. Everyone is shocked, including Vellaisamy and Gayatri. Now, the judge reveals that he knows very well that the relationship that exists between Vellaisamy and Gayatri is pure, which can be seen based on their reaction hearing marriage arrangements between them. The judge says that he has the ability to judge people based on their expression. He says that he trusts the relationship between Vellaisamy and Gayatri. Gayatri eventually gets married to the judge's son.

 Cast 

 Production 
The filming was held at Pollachi and Udumalai in 1998.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, with lyrics written by R. V. Udayakumar. Chennai Online wrote "Two people have made this album worth buying - Illayaraja and S.P. Balasubramanian. Illayaraja is in his elements in the songs sung by SPB and the singer complements the composer by rendering them true to form".

 Reception 
The Hindu wrote, "It is heartening to note that director P. Vasu shows that there are both good and bad people in the world and caste and community have nothing to do with it. A healthy trend indeed". Indiainfo wrote "It is hard to believe that a director like P Vasu, who churned out melodramatic stuff and gave hits with Chinna Thambi, has not realised that the trend has changed and repeating old stuff is only suicidal for him".

 References 

 External links 
Kakkai Siraginilae at IMDb

Kalabha Kadhalan
Kalaabak Kadhalan is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language erotic thriller film directed by debutant Igore, starring Arya, Renuka Menon, and Akshaya. This film was a low-budget production, and the soundtrack was composed by Niru. It enjoyed relatively quiet success. It shared a similar storyline to S. J. Suryah’s Vaali and another 2006 film called Uyir. The film released on 17 February 2006.

 Plot 
An IT manager named Akhilan (Arya) and a Tirunelveli girl named Anbarasi (Renuka Menon) are a newly married couple. They shift to their new house in Chennai and begin to live a happy life, even though their marriage was not love-based at first.
Soon, Anbarasi's family comes to visit them, and they leave Anbarasi's stepsister Kanmani (Akshaya), as she wants to pursue her post-graduate studies in multimedia. As Kanmani stays with Anbarasi and Akhilan in the same house, she begins to develop feelings for Akhilan, even though he is her brother-in-law. Kanmani continues to dream of romancing with Akhilan whenever Anbarasi is not around.
Akhilan does not want to hurt his beloved wife, who becomes pregnant and has given birth to their son. Tired of dodging Kanmani for almost a year, he seeks advice from a psychiatrist on how to solve his problem. The psychiatrist tells him to try and marry Kanmani off to anyone else. Akhilan secretly comes to Kanmani's village and requests Kanmani's male cousin to pursue and marry her. Following Akhilan's advice, Kanmani's cousin decides to marry Kanmani, but she rejects him constantly. After about a month, Kanmani's cousin kidnaps her, rapes her, and leaves her at Akhilan's apartment. This shocks everyone in the family, especially Akhilan. He admits secretly to Kanmani about his action and also told that the raping plan was not his advice. The whole family forces Kanmani to marry her cousin, because of the shame of rape being taboo. The marriage takes place, and Kanmani's family leaves to Thirunelveli.
The next morning, Kanmani commits suicide and dies. Akhilan, Anbarasi, and their child go back to Kanmani's village. Anbarasi's aunt hits Kanmani's husband as she thinks that it was because of him Kanmani died. Akhilan, standing right beside him, is all over guilty because it was he who planned all this to avoid Kanmani disturbing his married life. The film ends with the note "Good love, bad love, what is there in love?"

 Cast 
Arya as Akhilan
Renuka Menon as Anbarasi
Akshaya as Kanmani
Pawan as Dhana
Gvanantham as Anbarasi's brother
Ilavarasu
Nizhalgal Ravi
Vanitha Krishnachandran

 Production 
The film, produced by Vishnu Talkies, is scripted and directed by Iger, who has directed some commercials and worked with directors like Velu Prabhakaran, Narayanamurthy and Nanda Periyasami. The film has been shot at locations in Chennai, Nagercoil, Tenkasi, Kutralam and Mahabalipuram.
The film introduces a new music director in Iru, who is based in France and has released many Tamil music albums there. Wielding the camera is R Mathi, with art-work by Milan, and dialogue penned by Balakumaran.

 Critical reception 
Nowrunning wrote: "Kalaba Kadhalan explores relationships, marriage, romance and sex. Importantly, this lurid subject matter is handled subtly where no one gender being offended. Debutant director Igor has made this movie honestly, convincingly and believably. The plot, details, characterization and dialogue are good". Thiraipadam wrote:"The most surprising thing about Kalaaba Kaadhalan is how boring it is, a poorly-paced screenplay and a weak climax make the film a surprisingly sedate affair".
Indiaglitz wrote: "Igor shows a skill for handling a difficult subject. He traverses the tightrope of seduction and vulgarity quite nicely. Something you don't expect a debutant to do. On the whole, Kalaba Kadhalan is watchable despite some glitches."

 Soundtrack 
Music was composed by newcomer Niru. The soundtrack contains five songs. The audio launch was held on 12 December 2005, at the Satyam complex. The audio was launched by Vikram and received by SJ. Suryah. Producer Council President Mr. Thiagarajan also took part in the function. Along with them the film's hero Arya, director Ighor, producer Nandagopal and many other dignitaries took part in the event. Two songs were screened during the release.
"Chellame Idhu" - Karthik, Neuer, Sunitha Sarathy
"Pattuselai" - Krishnaraj, Sriram, Nithyasree
"Manmeethu Aangal" - Haricharan, Evra
"Thogai Virithu" - Chinmayee
"Urugudhe" - Andrea Jeremiah

 References 

 External links 
Kalaba Kadhalan indiaglitz.com
Kalabha Kadhalan at IMDb

Kadhal Sadugudu
Kadhal Sadugudu is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by Durai and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy. The film stars Vikram, Priyanka Trivedi, Prakash Raj, and Vivek. The music was composed by Deva. The film's title is based off a song from Alai Payuthey (2000).

 Plot 
The film starts off by showing Chithambaram (Prakash Raj) and how he is an important man in the village. He is an adamant and always sticks on to his decisions. When the temple festival starts, Chithambaram's daughter Kausalya (Priyanka Trivedi) goes to her grandfather's (M. N. Nambiar) house to celebrate. There, she meets Suresh (Vikram), and they fall in love. Chithambaram gets into many conflicts with Suresh, not even knowing who he is. All the things that Suresh does were unintentional, but Chithambaram does not realize this. Therefore, Chithambaram ends up with a very negative opinion of Suresh. One day, everyone in Kausalya's grandfather's home finds out that Suresh and Kausalya are in love, unbeknownst to Chithambaram. On seeing this, they try to get Chithambaram to agree to the wedding. Chithambaram, however, stubbornly sticks to his decision that the marriage should not take place.
Suresh asks Chithambaram what would make him happy, and Chithambaram says that he would be happy if Suresh dies. Realizing that arguing further would be futile, Suresh decides to go back to Madras. Meanwhile, Ilavarasu gets attracted towards Kausalya's physique and begins molesting her. She somehow manages to escape and reports it to her father, but she feels that she is insecure and needs a companion. Kausalya tries to join Suresh at the railway station to go with him, but Suresh refuses, saying that if he marries her, it will be with her father's permission. At that time, Chithambaram arrived at the station to prevent his daughter from eloping with Suresh. He hears this conversation and finally decides to accept Suresh as his daughter's love, and Suresh agrees.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film was developed under the title of Adhisayam, with director V. Z. Durai revealing he insisted on Vikram being cast in the lead role. Meena was initially considered for the lead role, before the producers confirmed Priyanka Trivedi, for whom the project was also meant to mark her Tamil film debut. However, delays meant that two other films released beforehand. The film began its schedules in May 2001, when Vikram had simultaneous shooting schedules for his other action masala films such as Dhill (2001), Kasi (2001), Gemini (2002), Samurai (2002) and King (2002), which were released during late 2001 and mid 2002 respectively, and the schedules continued till September 2002 when the actor was filming his portions for the early 2003 releases such as Dhool (2003) and Saamy (2003), and hence Vikram was seen with those seven looks and getups throughout the film.

 Soundtrack 
Music for the soundtrack was scored by Deva. Lyrics written by Vairamuthu. The initial line of the song "Putham Pudhiyadha" was lifted from "Tu Tu Hai Wahi" from the movie Yeh Vaada Raha (film).

 Release and reception 
The film opened to mixed reviews, with Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu noting that the film is neither "action packed nor a haunting family drama", adding that time you wish it "were a little more brisk and dynamic". A further reviewer with BizHat.com wrote that the film was a "disappointment" and left "no impact" on viewers. Post-release, the film's comedy track by actor Vivek has garnered appreciation from film critics.The film performed poorly at the box office, coming after several successful films for Vikram during the period. Vikram later claimed that he was taken for a "royal ride" and that the story went through several changes after the initial narration. He also alleged that the producer S. S. Chakravarthy was increasingly loyal to another actor, Ajith Kumar, and was not interested in portraying Vikram in good light. The film was later dubbed into Hindi and released in 2014 under the title Aparichit 2, though it had no connection with the first part of Anniyan (2005), which was dubbed into Hindi as Aparichit.

 References 

 External links 
Kadhal Sadugudu at IMDb

Kadhal Kadhai
Kadhal Kadhai (transl. Love story), also known as Velu Prabhakaranin Kadhal Kadhai (transl. Velu Prabhakaran's love story),  is a 2009 Indian Tamil language erotic romantic drama film written and directed by Velu Prabhakaran. The film stars Velu Prabhakaran, Shirley Das, Preity Rangayani, Babilona, and Stefi, with Jai Rathan, Adhiroopan, Sampath Ram, Srilekha, Saakshi Siva, and Suruli Manohar playing supporting roles. The film, produced by J. Satish Kumar, had music by Ilaiyaraaja. After years of struggle with the censor board, the film was released on 17 July 2009 amid a controversy over its adult content. The film was also dubbed into Telugu as Manmadhulu. In 2017, Velu Prabhakaran married Shirley Das.

 Plot 
Film director Velu Prabhakaran has directed a controversial film containing nudity, and the censor board banned the release of the film; thus, Velu Prabhakaran is caught in legal battles to release the film. One day, after a court hearing, goons attack Velu Prabhakaran, and he is rushed to the hospital in a serious condition. The police investigate the murder attempt and a female journalist (Stefi) who has recently interviewed Velu Prabhakaran is interrogated by the police. A few days ago, Velu Prabhakaran told her the story of his film who was about three women - Raani (Shirley Das), Thangam (Preity Rangayani) and Saroja (Babilona) - who hailed from the village Vishnupuram. The three women have one common issue: lust.
Vishnupuram is affected by the communal riots that frequently break out between upper-caste people and lower-caste people. During a riot, the lower-caste girl Raani is saved by the upper-caste boy named Sakthi (Jai Rathan), and they then fall in love with each other. Sakthi is the son of the heartless caste leader Reddiar, while Raani is the niece of the brute Karuppaiah (Sampath Ram). Reddiar and Karuppaiah are archenemies. A bachelor school teacher (Adhiroopan) falls under the spell of his maid Thangam, a poor single mother. Thangam was dumped by her boyfriend after she was pregnant by him; therefore, Thangam was rejected by her brother Pazhani and sister-in-law Saroja. One day, the teacher gives Thangam a glass of milk mixed with sleeping pills and rapes her in her sleep. The teacher then promises to marry Thangam but later announces to her that his family arranged his wedding with a woman of his caste. Feeling betrayed by a man for the second time, Thangam spits on his face, and he leaves the village. Saroja, who would do anything for money, has an affair with Reddiar. One day, Pazhani caught Saroja sleeping with Reddiar, and Reddiar brutally kills him.
After telling the story, Velu Prabhakaran shared with the journalist his troubled love life and the reason which prompted to direct this film. Back to the present, the police arrest the culprit: Velu Prabhakaran's ex-wife. She wanted to hide her previous marriage from her new husband so she hired goons to kill him.
A few months later, Velu Prabhakaran, now healed, meets the journalist and tells her the climax of his film. The young lovers decided to elope, but Reddiar catches the young lovers and beheads Raani. In turn, his son Sakthi murders him. The journalist then proposes her love to Velu Prabhakaran. He tells her that he does not believe in love, but he believes in lust.

 Cast 

 Production 
Velu Prabhakaran began work on the production of a film titled Kadhal Arangam in October 2003, writing the story, screenplay and dialogue for the project. Velu Prabhakaran revealed that the film would expose the falsehood of kama in society, though he later gave directorial credits of the film to his brother Velu Raja. The film also takes on the prevailing caste system and explores sexuality. Thus, the censors were not willing to give it a certificate due to objectionable scenes and an ongoing battle with the censor board emerged in December 2004. In November 2006, Velu Prabhakaran held an emotional appeal at a press conference stating that "Suppression is what causes a lot of sex crimes. That is not so in western countries, that's why they don't make a big deal about displaying the body. Here, just the lack of a davani has the audience all agog". In 2009, the team finally agreed to tone down the scenes and mute certain dialogues and to compromise with the censors the film, they changed the title from Kadhal Arangam to Kadhal Kadhai. The director had reportedly inserted a few elements from this story of his life into the film and in the title credits of the film, Velu Prabhakaran included an extended scene which narrates his opinions and difficulties of the way the film released; while he also played the role of a film director in the venture, noting that parts were autobiographical.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, with lyrics written by Muthulingam and Mu. Metha.

 Release 
The film was released on 17 July 2009 alongside Achchamundu! Achchamundu! and Vedigundu Murugesan.

 Critical reception 
The film mostly received negative reviews upon release. Indiaglitz stated, "The film takes a highly moral stance against exploitation of a woman's physique. But sadly, the movie is full of the exploitation of not one, but three women". A critic said, "Prabhakaranin's ‘Kadhal Kadhai’ is a film meant for absent-minded sex maniacs who can get gratified with their inner feelings watching this X-rated flick". Behindwoods.com rated the film 0 out of 5 and wrote, "If you must watch Kaadhal Kadhai, we would advise you not to tell home. You wouldn't want a dent in your morality or worst, sanity, would you?". A critic from Bharatstudent rated the film 1 out of 5 and said, "More than documentary, less than porn film, please don't watch it".

 Box office 
The film took a good opening thanks to some steamy scenes and ended up as an average grosser at the Chennai box office. Despite being average grosser at the box-office, the film was dubbed into Telugu as Manmadhulu and released on 4 December 2009 by producer V. Suresh Chowdary.

 References 

 External links 
Kadhal Kadhai at IMDb

Jambhavan
Jambhavan is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by A. M. Nandakumar. The film stars Prashanth, Nila and Meghna Naidu, while Vivek, Vijayan and Vijayakumar play other pivotal roles. Featuring music composed by Bharadwaj, the film released on 8 September 2006.

 Plot 
Velan is a responsible son of a village landlord. Adored by the villagers for his good deeds, Velan gets a shock when the landlord informs him that he is his foster son. A shocked Velan sets out on a mission to learn about his past. He reaches Chennai and learns that his family members were killed by the dreaded gangster Deva. He then vowed to kill him and his gang. In the name of Jambhavan, he starts to kill rowdies in society. Suffering a head injury, Velan loses his memory and is later adopted by the landlord. He realises that his job was just half-done. The remainder of the movie is how he puts an end to Deva and his men.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film was announced in December 2005 and began production shortly after a launch event held in Tirupathi. Directed by Nandakumar who earlier directed Vijayakanth starrer Thennavan (2003), it was reported that actor Prashanth would sport three different appearances in the movie and a special make-up man and physical instructors were brought in from Mumbai for the movie. Nila and Meghna Naidu were signed to portray the film's lead heroines, while Carnatic vocalist T. N. Seshagopalan was also selected to play a pivotal role, in his second film. A third leading female role was considered, but later dropped after actresses had refused the offer. The team then began shoot with a thirty-day schedule in Tenkasi in Southern Tamil Nadu.The making of the film was disrupted in January 2006, when actress Nila walked out of the film after falling out with the producers. It was revealed that for a bathing scene in Courtallam she had asked for the tub to be filled with mineral water and when the team could not satisfy that demand, she had a difference of opinion with the producers. Nila revealed that she was an asthma sufferer and was unable to get into the tub of water that the team had provided. During a press meet in late March 2006, Nila announced that she re-joined the team and shot for scenes in Taramani, Chennai and had put aside her differences after the producers apologised. The team then also went on to film song sequences in Thailand with the lead pair.

 Release and reception 
The film opened on 8 September 2006 alongside Sillunu Oru Kaadhal and Em Magan. A critic from Sify noted "this film is a slapdash enterprise that will make you groan", adding "it caters strictly to B and C class audiences and leaves you cold". Indiaglitz.com noted the film's similarities to Baashha (1995), adding "director Nandakumar has taken cue from a few 'mass films', but just has not managed to cobble them with any sense of purpose." S. R. Ashok Kumar of The Hindu wrote, "Prasanth's acting and Shankar's editing act as the saving graces of ESK Frames' Rajalakshmi Kalaikoodam "Jaambavan." The director Nandakumar, also in charge of screenplay and dialogue, falls short in his effort to make the film a wholesome entertainer".

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Bharadwaj.

 References 

 External links 
Jambhavan at IMDb

Kadhal Endral Enna
Kadhal Endral Enna (transl. What is love?) is a 2008 Indian Tamil language romantic thriller film directed by Kalimuthu. The film stars Vinod Veera, Diya and Charan Raj, with Neeraj, Mayilsamy, Singamuthu, Manikka Vinayagam, Vasu Vikram, Kalimuthu, Shobana, Lavanya, Barathi and Uma playing supporting roles. The film, produced by M. Rajan, was released on 16 May 2008.

 Plot 
Vishwa (Vinod Veera), a carefree youngster, falls in love at first sight with his neighbour Kamala (Diya) who lives with the police officer Adhisaya Raj (Charan Raj) while Vignesh protects their house. Vishwa then secretly sneaks into her house and he starts to woo her when she is alone at home. One day, Vishwa approaches Kamala and asks her approval, she refuses to accept his love and Kamala tells him that she is already married to Adhisaya Raj.
In the past, Kamala was a bharatanatyam dancer who lived her widower father (Manikka Vinayagam) and she was constantly stalked by young men. Sick of the situation, one day, she complained to the police and the police inspector Adhisaya Raj took severe action against the stalkers. Adhisaya Raj who felt under her spell of Kamala compelled her to marry him but she refused. Adhisaya Raj became very aggressive and possessive towards her. One day, Adhisaya Raj forcefully took her with him and forced her to live with him in his house. Every day, he tortured her to marry him and he sequestered her father in a godown.
Upon hearing the truth, Vishwa decides to free her from the virtual prison. Kamala asks him to kill Adhisaya Raj and to find her father. When Vishwa finally sees Adhisaya Raj's photo, Vishwa refuses to kill him and tells her that Adhisaya Raj has saved his life after a bike accident one day. Thereafter, Adhisaya Raj finds about Kamala and Vishwa's love and he puts the innocent Vishwa behind the police lockup. Later, Vishwa gets released from jail and he frees Kamala from his house. Vishwa and Kamala blackmail Adhisaya Raj by phone: Vishwa agreed to set her free if Kamala's father will sign a document paper. Vishwa with his lover Kamala and Adhisaya Raj with Kamala's father meet up in a remote place for the exchange. Adhisaya Raj cheats them and his henchmen surrounded Vishwa. They beat up Vishwa, put him in a coffin and bury him alive. An angry Vishwa came back to the house and beats Adhisaya Raj up. During the fight, Vignesh who was Vishwa's college enemy shoots Adhisaya Raj dead to save Vishwa. The film ends as Vishwa and Kamala embrace.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by K. Bharathi. The soundtrack features 5 tracks.

 Reception 
Behindwoods.com rated the film 0.5 out of 5 stars and wrote, "If the storyline is not good enough to tire you, director Kalimuthu has made sure that there are other aspects to do the job. Like the unreasonable and illogical villainy of a cop (Saranraj), the cliché-ridden love story between Diya and Veera, and the sleazy camera angels that capture Diya's fleshy buxomness". A reviewer said, "Our simple request to Director Kalimuthu is that you made a great attempt, but lost the track with perplexity between emotional quotient and glamour".

 References 

Kalvanin Kadhali (2006 film)
Kalvanin Kadhali (transl. The Thief's Lover) is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by newcomer Tamilvannan, and produced by Lakshman. The film stars S. J. Suryah and Nayanthara with Shraddha Arya in lead roles with Pyramid Natarajan, Vivek and Ganja Karuppu playing supporting roles. It is notably, Suryah's first film as the hero, which hasn't been directed by himself. The film was a high-budget production, the soundtrack and film score of which were composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, which were considered the highlight and as a great hit, especially the soundtrack. This love story is set in the backdrop of a playboy's tricks. The film was released on 17 February 2006 enjoying relative success.

 Plot 
Sathya is a casanova and pursues Tina. Later, he sets his sights on Haritha and manages to woo her. She starts loving him wholeheartedly, but he is not in favor of that. At one moment he falls for Haritha, but at the same time, she discovers his real character, and ends their relationship. The story is about how Sathya changes himself and earns her love back.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film was initially launched with the title 36-24-36, while Krishna Leelai was also considered, before the makers decided to use Kalvanin Kadhali, derived from the novel of the same name.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja and was released on 29 November 2005 at Albert Theatre, Chennai by actor Kamal Haasan. It features 6 tracks with lyrics written by Na. Muthukumar, 'Kavignar' Vaali and Muthu Vijayan. Yuvan Shankar Raja's music generally received praise and positive responses, topping the charts.

 Reception 
Sify said, "This love story has the Suryah stamp of humour and is sure to satisfy his fans, who enjoy his smutty comedies". The Hindu wrote, "That Suryah is honing his skills as an actor, is evident. The increasing spontaneity in his expressions is heartening. But it is hard to swallow the contrived emotions when he tries to fool the heroine's people".

 References 

 External links 
Kalvanin Kadhali at IMDb

Kadhalil Vizhunthen
Kadhalil Vizhunthen (transl. I Fell in Love) is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language romantic psychological thriller film written and directed by P. V. Prasath starring Nakul and Sunaina. The film has music by Vijay Antony, cinematography by S.D. Vijay Milton and editing by V. T. Vijayan. The shooting for the film started in August 2007, and the film was released in September 2008.
The song "Nakka Mukka", a kuthu (folk) song and "Thozhiya", a melodious romantic song, were very successful hits composed were one of the main reasons for the film's success. All songs in this movie was composed by Vijay Antony except "Unakena Naan". It was composed by this movie Director PV Prasath itself. The film was remade into Odia as Diwana (2010). "Nakka Mukka" was played in the opening ceremony of the Cricket World Cup 2011 held at Mirpur, Bangladesh. It also featured among a medley of Tamil songs performed by Shah Rukh Khan and Shriya Saran in the inaugural of the fourth edition of the Indian Premier League 2011 held in Chennai, India.

 Plot 
The story focuses on the life of Sabhapathy. He is the football-crazy son of an alcoholic and lives in the slums. However, he lives a comfortable life and plays football with his mates as he completes his college career. He meets Meera and develops a liking for her. He slowly starts to love her but is afraid to express his love since she is rich and would react hastily. However, he later does confirm his love to her, and she accepts. When Sabha leaves for a football match with his college, he promises he will propose to her as soon as he gets back. Sabha returns from his match to only find out that Meera has died. Sabhapathy slips into a psychotic depression, travelling with Meera's dead body. This peculiar behaviour of Sabapathy who thinks Meera is alive is validated. A doctor shows the inspector a wildlife documentary in which a monkey continues to nurse it's dead offspring . The doctor further attributes this behaviour unconditional love which to some people makes people ignore reality and live in the past. This documentary forms the crux of the entire movie. To make matters even worse, the police are after Sabhapathy. The climax of the movie shows Sabhapathy commits suicide after killing Meera's uncle Kasirajan, who murdered her in order to gain her wealth. The film ends with Sabhapathy and Meera's souls are united and the two lovers will never be separated, even in death.

 Cast 
Nakul as Sabhapathy: Meera’s boyfriend
Sunaina as Meera: Kasirajan’s niece, Sabhapathy’s girlfriend
Sampath Raj as Inspector Anbu Selvan
Livingston as Traveling Ticket Examiner
Hari Raj as Kasirajan, Meera's uncle
Chaams as Meera's friend
Pasi Sathya as Sabhapathi's neighbour
Nalinikanth as Doctor
Sridhar in a special appearance in the song "Naaka Mukka"

 Production 
Nakul, who was one of the heroes in Boys made his comeback through this film and he has reduced over 20 kilograms to play the lead role in the film. A stunt sequence was shot in Mettupalayam and Nakul performed it without any dupe. The film was shot at locations in Chennai, Ooty, Thalakkonam, Mudumalai, Pollachi, Valparai, Masinagudi, Gudalar, Udumalpet, Coimbatore and Kodaikanal. The film marked the foray of the Sun Network into film distribution through their newly founded production company Sun Pictures.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack has nine tracks, which were composed by Vijay Antony, except one track - “Unakkena Naan” which was done by P.V.Prasath, the director himself. The lyrics were written by Thamarai, P.V.Prasath, Nepolian and Priyan. The song "Nakka Mukka" met with a tremendous response from the youth and was on everyone's lips. It was played in the opening ceremony of the Cricket World Cup 2011 held at Mirpur, Bangladesh. It also featured among a medley of Tamil songs performed by Shah Rukh Khan and Shriya Saran in the inaugural of the fourth edition of the Indian Premier League 2011 held at Chennai, India. The soundtrack met with critical acclaim and made Vijay Antony popular among the Tamil audience. Following the internet phenomenon of "Why This Kolaveri Di" in 2011, "Naaka Mukka" was featured alongside "Oh Podu", "Appadi Podu" and "Ringa Ringa" in a small collection of south Indian songs that are considered a "national rage" in India. The song "Naaka Mukka" would eventually go on to be featured in the Telugu-language film, Mahatma, and the Bollywood film, The Dirty Picture. "Unakkena Naan" is based on Rihanna's "Unfaithful".

 Release 
The film was lying in the cans for one year and Sun Pictures bought the film making it their first film. The film opened alongside Sakkarakatti at the box office on 26 September 2008 with the media hyping that it was a battle of two films with debutants and successful soundtracks.The success of the film led Nakul and Sunaina reunite again in Maasilamani which too was promoted by Sun Pictures and became successful. PV Prasad started another project "Eppadi Manasukkul Vanthai" for he was held in cheating case and the film was finally released in 2012.

 Critical reception 
Rediff wrote: "Kadhalil Vizhundhen achieves at least in part, what other love-stories fail to do -- to bring a genuine lump in your throat at times". IndiaGlitz praised the director writing, "with a lesser known star cast, director Prasad has managed to weave a sequence of some interesting and catchy sequences...the end product, through gory and violent, leaves an impact with the audience." Behindwoods said overall the movie "deals with a regular theme in a refreshing manner", and the director of the film "understood perfectly the requirements of the script" and "has taken quite a few cinematic liberties but has handled all of them well which keep boredom or ridicule well at bay".

 References 

 External links 
Kadhalil Vizhunthen at IMDb

Kasimedu Govindan
Kasimedu Govindan is a 2008 Tamil language drama film written and directed by Ramesh Sanjay. The film stars Ranjith and newcomer Karishma in lead roles, with Manish Kumar, Nakshatra, Naga Kannan, Pattinapakkam Jayaram, Srikanth, Suryakanth, Balu Anand, King Kong, Ajay Kapoor playing supporting roles. The film, produced by S. Sundaram, was released on 10 October 2008 after many delays.

 Plot 
In a remote village, Parvathi (Karishma) is an innocent young woman from an orthodox brahmin family. She falls in love with a Muslim man (Manish Kumar) and she even loses her virginity to him. They decide to elope and come to Chennai. The news of Parvathi eloping with her lover spreads like fire thus it tarnished the reputation of his family and her family committed suicide. Her lover turns out to be a member of a terrorist organisation and the police encounter him. In Chennai, with no home and no money, Parvathi becomes vulnerable and many people tried to rape her. The rogue Govindan (Ranjith) who works for the drug lords (Naga Kannan and Pattinapakkam Jayaram) comes to her rescue, hence she stays with him for some time at the beach. Govindan then gets into a fight with other rogues and Parvathi is wounded in the process. The prostitute Kannagi (Nakshatra) with a heart of gold takes a wounded Parvathi at her home and accommodates her.
Thereafter, Govindan is caught by the police and sentenced to jail for a short period. On his release from the jail, he decides to become a good man and dreams to marry Parvathi. In the meantime, Kannagi is killed in a car accident and the innocent Parvathi is arrested for prostitution. Govindan and Parvathi eventually meet each other after a long time, and they fall in love with each other. Govindan becomes a fisherman and the lovers decide to get married but the drug lords want Govindan to work for them and an angry Govindan humiliates them. The drug lords then shoot Govindan to death and they try to rape Parvathi but Parvathi disarms them and shoots them to death.

 Cast 

 Production 
Ramesh Sanjay began work on the production of a film titled Nearupoo in the early 2000s and the title was changed to Kasimedu Govindan in 2004. Ranjith signed to play the role of a rogue while Karishma (Poorvaja) was selected to play the heroine. Naga Kannan, Pattinapakkam Jayaram, Suryakanth and King Kong were cast to play supporting roles. Soundaryan composed the music, S. R. Ravi also took care of camera work and D. Udaya Shankar was the film editor.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Soundaryan. The soundtrack, released in 2001, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Soundaryan, Snehan and Kathiravan.

 References 

Kadhale En Kadhale
Kadhale En Kadhale (transl. Love My Love) is a 2006 Tamil-language romance film directed by PC Shekhar, making his directorial debut. The film stars newcomers Naveen, Shrutha Keerthi and Roma Asrani, with Ramakrishna, Chitra Shenoy, Avinash, newcomer Raviraj, Vijayalakshmi, and Jiju playing supporting roles. The music was performed by Prayog with cinematography by Vaidy S and editing by Suresh Urs. The film released on 4 August 2006 and fared poorly at the box office. However, the film won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film Portraying Woman in Good Light. 

 Plot 
Rajiv is a final-year student and also the son of a rich couple. His family friend's daughter Krithika, a shy girl, comes to stay in their house. She joins the same school as him as a first-year student. Rajiv helps her in many ways. At the college admission day, Rajiv falls under the spell of the fresher Pragathi. Krithika later leaves their home and moves to the college hostel. One day, Krithika falls sick and Rajiv takes care of her; therefore, she falls in love with him. Every day, Krithika records her love for Rajiv in a journal in her computer, whereas Rajiv is attracted by Pragathi's friendly approach, speech, and graceful look. However, Rajiv does not have the courage to convey his love to Pragathi. On the final day of college, Rajiv reveals to Krithika that he is in love with her classmate Pragathi, Krithika is therefore heartbroken. Rajiv then proposes his love to Pragathi, but she does not reciprocate his love and humiliates him.
Rajiv later finds a job and has to go to Singapore, but he does want to leave his native place. Krithika then encourages him to go; captivated by her gentle words, he moves there. After his return to the homeland, his company gives Rajiv a promotion for his work and wants to send him to the United States for a two-year project. His parents compel him to marry before he left for the US, but he categorically refuses. His parents then force him to see a bride; she is none other than his ex-lover Pragathi, and he refuses to marry her. One day, Pragathi meets Rajiv and apologizes for humiliating him when he proposed his love. She tells him that she has changed a lot since the suicide of her best friend Shalini.
Rajiv then decides to marry Pragathi. Their engagement goes as planned. Krithika, who seems to be happy on the outside, is, in fact, suffering on the inside. Thereafter, Krithika's father compels her daughter to get married but she could not forget Rajiv. Later, Rajiv tries to convince his well-wisher Krithika to get married, but to Rajiv's surprise, Pragathi reveals that Krithika is in love with Rajiv and was too shy to reveal her love. The film ends with Pragathi sacrificing her love.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Prayog. The soundtrack, released in 2006, features 6 tracks with lyrics written by Na. Muthukumar.

 Reception 
Sify stated, "The film looks more like a play than a candy floss romance as it is told at leisurely pace that induces sleep. The script is too silly and lead actors have miles to go as far as acting goes". In contrast, another critic said, "Debutant director P.C.Sekhar has succeeded in giving a good entertainer in the form of Kadhale En Kadhale" and praised the performance of the lead actors. A critic from CineSouth wrote that "Debut making director has made a beautiful, refined love story without resorting to titillations and lusty overtones. While expressing appreciation for his good efforts, some things have to be pointed out too".

 References 

Kundan Satti
Kundan Satti is a 2023 Indian Tamil-language animated children's film directed by P. K. Aghasthi. It was released on 13 October 2023.

 Plot 

 Voice cast 
The title derives its name from the two lead characters Kundaeswaran and Sattiswaran.

Sriram
Vidyuth Srinivas
Vishodhan

 Production 
Prior to release, the firm garnered attention for being directed by P. K. Aghasthi, a 12-year-old girl from Chennai. She initially wanted to write a book on a story based in Kumbakonam but after learning animation during the COVID-19 lockdown, she wanted to make a film. An audio release event was held in Chennai during February 2023.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by M. S. Amargeeth and features three songs. The lyrics are written by Arangan. The songs are sung by Sriram, Vidyuth Srinivas and Vishodhan.

"Chittu Kuruvi Pola"
"Ooda Ooda" -
"Theme Song"

 Reception 
The film was released on 13 October 2023 across theatres in Tamil Nadu. A critic from Maalai Malar praised the film intentions, but questioned the quality of the animation. A reviewer from Thinaboomi gave the film a positive review.

 References 

Kasi (film)
Kasi is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Vinayan. The film has Vikram playing the eponymous character of a blind village singer. A remake of the director's own Malayalam film Vasanthiyum Lakshmiyum Pinne Njaanum (1999), the film has Kaveri reprising her role from the original and Kavya Madhavan making her Tamil debut in supporting roles. The film was produced by Aroma Mani for Sunitha Productions. The film score and soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
The film was released on 14 December 2001. Vikram won the Filmfare Best Actor Award and Cinema Express Award for Best Actor – Tamil.

 Plot 
Kasi is a tale about the deception of appearances. Kasi (Vikram) is a blind poet and talented singer who supports his family by his songs. He lives in a village in Tanjore district and has an older brother Sevalai (Thalaivasal Vijay), who is a drunkard; an abusive, crippled father; and a younger sister Lakshmi (Kavya Madhavan).  When the local landlord and former MP Raghupathi (Rajeev) returns to the district, he promises to help the locals. Raghupathi has a reputation as a God in the area because of his charitable works, and when a specialist eye doctor arrives, he promises to pay the fees for an operation to give back Kasi's vision. Elated by this news, Kasi learns that he has to find an eye donor. His lover Kaveri (Kaveri), who cannot speak, offers one of her eyes. Weeks later he receives Dinesh, the son of a powerful Union minister and his wife Radhika (Aishwarya).  Unfortunately, the 'God-like' Raghupathi and Dinesh are not what they seem. Blissfully unaware of the sadness of those around him, Kasi looks forward to his operation. One morning, on the day of operation, Lakshmi was found dead and it is figured out that she commits suicide because of Raghupati and when Raghupati comes to attend the funeral, Kasi explains to Raghupati of what he did as he kills Raghupati by choking him.

 Cast 

 Production 
Simran was offered the role of Lakshmi, Vikram's sister but she refused the offer because she didn't want to act in a supporting role. Then Malayalam actress Kavya Madhavan  accepted the character after being impressed by its original Malayalam version. The shooting was completed in just 45 days.
While preparing to play a blind singer, Vikram practised drawing his eyeballs up into their sockets so that only the whites could be seen. Once the shoot started, he would roll his eyeballs up through the whole day on the set, and would subsequently do eye exercises at the end of the day's shoot so that he wouldn not end up with a squint. His eyesight was later weakened as a result of his work on the film. To achieve a darker skin tone, he sunbathed on the terrace of his beachside home in Chennai for a sunburnt look.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack album was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. All the songs have been sung by Hariharan.

 Release and reception 
The Hindu's Malathi Rangarajan applauded the offbeat attempt stating, "A film without predictable ingredients is a rarity. The Kasi team has to be appreciated for its boldness, in telling a story, in a simple, straight forward manner without the evitable distractions". While Vikram's portrayal was appreciated, "As a blind man, with his eyeballs completely in and with facial twitches so typical of the visually impaired, his portrait is realistic", the two lead actress too received acclaim, "Kavya Madhavan and Kaveri, have excellently expressive eyes, which have been put to good use". S. R. Ashok Kumar, also from The Hindu, said, "As the blind Kasi, he touched a chord". Sify noted, "Vikram, it goes without saying that he is the life and soul of Kasi. As the blind singer, he brings laughter, tears and a lump in one’s throat. Vikram has given an extraordinarily detailed performance, which only a Kamalhassan can do!" and summed up saying it's an emotionally powerful movie. Visual Dasan of Kalki praised the performance of Vikram, Ilaiyaraaja's music, Gokula Krishnan's dialogues and unpredictable ending but panned the director for adding melodrama in Tamil when he handled the original in a subtle way. Kasi was commercially successful as well.

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 
Kasi at IMDb

Jai (2004 Tamil film)
Jai is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by S. Narayan, who had previously worked in Kannada language films. The film stars Prashanth and Anshu, while the former's father Thiagarajan, along with Rajkiran, Bhanupriya, and Rajan P. Dev play supporting roles. A remake of the 2002 Telugu film Aadi, it was produced by Thiagarajan and has music composed by Mani Sharma. Jai was released in January 2004 to negative reviews.

 Plot 
Nallamuthu meets Veerapandi, his wife, and eight-year-old son Jai returning from the USA after a long gap. Veerapandi's late father was a well-known factionist in that area and owned 4,000 acres (1,600 ha) of land. While leaving for USA, Veerapandi gave the responsibility of managing this land to Vajravelu. Now back in India, Veerapandi realises that Vajravelu has been misusing his power. He wants to donate all his land to the 2000 families staying in that village. When Vajravelu learns of this impending charity, he attacks Veerapandi, killing him and his wife. Nallamuthu, being a trusted lieutenant of Veerapandi, takes Jai and escapes to the city. After the murders, Veerapandi's trusted people are imprisoned for 14 years.
After 14 years, the now grown up Jai studies in a college and falls in love with Nandhini, who is Vajravelu's daughter. Nallamuthu has raised Jai in Chennai as a fun-loving boy, but he grows up as a hot-tempered young lad. Completing her studies, Nandhini returns to her hometown. Jai comes along with other trusted members of his father who are released from jail. Nallamuthu seeks vengeance on Vajravelu and get back all the land so that he can distribute it to the villagers. The rest of the film deals with how Jai succeeds in avenging his parents.

 Cast 

 Production 
Thiagarajan purchased the remake rights of the successful of V. V. Vinayak's successful Telugu film Aadi (2002) and signed on R. Madhesh to be the film's director. An initial pre-production poster of the film was reported in the media to have attracted a clash with another film in production during the period, Saamy (2003), which featured Prashanth's paternal cousin Vikram. Madhesh planned Tibet as a potential location to film and began negotiations with international stunt choreographers Sammo Hung and Yuen Woo-ping to have them in the film. However, after filming a song featuring Prashanth and lead actress Simran which was choreographed by Remo D'Souza, he left the project and began work on another film Madhurey, starring Vijay. He was then replaced by Kannada director S. Narayan, who with the venture marked his debut in Tamil cinema. Simran also subsequently left the project and the song which had been shot was converted into an item number, the song was shot at AVM Studios with a set erected costing 1 and half crore with using a technology called Mirror Image. The team then approached Preity Zinta, though the actress was unwilling to commit to star in a Tamil film during the period. Subsequently, the team signed on London based actress Anshu Ambani, who had appeared in the Telugu films Manmadhudu (2002) and Raghavendra (2003). Producer Thiagarajan also made an acting comeback with the film after a long gap with Jai and featured as father to his real life son, Prashanth, while Rajkiran and Rajan P. Dev (who played the role in original film) were signed on for other pivotal roles. The film was briefly put on hold while Prashanth considered starting another project titled Soldier, but plans were shelved and Jai progressed.The film adapted a Madurai backdrop instead of the Telugu backdrop in the original, although the second schedule was canned in Nanakramguda, Hyderabad. Two songs from the film were shot in Sri Lanka, while stuntmen from Netherlands, Malaysia and Nigeria were selected to be a part of the film.The film was titled Jai because his successful film Jeans started with a 'J'.

 Reception 
A critic from Sify called the film "tedious" and added that "all the hype about Jai being big budget extravaganza seems out of place as the story is as old as the hills. Simran's appearance in an item number fails to impress. On the whole Prashanth has to try out something new." Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote, "More attention seems to have been paid to the glamour element and the picturisation of the dance numbers than on the rest of the film". Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu revealed "the ballyhoo for many a scene including the opening one is puzzling because it gives the impression that something big is to follow suit, but nothing of that sort happens". G. Ulaganathan of Deccan Herald said Prashanth "has done justice to his role", but criticised the excessive violence and clichéd plot, and director Narayan "made an appreciable effort". Cinesouth wrote "For the amount spent in making the film it has nothing. Prashanth shines only in the action scenes. It is sad that everything has gone a waste in the film and this could have been avoided. The director could have concentrated on the screenplay, as the story is just old wine in new bottle". News Today wrote "The lavishly- made movie lacks depth in screenplay and the scenes unfold rather quickly leaving the audience clueless on the story".The film became a box office failure. Post-release, Prashanth noted that as a producer of the film, the team had tried hard but ran into problems to begin with, lamenting that the project had been delayed by a year before filming started and thus the script lost its freshness.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Mani Sharma. The soundtrack, released in 2004, features 6 tracks.

 References 

 External links 
Jai at IMDb

Jayamkondaan
Jayam Kondaan (transl. The Victor) is a 2008 Tamil romantic action film directed and written by Kannan and produced by T. G. Thiyagarajan, Selvi Thiyagarajan,Sendhil Thyagarajan and T. Arjun. It stars Vinay Rai, Bhavana and Lekha Washington while Vivek, Santhanam, Kishore, Vasundhara Kashyap, Malavika Avinash, and Nizhalgal Ravi, among others, play supporting roles.
The film revolves around an NRI civil engineer who returns to Chennai from London to set up his own business. He feels that if one has to reach his goal in life, it is better to win over your enemies and take them along with you. He finds out that his late father had another family, and that his stepsister wants to steal his home. After clashes with his sister, he discovers another tragedy involving someone who wants to make a vendetta with the family. The film follows the sibling relationship and the threat from the avenger.
The film opened to worldwide audiences after several delays on 29 August 2008 to generally positive reviews.

 Plot 
Arjun (Vinay Rai) is an IT professional who resigns his job in London and returns to India, following his father's sudden death. He decides to set up a real estate business in Chennai from the funds he has saved so far. He goes to the bank to withdraw the money, but is shocked to see that only Rs.18,000 is available in his account. He estimated the amount to be Rs.65 lakhs. Arjun doubts that his father must have invested the money somewhere in India. He inquires with his father's friends to get to know about the money. At last, Arjun finds that his father has purchased a house in Madurai with the money, but also is shocked to know that his father had another wife named Chandrika (Malavika Avinash), who is a French teacher and has a daughter named Brinda (Lekha Washington) through her.
Brinda gets admission to study in MIT in the US, but her education loan is rejected. She decides to sell the house in Madurai and get the money needed for her education. Arjun comes to meet Chandrika and Brinda, asking Brinda not to sell the property as it was purchased through his money. Chandrika understands that her daughter's activities are not right and the house should belong to Arjun. Brinda is short tempered and does not listen to Chandrika. Chandrika hands over the house documents to Arjun, and he leaves to Madurai to sell the house.
At Madurai, he meets Durai Raj (Nizhalgal Ravi), a chilli vendor, and his daughter Annapurani (Bhavana), who are the tenants. Durai is a friend of Arjun's father. Arjun explains his situation and requests them to vacate the home so that he can sell. To convince Annapoorani, Arjun cooks up a story that both Annapoorani and Arjun are childhood friends. To his surprise, Brinda comes to Madurai to prevent Arjun from selling the property. She approaches Guna (Kishore), a local goon, to help her from stopping Arjun. Guna comes along with his wife Poongodhai (Vasundhara Kashyap) to the registrar office to stop the deal. A quarrel erupts between Arjun and Guna, and when Guna tries to hit Arjun with a hammer, Arjun hits the hammer's head, which ends up hitting Poongodhai, and she dies. This angers Guna, and he wants to kill Arjun.
Arjun escapes to Chennai with Brinda, but Chandrika passes away, and Brinda has no one to care for. Arjun takes Brinda to his home and asks her to stay with him, and she hesitantly agrees. Slowly, Arjun develops affection towards Brinda and decides to give the money to her for education. Annapurani comes to Chennai for a volleyball match, and love blossoms between her and Arjun. To Arjun's surprise, Arjun and Annapurani were really childhood friends and were so close during childhood. Arjun decides to leave to London and join his previous job as Guna keeps searching for him. On the day of Arjun's flight to London, Guna kidnaps Brinda. Arjun comes back from the airport to rescue Brinda, and in the fight, Guna gets killed. Brinda realizes her mistake and gets close with Arjun. Finally Brindha, Annapurni, and Arjun unite.

 Cast 

 Reception 
The film received positive reviews and lauded by critics for its simplicity in its presentation. The film was described by Sify.com as a "breezy entertainer", with the reviewer taking a liking to the film, comparing Jayamkondaan to the films Run, Sandakozhi and the Malayalam film Kireedom. The script and direction is described as "successful due to straightforward narration and packaging". Lekha Washington's performance was praised, citing that she "sparkles as the half sister in a well etched role" and is "the surprise packet and has the credentials to make it big". Vinay "looks too thin and fragile" but "adds to the film's energy", while Bhavana has nothing much to do other than "looking prim and proper". Out of the comedians, Sify reports that Krishna and Santhanam were more effective than Vivek who at times you feel speaks more dialogues than necessary. Praise is also heaped on Athisaya as the small town girl who gets enamored by the rowdy, describing her as a "revelation", while Kishore "fits the bill as the bad guy".In unison, Rediff.com also praise the film as a "nice blend of the cinematic and logic".
The reviewer describes Vinay, "as the protagonist is very comfortable in his role" and thathe has "expressive eyes, emotes well, and makes sure his audience isn't disappointed. However Lekha Washington is clearly the surprise package", echoing Sify.com's views. However it claims that Bhavana, with her "soulful eyes and acting talent, could have done with a meatier role". "The film has risen above the clichés as per the review of The Hindu and the reviewer has praised Vinay for choosing this film as his second project".Critics claimed that Kannan deserves credit for a "good job" on his story and screenplay.
Vidayasagar's music was described as is "so-so", there is a feeling that you have heard these tunes before with the "picturisation is nowhere near the high standards set up by the director's guru (Mani Ratnam). Rediff claims that Balasubramaniam's camera makes sure the "viewers aren't treated to bizarre angles" and that V. T. Vijayan's editing is "slick and smooth".

 Soundtrack 
The film has six songs composed by Vidyasagar. The audio of the film released worldwide on 3 June 2008, two months prior to the release. The soundtrack was successfully received with praise.

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Jayamkondaan at IMDb

Kurukshetram (2006 film)
Kurukshetram is a 2006 Indian Tamil language film directed by director Jayabharathi, starring Sathyaraj, Roja, Vadivelu, and  K. M. Rajendra. The music for this film was scored by Isaac Thomas Kottukapally. The film is produced by K. M. Rajendra under the banner Rajendra Movies. The cinematography and editing for this film were done by A. Karuppaya and Suresh Urs respectively. Kurukshetram is Sathyaraj's 170th film. The film released on 11 August 2006.

 Plot 
Bharath (Sathyaraj) and his wife Vaishnavi (Roja) live in Western America with their children Subash and Sindu. Riots break out in the part of America where Bharath and his family live, during which their daughter Sindu dies in a bomb blast. After Sindu's death, Vaishnavi falls ill, so Bharath decides to shift to Chennai along with his family. Even after going to Chennai, Bharath and his family are not living happily because Bharath's friend Jack (K. M. Rajendra) is torturing Bharath's family by blackmailing Vaishnavi. The flashback in the movie reveals why Jack threatens Vaishnavi.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The music is composed by Isaac Thomas Kottukapally.
Kathadicha
Kattipudi Kattipudi
Maname
Panipookkam
Priya Priyathamma

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, "In an effort to appease the masses and the minuscule class that craves for meaningful cinema, Jayabharathy's film ends up being neither here nor there". Chennai Online wrote, "The story begins in an interesting manner but then deteriorates". BizHat wrote, "Director could have concentrated on the story more. He has tried to highlight the terrorism, and world peace on the screen but, he hasn't achieved it due to the unreal screenplay".

 Legacy 
The comedy sequences in which Vadivelu instructs how to make an uttapam became viral upon release.

 References 

 External links 
Kurukshetram at IMDb

Karagattakkari
Karagattakkari (transl. The Karakattam danseuse) is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Bharathi Kannan. The film stars Roja, with S. S. R. Kannan and Vilasini playing supporting roles. The film, which was produced by London Shoban of Shrinidhi Theatres, was released on 18 March 2005.

 Cast 
Roja
S. S. R. Kannan
Shridhar
Vilasini
Vinu Chakravarthy
Shanmugasundaram
Gandhimathi
Yugendran
Nellai Siva
Thyagu

 Production 
Director Bharathi Kannan had initially cast Khushbu in the lead role during mid-2004. The actress however was busy with film production work for Avni Cinemax as they were making Giri (2004), and had been slow to lose weight to play the character. As a result, Roja was drafted in to replace Khushbu in the lead role. Khushbu still remained hopeful of being reinstated in the role and hired karakattam dancers from Pudukottai to assist her with preparation, though Roja was finalised.Impressed by the plot, actress Vilasini — who had earlier appeared in films such as Nalla Manasukkaran (1997) and Andipatti Arasampatti (2002) — agreed to jointly produce the film. It was the first film for Vilasini following her return from a spell in prison. Vilasini produced the film alongside London Shoban of Shrinidhi Theatres, who brought in several actors who had appeared in roles in the unrelated Karakattakkaran (1989), which had a similar theme.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The soundtrack features 7 tracks.

 References 

Kasu Irukkanum
Kasu Irukkanum (transl. There needs to be money) is a 2007 Tamil language thriller film directed by R. Kumaran and Priyavan, produced by R. P. Poorani, and editing by P. Mohanraj. The film stars newcomer Vishwa, Payal, Nanditha Jennifer, Laksha, Kadhal Sukumar, Arul, and K. Bhagyaraj, while J. Livingston, Anusha, Singamuthu, Kovai Senthil, and Bonda Mani playing supporting roles. The film had music by Kavin Saradha and Raj Shankar, cinematography by R. K. Kumar, and editing by P. Mohanraj. The film released on 4 May 2007.

 Plot 
Ashok (Vishwa), Ani (Payal), Viji (Nanditha Jennifer), Divya (Laksha), Pravin (Kadhal Sukumar) and Tharun (Arul) are good friends, and their only aim in life is to make money. They steal from banks, hijack container trucks, and rob rich people. They had been actively sought by the police. The police inspector Manikkavel (J. Livingston) is charged to catch them. The friends on the run travel from town to town and are later hosted by a mysterious man named G. R. (K. Bhagyaraj) in his bungalow. The fugitives introduce themselves as youngsters who were lost in the woods.
Ashok and Ani then fall in love with each other, and they decide to get married. Viji, who was secretly in love with Ashok, is heartbroken. In the past, Ashok was a MIS final-year student in Harvard University. When his parents died, Ashok came to his native city, where he realized that his parents were killed by his greedy uncle for inheriting his family's wealth. The innocent Ashok was then sent to a mental asylum by his uncle, his lover, and his best friend who betrayed him for money. Ashok escaped from the mental asylum and killed all three. That day, he realizes that money is the most important thing in life, and so he became a thief.
Thereafter, Divya and Tharun were found dead far from the bungalow. Viji suspects their host G. R. for killing her friends and stabs him with a knife. G. R. confesses that he did not kill them. He also told that his sister Mahalakshmi (Anusha) was killed in the same way. Ashok and Ani reveal to Pravin that they were the murderers, and they murder him. Ashok and Ani wanted to vanish, so they killed their partners who were the only witnesses of their crimes, and their last target is Viji. When Ashok tries to kill Viji, she confesses her love for him. Ashok then changes his mind and accepts her love. Ashok then poisons Ani's drink, and she dies by drinking it. The police finally found their hiding place. Ashok and Viji eventually escape from there.
Ashok and Viji settle in a remote place with their caravan. Viji attempts to kill Ashok for murdering her friends, but she fails and the psychopath Ashok chokes her to death. G. R. tracks Ashok down and tries to murder him for killing his innocent sister, but the police arrive at the right moment and shoot Ashok dead.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film producer G. Ramachandran, who has previously produced Manu Needhi (2000) and Sound Party (2004), introduced his son Vishwa as the film's hero. There are three pairs in the film Vishwa, Kadhal Sukumar, and Arul as heroes and Payal, Nanditha Jennifer, and Laksha as heroines. K. Bhagyaraj signed on to play an important role. J. Livingston, Muthukaalai, Singamuthu and Vadivelu David were chosen to act in supporting roles.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by film composers Kavin Saradha and Raj Shankar. The soundtrack, released in 2007, features 6 tracks with lyrics written by G. R. and Asura.

 Reception 
A critic said that "The story is an attempt to strike a different chord from the routine fare, both by way of plotting and characterisation. But the inexperience of the makers comes in the way of building up on the knot that had potential". Another critic wrote, "Debutant Vishwa (his home production) makes an effort at playing a role with dark shades" and labelled the film as "poor".

 References 

Karuppusamy Kuththagaithaarar
Karuppusamy Kuththagaithaarar is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language masala film written and directed by A. Govindamoorthy. the song lyrics are penned by Yugabharathi and Vijay Sagar. It stars Karan, Meenakshi and Vadivelu. The film earned mixed reviews and had an average run at the box office.

 Plot 
Karuppusamy (Karan), is a happy go lucky guy in Madurai who is a small time contractor for a cycle stand. He also takes part in stage shows with his friends during temple festivals. Raasathi (Meenakshi), is a first year medical college student who meets Karuppusamy frequently while parking her cycle in the stand managed by Karuppusamy. Raasathi is very fond of her mother, who died when she was young. Raasathi gets attracted towards Karuppusamy as his acts reminds her of her late mother. Raasathi proposes Karuppusamy and requests him to be with her, so that she feels that her mother lives with her in the form of Karuppusamy. Karuppusamy, although reluctant at initial stages, agrees to Raasathi.
Parallel narration is the comedy track of Padithurai Pandi (Vadivelu), a fraud who cheats others of their money using various comedic attempts with his 2 goons.
Meanwhile, there is Sakthi Kumar who frequently follows Raasathi, but she gets furious seeing him. Raasathi's father finds out about her love for Karuppusamy and gets furious. Now, all her family members are united after a long gap citing this love issue. It is revealed that Sakthi Kumar is Raasathi's cousin brother. A small flashback is shown where, Raasathi's uncles were ruthless money lenders in Madurai. As they were very strict in money lending, they had a huge list of enemies as well. One of such enemies wanted to take revenge on Raasathi's family and in the event, Raasathi's mother gets accidentally killed. This makes Raasathi's father abandon his family and moves alone with Raasathi.
Coming to present, Raasathi's family members are now united and they oppose her love for Karuppusamy. Karuppusamy meets Raasathi's father and tries to convince him, but in vain. Raasathi's family members lock her up in a room and decides to stop her education. Karuppusamy gets furious and requests them to send her to college, as he wanted her to continue her passion of becoming a doctor. Raasathi's family members agree to send her to college but with a condition that Karuppusamy should never meet her. Karuppusamy agrees and Raasathi resumes her education now.
But secretly, Raasathi's family members plan for her wedding and her wedding is arranged without her knowledge itself. When Karuppusamy finds out this, he gets angry and goes to Raasathi's house. He bashes all the goons and takes Raasathi with him. Karuppusamy scolds Raasathi's family members for not keeping up their words. Karuppusamy also promises that he will support Raasathi's education and help her fulfill her dream. Raasathi goes with Karuppusamy.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Dhina.

 References 

 External links 
Karuppusamy Kuththagaithaarar at IMDb

Indru Mudhal
Indru Mudhal (transl. From Today) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by M. A. Murugesh. The film stars Mithun, Daisy Bopanna and Nanditha, while Nagesh and K. S. Ravikumar also appear in supporting roles. The film was released on 1 May 2003.

 Plot 

 Cast 

 Production 
The film marked the directorial debut of M. A. Murugesh, who had previously worked as an apprentice under director K. S. Ravikumar. The shoot of the film was held at locations including the VGP Golden Beach resort in Chennai, as well as Kodaikanal and Gujarat, where they shot scenes depicting the 2001 Gujarat earthquake. Further scenes were shot depicting a cycle race featuring 200 young people, while the climax was filmed on a large ship, the N. N. Cauveri.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Deva, with lyrics written by Pa. Vijay.

 Reception 
Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote, "The debutant director takes the narration from the hill-station, to the earthquake-hit Bhuj, and back to the hill-station, to add some drama and generate interest in his sweet hearts-separeated-at-childhood story. All to no avail". The film did not perform well at the box office.

 References 

 External links 
Indru Mudhal at IMDb

Gambeeram
Gambeeram (transl. Bravery) is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by Suresh, starring Sarath Kumar and Laila. 

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Mani Sharma and lyrics were written by Pa. Vijay and Kabilan.

 Reception 
The film received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
Indiaglitz wrote, "Sarath seems to have worked well in terms of shaping his physique for the role. Some of his utterances at politicians seem pre-conceived. Laila plays a police constable. She takes care of Sarath Kumar's daughter and appears in a couple of songs. Vadivelu evokes laughter at places. Thanikala Bharani, a Tollywood comedian is introduced       as villain in the movie.  Kanal Kannan's stunts, Y N Murali's cinematography and V T Vijayan's editing add strength to the film.".Sify wrote, "It is an out and out Sarath Kumar film as he dominates the film till the end. In action scenes he flexes his muscles and fights with a new villain Jasper (who is 165 kg!), and looks awesome. Laila has nothing much to do other than speak in her shrieky dubbed voice and sing duets with the hero. New girl Pranathi is promising, while Vadivelu's comedy does an interesting sideshow as a dumb cop. Suresh tries to make a racy cop story, which lacks a strong screenplay. The music of Mani Sharma is nothing great.".Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote, ""Gambeeram" offers a solid role for Sarathkumar. With commendable underplay and agile action Sarath does justice to the job on hand. Laila's scared, vulnerable look suits her to perfection. And debutant Pranathi's sparkling eyes help her make an impression as Sarath's wife Saroja. This is another comedy track in which Vadivelu evokes some healthy laughter. The new `villain' Thanikala Bharani and that hulk of a fighter (Jasper) are just stereotypes. Manisharma's re-recording has never believed in mellowed sound. True to its name, "Gambeeram" looks majestic, dignified and commanding in every frame.".

 References 

 External links 
Gambeeram at IMDb

Gajendra (2004 film)
Gajendra is a 2004 Indian Tamil language action film directed by Suresh Krishna. The film stars Vijayakanth, Flora and Laya in lead roles. The film, produced by V. A. Durai, was released on 17 September 2004 to negative reviews. The film is remake of Telugu blockbuster film Simhadri and was later dubbed into Hindi as Return of Khuda Gawah in 2010. The film failed at box-office.

 Plot 
An orphan and good hearted lad Gajendra (Vijayakanth) is 'adopted' and grows up under Azhagarsamy (Sarath Babu) family care in Chennai. The Bond they share is like father and son. (Flora Saini) is Azhagarsamy's granddaughter, and she likes Gajendra a lot. Once a week, Gajendra meets a mentally challenged girl Indu (Laya). He Entertains her provides money for her caretakers.
When Azhagarsamy and his wife (Lavanya) discover  wants to marry Gajendra, Azhagarsamy decides to get them married. He makes a formal announcement to officially adopt Gajendra. At this time, it is revealed that Gajendra is very close to Indu. The alliance breaks off when Gajendra refuses to leave Indu (who is suspected to be his mistress).
Meanwhile, two separate groups are in search of Gajendra. They find him at the banks of Kaveri River along with Indu.  In the ensuing confrontation between one group of gangsters and Gajendra, Azhagarsamy and his family are surprised to see that Gajendra, who used to be calm and composed, is ruthlessly killing many rowdies without mercy. Meanwhile, Indu gets injured. Gajendra is helped by the second group, who call him 'Andhra Gaja'. When Indu comes back to her senses, she remembers her past and the first thing she does is stab Gajendra with an iron pole. Gajendra is hospitalized in critical condition. Then we see many buses carrying hoards of people demanding to see 'Andhra Gaja'.  The leader of the second group, who was searching for Gajendra, explains the 'Andhra Gaja' story in a flashback.
In the flashback, it is revealed that Azhagarsamy's oldest daughter Mahalakshmi (Seetha) elopes with her lover, a Hyderabadi named Aravind (Rajeev). After some harsh words and saddened over Azhagarsamy's rejection over her choice to marry her love, they both settle in Andhra Pradesh. Learning of the sadness surrounding Azhagarsamy and his wife, Gajendra takes up the job of uniting the family and visits Hyderabad. He joins the medical and spiritual therapy spa operated by Mahalakshmi and her family under the disguise of a patient.
He finds that Indu is Azhagarsamy's first granddaughter. He convinces the separated family to reunite and ask for forgiveness. During this time, Mahalakshmi is killed by a local goon Chhota Babu (Rajat Bedi). A don named  Rana (Nawab Shah) controls the mafia of Andhra Pradesh. Chhota and Rana belong to the same mafia. Gajendra takes the law into his hands and eradicates Bala and his small gang in Andhra Pradesh. The local Andhra people start calling him 'Andhra Gaja'. In the ensuing scenes, Gajendra finds himself developing into "Gajendra," eradicating Rana's network and illegal activities. Indu finds herself alone and constantly worrying about him.  She proposes to her father that they should return to Tamilnadu because she cannot stand their home without her mother, and Gajendra ignores her now.
Indu and Aravind decide to return to Chennai. Gajendra receives a call that Indu's father is carrying a bomb in his briefcase. Aravind is seen rushing to catch a moving train, and Indu was about to lend him a hand. Unable to warn him, Gajendra has two choices: to let Indu's father die so people on the train can live, or let the bomb kill everyone on board, including Indu and her father.
Gajendra chooses the first option. As soon as Aravind catches the train bar handle, Gajendra shoots him in the back. Surprised at Gajendra's action, Indu jumps off the train to catch her falling father, and she gets hit her head against a pole, causing her amnesia and becoming mentally challenged. After the flashback ends, people are seen and heard chanting Gaja Gaja outside the hospital. Rana and his men arrive at the hospital to finish off Gajendra. But Gajendra has gained consciousness, and with the help of his friends, police and family (now reunited), he takes down Rana and his army.
Gajendra Jeya Kumar was born in Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan in 2001. A humble boy who grew up loving football, he was born into a traditional Malaysia Indian family. He read law at the University of Reading Malaysia, where he met the love of his life, Nattali Raj. A girl born in Bandar Seri Damansara. Gajen begun his journey to find love, by first trying to follow her on Instagram only to get ignored completely for 7 months. He then by chance got invited by his good friend and junior Edward (an important character) to a night out with Nattali and friends. He then screwed up his chance when he got  too drunk and the night was forced to end early.
Desperate for love, he roped it his best mates to concur a plan. His friends (preferred to be unnamed) set him up to host an event at the university. After that, the first meeting where Edward attended. Edward was notified of his humble intention. With that, Edward and Gajen begun to set out masterplans and ideas between them. That includes following her on spotify and set up a music blend playlist, playing snooker on Ipad and chatting topics.
After weeks of hard-work and a well-planned masterplan, Gajen smell the window of opportunity at winter. He and Edward had a fruitful strategic discussion in which Gajendra will test the water by asking her out to by Christmas present at a shopping mall nearby even though he is not a Christian. The whole plan was a masterpiece which included him fetching her and having dinner and dessert (ice-cream just to be clear). The night ended well when Gajen finally ask her to be his girlfriend and she accepted him. He went wild and contacted all his close friend, including Edward and describe it as the best night of his life and with that they live happily ever after (until episode 2).

 Cast 
Vijayakanth as Gajendra
Flora as Kasthuri
Laya as Indhu
Sarath Babu as Azhagarsamy
Nawab Shah as Rana
Rajat Bedi as Chotta Babu
Seetha as Mahalakshmi
Rajeev as Aravind
Radha Ravi as ACP Soukath Ali
Ramesh Khanna as Pazhaniappan
Vinu Chakravarthy as Peedhambaram
Nizhalgal Ravi as Azhagarsamy' second son-in-law
Mahanadi Shankar
M. S. Bhaskar as Fake patient
Raj Kapoor as Rana's Henchman
Lavanya

 Production 
The film was shot at locations in Rameswaram, Pushkarani, Tiruchandur, Vishakhapatnam, Chennai and Hyderabad. One of the fight scenes was picturised in the forest areas near Thalakkonam within 15 days while another fight scene was shot in the Godavari river in five days in which a stunt man lost his life in the water.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Deva. The soundtrack, released in 26 August 2004, features 5 tracks but only two songs are placed in the film. The lyrics written by Kabilan and Pa. Vijay. "Gaja Varanda" was reused from Deva's own Kannada song "Banda Nodamma" for Kannada film Kadamba (2003) also directed by Suresh Krishna.

 Release and reception 
The film's release was postponed for some months, producer Durai's financial troubles and Vijayakanth's controversial statements against Pattali Makkal Aatchi were said to be the reason for delays.IndiaGlitz.com described the film as a "bad remake". Sify.com said that the film is a "waste of time". Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu called it "another Vijayakanth product that deifies the hero." Visual Dasan of Kalki noted many of the Vijayakanth's dialogues have indirect political overtones while also stating the film despite being remade from a Telugu film, it heavily reminds of Baasha and called the film a massive bore.

 References 

 External links 
Gajendra at IMDb

Friends (2001 film)
Friends is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language buddy drama film, directed by Siddique and produced by Appachan. It is a remake of Siddique's 1999 Malayalam film of the same name. The film stars Vijay, Suriya and Ramesh Khanna in the lead roles, while Devayani, Vijayalakshmi, Abhinayashree, Sriman, Vadivelu, Charle, and Radha Ravi play supporting roles. The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, while Anandakuttan handled cinematography.
Friends released on 14 January 2001. It received positive reviews and became a commercial success. This film also marks the second collaboration of Tamil leading actors Vijay and Suriya after Nerrukku Ner (1997).

 Plot 
Aravindan, Chandru and Krishnamoorthy have been best friends since childhood. They value friendship above everything else, including family. Thus, Chandru resists the romantic overtures of Aravindan's younger sister Amudha. Chandru, an orphan, stays with Aravindan and is considered by Aravindan's parents as a second son. Some brushes with the law force Aravindan and Chandru to lie low in Chennai for a couple of days, where they and Krishnamoorthy take up jobs as painters in a mansion under contractor Nesamani, Krishnamoorthy's paternal uncle. Aravindan falls in love with Padmini, who lives in the mansion, though Padmini only considers him as a friend; nevertheless, she is grateful to him when he saves her from an accidental electrocution.
However, Padmini's cousin Abhirami has a crush on Aravindan and is enraged when she realises that he is in love with Padmini. Abhirami sends false letters to him in Padmini's name and makes him believe that his love is reciprocated. When Padmini suddenly gets engaged to another man, Chandru stands up for Aravindan’s love and insults Padmini in front of her entire family, causing her engagement to get cancelled. This makes Padmini decide to marry Aravindan, but with the intention to take revenge on Chandru by breaking his and Aravindan's friendship. But during their marriage, Aravindan and Padmini realise that Abhirami is behind all the mishaps which had taken place, and that Chandru is innocent. Padmini reconciles with Chandru, and Chandru's and Amutha's wedding is fixed.
Gowtham is Aravindan's cousin who lusts for Amutha. He plans to separate Aravindan and Chandru so that he can marry Amutha. He first sets Amutha's sari on fire while she is cooking in the kitchen. Chandru blames Padmini for the mishap as she was in the kitchen with Amutha at the time, even though Padmini is innocent, but no one, including Aravindan, believes Chandru. Gowtham then turns his eye on the annual bullock race in which Chandru is taking part, by loosening the wheels on Chandru's cart with the intention to cause a serious accident and frame Padmini as the culprit, thus creating a wedge between Chandru and Aravindan. Unfortunately for Gowtham, Aravindan decides to take part in the race in Chandru's place since Chandru is to be married, and manages to win despite using the broken bullock cart.
Chandru accuses Padmini of trying to kill him. Padmini threatens to leave the house if Aravindan remains friends with Chandru and does not throw him out of the house. Aravindan then reveals to her that he had accidentally killed Chandru's deaf-and-dumb younger brother Chinna when they were children, which traumatised him so much that he never told anyone about it. Since then, he has been looking out for Chandru out of the guilt that he had no one else in his life any more. Gowtham overhears their conversation and makes this known by Chandru. Chandru fights with Aravindan, breaks their friendship and leaves the house. Aravindan tries to convince Chandru to return and marry Amutha, even if he cannot repair their friendship. However, in the process, Aravindan falls from a cliff.
Five years later, Chandru is a Major in the Indian Army and has never returned to Aravindan's home since his presumed death. He receives a letter from Krishnamoorthy stating that Aravindan is not dead, but in a vegetative state, not responding to anyone and only sitting in a corner. Chandru immediately leaves for Aravindan's house, where he also learns that Aravindan and Padmini have a young son whose name is Chandru, in tribute to their friendship. Meanwhile, Gowtham, who has been torturing Padmini and Amutha since Aravindan went into the vegetative state, finds that Chandru has returned and beats him up. On hearing Chandru's cries, Aravindan wakes up and subdues Gowtham and his goons. Ultimately, Aravindan, Chandru and Krishnamoorthy, as well as Padmini and Amutha, are reunited.

 Cast 

 Production 
After appearing together in Nerrukku Ner (1997), Vijay and Suriya came together again in this film, a remake of the 1999 Malayalam film Friends.  Meena was approached to play the female lead as she did the original Malayalam version. Due to dates problem, she could not be part of it. Later Jyothika was signed along with Suvaluxmi to play the lead actresses in the film but soon backed out due to date problems and were replaced by Devayani and new girl Vijayalakshmi from Mysore. Shooting was held in a fast pace on Tamil Nadu locations (Ooty, Pollachi, Pazhani, Coimbatore, Udumalaipettai and Chennai).

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. Lyrics of the songs were penned by Palani Bharathi. Chennai Online wrote "Though the album is not very brilliant, it is full of melody and has a couple of pleasant numbers."

 Release and reception 
Friends was released on 14 January 2001, Pongal day. Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu stated, "With friendship as the theme, Siddique presents a decent entertainer, which of course could have been crisper." Shilpa Kannan from Zee TV noted "at last, we have one thoroughly enjoyable picture this year" and "except for the end, which is a bit melodramatic, Friends is an excellent movie for debutant director Siddique." Ananda Vikatan rated the film 42 out of 100. Krishna Chidambaram of Kalki felt the director separated two halves differently calling the first half as enjoyable but felt the second half as sentimental and the both should have been equally mixed. Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "It is a fairly engaging entertainer with the first part moving at a fast pace with ribtickling humour and slapstick comedy thrown in. The second half has a jerky narration, the smooth transition of the original somehow missing in the remake". Despite facing competition with Ajith Kumar's Dheena, Friends emerged a commercial success, running for more than 175 days in theatres and became a hit for the careers of Vijay and Suriya. The film was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Film – Tamil.

 See also 
Pray for Nesamani

 References 

 External links 
Friends at IMDb

Karka Kasadara
Karka Kasadara is 2005 Indian Tamil-language film produced and directed by R. V. Udayakumar. The film stars Vikranth and Lakshmi Rai in their debuts, along with Diya and Vadivelu in lead roles. The music was composed by Prayog with cinematography by M. Jeevan and editing by D. S. R. Subash. The film was released on 6 May 2005. This movie is popular for Vadivelu's comedy.

 Plot 
The film begins with Rahul coming from the United States to India to see his grandparents for the first time. He helps a girl who was going to commit suicide due to her upcoming marriage. He also falls in love with Anjali.

 Cast 
Vikranth as Rahul
Lakshmi Rai as Anjali
Diya as Paaru
Vadivelu as Ondippuli
Robo Shankar as Henchman
Madhan Bob as Settu
Manorama
Charuhasan
Malaysia Zig-Zack German

 Production 
The film marked the acting debuts of actor Vijay's cousin Vikranth in lead role and Lakshmi Rai (now known as Raai Laxmi).

 Soundtrack 
Prayog, who earlier composed for Kannada films, made his debut in Tamil with this film. All the songs were written by R. V. Udayakumar.

 References 

 External links 
Karka Kasadara at IMDb 
Karka Kasadara at Rotten Tomatoes

Kanchivaram
Kanchivaram is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language period drama film written and directed by Priyadarshan. The film stars Prakash Raj and Shriya Reddy and has music by M. G. Sreekumar, cinematography by Tirru, editing by Arun Kumar, and art direction by Sabu Cyril. The audiography was done by M. R. Rajakrishnan. The movie depicts the pitiable state of the silk weavers in the town of Kanchipuram as they were unorganized and marginalized to live a perpetual ‘hand-to-mouth’ existence. The movie depicts their struggles and ends with a comment about the cooperative movement that emerged to take care of the interests of the workers.
The film was certified by the censor board in 2007, and opened at the 33rd Toronto International Film Festival on 12 September 2008. It was also shown at the Silk Screen Asian American Film Festival in Pittsburgh. The film eventually went on to receive Best Film and Best Actor for Prakash Raj at the 55th National Film Awards. Priyadarshan won the Zenith Asia Award for best director for this film. The story is set in the silk weavers' town of Kanchipuram, in post-independence India, though the film was shot mainly in Mandya (Melukote Temple) and Mysore.

 Plot 
Vengadam (Prakash Raj) has been released from jail in 1948. He is only being escorted for two days (the reason not revealed) back to his hometown of Kanchipuram. He is being transported under the custody of two policemen on a bus from the jail. As the journey takes place, Vengadam recalls his past symbolically as several events that occur in the bus remind him of his past.
Vengadam is a silk weaver in the town of Kanchivaram, and has just recently got married (with Sriya Reddy). He had vowed once that he will only wed a woman wearing a silk saree, but had to settle for normalcy as he unable to garner enough savings to buy one.
But soon after, Vengadam's brother-in-law suffers losses in his business, and tells Vengadam that he will have to abandon Vengadam's sister because he wouldn't afford to take care of her. In desperation to preserve his sister's life and dignity, Vengadam hands over his life savings to his brother-in-law, leaving his silk saree ambitions in tatters. A fair happens in the town, Vengadam and his family decide to go but soon Annam (Sriya Reddy) begins to vomit blood. Later that night she dies in Vengadam's arms when he shows her his daughter's silk saree. Soon after, a writer visits the town and asks for a place to stay- which Vengadam arranges in a friend's house. It is slowly revealed that the writer is a communist with an agenda. He promotes the idea of equality to the silk weavers after learning about their poor pay and their inability to access the very product that they make. By time, Vengadam alongside fellow weavers embrace this idea and participate actively in street theatre mocking their Zamindar, who employs all of them. After the writer is hunted down by police and killed (Communism was illegal at that time in India), Vengadam takes control, and under him, the weavers submit a petition demanding pay increase and other initiatives.
However, to his shock, his friend's son (with whom his daughter is in love with) returns from the armed forces one day, and informs that the British are defeating Germans in the war, meaning that relations with the Communists have deteriorated. At the same time, he also wants to marry Vengadam's daughter before he is asked to return to the battlefield, leaving Vengadam perplexed as he has to fulfill the promise of sending her off with a silk saree. With only half of the saree finished so far, he suddenly goes against his own words and asks all weavers to rejoin work immediately, and is branded a traitor. At work, he secretly smuggles strings of silks out of the temple in which he works to help him finish the saree in time. But after a while, he gets caught during smuggling, which causes him to get beaten up and sent to jail.
The story returns to present day, where it is revealed that his daughter has slipped and fell into a well, leaving her paralysed, with nobody to take care of her (Vengadam's wife died due to injuries sustained during a stampede by the villagers to see the zamindar's new motorcar, when his daughter was still young). He asks his sister to take her in, but his brother-in-law says it will hurt his dignity to have a thief's daughter stay in his house. Not knowing what to do, Vengadam poisons his own daughter and she dies shortly thereafter, ending her suffering.
As her dead body lay in front of the house, Vengadam opens up his house and finds the half-woven silk saree he had before. He takes the cloth and uses that silk to cover his dead daughter's body, in resemblance to what Vengadam said at the beginning of the film (at his father's death, Vengadam complained that despite his father being a silk weaver his whole life, he do not have a single silk cloth to cover his body, apart from a small piece tied at his toes as per tradition). He becomes mentally unstable (shown by his attempts at covering his daughter's face and leg with the half-woven silk saree). The films ends with a freeze frame shot of the mentally unstable Vengadam laughing towards the camera after covering his daughter's body with silk, before credits reveal how communism had become a forefront movement in India.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film was produced by Shailendra Singh at Percept Pictures and made in 35 days on a budget of ₹1.5 crore (worth ₹4.9 crore in 2021 prices). It was initially announced to be made in Malayalam as Kancheepuram in 2001.

 Awards and nominations 

 Awards 
55th National Film Awards
Best Film - Shailendra Singh & Bhushan Kumar (Film producers)
Best Actor - Prakash Raj
Filmfare Awards South
Filmfare Award for Best Director in Tamil - Priyadarshan
Filmfare Award for Best Actor in Tamil - Prakash Raj
Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress in Tamil - Shammu
Vijay AwardsVijay Award for Best Actor - Prakash Raj
Vijay Award for Best Debut Actor - Vimal

 Release 
The Hollywood Reporter gave a favorable review to the film and wrote that "Here is an original story with authentic period details. Meanwhile, doleful musical notes heighten not just the misfortune of the weavers but the sense of distress".

 References 

 External links 
Kanchivaram at IMDb

Kunguma Pottu Gounder
Kunguma Pottu Gounder is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language comedy drama film directed by Suraj, credited as G. Saisuresh. The film stars Sathyaraj and Rambha, with Kausalya, Karan, Mouli and Goundamani in supporting roles. It was released on 8 June 2001. The film was remade in Kannada as Mutthu (2002).

 Plot 
In desperation to enroll his son in a good school, Kandasamy takes the help of an educated woman to pose as his son's mother. Problems arise when Kandasamy's wife finds it out.

 Cast 

 Production 
Kunguma Pottu Gounder was directed by Suraj under the name G. Saisuresh. The film's story was written by T. K. Maheshwar while Shankar handled the cinematography.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Sirpy.

 Reception 
Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu praised the comic exchanges of Sathyaraj and Goundamani and said, "despite fairly good acting and appealing dialogue the film does not make an impact, it is the pitfalls in the story and screenplay that are to be blamed". Visual Dasan of Kalki gave the film a verdict of "average". Malini Mannath wrote in Chennai Online, "The message that the director intended to convey, about the importance of education and the stringent rules certain prestigious schools follow, is diluted as the director shuttles between the comic and the serious, and gives more importance to the marital discord and the jealous wife story".

 References 

 External links 
Kunguma Pottu Gounder at IMDb 
Kunguma Pottu Gounder at Rotten Tomatoes

Kaadhal Kondein
Kaadhal Kondein (transl. I Fell In Love) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic psychological thriller film written and directed by Selvaraghavan, credited as his directorial debut. The film stars his brother Dhanush and newcomers Sonia Agarwal and Sudeep Sarangi, while Nagesh and Daniel Balaji play supporting roles. The film, which has music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography handled by Aravind Krishna, released on 4 July 2003, becoming a critical and commercial success upon release. The film is considered a breakthrough for Dhanush as it catapulted him into the league of lead actors in the Tamil film industry.
The film was remade in Telugu in 2004 as Nenu, in Bangla in 2004 as Onno Manush, in Kannada in 2009 as Ravana and in Bengali in 2010 as Amanush.

 Plot 
In 2003, Vinod (Dhanush), an orphan, has grown up under the care of church father Rozario (Nagesh). He is an introvert but a genius. He scores well in his +2 exams and gets free admission into one of the top engineering colleges in Andhra Pradesh. He is forcibly sent to Vishakhapatnam to study in an engineering college, where he is a complete misfit in class. Though shunned by the rest of his class, Divya (Sonia Agarwal), a fellow Tamilian student, becomes his best friend, and he gradually warms up to her. Vinod excels in his studies, and everyone begins to see him differently. His feelings for Divya soon turn into love, but he realises that Divya considers him only as a friend and learns that she is in love with another classmate, Aadhi (Sudeep).
Divya's father is enraged on learning of her love. He locks her up in her room and prevents her from contacting anyone. Vinod comes and requests to meet her on the pretext of purchasing second-hand clothes for himself. Pitying Vinod, her father allows him to meet Divya. Vinod escapes with Divya and convinces her that she will meet Aadhi in Araku Valley. Vinod has set up a secret place in Araku to execute his plan of wooing Divya. He makes her stay with him, while convincing her to stay by talking about Aadhi's arrival. On one such day, he reveals information about his past.
In 1995, near the forest of Chilakaluripet, a gang runs a brick factory which employs only children as labour. The gang's leader is a ruthless money-lending lady who buys orphans for work. The boys and girls are enslaved under highly inhuman conditions and work for 16 hours a day. Vinod, a 13-year-old-boy, is sold by his uncle and aunt for money after his parents died in an accident. He befriends three boys and one girl of the same age. One day, Vinod tries to inform the cruelty the children are exposed, to an officer who later accepts a bribe and leaves. He is then sent to solitary confinement within a metal box under the sun as punishment. Vinod's female friend agrees to the sexual advances made by the owners husband in exchange for freeing Vinod from the metal box, yet she dies during the sexual assault and the murder is covered up. Weeks later, the boys, lead by Vinod, rebel and kill the entire gang. They manage to vandalise the place and escape, following which the government takes over the plant, and all children are admitted into an orphanage run by Father Rozario.
Divya is touched by his past. Incidentally, the police and Aadhi arrive at the place. While Vinod was away to get some food, they try to explain to Divya that Vinod is a psychopath, with the evidence of a dead body in his earlier residence. Divya scoffs at their claims, citing his gentlemanly behaviour over the days that she has been alone with him. Vinod, learning that the police have arrived at the scene, begins to indulge in violence. He opens fire, killing a police constable. Forcing them out of their hideout, he manages to evade the police inspector and Aadhi and successfully brings Divya back to their original place of stay. Divya soon identifies the wolf in the sheep's clothing. Vinod pleads with her, telling Divya that all he wanted in his life was her presence, but she called him a friend and stated her inability to accept him as her partner for life.
Meanwhile, Aadhi regains consciousness and comes back to attack Vinod and rescue his girlfriend. A violent fight follows, where Vinod treats Aadhi with disdain. The fight culminates with Vinod, Aadhi, and Divya teetering at the edge of a slippery cliff. While Divya clutches a tree bark tightly, Vinod and Aadhi slip out and barely manage to hold either of her hands. Divya is forced to choose between her boyfriend and friend. Aadhi's pleas notwithstanding, Divya does not have the heart to kill Vinod, who smiles at Divya and he himself leaves hand falling to his death. The film closes with a dead Vinod looking up, with a smile on his face.

 Cast 

 Production 
Following the success of the film Thulluvadho Ilamai (2002), the team chose to collaborate again with the psychotic romantic thriller Kaadhal Kondein, credited as Selvaraghavan's directorial debut. Selvaraghavan had written the script for the film in the late 1990s and had first narrated the story to Dhanush in their shared bedroom at home, before asking him to play the lead role of Vinod. Abhinay, who was a part of Thulluvadho Ilamai, was to play one of the lead roles but was replaced by newcomer Sudeep from Mumbai.

 Music 
For Kaadhal Kondein, director Selvaraghavan and music composer Yuvan Shankar Raja came together again after their earlier successful collaboration in Thulluvadho Ilamai, for which Selvaraghavan worked as a writer. The soundtrack of Kaadhal Kondein released on 20 March 2003, featuring seven tracks with lyrics written by Palani Bharathi and Na. Muthukumar. The music, especially the film score, received universal critical acclaim, establishing composer Yuvan Shankar Raja as one of the "most sought after music directors" in the Tamil film industry.The song "Kadhal Mattum Purivathillai" is based on "Raven" by the Swedish-Finnish folk band Hedningarna, whilst "Manasu Rendum" is based on "A Rose in the Wind" by Indonesian singer Anggun. More than a year after the release of the film, an "original soundtrack" was released, that followed the Hollywood-style. It was said to be the first time, that an original soundtrack was released for a film in India as the soundtracks released in India do not contain any film score pieces but full songs that feature in the film itself. The OST of Kaadhal Kondein contains 20 tracks overall, which includes the seven earlier released tracks, four "montage" bit songs, that featured in the film, but not in the soundtrack, and nine pieces from the actual film score, which were titled as "Theme Music".

 Reception 

 Critical response 
The film opened in July 2003 to critical acclaim and commercial success. A reviewer from The Hindu noted, "[Selvaraghavan's] story, screenplay, dialogue and direction are focussed and hit the bull's eye straightway — hardly missing the mark." Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "The film-maker willing to experiment with lesser explored subjects needs to be commended for taking 'the road not taken', and for his efforts to give a different fare to the audience. 'Kadhal Konden' is an engaging entertainer, worth a watch". Visual Dasan of Kalki praised the acting of Dhanush and Sonia Agarwal, Yuvan Shankar Raja's music and the cinematography.

 Accolades 
Sonia Agarwal won the ITFA Best New Actress Award.

 Remakes 
Since its release, the film has been remade into several Indian languages; Boney Kapoor bought the rights to remake the film in Hindi, but the project did not materialise. The film was later remade in Telugu as Nenu (2004), in Kannada as Ravana (2009), in Bangladeshi Bengali as Onno Manush (2004) and in Indian Bengali as Amanush (2010).

 Legacy 
The film proved to be a career breakthrough for both Selvaraghavan and Dhanush in the Tamil film industry. The success of the song "Devathaiyai Kandaen" prompted Boopathy Pandian to name his 2005 film starring Dhanush after the song title.

 References 

 External links 
Kaadhal Kondein at IMDb

Idhaya Thirudan
Idhaya Thirudan (transl. Heart Thief) is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language romantic action film written and directed by Saran. The film stars Jayam Ravi and Kamna Jethmalani, while Prakash Raj, Vani Viswanath, Santhanam, Kalpana, and Nassar play supporting roles. It was Jayam Ravi’s fifth film but was labelled his worst of the five. The soundtrack  was composed by Bharadwaj.

 Plot 
A young woman posts her pictures online and emails them to a fictitious address; to her surprise, a person actually exists at the address. They meet and eventually fall in love, but a police officer poses trouble because he is interested in the girl.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film has been shot at locations in Chennai, Mumbai, Bangalore, Austria and Italy. The songs have been picturised at some exotic locations in Germany, Austria, Mumbai, Alapuzha in Kerala, and at the Guindy Race Course in Chennai.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack consist of 6 songs composed by Bharadwaj.The Lyrics of the songs were written by Vairamuthu.

 Critical reception 
Thiraipadam wrote:" It has the Saran stamp both in the positives like a fast-paced screenplay and a plot twist and the negatives like a weak climax but the overload of coincidences and contrivances is the movie's biggest problem".
Hindu wrote:"The story meanders in rudderless fashion before suddenly waking up to an action-packed climax".
IndiaGlitz wrote:" Though certainly not in the category of Amarkalam or Vasoolraja, Saran's Idhaya Thirudan is a sure attraction for youths".

 Box office 
This film received mixed reviews from the audience.

 References 

 External links 
Idhaya Thirudan at IMDb

Kamaraj (film)
Kamaraj is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language biographical film directed by Balakrishnan made about the life of the Indian politician K. Kamaraj from Tamil Nadu, widely acknowledged as the "Kingmaker" in Indian politics during the 1960s. He was the chief minister of Tamil Nadu during 1954-1963 and a Member of Parliament during 1952-1954 and 1969–1975.
Music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja and the film was produced by Ramana Communications and co- produced by Shakthi International (P.Loganathan). The film had a theatrical release across India in February 2004.

 Plot 
The narration is divided into four phases. The pre-Independence period, depicting Kamaraj's childhood, the influence of Satyamurthy, Kamaraj's growth as a politician and his prison life.
The second phase depicts his taking over as the Congress Chief Minister of the state, the reforms he tries to bring in, especially in education, his largesse and his bending the rules for a good cause-like for the urgent eye-operation of a kid. It also displayed his sense of humour (like his response when his mother in the village sends word that she needed a fan and a blanket), his refusal to take advantage of his position (asking for the newly installed tap to be removed from his village-house).
The third phase where he puts forth the Kamaraj Plan, resigns from the post of CM, involves himself in party work; his influence on national politics, his emergence as a kingmaker and finally his disillusionment with the emerging non-ethics in political life.
The closing scene (taken from the record files of the actual funeral), show swarms of humanity mourning the death of their beloved leader.

 Cast 
Richard Madhuram as K. Kamaraj (Voice dubbed by M. S. Baskar)
Sambathraj Sumant as young Kamaraj
Anandi as Prime Minister Indira Gandhi
Mahendran as Minister K. Rajaram
Vijayan as Kamaraj's friend
Vijayakumar as Periyar E. V. Ramasamy
V. S. Raghavan
Charuhasan

 Production 
Balakrishnan had previously made a television serial on K. Kamaraj and wanted to make a feature-length film on the politician. Richard Madhuram, a retired duty manager (Indian Airlines), was selected for the film after Charuhasan had spotted him and recommended him to the director as a lookalike of the political leader in 1995. After pre-production, the film was launched on 23 August 2002 with several politicians in attendance at the launch event. M. S. Bhaskar has lent his voice for Richard Madhuram in the film. The film was shot in 20 days on a budget of Rs 50 lakh.

 Release 
The film gained positive reviews prior to release, with a critic from Sify.com noting that it was a "class act" and that "Balakrishnan has been faithful to the subject and has come out with a mature form of cinema." Visual Dasan of Kalki praised Balakrishnan for portraying Kamaraj's life with realism without adding any cinematic elements. The film was released across Tamil Nadu in February 2004, but took a low key opening at the box office. A year after release, the makers chose to dub the film into English and release it in 2007 as Kingmaker in attempt to increase financial gains from the project.In 2013, Balakrishnan revealed that the film would have a re-release with fifteen extra scenes edited into the film. Richard Madhuram's death in 2005 meant that his son Pradeep Madhuram essayed scenes which needed the protagonist while Vijayakumar was featured as Periyar. Scenes were later digitalised and extra portions featuring actor Samuthirakani were filmed in June 2014. The updated version of the film was re-released in July 2015.

 Soundtrack 
The film featured five songs composed by Ilaiyaraaja. Song lyrics were by Mahakavi Subramania Bharati, Vaali and Ilaiyaraaja.
"Vande Matharam"
"Naadu Paarthathunda"
"Oorukku Uzhaithavane"
"Senthamil Naadenum"
"Kamaraj Speech"

 See also 
Bharathi (2000 film)
Periyar (2007 film)

 References 

 External links 
Kamaraj at IMDb

Kaalai
Kaalai (transl. Bull) is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by Tharun Gopi. The lead roles are played by Silambarasan and Vedhika. Supporting roles are played by Sangeetha, Seema, Santhanam, 
Lal and Sulile Kumar. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. The film opened on 14 January 2008 to mixed reviews and was a commercial failure. The Hindi dubbed version was named, Jwalamukhi (Man With Fire).

 Plot 
Jeeva shares his name with two other people: one villain and one police officer Jeevanandham who becomes a villain. The confusion arising from this is a significant part of the plot.
At the age of nine, Jeeva’s grandmother Karuppayi Aatha slays five men because they scorned her father’s advice and illegally distilled alcohol in the village. After her return from prison, the villagers both fear and revere her, and consider her the head of the village.
Jeevanandham comes to the village ruled by Karuppayi Aatha to try to find illicit activity. When he cannot find anything, he is thrashed by the villagers. He returns to take vengeance, and in the course of the hostilities burns Karuppayi Aatha alive.
Jeeva the criminal is meanwhile wooing Jeevanandham’s daughter Brindha. But Brindha loves Jeeva, Karuppayi's grandson, and he wants to take revenge on his namesake for the death of his grandmother. He abducts Brindha as a hostage to lure her father to his death.

 Cast 

 Production 

 Casting 
In pre-production work, Tarun Gopi originally offered the lead role to Madhavan, then to Telugu actor Prabhas. Neither was able to take up the role, so Silambarasan was recruited instead. The original choice for the lead female role was Trisha, who was replaced by Vedhika. Prakashraj was originally selected for the role of the police officer Jeeva, but he was replaced by Malayalam actor Lal.

 Filming 
Most of the film was shot in the villages around Theni. Australia was originally planned to be the location for filming songs, but due to visa problems these scenes were shifted to Malaysia. A fast beat song sequence was shot at the Golden Beach, Chennai with Simbu and Vedhika. For much of the filming the heroine was not finalized, so large sections of the movie were shot without the female lead. The shoots appeared disorganized, with few actors recruited ahead of time. Silambarasan did some editing work with Anthony, who is said to have been impressed by his work and presented him with 25,000 rands.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack consists of six songs composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. Actress Mamta Mohandas sang the song Kaala Kaala. The soundtrack had a soft launch.

 Release 
The rights for satellite broadcast were sold to Sun TV. The film was given an "A" certificate by the Indian Censor Board. The film was released at the Pongal 2008 festival at the same time as Bheemaa, Pidichirukku, Pirivom Santhippom, Pazhani and Vaazhthugal.

 Critical reception 
Indiaglitz wrote: "The narrative is too loud and it lacks finesse. Silambarasan handles the 'omnipotent hero' character with confidence. Vedhika announces her arrival as the potential glam girl of 2008. This one with a beautiful and innocent face has just the right figure to take up glamour roles".Nowrunning wrote: "Silambarasan's more than life image is unrealistic if not out of place. Vedhika exudes glamour and performs well in duet songs".Sify wrote: "When Silambarasan and director Tarun Gopi came together in Kaalai we expected a racy masala entertainer. Sadly it is a watered down version of earlier films and ends up as an over-the-top ham enterprise, Kaalai is like a bull in a china shop and makes you groan".

 References 

Kee Mu
Kee Mu (transl. B. C.) is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama tragedy film directed by Majith. The film stars newcomer Hassan and newcomer Sarika, with Vadivelu, Charan Raj, Soori, Karthik Sabesh, Marks and Majith playing supporting roles. The film, produced by M. S. Yakobubeen, was released on 5 September 2008 to below average reviews.

 Plot 
The film begins with a disfigured Ramya (Sarika) living near a salt pan in Thoothukudi. Her father Bhavani (Charan Raj) and his henchmen then forcibly take her to the hospital in Chennai. From her hospital bed, she remembers her past.
Saravanan (Hassan) was a poor boy delivering mutton pieces throughout the city. Ramya, on the other hand, was a rich spoilt brat who is the daughter of the city bigwig Bhavani, a strict yet affectionate father. Saravanan and his three friends - Nethili Murugan (Soori), Sodhappal Sodalamuthu (Karthik Sabesh), and Ganesan (Marks) - were all from Thoothukudi and were working to make ends meet in Chennai. Ramya, who was irritated by Saravanan for no particular reason, makes fun of him and teases him on multiple occasions. She even made Saravanan believe that she was in love with him, and then the heartbroken Saravanan realized that it was all acting. Ramya felt guilty for breaking his heart, so she tried to apologize to Saravanan, but he kept avoiding her. One day, Ramya kissed Saravanan in public and confessed her love for him, and then he fell in love with her as well.
When Bhavani got to know of his daughter's love, he decided to arrange his daughter's marriage as soon as possible. Ramya took a bundle of notes and her jewellery and fled from her home. She was still an underage girl, but in seven days, she will reach the legal age of majority and be able to marry Saravanan at the registrar office. The couple, accompanied by the three friends, started travelling by bus from Courtallam to Thiruchendur. Bhavani and his henchmen eventually captured the couple in Kerala with the help of police.
Ramya then convinced her father to marry Saravanan. Bhavani changed his mind for the happiness of his daughter, and he finally accepted for the marriage. In a twist of fate, Bhavani's henchman Kasi (Majith) killed Saravanan to save his boss' honour. Ramya then jumped into her lover's funeral pyre. She was saved by the people, but the fire disfigured her face.
The film ends with Ramya returning to Thoothukudi to live with Saravanan's father, while the henchman Kasi has now become a lunatic.

 Cast 

 Production 
Director Majith, who made his directorial debut with Thamizhan starring Vijay, returned after a brief hiatus to direct this youthful love story, based on a real life incident. His second film, Thunichal was postponed indefinitely due to financial restraints and remained unreleased; therefore, Majith promptly started off with Kee Mu. The film was shot in MGR Nagar market, Madurai, Tirunelveli, Kanyakumari, and other places where the real incidents took place. The film introduced Hassan and Sarika as the lead pair, Charan Raj signed to play the villain, while Vadivelu was chosen to play the comedian.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Elango Kalaivanan. The soundtrack, released in 2008, features 6 tracks.

 Reception 
Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff.com gave 1.5 stars out of 5 for the film and said that the film is "nothing more than a mock-glorified attempt at recreating Kaadhal". Another reviewer said, "That originality is what's missing in Kee. Mu., which comes off looking like a clone of Kaadhal. With its realism and good characterization, the film does have its positives but the similarities to Kaadhal are just too many to ignore".

 References 

 External links 
Kee Mu at IMDb

Jay Jay
Jay Jay is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Saran. The film stars R. Madhavan, Amogha and Pooja, while Kalabhavan Mani, Charle, Dhamu and Malavika Avinash also play key supporting roles. Produced by V. Ravichandran of Oscar Films, the film had music scored by Bharadwaj.

 Plot 
Jagan (R. Madhavan) is a carefree youth who stays with his friends in a room. He plays violin well and seeks every opportunity to help others, at the same time benefitting himself. His father is an assistant of an unsuccessful politician (Delhi Ganesh) who works for two politician brothers. Their sister, Seema (Pooja), has a crush on Jagan after he saves her from some goons. On the other hand, is Jamuna (Amogha). Jamuna is a very beautiful young woman who is from Kolkata. Her father is very protective of her. Jagan spots her at a book store and falls for her instantly only to be beaten up by her father shortly afterwards. Jamuna apologises to Jagan. Jagan, unable to forget her, goes to the bookstore again in hopes of seeing her. Jamuna buys a book, kisses it and starts writing her name, only to be interrupted by Jagan. Jagan only knows her name starts with J. They have a cup of coffee and Jagan shares his interest in marrying her. Jamuna, who deeply believes in destiny, writes her name and address in a 100rs bill and tells Jagan that if either of them get hold of the bill by 1 year, she would marry him. She than pays the waiter. When Jagan goes to the waiter to take back the bill, it is given away. Jamuna goes back to Kolkata and Jagan is lost. Jagan starts looking for the bill and his friends help him. Jamuna, who is in Kolkata get a proposal from her family friend, Guna(Shasikumar). She remembers Jagan's proposal and realises she has fallen in love with him. She also looks for the bill with the help of her cousin, Meera (Malavika Avinash).
Under spam circumstances, Jagan gets engaged to Seema who later realises the truth about Jagan look in for Jamuna. Jamuna gets hold of the bill while eating Pani Puri but the money is snatched by a petty thief. She breaks down and upon seeing this, Meera scolds her of abandoning Jagan in Chennai.
Seema gets hold of the book bought by Jamuna, who purposely leaves it at the cafe where they both met, in hopes it might reach Jagan. Seema gives it to Jagan who finds that Jamuna is from Bengal after seeing Bengali words in it. Jagan goes to Kolkata and Jamuna goes to Chennai with Meera, to confess to Jagan. Their trains cross each other at Vizag yet, they fail to meet. When in Kolkata, Jagan fails to find Jamuna. In Chennai, Jamuna finds Jagan's house. It is revealed that Meera is Jagan's friend as Jagan's sister and Meera share the same hostel. When Jamuna is left alone in Jagan's home, his father introduces another boy as Jagan. Jamuna leaves for Kolkata disappointed. After she leaves, the boy tells Meera the truth. She quickly informs Jamuna. But when she meets Jagan's father, his father tells her that he lied, fearing Jagan's life under the hands of the politician brothers.
Meera goes to Kolkata and tells Jamuna, who breaks down. In Chennai, Jagan finds the note. He happily tells Seema and her brothers oppose it. Meera and Jamuna comes to Chennai, and Guna sacrifices his love. Jagan learns that Jamuna is coming to Chennai. Seema's elder brother confronts him but her second elder brother happily wishes Jagan.
Jamuna and Jagan meet at the coffee shop again and unite.

 Cast 

 Production 
In late 2000, producer Ravichandran signed on Saran to make a film titled J!J! with Vijay in dual lead roles as the characters Jaishankar and Jesudas. The team were also ready to approach Aishwarya Rai to play the lead role, before the venture was shelved and the producer and director moved on to make a different film with the same title. R. Madhavan was signed on and the film was later titled Jay Jay, after the two lead characters Jagan and Jamuna. The film was said to feature Mandira Bedi in the lead role, though she was later left out due to unknown reasons. Then Saran wanted to cast Simran for the role as they worked together before. But her unavailability led him to find another actress for the cast. Priyanka Kothari made her debut in the film under the stage name of Amogha, while the film also marked the debut of another heroine, Pooja, who had already signed up to feature in Jeeva's Ullam Ketkumae at the time. Thappu Thaalangal Sundar Raj, a popular Kannada actor, returned to the Tamil screen after a gap of 15 years, while Ceylon Manohar also too returned to acting after 23 years and played the main villain. Malavika Avinash of Anni fame and Giri from the Sahana serial also made their entry into the big screen, with Giri playing the role of Madhavan's friend. Bengali actress Sharmila Ghosh was also in the cast. Reemma Sen, shot at the Visakhapatnam Railway Station with 40 models from Mumbai for a song in the film. The song was the first venture of Suchitra as a playback singer. Two further songs were picturised in Greece, with the team conducting shoots in the island of Milos and at Santornini. A week's shoot was also held at the Institute for the Dumb and Deaf at Ramavaram, while multiple locations in Kolkata were chosen to depict a sequence in the city.

 Release and reception 
The film opened to mixed reviews, with Malathi Rangarajan from The Hindu noting "Saran seems to have been carried away by the protracted route of the 100-rupee note and the hide and seek game between the lovers that he lets his screenplay go haywire". Karthiga Rukmanykanthan of Daily News noted, "The movie also reminds of Kadhal Kottai at many instances but Jay Jay has not made itself as poignant as this movie. The costumes and the music are the only consolation for the producer of this boring and fruitless movie". A critic from Deccan Herald wrote that "Music, songs and Madhavan’s performance are the highlights of the movie". Visual Dasan of Kalki wrote hats off to director for creating fantasy characters, but with real emotions that stick to the mind without any pretense.Despite the mixed reviews, the film ran for seventy five days across Chennai. The film was later dubbed and released under the same name in Telugu by producers Seetharam Reddy and Hema Babu.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Bharadwaj, with lyrics by Vairamuthu.

 References 

 External links 
Jay Jay at IMDb

Julie Ganapathi
Julie Ganapathi is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language psychological thriller film written, photographed, edited and directed by Balu Mahendra, starring Saritha, Jayaram and Ramya Krishnan. It is based on the 1987 Stephen King novel Misery. The film was released on 14 February 2003.

 Plot 
Julie Ganapathi is a staunch fan of a popular television show Manga. Over the years, Julie grows to identify herself obsessively with the main character of the show. The author of the series, Tenkasi Balakumaran, leaves his home for a few days to be alone to write the final few episodes of Manga. On his way back home after completing his work, his vehicle gets into an accident which leaves him seriously injured and disabled. Julie rescues Bala and takes him home, but she is revealed to be emotionally unstable, and deliriously obsessed with the character in Bala's story. Julie asks Bala to allow her to read the scripts for the concluding episodes that he has just completed.
Over the next few days, she reads the story and finds the ending not to her liking. She forces Bala to rewrite the ending by various means, forcing him to escape his captor's clutches before it is too late. Soon after, Bala becomes aware of how Julie has not informed anyone of his situation and is not at all planning to release him anytime soon. As a result, he tries to escape her home. In this, he is caught and suspended to remain in his room. She also disables him from getting up.
Afterwards, a policeman investigating Bala's disappearance decides to go to the house of Julie since she has made her love for Manga known around the village. When investigating her home, he discovers that Bala was in fact being kept there. Julie then draws a weapon and kills him. She then informs Bala that they will then die together. Just to get him some time he uses the excuse of having to finish his new version of the final Manga script. With that, he finishes, tricks Julie into getting him a weapon, and with a fight, manages to kill Julie and escape. The film forwards to Bala with his family, discussing with the press his experiences, stating that she was in fact an inspiration to him.

 Cast 

 Production 
Balu Mahendra had read the Tamil translation of Stephen King's novel, Misery, and adapted it into a screenplay. Post-release, he stated that he had not watched the American film version of the novel, Misery (1990), and was unaware that such a film had been made. He drew comparisons between the similar theme of the film, with his previous ventures Moodu Pani (1980) and Moondram Pirai (1982). Mahendra chose Jayaram to play the lead role, after having watched and been impressed with several of the actor's performances in films, as a part of jury committees for awards. The actor's Malayali background meant that he adapted the script to make the protagonist a Malayali-born settler in Tamil Nadu. Jayaram recommended Saritha's name for the film, and the actress made a comeback to cinema after an extended sabbatical. For her role, Mahendra had requested Saritha to put on ten kilograms, and after an initial period of hesitance, the actress later agreed. A major portion of the film was shot in a single room with just two actors, Jayaram and Saritha, with  Mahendra opting to use only natural light. Since the light that entered the room was diffused, Mahendra was able to film many sequences set during the day at night. The producers of the film insisted that a song was added for the commercial viability of the film and against his own wishes, Balu Mahendra shot and included a sensuous song featuring Ramya Krishnan.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.

 Reception 
A reviewer from Sify wrote, "the film is dark, deadly, daring and is the best thriller to come along in years", adding that it is "recommended and a must-see for those who love thrillers". Shobha Warrier of Rediff.com also gave the film a positive review, noting "Balu Mahendra proves even after five years he has not lost his touch" and that "is a film worth watching". Malini Mannath wrote in Chennai Online, "The theme is widely different from the routine romance-action variety. There are just two characters in the frame for most of the time, and it’s up to the duo and the director to carry the film through, and keep the audience hooked to the screen. Which they’ve managed to do to a large extent". Likewise, Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu also gave the film a positive review, praising the performances of Saritha and Jayaram, and adding that Balu Mahendra's work is a "fulfilling fare" and "that the veteran lives up to it in inimitable style". Visual Dasan of Kalki lauded the film, but was critical of the inclusion of the dance number featuring Ramya Krishnan. Although the film had a slow start at the box-office, it picked up, owing to positive word-of-mouth reviews.

 References 

 External links 
Julie Ganapathi at IMDb

Kasthuri Maan
Kasthuri Maan is a 2005 Indian Tamil film directed by Malayalam director A. K. Lohithadas. The film, a remake of the director's own Malayalam film of same name, and his only Tamil project to date, stars Prasanna and Meera Jasmine, who reprised her role from the original. It also features Shammi Thilakan, Sarath Babu, V. M. C. Haneefa, Bharathi Kannan, Pawan, Vinodini and Suja. Kasthuri Maan's story revolves around a young college girl who helps her lover realize his dream of becoming an IAS officer amidst her own problems. The film released during Diwali 2005 and had a generally positive reception.

 Plot 
The movie starts with a mature Arunachalam (Prasanna), now a district collector. The story is narrated in a flashback where his father Palaniappan (Sarath Babu) wants him to get married. Palaniappan used to be a rich film producer and had borrowed money from a rich person, but is unable to repay his debt. The rich man wants his daughter to marry Arun, but Arun does not want to marry.
Umashankari (Meera Jasmine) and Arun study in the same college. Uma is a lively, mischievous girl on campus, but at home, faces acute poverty and takes up various odd jobs to take care of her house and to stay away from her sister's husband, who makes advances towards her. In the meantime, Palaniappan attempts suicide because he is deeply in debt. Uma steps in and helps Arun, who is preparing for I.A.S. exams. She does everything to ensure that he becomes an I.A.S. officer. He in turn, promises to marry her and rescue her from her situation. However, Uma, after an unfortunate encounter with her brother-in–law, lands in prison, and the couple is reunited in the climax..

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja while the lyrics for all the songs were written by Vaali, Muthulingam, Mu. Metha, Palani Bharathi & Na. Muthukumar.

 Critical reception 
The Hindu wrote, "Sumangala Arts and maker A.K.Lohithadas...deserve to be lauded for not succumbing to the lure of the commercial format and dwelling on a moving storyline that has comedy, sentiment, romance and passion in right proportions. And all these blend with the story to form a cohesive whole". Indiaglitz.com wrote, "A dominant performance by Meera Jasmine coupled with a touchy screenplay by director Lohitha Dass makes Kasthoori Maan an engrossing movie. With unpredictable sequence of events and crisp dialogues by Jaya Mohan, the movie is certainly an offbeat entertainer worth a watch".

 References 

 External links 
Kasthuri Maan at IMDb

Kalloori
Kalloori (transl. College) is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language coming-of-age drama film by director Balaji Sakthivel. The movie was produced by S. Shankar's banner S Pictures. The story, based on a college campus, featuring debutants Akhil, Tamannaah Bhatia, and Bharani alongside an ensemble cast including Hemalatha, Maya Reddy, Rajeshwari, Sailatha, Prakaash, Kamakshinathan, and Thisaigal Arunkumar. The music was scored by Joshua Sridhar, and lyrics were written by Na. Muthukumar.
The film was released on 7 December 2007, received positive reviews from the critics as well as audience and become a blockbuster.The film was inspired on a real-life incident of three college girls of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University being burnt alive in the 2000 Dharmapuri bus burning incident.

 Plot 
The film begins with a group of students clearing weeds near a roadside tree.
The scene flashes back a few years earlier in a bus with a lot of college students heading towards Government Arts College in a small town. A set of people – Muthuchelvan, Ramesh, Kayalvizhi, Adhilakshmi, Nagarani, Albert, Kamakshinathan, Salima, Ayyanar – are introduced as friends since high school. Muthu is a well-talented athlete. Ramesh is a big flirt and movie buff. Kayal is a strong-willed and courageous woman who hates the idea of falling in love within friends. Adhilakshmi is a food lover. Nagarani is a Telugu-speaking girl who gets fits when she is frightened. Albert is a Christian who always gets abused by his drunkard father. Kamakshinathan is a rich yet timid person who gets very shy to introduce himself to his classmates at the first day of college. Salima is a Muslim girl who is both intelligent in studies and talented in dance. Ayyanar is a quirky guy. All are studying in the same class. They enter into the college for the first time. In the classroom, they see a beautiful girl named Shobhana, who is strikingly different. She looks depressed and aloof. The friends are puzzled by her in the beginning, and they later learn that she recently lost her mother in an accident. The group sympathizes for her and brings her into their fold. Shobhana soon becomes a member of their group and ditches her plans to pursue her course in Delhi simply to be with these friends during college.
The movie goes on to narrate the college life with fun and colour. It shows the strength of the friendship and the backgrounds of the friends; most of them are from poor families. Muthu has an aim in his life. Being an athlete, he wants to excel in sports and get a good job through the sports quota to give his poor family a new lease of life. Shobhana, who is from a wealthy family background, feels sympathy for Muthu after she sees the conditions that he and his family live in. She is moved by his perseverance and helps him achieve his goal by encouraging him in every chance. She even advises him that there is more he has to do and be capable of achieving in life, so he should take her encouragements as a way to improve his career and nothing else. But eventually, her encouraging stance turns into some sort of special attachment with him. Slowly, love develops in the minds of both, but they chose to put it on the back seat for the sake of the larger friendship that they share with the group.
Eventually, the friends take a college trip to Andhra. On the way, they stop at a hotel, but there is only non-vegetarian food being served, so Muthu volunteers to run to the nearest vegetarian restaurant a few kilometers away to bring food for Shobhana, who is a vegetarian. Shobhana confessed her love for Muthu to Kayal, which she accepts it wholeheartedly and says that even though she hates the concept of love between best friends, she does not want to spoil Shobhana's happiness and true love. This conversation was overheard by Adhilakshmi. The latter says this to the rest of the gang, to their surprise and delight. Unfortunately, fate has other plans. The hotel they were initially eating at is urgently closed because some politician or another has been arrested.  The group boards the bus urgently and tries to go to a collector's office or police station to keep safe while two classmates wait for Muthu to come back. On the way, however, the bus is stopped by the protestors, and despite pleas to allow them to pass, the protestors light the bus on fire. In a frenzy, everyone tries to evacuate the bus, and Nagarani gets fits. In a scramble to safely get off the bus, the rest of the group fail to realize that some students are still trapped. After the firefighters finish putting out the fire, they bring out the burnt bodies of Kayal, Adhilakshmi and Shobhana, who have embraced each other in their final moments together – Kayal having stayed back to help Shobhana, whose chudi had gotten caught in the bus.
The last scene flashes back to the beginning of the movie, where the group of people were clearing the weeds. It has been eight years since the incident, and every year, the group of friends come to pay respects to their lost friends, and Muthu still keeps  Shobhana's handkerchief in remembrance of their love.

 Cast 

 Music 
Behindwoods stated that Joshua Sridhar's style evoked the period of the film and said that Na. Muthukumar's lyrics evoked a nostalgic feeling.

 Release and reception 
Behindwoods stated that the film works but its lack of action and dance numbers might affect its prospects at the box office. IndiaGlitz said out that the climax scene was credibly portrayed but did not fit well into the script. Deccan Herald wrote, "The director, casting many newcomers, has elicited the best from them. Their performances can astound even the best of actors in Tamil cinema. Tamanna could have done a better job though."After the film's release, Sakthivel changed the climax because of negative reactions to a scene which was reminiscent of a real-life incident where girls were burned on a bus.

 References 

 External links 
Kalloori at IMDb

Iyer IPS
Iyer IPS is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language action film written, produced and directed by P. Harirajan. It stars Sathyaraj in dual role as a police officer (hero) and a gangster (villain), along with Megha and Sanghavi. The music was composed by Dhina. The film was released on 21 January 2005 to average reviews.

 Plot 
DCP Gopal Iyer is an encounter specialist. He comes across a Muslim woman named Nasreen, whose father is killed by gangsters. Out of pity, he marries her much against his parents' opposition. Suddenly, Nasreen passes away in a childbirth. Meanwhile, Jenniffer, a scribe, learns of a fake encounter organized by Iyer to bump off a known rowdy. She follows him from then, blackmailing him, but Iyer, who thinks that evil forces do not deserve a chance in the court, does not change his style of operations. Elsewhere, a mute gangster named Venkatachalapathy, who's men killed Nasreen's father, vows to kill Iyer after he got imprisoned after apprehended by Iyer. Now aware that his son kills people in the name of encounters, Iyer's father Vishwanatha Iyer decides to take cudgels against him. He falls in to the vicious trap of Venkatachalapathy, and the rest is about how Iyer embarks on a mission to rescue his family and put an end to Venkatachalapathy's shenanigans.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Soundtrack was composed by Dhina.

 Reception 
Indiaglitz wrote "Lengthy dialogues and needless stunts make the watching even more tedious." Thiraipadam wrote "With almost no story to speak of, a disjointed screenplay, inane characterization and overacting by almost all the main performers, this one easily wrests the crown [sic] for the most inept movie with a policeman as hero, in recent times." Chennai Online wrote "The weak script, inane charecterisation and the director being totally like a fish out of water in the milieu he's chosen, have all taken their toll on Satyaraj's performance too."

 References 

Ganapathy Vanthachi
Ganapathy Vanthachi (transl. Ganapathy has arrived) is a 2006 Indian Tamil language comedy drama film directed by K. S. Saravanan. The film stars newcomers Udhai, Rajesh and Mathisha, with Shanmugasundaram, Charle, Pandu, P. Soundara Rajan, Balendran and Viji Ketti playing supporting roles. The film, produced by Media Jeyeshkumar, was released on 15 December 2006.

 Plot 
The film begins with the little girl Abhi and her grandfather Shanmugasundaram (Shanmugasundaram) walking along the beach. Abhi moves away from her grandfather and drowned at the beach. The kind-hearted young man Ganapathy (Udhai) who witnesses it saves Abhi from drowning. Thereafter, Abhi meets Ganapathy who is cleaning the temple and her grandmother Kamalam thanks him for saving her granddaughter's life that day and takes Ganapathy home. At her home, Ganapathy says that he is an orphan who does odd jobs for a living and Shanmugasundaram offers him a job in his big house filled with children. The new servant Ganapathy easily wins the hearts of the children in a short period of time.
Everything goes well until Ganapathy meets Raghupathi (Rajesh) who tries to enter in Shanmugasundaram's house. A few years ago, in Mumbai, the poor Ganapathy struggles to find a job and the terrorist Raghupathi gives him an assignment. Ganapathy did it triumphantly but when he came to know about Raghupathi's identity, he was shocked and immediately left Mumbai. Raghupathi turns out to be Shanmugasundaram's long-lost son and he wants to stay in his father's house to hide from the police. But Ganapathy beats Raghupathi up and drives him away during the absence of Shanmugasundaram. Later, Shanmugasundaram's family friend Jyothi (Mathisha), a college student, falls in love with Ganapathy and proposes her love to him but the faithful Ganapathy who has a lot of respect for Shanmugasundaram refuses to fall in love with her.
Raghupathi comes back again to the house and Shanmugasundaram welcomes him with open arms. Raghupathi tells Shanmugasundaram that Ganapathy throws him out when Shanmugasundaram wasn't home and Shanmugasundaram orders him to throw Ganapathy out of the house, and he does so. The children who like him so much cannot forget him. Afterwards, Raghupathi has a fight with the other terrorists and Ganapathy comes to his rescue. During the fight, Ganapathy is stabbed and Raghupathi fled from the place. Later that night, Jyothi who sees the unconscious Ganapathy on the middle of the street takes him to the hospital. Raghupathi then tells everything to his father and a guilty Shanmugasundaram goes to the hospital with his family. A few days later, a healed Ganapathy returns to their house and promises that he will never leave them.

 Cast 

 Production 
P. C. Guna made his directorial debut with Ganapathy Vanthachi under the banner of Prime Movie Makers. P. C. Guna was also in charge of story, screenplay, dialogues, and cinematography. Newcomer Udhai was selected to play the lead role while newcomer Mathisha was chosen to play his love interest. Rajesh was cast to play the second lead role. The director said, "the story revolved around an orphan Ganapathy. He finds employment as a servant in a house filled with children. The children love him. At one point, he gets thrown out of the house. The children are unable to forget him. Why he is thrown out, whether he comes back and who are responsible for his problems form the climax".

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Prasad and Ganesh. The audio was released in June 2006, director S. P. Muthuraman released the first cassette and CD and producer A. M. Rathnam received it.

 Reception 
S. R. Ashok Kumar of The Hindu said, "Udhay as Ganapathi has done a good job, showing the right emotions at the right time. It is a cakewalk for the seasoned artistes, Shanmugasundaram and Pandu. Charlie, with his potential for both sentiment and humour, has not been fully utilised. Madisha is yet to learn the ropes of acting" and concluded with, "the director has lost all the good work put in by the actors and also the technicians mainly due to inept handling of the story".

 References 

Kanda Naal Mudhal
Kanda Naal Mudhal (transl. From the day I saw you there) is a 2005 Indian Tamil language romantic comedy film written and directed by newcomer V. Priya, who had earlier assisted Mani Ratnam. Produced by Prakash Raj under the Duet Movies banner, the film stars Prasanna and Laila, with Karthik Kumar, Revathi, Lakshmi and Regina Cassandra in the supporting roles. The film's music was composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film was released on 18 November 2005 with positive reviews. It also marked the acting debut of Regina Cassandra and actress, Andrea Jeremiah made her first on-screen appearance in an uncredited song sequel role.

 Plot 
The movie begins with two kids who fight with each other in a marriage hall. They meet after two decades, now Krishna and Ramya during a college cultural meet and again lock horns with each other. Fate brings them together in Chennai after a few years, again fighting with each other. Meanwhile, a series of events forces Krishna's close friend  Aravind to come to India from the United States to get married. His parents arrange his wedding with Ramya. Ramya, who decides to marry to help her younger sister's love, displays herself as a passive character before Aravind who accepts whatever her life partner feel is right.
On the contrary, she is bold, active, independent and assertive in nature. Knowing this, Krishna tries hard to let her true character come out before Aravind. However, Aravind stalls the wedding plans and returns to the USA as he finds Ramya as a person who does not think on her own and is not independent. Mistaking Krishna for influencing Aravind, Ramya locks horns with him.
Meanwhile, same day, when Ramya returns home, she finds her sister elopes with her lover which causes her mother to trauma and end up in the hospital. Ramya mistakes Krishna behind the call of her marriage by Aravind, elopement of her sister and health of her mother.
Krishna comes to the help off the family and slowly Ramya knows his true nature in helping her family that of his one, she started to love him. Krishna  eventually develops an affinity for Ramya which turns into romance between them. Though respective sisters of Krishna and Ramya smells the blossom of love between Ramya and Krishna, but, both Krishna and Ramya delay to propose to each other.
When each other decide to propose, Krishna receives call from Aravind whom informs Krishna his decision to marry Ramya. The climax was expected after the closeness between Ramya and Krishna. In the end, at the airport when they both come to receive Aravind they end up in each other's arms and Aravind also feels happy for them.
Film ends with happy note as Ramya and Krishna marry, while Aravind starts a wordy fight with a young girl. There too two kids fights with each other.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, features 6 tracks with lyrics written by Thamarai. The album was released on 17 October 2005 at Taj Connemara Hotel. The Carnatic song "Kanda Naal Mudhalai" was remixed for the film. Singer Subhiksha Rangarajan was 15 when she recorded the song. Behindwoods wrote "Yuvan’ music has got to do something in this movie and it could be a big reason for the success of the movie. From, his side he has done an excellent job".

 Critical reception 
Rediff.com wrote "The fresh treatment and Priya's conviction are evident. But what goes against the film is its script." The Hindu wrote "From the title to the treatment everything about Duet Movies' `Kanda Naal Mudhal' glistens with a poetic touch, and first-time filmmaker Priya V. proves with each frame that she's here to stay. Boy-girl tussles leading to love are not new to cinema. But plaudits to the way Priya weaves her story and characters into an enjoyable film!" Sify wrote "Kanda Naal Mudhal directed by debutant Priya V is in good taste without a shred of vulgarity, violence or risque comedy that has become the bane of Tamil cinema. Priya deserves a pat on her back for weaving a gossamer romance like her mentor Mani sir did in [Mouna Ragam] or [Alai Payuthey]. But the film has its own minor drawbacks mostly in narration and lags especially in the second half".

 References 

 External links 
Kanda Naal Mudhal at IMDb

Kannaal Pesavaa
Kannaal Pesavaa (transl. Should I talk through my eyes) is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Raj Khanna. The film featured Arun Kumar alongside Suvalakshmi, while Goundamani and Senthil play supporting roles. The film, which had music composed by Deva, opened in August 2000.

 Cast 
Arun Kumar as Arun
Suvalakshmi as Poongodi
Goundamani as Crendan
Senthil as Nelson Mandela
Vinu Chakravarthy
Manorama
Mansoor Ali Khan
Nizhalgal Ravi
King Kong
Alphonsa
K. S. Ravikumar
Lavanya as Sandhya (a fan of Arun)

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack of the film includes 7 songs which were composed by Deva and lyrics written by M. Raaj Khanna.

 Release 
Initially scheduled for an April release in 2000, the film was delayed due to the presence of bigger budget films. The film opened in August 2000 to mixed reviews, with a critic from India Info noting "Kannal Pesava is director Raj Kaana’s attempt to woo the youth with a mushy love story in the wake of Kushy. But he only ends up giving a further setback to the film’s leading man Arun Kumar, who desperately needs a foothold in the industry". Chennai Online wrote "What do you call a film that has nothing going for it? Either by way of freshness in narration or script or by way of an interesting star cast? That it is bland? 'Kannal Pesava' has an unexciting cast, insipid narration, and a lacklustre screenplay. The comedy team of Goundamani and Senthil makes matters worse. The director probably thought that just by giving the duo the names of Clinton and Mandela he could tickle the audience".

 References 

Kanden Kadhalai
Kanden Kadhalai (transl. I Saw My Love) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by R. Kannan. The film, a remake of the 2007 Hindi film Jab We Met, stars Bharath and Tamannaah Bhatia. The film was released on 30 October 2009. This film was a commercial success. It was dubbed in Telugu as Priya Priyathama.

 Plot 
Shakthi becomes the managing director of Rajasekhar group of companies following his father's death. He feels highly dejected because of troubles surrounding him such as continuous loss in business and also his girlfriend Anita ditches him and marries another guy. Sakthi's estranged mother, who eloped when he was 13, is suing him for business shares.
Bombarded with troubles, Shakthi one day leaves his office and boards a train without even knowing the destination. In the train, Shakthi meets Anjali, who is more bubbly and talkative and she is on her way back to her hometown Theni after completing her studies. Anjali keeps talking to Shakthi continuously which irritates him. Shakthi plans to jump from the fast moving train to end his life, but due to Anjali's presence, he could not do it. Anjali informs Shakthi that she is in love with Gautham and also about her plans to elope with him as her family is highly orthodox.
At night, Anjali finds Shakthi missing in train but spots him sitting in the platform of a station. Anjali gets down from the train to bring Shakthi back but both end up missing the train. Anjali pressurizes Shakthi to help her board the train in the next station as it was because of him she had missed the train. Shakthi and Anjali hires a cab till the next railway station but Anjali misses the train there too. Finally Shakthi and Anjali stay in a lodge and plan to leave early next day to Theni. Slowly friendship develops between Shakthi and Anjali. Shakthi is in awe of Anjali's fun loving attitude.
Shakthi informs about his personal problems to Anjali while Anjali asks him to forget about all those things and lead a happy life. She also says that there is no harm in Shakthi's mother choosing to remarry at this age. Shakthi realizes his mistake. Shakthi and Anjali reach Theni and Anjali's family request Shakthi to stay at their place for a week. Shakthi agrees and is treated with affection by Anjali's relatives.
Meanwhile, Anjali's wedding is planned with her relative Mokkarasu which she does not like and she decides to run away from her house to meet Gautham in Ooty. Shakthi agrees to accompany Anjali till Ooty and both leave the home. Anjali's family members mistake that Anjali has eloped with Shakthi. Shakthi now having fallen in love with Anjali but not revealing it to her reluctantly drops her in Ooty, and despite her resistance, tells her their journey together is over and bids her farewell, returning to Chennai with plans of reviving his ailing businesses.
Now Shakthi is more energetic and positive minded, which he learnt from Anjali and he suggests many improvements in his business. He also accepts his mother's decision in her life, makes her the Chairwomen of his companies and gets close to her. Ten months pass by and Shakthi's company's shares have performed extremely well. Shakthi speaks about his company's new product telecomm plan in an ad which is seen by Anjali's parents. Anjali's father Ramana comes to Chennai to meet Shakthi and enquires about his daughter. Shakthi gets shocked that Anjali has lost contact with her parents for the last 10 months.
Shakthi promises to bring back Anjali and he leaves to Ooty immediately in search of her. On meeting Gautham, Shakthi finds that Gautham asked Anjali to get back to her home immediately as he cannot convince his father at that time. Gautham says that he did not try reaching Anjali as he was busy with his new business. Shakthi is shocked and begins to roam around Ooty in search of Anjali and finally finds that she works in a school.
Shakthi meets Anjali and asks her to return with him to Theni. But Anjali refuses and says that she trusted Gautham so much but Gautham's first priority was business and not her. Also Anjali refuses to get back to home as she made them feel bad by eloping from home. Shakthi convinces Anjali to return. On the day of their return, Gautham comes and apologizes to Anjali. Shakthi, Anjali and Gautham leave to Theni.
To their surprise, a grand welcome ceremony is planned at Anjali's home believing that Anjali and Shakthi are married already. They also mistake Gautham as Shakthi's friend who has decided to accompany him. Anjali's family members also plan a reception for Shakthi and Anjali. Gautham pressurizes Anjali to disclose the truth but Anjali cannot which makes her realize that she loves Shakthi more. Gautham asks Shakthi to leave the place fearing that Anjali might change her mind and Shakthi leaves to the railway station. But Anjali runs to the railway station and proposes her love to Shakthi which he too accepts. Shakthi and Anjali unite at the end.

 Cast 

 Production 
Initially the remake had Dhanush and Shriya Saran in the lead as Dhanush thought that she would be the best choice for the role. Later both the lead actors opted out due to Dhanush and Shriya Saran's busy schedule and were replaced by Bharath and Tamannaah Bhatia. Date problems were cited as the reason behind these changes.

 Music 
The soundtrack was released on 14 August 2009. Vidyasagar was the music director, while lyrics written by Na. Muthukumar, Yugabharathi and Madhan Karky. It was released by Imtiaz Ali. The two mega-hit numbers were "Suthudhu Suthudhu" and "Ododi Poren."
The album has 6 tracks.

 Critical reception 
Indiaglitz, while stating this, commented that Tamannaah Bhatia was the backbone of the whole movie and she emotes to her best. Behindwoods mentioned that the chemistry of the lead pair (which is the moving force of the film) worked well and that Tamanna and Bharath looked fresh and different in their roles. Sify and Nowrunning.com both reviewed that the movie was a cute love story and is definitely worth a watch.

 References 

 External links 
Kanden Kadhalai at IMDb

Jerry (film)
Jerry is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by S. B. Khanthan, produced by V. Vishwanathan, and written by Crazy Mohan. The film stars Jithan Ramesh as the titular character, while Shruthi Raj, Mumtaj, and Meera Vasudevan play the female lead. The music was composed by Ramesh Vinayakam with editing done by Krishnakumar. The film was released on 19 May 2006.

 Plot 
Jayaram alias Jerry (Jithan Ramesh) is a man who takes risks and hates love. He is challenged by his friends to make three women love him. He makes his classmate Janaki (Shruthi Raj), an actress Janani (Mumtaj), and a police officer Jeeva (Meera Vasudevan) fall in love with him. Whether the three girls find out and whom he unites with forms the crux of the story.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film's script was written by Crazy Mohan and he described the film as his "pet project" as he wanted to do create similar to Kadhalikka Neramillai (1964). The film was earlier titled Idhuthan Kadhal Enbathaa.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack was composed by Ramesh Vinayakam.
"Hollywood" – Sharreth, Subiksha
"Kanava" – Sujatha
"En Swasathil" – Madhu Balakrishnan, Kalyani Nair
"Kapildevda" – David Bhaskar
"Naan Pudicha" – Ramesh Vinayagam, Vidya

 Critical reception 
Indiaglitz wrote "Director S B Kanthan deserves a pat for getting the best from his artistes. Though the movie seems to be an extension of Crazy Mohan's stage plays, the hilarious sequence makes it engrossing". Malini Mannath of Chennai Online wrote "'Jerry' is more like a Crazy Mohan play gone bad. A laugh riot gone awry. A film that is an insult to audience inelligence". Sify wrote "Crazy Mohan and Kamalhassan have given us some great comedies in the past. But this time, the writer disappoints as the comedy in Jery fails to evoke any laughter. The film falls flat as Crazy is clueless, debutant director Kanthan is helpless and hero Ramesh is pure teakwood!".

 References 

 External links 
Jerry at IMDb

Iyarkai
Iyarkai (, transl. Nature) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by S. P. Jananathan in his directorial debut. The film stars Shaam and Radhika. Arun Vijay—who at the time was known as Arun Kumar—makes a cameo appearance and Bollywood actor Seema Biswas plays a supporting role. Iyarkai marks the debuts of Radhika and Biswas in Tamil cinema.
Based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's short story White Nights, the film revolves around a young woman who is unable to accept the love of a sailor because she is in love with a ship captain who was lost at sea. It was made on a budget of one crore (₹10,000,000). Vidyasagar composed the music for the film.
Iyarkai was released on 21 November 2003. Although the film was not successful at the box office, it won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil at the 51st National Film Awards in 2004, and N. K. Ekambaram won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Cinematographer.

 Plot 
Marudhu, a sailor, arrives at Rameshwaram port from Rome, after being away for fourteen years. At Senthil Aandavar Bar, a popular bar in the port, he meets Nandu while playing cards against Dorai and his posse at the bar. Marudhu asks Nandhu where the church is. Nandu directs Marudhu to the church, where he tells the church father, Stephen, the story of a captain who attempted to escape from his capsized ship. Marudhu later meets Nancy, who overheard his conversation with Stephen, at a roadside restaurant run by her sister-in-law, Mercy.
One day, Nandu comes to the bar with a bandaged nose. After seeing that Nandu is hurt, Marudhu looks for Dorai. A man from Durai's posse tells Dorai that Marudhu is looking for him and Durai goes in search of Marudhu. Marudhu finds Dorai fights him and his men. While fighting Dorai, Marudhu asks him who is he looking for, and if it is his lover. Nancy, overhears their conversation and, distracted by her thoughts, gets her dress stuck on train tracks as she is walking. Marudhu saves Nancy from an incoming train. She tells Marudhu to come to the only lighthouse in town at 6 p.m.
Later that day, Marudhu is directed to remove a stuck object from his ship's propeller. While effecting the repair, the propeller turns on and Marudhu is injured, making him unable to go to the lighthouse. To Marudhu's dismay, Nancy tells Marudhu that she was not waiting for him, but for a ship captain that she had met three years ago while selling mangoes and had fallen in love with. The ship captain had told her not to wait for him because she was too young to make a proper judgement about love, but he gave her a ring. Nancy also persuaded him to promise to return in one year.
Marudhu decides to help Nancy in her search for the ship captain. The search proves difficult, however, because Nancy does not know the captain's name, as she only addressed him as "Sir" and "Officer". After Marudhu reveals his love for Nancy, she distances herself from him. One day, Nancy comes across Joe, a crewman who sailed under the ship captain, after recognizing him in the bar. Joe tells Nancy that the ship captain's name is Mukundan and that he died in a shipwreck. The next day, Mercy wakes up and realizes that Nancy is missing. She tells Marudhu to go find Nancy. He gets on a ship docked at the port going to Sri Lanka after being directed there by one of the people working in the port. He finds an emotionally unstable Nancy sitting in the ship. Marudhu tries to get Nancy off the ship, but a man named Adam tells him that he cannot take her unless he fights him. After they fight, Nancy jumps off the ship and Marudhu follows to save her.
At night, Nancy and Marudhu sail on a canoe in search of Mukundan, when Marudhu accidentally loses Nancy's ring. The next day, he returns the ring to Nancy and tells the church father that he and his ship crew are planning to leave Christmas night. He writes his name on one piece of paper and "Captain" on the other and asks the church father to choose one of the papers, which he takes with him. On Christmas Eve, a man, unbeknownst to Nancy, arrives in the port. Marudhu helps the man get off his boat although Marudhu does not know that the man that he helped is Mukundan.
Marudhu asks Nancy if she is willing to accept his love. He starts to open the piece of paper to sees whose name is written, before Nancy stops him and agrees to marry him the next day, on Christmas. During their wedding, Nancy sees Marudhu and a group of other men dancing with Santa Claus masks. One of the men kneels and presents a ring on Nancy. To Nancy's surprise, the man removes his mask and reveals that he is Mukundan, not Marudhu. A depressed Marudhu leaves aboard his ship and drops the piece of paper into the ocean.

 Cast 

 Production 

 Development 
S. P. Jananathan began work on Iyarkai in 2001. The story is based on Jananathan's friend's uncle, who, immediately after getting married, went alone on a boat voyage in the Mediterranean Sea. He was lost and his body was nowhere to be found. Unaware of the situation, his wife awaited his return. Jananathan told the story to producer Ramkumar Ganesan, whose cousin V. R. Kumar became the producer after liking the story. The film was titled Iyarkai (transl. Nature) because the conflict between man and nature causes a woman to wait for her past lover to return.

 Casting and filming 
Suriya turned down the offer to play the lead role, saying he was not interested in doing romantic films. Shaam, whom Jananathan worked with as an assistant editor on 12B (2001), was cast instead. The film was shot in a coastal hamlet, where Shaam interacted with the locals to imitate their mannerisms.Kannadathi actress Radhika made her Tamil cinema debut as Nancy. The media referred to her as "Kutti" (குட்டி; transl. small) Radhika to differentiate her from the Tamil actress of the same name. Jananathan based Nancy on his friend's uncle's wife, and described her as an independent women with the autonomy to choose the man with whom she wants a relationship.Arun Kumar was chosen to play the ship captain, a character based on the life of Jananathan's friend's uncle. He turned down the role because he was not interested in a cameo, but he later changed his mind after Jananathan explained the role's importance in the film. Bollywood actor Seema Biswas was cast as Nancy's sister-in-law, marking her Tamil film debut. Although he was advised not to, Pasupathy accepted the role of the priest.  Pop singer Karunas was cast in a singing role in the film.The film's first and second schedules were shot in the first half of 2003. The film's first schedule was a twenty-one day shoot at Rameshwaram, Tiruchendur, and Tuticorin. The second schedule was shot on the Andaman Islands.Art directors Sabu Cyril and V. Selvakumar erected a lighthouse set for the film.

 Soundtrack 
The music was composed by Vidyasagar with lyrics by Vairamuthu. The first song Vidyasagar composed for the film, "Kaadhal Vandhaal", was recorded before the film's first schedule in Tuticorin. The song was well received upon release. The song "Iyarkai Thaaye" from the film's soundtrack was not included in the film.

 Release and reception 

Iyarkai was scheduled to be released on 24 October 2003, coinciding with the Deepavali festival, but the release was delayed. The film released to positive reviews, but it was a box office failure due to a lack of publicity and its delayed release. The film did not lose money because it was produced on a low budget.Malathi Ranagarajan of The Hindu praised the cinematography and art direction, stating: "Together with Sabu Cyril-Selvan's art, K. Ekambaram's lens paints a bewitching picture on screen". She also praised the performances of Shaam, Kutty Radhika, Arun Kumar, and several foreign actors. Visual Dasan of Kalki appreciated the use of montage shots and Radhika's performance, but opined that Seema Biswas was underused.R. Rangaraj of Chennai Online gave the film a positive review and wrote: "The debutant director, S P Jhananathan, has handled the build-up to the climax and the climax scenes too effectively. The end is rather stunning and unexpected for a Tamil movie". He also noted that the film may not have succeeded at the box office because it lacked commercial elements.A critic from Sify wrote that "The three characters Shaam, Radhika and Arun Kumar are excellent. Shaam laces his portrayal with seriousness and dry wit, which he has not been able to do earlier. Newcomer Radhika looks fresh but has to improve in her acting. Arun Kumar is a revelation but Seema Biswas is wasted in an insignificant role. The interwoven screenplay is fresh and the climax is strange, intriguing and riveting".

 Accolades 
Upon release, Ekambaram sent Iyarkai to the National Awards committee. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil for 2003, competing with Virumaandi and Pithamagan. Jananathan wanted to return the award in protest of the death penalty for the hanging of Dhananjoy Chatterjee, but he did not do so.

 Dropped sequel 
Jananathan wanted to shoot the film's sequel in Fiji, but the film never entered production.

 References 

 External links 

Iyarkai at IMDb

Kanthaswamy
Kanthaswamy is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language superhero film directed by Susi Ganesan. The film stars Vikram as the titular character, with Prabhu, Shriya Saran, Ashish Vidyarthi, Mukesh Tiwari, Krishna and Vadivelu appearing in supporting roles. The film was dubbed in Telugu as Mallanna with Vadivelu's scenes reshot with Brahmanandam. The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by Devi Sri Prasad. 
The film was released on 21 August 2009 and received mixed reviews and became a flop at the box office. It was remade in Bangladesh as Most Welcome, starring Ananta Jalil and Barsha.

 Plot 
Kanthaswamy is a CBI officer in the Economic offences Wing, who along with his friends grants the wishes of the needy (whom they write letters in Lord Muruga temple) by disguising as an anthropomorphic rooster behavioured vigilante. During a CBI raid, Kanthaswamy discovers a stash of black money owned by Pallur Paramajothi Ponnusamy alias PPP, an arrogant entrepreneur and his partner Rajmohan. Ponnusamy pretends to suffer from a  stroke in order to escape questioning by the police. Ponnusamy's daughter Subbulakshmi gets enraged by the news and goes after Kanthaswamy to seek revenge by pretending to be in love with him.
Knowing her real intentions, Kanthaswamy plays along, which forms a cat-and-mouse chase between the two where they eventually fall in love with each other. In a parallel comedic role, Thengakadai Thenappan/Kobarikayala Subbayya is also sought by a local police inspector who tries to solve the mystery of "Lord Muruga saving the people". In a series of twists, the police inspector is able to bring out the truth that the CBI is involved in the role behind the secret work of helping the needy people, though he is not able to confirm it. Kanthaswamy finds the password of Subbulakshmi's family bank account, in which the black money is illegally saved, where he tricks Subbalakshmi into revealing the password and answers the security questions indirectly.
Kanthaswamy transfers the money to his own account, which he would use for helping poor and needy people. In the end, Ponnusamy originally gets stroke upon knowing that his black money had been robbed and that the account has zero balance, where they had stored it. After bankrupting Ponnusamy, Kanthaswamy encounters Rajmohan, whom people think to be a humble person. Kanthaswamy reveals Rajmohan's true intentions, which leads the people to understand Rajmohan's true colour and Kanthaswamy arrests him. Subbulakshmi, who realizes that her father is a corrupt person, proposes to Kanthaswamy where they get married and live in Rajasthan. Kanthaswamy reads some letters tied to a tree (just like the ones at the Lord Muruga temple), where he puts a letter in a pocket with a secret smile, implying that he will pursue as a vigilante again.

 Cast 

 Production 

 Development 
After the vigilante film Samurai, actor Vikram decides to do another vigilante film. In January 2007, early reports suggested that Kalaipuli International were set to make a film starring Vikram directed by Susi Ganesan, titled Kanthaswamy for a release during Diwali 2007. Soon after the announcement, Shriya Saran, who was acting in Sivaji: The Boss at the time, was chosen to play the heroine. However, due to Vikram and Shriya's projects, the film was delayed and the first schedule was postponed to July 2007. The film's first photo shoot was carried out in June 2007 at Muthukadu near Chennai featuring the lead actors. The film began filming a pre-launch trailer, the first of its kind in Tamil cinema, to be screened at the launch, with Hari, Susi Ganesan and fashion designer Chetan travelling to Malaysia to look for Hollywood-inspired costumes.The inauguration of Kanthaswamy took place on 22 September 2007 at the Devi Paradise theatre in Chennai. For the event, a unique electronic invitation, made in China, was presented to guests who had been invited. The invitation was the size of a laptop and featured an 8-minute trailer of Kanthaswamy. Each invitation had cost about Rs. 15,000, making it the most expensive invitation in Indian film history. Following the launch ceremony, the team announced they had adopted two villages near Madurai; Sangampatti and Gandhi Nagar, to shoot in initially and then to provide basic amenities like school and proper roads among other things to the villagers for a year. The team, who were praised for their actions, were the first production team to take part in such activity in Tamil cinema.In November 2007, the shooting was halted temporarily due to an accident that occurred at the shooting spot at the Chennai Boat Club. Cameraman Ekambaram was canning the shots as per director Susi Ganesan's instructions when a pole erected on the sets unexpectedly fell on the director's head, resulting in an injury. The film finished schedules at Italy, where the trailer was filmed as well as schedules in Tanzania, Kenya and Switzerland. During the production of the film, actor Raghuvaran died suddenly and hence subsequently, his role was replaced by Ashish Vidyarthi, which also led to a delay in the release of the film. A schedule in locations in Mexico was also held, after the team went location hunting there, with a song and several scenes canned. The film, initially described as a "hilarious comedy", was rumoured to be a remake of the American cult hit The Breakfast Club, however Susi Ganesan has claimed that the film has a more Robin Hood feel to it.

 Casting 
Following the announcement of the project, Shriya Saran was signed in February 2007, when she was in the middle of completing her other projects Sivaji: The Boss and Azhagiya Tamil Magan. In September 2007, with the release of the trailer several other artistes names were featured as supporting cast. Prominent supporting actor Raghuvaran was selected to play as Shriya's father and shot scenes in the role, before his unexpected death during the production of the film, subsequently, his role was replaced by Ashish Vidyarthi. Prabhu was also added in a supporting role, as well as lesser established actors such as Vikram's father Vinod Raj, Y. G. Mahendran, Shiv, Arun Madhavan, Vinayak and Alex, whilst Mumaith Khan was assigned for an item number. Later on, veteran Telugu actor Krishna was signed to a role in the project as well as Indrajith who will do a villainous role in the film. Indrajith was selected for the role ahead of other prominent character actors Arjun Rampal, Irfan Khan and Suman. Along with the change of actor for Raghuvaran's role, Indrajith's role was taken by Mukesh Tiwari and the role created for Santhanam was deleted. Moreover, Vivek, who had featured in the original trailer, opted out and was replaced by Vadivelu. Mansoor Ali Khan took up a negative role in the film to make a comeback in acting.The producer of Kanthaswamy, Kalaipuli S. Dhanu and Susi Ganesan, the director ensembled an experienced team to produce the film. Veterans Thotta Tharani, A. S. Laxmi Narayanan and Viveka between them, take care of the art direction, audiography and lyrics respectively. Devi Sri Prasad composed the music. While N. K. Ekambaram was assigned as the director of photography of the film, the film was edited by three film editors Praveen K. L., N. B. Srikanth and M. V. Rajesh. Kanal Kannan and Chatrapathy Shakthi are the fight masters for the film, whilst Mittra media are responsible for the publicity designs of the film outputs, adding to their work with the trailer and the invitations. The film is co-produced, by Chennai businessmen, A. Paranthaman and A. K. Natraj, along with Dhanu.

 Music 

 Tamil 
The film has seven songs composed by Devi Sri Prasad (DSP). For the first time, Vikram has sung most of the songs in this movie. The songs from the bilingual albums were released to the public after an audio launch at the Chennai Trade Centre in Chennai on 17 May 2009. "En Peru Meenakumari" samples "Bambara Kannaala" from Manamagan Thevai (1957).

 Telugu 

 Release 
The satellite rights of the film were sold to Sun TV. The original Tamil version of the film was given a "U" certificate, along with some cuts by the Indian Censor Board. Additionally, the Telugu version Mallanna was granted a U/A certificate, with a few cuts from the Board. Some theaters reduced 15 minutes of Brahmanandam's comedy from the Telugu version. Due to Raghuvaran's death, the release was postponed. The Tamil version Kanthaswamy is available on OTT platform Sun NXT and the Telugu version Mallanna is available on Hotstar.
The Telugu version satellite rights were sold to Star Maa.

 Reception 

 Critical response 
Kanthaswamy received mixed reviews from critics, with praise for Vikram and Shriya's performances, the soundtrack, background score, and plot. However the film's editing, writing, and length received criticism.Indiaglitz reviewed that "the movie was delight to watch and praised Shriya that as a cool cat, she plays a perfect foil to Vikram in the film". Sify also reviewed that "the movie was a roller coaster ride of pure unadulterated masala. It praised Vikram and Shriya saying while Vikram rocked and the film belongs to him, Shriya sizzled throughout and carried the glamorous role with élan and the attitude". Rediff gave the film 2.5/5 stars and commented: "Watch Kandhasamy for its beautiful locales, a ravishing heroine, and Vikram's smile but go with nil expectations as this particular super-hero doesn't have much to offer a discerning viewer". Behindwoods rated the film 2/5 and stated that it was "A hollow hype". Cinema Chaat gave the film 3.5/5 stars, and stated that "Kanthaswamy is not a great film, but instead serves as an excellent example of what might have been."For the Telugu version Mallanna, Fullhyd.com gave the film a positive rating of 3.25/5, writing that "Well, it's been long since we saw the good guys consistently act much smarter than the bad guys. And for that alone, Mallanna comes out a winner." Idlebrain gave the film a rating of two-and-a-half out of five and noted that "On a whole, Mallana is an example of what happens when popular screenplay goes wrong in any of Shankar's movies".

 Box office 
The film collected ₹ 13.7 million in the UK. In Malaysia it collected a $1,077,658 in its total run. In Chennai box office it collected ₹ 72.8 million in seven weeks.

 Accolades 
Amrita Mathrubhumi Award

Best Actress – Shriya SaranEdison Awards

Best Public Relations Officer – Diamond BabuVijay Awards
The film has been nominated for the following categories:
Favorite Hero – Vikram
Favorite Heroine – Shriya Saran
Favorite film – Kalaipuli S. Dhanu
Favorite Director – Susi Ganesan
Best Music Director – Devi Sri Prasad
Best Art Director – Thotta Tharani
Best Female Playback Singer – Rita
Best Choreographer – Saravana Rajan
Best Make Up Artistes – Nellai Shanmugam
Best Costume Designer – Chaitanya and Sai

 References 

 External links 
Kanthaswamy at IMDb

Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum
Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by debutante Rajamohan. The film stars newcomers Ramakrishnan and Thananya, while Tharun Chatriya, Nagamma, and Agavamma play supporting roles. The film is produced by SPB Charan under his banner Capital Film Works and has music by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film released on 24 April 2009.

 Plot 
Thulasi (Thananya) comes to Muttam village along with her grandmother (Nagamma) after her parents desert her. She joins a government school in the village to pursue her studies. Enters Koochan (Ramakrishnan), who instantly falls for her. Koochan's mother Chandra (Agavamma) helps the poor Thulasi to pursue her studies. However, coming to know about their romance, Agavamma insults Thulasi and her grandmother and drives them out of the village when Koochan is out on a school tour. A shocked Koochan returns only to meet with a road mishap. Meanwhile, Thulasi, who seeks refuge in a family at Tuticorin, is forced to marry a rowdy named Dharman (Tharun Chatriya). On the day of their marriage, Dharman gets arrested by the police. His wayward lifestyle invites trouble, and he eventually gets arrested for murdering a youth. An annoyed Thulasi returns to Muttam, only to see that Koochan has lost himself in liquor after his love failure. Meanwhile, Koochan resolves to set Thulasi's life right by helping her grandmother in getting Dharman out in bail. Eventually, Dharman returns to Muttam but ends up murdering another person in his drunken state. Koochan takes the blame on himself and ends up getting beaten up by the village people and arrested by the police. When Thulasi tries chasing the jeep in order to confess her husband's mistake and release Koochan, she meets with an accident. The movie ends with both their dead bodies being buried together and Dharman being arrested for his crime.

 Cast 
Ramakrishnan as Koochan
Thanaya as Thulasi
Tharun Chatriya as Dharman
Nagamma as Thulasi's grandmother
Agavamma as Chandra (Koochan's mother)
R. Sivakumar
Mano
Gunasekharan
Chandra

 Production 

 Development 
Nearly one year after the stupendous success of his film Chennai 600028, in May 2008, SPB Charan decided to produce his next film. He then got to meet Rajamohan, an erstwhile assistant, who worked under prominent directors like A. Venkatesh, Rajakumaran, and Vijay Milton. Rajamohan told Charan the story of his film, which he titled as "Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum", impressed of which, Charan decided to produce that film. Rajamohan became a director, since he wanted to fulfill the wish of his brother, who wanted to become a director, but died in an accident, before his wish was satisfied.

 Casting 
Rajamohan first approached Atharvaa for the lead role, but the actor was keen to debut with another project. When looking out for the actor to play the hero's role, Rajamohan saw Ramakrishan one day walking on the road, who was an assistant director of Cheran, and felt he would be the right person for the role and gave him the role of the protagonist. Tharshana, who later changed her name to Thananya, a second year medical student hailing from Andhra Pradesh, was picked as the heroine to play the female lead after she was discovered by Charan and Rajamohan in a medical college. Though she was hesitant at first, she eventually agreed to take over the role of Thulasi, after Charan and Rajamohan explained her the importance and the scope of her role in the film and convinced her.Apart from Ramakrishnan and Tharshana, another newcomer, Tharun Chatriya, and an older woman, who dons the role of Thulasi's grandmother, are said to be important characters in the film. Moreover, eight assistant directors and some "lightmen" do act in the film as well, who Rajamohan and Charan wanted to pay a tribute for their hard work and the effort they put in. Yuvan Shankar Raja, a regular of Charan's films, was assigned as the music director, as were the other crew members, who had also worked for Charan's previous venture Chennai 600028.

 Filming 
The shooting of the film started on 9 June 2008 in Nagercoil and was entirely shot in a small village called "Muttam" near Nagercoil and in surrounding areas.

 Soundtrack 
The soundtrack is composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja which featured 6 tracks with lyrics written by Vaali and Gangai Amaran. Father S. P. Balasubrahmanyam and son SPB Charan, the producers of the film, have each sung one of the films, as did composer Yuvan Shankar Raja himself and his cousin Venkat Prabhu. The songs and the film score have been recorded using a live orchestra and without any electronic instruments such as synthesizers so as to create a rural feel to the film's music. The album was released on 10 January 2009 in Chennai at SRM Valliammai Engineering College at Kattankulathur, Kanchipuram district. Prior to the audio release, the team of the film conducted a two-day event at the campus, where rural games were organized and 30 winners were chosen to attend the audio release of the film along with big stars from the film industry.The soundtrack was highly successful upon release, with Indiaglitz stated "Yuvan deserves credit for coming up with an album that is enjoyable and entertaining". Behindwoods gave 2.5 out of 5 saying "Though this film has strong rural overtones, you are surprised by the fact that you don’t get to hear violins and flutes as much as you’d have expected. Yuvan seems to have concentrated more on rhythms. Vaali scores again. Overall, the album is worth a listen". Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff wrote "It might not contain a set of rocking tunes but this album is a collection of familiar tunes packaged in a refreshing way. Not blockbuster material but worth a listen." Karthik Srinivasan of Milliblog stated "Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puraavum sees Yuvan in a dithering form".

 References 

 External links 
Official Website Archived 25 January 2009 at the Wayback Machine
Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum at IMDb

Kaakha Kaakha
Kaakha Kaakha (transl. To Protect) (titled The Police in the UK) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action thriller film written and directed by Gautham Vasudev Menon. It stars Suriya and Jyothika, with Jeevan playing the antagonist. The film featured music composed by Harris Jayaraj and cinematography by R. D. Rajasekhar. 
Kaakha Kaakha was released on 1 August 2003 to highly positive reviews and was considered a comeback film for producer Kalaipuli S. Thanu and Suriya's biggest blockbuster.

 Plot 
Anbuselvan is an orphan and a honest stone-hearted IPS officer in the Chennai City Police and works as the ACP in the Crime Branch. Anbuselvan and his IPS friends Srikanth, Arul and Ilamaran are recruited for part of a special unit of police officers, who are battling organised crime in Chennai. Violent and laconic, Anbuselvan is violent and laconic in his duties and finds little patience for his personal life. The unit is ruthless in its confrontation with criminals, going as far as assassinating gang members. The unit is finally disbanded after 5 encounters in 3 months by Human rights authorities, where Anbuselvan is posted to Control Room Duties. One day, a school teacher named Maya rebuffs Anbuselvan's routine questions regarding safety, not knowing that he is a police officer. 
Anbuselvan meets Maya again when she and her friend are questioned for driving without a license. However, Anbuselvan lets them off with a warning. When one of Maya's students has a problem with local kids, she asks Anbuselvan for help. Anbuselvan resolves this problem and a mutual respect grows between them, where they begin seeing one another. When Maya gets into a road accident, Anbuselvan helps her recover and they fall in love. Srikanth and his wife Swathi become good friends with Maya. Sethu, a gangster who escaped the encounter operations, meets his estranged brother Pandiya, who returns to Chennai after 14 years of crime life in Maharashtra. Pandiya has a peculiar tactic: he kills a family member of his opponent, but leaves the opponent alive to rot in depression on the loss of his family member. 
Sethu's gang, aided by Pandiya's planning, commit major kidnappings in the city and become very powerful in 6 months. The 10-year-old son of an influential film producer is kidnapped and killed, and later his daughter is also kidnapped for ransom. The special unit is reassembled by the commissioner with all four back in the crime branch. The unit tracks down and kills Sethu in a railyard, while the others escape.  Pandiya takes over the gang, promising grave revenge over his brother's death. Pandiya and his gang members target the families of the men in the special unit, but the police close in, and a badly injured Pandiya barely escapes Anbuselvan. Pandiya and his men brutally kill Ilamaran the same night, and escape. The entire department is mobilised and all family members of the remaining three are sent into hiding. Maya and Anbuselvan get married in a hurry and leave for Pondicherry. 
However, Pandiya and his thugs enter the cottage the next day, where the couple are honeymooning and attack Anbuselvan, leaving him for dead, and kidnapping Maya. Anbuselvan is battling for life, but thinking only about rescuing Maya. Srikanth and Arul arrive at the cottage, discover Anbuselvan and take him to the hospital. Srikanth reveals that Swathi was kidnapped earlier at the airport and confesses that he was the one who gave away Anbuselvan's location to Pandiya, for Swathi's safe return. Srikanth feels extreme remorse over what has happened. Whilst in the hospital, they receive a message from Pandiya to meet him at a particular location in Andhra Pradesh. When they go there, they find two packages, one containing Swathi's severed head and the other one containing Maya's arm flesh. 
Srikanth and Anbuselvan are distraught, with the former being hysterical upon seeing his wife's head, and in an agony of grief and guilt at being responsible, Srikanth shoots himself dead. Anbuselvan and Arul track down Pandiya before he can escape from Tamil Nadu and fight with the gang. Anbuselvan aims to shoot Pandiya, but Pandiya shoots Maya while using her as a shield, and she dies in Anbuselvan's arms. An enraged Anbuselvan tracks down Pandiya and brutally finishes him off, avenging Maya and his friends' deaths. In the aftermath, Anbuselvan continues his job as an IPS officer, while still reminiscing his moments with Maya.

 Cast 

 Production 
The film was initially titled as Paathi (Half) and then as Kalam, before the team opted to change the title to Kaakha Kaakha. Gautham Vasudev Menon revealed that he was inspired to make the film after reading of articles on how encounter specialists shoot gangsters and how their families get threatening calls in return, and initially approached Madhavan, Ajith Kumar and Vikram for the role without success. The lead actress Jyothika asked Menon to consider Suriya for the role, and he was subsequently selected after Menon saw his portrayal in Nandha. Many producers refuse to do this film as they could not make a film on the budget fixed by Menon that too with Suriya; it was Thanu who finally agreed to produce the film.Menon did a rehearsal of the script with the actors, a costume trial with Jyothika and then enrolled Suriya in a commando training school before beginning production, which he described as a "very planned shoot". In order to prepare for the role, Suriya met real-life police officers Vijayakumar and Shailendra Babu and discussed about their encounter experiences. The film had an alternate ending which showed Jyothika's character surviving; it was released only on DVD. An outhouse set was built at Nuwera Eliya at Sri Lanka which cost ₹5 lakh (equivalent to ₹18 lakh or US$23,000 in 2023). In order to build the set on 24 feet of water, art director Rajeevan hired thirteen carpenters, two painters and the set was built within 15 days and the green-grass roof of the house had to be watered every day to prevent the grass from drying up. The scene where Suriya falls from the outhouse, he performed it without a stunt double.

 Release 
Kaakha Kaakha was released on 1 August 2003.

 Reception 
Guru Subramaniam of Rediff.com labelled Kaakha Kaakha a "career high film". Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu described it as for "action lovers who believe in logical storylines and deft treatment" and praised Menon for his nonlinear narrative screenplay. Cinesouth wrote "Goutham has made an action film without getting caught in the masala trap. Appreciated!". The film was a major breakthrough for both Menon and Suriya.

 Remakes 
Gautham Vasudev Menon remade the film in Telugu as Gharshana (2004) for producer Venkata Raj and it went on to be highly successful in Telugu theatres. In July 2004, Menon agreed terms to direct and produce another version of Kaakha Kaakha in Hindi with Sunny Deol in the lead role and revealed that the script was written five years ago with Deol in mind, but the film eventually failed to take off. Producer Vipul Amrutlal Shah approached him to direct the Hindi version of the film in 2010 as Force and Menon initially agreed before pulling out again. The film was also remade in Kannada in 2011 as Dandam Dashagunam. Menon and the original producer Kalaipuli S. Thanu also floated an idea of an English version with a Chechnyan backdrop, though talks with a potential collaboration with Ashok Amritraj collapsed.

 Accolades 
In addition to the following list of awards and nominations, prominent Indian film websites named Kaakha Kaakha one of the 10 best Tamil films of 2003, with Rediff, Sify and Behindwoods all doing so. The film was, before release, in "most awaited" lists from film websites.

 Soundtrack 
The film's music was composed by Harris Jayaraj marking his second collaboration with Menon after Minnale. The song "Ondra Renda" is based on "Dil Ko Tumse Pyar Hua" from the 2001 Hindi film Rehnaa Hai Terre Dil Mein in which Harris himself was the music director.

 References 

 External links 
Kaakha Kaakha at IMDb

Ini Varum Kaalam
Ini Varum Kaalam (transl. Arrival of new time) is a 2008 Indian Tamil language romantic drama film directed by Sibi Chandar. The film stars Ranjan and Sajitha Betti, with Ravichandran, Ramesh Kanna, Anu Mohan, T. P. Gajendran, O. A. K. Sundar and Saranya Ponvannan playing supporting roles.

 Plot 
Aravind (Ranjan), a jobless graduate, lives with his widowed mother (Saranya Ponvannan) and his uncle (Ramesh Kanna) in the city. Aravind bumps into the college student Aarthi (Sajitha Betti) in different situations and he slowly falls in love with her. In the meantime, he finds a job in a car dealership company and his first assignment is to buy a rare model car from the adamant and retired military officer Chandramouli (Ravichandran). Aravind gets acquainted with Chandramouli and they befriend, the old man turns out to be Aarthi's grandfather. One day, his uncle steals Chandramouli's car in order to help Aravind. Chandramouli is deeply shocked by the theft, he has a heart attack and is admitted to the hospital. Aravind then brings him back the car and Chandramouli is cured.
Aravind professes his love to Aarthi and Aarthi eventually reciprocates his love. Their respective family accept to marry them. In the meantime, the gangster Thamba (O. A. K. Sundar) is hired to kill a politician. That night, in the middle of the road, Thamba and his henchmen waited to attack the politician's car. Aravind and Aarthi travel by motorbike and Aravind's motorbike break down, he decides to go to the mechanic shop and Aarthi waits for his return. Thamba who doesn't want to wreck his plan asks Aarthi to move but she refuses and an angry Thamba beats her up. When Aravind sees his girlfriend in danger, he gets dizzy and runs away. He then returns and trows toward Thamba a molotov cocktail, Thamba is disfigured by the attack and he escapes with his henchmen. Aarthi, still shocked by the incident, is disgusted by Aravind's cowardness and refuses to marry him. Thereafter, a vengeful Thamba brutally stabs Aravind on the street and Chandramouli who happened to pass by takes him to the hospital. In the hospital, Aravind's mother explains to Chandramouli and Aarthi why Aravind behaved like this that night.
In the past, Aravind was a cheerful and brave child in a remote village. One day, he witnessed his teacher being stabbed and burned alive by a rowdy in his classroom. Aravind was traumatized by what he had seen and developed posttraumatic stress disorder.
Back to the present, Thamba is involved in land grabbing and forces an orphanage to give him their land. On Independence Day, Aravind, Aarthi and their family are invited to celebrate it with the orphan kids. Thamba and his henchmen start to beat up the participants including Aravind. Aravind begins to lose consciousness but the encouragement of his well-wishers gives him the boost to hit back and he beats them up.

 Cast 

 Production 
Sibi Chandar made his directorial debut with Ini Varum Kaalam under the banner of Saamundi Chitra. Newcomer Ranjan was chosen to play the hero while Sajitha Betti, credited as Parveen Kapoor, was selected to play his love interest. Speaking about the film, the director said, "A romantic film, it also deals with a contemporary problem. It is about a middle-class family affected by the aftermath of violence. The film also leaves a message that life is much better in a non-violent society". The film was shot in 20 days.

 Soundtrack 
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Bharani. The soundtrack features 5 tracks.The audio was released in 2008 in Chennai. Sathyaraj, K. Rajan and Rama Narayanan attended the audio function.

 References 

List of University of Memphis people
The following is a list of notable University of Memphis people, including alumni, notable faculty members and administrators, and others affiliated with the University of Memphis.

 Notable alumni 

 Government, public service, and public policy 
Rex Armistead – private detective, investigator for the defunct Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission and the Arkansas Project
Arthur Barclay (born 1982) – politician who has represented the 5th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2016
Thomas G. Carpenter – former President of the University of Memphis
Robert N. Clement – former U.S. Congressman
Bernice Donald – judge, United States district court
Bob Fisher, president of Belmont University since 2000.
John Ford – Tennessee politician
Tre Hargett- Secretary of State, Tennessee
Willie Herenton – Mayor, City of Memphis
Ed Jackson – Republican state senator
James F. Kyle – State Senator, Tennessee Legislature
David Lillard – Tennessee state treasurer since 2009
Ed McAteer – leader of the Christian right and founder of the Religious Roundtable; attended but did not graduate
Viola Harris Mcferren – civil rights activist
Curtis S. Person Jr. – former State Senator, Tennessee Legislature
Van B. Poole (Class of 1958) – former member of both houses of the Florida Legislature
Frank Scott Jr., current mayor of Little Rock, AR
J. Millard Smith – former President of the University of Memphis
Jim Strickland – mayor of Memphis
Fred Thompson – actor and former U.S. Senator

 Literature, arts, and media 
Dixie Carter – actress
Kellye Cash – Miss America 1987
Eric Jerome Dickey – author
John Dye – actor
Johanna Edwards – bestselling novelist
Galen Fott – director and animator
Brian A. Hopkins - award-winning author
Barbara Walker Hummel – Miss America 1947
Jason Isbell – recording artist and songwriter, member of The 400 Unit and Drive-By Truckers
Michael Jeter - actor
Dickey Lee – recording artist and songwriter
Terry Manning – music producer, photographer
Wink Martindale – radio dj, radio personality, singer, game show host, television personality, television producer (BS 1957)
Les McCurdy - Stand Up Comedian, producer, owner McCurdys Comedy Theatre & Humor Institute Sarasota Fl. Est. 1988
Gary Parrish – sports columnist, radio host and television analyst
Edmund Warren Perry Jr. – writer
William Sanderson – actor
Stella Stevens – actress
J. Karen Thomas – actress (Drop Dead Diva, Nashville)
Pat Kerr Tigrett – fashion designer
Trenyce – singer, American Idol finalist 
Cara Notestine - Photographer

 Business 
Melissa Arnoldi – President of Technology and Operations, AT&T
Martin Belz – President of Belz Enterprises
William Dunavant – Chairman of Dunavant Enterprises
R. Brad Martin – Chairman of the Board/CEO, Saks Incorporated

 Athletics 
Dave Anderson – multiple teams, MLB
Vincent Askew – multiple teams, NBA
Earl Barron – NBA
Will Barton – Denver Nuggets, NBA
William Bedford –  multiple teams, NBA
Isaac Bruce – San Francisco 49ers, St. Louis Rams, NFL
Antonio Burks – NBA
Mike Butler – professional basketball player with New Orleans Buccaneers and Utah Stars
Rodney Carney – Golden St. Warriors, NBA
Joey Dorsey – Toronto Raptors, NBA
Chris Douglas-Roberts – Milwaukee Bucks, NBA
Tyreke Evans – Sacramento Kings, NBA
Larry Finch – Memphis TAMs, ABA
T. J. Frier – football player
Stephen Gostkowski – New England Patriots, NFL
Earnest Gray – NFL, New York Giants
Sylvester Gray – Miami Heat, NBA
Penny Hardaway – NBA
Chad Harville – multiple teams, MLB
Cedric Henderson – Utah Jazz, NBA
Richard Jones – New York Nets, NBA
Larry Kenon – multiple teams, NBA
Bill Laurie – 1973 NCAA Championship game starting point guard for Memphis State
Jerry Lawler – Hall of Fame professional wrestler, WWE
Ronald Leary – Dallas Cowboys, NFL
Keith Lee – New Jersey Nets, NBA
James Logan – Houston Oilers, Seattle Seahawks, NFL
Steve Matthews – Kansas City Chiefs, NFL
Hank McDowell – multiple teams, NBA
Mike McKenzie – New Orleans Saints, NFL
 Andy Nelson - Baltimore Colts, NFL
Lloyd Patterson – Saskatchewan Roughriders
Ryan Peniston - British Tennis Player
Elliot Perry – Phoenix Suns, NBA
Derrick Rose – Chicago Bulls, NBA
Harry Schuh – All-American Tackle, played for Oakland Raiders, LA Rams and Green Bay Packers
Jack Smith – Philadelphia Eagles, NFL
Cliff Taylor – multiple teams, NFL
Adonis Thomas (born 1993) - basketball player in the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Andre Turner –  multiple teams, NBA
Dan Uggla – Atlanta Braves, MLB
David Vaughn – multiple teams, NBA
Dajuan Wagner – Cleveland Cavaliers, NBA
Darius Washington – NBA
Tamika Whitmore – Indiana Fever, WNBA
Win Wilfong – Cincinnati Royals, NBA
DeAngelo Williams – Pittsburgh Steelers, NFL
Shawne Williams – New York Knicks, NBA
Francis Winkler – Green Bay Packers, NFL
Jerome Woods – Kansas City Chiefs, NFL
Keith Wright – NFL, Cleveland Browns
Lorenzen Wright – multiple teams, NBA
Wayne Yates – Los Angeles Lakers, NBA
Jim Hardin - Baltimore Orioles New York Yankees Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball Pitcher

 Notable professors and scholars 
Richard Bausch – novelist and short story writer; Moss Chair of Excellence in English at the University of Memphis
Béla Bollobás – mathematician; known for his work in combinatorics; Fields Medal winner Timothy Gowers' dissertation advisor
Peter J. Brand – Egyptologist
Joyce Cobb – jazz vocalist
Jack Cooper – jazz composer, arranger
Miriam DeCosta-Willis – first African American faculty member at what was then Memphis State University
Ralph Faudree – mathematician with a focus on Ramsey theory; provost of the university
Robert Fisher – MBA, president of Belmont University
Stan Franklin – cognitive scientist; proponent of artificial consciousness
Arthur C. Graesser – cognitive psychologist; editor of the Journal of Educational Psychology
Jessie Mae Hemphill – electric guitarist, songwriter, and vocalist specializing in Southern music
Benjamin Hooks – civil rights leader
Xiangen Hu – professor in cognitive psychology
John Lee – author, professor of English
Michael Leff – scholar of rhetoric
Jennifer R. Mandel – professor of biology
Milton C. Moreland – archaeologist and president of Centre College
Cecil C. Rousseau – mathematician and author who specializes in graph theory and combinatorics
Rebecca Skloot – New York Times bestselling science writer, professor of English

 Coaches 
John Calipari – Kentucky basketball coach
Penny Hardaway – Memphis basketball coach
Dana Kirk – Memphis basketball coach
Josh Pastner –  Memphis basketball coach
Tic Price – Memphis basketball coach

 Other 
Stan Bronson Jr. – Guinness World Record holder batboy for Memphis Tigers baseball

 References 

Rear-front Memorial
The Rear-front Memorial (Russian: Памятник «Тыл — фронту») is a bronze and granite monument located in the city of Magnitogorsk, Russia, sculpted by Lev Golovnitsky and drawn by Yakov Belopolsky. It is considered the first part of a triptych, also consisting of The Motherland Calls in Volgograd and Warrior Liberator in Treptower Park, Berlin. This monument was unveiled in 1979. By the time of construction of the monument, the creator of the other two monuments, Yevgeny Vuchetich, had already died. 
The monument is composed of a worker and a warrior. The worker is oriented to the east, towards the Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Works. The warrior is facing the west, to the side of the "Great Patriotic War". The three monuments are made to symbolize the sword being forged in Magnitogorsk, raised in The Motherland Calls in Volgograd (then Stalingrad) and finally dropped to the ground after the victory in Berlin as a part of Warrior Liberator. The composition also includes a stone flower made from Karelian granite with an eternal flame.

 References 

John Robbins (author)
John Robbins (born October 26, 1947) is an American author, who popularized the links among nutrition, environmentalism, and animal rights. He is the author of the 1987 Diet for a New America, an exposé on connections between diet, physical health, animal cruelty, and environmentalism. Robbins founded the organization EarthSave in 1988.

 Biography 
Robbins is the son of Irma Robbins and Irv Robbins, co-founder of Baskin-Robbins.  He is of Jewish descent. John graduated from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1969, and received a master's degree from Antioch College, in 1976. Rather than following the ice-cream parlor legacy of his father, he left the company to seek a simpler life. He and his wife Deo were married on March 10, 1967. Ocean Robbins, their son, is the founder of Food Revolution Network.In 1987 Diet for a New America was published. In the book Robbins links the impacts of factory farming on human health, the environment, and animal welfare, to make a case for a plant-based diet. A year later he founded EarthSave (see below).
In 2001, Robbins updated and reiterated his views on veganism for ethical, environmental and health reasons in the book The Food Revolution. The book includes information on organic food, genetically modified food, and factory farming.
He worked with PETA in 2002 to sue the California Milk Advisory Board over its 'happy cows' television advertisement. The Milk Advisory Board won on a technicality.His 2006 book Healthy at 100, published by Random House, was printed on 100% post-consumer non-chlorine bleached paper, a first for a book from a major U.S. publisher.
Robbins is also on the advisory board of Naked Food Magazine, for which he is also a regular contributor of articles espousing a plant-based diet.

 EarthSave 
In 1988, Robbins founded EarthSave, an international, non-profit organization. The organization was born to channel the reader response to his Diet for a New America. EarthSave did outreach to the non-vegetarian public, with information tables and vegetarian social activities such as vegetarian Thanksgiving potlucks, and activism on vegetarian, animal, and food system issues.EarthSave sponsored a youth-outreach group, YES (Youth for Environmental Sanity), which toured the country visiting high schools and raising awareness of the EarthSave message.EarthSave continues to promote healthy, environmentally sound food choices. As of January 2022, its head office is in Chatsworth, California.Earthsave Canada was established as a registered non-profit charity in British Columbia in March 1990.

 Books 
Diet for a New America: How Your Food Choices Affect Your Health, Happiness and the Future of Life on Earth, (1987). ISBN 978-0915811816
May All Be Fed: Diet For a New World, (1992).
Reclaiming Our Health: Exploding the Medical Myth and Embracing the Source of True Healing, (1996).
The Awakened Heart: Meditations on Finding Harmony in a Changing World, 1997.
The Food Revolution: How Your Diet Can Help Save Your Life and Our World, 2001.
Healthy at 100: The Scientifically Proven Secrets of the World’s Healthiest and Longest-Lived Peoples, 2006.
The New Good Life: Living Better Than Ever in an Age of Less, (2010), Ballantine Books, 304 pages (ISBN 978-0345519849).
No Happy Cows: Dispatches from the Frontlines of the Food Revolution, 2012.
Voices of the Food Revolution: You Can Heal Your Body and Your World with Food!, (May 6, 2013)

 Films 
Diet for a New America (1991) featuring Michael Klaper, T. Colin Campbell, and John A. McDougall
Super Size Me (2004) by Morgan Spurlock has a short interview with Robbins.

 Further reading 
Iacobbo, Karen; Iacobbo, Michael (2004). Vegetarian America: A History. Praeger. ISBN 978-0-313-36164-7.

 References 

 External links 

Official website 
John Robbins at IMDb

Chris McCubbins
Raymond Christopher McCubbins (November 22, 1945 – August 21, 2009) was a middle-distance runner and teacher for the Winnipeg School Division from the United States. Born in Enid, Oklahoma in 1945, he won the gold medal in the men's 3000 meters steeplechase event at the 1967 Pan American Games. McCubbins later competed for Canada at the 1976 Olympics in the 10,000 meter event. McCubbins was a teacher at Kent Road School for 27 years.
McCubbins died on August 21, 2009, after a six-month battle with leukemia.Joe Mackintosh, the brother of Chris’ first wife Marie, wrote a biography of McCubbins published by J Gordon Shillingford Publishing Inc of Winnipeg Canada in 2013 titled
‘Chris McCubbins, Running The Distance.’

 References 

 External links 
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Chris McCubbins". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2020-04-18.

Ira Murchison
Ira James Murchison (February 6, 1933 – March 28, 1994) was an American athlete, winner of the gold medal in 4 × 100 m relay at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, he attended Phillips High School. Murchison was noted for his exceptional speed from the starting block, which earned him a nickname Human Sputnik.
Before the Melbourne Olympics, Murchison equalled twice the 100 m world record of 10.2 and ran in Berlin a new world record of 10.1, thus becoming one of the favourites to win the 100 m Olympic gold medal. But at Melbourne, Murchison managed to finish only in a disappointing fourth place. He also ran the leadoff leg of the 4 × 100 m relay team for the United States, and helped the American team to a gold medal in a world record time of 39.5.
He attended the University of Iowa, but later transferred to Western Michigan. In 1957, Murchison repeated the 100 yd (91 m) world record of 9.3 and, as a Western Michigan University student, won the 1958 NCAA championships in 100 yd (91 m). At the 1963 Pan American Games, Murchison finished third in the 100 m and helped the American 4 × 100 m relay team to win a gold medal.
During the 1970s, Murchison was the coach of a women's track team in Chicago. One of the women he coached was 1976 Olympic sprinter, Rosalyn Bryant.
Ira Murchison died of cancer in Harvey, Illinois, aged 61.

 References 
Evans, Hilary; Gjerde, Arild; Heijmans, Jeroen; Mallon, Bill; et al. "Ira Murchison". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. Archived from the original on 2013-12-15.

Christian Democratic Union of Germany
The Christian Democratic Union of Germany (German: Christlich Demokratische Union Deutschlands [ˈkʁɪstlɪç demoˈkʁaːtɪʃə ʔuˈni̯oːn ˈdɔʏtʃlants]; CDU German pronunciation: [ˌtseːdeːˈʔuː] ) is a Christian democratic centrist and liberal conservative political party in Germany. It is the major catch-all party of the centre-right in German politics.Friedrich Merz has been federal chairman of the CDU since 31 January 2022. The CDU is the second largest party in the Bundestag, the German federal legislature, with 152 out of 736 seats, having won 18.9% of votes in the 2021 federal election. It forms the CDU/CSU Bundestag faction, also known as the Union, with its Bavarian counterpart, the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU). The group's parliamentary leader is also Friedrich Merz.
Founded in 1945 as an interdenominational Christian party, the CDU effectively succeeded the pre-war Catholic Centre Party, with many former members joining the party, including its first leader Konrad Adenauer. The party also included politicians of other backgrounds, including liberals and conservatives. As a result, the party claims to represent "Christian-social, liberal and conservative" elements. The CDU is generally pro-European in outlook. Black is the party's customary and historical electoral colour. Other colours include red for the logo, orange for the flag, and black-red-gold for the corporate design.Since the election defeat in the 2021 federal election, the CDU is in opposition at federal level. It previously led the federal government from 1949 to 1969, 1982 to 1998, and 2005 to 2021. Germany's three longest-serving post-war Chancellors have all come from the CDU, more specifically: Helmut Kohl (1982–1998), Angela Merkel (2005–2021), and Konrad Adenauer (1949–1963). The party also currently leads the governments of six of Germany's sixteen states. 
The CDU is a member of the Centrist Democrat International, the International Democrat Union, and the European People's Party (EPP). It is the largest party in the EPP with 23 MEPs. Ursula von der Leyen, the current President of the European Commission, is also a member of the CDU.

 History 

 Founding period 

Immediately following the end of World War II and the foreign occupation of Germany, simultaneous yet unrelated meetings began occurring throughout the country, each with the intention of planning a Christian-democratic party. Consequently, the CDU was established in Berlin on 26 June 1945 and in Rheinland and Westfalen in September of the same year.
The founding members of the CDU consisted primarily of former members of the Centre Party, the German Democratic Party, the German National People's Party, and the German People's Party. In the Cold War, years after World War II up to the 1960s (see Vergangenheitsbewältigung), the CDU attracted conservative, anti-communist, former Nazis as well as Nazi collaborators into its higher ranks (like Hans Globke and Theodor Oberländer but also future CDU chairman and West German chancellor Kurt Georg Kiesinger). A prominent member was theologian Eugen Gerstenmaier, who became Acting Chairman of the Foreign Board (1949–1969).
The result of these meetings was the establishment of an inter-confessional (Catholic and Protestant alike) party influenced heavily by the political tradition of liberal conservatism. The CDU experienced considerable success gaining widespread support from the time of its creation in Berlin on 26 June 1945 until its first convention on 21 October 1950, at which future West German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer was named the first Chairman of the party.

 Adenauer era (1949–1963) 
In the beginning, it was not clear which party would be favored by the victors of World War II, but by the end of the 1940s the governments of the United States and of the United Kingdom began to lean more toward the CDU and significantly away from the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), especially due to geopolitical reasons. The latter was more nationalist and sought German reunification even at the expense of concessions to the Soviet Union (USSR), depicting Adenauer as an instrument of both the Americans and the Vatican. The Western powers appreciated the CDU's right-ward slant, its commitment to capitalism, and its value as a pivotal oppositional force to the communists, thereby keeping consistent with US/UK foreign policy. In addition, Adenauer was also trusted by the British.However, the party was split over issues of rearmament within the Western alliance and German unification as a neutral state. Adenauer staunchly defended his pro-Western position and outmaneuvered some of his opponents. He also refused to consider the SPD as a party of the coalition until he felt sure that they shared his anti-communist position. The principled rejection of a reunification that would alienate Germany from the Western alliance made it harder to attract Protestant voters to the party, as most refugees from the former German territories east of the Oder river were of that faith, as were the majority of the inhabitants of East Germany.Therefore, the CDU was the dominant political party for the first two decades following the establishment of West Germany in 1949. The durable alliance that the party had established with the liberal Free Democratic Party (FDP) as the leading tandem of several federal governments, and, implicitly, the strong partnership between Chancellor Adenauer and President Theodor Heuss enabled West Germany to thoroughly rebuild itself in the wake of World War II. Adenauer remained the party's leader until 1963, when former Minister of Economics Ludwig Erhard replaced him. As the Free Democratic Party (FDP) withdrew from the governing coalition in 1966 due to disagreements over fiscal and economic policy, Erhard was forced to resign. Consequently, a grand coalition with the SPD took over government under CDU Chancellor Kurt Georg Kiesinger.

 Opposition against social-liberal governments (1969–1982) 
The SPD quickly gained popularity and succeeded in forming a social-liberal coalition with the FDP following the 1969 federal election, forcing the CDU out of power for the first time in its history. The CDU and CSU were highly critical of Chancellor Willy Brandt's "change through rapprochement" policy towards the Eastern bloc (Ostpolitik) and protested sharply against the 1970 treaties of Moscow and Warsaw that renounced claims to the former eastern territories of Germany and recognised the Oder–Neisse line as Germany's eastern border. The Union parties had close ties with the Heimatvertriebene associations (Germans who fled or were expelled from the eastern territories) who hoped for a return of or in these territories. Seven Bundestag members, including former vice chancellor Erich Mende, defected from the FDP and SPD to the CDU in protest against these treaties, depriving Brandt of his majority, and providing a thin majority for the CDU and CSU. In April 1972, the CDU saw its chance to return to power, calling a constructive vote of no confidence. CDU chairman Rainer Barzel was almost certain to become the new Chancellor. But not all parliamentarians voted as expected (it was later revealed that two CDU/CSU deputies had been bribed by the East German Stasi): Brandt won the vote and stayed in office. Thus, the CDU continued its role as opposition for a total of thirteen years. In 1982, the FDP withdrew from the coalition with the SPD and allowed the CDU to regain power.

 Kohl era (1982–1998) 
CDU Chairman Helmut Kohl became the new Chancellor of West Germany and his CDU/CSU–FDP coalition was confirmed in the 1983 federal election.

After the collapse of the East German government in 1989, Kohl—supported by the governments of the United States and reluctantly by those of France and the United Kingdom—called for German reunification. On 3 October 1990, the government of East Germany was abolished and its territory acceded to the territory of the Basic Law already in place in West Germany. The East German CDU merged with its West German counterpart and elections were held for the reunified country. Public support for the coalition's work in the process of German reunification was reiterated in the 1990 federal election in which the CDU–FDP governing coalition experienced a clear victory. Although Kohl was re-elected, the party began losing much of its popularity because of an economic recession in the former GDR and increased taxes in the west. The CDU was nonetheless able to win the 1994 federal election by a narrow margin thanks to an economic recovery.
Kohl served as chairman until the party's electoral defeat in 1998, when he was succeeded by Wolfgang Schäuble. In the 1998 federal election, the CDU polled 28.4% and the CSU 6.7% of the national vote, the lowest result for those parties since 1949; a red–green coalition under the leadership of Gerhard Schröder took power until 2005.

 Merkel era (2000–2018) 
Schäuble resigned in early 2000 as a result of a party financing scandal and was replaced by Angela Merkel, the first woman and the first person from East Germany to lead the federal party. She remained the leader of the CDU for more than eighteen years. In the 2002 federal election, Merkel ceded the position of CDU/CSU's joint candidate for the chancellor's office to the leader of the sister party, Bavarian minister-president Edmund Stoiber. CDU and CSU polled slightly higher (29.5% and 9.0%, respectively), but still lacked the majority needed for a CDU–FDP coalition government and stayed in opposition.
In 2005, early elections were called after the CDU dealt the governing SPD a major blow, winning more than ten state elections, most of which were landslide victories. The resulting grand coalition between the CDU/CSU and the SPD faced a serious challenge stemming from both parties' demand for the chancellorship. After three weeks of negotiations, the two parties reached a deal whereby CDU received the chancellorship while the SPD retained 8 of the 16 seats in the cabinet and a majority of the most prestigious cabinet posts. The coalition deal was approved by both parties at party conferences on 14 November. Merkel was confirmed as the first female Chancellor of Germany by the majority of delegates (397 to 217) in the newly assembled Bundestag on 22 November. Since her first term in office, from 2005 to 2009, there have been discussions if the CDU was still "sufficiently conservative" or if it was "social-democratising". In March 2009, Merkel answered with the statement "Sometimes I am liberal, sometimes I am conservative, sometimes I am Christian-social—and this is what defines the CDU."Although the CDU/CSU lost support in the 2009 federal elections, their "desired partner" the FDP experienced the best election cycle in its history, thereby enabling a CDU/CSU–FDP coalition. This marked the first change of coalition partner by a Chancellor in German history and the first centre-right coalition government since 1998. CDU candidate Christian Wulff won the 2010 presidential election in the third ballot, while opposition candidate Joachim Gauck (a Protestant pastor and former anti-communist activist in East Germany, who was favoured even by some CDU members) received a number of "faithless" votes from the government camp.
The decisions to suspend conscription (late 2010) and to phase out nuclear energy (shortly after the Fukushima disaster in 2011) broke with long-term principles of the CDU, moving the party into a more socially liberal direction and alienating some of its more conservative members and voters. At its November 2011 conference the party proposed a "wage floor", after having expressly rejected minimum wages during the previous years. Psephologist and Merkel advisor Matthias Jung coined the term "asymmetric demobilisation" for the CDU's strategy (practised in the 2009, 2013 and 2017 campaigns) of adopting issues and positions close to its rivals, e.g. regarding social justice (SPD) and ecology (Greens), thus avoiding conflicts that might mobilise their potential supporters. Some of the promises in the CDU's 2013 election platform were seen as "overtaking the SPD on the left". While this strategy proved to be quite successful in elections, it also raised warnings that the CDU's profile would become "random", the party would lose its "essence" and it might even be dangerous for democracy in general if parties became indistinguishable and voters demotivated.
President Wulff resigned in February 2012 due to allegations of corruption, triggering an early presidential election. This time the CDU supported, reluctantly, nonpartisan candidate Joachim Gauck. The CDU/CSU–FDP coalition lasted until the 2013 federal election, when the FDP lost all its seats in the Bundestag while the CDU and CSU won their best result since 1990, only a few seats short of an absolute majority. This was partly due to the CDU's expansion of voter base to all socio-structural groups (class, age or gender), partly due to the personal popularity of Chancellor Merkel. After talks with the Greens had failed, the CDU/CSU formed a new grand coalition with the SPD.
Despite their long-cherished slogan of "There must be no democratically legitimised party to the right of CDU/CSU", the Union has had a serious competitor to its right since 2013. The right-wing populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) was founded with the involvement of disgruntled CDU members. It drew on the discontent of some conservatives with the Merkel administration's handling of the European debt crisis (2009–14) and later the 2015 refugee crisis, lamenting a purported loss of sovereignty and control or even "state failure". Nearly 10 percent of early AfD members were defectors from the CDU.In 2017, the Bundestag voted to legalise same-sex marriage. Merkel had allowed the conscience vote to happen despite her personal objections. While she herself and the majority of the party's representatives voted against the proposal, a number of CDU deputies supported it. In the 2017 election, the CDU and CSU lost a large portion of their voteshare: With 26.8 percent of party list votes, the CDU received its worst result since 1949, losing more than fifty seats in the Bundestag (despite an enlargement of the parliament). After failing to negotiate a coalition with the FDP and Greens, they continued their grand coalition with the SPD. In October 2018, Merkel announced that she would step down as leader of the CDU that December and not seek reelection, but wanted to remain as Chancellor until 2021.

 Post-Merkel (2018–present) 
On 7 December 2018, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer was elected as federal chairwoman of the CDU. Kramp-Karrenbauer was considered Merkel's ideological successor, though holding more socially conservative positions, such as opposition to same-sex marriage. Kramp-Karrenbauer's election saw a rise in support for the CDU in national polling, and her personal popularity was initially high. However, she suffered a sharp decline in popularity in the lead-up to the 2019 European Parliament election, in which the CDU/CSU suffered its worst ever result in a national election with just 29%. Kramp-Karrenbauer thereafter remained one of the least popular politicians nationally.The CSU's Manfred Weber was the Spitzenkandidat for the European People's Party in the 2019 European Parliament election. However, the EPP group ultimately nominated the CDU's Ursula von der Leyen as their candidate for President of the European Commission; she was elected in July 2019, becoming the first woman to hold the office.Kramp-Karrenbauer resigned as party chair on 10 February 2020, in the midst of the 2020 Thuringian government crisis. The Thuringian CDU had been perceived as cooperating with the Alternative for Germany (AfD) to prevent the election of a left-wing government, breaching the long-standing taboo in Germany surrounding cooperation with the far-right. Kramp-Karrenbauer was perceived as unable to enforce discipline within the party during the crisis, which she claimed was complicated by unclear positions within the party regarding cooperation with the AfD and The Left, which party statute holds to be equally unacceptable. While the Thuringia crisis was the immediate trigger for Kramp-Karrenbauer's resignation, she stated the decision had "matured some time ago", and media attributed it to the troubled development of her brief leadership.Kramp-Karrenbauer remained in office as Minister of Defence and interim party leader from February until the leadership election was held in January 2021. Originally scheduled for April 2020, it was delayed multiple times due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and was ultimately held online. Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia Armin Laschet won the election with 52.8% of delegate votes. His main opponent Friedrich Merz, was seen as more right-wing, who won 47.2% of vote; Merz had also run against Kramp-Karrenbauer in 2018 and been defeated. Laschet's election was seen as an affirmation of Merkel's leadership and the CDU's centrist orientation.On 7 October 2021, Armin Laschet, signaled that he would step down after a disastrous general election result, with the CDU suffering its worst general election result since the 1949 West German federal election. A new leadership election was called in December and Friedrich Merz, of the right-wing faction of the CDU, was elected by a large majority of 62,1% of voters, defeating pro-Merkel candidates Norbert Röttgen and Helge Braun. The Congress of the CDU officially elected Merz as new party Chairman on 22 January 2022, and he assumed office on 31 January 2022.

 Voter base 
While Adenauer and Erhard co-operated with non-Nazi parties to their right, the CDU has later worked to marginalize its right-wing opposition. The loss of anti-communism as a political theme, secularization and the cultural revolutions in West Germany occurring since the 1960s have challenged the viability of the CDU.
In her 2005 campaign, Angela Merkel was unwilling to express explicitly Christian views while maintaining that her party had never lost its concept of values. Merkel and Bundestag President Norbert Lammert have been keen to clarify that CDU references to the "dominant culture" imply "tolerance and living together". According to party analyst Stephan Eisel, her avoiding the values-issue may have had the opposite effect as she failed to mobilize the party's core constituency.The CDU applies the principles of Christian democracy and emphasizes the "Christian understanding of humans and their responsibility toward God". However, CDU membership consists of people adhering to a variety of religions as well as non-religious individuals. The CDU's policies derive from political Catholicism, Catholic social teaching and political Protestantism as well as economic liberalism and national conservatism. The party has adopted more liberal economic policies since Helmut Kohl's term in office as the Chancellor of Germany (1982–1998).
As a conservative party, the CDU supports stronger punishments of crimes and involvement on the part of the Bundeswehr in cases of domestic anti-terrorism offensives. In terms of immigrants, the CDU supports initiatives to integrate immigrants through language courses and aims to further control immigration. Dual citizenship should only be allowed in exceptional cases.
In terms of foreign policy, the CDU commits itself to European integration and a strong relation with the United States. In the European Union, the party opposes the entry of Turkey, preferring instead a privileged partnership. In addition to citing various human rights violations, the CDU also believes that Turkey's unwillingness to recognise Cyprus as an independent sovereign state contradicts the European Union policy that its members must recognise the existence of one another.
The CDU has governed in four federal-level and numerous state-level Grand Coalitions with the Social Democratic Party (SPD) as well as in state and local-level coalitions with the Alliance 90/The Greens. The CDU has an official party congress adjudication that prohibits coalitions and any sort of cooperation with either The Left or the Alternative for Germany.CDU officially prohibits any cooperation with the AfD, but does not clearly define what that means. In the eastern federal states, however, there is ongoing tolerance or cooperation of CDU at the local and district level with the right-wing radical AfD. CDU-head Friedrich Merz polarizes with political approaches to the AfD and called the CDU in 2023 one «Alternative with substance». Political observers from abroad say that the CDU's boundaries to the far right are eroding.

 Internal structure 

 Party congress 
The party congress is the highest organ of the CDU. It meets at least every two years, determines the basic lines of CDU policy, approves the party program and decides on the statutes of the CDU.
The CDU party congress consists of the delegates of the CDU regional associations, the foreign associations and the honorary chairmen. The state associations send exactly 1,000 delegates who have to be elected by the state or district conventions. The number of delegates that a regional association can send depends on the number of members of the association six months before the party congress and the result of the last federal election in the respective federal state. The foreign associations recognized by the federal executive committee each send a delegate to the party congress, regardless of their number of members.

 Federal committee 
The federal committee is the second highest body and deals with all political and organizational matters that are not expressly reserved for the federal party congress. For this reason it is often called a small party congress.

 Federal executive board and presidium 
The CDU federal executive heads the federal party. It implements the resolutions of the federal party congress and the federal committee and convenes the federal party congress. The CDU Presidium is responsible for executing the resolutions of the federal executive committee and handling current and urgent business. It consists of the leading members of the federal executive board and is not an organ of the CDU in Germany.

 Members 
Before 1966, membership totals in CDU organisation were only estimated. The numbers after 1966 are based on the total from 31 December of the previous year. In 2018, the CDU had 420,240 members.In 2012, the members' average age was 59 years. 6% of the Christian Democrats were under 30 years old. A 2007 study by the Konrad Adenauer Foundation showed that 25.4% of members were female and 74.6% male. Female participation was higher in the former East German states with 29.2% compared to 24.8% in the former West German states.

 Relationship with the CSU 
Both the CDU and the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU) originated after World War II, sharing a concern for the Christian worldview. In the Bundestag, the CDU is represented in a common faction with the CSU. This faction is called CDU/CSU, or informally the Union. Its basis is a binding agreement known as a Fraktionsvertrag between the two parties.
The CDU and CSU share a common youth organisation, the Junge Union, a common pupil organisation, the Schüler Union Deutschlands, a common student organisation, the Ring Christlich-Demokratischer Studenten and a common Mittelstand organisation, the Mittelstands- und Wirtschaftsvereinigung.
The CDU and CSU are legally and organisationally separate parties; their ideological differences are sometimes a source of conflict. The most notable and serious such incident was in 1976, when the CSU under Franz Josef Strauß ended the alliance with the CDU at a party conference in Wildbad Kreuth. This decision was reversed shortly thereafter when the CDU threatened to run candidates against the CSU in Bavaria.
The relationship of CDU to the CSU has historic parallels to previous Christian-democratic parties in Germany, with the Catholic Centre Party having served as a national Catholic party throughout the German Empire and the Weimar Republic while the Bavarian People's Party functioning as the Bavarian variant.Since its formation, the CSU has been more conservative than the CDU. The CSU and the state of Bavaria decided not to sign the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany as they insisted on more autonomy for the individual states. The CSU has actively participated in all political affairs of the Bundestag, the German government, the Bundesrat, the parliamentary elections of the German President, the European Parliament and meetings with Mikhail Gorbachev in Russia.

 Konrad Adenauer Foundation 
The Konrad Adenauer Foundation is the think-tank of the CDU. It is named after the first Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany and first president of the CDU. The foundation offers political education, conducts scientific fact-finding research for political projects, grants scholarships to gifted individuals, researches the history of Christian democracy and supports and encourages European unification, international understanding and development-policy cooperation. Its annual budget amounts to around 120 million euro and is mostly funded by taxpayer money.

 Special organizations 
Notable suborganisations of the CDU are the following:

Junge Union (JU), the common youth organisation of the CDU and the CSU.
Christian Democratic Employees' Association (CDA), an association in the tradition of Christian traded unionism, representing Christian-democratic wage earners.
Evangelical Working Group of the CDU/CSU (EAK, together with the CSU), representing the Protestant minority in the party.
Association of Christian Democratic Students (RCDS), the student organisation of the party.
Lesbian and Gay Members of the Union (LSU), neither an organization within the party (Vereinigung) nor an officially affiliated group (Sondergruppe) there of, as of Dec. 2020 party caucus vote still listed as "other" (Sonstige Gruppen), representing LGBT+ members of the CDU.

 Leadership 

 Leader of the CDU, 1946–present 

 Leader of the CDU/CSU Group in the Bundestag 

 Federal Presidents from the CDU 

 German Chancellors from the CDU 

 Vice-Chancellors from the CDU 

 Election results 

 Federal Parliament (Bundestag) 

 European Parliament 

 State parliaments (Länder) 
The CDU does not contest elections in Bavaria due to the alliance with Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union in Bavaria.

 See also 
Archive for Christian Democratic Policy
List of Christian democratic parties
List of political parties in Germany
Merkel-Raute, the signature gesture of Angela Merkel which is prominently featured in the CDU's campaign for the 2013 German federal election
Party finance in Germany

 References 

 Notes 

 Further reading 
Bösch, Frank (2004). Steven Van Hecke; Emmanuel Gerard (eds.). Two Crises, Two Consolidations? Christian Democracy in Germany. Leuven University Press. pp. 55–78. ISBN 90-5867-377-4. : |work= ignored (help)
Cary, Noel D. (1996). The Path to Christian Democracy: German Catholics and the Party System from Windthorst to Adenauer. Harvard University Press.
Green, Simon; Turner, Ed, eds. (2015). Understanding the Transformation of Germany's CDU. Routledge.
Kleinmann, Hans-Otto (1993). Geschichte der CDU: 1945–1982. Stuttgart: Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt. ISBN 3-421-06541-1.
Lappenküper, Ulrich (2004). Michael Gehler; Wolfram Kaiser (eds.). Between Concentration Movement and People's Party: The Christian Democratic Union of Germany. Routledge. pp. 21–32. ISBN 0-7146-5662-3. : |work= ignored (help)
Mitchell, Maria (2012). The Origins of Christian Democracy: Politics and Confession in Modern Germany. University of Michigan Press. ISBN 978-0-472-11841-0.
Wiliarty, Sarah Elise (2010). The CDU and the Politics of Gender in Germany: Bringing Women to the Party. Cambridge University Press.

 External links 
Official website of the Christlich Demokratische Union Deutschlands
Official website of the European People's Party

David Bowes-Lyon
Sir David Bowes-Lyon KCVO (2 May 1902 – 13 September 1961) was the tenth and youngest child and the sixth son of Claude Bowes-Lyon, 14th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne, and Cecilia Nina Cavendish-Bentinck. He was the younger brother of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and uncle to Queen Elizabeth II.

 Marriage and issue 
On 6 February 1929, David Bowes-Lyon married Rachel Pauline Spender-Clay (19 January 1907 – 21 January 1996), younger daughter of Herbert Henry Spender-Clay, they had two children:

Davina Katherine Bowes-Lyon (2 May 1930 – 1 November 2017); married on 14 January 1960 John Aymer Dalrymple, Viscount Dalrymple, later 13th Earl of Stair (9 October 1906 – 26 February 1996).
Sir Simon Alexander Bowes-Lyon (born 17 June 1932); married Caroline Mary Viktoria Pike (born 27 September 1940) on 11 April 1966

 Later life 
During World War II, Bowes-Lyon was a member of the secret propaganda department Political Warfare Executive. He was High Sheriff of Hertfordshire in 1950 and Lord Lieutenant of Hertfordshire from 1 July 1952 until his death.
On 15 December 1948, Bowes-Lyon attended the christening of his great-nephew Prince Charles. He was one of eight sponsors of the prince, along with King George VI, King Haakon VII of Norway, Queen Mary, Princess Margaret, the Dowager Marchioness of Milford Haven, Patricia, Lady Brabourne, and Prince George of Greece and Denmark. As a keen gardener, Bowes-Lyon was awarded the Victoria Medal of Honour in 1953 and served as president of the Royal Horticultural Society from 1953 to 1961. In 1960, he commanded the third World Orchid Conference.Bowes-Lyon was made a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in the 1959 Birthday Honours.

 Death 
Bowes-Lyon died at his sister Elizabeth's home, Birkhall, on the Balmoral estate, of a heart attack after suffering from hemiplegia on 13 September 1961, aged 59. The Queen Mother discovered him dead in bed. The funeral was held at Ballater, and he was buried at St Paul's Walden Bury. His widow died thirty-four years later on 21 January 1996, aged 89.

 Ancestry 

 References 

Dorota Banaszczyk
Dorota Banaszczyk born 1997 in Łódź, Poland) is a Polish karate athlete competing in kumite -55 kg division. Her biggest success is the gold medal of the world championships of seniors in 2018 in the kumite competition individually, cat. 55 kg.In 2017, she competed in the women's kumite 55 kg event at the 2017 World Games held in Wrocław, Poland.In June 2021, she competed at the World Olympic Qualification Tournament held in Paris, France hoping to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. In November 2021, she competed in the women's 61 kg event at the 2021 World Karate Championships held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

 Achievements 
2018
 Gold 24th World Karate championship - (ESP) - Kumite -55 kg2019
 Silver Karatei Premier League PARIS 2019 - (FRA) - Kumite -55 kg2017
 Gold 10th WKF Training Camp & Karatei Youth CUP (CRO) - Kumite -55 kg2017
 Bronze 4TH EKF Junior, Cadet and U21 Championship (BUL) - Kumite -55 kg2013
 Gold Karatei Premier League and Youth World Cup 2013 – Grand Final - Salzburg 2013 (AUT) - Kumite -55 kg

 References 

Tom Waits
Thomas Alan Waits (born December 7, 1949) is an American musician, composer, songwriter, and actor. His lyrics often focus on the underbelly of society and are delivered in his trademark deep, gravelly voice. He began in the folk scene during the 1970s, but his music since the 1980s has reflected the influence of such diverse genres as rock, country, Delta blues,  opera, vaudeville, cabaret, funk, hip hop and experimental techniques verging on industrial music. Per The Wall Street Journal, Waits “has composed a body of work that’s at least comparable to any songwriter’s in pop today. A keen, sensitive and sympathetic chronicler of the adrift and downtrodden, Mr. Waits creates three-dimensional characters who, even in their confusion and despair, are capable of insight and startling points of view. Their stories are accompanied by music that’s unlike any other in pop history.”Waits was born and raised in a middle-class family in California. Inspired by the work of Bob Dylan and the Beat Generation, he began singing on the San Diego folk circuit. He relocated to Los Angeles in 1972, where he worked as a songwriter before signing a recording contract with Asylum Records. His first albums were the jazzy Closing Time (1973), The Heart of Saturday Night (1974) and Nighthawks at the Diner (1975), which reflected his lyrical interest in poverty, criminality and nightlife. He repeatedly toured the United States, Europe and Japan, and found greater critical and commercial success with Small Change (1976), Blue Valentine (1978) and Heartattack and Vine (1980). During this period, Waits also enntered the world of film, acting in 1978's Paradise Alley (where he met a young story editor named Kathleen Brennan) and composing the   soundtrack for Francis Ford Coppola's One from the Heart (1982).
In 1980, Waits married Brennan, split from his manager and record label, and moved to New York City. With Brennan's encouragement and frequent collaboration, he pursued a more eclectic and experimental sound influenced by Harry Partch and Captain Beefheart, as heard on the loose trilogy Swordfishtrombones (1983), Rain Dogs (1985) and Franks Wild Years (1987). Waits starred in Jim Jarmusch's Down by Law (1986), lent his voice to his  Mystery Train (1989), composed the  soundtrack for his Night on Earth (1991) and appeared in his Coffee and Cigarettes (2003). He collaborated with Robert Wilson and William S. Burroughs on the "cowboy opera" The Black Rider (1990), the songs for which were released on  the album of the same name. Waits and Wilson collaborated again on Alice (1992) and Woyzeck (2000). Bone Machine (1992) and Mule Variations (1999) won Grammys for Best Alternative Music Album and Best Contemporary Folk Album, respectively. In 2002, the songs from Alice and Wozzeck were recorded and released on the albums Alice and Blood Money. Waits went on to release Real Gone (2004), the compilation Orphans: Brawlers, Bawlers & Bastards (2006), the live album Glitter and Doom Live (2009) and Bad as Me (2011).
Waits has influenced many artists and gained an international cult following. His songs have been covered by Bruce Springsteen, Tori Amos and the Ramones and he has written songs for Johnny Cash and Norah Jones, among others. In 2006, Waits and Brennan were ranked fourth on  Paste's list of the hundred greatest living songwriters. In 2011, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Introducing him, Neil Young said "This next man is indescribable, and I'm here to describe him. He's sort of a performer, singer, actor, magician, spirit guide, changeling... I think it's great that the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has recognized this immense talent. Could have been the motion picture hall of fame, could have been the blues hall of fame, could have been the performance artist hall of fame, but it was the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame that recognized the great Tom Waits." In accepting the award, Waits said "They say that I have no hits and that I'm difficult to work with. And they say that like it's a bad thing!"

 Biography 

 Childhood and adolescence: 1949–1968 
Thomas Alan Waits was born on December 7, 1949, in Whittier, California. He has one older sister and one younger sister. His father, Jesse Frank Waits, was a Texas native of Scots-Irish descent, and his mother, Alma Fern (née Johnson), hailed from Oregon and had Norwegian ancestry. Alma, a regular church-goer, managed the household. Jesse taught Spanish at a local school and was an alcoholic; Waits later related that his father was "a tough one, always an outsider." The family lived at 318 North Pickering Avenue in Whittier, California. He described having a "very middle-class" upbringing and "a pretty normal childhood". He attended Jordan Elementary School, where he was bullied. There, he learned to play the bugle and guitar. His father taught him to play the ukulele.During the summers, he visited maternal relatives in Gridley and Marysville. He later recalled that it was an uncle's raspy, gravelly voice that inspired his singing voice. In 1959, his parents separated and his father moved away from the family home, a traumatic experience for 10-year-old Waits. Alma took her children and relocated to Chula Vista, a middle-class suburb of San Diego. Jesse visited the family there, taking his children on trips to Tijuana. In nearby Southeast San Diego, Waits attended O'Farrell Community School, where he fronted a school band, the Systems, later describing the group as "white kids trying to get that Motown sound." He developed a love of R&B and soul singers like Ray Charles, and Wilson Pickett, as well as country music and Roy Orbison. Bob Dylan later became a strong influence; Waits placed transcriptions of Dylan's lyrics on his bedroom walls.Waits recalls, "I was fifteen and I snuck into see Lightnin' Hopkins. Amazing show. Every time he opened his mouth he had that orchestra of gold teeth, and I was devastated... He walked through a door, and slammed the door behind him, and on the door it said, I swear to God, 'KEEP OUT. This room is for entertainers ONLY.' And I knew, at that moment, that I had to get into show business as soon as possible." He recalls "I first saw James Brown in 1962 at an outdoor theatre in San Diego and it was indescribable... it was like putting a finger in a light socket... It was really like seeing mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Christmas." By the time he was studying at Hilltop High School, he later related, he was "kind of an amateur juvenile delinquent," interested in "malicious mischief" and breaking the law. He later described himself as a "rebel against the rebels" for he eschewed the hippie subculture which was growing in popularity and was instead inspired by the 1950s Beat generation, having a love of Beat writers like Jack Kerouac, Allen Ginsberg, and William S. Burroughs. In 1968, at age 18, he dropped out of high school. He was an avid watcher of Alfred Hitchcock Presents and The Twilight Zone. Another influence was the comedian Lenny Bruce.Waits worked at Napoleone's pizza restaurant in National City, California, and both there and at a local diner developed an interest in the lives of the patrons, writing down phrases and snippets of dialogue he overheard. He worked in the forestry service as a fireman for three years  and served with the Coast Guard. He enrolled at Chula Vista's Southwestern Community College to study photography, for a time considering a career in the field. He continued pursuing his musical interests, taking piano lessons. He began frequenting venues around San Diego, being drawn into the city's folk music scene.

 Early musical career: 1969–1976 
In 1969 he gained employment as an occasional doorman for the Heritage coffeehouse, which held regular performances from folk musicians. He also began to sing at the Heritage; his set initially consisted largely of covers of Dylan and Red Sovine's "Phantom 309".
In time, he performed his own material as well, often parodies of country songs or bittersweet ballads influenced by his relationships; these included early songs "Ol' 55" and "I Hope That I Don't Fall in Love With You". As his reputation spread, he played at other San Diego venues, supporting acts like Tim Buckley, Sonny Terry, Brownie McGhee, and his friend Jack Tempchin. Aware that San Diego offered little opportunity for career progression, Waits began traveling into Los Angeles to play at the Troubadour.
In the autumn of 1971, at the Troubadour in West Hollywood, Waits came to the attention of Herb Cohen, who signed him to a publishing contract and a recording contract. The recordings that were produced under that recording agreement were eventually released in the early 1990s as The Early Years and The Early Years, Volume Two. Quitting his job at Napoleone's to concentrate on his songwriting career, in early 1972 Waits moved to an apartment in Silver Lake, Los Angeles, a poor neighborhood known for its Hispanic and bohemian communities.
He continued performing at the Troubadour and there met David Geffen, who gave Waits a recording contract with his Asylum Records. Jerry Yester was chosen to produce his first album, with the recording sessions taking place in Hollywood's Sunset Sound studios. The resulting album, Closing Time, was released in March 1973, although it attracted little attention and did not sell well. Biographer Barney Hoskyns noted that Closing Time was "broadly in step with the singer-songwriter school of the early 1970s"; Waits had wanted to create a piano-led jazz album although Yester had pushed its sound in a more folk-oriented direction. Buckley covered "Martha" on his album Sefronia later that year. An Eagles recording of "Ol' 55" on their album On the Border brought Waits further money and recognition, although he regarded their version as "a little antiseptic".To promote his debut, Waits and a three-piece band embarked on a U.S. tour, largely on the East Coast, where he was the supporting act for more established artists. He supported Tom Rush at Washington D.C.'s The Cellar Door, Danny O'Keefe at Club Passim in Massachusetts, Charlie Rich at New York City's Max's Kansas City, Martha Reeves and the Vandellas in East Lansing, Michigan, and John P. Hammond in San Francisco.
Waits returned to Los Angeles in June, feeling demoralized about his career. That month, he was the cover star of free music magazine Music World. He began composing songs for his second album, and attended the Venice Poetry Workshop to try out this new material in front of an audience. Although Waits was eager to record this new material, Cohen instead convinced him to take over as a support act for Frank Zappa's the Mothers of Invention after previous support act Kathy Dalton pulled out due to the hostility from Zappa's fans. Waits joined Zappa's tour in Ontario, but like Dalton found the audiences hostile; while on stage he was jeered at and pelted with fruit. Although he liked the Mothers of Invention, he was intimidated by Zappa himself.
Waits moved from Silver Lake to Echo Park, spending much of his time in downtown Los Angeles. In early 1974, he continued to perform around the West Coast, getting as far as Denver. For Waits's second album, Geffen wanted a more jazz-oriented producer, selecting Bones Howe for the job. Howe recounts his first encounter with the young artist: "I told him I thought his music and lyrics had a Kerouac quality to them, and he was blown away that I knew who Jack Kerouac was. I told him I also played jazz drums and he went wild. Then I told him that when I was working for Norman Granz, Norman had found these tapes of Kerouac reading his poetry from The Beat Generation in a hotel room. I told Waits I'd make him a copy. That sealed it." Recording sessions for The Heart of Saturday Night took place at Wally Heider's Studio 3 on Cahuenga Boulevard in Hollywood in April and May, with Waits conceptualizing the album as a sequence of songs about U.S. nightlife. The album was far more widely reviewed than Closing Time had been. Waits himself was later dismissive of the album, describing it as "very ill-formed, but I was trying".After recording The Heart of Saturday Night, Waits reluctantly agreed to tour with Zappa again, but once more faced strong audience hostility. The kudos of having supported Zappa's tour nevertheless bolstered his image in the music industry and helped his career. In October 1974, he first performed as the headline act before touring the East Coast; in New York City he met and befriended the singer Bette Midler, with whom he had a sporadic affair. Back in Los Angeles, Cohen suggested Waits produce a live album. To this end, he performed two shows at the Record Plant Studio in front of a small invited audience to recreate the atmosphere of a jazz club. Again produced and engineered by Howe (as all his future Asylum releases would be), it was released as Nighthawks at the Diner in October 1975. The album cover and title were inspired by Edward Hopper's Nighthawks (1942).
He followed this with a week's residency at the Reno Sweeney nightclub, an off-Broadway–style club in New York City. In December he appeared on the PBS concert show Soundstage. From March to May 1976, he toured the U.S., telling interviewers that the experience was tough and that he was drinking too much alcohol. In May, he embarked on his first tour of Europe, performing in London, Amsterdam, Brussels, and Copenhagen. On his return to Los Angeles, he joined his friend Chuck E. Weiss, moving into the Tropicana motel in West Hollywood, which had an established reputation in rock music circles. Visitors noted his two-room apartment there was heavily cluttered. Waits told the Los Angeles Times that "You almost have to create situations in order to write about them, so I live in a constant state of self-imposed poverty".

 Small Change and Foreign Affairs: 1976–1978 
In July 1976, he recorded Small Change, again produced by Howe. He recalled it as a seminal episode in his development as a songwriter, the point when he became "completely confident in the craft". The album was critically well received and was his first release to break into the Billboard Top 100 Album List, peaking at 89. Per Bowman, Small Change "made it clear that Waits had evolved into a master storyteller, reflecting the influence of crime-noir writers such as Dashiell Hammett and John D. MacDonald. Arguably his first masterpiece, the album featured exquisite piano ballads such as 'Tom Traubert's Blues' and ‘The Piano Has Been Drinking (Not Me),’ the word-jazz of ‘Pasties and a G-String,’ and the tour-de-force tenor-sax-accompanied hucksterism of ‘Step Right Up.’” He received growing press attention, being profiled in Newsweek, Time, Vogue, and The New Yorker; he had begun to accrue a cult following. He went on tour to promote the new album, backed by the Nocturnal Emissions (Frank Vicari, Chip White and Fitz Jenkins). In reference to "Pasties and a G-String", a female stripper came onstage during his performances. He began 1977 by touring Japan for the first time.
Back in Los Angeles, he encountered various problems. One female fan, recently escaped from a mental health institution in Illinois, began stalking him and lurking outside his Tropicana apartment. In May 1977, Waits and close friend Chuck E. Weiss were arrested for fighting with police officers in a coffee shop. They were charged with two counts of disturbing the peace but were acquitted after the defense produced eight witnesses who refuted the police officers' account of the incident. In response, Waits sued the Los Angeles Police Department and five years later was awarded $7,500 in damages.In July and August 1977, he recorded his fourth studio album, Foreign Affairs; Bob Alcivar had been employed as its arranger. The album included "I Never Talk to Strangers", a duet with Midler, with whom he was still in an intermittent relationship. She appeared with him at the Troubadour to sing the song; the next day he repaid the favor by performing at a gay rights benefit at the Hollywood Bowl that Midler was involved with. Foreign Affairs was not as well received by critics as its predecessor, and unlike Small Change failed to make the Billboard Top 100 album chart. That year, he began a relationship with the singer-songwriter Rickie Lee Jones; their work and styles influenced each other. In October 1977, he returned to touring with the Nocturnal Emissions; it was on this tour that he first began using props onstage, in this case a street lamp. Again, he found the tour exhausting. In March 1978, he embarked on his second tour of Japan.During these years, Waits sought to broaden his career beyond music by involving himself in other projects. Waits became friends with the actor and director Sylvester Stallone and made his first cinematic appearance as a cameo part in Stallone's Paradise Alley (1978); Waits appeared as a drunken piano player. With Paul Hampton, Waits also began writing a movie musical, although this project never came to fruition. Another project he began at this time was a book about entertainers of the past whom he admired.

 Blue Valentine and Heartattack and Vine: 1978–1980 
In July 1978, Waits began the recording sessions for Blue Valentine. Part way through the sessions, he replaced his musicians to create a less jazz-oriented sound; for the album, he switched from a piano to an electric guitar as his main instrument. For the album's back cover, Waits used a picture of himself and Jones leaning against his car, a 1964 Ford Thunderbird, taken by Elliot Gilbert. Per Bowman, "Waits gradually began writing about junkies and prostitutes instead of skid-row drunks. In songs such as 'Christmas Card From a Hooker in Minneapolis’ and ‘Red Shoes by the Drugstore,’ his writing became ever more vivid, compact, and complex." From the album, Waits's first single was released, a performance of "Somewhere" from West Side Story, but it failed to chart. For his Blue Valentine tour, Waits assembled a new band; he also had a gas station built for use as a set during his performances. His support act on the tour was Leon Redbone. In April, he embarked on a European tour, there making television appearances and press interviews; in Austria he was the subject of a short documentary. From there, he flew to Australia for his first tour of that country before returning to Los Angeles in May.
Waits was dissatisfied with Elektra-Asylum, who he felt had lost interest in him as an artist in favor of their more commercially successful acts like the Eagles, Linda Ronstadt, Carly Simon, and Queen. Jones's musical career was taking off; after an appearance on Saturday Night Live, her single "Chuck E.'s In Love" reached number 4 in the singles chart, straining her relationship with Waits. Their relationship was further damaged by Jones's heroin addiction. Waits joined Jones for the first leg of her European tour, but then ended his relationship with her. Her grief at the breakup was channeled into the 1981 album Pirates. In September, Waits moved to Crenshaw Boulevard to be closer to his father, before deciding to relocate to New York City. He initially lived in the Chelsea Hotel before renting an apartment on West 26th Street. On arriving in the city, he told a reporter that he "just needed a new urban landscape. I've always wanted to live here. It's a good working atmosphere for me". He considered writing a Broadway musical based on Thornton Wilder's Our Town.Francis Ford Coppola asked Waits to return to Los Angeles to write a soundtrack for his forthcoming film, One from the Heart. Waits was excited, but conflicted, by the prospect; Coppola wanted him to create music akin to his early work, a genre that he was trying to leave behind, and thus he characterized the project as an artistic "step backwards". He nevertheless returned to Los Angeles to work on the soundtrack in a room set aside for the purpose in Coppola's Hollywood studios. This style of working was new to Waits; he later recalled that he was "so insecure when I started ... I was sweating buckets". Waits was nominated for the 1982 Academy Award for Original Music Score.
Waits still contractually owed Elektra-Asylum another album, so took a break from Coppola's project to write an album that he initially called White Spades. He recorded the album in June; it was released in September as Heartattack and Vine. The album was more guitar-based and had, according to Humphries, "a harder R&B edge" than any of its predecessors. It again broke into the Top 100 Album Chart, peaking at number 96. Reviews were generally good. Hoskyns called it "one of Waits's pinnacle achievements" as an album. One of its tracks, "Jersey Girl", was subsequently recorded by Bruce Springsteen. Waits was grateful, both for the revenue that the cover brought him and because he felt appreciated by a songwriter he admired. While on the set of One from the Heart, Waits encountered Kathleen Brennan, a young Irish-American woman working as an assistant story editor. The two had previously met while Waits was filming Paradise Alley.   Waits would later describe this encounter with Brennan as "love at first sight"; they were engaged to be married within a week. In August 1980, they married at a 24-hour wedding chapel on Manchester Boulevard in Watts before honeymooning in Tralee, a town in County Kerry, Ireland, where Brennan had family.

 Swordfishtrombones and New York City: 1980–1984 

Returning to Los Angeles, Waits and Brennan moved into a Union Avenue apartment. Hoskyns noted that with Brennan, "Waits had found the stabilizing, nurturing companion he'd always wanted", and that she brought him "a sense of emotional security he had never known" before. At the same time, many of his old friends felt cut off after his marriage. Waits said of Brennan, "She rescued me. Maybe I rescued her too; that's often how it works. Upshot is that we both got into the same leaky boat. Maybe the weight drags it down, because now you've two people sitting in it. Sorry, baby! But on the other hand you've also got two peoples' imagination to patch it up again. Everybody knows she's the brains behind Pa, as Dylan might have said. I'm just the figurehead. She's the one who's steering the ship."Recording of Waits's One from the Heart soundtrack began in October 1980 and continued until September 1981. A number of the tracks were recorded as duets with Crystal Gayle; Waits had initially planned to duet with Midler but she proved unavailable. The film was released in 1982, to largely poor reviews. Waits makes a small cameo in it, playing a trumpet in a crowd scene. Waits's soundtrack album was released by Columbia Records in 1982. Waits had misgivings about the album, thinking it over-produced. Humphries thought that working with Coppola was an important move in Waits's career: it "led directly to Waits moving from cult (i.e. largely unknown) artiste to center-stage."
Newly married and with his Elektra-Asylum contract completed, Waits decided that it was time to artistically reinvent himself. He wanted to move away from using Howe as his producer, although the two parted on good terms. With Brennan's help, he began the process of firing Cohen as his manager, with he and Brennan taking on managerial responsibilities themselves. He came to believe that Cohen had been swindling him out of much of his earnings, later relating that "I thought I was a millionaire and it turned out I had, like, twenty bucks." Waits credited Brennan with introducing him to much new music, most notably Captain Beefheart, a key influence on the direction in which he wanted to take his music. He later said that "once you've heard Beefheart it's hard to wash him out of your clothes. It stains, like coffee or blood." She also introduced him to Harry Partch, a composer who created his own instruments out of everyday materials. Waits began to use images rather than moods or characters as the basis for his songs.

Waits wrote the songs which would be recorded for Swordfishtrombones during a two-week trip to Ireland. He recorded it at Sunset Sound studios and produced it himself; Brennan often attended the sessions and gave him advice. Swordfishtrombones abandoned the jazz sound characteristic of his earlier work; it was his first album not to feature a saxophone and his first to use the marimba. When the album was finished, he took it to Asylum, but they declined to release it. Waits wanted to leave the label; in his view, "They liked dropping my name in terms of me being a 'prestige' artist, but when it came down to it they didn't invest a whole lot in me in terms of faith".  Chris Blackwell of Island Records learned of Waits's dissatisfaction and approached him, offering to release Swordfishtrombones; Island had a reputation for signing more experimental acts, such as King Crimson, Roxy Music, and Sparks. Waits did not tour to promote the album, partly because Brennan was pregnant. Although not enthusiastic regarding the new trend for music videos, he appeared in one for the song "In the Neighborhood", co-directed by Haskell Wexler and Michael A. Russ. Russ also designed the Swordfishtrombones album cover, featuring an image of Waits with Lee Kolima, a circus strongman, and Angelo Rossitto, a dwarf.Jon Parles of GQ wrote that "On Swordfishtrombones, Waits has made a breakthrough – he’s found music as evocative as his words. Waits’s grumble of a voice now bounces off a peculiar assortment of horns and percussion and organ and keyboards, as if he’d led a Salvation Army band into a broken-down Hong Kong disco. It’s as if he’s shifted from monologues to screenplays.” According to David Smay, Swordfishtrombones was "the record where Tom Waits radically reinvented himself and reshaped the musical landscape." The album was critically well received; NME named it the second best album of the year. In 1989, Spin named it the second greatest album of all time.In 1983, Waits appeared in three more Coppola films: as Benny, a philosopher running a billboard store in Rumble Fish; as Buck Merrill in The Outsiders; and as the maître'd in The Cotton Club. He later said that "Coppola is actually the only film director in Hollywood that has a conscience ... most of them are egomaniacs and money-grabbing bastards". In September, Brennan gave birth to their daughter, Kellesimone. Waits was determined to keep his family life separate from his public image and to spend as much time as possible with his daughter. With Brennan and their child, Waits moved to New York City to be closer to Brennan's parents and Island's U.S. office. They settled into a loft apartment near Union Square.Waits found New York City life frustrating, although it allowed him to meet many new musicians and artists. He befriended John Lurie of The Lounge Lizards, and the duo began sharing a music studio in the Westbeth artist-community building in Greenwich Village. He began networking in the city's arts scene, and, at a party Jean-Michel Basquiat held for Lurie, he met the filmmaker Jim Jarmusch.

 Rain Dogs and Franks Wild Years: 1985–1988 
Starting in the mid-80s, Kurt Weill became an important influence on Waits's work. Bowman writes that "Waits had become interested in Weill’s late-1920s and 1930s musical-theater works... Weill’s slightly off-kilter, stylized cabaret approach to melody, rhythm, orchestration, and musical narrative permeated much of Waits’s subsequent work.” Waits did the soundtrack for the documentary Streetwise, about homeless youth in Seattle; it was another influence on the subjects of his next album. Rain Dogs was recorded at the RCA Studios in mid 1985. Musically, Waits called the album "kind of an interaction between Appalachia and Nigeria". Keith Richards played on several tracks; Richards later acknowledged Waits's encouragement of his debut solo album, Talk is Cheap. Rain Dogs also marked Marc Ribot's debut as a session guitarist; he would play on many subsequent Waits albums. Filmmaker Jean-Baptiste Mondino directed a music video of "Downtown Train" featuring boxer Jake LaMotta. The song was subsequently covered by Patty Smyth in 1987, and later by Rod Stewart, where it reached the top five in 1990. In 1985, Rolling Stone named Waits its "Songwriter of the Year". Arion Berger wrote that "With Rain Dogs, he dropped his bedraggled lounge-piano act and fused outsider influences -- socialist decadence by way of Kurt Weill, pre-rock integrity from old dirty blues, the elegiac melancholy of  New Orleans funeral brass -- into a singularly idiosyncratic American style...The music is bony and menacingly beautiful, the desultory electric-guitar solo as cold as the rattle of marimbas in 'Clap Hands.' The evocative, elliptical rhymes describe scenes and characters with poetic precision but use atmosphere, not narrative, to connect them." NME named Rain Dogs the best album of the year.In September 1985, his son Casey was born. Waits assembled a band and went on tour, kicking it off in Scotland in October before proceeding around Europe and then the U.S. He changed the setlist for each performance; most of the songs chosen were from his two Island albums. Returning to the U.S., he traveled to New Orleans to act in Jarmusch's Down by Law. Jarmusch wrote Down by Law with Waits and Lurie in mind; they played two of the three main roles, with Roberto Benigni as the third. The film opened and closed with songs from Rain Dogs. Jarmusch noted that "Tom and I have a kindred aesthetic. An interest in unambitious people, marginal people." The pair developed a friendship; Waits called Jarmusch "Dr Sullen", while Jarmusch called Waits "The Prince of Melancholy".
Waits had devised a musical, Franks Wild Years, loosely based on "Frank's Wild Years" from Swordfishtrombones. In late 1985, he reached an agreement that the play would be performed by the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago's Briar Street Theatre Waits starred as Frank, who he described as "Quite a guy. Grew up in a bird's eye frozen, oven-ready, rural American town where Bing, Bob, Dean, Wayne & Jerry are considered major constellations. Frank, mistakenly, thinks he can stuff himself into their shorts and present himself to an adoring world. He is a combination of Will Rogers and Mark Twain, playing accordion -- but without the wisdom they possessed. He has a poet's heart and a boy's sense of wonder with the world. A legend in Rainville since he burned his house down and took off for the Big Time." Reviews were generally positive. He had initially considered a run in New York City but decided against it. The songs from the show were recorded at for his ninth studio album, Franks Wild Years, and released by Island in 1987. NME ranked Franks Wild Years fifth on its list of albums of the year. The album was Waits's first collaboration with David Hidalgo, who played accordion on "Cold, Cold Ground" and "Train Song". After its release, Waits toured North America and Europe, his last full tour for two decades. Two of these performances were the basis for Chris Blum's concert film Big Time (1988).Waits continued interacting and working with other artists he admired. He was a great fan of The Pogues and went on a Chicago pub crawl with them in 1986. The following year, he appeared as a master of ceremonies on several dates of Elvis Costello's "Wheel of Fortune" tour.

In 1986, he took a small part in Candy Mountain, as millionaire golf enthusiast Al Silk. He costarred in Hector Babenco's Ironweed, as Rudy the Kraut. Hoskyns noted that Ironweed put Waits "on the mainstream Hollywood map as a character actor". In Fall 1987, Waits and his family left New York and returned to Los Angeles, settling on Union Avenue. He appeared as a hitman in Robert Dornhelm's Cold Feet and lent his voice to Jarmusch's Mystery Train.Although Waits had provided a voice-over for a 1981 television advert for Butcher's Blend dog food, he objected to musicians letting companies use their songs in advertising; he said that "artists who take money for ads poison and pervert their songs". In November 1988, he brought a lawsuit against Frito-Lay for using an impersonator performing "Step Right Up" in an advertisement for Doritos; it came to court in April 1990, and Waits won the case in 1992. He received a $2.6 million settlement, a sum larger than his earnings from all of his previous albums combined. This earned him and Brennan reputations as tireless adversaries.

 The Black Rider, Bone Machine, and Alice: 1989–1998 

In 1989, Waits began planning a collaboration with Robert Wilson, a theater director he had known throughout the 1980s. Their project was the "cowboy opera" The Black Rider. It was based on a German folk tale, the Freischütz, which had inspired Carl Maria von Weber's opera Der Freischütz (1821). In 2004, Waits related that "Wilson is my teacher. There's nobody that's affected me that much as an artist". Waits wrote the music and, at the suggestion of Allen Ginsberg, Waits and Wilson approached William S. Burroughs to pen the lyrics. They flew to Kansas to meet with Burroughs, who agreed to join the project. Waits traveled to Hamburg in May 1989 to work on the project, and was later joined there by Burroughs. The Black Rider debuted in Hamburg's Thalia Theater in March 1990. On completing its run at the Thalia, the play went on an international tour, with a second run of performances occurring in the mid-2000s.In June 1989, Waits travelled to London to play a Punch and Judy puppeteer in Ann Guedes's film Bearskin: An Urban Fairytale. He proceeded to Ireland, where he was joined by Brennan and spent time with her family. In December 1989, he began a stint as Curly, a mobster's son, at the Los Angeles Theater Center production of Thomas Babe's play Demon Wine. Over the next four years, he made seven film appearances. He nevertheless repeatedly told press that he did not see himself as an actor, but only as someone who did some acting. He made a brief appearance as a plainclothes cop in The Two Jakes (1990) and played a disabled war veteran in Terry Gilliam's The Fisher King (1991). He had a cameo in Steve Rash's Queens Logic (1991) and played a pilot-for-hire in Héctor Babenco's At Play in the Fields of the Lord (1991).  He appeared as himself fishing with John Lurie on Fishing with John. He was Renfield in Coppola's Bram Stoker's Dracula (1992). Waits starred as Earl Piggot, an alcoholic limousine driver, in Robert Altman's Short Cuts (1993). Hoskyns said that this "may be the best performance Waits ever gave as an actor."In 1991, Waits and his family moved to the outskirts of Sonoma. Waits's family later relocated to a secluded house near Valley Ford after a bypass road was built near to their first Sonoma County house. Also in 1991, 13 of Waits's 1971 pre-Asylum Records recordings were released for the first time on the first volume of  Tom Waits: The Early Years. Waits was angered at this, describing many of his early demos as "baby pictures" that he would not want released. A second volume with 13 more recordings from 1971 was released in 1993. In April 1992, Waits released the soundtrack album to Jarmusch's Night on Earth. Largely instrumental, it had been recorded at the Prairie Sun studio in Cotati. In 1992, Waits quit drinking alcohol and joined Alcoholics Anonymous. In the early 1990s he took part in several charitable causes. In 1990 he contributed a song to the HIV/AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Blue and later appeared at a Wiltern Theater fundraising show for the victims of the 1992 Los Angeles riots.
In August 1992, Waits released his tenth studio album, Bone Machine. Waits wanted to explore "more machinery sounds" with the album, reflecting his interest in industrial music. It was recorded in an old storage room at Prairie Sun.
Waits recalled: "I found a great room to work in, it's just a cement floor and a hot water heater. Okay, we'll do it here. It's got some good echo."  Eight of the album's tracks were co-written with Brennan. The cover was co-designed by Waits and Jesse Dylan. Jarmusch and Dylan directed videos for "I Don't Wanna Grow Up", and "Goin' Out West", respectively. Critic Steve Huey called it "perhaps Tom Waits's most cohesive album ... a morbid, sinister nightmare, one that applied the quirks of his experimental '80s classics to stunningly evocative—and often harrowing—effect ... Waits's most affecting and powerful recording, even if it isn't his most accessible."  The album's closing track, "That Feel", was co-written with Keith Richards. Bone Machine won the  Grammy for Best Alternative Music Album; in response, Waits asked Jarmusch: "alternative to what?!"Waits decided to record an album of the songs written for The Black Rider, and did so at Los Angeles's Sunset Sound Factory. The Black Rider was released in the fall of 1993. Waits and Wilson decided to collaborate again, this time on an operatic treatment of Lewis Carroll's relationship with Alice Liddell, who had provided the inspiration for Alice in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass. Again scheduled to premier at the Thalia, they began working on the project in Hamburg in early 1992. Waits characterized the songs he wrote for the play as "adult songs for children, or children's songs for adults". In his lyrics, Waits drew on his increasing interest in freak shows and the physically deformed. He thought the play itself was about "repression, mental illness and obsessive, compulsive disorders". Alice premiered at the Thalia in December 1992.In early 1993, Brennan was pregnant with Waits's third child, Sullivan. He decided to reduce his workload so as to spend more time with his children; this isolation spawned rumours that he was seriously ill or had separated from his wife. For three years, he turned down all offers to perform gigs or appear in movies. However, he made several cameos and guest appearances on albums by musicians he admired. In February 1996, he held a benefit performance to raise funds for the legal defense of his friend Don Hyde, who had been charged with distributing LSD. He also contributed two songs to the soundtrack album of the film Dead Man Walking, released that year. He contributed "Little Drop of Poison" to the 1997 film The End of Violence. In 1998, Island released Beautiful Maladies, a compilation of 23 Waits tracks from his five albums with the company; he selected the tracks himself.

 Mule Variations and Woyzeck: 1999–2003 
After his contract with Island expired, Waits decided not to try to renew it, particularly as Blackwell had resigned from the company. He signed to a smaller record label, Anti-, recently launched as an offshoot of the punk-label Epitaph Records. He described the company as "a friendly place". The president of Anti-, Andy Kaulkin, said the label was "blown away that Tom would even consider us. We are huge fans." Waits himself praised the label: "Epitaph is a label run by and for artists and musicians, where it feels much more like a partnership than a plantation ... We shook on the deal over a coffee in a truck stop. I know it's going to be an adventure."In March 1999, Anti- released his album Mule Variations. Waits had been recording the tracks at Prairie Sun since June 1998. The tracks often dealt with themes involving rural life in the United States and were influenced by the early blues recordings made by Alan Lomax; Waits coined the term "surrural" ("surreal" and "rural") to describe the album's content. Mule Variations reached number 30 on the U.S. Billboard 200, the highest showing of a Waits album. The album was well received, being named "Album of the Year" by Mojo. It won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album. On the categorization of the album as folk music, Waits said: "That's not a bad thing to be called if you've got to be in some kind of category."Also in March 1999, Waits gave his first live show in three years at Paramount Theater, Austin, Texas as part of the South by Southwest festival. He subsequently appeared in an episode of VH1 Storytellers. In the later part of the year he embarked on the Mule Variations tour, primarily in the U.S. but also featuring dates in Berlin. In October, he performed at Neil Young's annual Bridge School benefit concert. That year, he appeared in Kinka Usher  comic book spoof Mystery Men, as Dr A. Heller, an eccentric inventor living in an abandoned amusement park.In 2000, Waits began writing songs for Wilson's adaptation of Georg Büchner's Woyzeck, which had earlier inspired Alban Berg's opera Wozzeck (1925). It was scheduled to start at the Betty Nansen Theater in Copenhagen in November 2000. He initially worked on the songs at home before traveling to Copenhagen for rehearsals in October. Waits stated that he liked the play because it was "a proletariat story  ... about a poor soldier who is manipulated by the government". He decided to then record the songs he had written for both Alice and Woyzeck, placing them on separate albums. For these recordings, he brought in a range of jazz and avant-garde musicians from San Francisco. The two albums, Alice and Blood Money, were released simultaneously in May 2002. Alice entered the U.S. album chart at number 32 and Blood Money at number 33, his highest charting positions at that time. Waits described Alice as being "more metaphysical or something, maybe more water, more feminine", while Blood Money was "more earthbound, more carnival, more the slaving meat-wheel that we're all on". Of the two, Alice was better received by critics.
Jesse Dylan directed a video for "God's Away On Business", but shooting was delayed when the  emus who were set to star were eaten by coyotes. Per NME, "Replacements were hastily found and the video for ‘God’s Away On Business’, the single lifted from ‘Blood Money’, one of Waits’ two new albums, went ahead a little late."In May 2001, Waits accepted a Founders Award at the 18th annual American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) Pop Music Awards in a ceremony at Los Angeles's Beverly Hilton Hotel. That same month, he joined singers Nancy and Ann Wilson (of Heart), as well as Randy Newman, in launching a $40 million lawsuit against mp3.com for copyright infringement. In September 2002, he appeared at a hearing on accounting practices within the music industry in California. There, he expressed satisfaction with Anti- but declared more broadly that "the record companies are like cartels. It's a nightmare to be trapped in one."In September 2003, Waits performed at the Healing the Divide fundraiser in New York City. He appeared in Jarmusch's Coffee and Cigarettes (2003), having a conversation with Iggy Pop.

 Real Gone and Orphans: 2004–2011 
In 2004, Waits released his fifteenth studio album, Real Gone. Waits had recorded it in an abandoned schoolhouse in Locke. Hoskyns called the album Waits's "roughest, most unkempt music to date". It incorporated Waits beatboxing, a technique he had picked up from his growing interest in hip hop. Humphries characterized it as "the most overtly political album of Waits's career". It featured three political songs expressing Waits's anger at the presidency of George W. Bush and the Iraq War. He said that "I'm not a politician. I keep my mouth shut because I don't want to put my foot in it. But at a certain point, saying absolutely nothing is a political statement of its own." Real Gone received largely positive reviews. It made the Billboard Top 30 as well as the Top 10 in several European album charts, also earning him a nomination for Best International Male Solo Artist at the 2005 Brit Awards. In October 2004, he launched a tour in Vancouver before heading to Europe, where his shows were sell-outs: his only London gig saw 78,000 applications for around 3,700 available tickets. Per Bowman, "Much of Real Gone was built around oral-percussion home recordings that Waits made in his bathroom, using his mouth as a human beat-box. A superb example is the bed track underpinning the hellacious groove of ‘Metropolitan Glide’ that Waits aptly described as ‘cubist funk.’ In stark contrast, the album’s closing track, 'Day After Tomorrow,' returned Waits to his singer-songwriter roots, and features a beautiful melody that sounds eerily similar to Dylan’s early acoustic work."After several years without film appearances, he played a gun-toting Seventh-day Adventist in Tony Scott's Domino (2005). Later that year, he traveled to Italy to appear in Benigni's The Tiger and the Snow. He followed this with a performance as an angel posing as a tramp in Wristcutters: A Love Story (2007). In the summer of 2006, Waits embarked on his "Orphans" tour of southern and Midwest states. His son Casey played in the band accompanying him on tour. In 2006, he issued Orphans: Brawlers, Bawlers & Bastards, a 54-song three-disc box set of rarities, unreleased tracks and new compositions; Waits described its contents as "songs that fell behind the stove while making dinner." The first disc, Brawlers, consists of raucous rock and  blues-based numbers; the second, Bawlers, of melancholic country songs  and ballads; the third, Bastards, of stories, spoken word pieces and other works not so easily categorized. Orphans made the top ten in several European charts. In 2006, Waits was a guest on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, where he played "Day After Tomorrow".
In January 2008, Waits performed at a benefit for Bet Tzedek Legal Services—The House of Justice, a nonprofit poverty law center, in Los Angeles.
That year, Waits embarked on his Glitter and Doom Tour, starting in the U.S. and moving to Europe. Both of his sons played with him on the tour. At the June concert in El Paso, Texas, Waits was presented with the key to the city. Approached by a police officer, he said "I paid all those tickets!" Breaking character, he said “This is a first for me, a real first.” In 2009, he released  the two-disc Glitter and Doom Live. He continued acting, playing Mr Nick in Gilliam's The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus (2009) and Engineer in The Book of Eli (2010), a post-apocalyptic film by the Hughes brothers.Waits found himself in a situation similar to his earlier one with Frito Lay in 2000 when Audi approached him, asking to use "Innocent When You Dream" for a commercial broadcast in Spain. Waits declined, but the commercial ultimately featured music very similar to that song. Waits undertook legal action, and a Spanish court recognized that there had been a violation of Waits's moral rights in addition to the infringement of copyright. The production company, Tandem Campmany Guasch, was ordered to pay compensation to Waits through his Spanish publisher. Waits later joked that they got the name of the song wrong, thinking it was called "Innocent When You Scheme". In 2005, Waits sued Adam Opel AG, claiming that, after having failed to sign him to sing in their Scandinavian commercials, they had hired a sound-alike singer. In 2007, the suit was settled, and Waits gave his proceeds to charity.

 Bad as Me and later work: 2011–present 
In 2010, Waits was reported to be working on a new stage musical with director and long-time collaborator Robert Wilson and playwright Martin McDonagh.In early 2011, Waits completed a set of 23 poems, Seeds on Hard Ground, which were inspired by Michael O'Brien's portraits of the homeless in his book, Hard Ground. O'Brien's book included the poems alongside the portraits. In anticipation of the book release, Waits and ANTI- printed limited edition chapbooks of the poems to raise money for Redwood Empire Food Bank, a homeless referral and family support service in Sonoma County, California. As of January 26, 2011, four editions, each limited to 1,000 copies, sold out, raising $90,000 for the food bank. On February 24, 2011, it was announced via Waits's official website that he had begun work on his next studio album. Waits said through his website that on August 23 he would "set the record straight" in regards to rumors of a new release. On August 23, the title of the new album was revealed to be Bad as Me, and the lead single and title track started being offered via Amazon.com and other sites. The album was released on October 24.
In March 2011, Waits was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by Neil Young. In his acceptance speech, Waits said "I’d like to thank my family. They know me and they love me anyway. My wife and her incandescent light that has guided me and kept me alive and breathing and sparkling. And my kids who, well, they taught me everything I know. Or maybe they taught me everything they know. I don’t know. They taught me a lot."In 2012, Waits had a supporting role in  Martin McDonagh's crime comedy Seven Psychopaths as a retired serial killer. In 2013, he lent his voice to The Simpsons episode "Homer Goes to Prep School" as a survivalist. On May 5, 2013, he joined the Rolling Stones on stage at the Oracle Arena in Oakland, California, to duet with Mick Jagger on Willie Dixon's "Little Red Rooster". On October 27, 2013, Waits performed at the 27th annual Bridge School Benefit concert in Mountain View California; Rolling Stone called his performance a "triumph".Over the years, Waits made six appearances on the Late Show with David Letterman, and on May 14, 2015, sang "Take One Last Look" on the show's fifth to last broadcast. He was accompanied by Larry Taylor on upright bass and Gabriel Donohue on piano accordion, with the horn section of the CBS Orchestra. In 2016, Waits pursued litigation against French artist Bartabas, who had used several of his songs as a backdrop to a theatrical performance. Claims and counterclaims were made, with Bartabas claiming to have sought and been granted permission to use the material (and to have paid $400,000 for the privilege) but with Waits claiming that his identity had been stolen. The court ruled in Bartabas's favor, and the circus performance was allowed to continue, although the threat of further litigation meant that it was not performed outside France and the resulting DVD release does not contain Waits's material.In 2018, Waits had a feature role in The Ballad of Buster Scruggs, a  Western anthology film by the Coen brothers, as the Prospector. Also in 2018, Waits provided the recorded narration for performances of Martin McDonagh's play A Very Very Very Dark Matter, which was performed at the Bridge Theatre, London. In 2021, Waits had a supporting role in Paul Thomas Anderson's coming-of-age film Licorice Pizza. In 2023, he joined Iggy Pop on the Confidential Show, where they swapped stories and songs.

 Musical style 
Per Bowman, Waits "has never been of his time, ahead of his time, or, for that matter, locked into any particular time. An outsider artist before the term was in common use, Waits has been enamored, at various points in his career, with the cool of 1940s and 1950s jazz; the 1950s and 1960s word-jazz and poetry of such Beat and Beat-influenced writers as Jack Kerouac, Lord Buckley, and Charles Bukowski; the primal rock & roll crunch of the Rolling Stones; the German cabaret stylings of Kurt Weill; the postwar, alternate world of invented instruments and rugged individualism of avant-garde composer Harry Partch; the proto-metal blues of 1950s and 1960s Howlin' Wolf and their extension into the world of Captain Beefheart's late-1960s avant-rock; the archaic formalism of 19th-century  parlor ballads;  Dylan's early- and mid-sixties transformation of the possibilities of language in the worlds of both  folk and  rock; the elegance of pre-war Irving Berlin, Cole Porter, and Hoagy Carmichael; the sophistication of postwar Frank Sinatra; and, more recently, the bone-crushing grooves of 1980s and 1990s funk and hip-hop. Indeed, the art of Tom Waits has altogether transcended time and, to some degree, place."
Asked about the distinction between words and music, he says:  "I'm still a word guy. I'm drawn to people who use a certain vernacular and communicate with words. Words are music, really. I mean, people ask me, 'Do you write music or do you write words?' But you don't really, it's all one thing at its best." His work was influenced by his voracious reading and by conversations that he overheard in diners. In addition to Kerouac and  Bukowski, literary influences include Nelson Algren, John Rechy, and Hubert Selby Jr. Bowman notes the influence of crime writers like Dashiell Hammett and John D. Macdonald. He says that "for a songwriter, Dylan is as essential as a hammer and nails and saw are to a carpenter." Musical influences include Randy Newman and Dr. John. He has praised Merle Haggard: "Want to learn how to write songs? Listen to Merle Haggard." He is an opera lover, and recalls  hearing Puccini's "Nessun dorma" "in the kitchen at Coppola's with Raul Julia one night, and it changed my life, that particular Aria... It was like giving a cigar to a five-year old." A jazz influence is Thelonious Monk: "He almost sounded like a kid taking piano lessons. I could relate to that when I first started playing the piano, because he was decomposing the music while he was playing it."Waits described his voice as being "the sand in the sandwich." By 1982, Waits's musical style shifted; Hoskyns noted that this new style "was fashioned out of diverse and disparate ingredients." This new style was influenced by Beefheart and Partch. Noting that he had a "gravelly timbre" to his voice, Humphries characterized Waits's voice as one that "sounds like it was hauled through Hades in a dredger." His voice was described by critic Daniel Durchholz as sounding as though "it was soaked in a vat of bourbon, left hanging in the smokehouse for a few months, and then taken outside and run over with a car." Rolling Stone also noted his "rusted plow-blade voice." One of Waits's own favorite descriptions of his vocal style was "Louis Armstrong and Ethel Merman meeting in Hell." Humphries cited him, alongside Newman, Kris Kristofferson and John Prine, as a number of U.S. singers who followed Dylan in breaking away from conventional styles of popular music and singing with their "distinctive" voices. Waits can sing in falsetto, as heard on "Shore Leave", "Temptation" and "All Stripped Down". Bowman writes: "On tracks such as Bone Machine's 'Dirt in the Ground,' he restricted his vocal to a haunting, otherworldly falsetto." Waits said he couldn't sing in falsetto until after he quit smoking, adding "Nobody does it like Mick Jagger; nobody does it like  Prince."He is known for his eclectic use of instruments, some of his own devising. On Swordfishtrombones, his orchestration included talking drums, bagpipes, banjo, bass marimba and glass harmonica; on Rain Dogs, accordion and harmonium; on Franks Wild Years, glockenspiel, Mellotron, Farfisa and Optigan; on Bone Machine and Mule Variations, the Chamberlin; on The Black Rider, the singing saw; on Alice, the Stroh violin; on Blood Money, a 57-whistle pneumatic calliope and an Indonesian seedpod. He explains "I use things we hear around us all the time, built and found instruments. Things that aren't normally considered instruments: dragging a chair across the floor or hitting the side of a locker real hard with a two-by-four, a freedom bell, a brake drum with a major imperfection, a police bullhorn. It's more interesting. I don't like straight lines. The problem is that most instruments are square and music is always round." As he later put it,  "A lot of things are instruments and they don't even know it."Humphries described "Waitsworld" as a place of "the ricocheted romantics bent out of shape by a broad who should have known better; the twisted psychotics; the loners; the losers." By Blue Valentine, violent death had become a recurrent lyrical theme in his work; he wrote the song "Sweet Little Bullet" from that album, for instance, about a 15-year-old girl who committed suicide by jumping from a high window along the Hollywood Bowl. "Christmas Card from a Hooker in Minneapolis", from the same album,  is an epistolary song from a prostitute to her former lover, Charlie; while good-hearted, she is an unreliable narrator. In his later work, orphanhood became a recurring theme. Many of his songs make reference to fictional locations that he has invented, such as the eponymous term in his song "Burma Shave". Hoskyns also noted that many Waits songs, such as "Burma Shave" and "Georgia Lee", reflect an "abiding concern for runaways and kids in danger." Andy Gill expressed the view that throughout Waits's oeuvre, "the theme of lowlife redemption, of escape, is ever-present."

 Personal life 
During the 1970s, Waits had a brief relationship with comedian Elayne Boosler, an intermittent relationship with Bette Midler, and a relationship with Rickie Lee Jones.In 1980, Waits married frequent collaborator Kathleen Brennan. They live in Sonoma County, California, and have three children: Kellesimone Wylder Waits (born 1983), Casey Waits (born 1985), and Sullivan Blake Waits (born 1993). After he married and had children, Waits became increasingly reclusive. Safeguarding the privacy of his family life became very important to him.During interviews, he has deflected questions about his personal life, and refused to sanction any biography. When Barney Hoskyns was researching his unauthorized 2009 biography, Lowside of the Road: A Life of Tom Waits, Waits and his wife asked people not to talk to him. Hoskyns believed that it was Brennan who was responsible for the "wall of inaccessibility" surrounding Waits.When asked about his religious beliefs, he noted: "With the God stuff I don't know. I don't know what's out there any more than anyone else."

 Stage persona 
Waits has been determined to keep a distance between his public persona and his personal life. According to Hoskyns, Waits hides behind his persona, noting that "Tom Waits is as much of a character created for his fans as it is a real man." In Hoskyns's view, Waits's self-image is in part "a self-protective device, a screen to deflect attention." A few music journalists have gone so far as to suggest that Waits is a "poseur". Hoskyns regarded Waits's "persona of the skid-row boho/hobo, a young man out of time and place" as an "ongoing experiment in performance art." He added that Waits has adopted a "self-appointed role as the bard of the streets." Mick Brown, a music journalist from Sounds who interviewed Waits in the mid-1970s, noted that "he had immersed himself in this character to the point where it wasn't an act and had become an identity." Louie Lista, a friend of Waits's during the 1970s, stated that the singer's general attitude was that of "I'm an outsider, but I'll revel in being an outsider." In a similar manner to contemporaries like Bob Dylan and Neil Young, Waits is known for cutting contact with figures he worked with in his past.

Another friend from that period, Troubadour-manager Robert Marchese, related that Waits cultivated "the whole mystique of this really funky dude and all that Charles Bukowski crap" to give "his impression of how funky poor folk really are," whereas in reality Waits was "basically a middle-class, San Diego mom-and-pop-schoolteacher kid." Humphries thought that there was a "conservative element" to Waits's persona, stating that behind his public image, "Waits has always been more of a white-picket-fence kind of guy than you might imagine."Jarmusch described Waits as "a very contradictory character," stating that he is "potentially violent if he thinks someone is screwing with him, but he's gentle and kind too." Herbert Hardesty, who worked with Waits on Blue Valentine, called him "a very pleasant human being, a very nice person." Humphries referred to him as "an essentially reticent man ... reflective and surprisingly shy." He has a sense of humor and enjoys jokes. Hoskyns described Waits as "unequivocally—some would say almost gruffly—heterosexual."Hoskyns suggested that Waits has had an "on-off affair with alcohol, never quite able to shake it off." During the 1970s, he was known as a heavy drinker and a smoker but avoided any drugs harder than cocaine. He told one interviewer, "I discovered alcohol at an early age, and that guided me a lot." Humphries suggested that Waits's use of alcohol as opposed to illicit drugs marked him out as being different from many of his contemporaries on the 1970s U.S. music scene.During interviews, Waits has avoided questions about his personal life, gone off on tangents, and thrown in trivia. Humphries noted that Waits has often supplied interviewers with "droll one-liners", something he termed "Waitsisms", observing that the singer was "dripping with wit and vinegar." Waits is known for getting irate with journalists.
He dislikes touring, but Hoskyns added that Waits has "a strong work ethic".Per his website's description of Glitter and Doom Live, "Disc One is designed to sound like one evening's performance, even though the 17 tracks are selected from 10 cities, from Paris to Birmingham; Tulsa to Milan; and Atlanta to Dublin... Disc Two is a bonus compendium called TOM TALES, which is a selection of the comic bromides, strange musings, and unusual facts that Tom traditionally shares with his audience during the piano set. Waits' topics range from the rituals of insects to the last dying breath of Henry Ford." It adds "he shifts seamlessly from an array of characters: carnival barker, preacher, country singer, soul balladeer; cabaret singer and storyteller."In concert, Waits tended to wear all black. Humphries noted that "on stage, Waits is a consummate performer, a raconteur of the recherché, and a genuine wit." Waits has stated that a performance should be "a spectacle and entertaining". It was on his 1977 tour for Foreign Affairs that he started employing props as part of his routine; one recurring prop was a megaphone through which he would shout at the audience.

 Collaborations 
Over the years, Waits has collaborated with various artists he admires.  He toured with the saxophonist Teddy Edwards and played on his album Mississippi Lad (1991).  Bruce Springsteen performed "Jersey Girl" with Waits on August 24, 1981, and included it on his retrospective "Live/1975–85".  In 1987, he joined Springsteen, Elvis Costello, k. d. lang and others in a tribute to Roy Orbison at Los Angeles's Ambassador Hotel. It was filmed as Roy Orbison and Friends: A Black and White Night. Waits and Brennan wrote "Strange Weather" for Marianne Faithfull, which she sang on her album of the same name in 1987. Keith Richards played on Rain Dogs, Bone Machine and Bad as Me, and Waits and Richards recorded "Shenandoah" for Son of Rogues Gallery: Pirate Ballads, Sea Songs & Chanteys (2013). Richards said of Waits: “Tom’s music is so American. Probably more folk-American than anything, but somehow modern. He’s a weird mixture of stuff; a great bunch of guys!" Waits wrote a poem, "Burnt Toast to Keith", for Richards's 80th birthday. Waits covered Kurt Weill’s "What Keeps Mankind Alive?" from The Threepenny Opera for Hal Willner's Weill tribute album  Lost in the Stars (1985) and "Heigh Ho" for his Disney-themed Stay Awake (1988). In 1991, he lent his voice to "Tommy the Cat" by Primus, and they appeared on Bone Machine and Mule Variations. Waits and Primus performed Jack Kerouac's song "On the Road" on Jack Kerouac Reads On the Road (1999). The English composer Gavin Bryars visited Waits in 1993, and he added vocals to a re-release of Bryars's Jesus' Blood Never Failed Me Yet, which was nominated for the Mercury Music Award. He sang with Ramblin' Jack Elliott on "Louise (Tell It To Me)" on his album  Friends of Mine (1998). That year, Waits produced and funded Chuck E. Weiss's album Extremely Cool as a favor to his old friend. He produced John P. Hammond's Wicked Grin (2001) which consisted largely of covers of Waits songs, some written for the project. He covered "Return of Jackie & Judy" for We're a Happy Family: A Tribute to Ramones (2003). He appeared on Los Lobos's  The Ride (2004),  Eels's Blinking Lights and Other Revelations (2005) and Sparklehorse's Dreamt for Light Years in the Belly of a Mountain (2006). Ken Nordine, whose "word jazz" influenced Waits, performed "Circus" for a video with animation by  Joe Coleman.  Waits was one of many guests on  Dan Hicks's Beatin' the Heat (2000). Hicks recalled: "I made a list of people I thought were in a mutual admiration society. Most of the people, I found their phone numbers and called them. Tom Waits said he didn't want to miss out on something like this. That was a pretty good compliment."

 Reception and legacy 
Bowman writes that "At the dawn of the second decade of the 21st century, Waits’s influence can be seen in the work of many of the most forward-thinking contemporary artists, including Beck, PJ Harvey, and Radiohead’s Thom Yorke.” Other musicians who have expressed admiration for Waits's work include Elvis Costello, Bruce Springsteen, Nanci Griffith, Joe Strummer of The Clash, Michael Stipe of R.E.M., Frank Black of Pixies and James Hetfield of Metallica. Bob Dylan,  a major influence on the young Waits, called Waits one of his "secret heroes". Humphries described him as "one of America's finest post-Dylan singer-songwriters" and, along with Edward Hopper, "one of the two great depicters of American isolation." Hoskyns called him "as important an American artist as anyone the twentieth century has produced." He notes that by the end of the twentieth century, "Waits was an iconic alternative figure, not just to the fans who'd grown up with him but to subsequent generations of music geeks", coming to be "universally acknowledged as an elder statesman of 'alternative' rock.'" Karen Schoemer of Newsweek said that "to the postboomer generation, he's more Dylan than Dylan. [His] melting-pot approach to  Americana, his brilliant narratives and his hardiness against commercial trends have made him the ultimate icon for the alternative-minded." Steve Vai said "Tom Waits is my favorite artist now. I completely resonate deeply with his music, his voice and his lyrics; I buy everything he ever does. He's one of those guys who are totally at one with the creative element with no excuses or concerns about what's going on around him – totally uncompromising." When asked which song she wished she had written, Florence Welch of Florence and the Machine said “‘Green Grass’ by Tom Waits... Really, anything by Tom Waits. I wish I was Tom Waits. His songs are so visceral and bloody. I just love his use of imagery.” Bones Howe says "I do a lot of seminars. Occasionally I'll do something for songwriters. They all say the same thing to me. 'All the great lyrics are done.' And I say, 'I'm going to give you a lyric that you never heard before'", the following from "Tom Traubert's Blues": "A battered old suitcase to a hotel someplace / And a wound that will never heal." Howe calls this "the work of an extremely talented lyricist, poet, whatever you want to say. That is brilliant, brilliant work. And he never mentions the person, but you see the person."He was included on  Rolling Stone's lists of 100 Greatest Singers and   100 Greatest Songwriters. In 2006, Waits and Brennan were ranked fourth on  Paste's list of the hundred greatest living songwriters. In 2016, Waits and  Brennan, along with John Prine, were honored with the The Song Lyrics of Literary Excellence Award from PEN New England. Colum McCann presented the honor to Waits and Brennan, saying “They find out what others have not quite fathomed yet. They catch the ordinary so that it can be sung extraordinarily in the future.”

Various artists have covered his songs. In 1973, Tim Buckley covered "Martha" and The Eagles covered "Ol' 55".  Dion covered "Heart of Saturday Night" and "San Diego Serenade". Rod Stewart had success with covers of "Downtown Train" and "Tom Traubert's Blues"; Bob Seger covered "Blind Love", "New Coat of Paint", and "Downtown Train". Paul Young covered "Soldier's Things" on The Secret of Association (1985) and the Ramones covered "I Don't Wanna Grow Up" on their final album, ¡Adios Amigos! (1995). Johnny Cash sang "Down There by the Train", which Waits wrote for him, on American Recordings (1994), calling Waits "a very special writer, my kind of writer." Tori Amos covered "Time" on Strange Little Girls (2001); she performed it on the Late Show With David Letterman, the first musical performance on the show after 9/11. Willie Nelson covered "Picture in a Frame" on It Always Will Be (2004). Holly Cole released an album of Waits covers, Temptation (1995), as did Scarlett Johansson with Anywhere I Lay My Head (2008). Neko Case performed "Christmas Card from a Hooker in Minneapolis" on the tribute album New Coat of Paint (2000). Norah Jones included a song Waits wrote for her, "Long Way Home", on her album Feels Like Home (2004). Joan Baez covered his songs on  Day After Tomorrow (2008) and  Whistle Down the Wind (2018). Rosanne Cash, Aimee Mann, Phoebe Bridges and others contributed to Come On Up to the House: Women Sing Waits (2019).
Waits has influenced artists in other fields. Kazuo Ishiguro recalls how Waits influenced his novel The Remains of the Day: I thought I’d finished Remains, but then one evening heard Tom Waits singing his song "Ruby’s Arms". It’s a ballad about a soldier leaving his lover sleeping in the early hours to go away on a train. Nothing unusual in that. But the song is sung in the voice of a rough American hobo type utterly unaccustomed to wearing his emotions on his sleeve. And there comes a moment, when the singer declares his heart is breaking, that’s almost unbearably moving because of the tension between the sentiment itself and the huge resistance that’s obviously been overcome to utter it. Waits sings the line with cathartic magnificence, and you feel a lifetime of tough-guy stoicism crumbling in the face of overwhelming sadness. I heard this and reversed a decision I’d made, that Stevens would remain emotionally buttoned up right to the bitter end.  I decided that at just one point – which I’d have to choose very carefully – his rigid defence would crack, and a hitherto concealed tragic romanticism would be glimpsed.
Another author who notes Waits's influence is Ian Rankin:I already knew Tom Waits’s music, those soulful communications from the louche underbelly of the American dream, but nothing had prepared me for Swordfishtrombones. I first heard it on a friend’s stereo system, the pair of us transfixed by what was happening in front of our ears. It felt to me as if a vaudeville show was taking place in a scrapyard, the music whirling and clanging, Waits presiding over it all like a bruised but keen-eyed master of ceremonies. Rain Dogs added extra textures and refinements, laying its (marked) cards on the table with its opening track, "Singapore", a novel contained within two and a half minutes of controlled musical mayhem. By the time of its release I had left university and was trying to shape myself into a writer. I admired Waits’s lyrical vision and concision – the man was a born storyteller, stopping travellers who had wandered into the wrong part of town and compelling them with his words.
His songs have been used in film, television and theater. When the actor Robert Carlyle formed a theatre, he named it the Rain Dog Theatre after Waits's album. Cabaret shows have been set to his songs, among them Robert Berdahl's Warm Beer, Cold Women and Stewart D'Arrietta's Belly of a Drunken Piano. In addition to scoring films for Bell, Coppola and Jarmusch, Waits has written songs for soundtracks: "Never Let Go" for  American Heart; "Walk Away" and "The Fall of Troy" for  Dead Man Walking and "Little Drop of Poison" for The End of Violence, which later appeared in Shrek 2. "Temptation" and "Cold Cold Ground" appear in Léolo;  "Innocent When You Dream" in Smoke; "Goin' Out West" in Fight Club; "All The World is Green" and "Green Grass" in The Diving Bell and the Butterfly. Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room features "What's He Building?", "Straight to the Top (Vegas)", "Temptation" and "God's Away on Business".  The titles of the films Romeo Is Bleeding and  Blue Valentine are derived from Waits songs. "Hold On" and "I Don't Wanna Grow Up" were sung by Beth Greene (Emily Kinney) in The Walking Dead episodes "I Ain't a Judas" and "Infected", respectively.  The Wire used "Way Down in the Hole" as its opening theme; each season featured a different rendition, including The Blind Boys of Alabama, Waits, The Neville Brothers, DoMaJe and Steve Earle. The season four rendition was arranged and recorded for the show and is performed by five Baltimore teenagers: Ivan Ashford, Markel Steele, Cameron Brown, Tariq Al-Sabir and Avery Bargasse. In 2014, Aaron Posner and the magician  Teller directed a production of  Shakespeare's The Tempest featuring songs by Waits and Brennan.

 Discography 

 Tours 

 Filmography 

 References 

 Sources 

 Further reading 
Jacobs, Jay S. (2006). Wild Years The Music and Myth of Tom Waits. ECW Press. ISBN 1-55022-716-5.
Montandon, Mac, ed. (2006). Innocent When You Dream: Tom Waits – The Collected Interviews. Orion. ISBN 0-7528-7394-6.
Maher, Paul (August 1, 2011). Tom Waits on Tom Waits: Interviews and Encounters. Chicago Review Press. ISBN 978-1-56976-927-0.
Mahurin, Matt (October 29, 2019). Tom Waits. Abrams. ISBN 978-1-68335-658-5.
Harvey, Alex (August 8, 2022). Song Noir: Tom Waits and the Spirit of Los Angeles. Reaktion Books. ISBN 978-1-78914-664-6.

 External links 

Official website 
Tom Waits at Curlie
Tom Waits discography at Discogs 
Tom Waits at IMDb
"Tom Waits". Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 
Tom Waits Library

Joshua Garcia
Joshua Espineli Garcia (Tagalog pronunciation: [gaɾˈsɪa]; born October 7, 1997) is a Filipino actor, dancer, and commercial model. He began his professional acting career in 2015 after being part of the reality show Pinoy Big Brother: All In as a contestant. He rose to prominence for his critically acclaimed performances in the 2016 Metro Manila Film Festival top-grosser Vince and Kath and James and in the primetime series The Good Son. Garcia has starred in various TV series such as The Greatest Love (2016), Ngayon at Kailanman (2018), The Killer Bride (2019), Darna (2022), and Unbreak My Heart (2023). He has also starred in the films  Love You to the Stars and Back (2017), I Love You, Hater (2018), Block Z (2020), and Ang Mga Kaibigan Ni Mama Susan (2023).

 Early life 
Garcia was born on October 7, 1997, in Bauan, Batangas, Philippines. He is the son of Filipino parents Geo Garcia and Marife Espineli. Coming from a broken family, he was raised by his father and his priest uncle alongside his elder sister, Lorenza Mae. He also has three younger paternal half-siblings and two maternal half-siblings.He is a dancer and used to be a member of the Batangas cultural dance group, the Sining Kumintang before joining the reality TV show Pinoy Big Brother: All In as one of the 19 housemates who entered the Big Brother house.

 Career 

 2015–2016: Career beginnings and breakthrough 
Fresh from his stint in Pinoy Big Brother, Garcia started his acting career via the afternoon series Nasaan Ka Nang Kailangan Kita alongside fellow housemates Jane Oineza and Loisa Andalio. In the same year, he made his film debut in a supporting role in the Maja Salvador starrer You're Still The One. Garcia's acting chops first garnered attention when he played a supporting character for the Olivia Lamasan movie Barcelona: A Love Untold starring Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla, which earned him a Best Supporting Actor nomination in the FAMAS Awards.In 2016, he was included in the powerhouse ensemble cast of the family drama The Greatest Love.Garcia's breakthrough came in when he got his first movie leading role in the 2016 Metro Manila Film Festival entry Vince and Kath and James where he won New Movie Actor of the Year in the 33rd PMPC Star Awards for Movies. His acting performance received wide critical acclaim and even scored Best Actor nominations in the said festival's awards, the 35th Luna Awards and the 2017 FAMAS Awards along with his Best Supporting Actor nomination for Barcelona: A Love Untold.

 2017–present: Rising popularity and success 
Following the blockbuster success of Vince and Kath and James and his tandem with actress Julia Barretto, they both starred in a string of television and movie projects together. Their tandem made their television debut in an episode of the country's longest-running drama anthology Maalaala Mo Kaya where they played as teen sweethearts who learn the value of unconditional love at a young age. Their performances was widely praised by the viewers and also dominated the trending topics on Twitter.Later that year, Garcia starred in his follow-up movie with Barretto in the romantic comedy-drama Love You to the Stars and Back which was a box-office success. His portrayal of Caloy, a teen suffering from leukemia likewise earned himself another round of Best Actor nominations in FAMAS and Luna Awards. His partnership with Barretto in the box office continued in the same year with Unexpectedly Yours where they starred alongside veteran actors Sharon Cuneta and Robin Padilla.
In 2017, he headlined an ensemble cast in the crime drama primetime series The Good Son alongside Jerome Ponce, McCoy de Leon and Nash Aguas. He won various acting awards for his highly acclaimed portrayal in the series as Joseph Buenavidez including a "Best Drama Actor" recognition in the 32nd PMPC Star Awards for Television.In 2018, Garcia and Barretto starred in the romantic comedy movie I Love You, Hater with Kris Aquino. After four big-screen projects together, they finally made their teleserye debut via the primetime TV series Ngayon at Kailanman which premiered on August that same year.In 2019, he was part of the lead cast of the primetime TV series The Killer Bride which paired him with actress Janella Salvador. This also reunited him with Maja Salvador from their previous collaboration in You're Still The One where he made his film acting debut.In 2020, he reunited with Barretto accompanied by an all-star ensemble cast in the zombie film Block Z which was directed by award-winning director Mikhail Red. After his long-standing partnership with Barretto ended, he starred in various episodes of Maalaala Mo Kaya which include an episode entitled "Notebook" where his performance earned him an award for "Best Single Performance by an Actor" in the 35th PMPC Star Awards for Television.
In 2021, he made a return to primetime television and joined the lead cast of the TV series Viral Scandal opposite Charlie Dizon. Later the following year, he starred as the male lead in ABS-CBN's TV adaptation of Mars Ravelo's Darna starring Jane de Leon which also reunited him with Janella Salvador.In 2023, he starred in the movie adaptation of Bob Ong's best-selling book Ang Mga Kaibigan Ni Mama Susan which was streamed worldwide through Prime Video. He also topbilled the cast of the romantic drama TV series Unbreak My Heart with Jodi Sta. Maria, Richard Yap and Gabbi Garcia which is a historic partnership and co-production of his home network ABS-CBN and long-time rival GMA Network.

 Personal life 
Garcia dated actress Julia Barretto after starring in numerous projects together as a love team. Their two-year relationship ended in April 2019.Garcia started taking an entrepreneurship course at Southville International School affiliated with Foreign Universities (SISFU) in 2020 at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2023, he enrolled in a cullinary course at the Center for Asian Cullinary Studies.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Discography 

 Awards and nominations 

 References 

 External links 
Joshua Garcia at IMDb

Driving test
A driving test (also known as a driving  exam, driver's test, or road test) is a procedure designed to test a person's ability to drive a motor vehicle. It exists in various forms worldwide, and is often a requirement to obtain a driver's license. A driving test generally consists of one or two parts: the practical test, called a road test, used to assess a person's driving ability under normal operating conditions, and/or a written or oral test (theory test) to confirm a person's knowledge of driving and relevant rules and laws.
The world's first mandatory national driving test was introduced in France in 1899.
To make the test fair, written driving tests are normally standardized tests, meaning that everyone takes the same test under the same conditions. In many places the test can be done by computer, and typically consists of questions related to road signs and traffic laws of the respective country, but may also include questions related to road safety best practices or technical questions regarding vehicle operation and maintenance. In many countries, passing a written driving test is required to be allowed to sit the practical test.

 Test requirements 
Depending on the country and on the driver's license category, the practical test includes driving on the public, open road as well as different maneuverability test, which are usually carried out in a controlled environment such as:

driving back and forth through a set of traffic cones
reversing around a corner or into a parking space, with or without a trailer or semi-trailer, or with an extra one for multi-rig road trains
Turning and leaving controlled junctions with trailer and/or with an extra one for multi-rig road trains
emergency stops or evasive maneuvers
coupling and de-coupling of a trailer to a truck, which includes establishing the electrical and compressed-air connections and checking them
maintaining a motorcycle stable at low speed
Parallel Parking (with a maximum of 2 separate forward movements)
Reverse Angled parking (cars, trucks and road trains)
Three-point turns (in 3 movements)
Uphill starts, downhill curbside parking with gear shifts
Gear shifts moving off green lights (manual cars and trucks only)
Lane changes
Entering and leaving intersections (from give ways, stop signs, roundabouts)In some countries (Japan, South Korea, Taiwan)  maneuverability tests are timed, meaning there is an expected time that a driver has to complete these tasks, so they don't hold up traffic.
In most European Union member countries, the road test may be taken on either a manual or an automatic vehicle, however, when using an automatic vehicle, the driver's license will be restricted to such vehicles. This is also true for New Zealand and Australian road tests. A candidate who passes their test in an automatic may take and pass a second practical test in a manual at a later date to upgrade their license.
Depending on the country, other tests may be required, such as an eyesight test or a reaction test. These may be part of the theory test or the practical test or may be separate tests, in which case they are usually a prerequisite for admission to the practical test. The United Kingdom and some other countries use a Hazard Perception Test as part of the theory test, in which candidates are shown multiple short video clips of driving scenarios and must respond to any emerging hazards.

In the United States, most Department of Motor Vehicles offices do not provide vehicles for the road test and so the person taking the test must provide their own vehicle. This is useful because the vehicle they use for the test is typically the same vehicle they have used to practice driving. Before they can use the vehicle for the test, they must show proof of liability insurance to the DMV for the particular vehicle to avoid liability from a collision that could occur during the test.
In Australia and New Zealand own vehicles must be provided, and the driver must show proof of yearly Warranty of Fitness and registration (at Vehicle Testing New Zealand at the latter)  to prove the car's road-worthiness. Only in Northern Territory and New Zealand Automobile Association-affiliated instructors are where driving instructors can become testing officers for official driving tests, but one must not assess their own students, and they will have to drive in the cars of the testing officers, except for truck-licenses (in NT) due to the lack of qualified instructors in the territory. The road test may be taken on either a manual or an automatic vehicle, however, when using an automatic vehicle, the driver's license will be restricted to such vehicles.
In New Zealand, in particular, the driver must pass two driving tests: One for restricted license, for driving independently during 7am-10pm, but supervised outside of those times, or must head home; in the same class and transmission (automatic/manual) as  practised, as well as power restrictions if going for a motorbike license. This test tests for  maneuverability (reverse parking, 3-point turns (without using driveways in Australia, with in NZ), U-turns and forward square parking (backward and forward square parkings in Australia) and motorway test. The shorter, 45-minute full-license test, taken at at least 6 months after, only tests for hazard detection, give way rules (changed to small corners' pass rule in 2016), road positioning, changing speed limit zones and gap selections in inner city streets.

 See also 
Driver's license

 References 

Nirodbaran
Nirodbaran (17 November 1903 – 17 July 2006, Pondicherry) or "Nirod" for short, was the personal physician and scribe of Sri Aurobindo, and senior member of the Sri Aurobindo Ashram.  

 Life 
He graduated from the University of Edinburgh with a degree in medicine.  He was told about Sri Aurobindo and The Mother by Dilip Kumar Roy while in Paris. In 1930 he visited the Ashram and met the Mother. He then spent 2 or 3 years practising medicine in Burma, but this work failed to satisfy him. He returned to the Ashram with the intention of practising Yoga, and took up work as the resident doctor.  He found to his surprise that poetry was one of the vocations taken up by some of the disciples. As Sri Aurobindo had already withdrawn from the public life of the ashram, he communicated with and instructed the sadhaks via letters, and Nirodbaran entered into a voluminous correspondence with Sri Aurobindo (receiving about 4000 letters), who encouraged and guided his attempts at poetry. He published a collection of his poems as Blossom of the Sun and 50 poems by Nirodbaran, which were revised and commented on by Sri Aurobindo. 
In November 1938 Sri Aurobindo broke his leg and as a physician Nirodbaran was one of the disciples with medical knowledge who attend him while he recuperated.
Later he had published Talks with Sri Aurobindo (3 volumes), Correspondence with Sri Aurobindo (2 volumes), and his memoir 12 years with Sri Aurobindo, as well as various volumes of poetry and other writings.  
Nirodbaran died peacefully on the evening of 17 July 2006 at the Ashram Nursing Home in Pondicherry. He was 102. He was buried at the Ashram's Cazanove Gardens the next day.

 External links 
Twelve years with Sri Aurobindo Chapter 1 - about Sri Aurobindo's accident on 23/24 November 1938]
Nirodbaran
Name Index - brief bio
Supporting spiritual search

Edgewater, Chicago
Edgewater is a lakefront community area on the North Side of the city of Chicago, Illinois six miles north of the Loop. The most recently established of the city's 77 official community areas, Edgewater is bounded by Foster Avenue on the south, Devon Avenue on the north, Ravenswood Avenue on the west, and Lake Michigan on the east. Edgewater contains several beaches for residents to enjoy. Chicago's largest park, Lincoln Park, stretches south from Edgewater for seven miles along the waterfront, almost to downtown. Until 1980, Edgewater was part of Uptown, and historically it constituted the northeastern corner of Lake View Township, an independent suburb annexed by the city of Chicago in 1889. Today, Uptown is to Edgewater's south, Lincoln Square to its west, West Ridge to its northwest and Rogers Park to its north.
Edgewater transitioned from agriculture and small settlement to residential development around the 1880s with summer homes for Chicago's elite. Today, it provides the northern terminus of both Lincoln Park and Lake Shore Drive. With the exception of pockets acknowledged as historic districts (like the Bryn Mawr Historic District), east-Edgewater (Edgewater Beach) has a skyline of high-rise apartment buildings, condominium complexes, and mid-rise homes. To the west, Edgewater is characterized by single-family homes; and two-, three-, or four-story flats, including the historic village and now commercial district of Andersonville.

 History 

 Early development 
Developers began buying up orchards and truck farms, and cutting down the dense woods in Lake View Township (of which Edgewater was a part) in the 1880s to make way for future development. From 1870 to 1887 the population of the township, then north of the City of Chicago, grew from 2,000 citizens to 45,000. As a result, there was growing need of more public-service access, and Lake View was annexed to Chicago in 1889 as a way of meeting those demands.In 1885, the northeastern section of Lake View was given the name Edgewater by prominent developer John Lewis Cochran. He built the first residential subdivision in the area. Many of his homes can still be found in the Lakewood Balmoral Historic District.  After a few years, Edgewater was celebrated as a wonder as it became "the only electric lighted suburb adjacent to Chicago".

 Etymology of street names 
Cochran was originally a tobacco salesman from Philadelphia who moved to the area in 1885. Upon arrival, he took his Philadelphia culture and geography with him to the area. This can be seen best by the names of the streets in Edgewater. Every street in Edgewater at the time was named after a train station on the former PRR Main Line, and most still exist to this day. This includes:

Ardmore Avenue, located in Ardmore, PA.
Thorndale Avenue, located in Thorndale, PA, also became a CTA station.
Bryn Mawr Avenue, located in Bryn Mawr, PA, also became a CTA station.
Berwyn Avenue, located in Berwyn, PA, also became a CTA station.
Devon Avenue, named after Devon, PA
Rosemont Avenue, named after Rosemont, PA
Wayne Avenue, named after Wayne, PA

 Beginning of the 20th century 
By the early 1900s, Edgewater was regarded as one of Chicago's most prestigious communities. Mansions dominated the lakefront, while large single-family homes spread inland to the former farming village of Andersonville (then also called Somerdale).  A prominent symbol of Edgewater's affluence and desirable location on the lake was the Edgewater Beach Hotel, which opened in 1916 at 5349 N. Sheridan. The famed "sunrise" yellow hotel was razed in 1970, though the remaining "sunset" pink Edgewater Beach Apartments building is still a landmark at the north tip of Lake Shore Drive. The Edgewater building boom peaked in 1926 and property values reached their height in 1928. 
Around 1900, the burgeoning affluent population grew so much that developers expanded Edgewater and renamed a portion of the neighborhood community Uptown (which still exists today).  Uptown quickly became the commercial hub of the area, with storied nightlife, entertainment and tall commercial buildings.  Thus, in the late 1920s, when Community Areas were first designated, the Edgewater area was included as a section of Uptown.

 Revival 
Uptown's affluence declined in the 1950s, as Chicago's suburbs were developed and opened, absorbing some of Uptown's families, both middle and upper class. With the flight of some residents came disrepair and crime for what once was one of the most affluent districts of the city. At the same time, with the extension of Lake Shore Drive to Hollywood Ave. in the 1950s, into the 1970s, highrise condominium developments along Edgewater's lakefront took off, and Andersonville was seeking to promote its unique heritage.
In 1980, the Chicago City Council and local business owners orchestrated a revival for the Edgewater community. Edgewater was separated from Uptown and once again called itself its own community. New businesses came into the community, older buildings were refurbished, and homes touched up to harken back to Edgewater's past. Since 2000, there have been several new additions to the neighborhood, including The Clarovista, Edgewater Glen, and Catalpa Gardens condominium developments.  This neighborhood of Chicago is also well known for its antique shops, as the Broadway Antique Market and Brownstone Antiques call the Edgewater area their home.

 Neighborhoods 
Edgewater consists of several neighborhoods. In the southwest quadrant is Andersonville. North of it is Magnolia Glen and Edgewater Glen—and Edgewater Beach is located in the eastern part of the neighborhood, the portion of the community that borders the lake, east of the elevated tracks of the Red Line.

 Andersonville 
Andersonville is a neighborhood in western Edgewater / Uptown. Once a sleepy little village made up primarily of Swedish immigrants, the community is particularly known for its diversity, including a continued Swedish cultural presence led by the Swedish American Museum and other Swedish businesses. From the 1980s through the present time, the neighborhood has been well known as a neighborhood where many lesbians live, although the reality is more akin to the diversity mentioned above. Swedish businesses include the bar Simon's Tavern, a former basement speakeasy, which serves the Swedish wine drink as glögg, and Svea restaurants. At one time there were more Swedes in Chicago than any city outside of Stockholm. Many of Andersonville's Swedes were carpenters, contractors and architects, and played a significant role in building the city.A significant number of Middle-Eastern businesses and a new influx of families with children all make this a very diverse population. Andersonville is also known for its unique commercial district, made up almost entirely of a variety of independent locally owned specialty shops, restaurants, and service providers.
The Andersonville Commercial Historic District, which runs between 4900 and 5800 N. Clark Street, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in March 2010. It joined the nearby residential Lakewood Balmoral Historic District.
The approximate street boundaries of Andersonville, as defined by the Andersonville Chamber of Commerce, are Lawrence (4800 N) to the south, Victoria (5800 N) to the north, Ravenswood (1800 W) to the west, and Magnolia (1250 W) to the east. The heart of the Andersonville commercial district is Clark and Berwyn (5300 N).The stretch of Clark St. south of Foster Ave. (where Andersonville has expanded across community boundaries into northern Uptown) is sometimes called South Foster, or SoFo.
Andersonville's roots as a community extend well back into the 19th century, when immigrant Swedish farmers started moving north into what was then a distant suburb of Chicago. In the 1850s the area north of Foster and east of Clark was a large cherry orchard, and families had only begun to move into the fringes of what is now Andersonville. The neighborhood's first school, the Andersonville School, was built in 1854 at the corner of those two thoroughfares, and served as the area's primary school until 1908.
After the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, wooden homes were outlawed in Chicago. Swedish immigrants, who could not afford to build homes of stone or brick, began to move outside of the city's northern limits. Swedish immigrants continued to arrive in Andersonville through the beginning of the 20th century, settling in the newly built homes surrounding Clark St. Before long, the entire commercial strip was dominated by Swedish businesses, from delis to hardware stores, shoe stores to blacksmiths, and bakeries to realty companies. The local churches, such as Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church, Ebenezer Lutheran Church, and First Evangelical Free Church were also built by Swedes, and reflected the religious diversity of the new arrivals.
Like most other European-American ethnic groups, Swedes began to move to the suburbs during the Depression and post-war periods, and the neighborhood began to decline. Concerned about the deteriorating commercial situation, the Uptown Clark Street Business Association renewed its commitment to its Swedish heritage by renaming itself the Andersonville Chamber of Commerce. On October 17, 1964 Andersonville was rededicated in a ceremony attended by Chicago Mayor Richard J. Daley and Illinois Governor Otto Kerner. At about the same time, the annual Swedish tradition of celebrating the summer solstice blossomed into Midsommarfest, which has since grown into one of Chicago's largest street festivals.
While some of the Swedish-owned businesses gave way to stores and restaurants owned by Koreans, Lebanese, and Cubans, many remained in Andersonville, serving the remaining second- and third-generation Swedes as well as the new arrivals to the neighborhood. In 1976, a Swedish American Museum that had been on the drawing boards for fifty years was opened to the public in a ceremony attended by King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden. He was also present when it later moved into larger quarters at 5211 N. Clark, where it remains today.
In the late 1980s, Andersonville began a period of revival as professionals rediscovered its lovely housing stock and proximity to the lakefront. A large lesbian and gay population developed, spurred by the opening of such businesses as Women & Children First, a bookstore focusing on feminist authors and topics. New gift shops and ethnic eateries opened up and gave Clark St. a new commercial vitality and diversity.
Today, in addition to being one of the most concentrated areas of Swedish culture in the United States, Andersonville is home to a diverse assortment of devoted residents and businesses, including one of Chicago's largest LGBTQ+ communities, a collection of Middle Eastern restaurants and bakeries, and a thriving Hispanic commercial area north of Catalpa Avenue.

 Edgewater Glen 
Edgewater Glen is located in the north central part of Edgewater.  It was named from the streets Glenwood Ave. and Glenlake Ave. that cross in the center of Edgewater Glen. A local residents and businesses organization called Edgewater Glen Association (EGA), incorporated in 1972, invented the name. The association, which is still active (2024), determined the boundaries of Edgewater Glen as: the south side of Granville Ave (north), the west side of Broadway Ave (east), the south side of Norwood St (south), and the east side of Clark St (west). EGA hosts and participates in neighborhood annual events and programming, including public forums with elected officials, plant swaps, corner beautification, the Edgewater Yard Sale, and the EGA Garden Walk which celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2023. 
EGA also is notable for its work to maintain the tree canopy within Edgewater, including regular inventories and coordination for the planting of parkway trees. In 2022, EGA embarked on an effort to catalogue old growth parkway trees resulting in the publication of a study of the heritage trees (50 years and older) of Edgewater Glen as well as a toolkit that can be used by any organization to identify and track heritage trees.
An exhibit was held to feature the toolkit and study at the Edgewater Historical Society on Arbor Day, 2023 which marked the kickoff of an effort by the Edgewater Historical Society to work with the Edgewater Environmental Coalition and all Edgewater Block Clubs to inventory ALL of the heritage parkway trees in Edgewater.

 Broadway 
Broadway (along with Andersonville's Clark St., to the west) is the main commercial street running North and South through Edgewater.  It separates the Edgewater Beach area (dominated by highrises and apartment buildings) to the east, from Andersonville and Edgewater Glen (dominated by single-family homes) to the west.  In the 1920s, Broadway became a center of the new automobile trade with elaborate stylized showroom buildings.  While these businesses are now gone, the street maintains commercial trade and at least one of those car palaces remains.  In addition, a wide array of dining is available including Ethiopian, French, Japanese, Thai, and fine American, as well as pubs, fast food, and pizza.

 Sheridan Road and Edgewater Beach 
Sheridan Rd., which follows the lakefront in eastern-Edgewater is the main North–South thoroughfare for traffic to/from Lake Shore Drive.  Lake Shore Dr. at Hollywood Ave. where all traffic is routed onto either Hollywood Ave. or Sheridan Rd. As it is the north end terminus of Chicago's scenic Lake Shore Dr., this part of the neighborhood is sometimes congested with traffic along 4 lane roadways such as Clark St., Broadway and Ridge Avenues. The area around Sheridan Rd., west to Broadway Ave., is called Edgewater Beach.  The neighborhood beaches are Foster Beach and Osterman (Hollywood) Beach.  This area includes the northern reaches of Lincoln Park, Chicago's largest public park.
North of Ardmore Ave. (5800 N) to Devon Ave. (6400 N), there are 4 lakefront parks, Osterman (Hollywood) Beach, George Lane Park, Berger Park, and a newly unnamed park just south of Granville (6200 N) between the Tiara & El Lago condominiums. There is also a park on the southwest corner of Thorndale and Sheridan.
Accompanied by uniformly tall, grand old locust trees lining the road, Edgewater's portion of Sheridan (North of Foster Ave., south of Devon Ave.) is a dense section of high-rise residential buildings on both sides of the Sheridan Rd. corridor.  These include, Park Edgewater Condominiums, Hollywood Towers, Horizon House Condominium, 6030 N. Sheridan, The Malibu, Malibu East, East Point Tower, The Tiara, El Lago, Granville Beach, Granville Tower, Shoreline Towers, Sheridan Shores Condominiums, Sheridan Point, and Park Tower and Mall. Many of these towers were built in the late 1950s to early 1970s. TV's fictional characters Bob and Emily Hartley of The Bob Newhart Show called this area home, residing in the Thorndale Beach North Condominiums, 5901 N. Sheridan Rd.
There are a handful of mansions still remaining on Sheridan Rd., remnants of the 1880s to 1920s. Many of the original lakefront mansions that once lined Sheridan were razed with landfill added along the shoreline to make way for the high-rise buildings that exist there today. A few notable exceptions are Colvin House, at Thorndale Ave., Berger Park. and Sacred Heart School at Granville Ave., as well as two belonging to nearby Loyola University Chicago. To the South, at Sheridan, near Foster, there also remains a private tennis, pool and three par golf club, from the days when this area was dominated by mansions and the Edgewater Beach Hotel.

 LGBT community 
Beginning in the 1990s, Edgewater's population of lesbian couples significantly increased. Residents named the relocation of the Andersonville feminist bookstore Women and Children First from Lakeview as a major catalyst, though others also sought to escape gentrification in Lakeview and Lincoln Park. Lesbian bars and other lesbian-centered businesses opened in Andersonville, and for a period of time the neighborhood was sometimes referred to as "Girlstown," an alternative to Boystown in Lakeview. However, by the late 2000s, rising rents and the subsequent closing of many of those businesses led to a decline in the lesbian population.At the time of the 2000 United States Census, the proportion of same-sex couples in Edgewater was 6.6% in the 60660 zip code and 8.0% in the 60640 zip code. This compares with the US national average of 1.1%. Starting in the 2000s, rising rent and gentrification in the Lakeview and Boystown neighborhoods caused many LGBT people to move further north. In 2012 Trulia rated Edgewater as one of the ten gayest neighborhoods in America. In 2017, Trulia and dating website OkCupid stated that Edgewater had the highest percentage of gay single people in the city, more than Lakeview and Hyde Park/Kenwood.

 International community 
Recognizing the proximity to Chicago's Lakefront and access to the Red Line elevated train, an influx of new residents have relocated to Edgewater over the past 20 years. Many of Edgewater's new residents are immigrants from the Horn of Africa and the former Yugoslavia. The area has a great density of Bosnian, Serb and Croat residents. These people, troubled by civil war and tough conditions in their homeland, have been encouraged to settle in the area. Ethiopians, Eritreans and Somalis from the Horn region live and socialize in Edgewater. The city is known for accepting new, thriving enclaves of ethnicities in centuries past. This new settlement is a modern revival of that tradition. Of recent, many new residents have come from the neighboring Lakeview and Lincoln Park neighborhoods, due to the affordable housing and Edgewater's proximity to the city's rapid transit (CTA) system which allows for an easy commute into the city's downtown. On the streets of Edgewater, one can encounter women in traditional dress and grandmothers strolling with their grandchildren, while the middle generation is out making a living in the new world of Chicago.

 Politics 
The Edgewater community area has supported the Democratic Party in the past two presidential elections. In the 2016 presidential election, the Edgewater cast 22,676 votes for Hillary Clinton and cast 2,546 votes for Donald Trump (86.07% to 9.66%). In the 2012 presidential election, Edgewater cast 20,028 votes for Barack Obama and cast 3,083 votes for Mitt Romney (84.67% to 13.03%).

 Education 
Edgewater is home to several Chicago Public Schools (CPS) campuses. The local public high school is Nicholas Senn High School, established in 1913. In addition, four of the neighborhood's elementary schools — Hayt, Swift, Peirce and Goudy — achieved a level 1 (excellent) status from CPS in 2013. Those schools feed into Senn, which will help it maintain its ranking.There are several Catholic and other religiously affiliated schools also in the neighborhood including Northside Catholic Academy's primary school campus at St. Gertrude church.
The Edgewater Branch of the Chicago Public Library serves the area, and the nearby Bezazian Branch in Uptown also provides services to people in Edgewater.Loyola University of Chicago's campus borders northeastern Edgewater and has crossed into the area.  The college established itself on the lake at the north end of Sheridan Road, where it crosses into Rogers Park, in 1906.

 Notable people 
Ian Barford (born 1966), actor. He resides in Andersonville.
Hillary Clinton (born 1947), 67th United States Secretary of State. Her family resided in Edgewater until she was three years old at which point they moved to Park Ridge, Illinois.Dorothy Howell Rodham (1919–2011), homemaker and mother of Hillary Clinton. She resided in Edgewater until moving to Park Ridge, Illinois in 1950.
Hugh Rodham (1911–1993), businessman and father of Hillary Clinton. He resided in Edgewater before moving to Park Ridge, Illinois in 1950.
Lucas Neff (born 1985), actor best known for his lead role in Raising Hope. He was raised in Andersonville.
Ken Nordine (1921-2019), poet recording artist known for his series of Word Jazz albums. He lived in Edgewater from 1951 until his death in 2019. His former home, a 120-year-old mansion located at 6106 N. Kenmore Avenue, was granted prelimary historic status in March 2020.
Anna D. Shapiro (born 1966), theatre director and professor. She resides in Andersonville.

 Transportation 
A majority of Edgewater's public transportation needs are met by the Chicago Transit Authority, which provides resident and visitor access to the Red Line service of the Chicago Elevated railway rapid transit. The Red Line runs north to the city limits and south to Wrigley Field, the downtown Chicago Loop, Guaranteed Rate Field and ends on the South Side at 95th Street. Edgewater's elevated Red Line tracks run next to Broadway Avenue, and its four stations are Berwyn, Bryn Mawr, Thorndale, and Granville.Along Edgewater's western border are the commuter rail tracks of Metra's North Line, with stations in the nearby surrounding community areas at Ravenswood and Rogers Park providing transit to downtown or to Chicago's North Shore Suburbs.
The Chicago Transit Authority also operates numerous bus routes in Edgewater, with several running along North Lake Shore Drive with express services to downtown Chicago, including the Loop, via North Michigan Avenue and its Magnificent Mile.Private entities also offer many transportation services. The areas is served by car-sharing services such as I-GO and Zipcar as well as bicycle-sharing services such as Divvy. Taxi and limousine services are plentiful in the area. Bicycles and rickshaws can be found in the summer for rent near Foster Beach. Bike paths are also available on some major streets. Manicured walking and running paths are found throughout the parkland near the lake, including the Chicago Lakefront Trail, which is also popular with bicycle commuters.

 References 

 External links 

Official City of Chicago Edgewater Community Map
Andersonville Chamber of Commerce
Andersonville neighborhood guide & map on ExploreChicago.org
Edgewater neighborhood guide & map on ExploreChicago.org
Edgewater Branch, Chicago Public Library
Edgewater Chamber of Commerce
Edgewater Historical Society
Edgewater Historical Society eScrapbook
Edgewater Glen Association
Edgewater Community Council
Edgewater Development Corporation
In Chicago, Village Life in a Big City - slideshow by The New York Times
A Guide to Andersonville: Where to Eat, Shop, and Play
Senn High School's Big Transformation

Mianwali District
The Mianwali District (Urdu: ضِلع مِيانوالى) is a district located in the Mianwali division of the Punjab province of Pakistan. It has borders with the Chakwal, Attock, Kohat, Karak, Lakki Marwat, Dera Ismail Khan, Bhakkar, and Khushab districts.

 History 
The history of the district is tied to the Miana family which came from Baghdad and settled in Mianwali. The name Mianwali is derived from a sufi saint Mian Ali's name. Mian Ali Mianwali was a known settlement and an agricultural region with forests during the Indus valley civilization (c. 3300 – c.1300 BCE). Mianwali later became part of the Vedic civilization.
After the Islamic conquest of Punjab, Arabs who had established themselves in Multan were in control of Mianwali and surrounding areas of Punjab.In 997 CE, Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi took over the Ghaznavid dynasty empire established by his father, Sultan Sebuktegin. In 1005 CE, he conquered the Hindu Shahis and followed it by the conquests of the Punjab region. The Delhi Sultanate and later Mughal empire ruled the region. The population of the Punjab region became majority Muslim, following the conquests by various Muslim dynasties from Central Asia.
The real historical representation of the Mianwali region is older than 900 AD but the true accuracy is traced to the arrival of Qutb Shah in 1090 AD  who in later years of his conquest allowed his sons to settle and further rule the region. Their lineage still exists to date in the Mianwali district as well as in Pakistan and are known as Awan tribe. Historically, all major rulers of South Asia governed this area in their turn. Mughal emperor Babur mentioned Isakhel in the Baburnama when describing his campaigns against the Malik Awans and Niazi Pakhtuns during his invasion of Punjab in the 1520s.
Prior to the invasion of Nadir Shah in 1738, there is little to relate concerning the history of the northern part of the district. The upper half of the district was ruled by the Gakhars, who became feudatories of the Mughal empire, of which the district continued to form a part until the invasion of Nadir Shah. In 1738, a portion of his army entered Chashma. By its atrocities so cowed the Bannuchis and Marwats that a heavy tribute was raised from them. Another portion of the army crossed the Darra Pezu and worked its way down to Dera Ismail Khan. Contingents raised from the neighborhoods of Bannu and Dera Ismail Khan marched under Nadir Shah's banner to the sack of Delhi.
In 1739, the area west of the Indus was surrendered by the emperor of Delhi to Nadir Shah and passed after his death to Ahmad Shah Abdali. In 1748, a Durrani army under one of Ahmad Shah's generals crossed the Indus at Kalabagh, and drove out the Ghakkars, who still ruled in the cis-Indus tracts of the district, owing nominal allegiance to the emperor at Delhi. Their stronghold, Muazzam Nagar, was razed to the ground, and with their expulsion was swept away the last vestige of the authority of the Mughal emperor in these parts. During the British Raj, the Mianwali district was also among the states of the British Punjab where regional offices of East India Company were in position until winter of 1883 when the regional office of East India Company in Mianwali was shutdown due to civil unrest and hostile conditions.

 Geography 
Mianwali district covers an area of 5,840 square kilometres (2,250 sq mi). The area in the north is a continuation of the Pothohar Plateau and the Kohistan-e-Namak. Southern side of the district is a part of Thal desert. Indus River flows through the district.

 Climate 
Mianwali district has an extreme climate with a long hot summer season and dry cold winters. Summer lasts from May to September and winter lasts from November till February. June is the hottest month with average temperature of 42 °C (highest recorded temperature was 52 °C); in winter, the average temperature can be as low as 3 to 4 °C, particularly in December and January. The average rainfall in the district is about 385 mm.

 Administration 
The district is administratively divided into three tehsils 7 Municipal Committees and 51 union councils:

 Demographics 
At the time of the 2017 census, Mianwali district had 237,952 households and a population of 1,542,601. Mianwali had a sex ratio of 998 females per 1000 males and a literacy rate of 61.28% - 78.54% for males and 44.35% for females. 327,812 (21.25%) lived in urban areas. 396,880 (25.73%) were under 10 years of age. In 2023, the district had 296,614 households and a population of 1,798,268.

 Religion 

As per the 2017 census, Muslims made up almost the entire population with 99.53%, although there is a small mainly urban minority of Christians numbering 7,000.

 Language 

At the time of the 2017 census, 76.05% of the population spoke Saraiki, 11.53% Pashto, 9.35% Punjabi and 2.76% Urdu as their first language.

 People 
Mian Sultan Zikria - Famous sufi saint from the Mianwali district
Amjad Khan Niazi - Chief of Naval Staff of Pakistan Navy.
Nawab Malik Amir Mohammad Khan - Chief of the Awan tribe, Nawab of Kalabagh, Former Governor of the West Pakistan.
Tilok Chand Mehroom – Urdu poet
Jagannath Azad – Urdu-Speaking poet of Hindu academic.
Imran Khan – Former captain of the Pakistan cricket team who won the 1992 Cricket World Cup. He had been elected twice the member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Mianwali and served as the 22nd Prime minister of the Islamic Republic Of Pakistan .
Attaullah Khan Esakhelvi – Folk singer
Abdul Sattar Khan Niazi – religious and political leader of Pakistan
Misbah-ul-Haq – Pakistani cricketer
Sher Afgan Niazi – The Ex-Minister of Law and Member of Parliament
Sardar Khan Niazi – Chief Editor and publisher of Daily Pakistan, Daily The Patriot, Daily Pak Watan, Daily Action, Daily Nawa-e-Nawabshah, Monthly Naya Rukh, and also Chairman of the Pakistan Group of Publications.
Shadab Khan – Pakistani cricketer.
Aqeela Asifi – Afghan refugee and teacher who has educated thousands of other Afghan refugee children in Mianwali
General Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi - Ex. Commandent Eastern Command Bengal.
Lt General Muhammad Aslam Shah- Corps Commander Pakistan Army
Lt General Zarar Azim- Corps Commander Pakistan Army
Major General Sanaullah Khan Niazi - Two star Major-General rank officer of Pakistan military, GOC Malakand, who embraced martyrdom in Pakistan's War on terrorism.
Major General Javed Sultan Khan- Two star Major-General rank officer of Pakistan military, GOC Kohat, who embraced martyrdom in Pakistan's War on terrorism.
Major General Hidayatullah Khan Niazi -Two star Major-General rank officer of Pakistan military
Major General Inayatullah Khan Niazi-Two star Major-General rank officer of Pakistan military
Major General Rafiullah Khan Niazi- Two star Major-General rank officer of Pakistan military
Air Vice Marshal Abdul Razzaq Anjum- Two star Air Vice Marshal of Pakistan Air Force

 Places of interest 

Mari Indus railway station
Kalabagh Dam
Jinnah Barrage
Chashma Barrage
Namal Lake
Kundian Railway Station
Daud Khel Railway Station
Mari Indus Railway Station

 See also 
Mianwali
Issa Khel
Piplan
Kundian

 Further reading 
"Manaqib-E-Sultani" By Mian Alamgir
"Wichara Watan" By Harish Chander Nakra, New Delhi, India

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

History of Niazi tribe
Niazi chiefs in the service of Mughals
Niazi uprising against the Sikhs (1829-30)
History of Kalabagh
Mianwali Online
"Kundian – Welcome to Global Kundian". Archived from the original on 11 January 2020. Retrieved 21 February 2023.

Nagaland Cricket Association Stadium
The Nagaland Cricket Association Stadium or Sovima Cricket Stadium is a cricket stadium located at Sovima in the Chümoukedima District of Nagaland. It is the only cricket stadium in the northeastern Indian state of Nagaland.In 2012, Nagaland Cricket Association and Government of Nagaland inaugurated a new stadium in Sovima. It had 10.33 crores and contained all the modern technologies.The ground has floodlights so that the stadium can host day-night matches. 
It also has a branch of the National Cricket Academy so that players need not to travel to Guwahati and other places for training and coaching camps.The first match played on this ground was between the Under-16 Dimapur district team and the Sovima Youth Cricket Club. Dimapur defeated Sovima Youth Cricket Club by 68 runs in this friendly match of 50 overs in April 2012.In 2013, the stadium was the host of the Nagaland Cricket Association North East Twenty20 Cup.
Ranji trophy season 2024 me ek match isi stadium mein khela gya Jo Nagaland versus Hyderabad khela gya jisme nagaland ek inning or 194 runs se haar gaya

 References 

 External links 
ESPNcricinfo

Alicja Tchórz
Alicja Tchórz (born 13 August 1992) is a Polish swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 100 metre backstroke, finishing in 25th place in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the Women's 100 metre backstroke.In 2017, she competed at The World Games in 2017 in Lifesaving, where she won a silver and a bronze medal.Alicja was part of the New York Breakers for the season 2 of the International Swimming League in 2020.[1]
In 2021, she won gold medal in the 100m medley at the 2021 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Kazan, Russia.

 References 

 External links 
Alicja Tchórz  at World Aquatics 
Alicja Tchórz at the International Swimming League (archived)
Alicja Tchórz at Swimrankings.net 
Alicja Tchórz at the World Games 
Alicja Tchórz at Olympedia 
Alicja Tchórz at Olympics.com
Alicja Tchórz at the Polski Komitet Olimpijski (archive) (in Polish)

Adrianna Sułek
Adrianna Sułek (pronounced [adrˈjan.na ˈsu.wɛk]; born 3 April 1999) is a Polish athlete competing in the combined events. She won the silver medal in the pentathlon at the 2022 World Indoor Championships. Sułek placed fourth in the heptathlon at the 2022 World Championships, and took silvers at the 2022 European Championships and 2023 European Indoor Championships.
She was the heptathlon 2018 World Under-20 Championships bronze medallist, and 2021 European U23 champion. Sułek is the Polish record holder for both the heptathlon and pentathlon. She won seven individual national titles.

 Early life and background 
Adrianna Sułek was brought up by her mother, a Polish philologist, in Ostromecko near Bydgoszcz. She started out playing volleyball and competed in 2014 as a middle attacker at Pałac Bydgoszcz club. After she had been given an ultimatum to play as a libero because of her height, she switched to track and field, competing for Zawisza Bydgoszcz and coached by Wiesław Czapiewski who died in 2019.Sułek graduated from XI Sports High School in Bydgoszcz and, as of 2022, was a student of Journalism and Social Communication at Maria Curie-Skłodowska University in Lublin.

 Career 

 2016–2022 
Sułek made her international debut in 2016, finishing 14th in the heptathlon at the European Under-18 Championships held in Tbilisi, Georgia.
After her bronze in the event at the 2018 World Under-20 Championships and European U23 gold in 2021, she had a breakthrough 2022 season. At the World Indoor Championships in Belgrade in March, the 22-year-old won the silver medal in the pentathlon, breaking Urszula Włodarczyk's 24-year-old Polish national record by 43 points with her score of 4851 points. In July, she placed fourth in the heptathlon at the World Championships held in Eugene, Oregon, totalling 6672 points and beating Małgorzata Nowak's Polish record dating back to 1985 by 56 pts. She wrapped up her long season the following month by taking silver at the Munich European Championships, where she lost injured (biceps femoris problems) only to two-time Olympic champion Nafissatou Thiam. Sułek set in this competition personal bests in three disciplines. She achieved altogether four heptathlons over 6400 points that year to secure her first overall World Combined Events Tour victory, becoming only the second Polish athlete after Włodarczyk in 1998 to do so.

 2023–present 
In March 2023, Sułek broke for the first time the pentathlon 5000-point barrier to set her second Polish record that year in the event. She established personal bests in four events and scored 5014 pts at the European Indoor Championships held in Istanbul, Turkey, beating the world record set in 2012 in the same Ataköy Arena by Ukraine's Nataliya Dobrynska (5013 pts). Finishing first the 800 m run, the final of the five events in pentathlon, Sułek held the new world record for about six seconds only and had to settle for silver, however, as Thiam set even better mark of 5055 pts.

 Achievements 

 International competitions 

 Personal bests 

 Circuit wins and titles, National titles 
World Athletics Combined Events Tour Overall winner: 2022
2022: Wiesław Czapiewski Memorial
Polish Athletics Championships
Heptathlon: 2019, 2021, 2022
4 × 100 m relay: 2019
Polish Indoor Athletics Championships
Pentathlon: 2018, 2019, 2022, 2023

 References 

 External links 

Adrianna Sułek at World Athletics
Adrianna Sułek at the Polish Athletic Association (in Polish)
Adrianna Sułek at Olympedia

Tetsuto Yamada
Tetsuto Yamada (山田 哲人, Yamada Tetsuto, born July 16, 1992) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). Yamada made his NPB debut in 2012 with Yakult, and has played with them for his whole career. He has won the Central League MVP award, has received the Best Nine Award six times, has been selected to six NPB All-Star Series appearances, and has a Japan Series championship. He has led the Central League in stolen bases three times and home runs once, hitting 30 home runs and stealing 30 bases in a single season on four occasions. In 2014 he broke the single season record for most hits by a Japanese right-hander in the NPB, and in 2015 became the first player in NPB history to lead his league in home runs and stolen bases in the same season. He has been compared to Mike Trout for his combination of power and speed.Yamada has also played for the Japanese national team Samurai Japan. In 2014 and 2018, he won the MLB Japan All-Star Series with them. He has played for Japan in the WBSC Premier12 tournaments of 2015 and 2019, and was on the Japanese team during the 2017 World Baseball Classic. In 2021, he was selected to the host nation's team for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, where he won both the gold medal and the MVP award.

 Early life 
Yamada was born in Toyooka, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. His father, Tomonori, was a police officer who had competed in Shorinji Kempo in high school. As a child, Yamada did karate and gymnastics, and played soccer when he was in first grade. He started playing baseball as an outfielder in Takarazuka Little League when he was in second grade. After starting middle school, Yamada played for Hyōgo Itami, a team in the Japanese youth baseball organization Young League.He and his family moved to Toyonaka, Osaka when he started attending Riseisha Senior High School. In summer of his freshman year he started on the bench, and started playing second base regularly in the summer of his sophomore year. That fall, he started playing shortstop, showing great defensive ability and leading his team with a .435 batting average in the spring of his junior year; that term his team won the Osaka tournament and finished second in the Kinki regional tournament. In the Summer Koshien of his junior year, he contributed to Riseisha's first win by stealing home in the second round against Tenri High School. In a game against Seiko Gakuin, Yamada hit a home run off Hiroaki Saiuchi, but his team would end up losing. Kouta Inoue, who would later join the Hanshin Tigers, said that home run made him want to attend Riseisha.In the first round of the 2010 Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) draft, Yamada was named by the Tokyo Yakult Swallows and the Orix Buffaloes. Yakult won the rights to his negotiation, and he signed with them for a 7.2 million yen contract on November 25, 2010.

 Professional career 

 Early career (2011-2013) 
Yamada did not play in any regular season games with Yakult in 2011, but played in every game with the Eastern League farm team; however, due to injuries on the main roster, he started the second game of the final Climax Series stage against the Chunichi Dragons at shortstop, going 0-for-4. He was the first ever rookie out of high school to start in the Climax Series. In the fourth game of the series, he recorded his first NPB hit with a 2-out double down the right-field line in the 8th inning, but also committed a costly throwing error in the bottom of the first inning that lead to 4 runs in a 5-1 loss for Yakult.His first regular season appearance came on April 5, 2012, in a pinch-hit at bat, during which he also recorded his first hit. On August 10, 2012, he recorded his first home run in a game against the Yomiuri Giants. For Yakult's farm team in 2012, he had a batting average of almost .300.The following season, due to Yamada's defensive difficulties at shortstop and an offensive slump for Yakult 2nd baseman Hiroyasu Tanaka, Yamada was mostly a fixture at second base after being promoted to the main team in May. On October 6, he hit his first professional grand slam homer off Kenta Maeda of the Hiroshima Toyo Carp. Although he had not yet shown much power as he did not hit any homers until the end of the season, he demonstrated a good eye at the plate, recording a .354 on-base percentage, and also stole nine bases. By his third year out of high school, he had achieved a level of consistency on the main Yakult team.

 Breakout and MVP performance (2014-2015) 

 2014 season 
In 2014, Yamada's hitting improved significantly under the one-on-one guidance of hitting coach Shigeru Sugimura. Throughout the 2014 season, Yamada continued demonstrating excellent plate discipline, and his ability to hit for home runs was greatly improved from previous seasons. He became the first player in NPB history to hit a first-inning lead-off homer in six consecutive months (from April to September). After being selected to his first All-Star Series by his manager's recommendation, he won the Fighting Spirit Award with two hits in the second game, including a home run. In August, he recorded a league-leading 41 hits and won his first MVP of the month award. On October 6, in a game against the Yokohama DeNA BayStars, Yamada went 4-for-5 with a go-ahead grand slam in the 8th inning, which broke the single-season hits record for a Japanese right-handed batter set by Fumio Fujimura in 1950. He ended the regular season with a high batting average of .324 and hitting 29 home runs. His on-base plus slugging percentage of .941 was second in the league, and he lead the league in weighted runs above average with 48.4, indicating how many runs he produced compared to the average player. Sugimura had initially expected Yamada to be a mid-range hitter who could hit the ball to all fields, but was surprised by his development into a power hitter with a high on-base percentage. During the off-season on October 9, Yamada was selected to represent Japan in the MLB Japan All-Star Series. In the training game, he played first base for the first time since joining professional baseball.

 2015 season (MVP award) 
After Yamada's strong offensive performance the previous year, Sugimura said before the 2015 season that he had the potential to accomplish a "triple three"—a .300 batting average, 30 home runs, and 30 stolen bases in a single season; this was despite his relatively low stolen base total of 15 in 2014. In the middle of the season, Yakult manager Mitsuru Manaka decided to move Yamada to third in the lineup, leading to improvements in his hitting. Yamada had an excellent summer, winning the MVP of the month award in three consecutive months from July to September. Between an at-bat on August 21 and three at-bats on August 22 against Chunichi, he hit four home runs in a row, tying an NPB record. With this series of homers, he also cleared the 30 home run mark for the first time in his career. On September 6, in a game against Hiroshima, he stole his 30th stolen base, which secured a triple three in his 2015 season, becoming the first NPB player to accomplish the feat since Matsui Akira in 2002 and the ninth in NPB history, as well as the youngest ever in the Central League.He finished the 2015 season with a .329 batting average, 38 home runs, 100 runs batted in, and 34 stolen bases, which were all career highs. He finished first in the league in home runs, stolen bases, and on-base percentage, finishing second in batting average, hits, and runs batted in. It was the first time in NPB history that a player won both the home run and stolen base titles in the same season. He was named the Central League MVP. His season performance greatly contributed to Yakult advancing to the 2015 Japan Series against the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks. In Game 3, Yamada hit three consecutive home runs in one game for the first time in the Series' history. Yakult would lose the series 1-4, but Yamada won the Fighting Spirit Award, given to the most valuable player on the losing team. In assessing his MVP season in October 2015, the Japan Times wrote, "Yamada had a 2015 the likes of which is seldom seen in Japanese baseball."On December 8, during the off-season, Yakult renewed Yamada's contract, signing him for an annual salary of 220 million yen. The team also announced that his uniform number would be changed from 23, which he had been wearing in previous seasons, to 1 starting in the 2016 season. The jersey number 1 has been historically worn by prominent Yakult players; in a special ceremony, Yamada was given his new jersey by Nori Aoki. Yamada expressed that although he felt some added pressure in inheriting a jersey number with such significance, he would do his best to live up to expectations.

 Continuing success and multiple triple threes (2016-2019) 
In 2016, he was selected to represent Japan in the Samurai Japan training match against Chinese Taipei on February 15, before the season started. In June of the regular season, he played in 23 games and ranked first in the league in batting average, home runs, and runs batted in with a .346 batting average, 28 hits, 10 home runs, and 28 runs batted in, earning him his fifth monthly MVP award, tying Alex Ramírez for a Yakult record. However, on July 30, in a game against the Giants at Tokyo Dome, he was hit in the back by a pitch. He continued to appear in games, but on August 9 he complained of pain and was replaced midway through the game. He was diagnosed with a contusion of the left eighth rib, and was struck from the roster on August 10. After a two-week absence, he returned to the lineup and showed signs of recovery, hitting three homers in one game against the Hanshin Tigers on September 10, but was hit again in the back by a pitch in his first at-bat against Hanshin the next day. Although he appeared to be in great pain for several minutes, he stayed in the game. Despite his injury, he ended the season hitting .304 with 38 home runs and 30 stolen bases, achieving a second consecutive triple three. It was the first time in NPB history that a player had achieved a triple three in consecutive years. He also won the stolen base title for a second year in a row and led the league in walks.In 2017, he was the only player on the team to play every a full inning in every game, despite struggling with lower body conditions. However, he continued to underperform throughout the year, and finished the season with a .247 batting average, 24 home runs, and 14 stolen bases. Yakult had a very poor season overall, losing a franchise record 96 games.
In 2018, Yamada aimed to get another triple-three. He broke free of his slump from the previous year and was consistent from the start of the season. He reached a double digit home run count for the fifth consecutive season with a solo homer on May 11 against Yokohama. In a home game against Chunichi on June 28, he recorded his first professional walkoff hit with a three-run home run in the bottom of the ninth inning. On July 9 in an away game against the Giants, he became the first player born in the Heisei era to hit for the cycle. On his birthday he had a ninth inning RBI that tied the game and allowed Yakult to complete a comeback victory against DeNA. His 12-game RBI streak from July 20 to August 4 ranks second all-time in the NPB. He reached the 30 stolen base mark again on August 31 against Hiroshima. He finished the 2018 season with a .315 batting average, 34 home runs, and 33 stolen bases, achieving the third triple three of his career. He also posted an OPS of 1.014 and led a strong Yakult lineup. He was named to the NPB Best Nine for the first time in two years.In 2019, Aoki, Yamada, and Wladimir Balentien hit three consecutive home runs off Tomoyuki Sugano on April 26 against the Giants at Yakult's home Meiji Jingu Stadium. A month later, on May 26, the same trio again hit three consecutive home runs. On September 4 against Hiroshima, Yamada hit a grand slam, bringing his career home run total to 200. At 27 years and one month old, he was the fifth youngest player in NPB history to reach the milestone and the youngest in franchise history. He also set a new NPB record by successfully stealing 38 consecutive bases, continuing a streak from the previous year, until he was caught stealing against DeNA on September 14. On December 24, he renewed his contract with an estimated salary of 500 million yen.

 Struggles and Japan Series Championship (2020-present) 
On June 28, 2020, in a game against the Giants at Jingu Stadium, he hit a 6th-inning grand slam off Takahiro Fujioka. On August 30 at Yokohama Stadium against DeNA, he hit his sixth career grand slam off Kosuke Sakaguchi with two outs in the second inning, for his second grand slam of the season. He hit two grand slams that year, and on September 20 against Hiroshima at Jingu Stadium, he hit a three-run homer for the second year in a row off Yuta Nakamura, with Taiki Hamada, Nobuchika Aoki, and Yamada. In the 2020 season he posted his worst batting average, slugging percentage, and OPS since 2014. On September 3, he acquired free agent rights in Japan and his status attracted a lot of attention, but he decided to stay with Yakult instead of exercising his free agent rights, and signed a new seven-year contract with an estimated annual salary of 500 million yen plus piecework. He also volunteered to replace Aoki as team captain starting in 2021.Yamada's slump continued into the start of the 2021 season,but his performance gradually improved after the start of interleague play. He made his sixth appearance in the 2021 All-Star Series, where he celebrated his 29th birthday during the first game. He hit his 30th home run on September 26, a grand slam off Shinnosuke Ogasawara against Chunichi at Jingu Stadium, marking his fifth 30-homer season. In that game he had two home runs and seven RBIs. Although his stolen base attempts were greatly reduced due to a leg condition he suffered from throughout the season, he was fourth in the league with 34 home runs, third with 101 runs batted in, and fourth with an OPS of .885. As captain, he also went to the mound to inspire pitchers in a pinch and actively gave advice to younger players on the bench. He formed a strong duo with Munetaka Murakami who was batting fourth, and Yakult reversed their poor performances of the past two years to top the Central League standings at the end of the season. In the Japan Series against the Orix Buffaloes, he hit a game-tying three-run homer off Tyler Higgins in the 8th inning of Game 5, tying him with Katsuo Osugi and Takahiro Ikeyama for the most Japan Series home runs in franchise history. Although Yamada was in a slump with a .167 batting average in the series overall, the team won its first championship in 20 years. After the season he said he was aiming for a fourth triple three in 2022 as well as becoming a great defender and winning another championship.Yamada was determined to be aggressive on the base paths in order to achieve another triple three in the 2022 season. In his first at-bat on Opening Day, he was hit by a pitch from Shintaro Fujinami. Later that game, he hit a game-tying solo home run in the top of the ninth inning to contribute to a 7-run comeback victory, the largest in Opening Day history. He was a key figure in Yakult's victory in interleague play. After contracting COVID-19 in July, his condition, which had been seeming to improve, worsened and he began to slump further. According to his teammates, after a sixth consecutive Yakult loss in August, Yamada tearfully . By the end of the season he posted 23 home runs, an OPS of .800, and a league-worst 140 strikeouts. His on-base percentage of .333 was the worst since he became a regular starter. In spite of Yamada's individual struggles, Yakult secured the Central League pennant for a second consecutive year.In 2023, he injured his lower body in a game against DeNA on April 12, was removed from the roster the next day, and returned to the starting lineup on April 28. On May 23, he hit a two-run homer in the 6th inning of a home game against Hanshin, becoming the third player in history to hit 150 homers at Jingu Stadium. He injured his right leg in a game against Hiroshima on July 2, and was struck from the roster the next day. He returned to the roster on  August 1, and on August 13 he hit a two-run home run against Hanshin, achieving a double-digit home run total in 10 consecutive seasons, tying a franchise record with Katsumi Hirosawa. In Yakult's final game of the season, Yamada hit a walk-off sacrifice fly, which saved Yakult from finishing last in the Central League. He finished the season with a .231 batting average, 14 home runs, and 40 runs batted in in 105 games, marking the first time in 10 years that he did not have enough at-bats to qualify for the batting title rankings.

 International career 

 Japanese national team 
On October 9, 2015, Yamada was named to the Japanese national team, Samurai Japan, for the inaugural WBSC Premier12, in which Japan won the bronze medal. He again represented Japan in the 2019 WBSC Premier12. He struggled offensively for most of the tournament, but drove in two runs in the team's penultimate game and hit a three-run homer in the championship game to help Japan win the tournament for the first time. He represented Japan in the 4th World Baseball Classic held in March 2017. He played primarily as the designated hitter in the leadoff spot, and hit two home runs in one game against Cuba in the second round, becoming the eighth batter in tournament history to do so. He was selected to represent Japan in the 5th World Baseball Classic before the start of the 2023 season.On October 10, 2018, he was selected to play in the 2018 MLB Japan All-Star Series.In 2021, Yamada played for Team Japan at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo. Overall, he went 7-for-20 with a home run and seven RBIs, starting in all five games the team played. He hit a 3-run home run in the third inning of a 7-4 win over Mexico. His bases-loaded double in the semifinal round against South Korea gave Japan a 5-2 lead, which they maintained and secured a spot in the final. In the gold medal match versus the United States, he scored the second of two runs in Japan's 2-0 victory. Yamada was named the Tokyo 2020 MVP by the World Baseball Softball Confederation.

 Overturned home run in the 2017 WBC 
During the fourth round of the 2017 World Baseball Classic, in the fourth inning of a game against Cuba, Yamada hit a ball to left field that was caught by a junior high school student in the stands. The hit was initially ruled a home run, but upon replay review the call was overturned and it was ruled a double instead. Following the play, the student received a large amount of criticism on the internet, and users identified his Twitter account. Comments about the incident falsely attributed to Yamada were also spread on the internet.After the game, Yamada did comment on the play, saying that he did not mind the student catching the ball, and expressed his desire for the boy to continue to attend baseball games.

 Player profile 

 Batting 
Yamada was well-regarded for his power before he became a professional player, hitting 31 home runs in high school. Although he has been called the best NPB player in terms of power and speed, Yamada does not call himself a home run hitter. He is a right-handed hitter who has always had a strong tendency to pull the ball into left field, and has been increasing that percentage year by year. Multiple foreign players in the league have said that Yamada, despite his relatively small size, can hit for home runs so well because of his ability to hit under the ball and apply backspin, as well as his quick bat speed. Yakult's home Jingu Stadium is one of the smallest stadiums in NPB, contributing to players' ability to hit home runs there, but in 2018 Yamada's average home run distance at Jingu was 121.7 m, with only a few home runs that were aided by the stadium dimensions.He swings very infrequently, with a 38.8% swing rate in 2014, the seventh lowest among qualifying NPB batters, and 36.6% as of the end of May 2016, the third lowest among qualifying hitters and the lowest in the Central League. His chase rate led NPB hitters in 2016 as of May, decreasing from 24.9% to 17.6% since 2014.

 Base running 
In 2015, he recorded an 89.5% stolen base success rate, and topped the NPB in BsR (total contribution to runs scored from stolen bases and base running), with high contributions to runs scored from both stolen bases and base running. According to Tsuyoshi Ueda, who played with him until the 2020 season, Yamada finds success in base-stealing because of his aggressiveness and his ability to read the opposing pitcher and catcher. According to the pitchers he has played against, he surprises by having a small lead when he gets on base and not giving a sense of wanting to steal a base, but running on the first pitch. He has also drawn attention for his sliding technique at home plate, which he has specifically worked on in practice.

 Fielding 
Yamada initially played shortstop during his tenure in Yakult's Eastern League farm team, before becoming the regular second baseman on the main roster. Although he is primarily a second baseman, he has also played first base and third base for Samurai Japan due to conflicts with other position players.According to a veteran scout for another team, those scouting Yamada had no problems with his hitting or base running, but his defense was bad enough that he was considered a second- or third-round pick. However, since entering NPB, his fielding ability, especially his range, has been praised by the American media. Up to the start of the 2013 season, he struggled with throwing balls from the shortstop position, but after starting to play primarily second base after his call-up in May, his defense improved considerably. In his 2015 MVP season, he was second among Central League second basemen with a .989 fielding percentage and posted a 17.6 ultimate zone rating, which compares fielders to the league average. He has never won a Gold Glove Award, which he has described as one of his most important goals.

 Career highlights 

 Statistical titles 

 Awards/honors received 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Career statistics and player information from MLB, or Baseball Reference (Minors)
NPB.com

Sonshine Media Network International
Sonshine Media Network International (SMNI), also known by its legal operating name Swara Sug Media Corporation (SSMC), is a Filipino broadcast media arm of the Kingdom of Jesus Christ (KJC) led by the Filipino televangelist Pastor Apollo C. Quiboloy. Based in Davao City and Makati, it operates a network of radio and television broadcasting stations.
It currently owns and operates a sister channel (SMNI News Channel), the broadcasting network is available over terrestrial broadcast in the Philippines, and on cable, satellite, and online streaming worldwide. The network now owns and operates two television networks, where the main flagship station, based in Davao City, maintains an uninterrupted 24-hour service through regular repetition of a dozen self-produced Kingdom Programs in English, Filipino, and dozens of foreign languages along with news, public affairs, public service, infotainment, sports and entertainment programs. On the other hand, the network's sister channel SMNI News Channel, based in Makati, primarily provides rolling news coverage and public affairs programs, which broadcasts exclusively in Digital TV format in Metro Manila, Metro Davao, Benguet and Cagayan de Oro. It also maintains a network of radio stations under the "Sonshine Radio" brand of the Swara Sug Media Corporation.
The broadcasting network was licensed in late 2003 by the Philippine government to operate seven analog free-to-air television channels in key cities across the country. It also has two digital terrestrial channels in Metro Manila and Metro Davao.

 History 
The Kingdom of Jesus Christ's Media Ministry, known today as SMNI, traced its roots on the radio, with the program "Pagsusi sa Kamatuoran" (Searching for Truth/Paghahanap ng Katotohanan) on radio stations DXDC and DXUM. The television ministry began in 1991, when they launched their first television program, "The Hour of Truth" aired nationally on IBC and ABS-CBN stations in Visayas and Mindanao, followed by "Powerline" in 1995.
In July 2000, The Kingdom of Jesus Christ officially launched its 24-hour cable network, "The Q Channel" (then also known as "ACQ–TV, Q Channel", not to be confused with defunct Philippine TV network QTV), bringing the Gospel of the Kingdom from Davao City to key cities around the Philippines, which was carried by Sky Cable in Davao City, General Santos, Bacolod, Iloilo, Cebu, Tagum and Baguio.
On 25 April 2003, The Q Channel successfully metamorphosed as the "ACQ–Kingdom Broadcasting Network (ACQ-KBN)", with an expanded reach across the Asia-Pacific region and the United States via satellite, using its own Satellite Uplink Broadcast Station located at Davao Central, also carrying the new slogan "Delivering the Good news 24 hours a day, 7 days a week". During also in the same year, ACQ-KBN launched its first TV station Sonshine TV-43 Davao, and introduced new religious programs such as Give Us This Day, Sounds of Worship, Batang Kaharian (lit. Kingdom Child), Way Ahead, Highest Praise, Quiet Moments and many more.
In 2004, ACQ-KBN signed a historic agreement with GlobeCast World TV, which aims to expand its broadcast footprint around the world. In the same year also that KJC through ACQ-KBN launched its own radio station in Davao City as "DXAQ Kingdom Radio 1404 AM".
In March 2005, KJC and ACQ-KBN acquired the congressional franchise, ownership and management of the Swara Sug Media Corporation (SSMC). at the same day, ACQ-KBN and SSMC acquired all the NBC Angel Radyo AM stations from Nation Broadcasting Corporation, which in turn, gave birth as the "Sonshine Radio" network.
On 6 November 2005, DWAQ-TV Channel 39 signed on the air and began its test broadcast as "ACQ-KBN Sonshine TV-39 Metro Manila". On 8 January 2006, ACQ-KBN Sonshine TV 39 was launched during the first Global Thanksgiving and Worship presentation of the Kingdom of Jesus Christ, which held at the PhilSports Arena, the network ventured from Cable TV broadcasting to Free-to-Air TV broadcasting, and broadcasts with the transmitter power of 60 kilowatts.On 5 June 2006, ACQ-KBN Sonshine TV launched "Sonshine Media Network International (SMNI)" as News and Public Affairs block which became a tie-up of ACQ-KBN Sonshine TV-39 in Metro Manila and ACQ-KBN Sonshine TV-43 in Davao, with the original slogan "Service First, Right Here, Right Now, Worldwide".
On 30 July 2006, ACQ-KBN Sonshine TV is now on Nationwide with more than 500 cable TV operators across the Philippines.
On 4 January 2009, ACQ-KBN Sonshine TV-37 in Santiago, Isabela officially signed on as the network's third TV station during the first Global Thanksgiving and Worship presentation at the Buenavista Barangay Hall in Santiago, Isabela. A few months later on 10 May 2009, The ACQ-KBN Sonshine TV-39 Butuan was also launched after the first global thanksgiving and Worship presentation at the Luciana Convention Center in Butuan.
In August 2010, a merger took place between ACQ-KBN and Sonshine TV, as the two programming blocks had been consolidated. As a result, the ACQ-KBN branding ceased to exist, and officially relaunched under the newly rebranded "SMNI". Coinciding with this, the network unveiled its new slogan "Alternative media, Alternative power, it Sustains Life" (first slogan) and "Informs, Delivers, Transforms" (second slogan), along with its new station ID.
In January 2011, SMNI adopted another new slogan, "Where Everything is Possible", also with its new station ID.
In 24 May 2016, SMNI launched its own News and Public affairs channel as SMNI News Channel and it is exclusively aired over Digital Terrestrial Television on UHF Channel 40 in Metro Manila until 31 December 2022 (move to UHF Channel 43 starting 1 January 2023) and its internet Live streaming.
In 31 August 2019, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte signed Republic Act No. 11422 which renewed Swara Sug Media Corporation license for another 25 years. The law grants SSMC a franchise to construct, install, operate, and maintain, for commercial purposes, radio broadcasting stations and television stations, including digital television system, with the corresponding facilities such as relay stations, throughout the Philippines.In 26 January 2022, the National Telecommunications Commission assigned the network's television frequency on channel 43 which was formerly used by Mareco Broadcasting Network as a TV carry-over station of 105.1 Crossover from 1994 to 2000 and AMCARA Broadcasting Network for ABS-CBN's DTT broadcast on ABS-CBN TV Plus from 2013 to 2020. In 1 January 2023, SMNI began to transmit its digital test broadcast on UHF Channel 43 (647.143 MHz) as its permanent frequency assigned by NTC.
In 19 February 2023, SMNI DTT Channel 43 officially signed on during the first Global Thanksgiving and Worship presentation at the Ynares Center in Antipolo, Rizal. The network covered in Metro Manila and nearby provinces. Channel 43 will be used as the main channel of SMNI on DTT, while retaining the use of Channel 39 as a secondary channel after transitioning from analog to digital signal.

 SMNI TV programs 

 Domestic stations 

 TV stations 

 TV nationwide 

 Digital terrestrial television 

 SMNI TV on pay television 
And 500 Cable TV Operators in the Philippines.

 Radio stations 

 Partnership talks with CGTN 

 Controversies 

 Alleged bias and far-right content 
SMNI has been a subject of many criticisms and allegations from independent media watchdogs, particularly on misinformation, false accusation, and right-wing bias while maintaining its editorial control. 
Media institutions and sectoral rights groups have accused SMNI of spreading misinformation and fake news while at the same time attacking critics of the Duterte administration and several media outlets in the form of "red-tagging".

 Termination of YouTube channel 
On 7 July 2023, YouTube terminated the channels of SMNI and one of its programs, Laban Kasama ang Bayan (transl. Fight with the People), along with KJC, following a previous ban on Quiboloy's YouTube channel which was terminated on 21 June. Google later stated that their actions were in compliance with existing sanctions by the United States against Quiboloy pursuant to the US Global Magnitsky Act and harmful misinformation regarding red-tagging; Quiboloy was previously indicted by the United States Department of Justice on charges of human trafficking and child sexual abuse.Quiboloy and SMNI later created accounts on the alt-tech video service Rumble as well as an alternate account for SMNI on YouTube in defiance of sanctions. The alternate account was suspended by YouTube a few days later. On 15 September 2023, the SMNI News Facebook page was deleted, in accordance to Meta's Dangerous Organizations and Individuals Policy.

 House franchise probe 
On 28 November 2023, the Philippine House Committee on Legislative Franchises launched an investigation on SMNI, following a report claimed by Laban Kasama ang Bayan co-host Jeffrey Celiz about travel expenses allocated to House Speaker Martin Romualdez where he spent ₱1.8 billion. Quezon 2nd District Representative David Suarez called the report "fake news". The Kapisanan ng mga Brodkaster ng Pilipinas (KBP) also flagged SMNI, Celiz and co-host Lorraine Badoy for violating its Code of Ethics even when they were unaccredited broadcasters.SMNI faced legal scrutiny following the investigation, including the revocation of its congressional franchise. PBA Partylist Representative Margarita Nograles filed a resolution urging the National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) to suspend the broadcast operations of SMNI for violating its franchise.

 Suspension of operations 
On 21 December 2023, the NTC, in response to the House resolution, announced that it had issued two days earlier a 30-day suspension order on the broadcast operations of SMNI for alleged violations of its franchise, as well as a show cause order against the media network, giving them 15 days from receipt of the order to provide explanation on why it should not be administratively sanctioned.SMNI later filed motions, urging three NTC officials to inhibit from its administrative case due to perceived bias, and asking the NTC to specify and detail their violations; the latter request was denied. On 22 January 2024, the suspension was made indefinite by the NTC citing the network's failure to comply with an earlier order.At the time of issuance of the first order, the network had 13 radio stations (10 in AM, three in FM), 14 television stations, and 22 digital terrestrial television stations.

 Relationship with other media outlets 
On November 2019, one of his daily comedic discussions following a performance by Gian Magdangal on Tawag ng Tanghalan: Celebrity Champions, Vice Ganda made a joke after the founder of Kingdom of Jesus Christ, Apollo Quiboloy, among other claims of being responsible for stopping calamities, claimed that he was responsible for stopping the 2019 Cotabato earthquakes. Vice Ganda jokingly challenged Quiboloy to stop the airing of It's Showtime, which is one of the longest-running ABS-CBN television programs alongside FPJ's Ang Probinsyano, and the constant traffic on EDSA, a major road network in Metro Manila. Members of Quiboloy's church took offense and expressed their dismay for Vice Ganda. Radio broadcaster and SMNI anchor, Mike Abe, a friend of Quiboloy, defended the founder and criticized Vice heavily in his program. Two days after the joke, Quiboloy instead threatened that he will not only stop FPJ's Ang Probinsyano, but also to shutdown ABS-CBN as a whole within four months. The network went off-air in 2020 in a controversial refusal to renew the network's franchise by the legislature, an act that was seen by Quiboloy and his followers as the fulfillment of his previous remarks against the comedian.During the airing of SMNI's Laban Kasama ang Bayan, its hosts Jeffrey "Ka Eric" Celiz and Lorraine Badoy have accused journalists, including Atom Araullo
and Rappler CEO Maria Ressa, and media outlets, such as Bulatlat, of being part of the CPP-NPA-NDF.

 See also 
Kingdom Of Jesus Christ The Name Above Every Name
Kingdom Radio
KJC King Dome
Pinas

 References 
"ACQ KBN granted franchise to open 38 free TV stations". Sun.Star Davao. December 27, 2003. Archived from the original on September 30, 2007. Retrieved August 21, 2011.
"Globecast ACQ-KBN satellite channel listing". Archived from the original on October 30, 2005. Retrieved November 11, 2005.

 External links 
Official website

Preschool
A preschool (sometimes spelled as pre school or pre-school), also known as nursery school, pre-primary school, play school or creche, is an educational establishment or learning space offering early childhood education to children before they begin compulsory education at primary school. It may be publicly or privately operated, and may be subsidized from public funds.

 Terminology 
Terminology varies by country. In some European countries the term "kindergarten" refers to formal education of children classified as ISCED level 0 – with one or several years of such education being compulsory –  before children start primary school at ISCED levellt 1.The following terms may be used for educational institutions for this age group:

Pre-primary or creche from 6 weeks old to 6 years old- is an educational childcare service a parent can enroll their child(ren) in before primary school. This can also be used to define services for children younger than kindergarten age, especially in countries where kindergarten is compulsory. The pre-primary program takes place in a nursery school.
Nursery school (UK and US) from 0 months to 5 years old- is a pre-primary educational child care institution which includes Preschool.
Daycare (US) from 0 months to 2½ years old – held in a Nursery School, but can also be called "a child care service" or a "crèche".
Preschool (US and UK) from 2 to 5 years old- held in a Nursery School; readiness has to do with whether the child is on track developmentally, and potty training is a big factor, so a child can start as early as 2 years old. Preschool education is important and beneficial for any child attending nursery school because it gives the child a head start through social interactions. Through cognitive, psychosocial and physical development-based learning a child in preschool will learn about their environment and how to verbally communicate with others. Children who attend Preschool learn how the world around them works through play and communication.
Pre-K (or Pre-Kindergarten) from 4 to 5 years old- held in Nursery School and is an initiative to improve access to pre-primary schools for children in the USA. There is much more than teaching a child colors, numbers, shapes and so on.
Kindergarten (US) from 5 to 6 years old- held in a Nursery School and/or some primary elementary schools; in many parts of world (less so in English speaking countries) it refers to the first stages of formal education.

 History 

 Origins 
In an age when school was restricted to children who had already learned to read and write at home, there were many attempts to make school accessible to orphans or to the children of women who worked in factories.
In 1779, Johann Friedrich Oberlin and Louise Scheppler founded in Strassbourg an early establishment for caring for and educating pre-school children whose parents were absent during the day. At about the same time, in 1780, similar infant establishments were established in Bavaria In 1802, Pauline zur Lippe established a preschool center in Detmold.
In 1816, Robert Owen, a philosopher and pedagogue, opened the first British and probably globally the first infant school in New Lanark, Scotland. In conjunction with his venture for cooperative mills Owen wanted the children to be given a good moral education so that they would be fit for work. His system was successful in producing obedient children with basic literacy and numeracy.Samuel Wilderspin opened his first infant school in London in 1819, and went on to establish hundreds more. He published many works on the subject, and his work became the model for infant schools throughout England and further afield. Play was an important part of Wilderspin's system of education. He is credited with inventing the playground. In 1823, Wilderspin published On the Importance of Educating the Infant Poor, based on the school. He began working for the Infant School Society the next year, informing others about his views. He also wrote "The Infant System, for developing the physical, intellectual, and moral powers off all children from one to seven years of age".

 Spread 
Countess Theresa Brunszvik (1775–1861), who had known and been influenced by Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi, was influenced by this example to open an Angyalkert ('angel garden' in Hungarian) on 27 May 1828 in her residence in Buda, the first of eleven care centers that she founded for young children.  In 1836 she established an institute for the foundation of preschool centers. The idea became popular among the nobility and the middle class and was copied throughout the Hungarian kingdom.

Friedrich Fröbel (1782–1852) opened a Play and Activity institute in 1837 in the village of Bad Blankenburg in the principality of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt, Thuringia, which he renamed Kindergarten on 28 June 1840. That same year the educator Emily Ronalds was the first British person to study his approach and Fröbel urged her to transplant his concepts in England.Later, women trained by Fröbel opened Kindergartens throughout Europe and around the World. The First Kindergarten in the United States was founded in Watertown, Wisconsin in 1856 and was conducted in German. Elizabeth Peabody founded America's first English-language kindergarten in 1860 and the first free kindergarten in America was founded in 1870 by Conrad Poppenhusen, a German industrialist and philanthropist, who also established the Poppenhusen Institute and the first publicly financed kindergarten in the United States was established in St. Louis in 1873 by Susan Blow. Canada's first private kindergarten was opened by the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island in 1870 and by the end of the decade, they were common in large Canadian towns and cities. The country's first public-school kindergartens were established in Berlin, Ontario in 1882 at Central School. In 1885, the Toronto Normal School (teacher training) opened a department for Kindergarten teaching.Elizabeth Harrison wrote extensively on the theory of early childhood education and worked to enhance educational standards for kindergarten teachers by establishing what became the National College of Education in 1886.
Head Start was the first publicly funded preschool program in the US, created in 1965 by President Johnson for low-income families—only 10% of children were then enrolled in preschool. Due to large demand, various states subsidized preschool for low-income families in the 1980s.

 Developmental areas 

The most important years of learning begin at birth. The first three years of a child's life are critical for setting the foundation for language acquisition, socialization, and attitudes to learning. During the early years and especially during the first 3 to 5 years, humans are capable of absorbing a lot of information. The brain grows most rapidly in the early years. High quality and well trained teachers and preschools with developmentally-appropriate programmes can have a long-term effect on improving learning outcomes for children. The effects tend to be more marked for disadvantaged students i.e. children coming from impoverished backgrounds with very little or no access to healthy food, socialization, books and play resources.The areas of development that preschool education covers varies. However, the following main themes are typically offered.
Personal, social, economic and emotional development
Communication (including sign language), talking and listening
World knowledge and World Understanding
Creative and aesthetic development
Mathematical awareness
Physical development
Physical health
Play
Teamwork
Self-help skills
Social skills
Scientific thinking
LiteracyPreschool systems observe standards for structure (administration, class size, student–teacher ratio, services), process (quality of classroom environments, teacher-child interactions, etc.) and alignment (standards, curriculum, assessments) components. Curriculum is designed for differing ages. For example, counting to 10 is generally after the age of four.
Some studies dispute the benefits of preschool education, finding that preschool can be detrimental to cognitive and social development. A study by UC Berkeley and Stanford University on 14,000 preschools revealed that while there is a temporary cognitive boost in pre-reading and math, preschool holds detrimental effects on social development and cooperation. Research has also shown that the home environment has a greater impact on future outcomes than preschool.There is emerging evidence that high-quality preschools are "play based," rather than attempting to provide early formal instruction in academic subjects. "Playing with other children, away from adults, is how children learn to make their own decisions, control their emotions and impulses, see from others' perspectives, negotiate differences with others, and make friends," according to Peter Gray, a professor at Boston College and an expert on the evolution of play and its vital role in child development. "In short, play is how children learn to take control of their lives."In 2022, 68% of 4-year-olds in the United States attended preschool, with 32% not participating, highlighting the importance of early childhood education.Research by the American Psychological Association indicates that preschool attendees tend to achieve higher scores in cognitive and language assessments, demonstrating the positive impact of early education on intellectual development.High-quality preschool programs are essential for low-income children, and the Economic Policy Institute emphasizes that they provide long-term economic benefits. Investments in preschool lead to higher earnings, increased tax revenues, and a reduction in social costs.Preschools have adopted various methods of teaching, such as Montessori, Waldorf, Head Start, HighScope, Reggio Emilia approach, Bank Street and Forest kindergartens.

 Funding 
While a majority of American preschool programs remain tuition-based, support for some public funding of early childhood education has grown over the years. As of 2008, 38 states and the District of Columbia invested in at least some preschool programs, and many school districts were providing preschool services on their own, using local and federal funds. The United States spends .04% of its GDP or $63 billion on preschool education.The benefits and challenges of a public preschool reflect the available funding. Funding can range from federal, state, local public allocations, private sources, and parental fees. The problem of funding a public preschool occurs not only from limited sources but from the cost per child. As of 2007, the average cost across the lower 48 states was $6,582. Four categories determine the costs of public preschools: personnel ratios, personnel qualifications, facilities and transportation, and health and nutrition services. These costs depend heavily on the cost and quality of services provided. The main personnel factor related to cost is teacher qualifications. Another determinant of cost is the length of the school day. Longer sessions cost more.Collaboration has helped fund programs in several districts. Collaborations with area Head Start and other private preschools helped fund a public preschool in one district. "We're very pleased with the interaction. It's really added a dimension to our program that's been very positive". The National Head Start Bureau has been looking for more opportunities to partner with public schools. Torn Schultz of the Bureau states, "We're turning to partnership as much as possible, either in funds or facilities to make sure children get everything necessary to be ready for school".

 Curriculum 

Curricula for preschool children have long been a hotbed for debate. Much of this revolves around content and pedagogy; the extent to which academic content should be included in the curriculum and whether formal instruction or child-initiated exploration, supported by adults, is more effective. Proponents of an academic curriculum are likely to favour a focus on basic skills, especially literacy and numeracy, and structured pre-determined activities for achieving related goals. Internationally, there is strong opposition to this type of early childhood care and education curriculum and defence of a broad-based curriculum that supports a child's overall development including health and physical development, emotional and spiritual wellbeing, social competence, intellectual development and communication skills. The type of document that emerges from this perspective is likely to be more open, offering a framework which teachers and parents can use to develop curricula specific to their contexts.

 National variations 

Preschool education, like all other forms of education, is intended by the society that controls it to transmit important cultural values to the participants. As a result, different cultures make different choices about preschool education. Despite the variations, there are a few common themes. Most significantly, preschool is universally expected to increase the young child's ability to perform basic self-care tasks such as dressing, feeding, and toileting.

 China 
The study of early childhood education (ECE) in China has been intimately influenced by the reforms and progress of Chinese politics and the economy. Currently, the Chinese government has shown interest in early childhood education, implementing policies in the form of The Guidance for Kindergarten Education (Trial Version) in 2001 and The National Education Reform and Development of Long-Term  planning Programs (2010–2020) in 2010. It has been found that China's kindergarten education has dramatically changed since 1990. In recent years, various Western curricula and pedagogical models have been introduced to China, such as Montessori programs, Reggio Emilia, Developmentally Appropriate Practice (DAP), and the Project Approach. Many kindergartens have faced difficulties and challenges in adapting these models in their programs. Therefore, a heated debate about how the Western curricula can be appropriated in the Chinese cultural context has been initiated between early childhood researchers and practitioners. Research has revealed that the most important aim for promoting curriculum reform is to improve kindergarten teachers' professional knowledge, such as their understanding of the concept of play and pedagogy, and perceptions of inclusion and kindergarten-based curriculum. Furthermore, within the process of reform, family education and family collaborations cannot be ignored in child development.
Early childhood education in China has made dramatic progress since the 1980s. In Tobin, et al. 2009, which studies across three cultures, the continuity and change across the systems of early childhood education are evident. The project report Zhongguo Xueqian Jiaoyu Fazhan Zhanlue Yanjiu Ketizu 2010 reflects upon the development of China's early childhood education and locates the current situation of the development of early childhood education. The historical development of Chinese early childhood education indicates three distinct cultural threads, including traditional culture, communist culture, and Western culture, that have shaped early childhood education in China, as demonstrated in Zhu and Zhang 2008 and Lau 2012. Furthermore, currently, administrative authorities intend to establish an independent budget for the ECE field in order to support early childhood education in rural areas (Zhao and Hu 2008). A higher quality of educational provisions for children living in rural areas will be another goal for the Chinese government. Many researchers have detailed the important issues of early childhood education, especially teacher education. The exploratory study in Hu and Szente 2010 (cited under Early Childhood Inclusive Education) has indicated that Chinese kindergarten teachers hold negative attitudes toward inclusion of children with disabilities, as they do not have enough knowledge and skills for working with this population. This indicates that kindergarten teachers need to improve their perceptions of children with disabilities. Furthermore, Gu 2007 has focused on the issues of new early childhood teachers' professional development and puts forward some feasible suggestions about how new teachers deal with key events in their everyday teaching practices. With regard to families' support of their children's early development at home, family education should be focused and the collaborative partnership between kindergarten and family needs to be enhanced. Teachers' attitudes toward family intervention are a vital aspect of teacher-family collaboration. Therefore, kindergarten teachers should support family members in their role as the child's first teacher and build collaborative partnerships with family, as presented in Ding 2007. Furthermore, kindergarten teachers should be considered as active researchers in children's role play. This supports the co-construction of their teaching knowledge in relation to children's initiation/subjectivity in role play (Liu, et al. 2003).

 India 
Preschool education in India is not yet officially recognized by the government and is largely run by privately held companies. The demand for play schools that cater to caring for very young children is high, with the rise in families in which both parents are working. However, a positive step forward in the direction of formalising preschool education has come forth through the NEP (National Education Policy) 2020. The NEP 2020 has placed a great deal of importance on early childhood care and education, advocating that the foundational stage (3 to 8 years) is critical and requires official/formal intervention. In fact, NEP 2020 has advocated replacing the traditional 10 + 2 schooling system with a 5+3+3+4 system.
In India  there are not just the preschools as an individual institutions but there are hundreds of preschools who operate as a chain of preschools. These preschools work on franchise models and let other entrepreneurs operate preschool under their brand. In 2021 there are almost 450 preschool franchise providers in India.
The demand for preschool teachers in India has been steadily increasing as the importance of early childhood education is widely recognized. With a growing awareness among parents about the crucial role that preschool education plays in a child's overall development, there has been a surge in the number of preschools across the country. This rise in preschools has, in turn, led to a heightened demand for qualified and skilled preschool teachers. These educators are responsible for creating a nurturing and stimulating environment that fosters the social, emotional, and cognitive growth of young children. As the government also emphasizes the significance of early childhood education in its policies, the demand for well-trained preschool teachers is expected to continue to rise. The need for individuals who can cater to the unique needs of pre-schoolers and facilitate their learning experiences makes preschool teaching (as a pre primary teacher which is also known as nursery teacher ) a promising and rewarding career choice in India.

 Ireland 
Starting in the year of 2010, Ireland passed a law stating that all children of the age 3 years and 2 months and less than 4 years and 7 months are qualified to attend a preschool free of charge. Before this law was passed there was a large number of children who did not attend an Early Childhood Education Program. The programs that were offered operated voluntary and required the parents to pay a steep fee per child. This left many families with no option but to keep the kids at home. The government soon realized that a large number of children were having trouble in their first years of primary school and parents were having to stay home becoming jobless. Once the government issued the free preschool scheme, Ireland's preschool enrollment rate increased to about 93%.

 Japan 
In Japan, development of social skills and a sense of group belonging are major goals. Classes tend to have up to 40 students, to decrease the role of the teacher and increase peer interactions. Participation in group activities is highly valued, leading some schools to, for example, count a child who is standing still near a group exercise session as participating. Children are taught to work harmoniously in large and small groups, and to develop cooperativeness, kindness and social consciousness. The most important goal is to provide a rich social environment that increasingly isolated nuclear families do not provide; unstructured play time is valued.Children are allowed to resolve disputes with each other, including physical fighting. Most behavioral problems are attributed to the child's inappropriately expressed emotional dependency. Remedies involve accepting the child, rather than treatment with drugs or punishment. Japanese culture attributes success to effort rather than inborn talent, leading teachers to ignore innate differences between children by encouraging and praising perseverance. They work to ensure that all students meet the standard rather that each reaches his or her own potential. Although preschools exhibit great variety, most target age-appropriate personal development, such as learning empathy, rather than academic programs. Academic programs tend to be more common among Westernized and Christian preschools.Boisterous play is accepted.  Kids are allowed to play with water guns or to make toy swords out of paper.  Gun control is extensive, and real firearms are rarely seen in Japan, but playing with toy weapons is acceptable and encouraged.

 Lithuania 
According to the Law on Education (article 6, 1991, as last amended in April 2016), pre-school education is a part of non-formal education. According to the 7th article of the Law, "the purpose of pre-school education shall be to help a child satisfy inherent, cultural (including ethnic), social and cognitive needs." Despite the provision of pre-school education being an independent function of a municipality, the Law regulates the pre-school curriculum to be "prepared in compliance with the criteria of pre-school curricula approved by the Minister of Education, Science and Sport, [and] shall be implemented by pre-school education schools, general education schools, freelance teachers or other education providers" (article 7 part 4). The ownership of pre-school education facilities (namely, kindergartens) according to the Law could be public (state or municipality) as well as private.

 North Korea 
Preschool education in North Korea is public and provides a variety of activities, such as dance, math, drawing and Korean, as well as basic abilities such as using a spoon and respecting elders. North Korean kindergarten education includes themes common to North Korean propaganda. Subjects include the life of Kim Il Sung, the Japanese occupation of Korea, and the Korean War. Children are taught to enjoy military games and to hate the miguk nom, or "American bastards".

 Turkey 
Preschool education in Turkey starts at the age of 5 while primary level education begins at the age of 6.

 United Kingdom 
In the UK, pre-school education in nursery classes or schools has some local government funding for children aged between two and four. Pre-school education can be provided by childcare centres, playgroups, nursery schools and nursery classes within primary schools. Private voluntary or independent (PVI sector) nursery education is also available throughout the UK and varies between structured pre-school education and a service offering child-minding facilities.
Nursery in England is also called FS1 which is the first year of foundation before they go into primary or infants.
The curriculum goals of a nursery school are more specific than for childcare but less strenuous than for primary school. For example, the Scottish Early Years Framework and the Curriculum for Excellence define expected outcomes even at this age. In some areas, the provision of nursery school services is on a user pays or limited basis while other governments fund nursery school services.

 England 
A voucher system for nursery provision was introduced in England and Wales under the Major government, providing for 15 hours per week free childcare or education for three and four-year-olds, much of it provided through reception classes in primary schools. This was replaced by the Blair government with direct funding by local education authorities. Every child in England at the first school term after their third birthday is now entitled to 15 hours per week free childcare funding.The Early Years Foundation Stage sets the standards that all early years providers must meet to ensure that children learn and develop well and are kept healthy and safe. It promotes teaching and learning to ensure children’s ‘school readiness’ and gives children the broad range of knowledge and skills that provide the right foundation for good future progress through school and life.Pre-schools in England follow the Early Years Foundation Stage statutory framework for education produced by the Department for Education, which carries on into their first year of school at the age of four. This year of school is usually called Reception. All pupils in the Early Years must follow a programme of education in seven areas, divided into 'prime areas' and 'specific areas'.The three prime areas:

communication and language
physical development
personal, social and emotional developmentThe four specific areas:

literacy
mathematics
understanding the world
expressive arts and designUntil the mid-1980s, nursery schools only admitted pupils in the final year (three terms) leading up to their admission to primary school, but pupils now attend nursery school for four or five terms. It is also common practice for many children to attend nursery much earlier than this. Many nurseries have the facilities to take on babies, using the 'Early Years Foundation Stage', framework as a guide to give each child the best possible start to becoming a competent learner and skilful communicator.

 Wales 
Provision in Wales followed England until devolution and subsequently diverged.  Now early years education in Wales is provided half-time for children aged 3–4 (Nursery) and full-time for those between the ages of 4 and 5 (Reception). Since 2005 it has been a statutory duty for all Local Education Authorities to secure sufficient nursery education in their area for children from the term following their third birthday.
Currently, the Early Years curriculum in Wales, produced by the Welsh Assembly Government Department for Children, Education, Lifelong Learning and Skills, is set out in the booklet "Desirable Outcomes for Children's Learning Before Compulsory School Age". However, a new 'Foundation Phase' covering 3- to 7-year-olds is being rolled out across Wales from 2008, with a focus on 'learning through play', which covers seven areas of learning:

Personal and Social Development and Well Being
Language, Literacy and Communication Skills
Mathematical Development
Bilingualism and Multi-cultural Understanding
Knowledge and Understanding of the World
Physical Development
Creative Development

 Northern Ireland 
In Northern Ireland funded Nursery School places can be applied for from ages 3 and up.
Preschool education is delivered also by PreSchools, also referred to as Playschools or Playgroups. A Nursery School is allowed to enrol up to 26 children into a class, with the curriculum being delivered by a qualified teacher and a Nursery Assistant. A preschool, which delivers the same curriculum, is also permitted to admit a maximum of 26 children to any single session. However, the regulations for personnel differ. The Preschool must have a Supervisor with an NVQ 3 qualification in Child Care (or Equivalent). There must be one qualified and vetted adult for every 8 children. Funding is applied for through PEAGs (Preschool Education Advisory Group). Both nursery and preschool settings are inspected by the Education and Training Inspectorate. Preschools are also subject to inspection by local Social Services.

 Scotland 
In Scotland a voucher system for part-time pre-school provision was introduced in parallel with England and Wales under the Major government, but with a strong emphasis on age-appropriate education rather than simply childcare, and avoiding the use of reception classes in primary schools. Now children are entitled to a place in a nursery class when they reach their third birthday. This gives parents the option of two years of funded pre-school education before beginning primary one, the first year of compulsory education. Nursery children who are three years old are referred to as ante-pre-school whilst children who are four years old are termed pre-school.  Pre-school education in Scotland is planned around the Early Level of the Curriculum for Excellence which identifies Outcomes & Experiences around the following eight curricular areas:

Expressive Arts,
Health & Wellbeing,
Languages,
Mathematics,
Religious & Moral Education,
Sciences
Social Studies
TechnologiesResponsibility for the review of care standards in Scottish nurseries rests with the Care Commission.

 United States 

In the United States, nursery school is provided in a variety of settings. In general, preschool is meant to be voluntary and promote development in children through planned programs. Preschool is defined as: "center-based programs for four-year olds that are fully or partially funded by state education agencies and that are operated in schools or under the direction of state and local education agencies". Preschools, both private and school sponsored, are available for children from ages three to five. Many of these programs follow similar curriculum as pre-kindergarten.
In the United States, preschool education emphasizes individuality. Children are frequently permitted to choose from a variety of activities, using a learning center approach. During these times, some children draw or paint, some play house, some play with puzzles while some listen to the teacher read a story aloud. Activities vary in each session. Each child is assumed to have particular strengths and weaknesses to be encouraged or ameliorated by the teachers. A typical belief is that "children's play is their work" and that by allowing them to select the type of play, the child will meet his or her developmental needs. Preschools also adopt American ideas about justice, such as the rule of law and the idea that everyone is innocent until proven guilty. Teachers don't always actively intervene in disputes and encourage children to resolve disputes independently by using verbal strategies ("use your words"), stating objectively what the problem or issues are, and then discussing what steps can be taken to resolve it. Punishments that may or may not include time outs are rarely carried out by teachers. Children are encouraged to apologize after understanding what has happened rather than blindly apologize. Children are also encouraged to think through steps they can take to make up for their misbehavior. Teachers assist children by explaining what happened and what was wrong in their behavior, before any decision to punish is made. Self-expressive language skills are emphasized through informal interactions with teachers and through structured group activities such as show and tell exercises to enable the child to describe an experience to an adult. Resources vary depending on the wealth of the students, but generally are better equipped than other cultures. Most programs are not subsidized by government, making preschools relatively expensive even though the staff is typically poorly compensated. Student-teacher ratios are lower than in other cultures, ideally about 15 students per group. Parents and teachers see teachers as extensions of or partial substitutes for parents and consequently emphasize personal relationships and consistent expectations at home and at school.In contrast to many other cultures, including Japan and the UK, American preschools frequently ban squirt guns and pretend play involving toy or imaginary weapons, and may have zero-tolerance policies that require punishing children who bring or make toy guns at school.In the United States, students who may benefit from special education receive services in preschools. Since the enactment of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) Public Law 101–476 in 1975 and its amendments, PL 102-119 and PL 105–17 in 1997, the educational system has moved away from self-contained special education classrooms to inclusion, leading special education teachers to practice in a wider variety of settings. As with other stages in the life of a child with special needs, the Individualized Education Plan (IEP) or an Individual Family Service Plan (IFSP) is an important way for teachers, administrators and parents to set guidelines for a partnership to help the child succeed in preschool.

 Cooperative preschools 
Formally starting in 1916, cooperative preschools are common throughout much of America and focus on providing a preschool environment for children and parents which is in line with cooperative ideals.

Parent involvement
Parent participation
Parent education in early childhood education programs

 Head Start 

The goal of Head Start and of Early Head Start is to increase the school preparedness of young children in low-income families.  These programs serve children from birth to age five, pregnant women, and their families. Head Start was started by the Federal Government in 1964 to help meet the needs of under-privilleged pre-school children.
The office of Economic Opportunity launched Project Head Start as an eight-week summer program in 1965. It was then transferred to the Office of Child Development in the US Department of Health, Education, and Welfare in 1969. Today it is a program within the Administration on Children, Youth and Families in the Department of Health and Human Services. Programs are administered locally by school systems and non-profit organizations.

Services provided by Head StartDisabilities – All programs fully include children with disabilities
Education – The goal of Head Start is to ensure that those children enrolled in the program are ready to begin school. Activities are geared towards skill and knowledge domains.
Family and Community Partnerships – both groups are involved in the operation, governance, and evaluation of the program.
Health – Health is seen as an important factor in a child's ability to thrive and develop.  The program provides screenings to evaluate a child's overall health, regular health check-ups, and good practices in oral health, hygiene, nutrition, personal care, and safety.
Program Management and Operations – "focus on delivering high-quality child development services to children from low-income families."

 See also 
Children's television series
Daycare
Education theory
Heutagogy
Pedagogy
Poisonous pedagogy
Pre-kindergarten
Reggio Emilia approach
Waldorf education
Miriam Roth (1910–2005) – Israeli writer and scholar of children's books, kindergarten teacher, and educator

 References 

 Sources 
Davidson, Dana H.; Tobin, Joseph Jay; Wu, David Y. H. (1989). Preschool in three cultures: Japan, China, and the United States. New Haven, Conn: Yale University Press. pp. 188–221. ISBN 978-0-300-04235-1.

 Further reading 
Buysee, V.; P. W. Wesley (2005). Consultation in Early Childhood Settings. Baltimore: Paul H. Brookes Publishing. ISBN 978-1-55766-774-8.
Center for Public Education. (March 2007). Retrieved 2 July 2009, from [1] Archived 3 July 2013 at archive.today
Condillac, E. B. (1746/1970, 2001). Essai sur l'origine des connaissances [Essay on the origin of human knowledge] in Oeuvres Completes Tome 1. Genève: Slatkine reprints. Retrieved from Slatkine. In addition, translated from the French of the Abbé de Condillac by Hans Aarsleff, Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University Press.
Condillac, E. B. (1749/1970, 1982). Traité des systèmes [Treatise on the systems] in Oeuvres Completes Tome 2. Genève: Slatkine reprints. Retrieved from Slatkine. In addition, translated from the French of the Abbé de Condillac by Franklin Philip, Philosophical Writings of Etienne Bonnot, Abbé de Condillac (Vol. I), Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.
Condillac, E. B. (1754/1982). Traité des sensations [Treatise on the sensations]. Genève: Slatkine reprints. Retrieved from Slatkine. In addition, translated from the French of the Abbé de Condillac by Franklin Philip, Philosophical Writings of Etienne Bonnot, Abbé de Condillac, and (Vol. I), Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.
Condillac, Etienne Bonnot de (1756). An Essay on the Origin of Human Knowledge: Being a Supplement to Mr. Locke's Essay on the Human Understanding. J. Nourse. Translated from the French of the Abbé de Condillac by Thomas Nugent.
Fay, J. & Funk, D. (1995). Teaching with love & logic. Golden, CO: The Love & Logic Press, Inc.
Glasser, W. (1984). Self-importance boosts learning. The School Administrator 45, 16–18.
Glasser, W. (1996). "Then and now. The theory of choice". Learning. 25 (3): 20–22. Retrieved 30 September 2013.
Heyman, G., Dweck, C., & Cain, K. (1992). Young children's vulnerability to self-blame and helplessness: Relationship to beliefs about goodness. Child Development, 63, 401–415.
Individuals with Disabilities Individualizing Education Act (IDEA) Data. (2006). Part B child count data [Table]. Retrieved 25 May 2008, from Part B Data & Notes
Itard, J. M. G. (1962). The wild boy of Aveyron. (G. Humphrey & M. Humphrey, Trans.). New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts. (Original works published 1801 and 1806).
Levin, H. M.; Schwartz, H. L. (2007b). "Educational vouchers for universal pre-schools" (PDF). Economics of Education Review. 26: 3–16. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.503.4256. doi:10.1016/j.econedurev.2005.10.006. Archived from the original (PDF) on 4 November 2012.
Levin, H.M.; Schwartz, H.L. (2007). "What is the cost of a preschool program?". National Center for the study of Privatization in Education. : Cite journal requires |journal= (help) Symposium conducted at the meeting of the AEFA Annual Conference, Baltimore, Maryland.
McCollum, J. A.; Yates, T. (1994). "Dyad as focus, triad as means: A family-centered approach to supporting parent-child interactions". Infants and Young Children. 6 (4): 54–63. doi:10.1097/00001163-199404000-00008.
Reeves, K. (2000). Preschool in the public schools. American Association of School Administrators. 1-9
Skinner, B. F. (1954). "The science of learning and the art of teaching". Harvard Educational Review. 24 (2): 86–87.

 External links 
 The dictionary definition of preschool at Wiktionary

1,000,000,000
1,000,000,000 (one billion, short scale; one thousand million or one milliard, one yard, long scale) is the natural number following 999,999,999 and preceding 1,000,000,001. With a number, "billion" can be abbreviated as b, bil or bn.In standard form, it is written as 1 × 109. The metric prefix giga indicates 1,000,000,000 times the base unit. Its symbol is G.
One billion years may be called an eon in astronomy or geology.
Previously in British English (but not in American English), the word "billion" referred exclusively to a million millions (1,000,000,000,000). However, this is not common anymore, and the word has been used to mean one thousand million (1,000,000,000) for several decades.The term milliard could also be used to refer to 1,000,000,000; whereas "milliard" is rarely used in English, variations on this name often appear in other languages.
In the South Asian numbering system, it is known as 100 crore or 1 arab.
1,000,000,000 is also the cube of 1000.

 Sense of scale 
The facts below give a sense of how large 1,000,000,000 (109) is in the context of time according to current scientific evidence:

 Time 
109 seconds (1 gigasecond) equal 11,574 days, 1 hour, 46 minutes and 40 seconds (approximately 31.7 years, or 31 years, 8 months, 8 days).
About 109 minutes ago, the Roman Empire was flourishing and Christianity was emerging. (109 minutes is roughly 1,901 years.)
About 109 hours ago, modern human beings and their ancestors were living in the Stone Age (more precisely, the Middle Paleolithic). (109 hours is roughly 114,080 years.)
About 109 days ago, Australopithecus, an ape-like creature related to an ancestor of modern humans, roamed the African savannas. (109 days is roughly 2.738 million years.)
About 109 months ago, dinosaurs walked the Earth during the late Cretaceous. (109 months is roughly 83.3 million years.)
About 109 years—a gigaannus—ago, the first multicellular eukaryotes appeared on Earth.
About 109 decades ago, the thin disk of the Milky Way started to form. (109 decades is exactly 10 billion years.)
The universe is thought to be about 13.8 × 109 years old.

 Distance 
109 inches is 15,783 miles (25,400 km), more than halfway around the world and thus sufficient to reach any point on the globe from any other point.
109 metres (called a gigametre) is almost three times the distance from the Earth to the Moon.
109 kilometres (called a terametre) is over six times the distance from the Earth to the Sun.

 Area 
A billion square inches could make a square about one half mile on a side.
A bolt of finely woven 1000-TC bed sheet linen with a billion thread crossings would have an area of 40 square metres (48 sq yd), comparable to the floor area of a motel unit.

 Volume 
There are one billion cubic millimetres in a cubic metre, and a billion cubic metres in a cubic kilometre.
A billion grains of table salt or granulated sugar would occupy a volume of about 2.5 cubic feet (0.071 m3).
A billion cubic inches would be a volume comparable to a large commercial building slightly larger than a typical supermarket.

 Weight 
Any object that weighs one billion kilograms (2.2×109 lb) would weigh about as much as 5,525 empty Boeing 747-400s.
A cube of iron that weighs one billion pounds (450,000,000 kg) would be 38.62 metres (126.7 ft) on each side.

 Products 
As of July 2016, Apple has sold one billion iPhones. This makes the iPhone one of the most successful product lines in history, surpassing the PlayStation and the Rubik's Cube.
As of January 2023, Facebook has 2.963 billion users.

 Nature 
A small mountain, slightly larger than Stone Mountain in Georgia, United States, would weigh (have a mass of) a billion tons.
There are billions of worker ants in the largest ant colony in the world, which covers almost 4,000 miles (6,400 km) of the Mediterranean coast.
In 1804, the world population was one billion.

 Count 
A is a cube; B consists of 1000 cubes the size of cube A, C consists of 1000 cubes the size of cube B; and D consists of 1000 cubes the size of cube C. Thus there are 1 million A-sized cubes in C; and 1,000,000,000 A-sized cubes in D.

 Selected 10-digit numbers (1,000,000,001–9,999,999,999) 

 1,000,000,001 to 1,999,999,999 
1,000,000,007 = smallest prime number with 10 digits.
1,000,006,281 = smallest triangular number with 10 digits and the 44,721st triangular number.
1,000,014,129 = 316232, the smallest ten-digit square.
1,003,003,001 = 10013, palindromic cube
1,021,147,343 = 10073
1,023,456,789 = smallest integer containing all digits
1,024,192,512 = 10083
1,026,753,849 = 320432, the smallest pandigital square in base 10.
1,069,863,695 = number of square (0,1)-matrices without zero rows and with exactly 9 entries equal to 1
1,073,741,824 = 327682 = 10243 = 645 = 326 = 810 = 415 = 230
1,073,742,724 = Leyland number
1,073,792,449 = Leyland number
1,093,104,961 = number of (unordered, unlabeled) rooted trimmed trees with 28 nodes
1,104,891,746 = number of partially ordered set with 12 unlabeled elements
1,111,111,111 = repunit, also a special number relating to the passing of Unix time.
1,129,760,415 = 23rd Motzkin number.
1,134,903,170 = 45th Fibonacci number.
1,139,733,677 = k such that the sum of the squares of the first k primes is divisible by k.
1,160,290,625 = 655
1,162,261,467 = 319
1,162,268,326 = Leyland number
1,173,741,824 = Leyland number
1,220,703,125 = 513
1,221,074,418 = Leyland number
1,232,922,769 = Centered hexagonal number.
1,234,567,890 = pandigital number with the digits in order.
1,252,332,576 = 665
1,280,000,000 = 207
1,291,467,969 = 359372 = 10893 = 336
1,311,738,121 = 25th Pell number.
1,350,125,107 = 675
1,382,958,545 = 15th Bell number.
1,392,251,012 = number of secondary structures of RNA molecules with 27 nucleotides
1,405,695,061 = Markov prime
1,406,818,759 = 30th Wedderburn–Etherington number.
1,421,542,641 = logarithmic number.
1,425,893,465 = Population of the People's Republic of China in 2018.
1,453,933,568 = 685
1,464,407,113 = number of series-reduced trees with 39 nodes
1,466,439,680 = number of independent vertex sets and vertex covers in the 21-sunlet graph
1,475,789,056 = 384162 = 1964 = 148
1,528,823,808 = 11523
1,533,776,805 = pentagonal triangular number
1,544,804,416 = 393042 = 11563 = 346
1,564,031,349 = 695
1,631,432,881 = 403912, square triangular number
1,661,392,258 = n such that n | (3n + 5)
1,673,196,525 = Lowest common multiple of the odd integers from 1 to 25
1,677,922,740 = number of series-reduced planted trees with 36 nodes
1,680,700,000 = 705
1,767,263,190 = 
  
    
      
        C
        (
        19
        )
        =
        
          
            
              
                (
              
              
                
                  2
                  ×
                  19
                
                19
              
              
                )
              
            
            
              19
              +
              1
            
          
        
        =
        
          
            
              (
              2
              ×
              19
              )
              !
            
            
              19
              !
              ×
              (
              19
              +
              1
              )
              !
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle C(19)={\frac {\binom {2\times 19}{19}}{19+1}}={\frac {(2\times 19)!}{19!\times (19+1)!}}}
  
1,787,109,376 = 1-automorphic number
1,801,088,541 = 217
1,804,229,351 = 715
1,808,141,741 = number of partitions of 280 into divisors of 280
1,808,676,326 = number of 38-bead necklaces (turning over is allowed) where complements are equivalent
1,836,311,903 = 46th Fibonacci number.
1,838,265,625 = 428752 = 12253 = 356
1,848,549,332 = number of partitions of 270 into divisors of 270
1,857,283,156 = number of 37-bead binary necklaces with beads of 2 colors where the colors may be swapped but turning over is not allowed
1,882,341,361 = The smallest prime whose reversal is a square triangular number (triangular of 57121).
1,934,917,632 = 725
1,934,502,740 = number of parallelogram polyominoes with 27 cells.
1,996,813,914 = Leyland number
1,977,326,743 = 711
1,921,525,212 = number of partitions of 264 into divisors of 264

 2,000,000,000 to 2,999,999,999 
2,038,074,743 = 100,000,000th prime number
2,062,142,876 = number of centered hydrocarbons with 30 carbon atoms
2,073,071,593 = 735
2,147,483,563 = prime number, used as the modulus for the combined linear congruential generator
2,147,483,647 = 8th Mersenne prime, 3rd double Mersenne prime, and the largest signed 32-bit integer.
2,147,483,648 = 231
2,147,484,609 = Leyland number
2,176,782,336 = 466562 = 12963 = 2164 = 366 = 612
2,179,768,320 = Leyland number
2,214,502,422 = 6th primary pseudoperfect number.
2,219,006,624 = 745
2,222,222,222 = repdigit
2,276,423,485 = number of ways to partition {1,2,...,12} and then partition each cell (block) into subcells.
2,333,606,816 = 
  
    
      
        
          ∑
          
            d
            
              |
            
            34
          
        
        
          
            
              (
            
            
              34
              d
            
            
              )
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \sum _{d|34}{\binom {34}{d}}}
  
2,357,947,691 = 13313 = 119
2,373,046,875 = 755
2,494,357,888 = 227
2,535,525,376 = 765
2,562,890,625 = 506252 = 2254 = 158
2,565,726,409 = 506532 = 13693 = 376
2,573,571,875 = 55×77
2,695,730,992 = number of (unordered, unlabeled) rooted trimmed trees with 29 nodes
2,706,784,157 = 775
2,873,403,980 = number of uniform rooted trees with 27 nodes
2,834,510,744 = number of nonequivalent dissections of an 22-gon into 19 polygons by nonintersecting diagonals up to rotation
2,887,174,368 = 785
2,971,215,073 = 11th Fibonacci prime (47th Fibonacci number) and a Markov prime.

 3,000,000,000 to 3,999,999,999 
3,010,936,384 = 548722 = 14443 = 386
3,077,056,399 = 795
3,166,815,962 = 26th Pell number.
3,192,727,797 = 24th Motzkin number.
3,276,800,000 = 805
3,323,236,238 = 31st Wedderburn–Etherington number.
3,333,333,333 = repdigit
3,404,825,447 = 237
3,405,691,582 = hexadecimal CAFEBABE; used as a placeholder in programming.
3,405,697,037 = hexadecimal CAFED00D; used as a placeholder in programming.
3,461,824,644 = number of secondary structures of RNA molecules with 28 nucleotides
3,486,784,401 = 590492 = 2434 = 815 = 910 = 320
3,486,792,401 = Leyland number
3,492,564,909 = 12+34+56+78+910
3,518,743,761 = 593192 = 15213 = 396
3,520,581,954 = number of series-reduced planted trees with 37 nodes
3,524,337,980 = number of 39-bead necklaces (turning over is allowed) where complements are equivalent
3,616,828,364 = number of 38-bead binary necklaces with beads of 2 colors where the colors may be swapped but turning over is not allowed
3,663,002,302 = number of prime numbers having eleven digits
3,665,821,697 = 437 × 223 + 1; smallest Proth prime for k = 437
3,697,909,056 = number of primitive polynomials of degree 37 over GF(2)
3,707,398,432 = 825
3,735,928,559 = hexadecimal DEADBEEF; used as a placeholder in programming.
3,735,929,054 = hexadecimal DEADC0DE; used as a placeholder in programming.
3,816,547,290 = 10 digit polydivisble number
3,939,040,643 = 835

 4,000,000,000 to 4,999,999,999 
4,006,387,712 = number of independent vertex sets and vertex covers in the 22-sunlet graph
4,021,227,877 = least k >= 1 such that the remainder when 6k is divided by k is 5
4,096,000,000 = 640002 = 16003 = 406
4,118,054,813 = number of primes under 1011
4,182,119,424 = 845
4,294,967,291 = Largest prime 32-bit unsigned integer.
4,294,967,295 = Maximum 32-bit unsigned integer (FFFFFFFF16), perfect totient number, product of all known Fermat primes 
  
    
      
        
          F
          
            0
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle F_{0}}
   through 
  
    
      
        
          F
          
            4
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle F_{4}}
  .
4,294,967,296 = 655362 = 2564 = 168 = 416 = 232
4,294,967,297 = 
  
    
      
        
          F
          
            5
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle F_{5}}
  , the first composite Fermat number.
4,294,968,320 = Leyland number
4,295,032,832 = Leyland number
4,437,053,125 = 855
4,444,444,444 = repdigit
4,467,033,943 – number of parallelogram polyominoes with 28 cells.
4,486,784,401 = Leyland number
4,500,000,000 = Approximate age of the Earth in years
4,586,471,424 = 247
4,704,270,176 = 865
4,750,104,241 = 689212 = 16813 = 416
4,807,526,976 = 48th Fibonacci number.
4,984,209,207 = 875

 5,000,000,000 to 5,999,999,999 
5,159,780,352 = 17283 = 129 = 1,000,000,00012 AKA a great-great-great-gross (1,000,00012 great-grosses or 100012 great-great-grosses)
5,277,319,168 = 885
5,345,531,935 = number of centered hydrocarbons with 31 carbon atoms
5,354,228,880 = superior highly composite number, smallest number divisible by all the numbers 1 through 24
5,489,031,744 = 740882 = 17643 = 426
5,555,555,555 = repdigit
5,584,059,449 = 895
5,726,623,061 = 101010101010101010101010101010101 in binary
5,784,634,181 = 13th alternating factorial.
5,904,900,000 = 905

 6,000,000,000 to 6,999,999,999 
6,103,515,625 = 781252 = 257 = 514
6,104,053,449 = Leyland number
6,210,001,000 = only self-descriptive number in base 10.
6,227,020,800 = 13!
6,240,321,451 = 915
6,321,363,049 = 795072 = 18493 = 436
6,469,693,230 = tenth primorial
6,564,120,420 = 
  
    
      
        C
        (
        20
        )
        =
        
          
            
              
                (
              
              
                
                  2
                  ×
                  20
                
                20
              
              
                )
              
            
            
              20
              +
              1
            
          
        
        =
        
          
            
              (
              2
              ×
              20
              )
              !
            
            
              20
              !
              ×
              (
              20
              +
              1
              )
              !
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle C(20)={\frac {\binom {2\times 20}{20}}{20+1}}={\frac {(2\times 20)!}{20!\times (20+1)!}}}
  
6,590,815,232 = 925
6,659,914,175 = number of (unordered, unlabeled) rooted trimmed trees with 30 nodes
6,666,666,666 = repdigit
6,956,883,693 = 935
6,975,757,441 = 835212 = 2894 = 178
6,983,776,800 = 15th colossally abundant number, 15th superior highly composite number

 7,000,000,000 to 7,999,999,999 
7,007,009,909 = smallest number in base 10 to take 100 iterations to form a palindrome
7,048,151,672 = number of 39-bead binary necklaces with beads of 2 colors where the colors may be swapped but turning over is not allowed
7,256,313,856 = 851842 = 19363 = 446
7,339,040,224 = 945
7,371,308,068 = number of partitions of 252 into divisors of 252
7,391,026,522 = number of planar partitions of 49
7,464,000,000 = Estimated population of the Earth in 2016 according to Worldometers
7,544,428,973 = number of uniform rooted trees with 28 nodes
7,645,370,045 = 27th Pell number.
7,737,809,375 = 955
7,777,777,777 = repdigit
7,778,742,049 = 49th Fibonacci number.
7,795,000,000 = Estimated population of the Earth in 2020 according to Worldometers
7,862,958,391 = 32nd Wedderburn–Etherington number.

 8,000,000,000 to 8,999,999,999 
8,031,810,176 = 267
8,153,726,976 = 965
8,212,890,625 = 1-automorphic number
8,303,765,625 = 911252 = 20253 = 456
8,549,176,320 = pandigital number with the digits arranged in alphabetical order by English name
8,587,340,257 = 975
8,589,866,963 = number of subsets of {1,2,...,33} with relatively prime elements
8,589,869,056 = 6th perfect number.
8,589,934,592 = 20483 = 811 = 233
8,589,935,681 = Leyland prime
8,622,571,758 = number of secondary structures of RNA molecules with 29 nucleotides
8,804,293,473 = Leyland number
8,888,888,888 = repdigit

 9,000,000,000 to 9,999,999,999 
9,039,207,968 = 985
9,043,402,501 = 25th Motzkin number.
9,393,931,000 = 21103
9,474,296,896 = 973362 = 21163 = 466
9,509,900,499 = 995
9,814,072,356 = 990662, the largest pandigital square, largest pandigital pure power.
9,876,543,210 = largest number without repeated digits in base 10.
9,999,800,001 = 999992, the largest ten-digit square.
9,999,999,967 = greatest prime number with 10 digits
9,999,999,999 = largest 10-digit number, repdigit

 References 

Gloucester-Hartpury Women
Gloucester-Hartpury Women's Rugby Football Club are a English women's rugby union club based in Hartpury, Gloucestershire. They are the unified women's team of Gloucester Rugby and Hartpury University R.F.C. They were founded in 2014 and since 2017 they have played in Premiership Women's Rugby.

 History 

 2014—2017: Formation & Early Years 
In 2014, Gloucester Rugby and Hartpury College came together to found a women's team to be run under the jurisdiction of Gloucester Rugby to capitalise upon the popularity of women's rugby in the area. Hartpury College already had a women's team competing in the BUCS rugby union leagues.In their first year, Gloucester-Hartpury only played friendly matches, some of which were at Gloucester Rugby's home ground Kingsholm Stadium, whilst the Rugby Football Union decided which league to place them in. The team started with numbers as low as 4 and grew into a much bigger squad. The first captain was Stacy Payne (Hardie) and the vice-captain was Jessica Morgan. The team won the Junior Cup in their first season.In 2015, the RFU placed them in National 2 South West. In their first season they finished second in the league. The following season, they were unbeaten.

 2017—2023: Premier 15's 
In 2017, to take advantage of an increase in women's rugby participation following England's victory in the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup, it was announced that Gloucester-Hartpury Women were awarded a franchise in the new women's top flight, the Premier 15s, as part of a reorganisation of women's rugby in England, despite never competing in the Women's Premiership or Women's Championship and moving up two leagues as a result. This was controversial as, despite the franchises being awarded by an independent body, Gloucester-Hartpury Women were awarded the position in top flight at the expense of Lichfield Ladies who had been competing in the top flight of English women's rugby for 15 years. There was speculation that this was due to geographical considerations.

 2022—2023: Increased funding & Premier 15's success 
Ahead of the 2022-23 Premier 15s season, Gloucester Rugby announced a significant increase in funding to Gloucester-Hartpury by almost 500%, matching an enhanced contribution from Hartpury University. It was also announced that both the men's and the women's team would wear the same design kit. Former Gloucester player and Gloucester-Hartpury coach James Forrester was appointed CEO of the team in 2023.In 2023, the team won the Premier 15s by beating Exeter Chiefs Women. By doing so, Gloucester-Hartpury became the first team based outside of London to win. The final was held at Kingsholm Stadium, renamed 'Queensholm' for the occasion. The final drew a crowd of over 9,600 spectators, setting a new record and tripling the finals attendance of the previous season.

 Club honours 
Premiership Women's Rugby
Champions: (1) 2022–23
Women's Championship Midlands 2	
Champions: (1) 2016-17
Runners-up: (1) 2015-16

 Current squad 

The Gloucester-Hartpury squad for the 2023–24 season is:Note: Flags indicate national union under World Rugby eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-World Rugby nationality.

 Club staff 

 List of head coaches 

 Season Summaries 
Gold background denotes championsSilver background denotes runners-upPink background denotes relegated

 Notable players 
Below is a non-exhaustive list of former players for the club who have been particularly notable during their time at the club.

 Rugby World Cup 
The following are players who have represented their countries at the Rugby World Cup whilst playing for Gloucester-Hartpury:

 Premiership Women's Rugby Record 

 Results per opposition 
The following table details the past performance of Gloucester-Hartpury against different opponents in Premiership Women's Rugby, between the 2017-18 and 2022–23 seasons.
Data includes all regular season and play-off matches (semi-finals and finals).
The 2019-20 season is excluded due to it being abandoned because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
All fixtures added from 2017–18 to 2022–23.
Excludes Allianz Cup results.

 References 

Hallucination
A hallucination is a perception in the absence of an external stimulus that has the qualities of a real perception. Hallucinations are vivid, substantial, and are perceived to be located in external objective space. Hallucination is a combination of two conscious states of brain wakefulness and REM sleep. They are distinguishable from several related phenomena, such as dreaming (REM sleep), which does not involve wakefulness; pseudohallucination, which does not mimic real perception, and is accurately perceived as unreal; illusion, which involves distorted or misinterpreted real perception; and mental imagery, which does not mimic real perception, and is under voluntary control. Hallucinations also differ from "delusional perceptions", in which a correctly sensed and interpreted stimulus (i.e., a real perception) is given some additional significance.Hallucinations can occur in any sensory modality—visual, auditory, olfactory, gustatory, tactile, proprioceptive, equilibrioceptive, nociceptive, thermoceptive and chronoceptive. Hallucinations are referred to as multimodal if multiple sensory modalities occur.A mild form of hallucination is known as a disturbance, and can occur in most of the senses above. These may be things like seeing movement in peripheral vision, or hearing faint noises or voices. Auditory hallucinations are very common in schizophrenia. They may be benevolent (telling the subject good things about themselves) or malicious, cursing the subject. 55% of auditory hallucinations are malicious in content, for example, people talking about the subject, not speaking to them directly. Like auditory hallucinations, the source of the visual counterpart can also be behind the subject. This can produce a feeling of being looked or stared at, usually with malicious intent. Frequently, auditory hallucinations and their visual counterpart are experienced by the subject together.Hypnagogic hallucinations and hypnopompic hallucinations are considered normal phenomena. Hypnagogic hallucinations can occur as one is falling asleep and hypnopompic hallucinations occur when one is waking up. Hallucinations can be associated with drug use (particularly deliriants), sleep deprivation, psychosis, neurological disorders, and delirium tremens. Many hallucinations happen also during sleep paralysis.The word "hallucination" itself was introduced into the English language by the 17th-century physician Sir Thomas Browne in 1646 from the derivation of the Latin word alucinari meaning to wander in the mind. For Browne, hallucination means a sort of vision that is "depraved and receive[s] its objects erroneously".

 Classification 
Hallucinations may be manifested in a variety of forms. Various forms of hallucinations affect different senses, sometimes occurring simultaneously, creating multiple sensory hallucinations for those experiencing them.

 Auditory 

Auditory hallucinations (also known as paracusia) are the perception of sound without outside stimulus. Auditory hallucinations can be divided into elementary and complex, along with verbal and nonverbal. These hallucinations are the most common type of hallucination, with auditory verbal hallucinations being more common than nonverbal. Elementary hallucinations are the perception of sounds such as hissing, whistling, an extended tone, and more. In many cases, tinnitus is an elementary auditory hallucination. However, some people who experience certain types of tinnitus, especially pulsatile tinnitus, are actually hearing the blood rushing through vessels near the ear. Because the auditory stimulus is present in this situation, it does not qualify it as a hallucination.Complex hallucinations are those of voices, music, or other sounds that may or may not be clear, may or may not be familiar, and may be friendly, aggressive, or among other possibilities. A hallucination of a single individual person of one or more talking voices is particularly associated with psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia, and hold special significance in diagnosing these conditions.In schizophrenia, voices are normally perceived coming from outside the person, but in dissociative disorders they are perceived as originating from within the person, commenting in their head instead of behind their back. Differential diagnosis between schizophrenia and dissociative disorders is challenging due to many overlapping symptoms, especially Schneiderian first rank symptoms such as hallucinations. However, many people who do not have a diagnosable mental illness may sometimes hear voices as well. One important example to consider when forming a differential diagnosis for a patient with paracusia is lateral temporal lobe epilepsy. Despite the tendency to associate hearing voices, or otherwise hallucinating, and psychosis with schizophrenia or other psychiatric illnesses, it is crucial to take into consideration that, even if a person does exhibit psychotic features, they do not necessarily have a psychiatric disorder on its own. Disorders such as Wilson's disease, various endocrine diseases, numerous metabolic disturbances, multiple sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, porphyria, sarcoidosis, and many others can present with psychosis.Musical hallucinations are also relatively common in terms of complex auditory hallucinations and may be the result of a wide range of causes ranging from hearing-loss (such as in musical ear syndrome, the auditory version of Charles Bonnet syndrome), lateral temporal lobe epilepsy, arteriovenous malformation, stroke, lesion, abscess, or tumor.The Hearing Voices Movement is a support and advocacy group for people who hallucinate voices, but do not otherwise show signs of mental illness or impairment.High caffeine consumption has been linked to an increase in likelihood of one experiencing auditory hallucinations. A study conducted by the La Trobe University School of Psychological Sciences revealed that as few as five cups of coffee a day (approximately 500 mg of caffeine) could trigger the phenomenon.

 Visual 

A visual hallucination is "the perception of an external visual stimulus where none exists". A separate but related phenomenon is a visual illusion, which is a distortion of a real external stimulus. Visual hallucinations are classified as simple or complex:

Simple visual hallucinations (SVH) are also referred to as non-formed visual hallucinations and elementary visual hallucinations. These terms refer to lights, colors, geometric shapes, and indiscrete objects. These can be further subdivided into phosphenes which are SVH without structure, and photopsias which are SVH with geometric structures.
Complex visual hallucinations (CVH) are also referred to as formed visual hallucinations. CVHs are clear, lifelike images or scenes such as people, animals, objects, places, etc.For example, one may report hallucinating a giraffe. A simple visual hallucination is an amorphous figure that may have a similar shape or color to a giraffe (looks like a giraffe), while a complex visual hallucination is a discrete, lifelike image that is, unmistakably, a giraffe.

 Command 

Command hallucinations are hallucinations in the form of commands; they appear to be from an external source, or can appear coming from the subject's head. The contents of the hallucinations can range from the innocuous to commands to cause harm to the self or others. Command hallucinations are often associated with schizophrenia. People experiencing command hallucinations may or may not comply with the hallucinated commands, depending on the circumstances. Compliance is more common for non-violent commands.Command hallucinations are sometimes used to defend a crime that has been committed, often homicides. In essence, it is a voice that one hears and it tells the listener what to do. Sometimes the commands are quite benign directives such as "Stand up" or "Shut the door." Whether it is a command for something simple or something that is a threat, it is still considered a "command hallucination." Some helpful questions that can assist one in determining if they may have this includes: "What are the voices telling you to do?", "When did your voices first start telling you to do things?", "Do you recognize the person who is telling you to harm yourself (or others)?", "Do you think you can resist doing what the voices are telling you to do?"

 Olfactory 

Phantosmia (olfactory hallucinations), smelling an odor that is not actually there, and parosmia (olfactory illusions), inhaling a real odor but perceiving it as different scent than remembered, are distortions to the sense of smell (olfactory system), and in most cases, are not caused by anything serious and will usually go away on their own in time. It can result from a range of conditions such as nasal infections, nasal polyps, dental problems, migraines, head injuries, seizures, strokes, or brain tumors. Environmental exposures can sometimes cause it as well, such as smoking, exposure to certain types of chemicals (e.g., insecticides or solvents), or radiation treatment for head or neck cancer. It can also be a symptom of certain mental disorders such as depression, bipolar disorder, intoxication, substance withdrawal, or psychotic disorders (e.g., schizophrenia). The perceived odors are usually unpleasant and commonly described as smelling burned, foul, spoiled, or rotten.

 Tactile 

Tactile hallucinations are the illusion of tactile sensory input, simulating various types of pressure to the skin or other organs. One subtype of tactile hallucination, formication, is the sensation of insects crawling underneath the skin and is frequently associated with prolonged cocaine use. However, formication may also be the result of normal hormonal changes such as menopause, or disorders such as peripheral neuropathy, high fevers, Lyme disease, skin cancer, and more.

 Gustatory 
This type of hallucination is the perception of taste without a stimulus. These hallucinations, which are typically strange or unpleasant, are relatively common among individuals who have certain types of focal epilepsy, especially temporal lobe epilepsy. The regions of the brain responsible for gustatory hallucination in this case are the insula and the superior bank of the sylvian fissure.

 General somatic sensations 
General somatic sensations of a hallucinatory nature are experienced when an individual feels that their body is being mutilated, i.e. twisted, torn, or disemboweled. Other reported cases are invasion by animals in the person's internal organs, such as snakes in the stomach or frogs in the rectum. The general feeling that one's flesh is decomposing is also classified under this type of this hallucination.

 Multimodal 
A hallucination involving sensory modalities is called multimodal, analogous to unimodal hallucinations which have only one sensory modality. The multiple sensory modalities can occur at the same time (simultaneously) or with a delay (serial), be related or unrelated to each other, and be consistent with reality (congruent) or not (incongruent). For example, a person talking in a hallucination would be congruent with reality, but a cat talking would not be.
Multimodal hallucinations are correlated to poorer mental health outcomes, and are often experienced as feeling more real.

 Cause 

Hallucinations can be caused by a number of factors.

 Hypnagogic hallucination 

These hallucinations occur just before falling asleep and affect a high proportion of the population: in one survey 37% of the respondents experienced them twice a week. The hallucinations can last from seconds to minutes; all the while, the subject usually remains aware of the true nature of the images. These may be associated with narcolepsy. Hypnagogic hallucinations are sometimes associated with brainstem abnormalities, but this is rare.

 Peduncular hallucinosis 

Peduncular means pertaining to the peduncle, which is a neural tract running to and from the pons on the brain stem. These hallucinations usually occur in the evenings, but not during drowsiness, as in the case of hypnagogic hallucination. The subject is usually fully conscious and then can interact with the hallucinatory characters for extended periods of time. As in the case of hypnagogic hallucinations, insight into the nature of the images remains intact. The false images can occur in any part of the visual field, and are rarely polymodal.

 Delirium tremens 

One of the more enigmatic forms of visual hallucination is the highly variable, possibly polymodal delirium tremens. It is associated with withdrawal in alcohol use disorder. Individuals with delirium tremens may be agitated and confused, especially in the later stages of this disease. Insight is gradually reduced with the progression of this disorder. Sleep is disturbed and occurs for a shorter period of time, with rapid eye movement sleep.

 Parkinson's disease and Lewy body dementia 
Parkinson's disease is linked with Lewy body dementia for their similar hallucinatory symptoms. The symptoms strike during the evening in any part of the visual field, and are rarely polymodal. The segue into hallucination may begin with illusions where sensory perception is greatly distorted, but no novel sensory information is present. These typically last for several minutes, during which time the subject may be either conscious and normal or drowsy/inaccessible. Insight into these hallucinations is usually preserved and REM sleep is usually reduced. Parkinson's disease is usually associated with a degraded substantia nigra pars compacta, but recent evidence suggests that PD affects a number of sites in the brain. Some places of noted degradation include the median raphe nuclei, the noradrenergic parts of the locus coeruleus, and the cholinergic neurons in the parabrachial area and pedunculopontine nuclei of the tegmentum.

 Migraine coma 

This type of hallucination is usually experienced during the recovery from a comatose state. The migraine coma can last for up to two days, and a state of depression is sometimes comorbid. The hallucinations occur during states of full consciousness, and insight into the hallucinatory nature of the images is preserved. It has been noted that ataxic lesions accompany the migraine coma.

 Charles Bonnet syndrome 
Charles Bonnet syndrome is the name given to visual hallucinations experienced by a partially or severely sight impaired person. The hallucinations can occur at any time and can distress people of any age, as they may not initially be aware that they are hallucinating. They may fear for their own mental health initially, which may delay them sharing with carers until they start to understand it themselves. The hallucinations can frighten and disconcert as to what is real and what is not. The hallucinations can sometimes be dispersed by eye movements, or by reasoned logic such as, "I can see fire but there is no smoke and there is no heat from it" or perhaps, "We have an infestation of rats but they have pink ribbons with a bell tied on their necks." Over elapsed months and years, the hallucinations may become more or less frequent with changes in ability to see. The length of time that the sight impaired person can have these hallucinations varies according to the underlying speed of eye deterioration. A differential diagnosis are ophthalmopathic hallucinations.

 Focal epilepsy 
Visual hallucinations due to focal seizures differ depending on the region of the brain where the seizure occurs. For example, visual hallucinations during occipital lobe seizures are typically visions of brightly colored, geometric shapes that may move across the visual field, multiply, or form concentric rings and generally persist from a few seconds to a few minutes. They are usually unilateral and localized to one part of the visual field on the contralateral side of the seizure focus, typically the temporal field. However, unilateral visions moving horizontally across the visual field begin on the contralateral side and move toward the ipsilateral side.Temporal lobe seizures, on the other hand, can produce complex visual hallucinations of people, scenes, animals, and more as well as distortions of visual perception. Complex hallucinations may appear to be real or unreal, may or may not be distorted with respect to size, and may seem disturbing or affable, among other variables. One rare but notable type of hallucination is heautoscopy, a hallucination of a mirror image of one's self. These "other selves" may be perfectly still or performing complex tasks, may be an image of a younger self or the present self, and tend to be briefly present. Complex hallucinations are a relatively uncommon finding in temporal lobe epilepsy patients. Rarely, they may occur during occipital focal seizures or in parietal lobe seizures.Distortions in visual perception during a temporal lobe seizure may include size distortion (micropsia or macropsia), distorted perception of movement (where moving objects may appear to be moving very slowly or to be perfectly still), a sense that surfaces such as ceilings and even entire horizons are moving farther away in a fashion similar to the dolly zoom effect, and other illusions. Even when consciousness is impaired, insight into the hallucination or illusion is typically preserved.

 Drug-induced hallucination 

Drug-induced hallucinations are caused by hallucinogens, dissociatives, and deliriants, including many drugs with anticholinergic actions and certain stimulants, which are known to cause visual and auditory hallucinations. Some psychedelics such as lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) and psilocybin can cause hallucinations that range in the spectrum of mild to intense.Hallucinations, pseudohallucinations, or intensification of pareidolia, particularly auditory, are known side effects of opioids to different degrees—it may be associated with the absolute degree of agonism or antagonism of especially the kappa opioid receptor, sigma receptors, delta opioid receptor and the NMDA receptors or the overall receptor activation profile as synthetic opioids like those of the pentazocine, levorphanol, fentanyl, pethidine, methadone and some other families are more associated with this side effect than natural opioids like morphine and codeine and semi-synthetics like hydromorphone, amongst which there also appears to be a stronger correlation with the relative analgesic strength. Three opioids, Cyclazocine (a benzormorphan opioid/pentazocine relative) and two levorphanol-related morphinan opioids, Cyclorphan and Dextrorphan are classified as hallucinogens, and Dextromethorphan as a dissociative. These drugs also can induce sleep (relating to hypnagogic hallucinations) and especially the pethidines have atropine-like anticholinergic activity, which was possibly also a limiting factor in the use, the psychotomimetic side effects of potentiating morphine, oxycodone, and other opioids with scopolamine (respectively in the Twilight Sleep technique and the combination drug Skophedal, which was eukodal (oxycodone), scopolamine and ephedrine, called the "wonder drug of the 1930s" after its invention in Germany in 1928, but only rarely specially compounded today) (q.q.v.).

 Sensory deprivation hallucination 
Hallucinations can be caused by sensory deprivation when it occurs for prolonged periods of time, and almost always occurs in the modality being deprived (visual for blindfolded/darkness, auditory for muffled conditions, etc.) 

 Experimentally-induced hallucinations 

Anomalous experiences, such as so-called benign hallucinations, may occur in a person in a state of good mental and physical health, even in the apparent absence of a transient trigger factor such as fatigue, intoxication or sensory deprivation.
The evidence for this statement has been accumulating for more than a century. Studies of benign hallucinatory experiences go back to 1886 and the early work of the Society for Psychical Research, which suggested approximately 10% of the population had experienced at least one hallucinatory episode in the course of their life. More recent studies have validated these findings; the precise incidence found varies with the nature of the episode and the criteria of "hallucination" adopted, but the basic finding is now well-supported.

 Non-celiac gluten sensitivity 
There is tentative evidence of a relationship with non-celiac gluten sensitivity, the so-called "gluten psychosis".

 Pathophysiology 

 Dopaminergic and serotonergic hallucinations 
It has been reported that in serotonergic hallucinations, the person maintains an awareness that they are hallucinating, unlike dopaminergic hallucinations.

 Neuroanatomy 
Hallucinations are associated with structural and functional abnormalities in primary and secondary sensory cortices. Reduced grey matter in regions of the superior temporal gyrus/middle temporal gyrus, including Broca's area, is associated with auditory hallucinations as a trait, while acute hallucinations are associated with increased activity in the same regions along with the hippocampus, parahippocampus, and the right hemispheric homologue of Broca's area in the inferior frontal gyrus. Grey and white matter abnormalities in visual regions are associated with hallucinations in diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, further supporting the notion of dysfunction in sensory regions underlying hallucinations.One proposed model of hallucinations posits that over-activity in sensory regions, which is normally attributed to internal sources via feedforward networks to the inferior frontal gyrus, is interpreted as originating externally due to abnormal connectivity or functionality of the feedforward network. This is supported by cognitive studies of those with hallucinations, who have demonstrated abnormal attribution of self generated stimuli.Disruptions in thalamocortical circuitry may underlie the observed top down and bottom up dysfunction. Thalamocortical circuits, composed of projections between thalamic and cortical neurons and adjacent interneurons, underlie certain electrophysical characteristics (gamma oscillations) that are associated with sensory processing. Cortical inputs to thalamic neurons enable attentional modulation of sensory neurons. Dysfunction in sensory afferents, and abnormal cortical input may result in pre-existing expectations modulating sensory experience, potentially resulting in the generation of hallucinations. Hallucinations are associated with less accurate sensory processing, and more intense stimuli with less interference are necessary for accurate processing and the appearance of gamma oscillations (called "gamma synchrony"). Hallucinations are also associated with the absence of reduction in P50 amplitude in response to the presentation of a second stimuli after an initial stimulus; this is thought to represent failure to gate sensory stimuli, and can be exacerbated by dopamine release agents.Abnormal assignment of salience to stimuli may be one mechanism of hallucinations. Dysfunctional dopamine signaling may lead to abnormal top down regulation of sensory processing, allowing expectations to distort sensory input.

 Treatments 
There are few treatments for many types of hallucinations. However, for those hallucinations caused by mental disease, a psychologist or psychiatrist should be consulted, and treatment will be based on the observations of those doctors. Antipsychotic and atypical antipsychotic medication may also be utilized to treat the illness if the symptoms are severe and cause significant distress. For other causes of hallucinations there is no factual evidence to support any one treatment is scientifically tested and proven. However, abstaining from hallucinogenic drugs, stimulant drugs, managing stress levels, living healthily, and getting plenty of sleep can help reduce the prevalence of hallucinations. In all cases of hallucinations, medical attention should be sought out and informed of one's specific symptoms. Meta-analyses show that cognitive behavioral therapy and metacognitive training can also reduce the severity of hallucinations.

 Epidemiology 
Prevalence of hallucinations varies depending on underlying medical conditions, which sensory modalities are affected, age and culture. As of 2022, auditory hallucinations are the most well studied and most common sensory modality of hallucinations, with an estimated lifetime prevalence of 9.6%. Children and adolescents have been found to experience similar rates (12.7% and 12.4% respectively) which occur mostly during late childhood and adolescence. This is compared with adults and those over 60 (with rates of 5.8% and 4.8% respectively). For those with schizophrenia, the lifetime prevalence of hallucinations is 80% and the estimated prevalence of visual hallucinations is 27%, compared to 79% for auditory hallucinations. A 2019 study suggested 16.2% of adults with hearing impairment experience hallucinations, with prevalence rising to 24% in the most hearing impaired group.A risk factor for multimodal hallucinations is prior experience of unimodal hallucinations. In 90% cases of psychosis, a visual hallucination occurs in combination with another sensory modality, most often being auditory or somatic. In schizophrenia, multimodal hallucinations are twice as common as unimodal ones.A 2015 review of 55 publications from 1962 to 2014 found 16–28.6% of those experiencing hallucinations report at least some religious content in them,: 415  along with 20–60% reporting some religious content in delusions.: 415  There is some evidence for delusions being a risk factor for religious hallucinations, with and 61.7% of people having experienced any delusion and 75.9% of those having experienced a religious delusion found to also experience hallucinations.: 421 

 See also 

 References 

 Further reading 

 External links 

Hearing Voices Network
"Anthropology and Hallucinations; chapter from The Making of Religion". psychanalyse-paris.com. November 4, 2006. Archived from the original on May 29, 2016. Retrieved October 4, 2016.
Hallucination: A Normal Phenomenon?
Geometric visual hallucinations, Euclidean symmetry and the functional architecture of striate cortex

MiniStor
MiniStor Peripherals, Inc., was a public American computer hardware company based in San Jose, California, and active from 1991 to 1995. The company was the first to manufacture and market PC Card spinning hard drives, based on the 1.8-inch hard drive specification invented earlier by Intégral. The company briefly rode a wave of success in this market before dissolving amid bankruptcy proceedings in April 1995.

 History 
MiniStor Peripherals was founded in May 1991 by Alex Malaccorto and James "Jim" Miller in San Jose, California. Both had previously worked for Maxtor Corporation, another manufacturer of hard drives, in various executive positions. MiniStor received seed funding from multiple investors, including Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, amounting to $4.2 million by the time of its incorporation—an uncharacteristically large sum for computer-related seed financing at the time. By January 1992, before the company had any products on the market, the company employed 70 from its San Jose office.MiniStor was the second company, behind Intégral Peripherals of Colorado, to announce production of 1.8-inch hard drives. The 1.8-inch drive standard attempted to supplant the industry-standard 2.5-inch drive pioneered by PrairieTek in 1988. In September 1991, the company began planning the groundbreaking of a 25,000-square-foot manufacturing plant in Singapore to mass-produce the company's 1.8-inch drives. In opposition to standard practice for developing new hard drive technologies, the company planned to send their specifications for their drives straight to Singapore, skipping domestic production sampling that would have allowed them to fine-tune production. Malaccorto cited the breakneck pace of the disk drive industry as their reason for skipping this process.In March 1992, the company announced their first products, the MiniPort line of hard drives. The first products in this line, the MiniPort 32(P) and the MiniPort 64(P), had formatted capacities of 32 MB and 64 MB respectively; units suffixed with P had a PC Card interface for laptop users, while non-suffixed units had a proprietary straight-through IDE-compatible port for embedded applications. Released in late 1992, the 32P and 64P were the first PC Card spinning hard drives. As customer surveys overwhelmingly saw PC Cards as the breakout application for 1.8-inch drives, MiniStor decided to focus their efforts on this segment. Manufacturing of the MiniPort's controller circuitry, populated with controller chips by Zilog and Adaptec, was performed by nearby GSS/Array Technology. Meanwhile, MiniStor obtained their thin-film magnetic platters from Komag and their read–write heads from Dastek.The MiniPort drives had a rated MTBF of one hundred thousand stops and starts, significantly lower than Intégral's one million. Miller conceded that Intégral's drives were more reliable because of their ability to park the heads fully off the platter but contended that the drives' traditional landing zone scheme provided enough power cycles for their customer base. A fringe benefit of the traditional scheme was faster spin-up times: MiniStor's drives were able to load up from standby in one second. MiniPort's drives parked the heads into the loading zone via a mechanical latch instead of energizing a magnetic coil, a technique first used by the founder's former employer Maxtor that reduced power draw.MiniStor grew to 130 employees in early 1993. In January 1993, the company introduced 42-MB and 85-MB versions of the MiniPort. The company's 1.8-inch drive line topped out in raw capacity with the MiniPort 128, introduced in November 1993, which had a formatted capacity of 128-MB (available in IDE and PC Card variants). They were able to eek out more capacity, however, with the announcement of the MP260P3, which used Stac Electronics' disk-compression algorithm on-chip.Alongside the MiniPort 128, MiniStor also introduced the Dockit Socket, an adapter for desktop computers that slot into either a 5.25-inch or 3.5-inch drive bay and provided the desktop with one PC Card bus slot. The Dockit Socket the first of two non-drive related products sold by MiniStor; the other was a shock-abosrbing, ruggedized rubber casing called the Pocket Socket. In late 1993, MiniStor received capital funding from Hitachi, who also signed a deal with MiniStor to supply the latter with manufacturing lines in Japan in exchange for MiniStor's services in developing both 1.8-inch and 2.5-inch hard drive lines for Hitachi. MiniStor's first 2.5-inch drives, jointly developed with Hitachi, debuted in May 1994.MiniStor filed its initial public offering in August 1994, underwritten by Punk, Ziegel & Knoell and D. Blech & Company. The company's stock valuation dropped dramatically after its principal underwriter D. Blech collapsed on September 22, 1994 (so-called "Blech Thursday") after failing to meet Nasdaq's capital requirements. MiniStor briefly manufactured desktop 3.5-inch hard drives before filing Chapter 11 bankruptcy in April 1995 with plans to liquidate its assets.

 See also 
Microdrive
HP Kittyhawk

 References 

Amadeus VIII, Duke of Savoy
Amadeus VIII (4 September 1383 – 7 January 1451), nicknamed the Peaceful, was Count of Savoy from 1391 to 1416 and Duke of Savoy from 1416 to 1440. He was the son of Amadeus VII, Count of Savoy and Bonne of Berry. He was a claimant to the papacy from 1439 to 1449 as Felix V in opposition to Popes Eugene IV and Nicholas V.

 Count and duke 
Amadeus was born in Chambéry on 4 September 1383. Even as a boy he suffered from strabismus, which one of his father's physicians, Jean de Grandville, claimed he could cure. He became count of Savoy in 1391 after his father's death on 2 November 1391, caused (it was said) by poisoning, or at least bad treatment at the hands of his physicians. In his testament, the Red Count, Amadeus VII, had appointed his mother Bonne de Bourbon rather than his wife Bonne de Berry, niece of King Charles VI of France, as regent for Amadeus VIII. This set off a struggle at the court between the grandmother and the mother, eventually involving the dukes of Berry, Bourbon, Orléans, and King Charles VI of France. Amadeus VIII's grandmother acted as regent until 1397, during his minority.

 Marriage and issue 
Count Amadeus married Mary of Burgundy (1386–1422), daughter of Philip the Bold,  Duke of Burgundy, at Arras in 1401. She did not arrive in Savoy, however, until 1403. They had nine children, only four of whom lived to mature adulthood:

Margaret of Savoy (13 May 1405 – 1418).
Anthony of Savoy (September 1407 – bef. 12 December 1407).
Anthony of Savoy (1408 – aft. 10 October 1408).
Marie (end January 1411 – 22 February 1469), married Filippo Maria Visconti, duke of Milan.
Amadeus of Savoy (26 Mar 1412 – 17 August 1431), Prince of Piedmont, the heir apparent until his premature death.
Louis (24 February 1413 – 29 January 1465), his successor.
Bonne of Savoy (September 1415 – 25 September 1430).
Philip of Savoy (1417 – 3 March 1444), Count of Genève
Margaret (7 August 1420 – 30 September 1479), married firstly Louis III, titular king of Naples, secondly Louis IV, Count Palatine of the Rhine and thirdly Ulrich V, Count of Württemberg.The Count's early rule saw the centralization of power and the territorial expansion of the Savoyard state, and in 1416 Amadeus was elevated by Emperor Sigismund to duke of Savoy. In 1418, his distant cousin Louis of Piedmont, his brother-in-law, the last male of the elder branch of House of Savoy, died, leaving Amadeus as his heir-general, thus finally uniting the male-lines of the House of Savoy.
Amadeus increased his dominions and encouraged several attempts to negotiate an end to the Hundred Years' War. From 1401 to 1422, he campaigned to recover the area around Geneva and Annecy. After the death of his wife in 1428, he founded the Order of Saint Maurice with six other knights in 1434. They lived alone in the castle of Ripaille, near Geneva, in a quasi-monastic state according to a rule drawn up by himself. He styled himself Decanus Militum solitudinis Ripalliae. He appointed his son Louis regent of the duchy.

 Pope of the Council of Basel 
Amadeus was sympathetic to conciliarism, the movement to have the Church managed by Ecumenical councils, and to prelates like Cardinal Aleman of Arles, who wanted to set limits upon the doctrine of Papal supremacy. He had close relations with the Council of Basel (1431–1449), even after most of its members joined the Council of Florence, convened by Pope Eugene IV in 1438. 
There is no evidence that he intrigued to obtain the papal office by sending the bishops of Savoy to Basel, though he did suggest that the bishops of Savoy attend the Council. Of the twelve bishops present, seven were Savoyards.In its Session XXXI, on 24 January 1438, the Council of Basel suspended Pope Eugene. Then, on 25 June 1439, it formally deposed Eugene as a heretic. The president of the Council, Cardinal Louis Aleman, the archbishop of Arles, reminded the members that they needed to elect a rich and powerful pope to defend it from its adversaries.

 Election 
Since Aleman was the only cardinal present, the Council decided to appoint a college of electors. consisting of thirty-three members, chosen from the five "nations" into which the council was divided. They entered into conclave on 31 October 1439. In the first scrutiny (ballot), Amadeus received 16 votes; in the second, 19 votes; in the third, 21. On 5 November, he received 26 votes, sufficient to elect. The Council itself then issued a decree on 17 November 1439, stating that Amadeus had been elected pope and giving the full details of the election.A delegation, which included the secretary and notary Aeneas Silvius Piccolomini, was sent to Ripaille, the residence of Amadeus. It arrived on 15 December 1439, and after long negotiations, Amadeus acquiesced in his election on 5 February 1440. The choice of the papal name, Felix, was suggested by Cardinal Aleman. Felix took the inaugural oath formulated by the Council of Basel. At the same time, he completely renounced all further participation in the government of his domains; he named his son Louis Duke of Savoy, and his son Philip Count of Geneva.  He also appointed Piccolomini as his secretary.

 Pope 
Felix V is credited with formalizing the academic lectures held in Basel by establishing the "Alma universitas studii curiae Romanae" on 12 November 1440; it was inaugurated at a ceremony held on 5 November 1440. It would eventually lead to the foundation of the University of Basel in 1460, by Pope Pius II (Piccolomini) in the bull "Inter Ceteras" of 12 November 1459.He departed Basel for Lausanne, on the grounds of ill-health, on 19 November 1442, thereby diminishing the importance of the Council of Basel.Bishop François de Mez of Geneva died on 7 March 1444, and on 9 March the chamberlain of Pope Felix V, Jean de Grolée, took possession of the diocese in the name of the pope as administrator. On the same day, the pope's son, Duke Louis of Savoy, ordered the episcopal chateau of Thie to be put into the control of the cathedral Chapter of Geneva. Obviously, the death of the cardinal had been forseen and was provided for. In 1446, Felix V named Bishop Bartholomew of Corneto as his Vicar in spiritualities and temporalities for the diocese of Geneva; in 1449 he was succeeded by Bishop Andrea of Hebron. Cardinal Amadeus, as he had become in 1449, held the office of administrator until his death.On 20 July 1447, the Emperor Frederick III ordered the Burgomeister of Basel to cancel the safeconducts which had previously been granted to the persons attending the Council of Basel, and to no longer allow the members of the council to remain in Basel. This was reinforced by an order in council of 24 May 1448, requiring the citizens of Basel, who had previously been reluctant, to expel them. The Council therefore moved its sessions to the city of Lausanne, where they held their first meeting on 25 July 1448, presided over by Pope Felix V.His reputation is marred by the account of him as a pontiff concerned with money, to avoid disadvantaging his heirs, found in the Commentaries of Pius II.
After the death of his opponent Pope Eugene IV in 1447, both obediences in the schism of the church favoured a settlement. On 7 April 1449, at the second session of the Council of Lausanne, Felix V accepted the authority of Pope Nicholas V and resigned his papacy. In its fourth session, on 19 April 1449, since the throne of Peter was vacant, the Council of Lausanne elected Nicholas V as its pope. In its fifth and last session, it recognized Amadeus of Savoy to be Bishop of Sabina and papal legate in Savoy, and assigned him second rank in the Church after Pope Nicholas. It then adjourned permanently.

 Later life 
After the renunciation of his papal office, Amadeus was named a cardinal by Pope Nicholas V on 7 April 1449. On 23 April 1449 he was appointed suburbicarian Bishop of Sabina, and papal legate and Vicar Apostolic in all of the territories in the domain of the Duke of Savoy, and in the diocese of Lausanne. His complete itinerary, from 15 April 1449 to 6 January 1451, is given by Édouard Mallet, based on Cardinal Amadeus' registers.Amadeus died in Geneva on 7 January 1451, and was buried at Ripaille on 9 January. Pope Nicholas V wrote an apostolic brief, dated 30 April 1451, in appreciation of the life and career of Cardinal Amadeus.

 Notes 

 References 

 Sources 
Andenmatten, B.; Paravicini Bagliani, A. (ed.) (1992). Amédée VIII-Félix V, premier duc de Savoie et pape (1383–1451). Colloque international, Ripaille-Lausanne, 23–26 octobre 1990. Lausanne 1992. (in French)
Bruchet, M. (1907). Le château de Ripaille.  (in French). Paris: Ch. Delagrave 1907. See: pp. 49–182.
Cognasso, Francesco (1930). Amadeo VIII (1383–1451). 2 vols. Turin, 1930. (in Italian)
Decaluwe, Michiel; Izbicki, Thomas M.; Christianson, Gerald, eds. (2017). A Companion to the Council of Basel. Brill.
Creighton, Mandell (1892). The Council of Basel. Longmans, Green, and Company.
Guichenon, Samuel (1660). Histoire Généalogique De La Royale Maison De Savoye: Iustifiée Par Titres, Fondations de Monasteres, Manuscripts, anciens Monuments, Histoires & autres preuves autentiques. Enrichie De Plusieurs Portraits, Seaux, Monnoyes, Sepultures & Armoires.  Livre VI, Contenant Les Preuves. (in French and Latin). Lyon: Barbier, 1660.
Hildesheimer, E. (1970). "Le Pape du Concile, Amédée VIII de Savoie," Annales de la Société des Lettres, Sciences et Arts des Alpes-Maritime, 61 (1969–1970), pp. 41–48. (in French)
Kirsch, Johann Peter (1909). "Felix V". The Catholic Encyclopedia. Vol. 6. New York: Robert Appleton Company.
Mallet, Édouard (1847). "Mémoire historique sur l'élection des évêques de Genève. Second partie," (in French), in: Mémoires et documents de la Société d'histoire et d'archéologie, Volume 5 (Genève: La Société/F. Ramboz, 1847), pp. 127-354.
Manger, Hugo (1901). Die Wahl Amadeo's von Savoyen zum Papste durch das Basler Konzil (1439). (in German). Marburg: R. Friedrich, 1901.
Stieber, Joachim W. (1978). Pope Eugene IV, the council of Basel, and the secular and ecclesiastical authorities in the Empire: the conflict over supreme authority and power in the Church. Leiden: Brill 1978.

 For further reading 
Kekewich, Margaret L. (2008). The Good King: René of Anjou and Fifteenth Century Europe. Palgrave Macmillan.
Pinder, Kymberly N., ed. (2002). Race-ing Art History: Critical Readings in Race and Art History. Routledge.
Vaughan, Richard (2005). Philip the Bold: The Formation of the Burgundian State. Boydell Press.
Wilkins, David G.; Wilkins, Rebecca L. (1996). The Search for a Patron in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. E. Mellen Press.

 External links 
Cognasso, Francesco (2000). "FELICE V, antipapa". Enciclopedia dei Papi (Treccani 2000) (in Italian)
 Bernard Andenmatten: Felix V. in  German, French and Italian in the online Historical Dictionary of Switzerland.

Marta Lach
Marta Lach (born 26 May 1997) is a Polish professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team Ceratizit–WNT Pro Cycling. She rode in the women's road race at the 2016 UCI Road World Championships, but she did not finish the race.

 Personal life 
She comes from Głębowice and she is studying in University School of Physical Education in Kraków. She has a younger brother, Michał, who is an amateur cyclist.

 Major results 
2014
1st  Road race, National Junior Road Championships
2017
4th SwissEver GP Cham-Hagendorn
2019
1st Stage 1 Festival Elsy Jacobs
European Games
2nd Road race UEC European Under-23 Road Championships
National Road Championships
2nd Road race
5th Time trial Under-23
3rd Clasica Femenina Navarra
10th Brabantse Pijl
2020
1st  Road race, National Road Championships
7th GP de Plouay-Lorient
2021
1st La Picto–Charentaise
4th La Périgord Ladies
5th Time trial, National Road Championships
9th Grand Prix International d'Isbergues
2022
10th Overall Bretagne Ladies Tour
1st Stage 5
1st Stage 3 Tour de Romandie
2nd Trofeo Oro in Euro
2nd Overall Thüringen Ladies Tour
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
2023
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
6th Paris-Roubaix
6th Overall Thüringen Ladies Tour
8th Overall Bretagne Ladies Tour
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 1
9th Danilith Nokere Koerse
 Combativity award Stage 1 Tour de France

 References 

 External links 
Marta Lach at UCI
Marta Lach at ProCyclingStats
Marta Lach at Cycling Quotient
Marta Lach at CycleBase
Marta Lach at Olympedia

Valluvan Vasuki
Valluvan Vasuki is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language film starring Sathya, Shwetha Bandekar, Ranjith and Ponvannan and directed by K. Bharathi. The story is about the Konar dynasty and much of the shooting was done in villages bordering the Kollidam River in Thanjavur district.

 Cast 

 Soundtrack 
Lyrics written by Pa. Vijay and S. A. Rajkumar.

 Reception 
A critic from Webdunia called the screenplay old. S. R. Ashok Kumar of The Hindu wrote, "The lead players, including the veterans, is noteworthy. The music certainly enhances the proceedings. And the camera has done its bit. So what really is the weak link in this film? The screenplay, which is a total let down. It dashes the hopes of the audience and the producer".

 References 

 External links 
Valluvan Vasuki at IMDb

Vanni Mouse
Vanni Mouse (Tamil: வன்னி எலி) is a short film produced and directed by Tamiliam, a Sri Lankan Tamil from the diaspora. It won the best award in an international festival. It won the best film award in the fiction category in the nine-day 11th International Short and Independent Film Festival (ISIFF) in Dhaka 2010. Commenting on the award, Barrister S. J. Joseph of Eelavar Cine Arts Council, based in London, told TamilNet this was the first time a Sri Lankan Tamil artist had been awarded at an international film festival."As far as content is concerned, the film is against violence perpetrated in the name of national integrity. To convey this message, the director picked up a form, which is an interesting combination of wild life cinematography, surrealistic backdrop and realistic incident. A monotonous journey of some mice ends up in an unexpected revelation of a human tragedy. The approach is quite original for anti-war film," said the Jury Recitation during the announcement of the award.

 Synopsis 
Vanni Mouse is a short film following the journey of two mice which flew from the wood of Vanni. The two inseparable couple end unfortunately in an internment camp (Manik Farm) located in Vavuniya (Sri Lanka) where hundreds of thousands tamils are imprisoned by the Sri Lankan government. These two mice witness the tragedy of many innocent civilians behind the barbed wires, which remains as unspoken truth. Whether the two will escape from the terrifying environment is the climax of this short film.

 Awards 
Best Short film 4th Ulagayutha International Tamil film festival India 2011.
Second Prize Makkal TV Ten Minute Stories India 2010.
Best Critic Award 8th International Tamil Film Festival Canada 2010.
Best Fiction Award 11th International Short and Independent Film Festival (ISIFF) in Dhaka 2010.
Special Prize Tamil film festival Norway 2010
Special Prize Periyar thirai 2009

 Official selection 
14th Jihlava International Documentary Film Festival Czech Republic 2010
9th International Documentary and Short Film Festival (DokuFest) Kosovo 2010
The European Independent Film Festival 2010
Vibgyor International Film Festival 2010 under theme "Focus of the Year: `South Asia

 References 

 External links 
Vanni Mouse by director Balu Mahendra
Vanni Mouse by poet Kasi Ananthan
Vanni Mouse on Facebook
Vanni Mouse
IMDB
One of best 35 Tamil Short films
YouTube Vanni Mouse Short Film

Superforecaster
A superforecaster is a person who makes forecasts that can be shown by statistical means to have been consistently more accurate than the general public or experts. Superforecasters sometimes use modern analytical and statistical methodologies to augment estimates of base rates of events; research finds that such forecasters are typically more accurate than experts in the field who do not use analytical and statistical techniques. The term "superforecaster" is a trademark of Good Judgment Inc.

 Etymology 
The term is a combination of the prefix super, meaning "over and above" or "of high grade or quality", and forecaster, meaning one who predicts an outcome that might occur in the future.

 History 
Origins of the term are attributed to Philip E. Tetlock with results from The Good Judgment Project and subsequent book with Dan Gardner Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction.In December 2019 a Central Intelligence Agency analyst writing under the pseudonym "Bobby W." suggested the Intelligence community should study superforecaster research on how certain individuals with "particular traits" are better forecasters and how they should be leveraged.In February 2020 Dominic Cummings agreed with Tetlock and others in implying that study of superforecasting was more effective than listening to political pundits.

 Superforecasters 

 Science 
Superforecasters estimate a probability of an occurrence, and review the estimate when circumstances contributing to the estimate change. This is based on both personal impressions, public data, and incorporating input from other superforecasters, but attempts to remove bias in their estimates.  In The Good Judgment Project one set of forecasters were given training on how to translate their understandings into a probabilistic forecast, summarised into an acronym "CHAMP" for Comparisons, Historical trends, Average opinions, Mathematical models, and Predictable biases.A study published in 2021 used a Bias, Information, Noise (BIN) model to study the underlying processes enabling accuracy among superforecasters. The conclusion was that superforecasters' ability to filter out "noise" played a more significant role in improving accuracy than bias reduction or the efficient extraction of information.

 Effectiveness 
In the Good Judgment Project, "the top forecasters... performed about 30 percent better than the average for intelligence community analysts who could read intercepts and other secret data".Training forecasters with specialised techniques may increase forecaster accuracy: in the Good Judgment Project, one group was given training in the "CHAMP" methodology, which appeared to increase forecasting accuracy.Superforecasters do not predict the future with perfect accuracy: Bloomberg notes that they made a prediction of 23% for a leave vote in the month of the June 2016 Brexit referendum. On the other hand, the BBC notes that they accurately predicted Donald Trump's success in the 2016 Republican Party primaries.Superforecasters also made a number of accurate and important forecasts about the coronavirus pandemic, which "businesses, governments and other institutions" have drawn upon. In addition, they have made "accurate predictions about world events like the approval of the United Kingdom’s Brexit vote in 2020, Saudi Arabia’s decision to partially take its national gas company public in 2019, and the status of Russia’s food embargo against some European countries also in 2019".Aid agencies are also using superforecasting to determine the probability of droughts becoming famines, while the Center for a New American Security has described how superforecasters aided them in predicting future Colombian government policy. Goldman Sachs drew upon superforecasters' vaccine forecasts during the coronavirus pandemic to inform their analyses.The Economist notes that in October 2021, Superforecasters accurately predicted events that occurred in 2022, including "election results in France and Brazil; the lack of a Winter Olympics boycott; the outcome of America's midterm elections, and that global Covid-19 vaccinations would reach 12bn doses in mid-2022". However, they did not forecast the emergence of the Omicron variant. The following year, The Economist wrote that all eight of the Superforecasters’ predictions for 2023 were correct, including on global GDP growth, Chinese GDP growth, and election results in Nigeria and Turkey.In February 2023, Superforecasters made better forecasts than readers of the Financial Times on eight out of nine questions that were resolved at the end of the year.

 Traits 
One of Tetlock's findings from the Good Judgment Project was that cognitive and personality traits were more important than specialised knowledge when it came to predicting the outcome of various world events typically more accurately than intelligence agencies. In particular, a 2015 study found that key predictors of forecasting accuracy were "cognitive ability [IQ], political knowledge, and open-mindedness". Superforecasters "were better at inductive reasoning, pattern detection, cognitive flexibility, and open-mindedness". In the Good Judgment Project, the superforecasters "scored higher on both intelligence and political knowledge than the already well-above-average group of forecasters" who were taking part in the tournament.

 People 
Elaine Rich, a superforecaster who participated in the Good Judgement Project.
Andrew Sabisky, who resigned from his position as advisor to the United Kingdom government at Downing Street, with chief advisor Dominic Cummings telling journalists "read Philip Tetlock's Superforecasters, instead of political pundits who don't know what they're talking about".
Nick Hare, former head of futures and analytical methods at the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
Reed Roberts, a former PhD student in Chemistry.
Jonathon Kitson
Jean-Pierre Beugoms
Dan Mayland
Kjirste Morrell
Dominic Smith

 References 

 Further reading 

Tetlock, Philip E.; Gardner, Dan (2015). Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction. New York: Crown Publishers. ISBN 9780804136693. OCLC 898909721. OL 18233878W.

Dawood Sarkhosh
Dawood Sarkhosh (also spelled as Daud Sarkhosh) (Dari-Persian: داوود سرخوش) is an ethnic Hazara singer, musician and poet.

 Early life 
Dawood Sarkhosh was born on 26 April 1971 in Urozgan (now Daykundi), Afghanistan. Sarkhosh's inspiration was his older brother Sarwar Sarkhosh, a nationalist and legendary musician of his times who was killed during the civil war. Sarkhosh learned playing dambura and singing from him at the age of seventeen. After the death of his brother Sarkhosh migrated to Pakistan first to Peshawar city then moved to Quetta, Pakistan.

 Career 
Sarkhosh revived his skills by singing and composing songs inspired by a sense of nationalism and suffering in exile. He did not sing for commercial gain, but out of nostalgia and to convey the feelings about refugee life as experienced by refugees of Afghanistan dispersed throughout the world. They went to his concerts in their thousands, marking Sarkhosh's rise as a singer. It was in Quetta that he mastered the harmonium under the Pakistani composer Arbab Ali Khan.

 Personal life 
Dawood Sarkhosh is married to Kubra Nekzad and has three children: Saboor, Zulfiqar and Yasir. They now live in Vienna, Austria.

 Discography 
1998: Sarzamin-e-Man (My Homeland, Dari: سرزمین من).
2000: Parijo (Fairy, Dari: پری جو).
2004: Sapid-o-Siah (Black and White, Dari: سپید و سیاه).
2005: Khana-e-Gilli (Mud House, Dari: خانه گلی).
2007: Oslo Concert
2008: Maryam (Maryam a girl's name, Dari: مریم).
2010: Bazi (Game/play, Dari: بازی).
2016: Jang-o-jonoon (War and madness, war and insanity, Dari: جنگ و جنون) released by Sarkhosh Music inc Canada.
2016: concert in the capital cities of Australia.
December 2017 concert in the capital cities of Canada
2019: concert in Finland, Austria, Sweden.
2019: Man o To, (Me and You, Dari: من و تو).
2019: concert in the capital cities of Australia and New Zealand.

 See also 
Sarwar Sarkhosh
List of Hazara people

 References 

 External links 

Dawood Sarkhosh's official website
Dawood Sarkhosh at IMDb

West Kowloon Cultural District
The West Kowloon Cultural District (WKCD, Chinese: 西九文化區) is a large arts development in Hong Kong. Designed and planned by Foster and Partners, the district comprises 40 hectares (99 acres) with 17 venues. Major establishments include Xiqu Centre for Chinese opera, the Freespace Centre for contemporary performance, the M+ Museum, and the Hong Kong Palace Museum. As of 2023, the Lyric Theatre and other commercial structures are under construction. It is managed by the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority (WKCDA).

 Location 
The wedge-shaped waterfront site was created from reclaimed land in the 1990s as part of the Airport Core Programme. It lies west of Yau Ma Tei in the Yau Tsim Mong District and is bounded by Canton Road in the east, the Western Harbour Crossing, Austin Road West, and Victoria Harbour.
It is within walking distance of Tsim Sha Tsui (TST), a popular tourist area, and of the Kowloon Station and West Kowloon Terminus complex, which is connected to the Elements commercial centre and national high-speed rail network.

 Venues 

 Batch 1 

 West Kowloon Bamboo Theatre (demolished) 
The West Kowloon Bamboo Theatre was built at the junction of Canton Road and Austin Road West (the present site of Xiqu Centre) in January 2012. It was the first cultural event organised by WKCDA to mark the launch of the design and construction stage of the district. Bamboo theaters were once a staple for honouring and celebrating the Chinese sea goddess Tin Hau and Zhen Jun. The event, which was a combination of traditional Cantonese opera, contemporary visual art installations and film shows in collaboration with the Chinese Artists Association of Hong Kong and involved various renowned visual artists, attracted over 12,000 participants in 7 days. The Bamboo Theatre was initially to be an annual event, but as of 2021 has not been recreated.

 AXA x WONDERLAND (nursery park) 
Opened in July 2015, the temporary Nursery Park is located at the northwestern part of the site. It features open lawns and a pet zone, and is a testing ground for greenery in the future park. It is also where Freespace Happening, a free outdoor music and arts event, takes place. Since September 2022, it is called AXA x WONDERLAND.

 M+ Pavilion 
Designed by VPANG + JET + Lisa Cheung, the M+ Pavilion was used to provide exhibition space for M+ prior to the completion of the main museum building. It was inaugurated with the exhibition 'Nothing' by Hong Kong artist Tsang Kin-Wah in September 2016. It is now used a multi purpose space hosting various events and exhibitions.

 Art Park 
The park includes Freespace and The Lawn. Designed by Dennis Lau & Ng Chun Man Architects & Engineers with West 8 and ACLA, the park was partially opened in 2017 and fully operational by 2018.

 Xiqu Centre 

Located on the eastern edge of the district, at the junction of Canton Road and Austin Road, the Xiqu Centre is directly accessible from Kowloon MTR Station, Austin MTR station and West Kowloon Terminus. The building was inspired by traditional Chinese lanterns. Stepping through the main entrance, shaped to resemble parted stage curtains, visitors are led directly into an atrium with a raised podium and space for presenting Chinese traditional theatre. The eight-storey building has a total area of 28,164 sq m and houses a Grand Theatre, accommodating 1,075 seats, a Tea House Theatre, with a capacity of up to 200 seats, eight professional studios and a seminar hall, all specially designed for different types of xiqu-related functions and activities. A unique feature of the venue is the location of the Grand Theatre at the top of the building, which allows for the large open atrium below. It was designed by Revery Architecture (formerly Bing Thom Architects) and Ronald Lu & Partners and opened in January 2019.

 Freespace 
Freespace, a centre for contemporary performance, has the largest blackbox theatre in Hong Kong, accommodating up to 900 people, as well as other multi-purpose venues designed for creative exchanges, exhibitions and workshops, as well as professional and private meetings and gatherings. up to  is a highly flexible space fully adaptable for small- to medium-sized performances of experimental theatre, dance, parkour multimedia shows and music events, as well as exhibitions.  Freespace Livehouse is a small bar and performance space presenting music from Hong Kong and around the world, also hosting workshops, film screenings and cultural events, and free outdoor music in the Art Park. Freespace was designed by Dennis Lau & Ng Chun Man Architects and Engineers (DLN) and opened in 2019.

 M+ Museum 

The M+ Museum has three major focuses: visual art, design and architecture, and the moving image. Designed by Herzog & de Meuron, the museum opened in November 2021.

 Batch 2 

 Lyric Theatre Complex 
The Lyric Theatre Complex will be a major performing arts venue in the WKCD, comprising a 1,450-seat theatre, a 600-seat medium theatre and a 250-seat studio theatre. A Resident Company Centre and extensive rehearsal facilities will be situated in the complex as well.

 Centre for Contemporary Performance 
The centre will include two Black Boxes.

 Batch 3 

 Hong Kong Palace Museum 

On 23 December 2016, Carrie Lam, then chair of the WKCDA, announced in Beijing that a new Hong Kong Palace Museum would be built on the southern part of the land originally slated for the Mega Performance Venue and Exhibition Centre. Occupying around 10,000 square metres, the floor area of the new Palace Museum is estimated at 30,500 square metres, housing two exhibition galleries, activity rooms, a 400-seat lecture theatre, shops and restaurants. The Hong Kong Jockey Club Charities Trust donated HK$3.5 billion for the design, construction and exhibition preparation works of the museum. Rocco Design Architects were commissioned to design the building. The museum opened on 3 July 2022 to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the handover of Hong Kong.

 Mega Performance Venue (MPV) and Exhibition Centre 
The MPV was planned as a performance venue with 15,000 seats. The board of the WKCDA, however, decided not to use the current Nursery Park as the site for the MPV. As of 2021, the Authority was presently considering developing the northern part of the coastal land as a medium-sized multipurpose venue for exhibitions, conventions and performances through privately financed initiatives.
Batch 3 will also accommodate additional projects under the working titles of Musical Theatre, Great Theatre, Music Centre, Medium Theatre, Xiqu Small Theatre and M+ Phase II. Some of these projects will require additional funding approvals and/or subject to review in the future by the WKCDA.

 Temporary usage 

 West Kowloon Waterfront Promenade 
Part of the district's site is still used as a temporary promenade, the West Kowloon Waterfront Promenade, opened in 2005 and managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department. The promenade can be accessed from the east via Museum Drive or via a pedestrian entrance close to the bus station, to the west of the toll booths. Bicycles are available for hire for riding along a short waterfront cycle track, which will be removed when the site is developed.

 Development and history 
The project has gone through multiple, well-publicised delays for nearly 20 years. The first phase opened in 2015, while the second phase is expected to be completed in 2026.In 1996, the Hong Kong Tourism Board (HKTB) conducted a survey of visiting tourists, who cited a lack of cultural attractions. The HKTB proposed to LegCo in 1998 that new venues for the arts and  cultural events be established. In his 1998 Policy Address, Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa proposed the establishment of the West Kowloon Cultural District, endeavouring to develop Hong Kong as a cultural hub for Asia.
In April 2001, an international design competition was launched. Ten members of the judging panel selected a canopy design submitted by Foster and Partners as the winner under eight aspects. Leslie E. Robertson Associates were appointed as the structural engineering firm. However, the design was scrapped in 2005 due to intense public criticism  with regard to financing models, the involvement of property developers, lack of planning, and the design itself. In 2006, the government established consultative committees to formulate a report on what facilities to offer and how they would be managed. In 2007, a three-month public consultation was carried out again, the early stages of which were completed in December 2007.

 Invitation for proposals 
In September 2003, the government announced an Invitation For Proposals for the Development of the district. While it required the provision of certain facilities, proponents were allowed considerable freedom, which meant that developers could sell residential and commercial space for profit. The requirements were:
Three theatres with at least 400, 800 and 2,000, seats respectively
A performance venue with at least 10,000 seats
A cluster of four museums of at least 75,000 square metres (810,000 sq ft)
An art exhibition centre of at least 10,000 square metres (110,000 sq ft)
A water amphitheatre
At least four piazzas
A canopy covering at least 55% of the development areaThree proposals, submitted by Dynamic Star International Limited, Sunny Development Limited and World City Culture Park Limited, were consulted on with the public from December 2004 to June 2005.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 First public consultation 
The executive summary of the consultation report showed that the single-package development approach, the large canopy, government supervision of the district and the concept of the project itself were among most questioned in the open question section of the consultation form. The report noted there was fear that the project could evolve into an ordinary property development project, common in Hong Kong. Over half of the written submissions were opposed to the canopy.
As the government renewed conditions for the development, the shortlisted proponents failed to renew their proposals and Chief Secretary Rafael Hui Si-yan said the much-criticised giant canopy – a centrepiece of the winning design by Foster and Partners – would be scrapped.

 Consultative Committee and Public Engagement 
The government appointed members to the Consultative Committee on the Core Arts and Cultural Facilities (CACF) of WKCD in April 2006 and the committee was scheduled to last until June 2007. It re-examined and re-confirmed the need for the CACF as defined in the Invitation for Proposals issued in September 2003. A Stage 1 Public Engagement Exercise was conducted from October 2009 to January 2010. Public forums and focus group meetings were held to understand the views and needs of the stakeholders and the public. Around 66 public engagement events were held. A Stage 2 Public Engagement Exercise followed, which sought to obtain feedback on the concept plans prepared by three planning teams, which incorporated public views learnt in Stage 1 into their conceptual plans.

 Master Plan 
The three conceptual plans were unveiled on 20 August 2010 by the WKCDA:

City Park, prepared by Foster and Partners, led by Lord Norman Foster
Cultural Connect, Key to Sustained Vitality, prepared by Rocco Design Architects Limited, led by Rocco Yim
Project for a New Dimension, prepared by Office for Metropolitan Architecture, led by Rem KoolhaasThe Stage 2 Public Engagement exercise lasted three months and ran until November 2010.

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
On 4 March 2011, Foster and Partners' plan, City Park, was selected as the master plan out of the three entries. Ronald Arculli, then head of the WKCDA, as well as of the selection board, said the master plan would be submitted to the Town Planning Board at the end of 2011. Construction could start as soon as the fourth quarter of 2012 with the first phase of the WKCD finished by the end of 2015. The plan was originally estimated to cost HK$21.6 billion. In October 2011, the government revised its cost estimates upwards, to over HK$29 billion.The WKCD's Stage 3 Public Engagement Exercise began in September 2011 at the Hong Kong Heritage Discovery Centre. The focal point of the exhibition was a giant 1:250 physical model of the hub. A digital 3D model, photo montages and panels displaying key information and features were also presented. The plan – with public consultation running until 30 October – eventually went to the Town Planning Board, which subsequently gave the go-ahead by the end of next year.

 West Kowloon Cultural District Authority (WKCDA) 
The WKCD Authority was established under the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority Ordinance, Cap 601 to develop the West Kowloon Cultural district. It came into action on 11 July 2008. The authority is made up of a board, committees and executive board directors.
A board of directors was appointed in October 2008. Its chairman was former Chief Secretary Henry Tang Ying-yen, subsequent chairperson of the WKCDA. While government officials and experts were recruited to aid the authority operation temporarily, executives and managers were recruited to independently manage the operation.The authority has an executive team of seven. Its first executive director, Angus Cheng Siu-chuen, a former executive at Hong Kong Disneyland, was appointed in June 2009 but resigned for personal reasons less than two weeks after taking up the post. Project Director Augustine Ng Wah-keung subsequently led the project on a provisional basis. On 24 March 2010, Graham Sheffield, formerly artistic director of the Barbican Centre, was appointed CEO of the authority on a three-year, HK$3.5 million-a-year contract. However, on 7 January 2011, he, too, suddenly resigned for "health reasons," just five months into the job. A recruitment exercise to replace Sheffield as CEO was subsequently launched, though the impact of these two top-level resignations worried critics. A member of the Legislative Council's home affairs panel, Tanya Chan, expressed fear at the time that candidates for the job could be deterred by the apparent problems with the project, ostensibly delaying the project until 2020.On 27 May 2011, Michael Lynch, former Chief Executive of the Southbank Centre, was appointed CEO of the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority by Tang. Lynch resigned in 2015, citing family reasons, and was replaced by Duncan Pescod. A popular figure, Pescod was forced to resign from the WKCDA in 2020, not long before his term was due to end. Longtime bureaucrat Betty Fung Ching Suk-yee was subsequently appointed to the post in June 2021, assuming her duties on 15 October 2021 for a term of three years.

 See also 
Hong Kong cultural policy

 References 

 External links 

West Kowloon Cultural District
Stage 1 Public Engagement Exercise
Stage 2 Public Engagement Exercise
Stage 3 Public Engagement Exercise
Home Affairs Bureau – West Kowloon Cultural District
West Kowloon Cultural District at Google Cultural Institute

Andrea
Andrea is a given name which is common worldwide for both males and females, cognate to Andreas, Andrej and Andrew.

 Origin of the name 
The name derives from the Greek word ἀνήρ (anēr), genitive ἀνδρός (andrós), that refers to man as opposed to woman (whereas man in the sense of human being is ἄνθρωπος, ánthropos). The original male Greek name, Andréas, represents the hypocoristic, with endearment functions, of male Greek names composed with the andr- prefix, like Androgeos (man of the earth), Androcles (man of glory), Andronikos (man of victory).
In the year 2006, it was the third most popular name in Italy with 3.1% of newborns. It is one of the Italian male names ending in a, with others being Elia (Elias), Enea (Aeneas), Luca (Lucas), Mattia (Matthias), Nicola (Nicholas), Tobia (Tobias). In recent and past times it has also been used on occasion as a female name in Italy and in Spain, where it is considered the legitimate feminine form of Andrés/Andreo/Andreu (Andrew). Outside of Italy, the name is generally considered a female name.

 Usage 
In Czech, Slovak, Polish, Slovenian, Dutch, English, French, German, Hungarian, Scandinavian languages and Spanish, Andrea is a feminine name. Masculine forms are Andrej, Ondřej, Andrzej, Anže, Andrew, Andreas, András, Andrey, Andreo, Andrés, Anders, Andries or Andre. However, many Swiss men regardless of first language are also named Andrea, if followed by a masculine middle name to comply with Swiss naming law.
In Albanian Andrea is a masculine name; its native form is Ndrea.
In Romansh Andrea is also a masculine name.
In Italian, Andrea is a primarily masculine name. Nevertheless, some men of Italian descent, from countries where Andrea is feminine, bear the name.
In Bulgarian Andrea (Андреа) is used as the feminine form of "Andrei".
In Croatia, Serbia and Slovenia, Andrea is a feminine name; Andreja can be used as female name, while Andrija, Andro and Andrej are masculine forms. The only exception is Istria, where Andrea is a male name.
In Romania Andreea is a feminine name and it is written with an extra "e". However, the feminine variation Andrea is also used. Andrea as etymon means knitting needle in Romanian. Andrei is the masculine form.
Andréia is the most common Portuguese spelling of this name, although Andréa is also used in Brazilian Portuguese. The masculine form is André.
In Dutch, Andrea is used as a female name, although the variant Andrée is found in French.
In Spanish, Andrea and variations spelled Andreina and Andressa are used as female variants for Andrey, Andreo, and Andrés.
In Basque, Andrea and Andere exist as female names. Two etymons merge in the former: the most widespread form with a Greek root, 'man', and the Basque-Aquitanian ancient form "andere(a)", present-day "andere(a)" and "andre(a)", 'madam', 'lady' (used mainly as title, e.g. "Andramari", 'Lady/Virgin Mary'), as opposed to "jaun", 'lord'. In popular usage, it can ultimately mean 'adult woman'.
In Catalan, Andrea is used as the feminine form of "Andreu".
In Asturian, Andrea is the feminine form of "Andrés".

 Notable people 

 Women 
Andrea Alföldi (born 1964), Hungarian race walker
Andrea Allan (born 1946), American actress
Andrea Álvarez Marín (born 1986), member of the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica
Andrea Anders (born 1975), American actress
Andrea Arlington, American model, television personality, and life coach
Andrea Armstrong (born 1982), former American collegiate basketball player
Andrea Ávila (born 1970), Argentine long and triple jumper
Andrea Baker, American actress
Andrea Bang, Canadian actress
Andrea Barber (born 1976), American actress
Andrea Barthwell (born 1953), American federal civil servant and Illinois political hopeful
Andrea Berg (born 1966), German singer
Andrea Berg (born 1981), German volleyball player
Andrea Berger (born 1970), American tennis player
Andrea Borrell (born 1963), Cuban basketball player
Andrea Bowen (born 1990), American actress
Andrea Brown (R&B singer) (born 1974), American singer
Andrea Brillantes (born 2003), Filipina actress
Andrea Canning (born 1972), Canadian-American broadcast journalist
Andrea Češková (born 1971), Czech MEP
A. J. Cook (born 1978), Canadian actress
Andrea Corr (born 1974), Irish musician
Andrea del Boca, (born 1965) Argentine actress
Andrea Demetriades (born 1983), Australian actress
Andrea Demirović (born 1985), Montenegrin singer
Andrea Dewar (born 1979), Canadian water polo player
Andrea Donaldson, Canada theatre director
Andrea Dworkin (1946–2005), American radical feminist and writer
Andrea Echeverri (born 1965), Colombian singer and guitarist, lead singer of the rock band Aterciopelados
Andreea Ehritt-Vanc (born 1973), Romanian tennis player
Andrea Farkas (born 1969), Hungarian handball goalkeeper
Andrea Feldman (1948–1972), American actress
Andrea Fioroni (born 1969), Argentine field hockey player
Andrea Fischer (born 1960), German politician
Andrea Ghez (born 1965), American astronomer
Andrea Glass (born 1976), German tennis player
Andrea Gibson (born 1975), spoken word artist and activist
Andrea Gyarmati (born 1954), Hungarian swimmer
Andrea Hall (born 1947), American soap opera actress
Andrea Hayes (born 1969), American backstroke swimmer
Andréa Henriques (born 1980), Brazilian water polo player
Andrea Hlaváčková (born 1986), Czech tennis player
Andrea van den Hurk (born 1979), Dutch tennis player
Andrea Jaeger (born 1965), American former tennis player
Andrea Jeremiah (born 1985), Indian Tamil playback singer, film actress and model.
Andrea Jung (born 1959), business executive
Andrea Jürgens (1967–2017), German singer
Andrea Kevichüsa (born 2001), Indian model and actress
Andrea King (1919–2003), American actress
Andrea Kobetić (born 1985), Croatian handball player
Andrea Koevska (born 2000), Macedonian singer and Eurovision Song Contest 2022 entrant
Andrea Komšić (born 1996), Croatian alpine skier
Andrea Koppel (born 1963), American news correspondent
Andrea Leeds (1914–1984), American actress
Andrea Lehotská (born 1981), Slovak television hostess, actress, and top model.
Andrea Lekić (born 1987), Serbian handball player
Andrea Levy (1956–2019), British author
Andrea Lewis (born 1985), Canadian actress
Andrea Libman (born 1984), Canadian Voice Actress
Andrea Lowe (born 1975), British actress
Andrea Martin (born 1947), actress and comedian
Andrea Mayr (born 1979), Austrian long-distance runner
Andrea McArdle (born 1963), American singer and actress
Andrea Mitchell (born 1946), American news correspondent
Andrea Moody (born 1978), Canadian swimmer
Andrea Murez (born 1992), Israeli-American Olympic swimmer for Israel
Andrea Newman (1938–2019), British author
Andrea Olsen (born 1961), American politician
Andrea Petkovic (born 1987), German tennis player
Andreea Răducan (born 1983), Romanian gymnast
Andrea Rau (born 1947), German actress
Andrea Riseborough (born 1981), English actress
Andrea Immer Robinson (born 1964), Master Sommelier and Dean of Wine Studies at the French Culinary Institute
Andrea Romano (born 1955), American voice actress
Andrea Russett (born 1996), American actress
Andrea Růžičková (born 1984), Slovak actress and model
Andrea Sanke, American television journalist and presenter
Andrea Shaw (born 1983), American professional bodybuilder
Andrea Silbert, American nonprofit executive
Andrea Stuart (born 1962), Barbadian-British historian and writer
Andrea Suárez (born 1979), Thai singer
Andrea Temesvári (born 1966), Hungarian former tennis player
Andrea Thompson (born 1960), American actress
Andrea Torres (born 1990), Filipina actress and model
Andrea Tóth (born 1980), Hungarian water polo player
Andrea True (1943–2011), porn actress and singer
Andrea Valderrama (born 1989), American politician
Andrea Wilkens (born 1984), German footballer
Andrea Yates (born 1964), American defendant in a notorious filicide case
Andrea Zollo (born 1975), American singer
Andrea Zonn (born 1969), American singer and musician
Andrea Zsadon (born 1946), Hungarian soprano
Andrea (born 1987), Bulgarian singer

 Men 
Andrea Aguyar (died 1849), Uruguayan slave turned soldier and revolutionary
Andrea Alciato (1492–1550), Italian jurist
Andrea Aleksi (1425–1505), Albanian architect
Andrea Amati (1505–1577), luthier from Cremona, Italy, credited with making the first instruments of the violin family that are in the form we use today
Andrea Ammonio (c. 1478–1517), Italian poet
Andrea Andreani (1540–1623), Italian engraver on wood
Andrea Antico (c. 1480 – c. 1538) was an Istrian music printer, editor, publisher and composer of the Renaissance
Andrea Appiani (1754–1817), Italian painter
Andrea Argoli (1570–1657), Italian mathematician and astronomer
Andrea Aromatico (born 1966), Italian historian and expert in Hermetic iconography
Andrea Arru (born 2007), Italian actor and model
Andrea Bacci (born 1972), Italian race car driver
Andrea Baldini (born 1985), Italian fencer
Andrea Bargnani (born 1985), Italian basketball player
Andrea Barzagli (born 1981), Italian football player
Andrea Belli (1703–1772), Maltese architect
Andrea Bianchi (1925–2013), Italian film director
Andrea Boattini (born 1969), Italian astronomer
Andrea Bocelli (born 1958), Italian singer, writer and music producer
Andrea Bogdani (1600–1683), Albanian prelate and scholar
Andrea Bonomi (1923–2003), Italian footballer
Andrea Briosco (c. 1470–1532), Italian sculptor and architect
Andrea Camilleri (1925–2019), Italian writer
Andrea Casiraghi (born 1984), eldest child of Princess Caroline of Monaco
Andrea Cesalpino (1519–1603), Italian physician, philosopher and botanist
Andrea Cinciarini (born 1986), Italian basketball player
Andrea Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo (1925–2017), Archbishop of Tuscania
Andrea Costa (1851–1913), Italian socialist activist
Andrea Debono (1821–1871), Maltese trader and explorer
Andrea Doria (1466–1560), Genoese condottiere and admiral.
He was the protonym for the ocean liner SS Andrea Doria, which famously sank in 1956, as well as four Italian warships.
Andrea Dovizioso (born 1986), Italian motorcycle racer
Andrea Ferrara, 16th-century Scottish artificer who introduced the manufacture of high-quality steel blades bearing his name
Andrea Ferris (born 1987), Panamanian middle-distance runner
Andrea Figallo (born 1972), Italian composer and conductor
Andrea da Firenze (?-1415), Italian composer
Andrea del Sarto (1486–1530), Italian painter
Andrea del Verrocchio (c. 1435–1488), Florentine sculptor
Andrea diSessa (born 1947), American academic and epistemologist
Andrea Gabrieli (c. 1532/33-1585), Italian composer
Andrea Gioannetti (1722–1800), Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal
Andrea Iannone (born 1989), Italian MotoGP driver
Andrea Kim Taegŏn (1821–1846), first Korean Catholic priest, Patron Saint of Korea for the Catholic Church
Andrea Luchesi (1741–1801), Italian composer
Andrea Mantegna (c. 1431–1506), Florentine painter
Andrea Massena (1758–1817), French military commander of Sardinian origin during the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, one of the original eighteen Marshals of the Empire created by Napoleon
Andrea Nuciforo (1964), US politician who served as Democratic State Senator (1997–2007)
Andrea Orcagna (c. 1308–1368), Florentine painter, sculptor and architect
Andrea Palladio (1508–1580), Italian architect
Andrea Pazienza (1956–1988), Italian comics artist
Andrea Pennacchi (born 1969), Italian actor
Andrea Pirlo (born 1979), Italian football player
Andrea Pisano (c. 1270–1348), Italian sculptor and architect
Andrea Prader (1919–2001), renowned Swiss scientist and physician, co-discoverer of the Prader-Willi syndrome
Andrea Prosperetti (born 1944), Italian physicist, member of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering
Andrea Renzullo (born 1996), German singer
Andrea Sansovino (c. 1467–1529), Italian sculptor
Andrea Meldolla (1510/1515–1563), also known as Andrea Schiavone or Andrija Medulic, was a Dalmatian Renaissance painter and etcher
Andrea Settembrini (born 1991), Italian footballer
Andrea Solari (c. 1460–1524), Renaissance painter
Andrea Tacquet (1612–1660), Flemish mathematician and Jesuit priest whose work prepared the ground for the eventual discovery of the calculus
Andrea Tafi (fl. 1300–1325), Italian artist
Andrea Vassallo (1856–1928), Maltese architect
Andrea Vavassori (born 1995), Italian tennis player
Andrea Vesalius (1514–1564), Flemish physician, author of influential books on human anatomy and often referred to as the founder of modern human anatomy
Andrea Viterbi (born 1935), birthname of Italian-American scientist and engineer Andrew Viterbi, winner of the National Medal of Science
Andrea Zanzotto (1921–2011), Italian poet

 Fictional characters 
Andrea, a fictional character from Daria
Andrea Cantillo, a fictional character from Breaking Bad
Andrea Davenport, a fictional character from The Ghost and Molly McGee
Andrea Marino, a fictional character from Ghost Whisperer
Andrea "Andy" McNally, a fictional character from Rookie Blue
Andrea, a fictional character in The Walking Dead
Andrea Young, a fictional character from the book series, My Weird School

 References 

 Sources 
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica (2004). "Natalità e fecondità della popolazione residente: caratteristiche e tendenze recenti" (PDF) (in Italian). p. 11. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2006-10-01. Retrieved 2007-02-10.
"Classical Greek Online Base Form Dictionary". Archived from the original on 2013-10-23. Retrieved 2009-05-01.

Kokomo City
Kokomo City is an 2023 American documentary film, directed, produced, and edited by D. Smith. It explores the lives of four Black trans women and their experiences as sex workers in New York and Georgia. Lena Waithe serves as an executive producer.
The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 21, 2023, and was released in theaters on July 28, 2023, by Magnolia Pictures.

 Plot 
The film explores the lives of  Daniella Carter, Dominique Silver, Koko Da Doll, and Liyah Mitchell in New York and Georgia through interviews and re-enactments with actors. During the film, the Carter, Silver, Doll, and Mitchell discuss their experiences as Black trans women and as sex workers. Smith also interviews Black men.

 Production 
D. Smith had a successful career in the music industry, producing songs for Lil Wayne, Ciara, Keri Hilson, Billy Porter and André 3000. However, when she began to transition, she was essentially forced out of the industry, and ended up broke and homeless. Smith had the idea for a documentary film revolving around sex work, after wondering what would happen if she had to turn to it to sustain herself, and those who had no other options. Smith was still homeless when she began working on the project, with a camera being purchased by a host of where she was once staying, and a laptop by a producer.To find subjects for the film, Smith turned to Instagram and YouTube.  Smith wanted her subjects to feel comfortable, telling them to talk as if they were talking to her and shooting at lower angles to make it look as if they were at a sleepover. Lena Waithe and her producing partner, Rishi Rajani boarded the film as executive producers after having been blown away after viewing the film.

 Release 
The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2023. Shortly after, Magnolia Pictures acquired distribution rights to the film. It also screened at the 73rd Berlin International Film Festival on February 21, 2023, where it won the Panorama Audience Award, and SXSW on March 13, 2023. It was released in theaters on July 28, 2023. It is scheduled to be broadcast and released on Paramount+ with Showtime on February 2, 2024.

 Reception 
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 99% of 68 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 7.7/10. The website's consensus reads: "Kokomo City is a rousing docu effort that illuminates trans lives within a world of adverse circumstance and invariable optimism." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 79 out of 100, based on 20 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".Peter Debruge of Variety wrote, "This doc rocks, using music to set the tempo for its snappy mix of head-turning talking heads, tongue-in-cheek reenactments and outside-the-box supporting visuals." Lovia Gyarkye of The Hollywood Reporter wrote, "these women share their experiences with familial rejection, masculine sexual anxiety and a retaliatory world threatened by the dissolution of the gender binary. Violence - both real and anticipated - is the most obvious thematic thread, but competing for space and attention is beauty." Mey Rude of Out praised the film as an example of Black trans women "getting to be their unfiltered selves on-screen...and not hold anything back."In a review for the Los Angeles Times, Micheal Rechtshaffen writes, "At once bracingly candid and buoyantly energetic, the first feature by Grammy-winning trans singer-songwriter D. Smith clearly earns the trust of its personable quartet, who require little prodding to share their experiences and philosophies as they navigate decidedly nontraditional paths." Wendy Ide wrote for a review in The Observer, "For all the exaggerated winks in the music choices and provocative shots of beautifully lit buttocks, the film is an open and celebratory space in which the women can tell their stories. Some of them are hilarious, others bruising, all are painfully forthright about the all-too-real dangers they face." According to Teo Bugbee in The New York Times, "Smith's approach grants respect to women who are often dehumanized, even in their most intimate settings."The film received the Panorama Audience Award at the 73rd Berlin International Film Festival and also won the NEXT Audience and Innovator Awards at the 2023 Sundance Festival.

 Accolades 

 Koko Da Doll 
On April 18, 2023, Koko Da Doll, real name Rasheeda Williams, was found dead from a gunshot wound in Southwest Atlanta. Smith said Williams "will inspire generations to come and will never be forgotten." Other tributes came from her costars, one of the film's producers Harris Doran, and the Sundance Film Festival. After her death, the film was dedicated to her.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Kokomo City at IMDb

Kahit Nasaan Ka Man
Kahit Nasaan Ka Man (International title: Love Sonata / transl. Wherever You Are) is a 2013 Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network. Directed by Gil Tejada Jr., it stars Julie Anne San Jose and Kristofer Martin. It premiered on September 23, 2013 on the network's Telebabad line up replacing Anna Karenina. The series concluded on November 15, 2013 with a total of 40 episodes. It was replaced by Adarna in its timeslot.

 Cast and characters 

Lead castJulie Anne San Jose as Pauline Gomez
Kristoffer Martin as Leandro de ChavezSupporting castEula Valdez as Theresa de Chavez
Rita Avila as Delia
Ronaldo Valdez as Tino Gomez
Tessie Tomas as Corazon
Yayo Aguila as Medel
Michael de Mesa as Ernesto Gomez
Arthur Solinap as Luis Castillo
Vaness del Moral as Sally Castillo-Gomez
Lucho Ayala as John
Ervic Vijandre as BenjoGuest castMiggs Cuaderno as younger Leandro
Roseanne Magan as younger Pauline
Rio Locsin as Pauline's mother
Epy Quizon as Paulo de Chavez
Franco Laurel as Medina
Djanin Cruz as Amy
Camille Prats as a TV host

 Production 
Actor Ricky Davao was initially cast in the series, for the role of Ernesto Gomez. The role later went to Michael de Mesa.

 Ratings 
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Kahit Nasaan Ka Man earned a 24.1% rating. While the final episode scored a 20.2% rating.

 Accolades 

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Kahit Nasaan Ka Man at IMDb

Alex de Minaur
Alex de Minaur (born 17 February 1999) is an Australian professional tennis player. He achieved a career-high ATP singles ranking of No. 10 on 8  January 2024 and a doubles ranking of No. 58 on 12 October 2020. He has won seven ATP Tour singles titles and one in doubles.

 Early life and junior career 
Alex De Minaur was born in Sydney, Australia. His father, Anibal, is Uruguayan and his mother, Esther, is a Spaniard. His father owned an Italian restaurant on George Street in Sydney and met Esther when she began working there as a waitress. De Minaur has two brothers and three sisters — Dominic, Daniel, Natalie, Cristina and Sara.His name is commonly pronounced , inspiring both his nicknames, 'the demon' and Minotaur, as well as his use of the Minotaur logo when signing the camera lens after winning matches.
De Minaur has dual Australian and Spanish citizenship. He spent the first five years of his life in the south Sydney suburb of Carss Park before relocating to Alicante, Spain. He completed most of his early education in Spain before returning to Australia at age 13. As of 2015, de Minaur was living in Spain. De Minaur has stated that he has always felt a strong bond with Australia even though he has lived most of his life in Spain. In 2017, he told the Sydney Morning Herald "I used to represent Spain but I always felt I was Australian. As soon as we moved back here again that was the first thing I wanted to do — play for Australia."De Minaur is fluent in English and Spanish and also speaks some French.De Minaur began playing tennis at age three at the Sydney Private Tennis Academy at the Parkside Tennis Courts in Kogarah Bay. He was coached by Kerry Dock and then by Cindy Dock, a former Australian player. He has been coached by Adolfo Gutierrez since he was nine years old and living in Alicante. De Minaur reached a career-high ranking of 2 on the juniors circuit and won the 2016 Australian Open boys' doubles title alongside Blake Ellis. Although Lleyton Hewitt has never officially been his coach, he continues to be a mentor.

 Professional career 

 2015–2017: Early career success, turning pro 
De Minaur plays tennis under the flag of Australia. He made his professional debut in July 2015 at the Spain F22, reaching the quarterfinals. He was given a wildcard into the qualifying rounds of the 2016 Australian Open, but lost in round one to Kimmer Coppejans. De Minaur then spent the majority of the 2016 season playing on the ITF circuit in Spain, reaching two finals. He made his first ATP Challenger Tour final in Eckental, Germany after qualifying, however lost to Steve Darcis in the final.De Minaur commenced 2017 at the Brisbane International, where he defeated Mikhail Kukushkin and Frances Tiafoe in qualifying to reach his first ATP Tour main draw. He lost in the first round to Mischa Zverev. The following week, he received a wildcard into the Apia International Sydney where he defeated world No. 46, Benoît Paire to claim his first Tour-level win.De Minaur made his Grand Slam debut at the 2017 Australian Open after receiving a wildcard. He faced Gerald Melzer in the first round and won in five sets after saving a match point in the fourth set. He lost to Sam Querrey in round two.In May, de Minaur made his French Open debut after being awarded a wildcard. He lost the opening round to Robin Haase, in straight sets. In June, de Minaur lost in the first round of Nottingham and Ilkley Challengers and the second round of Wimbledon qualifying.De Minaur was awarded a wildcard into the 2017 US Open, losing in round one to Dominic Thiem.In December, de Minaur won the Australian Open play off for a main draw wildcard into the 2018 Australian Open. He finished the year with a singles ranking of No. 208.

 2018: Two ATP finals, NextGen ATP Finals final, top 50 
De Minaur commenced the year at the Brisbane International after receiving a wildcard into the main draw. He defeated American Steve Johnson in straight sets before scoring a career high win against world number 24 Milos Raonic in straight sets. He then defeated qualifier Michael Mmoh in the quarterfinals before losing to Ryan Harrison in the semifinals. De Minaur is the lowest ranked player and the youngest to reach the semifinals of the men's draw in the Brisbane International's 10-year history.De Minaur received a special exempt spot in the main draw of the Sydney event, where he consecutively eliminated Fernando Verdasco, Damir Džumhur and Feliciano López to reach his second ATP Tour semifinal; he reached this milestone just one week after having played in his first tour semifinal in Brisbane. De Minaur became the youngest player to play in two consecutive ATP semifinals since Rafael Nadal in 2005. He beat Frenchman Benoît Paire in the semifinals to meet Daniil Medvedev in the final. De Minaur lost the final in three sets, having won the opener.At the 2018 Australian Open, de Minaur lost in the first round to Tomáš Berdych, but took a set off of the 19th seed.He was awarded a wildcard into the 2018 French Open, but lost in the first round to British 16th seed Kyle Edmund. 
Following this, he made two consecutive Challenger finals, losing to Jérémy Chardy at Surbiton, before defeating Dan Evans in straight sets to claim his first Challenger-level title at the Nottingham Open.He saw his best results to date at a major at Wimbledon, defeating 29th seed and French Open semifinalist Marco Cecchinato and Pierre-Hugues Herbert to reach the third round, where he fell to world No.1 and second seed Rafael Nadal.In Washington, de Minaur defeated Vasek Pospisil, 11th seed Steve Johnson, eighth seed and Australian Open semifinalist Chung Hyeon and received a walkover over Andy Murray to reach the semifinals where he faced Andrey Rublev. De Minaur saved four match points while down 2–6 in the second set tiebreak, winning six points in a row to win it 8–6. He then won the final set 6–4 to reach his first ATP 500 final against Alexander Zverev, in which he went down 4–6, 2–6. De Minaur entered the top 50 in the rankings for the first time at World No. 45 on 6 August 2018.At the US Open, de Minaur defeated Taro Daniel and Frances Tiafoe before losing to seventh seed Marin Čilić in five sets. Later in the year, he replaced Nick Kyrgios as Australia's highest ranked male singles player.De Minaur qualified as the second seed into the 2018 Next Generation ATP Finals. He beat Andrey Rublev, Taylor Fritz, Liam Caruana in group stage. He then defeated Jaume Munar in the semifinals, before losing to top seed Stefanos Tsitsipas.

 2019: Three ATP titles, second NextGen ATP Finals final, top 20 
De Minaur began his year with a quarter-final run in Brisbane, competing at a career-high of World No. 31 –– resulting in him being seeded for a Grand Slam tournament for the first time in his career at the upcoming Australian Open. At the 2019 Sydney International, straight-set victories over Dušan Lajović, Reilly Opelka, Jordan Thompson and Gilles Simon saw him return to the finals. He defeated Andreas Seppi (7–5, 7–6(7–5)) to claim his first career title.Seeded No. 27 at the 2019 Australian Open, he lost in the third round to Rafael Nadal. De Minaur reached a then career-high ranking of World No. 24 in March 2019. Following the Australian Open, de Minaur suffered a groin injury, sidelining him for two months. At Wimbledon, De Minaur won his opening round before losing to Steve Johnson in the second round in five sets. De Minaur made his fourth ATP Final in Atlanta, where he defeated Taylor Fritz to clinch the trophy. He did not face a single break point in the four matches he played during the tournament, winning 116 of 123 first serve points.At the US Open, de Minaur defeated Kei Nishikori in third round, earning his first career win over a top 10-ranked opponent. He reached the fourth round for the first time in the event, however, lost to Grigor Dimitrov 7–5, 6–3, 6–4.In September, de Minaur claimed his 3rd ATP title beating Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in two sets in the final of the Zhuhai Championships. At the Swiss Indoors, de Minaur reached the final of an ATP 500 event for the second time in his career, losing to Roger Federer. As a result, de Minaur reached a career-high ranking of World No. 18.De Minaur qualified as the first seed into the 2019 Next Generation ATP Finals. He beat Alejandro Davidovich Fokina, Miomir Kecmanović, Casper Ruud in group stage. He then beat Frances Tiafoe in the semis, before losing to Italian wildcard Jannik Sinner.

 2020: US Open quarterfinal 
De Minaur started new season by playing for Australia at the first edition of the ATP Cup. He won his first two matches beating Alexander Zverev of Germany and Denis Shapovalov of Canada. Facing Great Britain in the quarter-finals, he lost his singles match to Dan Evans. However, in doubles, he and Nick Kyrgios won a three-set thriller over Jamie Murray and Joe Salisbury to send Australia to the semifinals. However, in the semifinals, he was defeated by Rafael Nadal.He withdrew from the first edition of the Adelaide International due to an abdominal strain. He also withdrew from the Australian Open due to the same injury. De Minaur returned from injury in February and played at the Mexican Open. He lost in the first round to Miomir Kecmanović. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, many of the ATP tour tournaments were suspended.
At the Cincinnati Masters, his first tournament since February, he was eliminated in the first round by Jan-Lennard Struff. However, in doubles, de Minaur (partnered with Pablo Carreño Busta) won the 2020 Cincinnati Masters doubles title, defeating Jamie Murray and Neal Skupski in the final (6–2, 7–5).At the US Open, he reached his first Grand Slam quarterfinal, where he was beaten by eventual champion Dominic Thiem.In Rome, de Minaur was defeated in the first round by German qualifier Dominik Koepfer. At the French Open, he was beaten in the first round by qualifier and 2018 semi-finalist, Marco Cecchinato. At the European Open, de Minaur reached the final where he lost to Ugo Humbert. Following this, at the Paris Masters, he was knocked out in the third round by eventual champion, Daniil Medvedev.He played his final tournament of the season at the Sofia Open, where he was defeated in the quarterfinals by the eventual champion Jannik Sinner. De Minaur ended the year ranked No. 23.

 2021: Fifth ATP title, top 15 
De Minaur started his 2021 season at the Antalya Open. Seeded fourth, he won his fourth ATP singles title when his opponent, eighth seed Alexander Bublik, retired from the final due to a right ankle injury. Playing for Australia at the 2021 ATP Cup, he lost both of his matches to Roberto Bautista Agut and Stefanos Tsitsipas. Seeded 21st at the Australian Open, he reached the third round where he was defeated by 16th seed Fabio Fognini.In March, de Minaur competed at the Rotterdam Open. Here, he was eliminated in the second round by Kei Nishikori. Seeded ninth at the Dubai Championships, he fell in the second round to Jérémy Chardy. Seeded 15th at the Miami Open, he suffered a second-round upset at the hands of Daniel Elahi Galán.Moving on to the clay-court season, de Minaur played at the Monte-Carlo Masters. He was beaten in the first round by Alejandro Davidovich Fokina. Seeded 14th at the Barcelona Open, he made it to the third round where he lost to second seed and eventual finalist, Stefanos Tsitsipas. In Madrid, he was defeated in the third round by third seed and two-time finalist, Dominic Thiem. At the Italian Open, he was eliminated in the first round by Italian wildcard Gianluca Mager. Seeded 21st at the French Open, he was beaten in the second round by Marco Cecchinato.In June, de Minaur had a short but successful grass season. Seeded fourth at the Stuttgart Open, he reached the quarterfinals where he lost to Jurij Rodionov. Seeded fourth at the Queen's Club Championships, he made it to the semifinals where he fell to top seed Matteo Berrettini. In doubles, he and Cameron Norrie reached the semifinals where they lost to Reilly Opelka/John Peers. In the week before Wimbledon, he won his first title on grass and fifth in his career at the Eastbourne International defeating Lorenzo Sonego in the final. With this run, he reached a new career-high singles ranking No. 15. Seeded 15th at Wimbledon, he could not keep up his good form and lost in the first round to Sebastian Korda.De Minaur pulled out of the Tokyo Olympics due to testing positive for Covid-19.He returned to action in August at the Washington Open. Seeded third, he was defeated in the second round by Steve Johnson. Seeded 12th at the Canadian Open, he was eliminated in the second round by Nikoloz Basilashvili. Seeded 14th at the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati, he fell in his second-round match to Gaël Monfils. Seeded 14th at the US Open, he lost in the first round to Taylor Fritz.Seeded fourth at the Moselle Open, de Minaur's woes continued as he was defeated in the second round by Marcos Giron. Seeded third in Sofia, he again lost in the second round to Giron. Seeded 22nd at the Indian Wells Masters, he reached the fourth round where he faced second seed Stefanos Tsitsipas. He pushed Tsitsipas to three sets, but he ended up losing the match. Seeded sixth and last year finalist at the European Open, he fell in the first round to American qualifier Brandon Nakashima. In Vienna, he was eliminated in his second-round match by second seed and eventual champion, Alexander Zverev. At the Paris Masters, he was beaten in the first round by lucky loser and compatriot, Alexei Popyrin.De Minaur ended the year ranked No. 34.

 2022: Australian Open & Wimbledon 4th rounds, Sixth title, 150th win 
De Minaur started his 2022 season by representing Australia at the ATP Cup. Australia was in Group B alongside Italy, Russia, and France. In his first match, he beat world No. 7, Matteo Berrettini, of Italy, for his first victory against a top 10 player since 2020. He then lost his second match to world No. 2, Daniil Medvedev of Russia, in straight sets. In his final tie, he defeated Ugo Humbert of France. In the end, Australia ended second in Group B. Seeded 32nd at the Australian Open, he reached the fourth round of a Grand Slam for the third time in his career and the first time at the Australian Open. He ended up losing to 11th seed and world No. 10, Jannik Sinner.In February, de Minaur competed at the Rotterdam Open. He reached the quarterfinals where he lost to top seed, world No. 4, and eventual finalist, Stefanos Tsitsipas. In Dubai, he was defeated in the first round by Karen Khachanov. Playing for Australia in the Davis Cup tie against Hungary, de Minaur helped Australia win the tie 3–2 over Hungary by beating Zsombor Piros and Márton Fucsovics. Seeded 29th at the Indian Wells Masters, he made it to the fourth round where he was beaten by 20th seed and eventual champion, Taylor Fritz. Seeded 25th at the Miami Open, he lost in the third round to third seed and world No. 5, Stefanos Tsitsipas.De Minaur started his clay-court season at the Monte-Carlo Masters. He lost in the second round to fifth seed, world No. 8, and last year finalist, Andrey Rublev, in three sets. Seeded 10th at the Barcelona Open, he upset fourth seed and world No. 10, Cam Norrie in the quarterfinals. He lost his semifinal match to fifth seed, world No. 11, and eventual champion, Carlos Alcaraz, in three sets, despite having two match points at 7–6(4), 6–5. In Madrid, he was defeated in the second round by 10th seed and world No. 12, Jannik Sinner. At the Italian Open, he reached the third round where he was beaten by second seed, world No. 3, and 2017 champion, Alexander Zverev. Seeded fourth at the Lyon Open, he reahed the semifinals where he fell to Alex Molčan. Seeded 19th at the French Open, he was knocked out in the first round by world No. 74 ranked Frenchman, Hugo Gaston, in a five set match which lasted almost 4 hours.De Minaur started his grass-court season at the Libéma Open. Seeded fourth, he lost in the second round to 2019 champion Adrian Mannarino. At the Queen's Club Championships, he upset eighth seed and world No. 18, Reilly Opelka, in the first round. He was defeated in the second round by Alejandro Davidovich Fokina.He won his sixth title at the 2022 Atlanta Open defeating James Duckworth (tennis), Adrian Mannarino, Ilya Ivashka and Jenson Brooksby in the final.He won his 150th match at the 2022 Stockholm Open defeating Benjamin Bonzi. Next he defeated JJ Wolf and fourth seed Denis Shapovalov to reach the semifinals where he lost to Holger Rune. The following week at the next tournament in Basel he lost again to Holger Rune in the first round.
At the 2022 Rolex Paris Masters he won in the first round against Sebastian Korda. He reached the third round for the third time at this tournament defeating world No. 3 Daniil Medvedev for his biggest and first top-5 win in 19 attempts.De Minaur ended the year with a singles rank of 24.

 2023: Seventh and first ATP 500 title, first Masters final, back to top 15, 200th win 
Alex De Minaur began his 2023 season by competing for Australia in the Inaugural United Cup. He lost to Cameron Norrie of Great Britain in straight sets, before claiming the biggest win of his career against then-world No. 2, Rafael Nadal of Spain. De Minaur lost in the fourth round of the Australian Open to eventual champion Novak Djokovic in straight sets winning only 5 games.At the Rotterdam Open, De Minaur recorded his third top-5 win, defeating Andrey Rublev in his opening match. He made it to the quarterfinals before losing to Grigor Dimitrov, after having match points.In March, De Minaur won his seventh overall and first ATP 500 title at the Mexican Open, defeating Tommy Paul. As a result, he returned to the top 20 in the rankings on 6 March 2023.Following this run, at the 2023 BNP Paribas Open he lost in the second round in less than an hour and a half to Marton Fucsovics having received a bye in the first round. At the 2023 Miami Open he also lost in the second round to Quentin Halys in a three hours and 20 minutes match with three tiebreaks.On grass, De Minaur reached a final at the Queen's Club Championships, losing to world No. 2 Carlos Alcaraz. He lost at Wimbledon in the second round to the unseeded Matteo Berrettini.
At the 2023 Los Cabos Open, he made it to the final, where he lost to top seed Stefanos Tsitsipas. At the 2023 National Bank Open in Canada, he reached his first Masters 1000 final, beating back-to-back top ten players, Taylor Fritz and Daniil Medvedev, seeded eight and second, respectively - having previously never made it past the round of 16 at a Masters tournament. De Minaur lost in the final to Jannik Sinner in straight sets. De Minaur's successful Canadian Open campaign was followed by a fourth round appearance at the US Open, where he was defeated by third seed, Daniil Medvedev. Afterwards, De Minaur participated in the China Open, where he defeated Andy Murray in three sets after saving 3 match points in a lengthy 3-hour match, however, lost again to Medvedev in the following round. Consequently, he rose to a career-high singles ranking of world No. 11.
During the indoor hardcourt swing, De Minaur defeated Andy Murray again at the 2023 Rolex Paris Masters in three sets in his first round, after saving a match point, becoming the first person ever to beat Andy Murray in their first 6 attempts and the first person to beat Andy Murray on clay, grass and indoor and outdoor hard court. In his next match, he defeated Dušan Lajović in 3 sets for his 200th career win. De Minaur received a walkover from Jannik Sinner in the round of 16, sending him into his second Masters 1000 quarterfinal of his career (both appearances came this year). He lost in 3 sets to Andrey Rublev

 2024: Top 10 debut, first victory over world no. 1 
De Minaur started his year at the 2024 United Cup, where he lost to world no.18 Cameron Norrie of Great Britain. He won against world no. 10, American Taylor Fritz in his first match of the year, to help Team Australia advance to the quarterfinals of the round-robin tournament, after they edged out the USA and Great Britain in game-winning percentage. In the quarterfinals, he upset Novak Djokovic 6–4 6–4 in straight sets on Australia's way to a 3–0 victory, his first win over a world no. 1, and handed Djokovic his first loss in Australia since Hyeon Chung beat him at the 2018 Australian Open. In the semifinals, he came from a set down to notch his third consecutive top-10 victory of the tournament after beating world number 7 Alexander Zverev. However Australia failed to progress to the finals, following a 1–2 defeat to eventual champions Germany. As a result, he became the first Australian to enter the world's top 10 since Lleyton Hewitt in 2006, and held the position for two weeks till 29 January 2024, marking the end of the 2024 Australian Open, where he reached the fourth round.

 Playing style 
De Minaur is famous for his speed and agility on court, which have earned him the jocular title "Speed Demon" on the tour.He is known for his ability to retrieve seemingly impossible balls and hit winners from defensive positions or force opponents into making mistakes. His footwork and court coverage are considered some of the best on tour, though some have questioned the physical toll it could take on his body in the long-term. Despite this, his fighting spirit, "never say die" attitude and intensity on the court have earned him a huge fan base for a young player.His baseline game suits that of a counterpuncher, often retrieving balls and slowly constructing points. However, he is also known to inject sudden pace into rallies to surprise opponents, and often opts for a one-two combination on his serve, using the serve and a powerful groundstroke to end points quickly. His forehand is significantly better than his backhand on the offensive, and he often uses it to construct points or hit winners when attacking.De Minaur's serve is considered his main weakness in his game, with both his first and second serve being considerably weaker than his counterparts in terms of power and a relatively high double fault count, in which it's considered the main attacking point for opponents. His volleys were initially a weakness too, but have improved, moving towards a more transitional offensive game.Critics point out that despite his defensive capabilities, de Minaur does not possess any real weapons to use against top opponents. Some have argued his defensive game is unsustainable physically in the long-term and is not sufficient to challenge better players, as he tends to play himself out of aggressive positions.

 National representation 

 ATP Cup 
De Minaur made his ATP Cup debut for Australia in January 2020. He scored a victory against then world No.7 Alexander Zverev; which helped Australia claim a 3–0 victory over Germany.In 2022, he beat world No. 7 Matteo Berrettini (6–3, 7–6).

 Davis Cup 
In early February 2018, De Minaur made his Davis Cup debut for Australia at 18 years of age, against then world No.5 Alexander Zverev from Germany in the opening rubber. He fell just short of a spectacular upset, losing in a fifth-set tiebreaker after at one point leading 3–0, (40–Ad.) in the decider.

 Olympics 
De Minaur was selected to represent Australia at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics (to be held in July 2021), but was forced to withdraw after testing positive for Covid-19.

 United Cup 
De Minaur made his United Cup debut for Australia in December 2022. He scored a victory against the world No. 2 Rafael Nadal, his biggest career win thus far. It was his eight top-10 career win and only his second in the top-5. Despite this win Australia did not advance out of the group into the knockout stage. In 2024, de Minaur and team Australia were much more successful, advancing to the semifinals, helped by de Minaur winning against 3 top 10 players, including world no. 1 Novak Djokovic.

 Performance timeline 

 Singles 
Current through the 2024 Australian Open.   

 Doubles 
Current through the 2023 Rolex Shanghai Masters.  

 Significant finals 

 Masters 1000 finals 

 Singles: 1 (1 runner-up) 

 Masters 1000 finals 

 Doubles: 1 (1 title) 

 ATP career finals 

 Singles: 14 (7 titles, 7 runners-up) 

 Doubles: 1 (1 title) 

 ATP Next Generation finals 

 Singles: 2 (2 runners-up) 

 Junior Grand Slam finals 

 Singles: 1 (1 runner-up) 

 Doubles: 1 (1 title) 

 Team competitions finals 

 Exhibition matches 

 Record against other players 

 Record against top 10 players 
De Minaur's record against players who have been ranked in the top 10. Active players are in boldface: 

 Top 10 wins 
De Minaur has a 16–40 (28.6%) record against players who were, at the time the match was played, ranked in the top 10.* as of 6 January 2024

 Personal life 
As of March 2020, de Minaur is in a relationship with British tennis player, Katie Boulter.

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 

Alex de Minaur at the Association of Tennis Professionals 
Alex de Minaur at the International Tennis Federation 
Alex de Minaur at the Davis Cup 
Alex de Minaur at Tennis Australia

The Shining Hour
The Shining Hour is a 1938 American romantic drama film directed by Frank Borzage, based on the 1934 play 
The Shining Hour by Keith Winter, and starring Joan Crawford and Margaret Sullavan. The supporting cast of the MGM film features Robert Young, Melvyn Douglas, Fay Bainter and Hattie McDaniel.

 Plot 
Olivia Riley, a New York City nightclub dancer, tires of the fast life and consents to marry Henry Linden, a wealthy farmer from Wisconsin.  Even before they engage to be married, however, Henry's brother David is sent to New York by their domineering sister Hannah to dissuade him from marrying Olivia. In private, Olivia slaps David when her integrity is questioned, but she marries Henry because she says he's the only person in her life who is endlessly positive.  When Olivia moves to her new husband's farm in Wisconsin, she encounters trouble from her sister-in-law Hannah, who does not approve of her. Olivia finds an ally in David's wife, Judy, who is in a loveless marriage.
Olivia comes to realize that she and Judy are in the same situation. Olivia's situation is further complicated when David defends her from the unwanted advances of a farm hand and he begins to fall in love with her. Henry is unaware of this, but Hannah finds out what is going on, and in a drunken rage she sets fire to the house that's being built for Henry and Olivia. Olivia saves a badly burned Judy, and David realizes he has loved Judy after all. Olivia then decides to leave the farm; and, as she drives away, Henry joins her and they leave together.

 Cast 
Joan Crawford as Olivia Riley
Margaret Sullavan as Judy Linden
Robert Young as David Linden
Melvyn Douglas as Henry Linden
Fay Bainter as Hannah Linden
Allyn Joslyn as Roger Q. Franklin
Hattie McDaniel as Belvedere
Oscar O'Shea as Charlie Collins
Frank Albertson as Benny Collins
Harry Barris as Bertie
Tony de Marco as uncredited dancer

 Production 
After Crawford and Franchot Tone had seen the original play, she asked MGM head, Louis B Mayer, to considered making a film adaptation. Though they had planned for Norma Shearer to star in a 1936 version, it ultimately did not come to fruition.Crawford later asked for both Fay Bainter and Margaret Sullavan to star alongside her in the film. Production began on August 22, finishing on October 3, 1938. Melvyn Douglas later noted Crawford and Sullavan got on well together on set. Gowns and set designs for the film were by Adrian and Cedric Gibbons.

 Reception and box office 
According to MGM records, the film earned $942,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $425,000 in other markets, realizing for the studio a total box office of $1,367,000. Those receipts, less the production's cited budget of $1,068,000, resulted in a profit of $299,000 for MGM.
The film received lukewarm reviews by critics. Variety said of the film:Joan Crawford, as the showgirl, carries most of the footage. Fay Bainter, as the resentful sister-in-law, is handicapped by script and dialog. Margaret Sullavan shows to advantage in a few instances, while Melvyn Douglas is rather smug and conservative as the husband. More zing in the romancing of Robert Young with Crawford would have generated some interest in rather dull passages.
Though, Margarita Landazuri of Turner Classic Movies said in 2004: All three women turned in excellent performances in The Shining Hour, with Crawford rising to the challenge presented by her co-stars. And all three responded to the sensitive direction of Frank Borzage, whose best films revolved around emotional, spiritual, and idealistic themes.turned in excellent performances in The Shining Hour, with Crawford rising to the challenge presented by her co-stars. And all three responded to the sensitive direction of Frank Borzage, whose best films revolved around emotional, spiritual, and idealistic themes.

 References 

 External links 

The Shining Hour at IMDb 
The Shining Hour at AllMovie
The Shining Hour at the TCM Movie Database
The Shining Hour at the American Film Institute Catalog

Rudy Galindo
Val Joe "Rudy" Galindo (born September 7, 1969) is an American former competitive figure skater who competed in both single skating and pair skating. As a single skater, he is the 1996 U.S. national champion, 1987 World Junior Champion, and 1996 World Bronze medalist. As a pairs skater, he competed with Kristi Yamaguchi and was the 1988 World Junior Champion and the 1989 and 1990 U.S. National Champion. He is the first openly gay skating champion in the United States, though US, World and Olympic champion Brian Boitano came out long after his career was over.

 Career 
Galindo began skating with his sister. Although the sport was expensive, his parents were supportive and forwent a chance to buy a house, settling instead for a larger trailer. As a singles career, Galindo won the 1987 World Junior title.Galindo was paired with Kristi Yamaguchi by his coach, Jim Hulick. They placed 5th on the junior level at the 1985 U.S. Championships and won the junior title in 1986. Hulick died of AIDS-related cancer in 1989. Galindo did not compete in singles in the 1988–89 and 1989–90 seasons in order to concentrate on pairs. Galindo and Yamaguchi won the 1988 World Junior title and the U.S. senior championships in 1989 and 1990. Their partnership came to an end in April 1990 when Yamaguchi decided to focus on her singles career. Lacking a partner of Kristi's calibre, Galindo returned to singles competition.Rudy Galindo's father died of a heart attack in 1993, and his brother, George, died from AIDS in 1994. Another coach, Rick Inglesi, died of AIDS in 1995. Galindo reports in his autobiography that he was grief-stricken and unmotivated by a lack of support from the skating establishment. He took eight months off after the 1995 U.S. Championships.
Galindo stated that the American judges scored his programs lower because they disliked his "unmasculine, balletic-style of skating". Christine Brennan of the Washington Post disagreed, stating that it was because he was not the best skater in the U.S. and predicted that he would never win a U.S. Championships. Figure skater writer Ellyn Kestnbaum states that Brennan must have not been paying attention to Galindo's practices during the 1995 Nationals, when he was ill with asthmatic bronchitis but was one of the best spinners in the competition. He was also the only male skater, other than his competitors Todd Eldredge and Scott Davis, who were practicing the triple Axel-triple toe loop combination jump, one of the most difficult jump combinations in figure skating.The 1996 national championships were scheduled to take place in his hometown, San Jose. Galindo decided to take advantage of this opportunity to compete in front of his mother, who no longer traveled, and his hometown. He resumed training in September 1995, with his sister Laura as his coach. In January 1996, he won the men's title at the U.S. Championships at the San Jose Arena in a performance that has become legendary in the skating world. He was the oldest male to win this title in 70 years. Kestnbaum calls his programs "two inspired performances". A profile of Galindo appeared in the local newspaper, the San Jose Mercury, and he was included in a monument to San Francisco Bay area skaters dedicated during Nationals, on the basis of his success as a pairs skater. Kestnbaum reports that the national media did not notice him until he won the title, stating that he garnered more attention than skaters like Eldredge and Davis, who had more clean-cut images than Galindo. The press also reported on Galindo's "triumph-over-tragedy human interest angle" of his story, as well as the fact that he was the first Mexican American champion and the first openly-gay U.S. champion. Brennan stated that Galindo deserved the title and should have earned more points in his short program, citing it "as further evidence of the arbitrary and political nature of figure skating judging".Galindo went on to win a bronze medal at the 1996 World Championships. He performed to Swan Lake by Tchaikovsky for his free skate program, and Franz Biebl's Ave Maria (performed by the Stanford Fleet Street Singers) for his exhibition program. As Kestnbaum states, Galindo was not yet prepared to take on the responsibilities of being a gay role model, so he focused on his training, even though it incured disappointment and hostility from the gay community. After he won the bronze medal at World's, however, he focused on gay issues directly in his skating, including wearing a red scarf in the shape of a large AIDS ribbon around his neck during the Ave Maria program.Galindo retired from eligible competition in the summer of 1996 and toured with Tom Collins' Champions on Ice. He underwent hip replacement surgery in August 2003 after finishing the season's tour with a broken femur on his left side. After recovering, Galindo continued to tour with COI until it went out of business in 2007. In 2006 he served as a judge on the WE tv series Skating's Next Star, created and produced by Major League Figure Skating and hosted by Kristi Yamaguchi.
Galindo coaches at Solar4America Ice (formerly Sharks Ice at San Jose), the same rink where he trained during his competitive career. Among his students is Kristi Yamaguchi's daughter, Emma Hedican.Galindo was inducted into the San Jose Sports Hall of Fame in 2011. He was elected to the U.S. Figure Skating Hall of Fame in December 2012.

 Personal life 
Galindo is the third child of Jess and Margaret Galindo. He had a brother, George, who was ten years older and who later died of AIDS. His sister Laura is five years older. He is of Mexican descent through his grandparents on his father's side. In 1996 he came out as gay in Christine Brennan's book Inside Edge: A Revealing Journey Into the Secret World of Figure Skating (ISBN 0-385-48607-3), which was published shortly before he won his national title that year. He is the first openly gay skating champion in the U.S. His autobiography Icebreaker (ISBN 0-671-00390-9), co-written with Eric Marcus, was published in 1997.
In 1996, after winning the bronze medal at the Worlds Championships, Galindo served as Grand Marshall at a gay pride parade in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, was the starter for a gay pride race in New York City, and appeared on the cover of Out magazine. Kestnbaum states, about Galindo: "[He] proved that the American public could embrace a gay skater as a national sports hero". Kestnbaum also reports that other skaters were inspired by Galindo, especially Doug Mattis, who had competed at the U.S. Nationals and was a professional figure skater.Rudy was very close to his family, especially his father, who made many financial sacrifices to help his son's career. Rudy states in his autobiography, "Icebreaker" that his sister Laura often drove him to practice years before she was old enough to have a driver's license. Laura gave up her career in part to support Rudy. She acted as his coach during the 1996 championship season.
In 2000, Galindo announced he was HIV positive.After residing a number of years in Reno, Nevada, Galindo moved back to San Jose, California in 2006.

 Competitive highlights 

 Singles career 

 Pairs career 
(with Kristi Yamaguchi)

 References 

 Works 
Kestnbaum, Ellyn (2003). Culture on Ice: Figure Skating and Cultural Meaning. Middleton, Connecticut: Wesleyan Publishing Press. ISBN 0-8195-6641-1.

 External links 

Official website

Der Pass
Der Pass (English: The Pass) or Pagan Peak is an Austrian-German television crime drama series which premiered on Sky Deutschland on 25 January 2019. It was inspired by season 1 of the Danish-Swedish series, Broen | Bron (English:The Bridge). Der Pass was co-created by Cyrill Boss and Philipp Stennert, both of whom also direct and write scripts. Criminal profiler Alexander Horn advised on aspects of police procedures. The action is set largely in the Austria-Germany border area from Traunstein to Salzburg. In the first season of eight episodes, two detectives, German Ellie (Julia Jentsch) and Gedeon (Nicholas Ofczarek) from Austria, hunt a serial killer, Gregor (Franz Hartwig), who is using a Krampus mask as a disguise. The pilot episode, "Finsternis" (English: "Darkness"), had its world premiere on 21 September 2018 at the Tribeca TV Festival, ahead of the full series broadcast. Its Austrian debut was at the Urania Cinema, Vienna, on 15 January 2019, and its German premiere at Gloria-Palast, Munich, on the following day.Season 2 of Der Pass, also of eight episodes, commenced broadcasting on 21 January 2022. In this season, Ellie and Gedeon investigate when female corpses are found in the border area. Their killer Xandi (Dominic Marcus Singer) is protected by his family's business empire. A third and final season aired from 4 May 2023. Ellie and Gedeon track seemingly unconnected murders by Felix (Felix Kammerer) who is encouraged by Jackl the Knacker-imitator Stefan (August Diehl).

 Premise 
Season one
Gedeon and Ellie attend a corpse at the border. It is the first victim of a serial killer, Gregor, who wears Krampus masks. Gregor warns "The Red Season Is Coming." Gedeon alerts authorities of Gregor's imminent bombing of a shopping mall; a child is killed. Tech-savvy Gregor hacks into Ellie's computer to stay ahead of the investigation. A copycat suspect is killed by police and authorities close the case. A year later, Gedeon is unconvinced and persuades Ellie to search for another victim. Gregor has moved next door to Ellie. He poisons both her and himself before being arrested. Gedeon saves Ellie's life. At a traffic stop, Gedeon is shot as gangland revenge.
Season two
A year later, Ellie mentors junior detective, Yela, who is joined by Gedeon, as a police advisor. They investigate another serial killer, Xandi, who tortures, rapes and revives his female victims before killing them. Xandi uses folklore rituals when dispatching wild animals. Both Ellie and Gedeon are recovering from traumas. Xandi is protected by his older brother Wolfgang, his mother Therese, the family's employee Manni and investigating chief detective Manuel. Wolfgang kills Yela with his rifle. Gedeon smuggles rifle out of evidence archive at Therese's behest. Xandi is arrested and imprisoned for multiple murders. Wolfgang leaves for South Africa. Therese pays to have bullet removed from Gedeon's brain.
Season three
Six months later serial killer Felix, follows instructions from his leader Stefan who poses as legendary figure, Jackl the Knacker. Ellie and Gedeon now have a fractious relationship. Ellie blames Gedeon for Wolfgang escaping justice. Gedeon also investigates location of his former abuser, Oskar. Felix successively kills Samir, Marianne, Tobias and Peter while praying to Jackl, "sequere me, te protegam" (English: "Follow me, I'll protect you"). Gedeon has hallucinations, takes pain-killers. Stefan is questioned but released due to insufficient evidence. Gedeon kills Oskar using Wolfgang's rifle. Ellie confronts Felix but he suicides. Internal Affairs investigates Gedeon and Ellie. Gedeon finds link between Felix' victims and Stefan, who has disappeared.

 Cast 
Julia Jentsch as Ellie Stocker: Traunstein senior detective inspector, enthusiastic and thorough, has an affair with Claas, her boss
Nicholas Ofczarek as Gedeon Winter or "Falcon": Salzburg detective inspector, cynical, dissolute and corrupt, nevertheless becomes fixated on catching the "Krampus killer". After being shot, Gedeon lapses into a coma, recovers but bullet remains in brain, organises surgery with Therese's finances
Lucas Gregorowicz as Charles Turek: Munich sensationalist newspaper reporter, writes a book on the Krampus killer. Later works for Abendpost (English: Evening Post)
Rony Herman as Sven Rieger: police task force's IT investigator
Matthias Hack as Ben Heller: Salzburg police detective, Manuel's subordinate; becomes second-in-charge for Gedeon
Martin Feifel as Christian Ressler: Austrian criminal profiler and case analyst
Alexander Stecher as Oskar Maria Koschlik (alias: Mr Simic): notable, modern visual artist, alleged pedophile, investigated by Gedeon several years ago; sexually abused Gedeon while living with Gedeon's mother
Sibylle Canonica as Therese Gössen: managed Gössen family interests, mother of Wolfgang and Alexander, protective
Michael Fuith as Staatsanwalt Svoboda: Vienna public prosecutor, investigating Gedeon and Califati; later refuses Ellie's request to investigate Gedeon for corruption
Christian Baumann (actor) as Thomas Braun: Ellie's deputy; later joins task force

 Season one cast 
Franz Hartwig as Gregor Ansbach/"David Zeller": self-sufficient survivalist, tech-savvy, uses Krampus legends for his own ends, poses as David to become Ellie's neighbour
Hanno Koffler as Claas Wallinger: Traunstein police commissioner, Ellie's superior, has an affair with Ellie
Lukas Miko as Sebastian Brunner: doomsdayer/survivalist, Six Brothers cult leader, styles himself as "Cernunnos"
Nataša Petrović as Milica Andov: illegal Macedonian refugee, mountain inn employee exploited by her boss, Sara
Julian Looman as Adam Litkowski: Salzburg detective on Gedeon's squad, promoted to inspector
Theresa Martini as Louisa Baumgartner: woman missing for three months, found imprisoned and beaten at Six Brothers cult, remains loyal to Sebastian
Victoria Trauttmansdorff as Johanna Stadlober: Salzburg police commander, Gedeon's boss
Christopher Schärf as Jörg Hässmann: political candidate for governo
Sarah Rebellato as Dalia Blani: police task force investigator, organises Dat.Sec's interviews
Antonia Moretti as Joy: popular blogger on fashion and make-up, dates Rafael
Gregor Kohlhofer as Rafael Conrad: heir to the Conrad family financial empire, dates Joy
Christian Aumer as Widmann: Police Commissioner, replaces Claas, becomes Ellie's new boss
Maria Bachmann as Martina Bartl: Munich newspaper editor, Charles' boss
Hans Brückner as Joseph Klein: Bavarian Interior Minister, restructures task force
Katrin Filzen as Sara Körner: innkeeper, exploits Milica
Matthias Ransberger as Fred: mountain inn employee
Kerim Waller as Karim: Califati's henchman
David Zimmerschied as Felix Riffeser/"Manus": Sebastian's right-hand man at Six Brothers cult
Harald Schrott as Johannes Tischler: cyber-security company Dat.Sec's owner, employs Gregor
Reinhold G. Moritz as Hahn: ex-inspector, worked on Tischler's murder case
Ernst Stötzner as Wolfgang Stocker: retired Traunstein city official, part-time hunter, Ellie's father
Norbert E. Lex as Dominik Gross: head of Ortus Foundation, unscrupulous businessman, has an affair with his employee, Nuria
Anna Sophie Krenn as Nuria Garido: Munich-based Spanish interpreter at Ortus Foundation, mistress of Dominik
Clemens Aap Lindenberg as Chingiz Tajmanov or "Califati": Viennese crime lord, bribed Gedeon for information
Ferdinand Dörfler as Vincenz Lang: Krampus mask maker, witness
Jelena Jovanova as Ivana Andov: Milica's sister, who confirms Milica's identity
Katharina Friedl as Miriam Tander: bomb victim's mother

 Season two cast 
Credits:
Franziska von Harsdorf as Yela Antic: Traunstein police investigator, mentored by Ellie
Dominic Marcus Singer as Alexander "Xandi" Gössen: wannabe piano virtuoso, younger brother of Wolfgang, who hunts, tortures and kills women
Christoph Luser as Wolfgang Gössen: economic manager of Gössen family company, protective older brother of Xandi
Erol Nowak as Manni Krois: hunter, taxidermist, works for the Gössens, instructs Xandi in folklore and preparing deer corpses
Andreas Lust as Manuel Riffeser: Salzburg detective chief inspector, in charge of Tonia's and subsequent murder investigations, corrupted by Wolfgang's minions
Gisela Aderhold as Alina Reichelt: anonymous help-line psychologist, contacted by Xandi
Ben Felipe as Tom Neuner: Traunstein police officer, works with Yela
Sophia Schiller as Laura Berger: Wolfgang's former girlfriend, in a coma for five years
Roland Silbernagl as Konstantin Vogas: heavily disfigured, wildlife photographer
Gabriela Garcia Vargas as Rebecca Afarid: Gössens' employee, becomes Wolfgang's current girlfriend
Marie Sophie von Reibnitz as Tonia Roth: 18-year-old German cyclist and camper, visiting Austria, one of Xandi's first murder victims
? as Miriam Zänger: cross-country skier, one of Xandi's early murder victims
Christina Cervenka as Clara Sidorow: prostitute, paid by Xandi to scream, later becomes another of his murder victims
Claudia Kottal as Natalia Stanner: horticulturist, who is kidnapped, raped and tortured by Xandi
Agnieszka Salamon as Jenny: Gössens' estate housekeeper
Gisela Salcher as Daniela Berger: Laura's mother
Hans-Maria Darnov as Alfons Holzmann: farmer, Xandi's neighbor, one of Xandi's last murder victims
Rina Juniku as Rosalie Jonas: woman, paid off by Wolfgang to attend orgies, later a witness against the Gössens
Lisa-Maria Sommerfeld as Lisa Hildebrandt: nurse's daughter, suspect in Ms Fischerauer's murder

 Season three cast 
Credits:
Johannes Zirner as Rafael Lutz: Salzburg police detective, Ellie's love interest; becomes internal affairs investigator
Claudia Kainberger as Pia Goiginger: police task force member, works for Ben
Frederic Linkemann as Andreas Haas: former armed response policeman, self-declared Reichsbürger ("Free Germany"); stole gun used in shooting
Victoria Mayer as Nadine Hofer: Traunstein Chief Inspector, transferred from Munich, becomes Internal Affairs investigator
Felix Kammerer as Felix Riedle; son of Milan Kusev, tutored by Stefan, serial killer
August Diehl as Stefan Polt: self-styled Jackl the Knacker, promises to protect his adherents
Peter Miklusz as Kai Markstein: sometime Satanist, tutored by Stefan
Lukas Walcher as Ermittler intern (English: "Internal Investigator"): Austrian Internal Affairs, determining whether Gedeon's corrupt
Katia Fellin as Ina Mayer: lawyer, joins environmentalist protesters against Gössens' chalets, had affair with Tobias
? as Volker Zacher: Freilassing citizen, Marianne's fiancé, injured while escaping Felix
Kolja Heiß as Gerichtsdiener (English: "Usher")
Dolores Winkler as Marianne Eberharter: Austrian woman, Volker's fianceé

 Episode guide 

 Season one 

 Season two 

 Season three 

 Production 
Co-creator Philipp Stennert acknowledged that Der Pass was inspired by the 2011 Danish-Swedish series, Broen | Bron (English:The Bridge) and oboserved, "Apart from the premise of two countries working together and finding a body on the border, everything else is pretty much a completely new story." The creators researched serial killers, including their online interviews, in developing the character of Gregor Ansbach (Franz Hartwig). The process was assisted by criminal profiler Alexander Horn (profiler). Unusually for a crime drama, the antagonist, Gregor, is revealed early in the series and has a more visible presence. Another deliberate effort is the evolution of both protagonists. Gedeon starts as a jaded, cynical and corrupt officer who becomes dedicated to catching Gregor, and who is protective of Ellie. Meanwhile, Ellie starts as a committed, enthusiastic and by-the-book officer who becomes a rule-breaker, slightly burned out and traumatised. Stennart described Ellie's character as difficult to write, "[one] who is truly good but also interesting."Filming of Der Pass took place from November 2017 to April 2018 in both Austria and Germany, at Bad Gastein, Berchtesgaden, Graz, Söcking, Vienna, Grundlsee and Sportgastein. The series was co-produced by the Austrian company Epo-Film and the German company Wiedemann & Berg Film Production,. Production was supported by FilmFernsehFonds Bayern, Fernsehfonds Austria, the film funding of the state of Salzburg, the CINESTYRIA Filmcommission and Fonds and Film Commission Graz. Additional crew members were Andreas Baltschun and Lucas Seeberger for film editing, Thomas Oláh on costume design, Heike Lange on set design, Herbert Verdino, Walter Fiklocki and Quirin Böhm for original sound, Nico Krebsfor on final sound design and mixing, and Tatjana Luckdorf and Evgenia Popova on make-up Design.The second season filming began in January 2020, however, it was delayed by restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic and resumed in April and continued intermittently to December 2020. For this season, Stennert described how, "It's so interesting to see how someone becomes a perpetrator in the first place. So this time we wanted to start following this guy before the first corpse." Broadcasting started on 21 January 2022 on Sky Deutschland and ZDF.

 Reception 
Ray Flook of Bleeding Cool reviewed the pilot episode of Pagan Peak, which depicts "crime scenes with symbolically posed victims, reminiscent of pagan rituals." Die Presse's Anna-Marie Wallner observed the series title, Der Pass, has multiple meanings, both the geographical location between Austria and Germany and the annual festival group of St Nicholas, Krampus and the Angel. Wallner praised the "courageous and rather unusual" storyline, where the villain is revealed to the audience in episode 3 while "tension nevertheless persists." Der Spiegel's Oliver Kaever felt, "It is about isolation, the power of the Internet and digital surveillance fantasies... [and] the enormously spreading grief here that man is a wolf to man. And the world is not a place that forgives."

 References 

 External links 
Der Pass via Sky Deutschland (in German)
Pagan Peak at IMDb

Neil Kaplan
Neil Charles Kaplan is an American voice actor, audiobook narrator, entertainer, and comedian. His most well known voice roles are Hawkmon from Digimon, Genryūsai Shigekuni Yamamoto from Bleach, Emperor Zarkon from Voltron: Legendary Defender and Madara Uchiha from Naruto.

 Biography 
Kaplan got his start as a comedian doing impressions of presidents such as Ronald Reagan and Richard Nixon. He also impersonated a little-known journalist at the time, Dan Rather. He then started work on video games, including several Star Wars titles. From there he went on to do such shows as Power Rangers, Digimon: Digital Monsters and Transformers: Robots in Disguise. He was once a contestant on the game show Street Smarts. On that appearance, he showed off some of his other impressions, including one of Gilbert Gottfried. He was a guest to the Power Morphicon (in Los Angeles) in June 2007 and August 2010, to Armageddon (in Australia and New Zealand) in October 2007, and to AVCon: Adelaide's Anime & Video Games Festival (in Australia) in July 2018. He also created the television series The Way it WASN'T! and the graphic novel I, of the Wolf. He voices Captain Fort Worth in the adult video game BoneCraft.

 Filmography 

 Anime 

 Animation 

 Films 
Digimon: The Movie – Hawkmon, Halsemon
Dragon Quest: Your Story – Dr. Agon, Zenith Dragon
Muhammad: The Last Prophet – 'Amr ibn al-'As, The Spy
The Happy Cricket – Toad #1
The Little Polar Bear – Bert
Promare – Vulcan Haestus

 Video games 

 Live-action 
Beetleborgs Metallix – Hornix, Witch Doctor (voices, credited as Bob Johnson)
Big Bad Beetleborgs – Venus Claptrap (voice, credited as Bob Johnson)
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie – Oozemen (voice, uncredited)
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue – Diabolico, Gold Beaked Monster (voices)
Power Rangers Lost Galaxy – Destruxo (voice), Mutantrum (2nd voice)
Power Rangers Time Force – Gluto (voice), Recap Narrator (voice, uncredited)

 References 

 External links 
Neil Kaplan - official website
Neil Kaplan's Facebook
Neil Kaplan at IMDb
Neil Kaplan  at Anime News Network's encyclopedia

Commemorative Medal for the Italo-Turkish War 1911–1912
The Commemorative Medal for the Italo-Turkish War 1911–12 was a decoration granted by the Kingdom of Italy to personnel who participated in the Italo-Turkish War of 1911–1912. It was abolished in 2011 after the Republic of Italy deemed it obsolete.

 History 
The Kingdom of Italy and Ottoman Empire fought the Italo-Turkish War from 29 September 1911 to 18 October 1912. To commemorate participation in the conflict, King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy established the Commemorative Medal for the Italo-Turkish War 1911–1912 by royal decree on 21 November 1912. The decree went into effect on 12 January 1913.After deeming the medal obsolete, the Republic of Italy abolished it on 10 February 2011.

 Eligibiity 
Italian and colonial military personnel and civilians were eligible for the medal if they served in the Italo-Turkish War between 29 September 1911, when Italy declared war on the Ottoman Empire, and 18 October 1912, when Italy and the Ottoman Empire signed the First Treaty of Lausanne, often called the Treaty of Ouchy, which ended the conflict.

 Appearance 

 Medal 
The medal consisted of a silver disc 32 millimetres (1¼ inches) in diameter bearing on the obverse the face of King Victor Emmanuel III facing right, encircled by the inscription "VITTORIO • EMANUELE • III • RE • D' • ITALIA" (English: VICTOR • EMMANUEL • III • KING • OF • ITALY). On the reverse was the inscription "GUERRA ITALO-TURCA 1911-1912" (English: ITALIAN-TURKISH WAR 1911-1912) surrounded by two laurel branches in the form of a crown. The medal was signed by the engraver Luigi Giorgi, as well as by other companies who obtained the minting contract. Some of the medals were made of silvered bronze rather than silver.

 Ribbon 
The ribbon was made up of six blue stripes alternating with five dark red stripes.

 Clasps 
Bronze clasps were authorized for the ribbon to represent the years of the campaign in which the recipient of the medal served. Three clasps were authorized, for "1911", "1911–12", and "1912". In some cases, recipients of the Commemorative Medal of the Libyan Campaigns, which differed from the Commemorative Medal for the Italo-Turkish War 1911–1912 only in its motto and had an identical ribbon, were authorized to wear clasps commemorating those campaigns with the Commemorative Medal for the Italo-Turkish War 1911–1912.

 References 

Abraham Ozler
Abraham Ozler is a 2024 Indian Malayalam-language psychological medical crime thriller film co-produced and directed by Midhun Manuel Thomas and written by Dr. Randheer Krishnan. The film stars Jayaram in the titular role alongside Anaswara Rajan, Arjun Ashokan, Senthil Krishna, Arya Salim, Anoop Menon, Jagadish, Dileesh Pothan and Mammootty appearing in an extended cameo. The film follows Ozler, a veteran cop haunted by the disappearance of his family, who takes up the investigation of a murder of an IT employee.
Director John Manthrikkal narrated a story to Thomas, written by Dr. Randheer Krishnan. Impressed with the story, he decided to direct the project. The film was officially announced in May 2023. Principal photography commenced on 20 May 2023. It was shot extensively in Thrissur, Palakkad, Coimbatore, and Wayanad and was wrapped up by mid-November. The music was composed by Midhun Mukundan while the film's cinematography was handled by Theni Eswar and the editing by Shameer Muhammed.
The film was initially set to be released on 25 December 2023, but the release date was postponed to 11 January 2024. The film received generally mixed reviews, praising performances of Jayaram, and Midhun's original score, but received criticism on direction and screenplay. Abraham Ozler earned around ₹40.15 crore worldwide, emerging to become the first Malayalam hit of the year and Jayaram's highest grossing film.

 Plot 
ACP Abraham Ozler finds his life shattered when a fake police call lures him away, leading to the kidnapping and brutal murder of his wife Maneesha and daughter by Vineeth, seeking revenge for a previous arrest related to narcotics. Ozler, plunged into despair, struggles to find closure.
Three years later, Ozler, haunted by hallucinations and insomnia, investigates a series of murders with his subordinates SI Sijo and SI Divya. The killer duo, one driving a pickup truck and the other posing as a surgeon, leaves cryptic notes at the crime scenes. As the team unravels the connections, they discover Krishnandas, a man using an artificial larynx, as a key suspect. His tragic backstory unfolds—once a child prodigy, Krishnandas lost his voice in a failed surgery, leading Ozler to connect him with the victims.
Delving into the past, Ozler discovers a shared history among the victims' parents: Shivakumar, Selvaraj, Xavi, and Alexander were Surgical MD students at Kozhikode Medical College in 1989. Professional jealousy and personal vendettas fueled by a failed surgery orchestrated by Xavi led to a chain of events resulting in Krishnadas losing his voice. The intricate revenge plan involved an accident cover-up, drug pumping, and false accusations.
The motive behind the murders becomes clear – Alex seeks revenge on those who ruined his life and became a reason for his girlfriend Suja's death. His plan unfolds with the help of Krishnandas, who shares a similar fate due to the conspirators. The police intervene, leading to the capture of Krishnandas, but the real mastermind, Alexander, remains elusive until the end.
As the truth surfaces, Alexander is arrested, and it seems the case has reached its conclusion. However, a surprising turn occurs at Xavi's book-signing event. He collapses and dies, revealing that Alexander had poisoned him intentionally, ensuring his story would be exposed.
In the aftermath, Ozler, on his routine visit to Vineeth in jail, unexpectedly encounters Alexander, now a fellow inmate. Alexander cryptically utters "Bone Residue," hinting at an unresolved truth about Ozler's family. Ozler confronts Vineeth, realizing there's no bone residue on the weapon used in the murders. This revelation challenges the assumption that Vineeth killed Ozler's family, setting the stage for a sequel as Vineeth challenges Ozler to dig deeper for the truth.

 Cast 

 Production 

 Development 
After the success of Anjaam Pathira (2020), Midhun Manuel Thomas wanted to direct a film featuring Kunchako Boban. However, the commencement of shooting didn't occur due to various reasons. It was during that time that director John Manthrikkal narrated a story to Midhun which was written by ortho surgeon Dr. Randheer Krishnan. He liked the story and decided to direct the film.In an interview with Anandu Suresh of The Indian Express, Midhun revealed that the film's titular protagonist was named after the Canadian physician William Osler, regarded as the 'Father of Modern Medicine'. He also revealed that he had initially included a backstory, explaining that Abraham Ozler’s father, a doctor, named his son after his favorite physician with the hope that Abraham would also become a physician like his father. The film marked Midhun's return to direction after a four year hiatus. Meanwhile he had  penned the screenplay for Garudan (2023) and Phoenix (2023).

 Casting 
Midhun approached Jayaram to play the titular role. Initially, Jayaram was hesitant to commit to the project as he believed that it was unlike any film  he had done till now. He believed it was a heavy character and had to appear in two timelines with different looks. However, he agreed to play the role as Midhun convinced him. In preparing for the role, Jayaram put in some weight and grew a long beard with a tired look to fit the character. Abraham Ozler marks Jayaram's second Malayalam venture since 2019.
There were reports that Mammootty would have a 15 minute cameo appearance in the film which was denied. Reports suggested that Mammootty would have a screen-time of over 45 minutes in the film, and it was also reported that he would be playing a negative role, which was unconfirmed. Regarding Mammootty's cameo, Jayaram revealed that Mammootty was not the first choice to play the role of Alexander. The makers approached actors Sathyaraj, R. Sarathkumar, Prakash Raj, and others. Midhun said that, when he narrated the story of Abraham Ozler to Mammootty, he liked the script and asked him if he could play the antagonist. Midhun was apprehensive about casting Mammootty. However, Jayaram convinced him to give the role to Mammootty. Midhun met Mammootty again, who consented to play the role of Alexander.

 Filming 
The project was announced on 19 May 2023. Principal photography began on 20 May 2023 in Mission Quarters in Thrissur. Producer Irshad M. Hassan performed the switch-on ceremony. The first scene was reportedly shot between Jayaram and Sai Kumar. Apart from Thrissur, Palakkad, Coimbatore, Idukki and Wayanad were the other shooting locations. The filming wrapped up on 14 November 2023.

 Music 
The film's music was composed by Midhun Mukundan. It consists of one track, Poomaname, from the 1985 film Nirakkoottu. The track was originally composed by Shyam and the lyrics were written by Poovachal Khader. The song was sung by Nitin K. Siva, while the original song was by K. S. Chithra, G. Venugopal and K. G. Markose.

 Release 

 Theatrical 
The film was initially scheduled to release on 25 December 2023, on the occasion of Christmas. The release date was postponed to 11 January 2024 to avoid a clash with other major Christmas releases, such as Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom, Dunki, Neru and Salaar: Part 1 – Ceasefire. The film was released in North America on 12 January 2024.

 Reception 

 Critical response 
S. R. Praveen of The Hindu called the film "A serial killer pursuit that fizzles out soon", writing "Certain intriguing elements are present in the script, but it all plays out tamely on the screen. Halfway through the narrative, even these elements fizzle out, as more than half of the puzzle is solved by then." and "The Jayaram-starrer is marred by generic treatment to the serial killer genre, with a cameo from superstar Mammootty offering only a temporary relief." Vishal Menon of FIlm Companion wrote, "By reinventing Jayaram as an actor and by infusing so much information into a stereotypical thriller, Abraham Ozler remains fairly engaging even if you've seen it all before." Anandu Suresh of The Indian Express wrote, "For director Midhun Manuel Thomas, Abraham Ozler is a step back in terms of the aesthetic and engaging qualities typically found in his movies, even those where he served only as the scriptwriter. Despite the film not being entirely devoid of high points, its overall lacklustre nature outweighs the occasional moments of excellence."Hari P N from Koimoi reviewed the film and commented "'Abraham Ozler' successfully merges medical thriller and emotional crime drama, with Jayaram delivering a commendable performance". He further went on to praise the cast by saying "Jayaram’s commendable performance and standout acts by supporting cast members enhance the film’s appeal". Nikhil Sebastian from Pinkvilla rated the film 2.5, writing, "Ozler falls into the category of another half-baked thriller, relying on the performances of the actors and a brilliant original score. If you're a fan of thrillers and have enjoyed Midhun Manuel Thomas's previous works, Ozler might provide a decent watch."Princy Alexander of Onmanorama, wrote, "The initial feeling of repetitiveness affects the thrills in the first half. However, true to the expression "to end with a bang," Midhun employs the right tactics in the second half to provide viewers with a more than satisfactory conclusion." Gopika Is of The Times of India wrote, "Jayaram starrer Abraham Ozler turned out to be an interesting watch and can undoubtedly be seen as a new phase in the actor's career." and "The use of a song in between the narration was executed well, but the beginning took the seriousness out of the situation to an extent. It should be mentioned again that even when the plot was more or less clear and it was evident as to what will be the climax, the how of it still kept everyone guessing and engaged, which is remarkable." Sara Anna Eepan of the The Week gave a rating 3/5 and wrote," Abraham Ozler is worth a watch on the big screen for those interested in an investigation drama with medical thriller elements."

 Box office 
Abraham Ozler grossed ₹2.88 crore from the Kerala box office and ₹6 crore worldwide, on its opening day. The film grossed ₹2.34 crore on its second day, with worldwide gross exceeding ₹10 crores. Abraham Ozler grossed ₹2.9 crore on its third day and ₹3.19 crore on its first Sunday. The film grossed around ₹11.31 crore in its first four days from the Kerala box office.The film grossed a total of $61,616 from the North America box office in the first weekend. The film grossed ₹1.4 crore on its fifth day from the Kerala box office. The film grossed a total of ₹15 crore in its first 8 days from the Kerala box office. The film grossed a total of ₹3.1 crore in its second weekend at the Kerala box office. The film grossed a total of $1.36 million (approx Rs. 11.3 crores) from 11 days at the UAE and GCC box office, while it grossed ₹1.7 crore from ROI circuits in 11 days. In North America, it grossed $130K, in UK and Europe it grossed $150K and in Australia $17K in 11 days at the box office. In 16 days, the film grossed more than ₹20 crore from the Kerala box office and was declared a super hit at the box office, becoming the first commercially successful Malayalam release of 2024.

 References 

 External links 
Abraham Ozler at IMDb

Gerald Marr Thompson
Gerald Marr Thompson (11 September 1856 – 28 February 1938), commonly referred to as Marr Thompson, was an Australian journalist — art, music, and drama critic for the Sydney Morning Herald for nearly 35 years.

 History 
Thompson was born in London, youngest son of solicitor John Thompson and Emma Thompson, née Hitchcock, and was educated at London University College.
Following his brothers, both medical doctors, he emigrated to Australia in 1881, settling in Adelaide, where he was employed with the Bank of Australasia, while submitting regular music and drama critiques to The Advertiser. He moved to Sydney in 1883, becoming the art, drama and music critic for the Daily Telegraph.He was the Herald's third drama and music critic, succeeding Sir Gilbert Parker 1886–1888 and Austin Brereton 1888–1891, holding the position July 1891 – 1925.

 Family 
On 7 April 1887 he married Eleanor Lucy Cole. She died in July 1927, and he married again, in December 1932 to Mathilde Pognon. They had a home in Double Bay.
His siblings included John Ashburton Thompson, of the NSW Board of Health.

 References 

Socialist International
The Socialist International (SI) is a political international or worldwide organisation of political parties which seek to establish democratic socialism. It consists mostly of social-democratic, socialist and labour political parties and organisations.
Although formed in 1951 as a successor to the Labour and Socialist International, it has antecedents in the late 19th century. The organisation currently includes 132 member parties and organisations from over 100 countries. Its members have governed in many countries, including most of Europe. In 2013, a schism in the SI led to the establishment of the Progressive Alliance.The current secretary general of the SI is Benedicta Lasi of Ghana and the current president of the SI is the prime minister of Spain, Pedro Sánchez, both of whom were elected at the last SI Congress held in Madrid, Spain, in November 2022.

 History 

 First and Second Internationals (1864–1916) 
The International Workingmen's Association, also known as the First International, was the first international body to bring together organisations representing the working class. It was formed in London on 28 September 1864 by socialist, communist and anarchist political groups and trade unions. Tensions between moderates and revolutionaries led to its dissolution in 1876 in Philadelphia.The Second International was formed in Paris on 14 July 1889 as an association of the socialist parties. Differences over World War I led to the Second International being dissolved in 1916.

 Labour and Socialist International (1919–1940) 
The International Socialist Commission (ISC), also known as the Berne International, was formed in February 1919 at a meeting in Bern by parties that wanted to resurrect the Second International. In March 1919, Communist parties formed the Communist International ("Comintern"), the Third International, at a meeting in Moscow.Some parties did not want to be a part of the resurrected Second International (ISC) or Comintern. They formed the International Working Union of Socialist Parties (IWUSP, also known as Vienna International, Vienna Union, or Two-and-a-Half International) on 27 February 1921 at a conference in Vienna. The ISC and the IWUSP joined to form the Labour and Socialist International (LSI) in May 1923 at a meeting in Hamburg. The rise of Nazism and the start of World War II led to the dissolution of the LSI in 1940.

 Socialist International (1951–present) 
The Socialist International was formed in Frankfurt in July 1951 as a successor to the LSI.During the post-World War II period, the SI aided social democratic parties in re-establishing themselves when dictatorship gave way to democracy in Portugal (1974) and Spain (1975). Until its 1976 Geneva Congress, the SI had few members outside Europe and no formal involvement with Latin America. In the 1980s, most SI parties gave their backing to the Nicaraguan Sandinistas (FSLN), whose democratically elected left-wing government was subject to a campaign to overthrow it backed by the United States, which culminated in the Iran–Contra affair after the Reagan administration covertly continued US support for the Contras after such support was banned by Congress.

In the late 1970s and in the 1980s the SI had extensive contacts and discussion with the two leading powers of the Cold War period, the United States and the Soviet Union, on issues concerning East–West relations and arms control. The SI supported détente and disarmament agreements, such as SALT II, START and INF. They had several meetings and discussion in Washington, D.C., with President Jimmy Carter and Vice President George Bush and in Moscow with Secretaries General Leonid Brezhnev and Mikhail Gorbachev. The SI's delegations to these discussions were led by the Finnish Prime Minister Kalevi Sorsa.Since then, the SI has admitted as members an increasing number of parties and organisations from Africa, Asia, Europe, and Latin America (see below for current list).
Following the Tunisian Revolution, the Constitutional Democratic Rally was expelled from the SI in January 2011; later that month the Egyptian National Democratic Party was also expelled; and as a result of the 2010–2011 Ivorian crisis, the Ivorian Popular Front was expelled in March 2011, in accordance with section 7.1 of the statutes of the Socialist International. These decisions were approved at the subsequent SI Congress in Cape Town in 2012 in line with section 5.1.3 of the statutes. These were long term ruling parties of one-party states that were overthrown in the protests of the Arab Spring.

 Progressive Alliance split (2013) 
On 22 May 2013 the Social Democratic Party of Germany along with some other current and former member parties of the SI founded a rival international network of social-democratic parties known as the Progressive Alliance, citing the perceived undemocratic and outmoded nature of the SI, as well as the Socialist International's admittance and continuing inclusion of undemocratic political movements into the organization. For example, the SPD objected to the continued presence of the Sandinista National Liberation Front and the delayed ouster of the RCD and NDP.After the 2012 Congress, the SI underwent major changes as many of the large European parties allowed their membership to lapse – for example the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and the Swedish Social Democratic Labour Party – or downgraded their membership to observer status – for example, the British Labour Party and the Norwegian Labour Party (DNA). These parties now concentrate their international links on the Progressive Alliance, with the SI's focus now increasingly being on the global south.

 Relationship with Latin America 
For a long time, the Socialist International remained distant from Latin America, considering the region as a zone of influence of the United States. For example, it did not denounce the coup d'état against Socialist President Jacobo Árbenz in Guatemala in 1954 or the invasion of the Dominican Republic by the United States in 1965. It was not until the 1973 Chilean coup d'état that "a world we did not know" was discovered, explained Antoine Blanca, a diplomat for the French PS. According to him, solidarity with the Chilean left was "the first challenge worthy of the name, against Washington, of an International which, until then, had done everything to appear subject to American strategy and NATO". Subsequently, notably under the leadership of François Mitterrand, the SI supported the Sandinistas in Nicaragua and other movements in El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras in their struggle against US-supported dictatorships.In the 1990s, it was joined by non-socialist parties that took note of the economic power of the European countries governed or to be governed by their partners across the Atlantic and calculated the benefits they could derive from it. During this period, "the socialist international works in a clientist way; some parties come here to rub shoulders with Europeans as if they were in the upper class," says Porfirio Muñoz Ledo, one of the representatives of the Party of the Democratic Revolution (Mexico) at the SI. It is home to "the very centrist Argentinean Radical Civic Union (UCR); the Mexican Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), which was not very democratically in power for seventy years; the Colombian Liberal Party—under whose governments the left-wing formation Patriotic Union (1986–1990) was exterminated—introduced the neoliberal model (1990–1994) and to which, until 2002, Álvaro Uribe will belong". In the following decade, many left-wing parties that came to power (in Brazil, Venezuela, Bolivia, Ecuador and El Salvador) preferred to keep their distance from the SI.

 Logo 
The logo is the fist and rose, based on the 1977 design by José María Cruz Novillo for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, itself a variant of the logo of the French Socialist Party. Variants of the emblem are or were used by several SI member parties.

 Presidents, honorary presidents and secretaries general 

 Presidents 
As of 2023, there have been a total of 9 Socialist International presidents.

 Honorary presidents 
Current and honorary presidents include:
Mustapha Ben Jafar, Tunisia
Leonel Brizola, Brazil
Rubén Berríos, Puerto Rico
Philippe Busquin, Belgium
Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas, Mexico
Mohamed El Yazghi, Morocco
Alan García, Peru
Anita Gradin, Sweden
Elazar Granot, Israel
Tarja Halonen, Finland
Mahamadou Issoufou, Niger
Anker Jørgensen, Denmark
Lionel Jospin, France
Neil Kinnock, United Kingdom
Horacio Serpa, Colombia
Enrique Silva Cimma, Chile
Mário Soares, Portugal
Hans-Jochen Vogel, Germany

 Secretaries general 
Julius Braunthal, Austria (1951–1956)
Bjarne Braatoy, Norway (1956–1957)
Albert Carthy, United Kingdom (1957–1969)
Hans Janitschek, Austria (1969–1976)
Bernt Carlsson, Sweden (1976–1983)
Pentti Väänänen, Finland (1983–1989)
Luis Ayala, Chile (1989–2022)
Benedicta Lasi, Ghana (2022–present)

 Summits 
1951 (Ist): Frankfurt, West Germany.
1952 (IInd): Milan, Italy.
1953 (IIIrd): Stockholm, Sweden.
1955 (IVth): London, United Kingdom.
1957 (Vth): Vienna, Austria.
1959 (VIth): Hamburg, West Germany.
1961 (VIIth): Rome, Italy.
1963 (VIIIth): Amsterdam, Netherlands.
1964 (IXth): Brussels, Belgium.
1966 (Xth): Stockholm, Sweden.
1969 (XIth): Eastbourne, United Kingdom.
1972 (XIIth): Vienna, Austria (2nd time).
1976 (XIIIth): Geneva, Switzerland.
1978 (XIVth): Vancouver, Canada.
1980 (XVth): Madrid, Spain.
1983 (XVIth): Albufeira, Portugal.
1986 (XVIIth): Lima, Peru.
1989 (XVIIIth): Stockholm, Sweden (2nd time).
1992 (XIXth): Berlin, Germany.
1996 (XXth): New York City, United States.
1999 (XXIst): Paris, France.
2003 (XXIInd): São Paulo, Brazil.
2008 (XXIIIrd): Athens, Greece.
2012 (XXIVth): Cape Town, South Africa.
2017 (XXVth): Cartagena, Colombia.
2022 (XXVIth): Madrid, Spain (2nd time).

 Members 

 Full members 
There are 92 full members:

 Consultative parties 
There are 19 consultative parties:

 Observer parties 
There are eight observer parties:

 Former members 

 Fraternal organisations 
International Falcon Movement – Socialist Educational International
Socialist International Women

 Associated organisations 

 See also 
French Section of the Workers' International
Reformism

 Notes 

 References 

 Further reading 
The Socialist International by Nikolai Sibilev, 1984.
Social Democracy and Southern Africa by Vladimir Shubin (pseudonym of Vladimir Bushin), 1989.
Julius Braunthal, "The Rebirth of Social Democracy," Foreign Affairs, vol. 27, no. 4 (July 1949), pp. 586–600. In JSTOR
Pentti Vaananen, The Rose and the Fist, SYS Print, 2014, pp. 50–230. ISBN 978-952-93-3706-4

 External links 
Official website

Statue of Lenin in Kharkiv
The Statue of Lenin in Kharkiv was a sculpture monument to Vladimir Lenin, located in Freedom Square, Kharkiv, Ukraine, that was toppled and demolished in 2014. It was the largest monument to Lenin in Ukraine, designed by Alexander Sidorenko after entering an open competition to design the monument in 1963, in the lead up to the anniversary of the October Revolution.
The monument ID was 63-101-0682.

 Description 
The statue was composed of Lenin, gesturing towards the Kharkiv Regional Administration Building with his right hand and holding a crumpled cartouche in his left, atop a pedestal. The pedestal included two bas-reliefs: on one side a worker, sailor, and soldier under the Red Flag, and on the other a worker, a collective farmer, and a scientist who raised a model artificial satellite above his head. In the middle, the plinth was mainly empty, except for the inscription of Lenin's name in Ukrainian, held on by steel pins at its feet.

 History 
The monument was placed and planned by the Kharkiv City Council through the memorandum placed to build the sculpture on the square in 1963. The commission was accounted by sculptor Alexander Sidorenko and the building was commissioned by Oleksiy Oliynyk and Makar Vronsky. The monument was opened in November 1964, the eve of the October Revolution festivities in the USSR.
After the collapse of the USSR and restoration of the independence of Ukraine, many activists, politicians, and individuals called for the destruction of the sculpture, to remove a remnant of the totalitarian Soviet era in the area.
By order of the Ministry of Culture No. 468 of 30 May 2013, the monument was entered in the State Register of Immovable Landmarks of Ukraine as a monument of monumental art of local significance, protection number 27-Ha.

 Euromaidan and Revolution of Dignity 
During the Euromaidan events in Ukraine on 22 February 2014, after thousands of Euromaidan activists marched from the Palace of Sports to Freedom Square, there were discussions about the mass demolition of the monument and all other insignias of the Soviet past. During the discussion, it was decided to demolish the monument after a decision in the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine.
Groups of Kharkiv residents who identified themselves as the "St George's Ribbon" movement called for pro-Russian inhabitants and Anti-Maidan activists to defend the monument and organised round-the-clock protection. The Mayor of Kharkiv Hennadiy Kernes opposed the toppling of the monument.Several months later, in the evening of 21 September 2014, Right Sector activists painted the monument and burned the St George's ribbons that remained there. The next day, the inscriptions were erased by utility workers.

 Demolition 

On 28 September 2014, a pro-Ukrainian march and rally was held in Kharkiv under the slogan "Kharkiv is Ukraine" with the participation of about 5,000 people. After the pro-Ukrainian action, most of its participants (about 3,000) gathered in Freedom Square and began to demolish the monument to Lenin. Participants included fighters of the Azov Battalion and activists of the Eastern Corps, Public Guard, Kharkiv Euromaidan, and Kharkiv Ultras.Initially, it was planned to saw the monument in parts with the help of a car lift, and in particular to saw off the head and hands. But the police did not allow special equipment to the monument and blocked all entrances to the square. At the same time, activists with the flag of the Azov Battalion drilled the inscription "Glory to Ukraine" into the monument with a perforator, at about 19:00 UTC+2.During the action to demolish the monument to Lenin, the pedestal was mined and inspected, but the report on the demining turned out to be false. In addition, according to Adviser to the Minister of Internal Affairs Anton Gerashchenko, law enforcement officers surrounded Freedom Square during the demolition of the monument to Lenin in order to prevent armed provocations.During the first attempt to demolish the monument, the cable broke, injuring one of the activists. After this, the monument's legs continued to be sawn, and climbing ropes were replaced with steel ropes. One man who tried to harm this process was beaten by pro-Ukrainian activists.
At about 10:30 pm, activists tied two ropes to the figures and pulled them down and knocked down the monument to Lenin on Freedom Square in Kharkiv. After that, a crowd of people rushed to the monument, lighting fireworks and smoke bombs, as well as greeting each other shouting "Glory to Ukraine" once more. Kharkivites also tried to seize a piece of the monument as a souvenir. In total, the process of demolition of the monument took about four hours. Activists set Ukrainian flags in the shoes of the statue of Lenin that remained on the pedestal.The sculpture was severely damaged, with the remaining pieces being just a torso without one arm, the head, the front abdomen, and the boots. The remains of the statue of Lenin were transported to the Malyshev plant and the Kharkiv regional highway near the ring road.

 Aftermath 
Initially, the police opened a criminal investigation into the attempt to topple the monument to Lenin under Part 2 of Article 298 (destruction, destruction or damage to cultural heritage sites) of the Criminal Code of Ukraine.
However, a few hours after the demolition, the city's official website published an order signed by the Governor of Kharkiv Oblast, Ihor Baluta, in which he “instructed the relevant structures to take measures to exclude the monument to Lenin, located on Svoboda Square in Kharkov, from the register of historical and cultural monuments, and also to take measures for the dismantling of the monument". Baluta then signed an order about "settling the situation regarding monuments to totalitarianism", according to which he decided to take urgent measures to dismantle the monument and remove it from the State Register of Immovable Monuments of Ukraine. On the basis of this order, the Minister of Internal Affairs Arsen Avakov announced the termination of the criminal proceedings regarding the damage to the monument. The next day, the Kharkiv police officially announced the termination of the criminal proceedings.On 29 September 2014, the head of the Kharkiv Regional State Administration Ihor Baluta noted that the fall of the monument did not damage the structure of the subway system.Later, activists of the Kharkiv public organization IT Sector offered to the mayor to exchange the sculpture's nose for an armoured personnel carrier or a T-80 tank for the Azov Volunteer Battalion, saying that otherwise they will hold an auction for the nose. Lenin's 35 kg ear from the monument was also put up for auction, and was exchanged for a thermal imager for the Kharkiv Territorial Defence Battalion.On the morning of 4 October 2014, a cross 3.5 m high, 1.5 m wide, and over 100 kg in weight was installed on the top of the pedestal, with the inscriptions "Save and Preserve" and "Put a cross on Lenin", which stood temporarily.In April 2015 a Kharkiv Court ruled that the destruction of the monument had not been illegal since, on 28 September 2014, then Governor of Kharkiv Oblast Ihor Baluta had decreed that the monument should be removed. In this court case, the Kharkiv city council attempted to declare this decree by Baluta to have been illegal.In November 2015, Kharkiv Mayor Hennadiy Kernes officially admitted that because of Ukrainian decommunization laws, the statue of Lenin could not be rebuilt. According to him, it was planned for architects, artists, and the city council to decide how to give Freedom Square a "European appearance" in the near future. Radio Free Europe reported that Kernes would be pushing for the building of a "modern fountain", similar to one that used to be located at the same spot as the toppled Lenin statue.The pedestal and foundation of the statue were dismantled and removed in April 2016. In August 2016, pavers were laid on the site where the statue of Lenin stood. On 8 August 2016, the First Deputy Mayor of Kharkiv, Ihor Terekhov, stated that "Nothing will be built in place of a Lenin monument, signifying the square's return to its original image."

			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

 Replacement fountain 
After an open competition, it was decided on 3 February 2017 that Freedom Square would get a new 86 m tall monument. At its top, there was planned to be an angel with an Orthodox cross watching over four figures who somehow resonate with the history of Slobozhanshchina (Anacharsis, Igor Svyatoslavich, Semen Hulak-Artemovsky, and Mykhailo Petrenko). After the monument had been approved, residents in Kharkiv expressed opposition to the competition. According to them, the designed sculpture didn't fit in the context of the square, obliterating the symbolic value of the space. A petition demanding to cancel the decision on installing the column was registered on the official website of the Kharkiv City Council and more than 5000 people voted, establishing the minimum number for the Kharkiv City Council to give an official answer to the request. This petition was supported by Docomomo International.The 86 m high monument was never built and on 17 April 2020, at a session of the Kharkiv city council, Kharkiv Mayor Kernes announced that a new fountain would appear at the former site of the statue. This fountain was opened as the largest fountain in Ukraine, with a diameter of 36 meters, on 23 August 2020, Kharkiv's City Day. However, it is situated at the opposite end of Freedom Square, at a more central location.

 See also 
Demolition of monuments to Vladimir Lenin in Ukraine
List of statues of Vladimir Lenin
2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine#Kharkiv Oblast

 References 

Ben Redshaw
Ben Redshaw (born 10 January 2005) is an English rugby union player who plays for Newcastle Falcons in the Premiership.

 Club career 
Born in Leeds, he began his career at local side West Park Leeds RUFC before joining the Newcastle Falcons Academy at 14. He joined the senior Academy in 2023 after completing his studies at Sedbergh School, where he also played rugby, signing a two-year contract. He made his debut for Newcastle coming off the bench against Bedford Blues on the 15 September 2023, before making his first start a week later in a win over Sale Sharks in the Premiership Rugby Cup. His first league start coming in the first round of the 2023/24 Premiership in a loss against Bath.He has also represented Tyndale RFC, debuting off the bench against Otley RUFC.

 International career 
Redshaw played for England under-18s through two Six Nations campaigns and a tour to South Africa, captaining the side on numerous occasions. Before being called up to play for England under-19s featuring in a narrow loss against Italy. During the 2023 Rugby World Cup, Redshaw went to France to spend a week training with the England senior squad.He made his debut for England under-20s playing in a warm up match against Bath Academy ahead of the 2024 Six Nations.

 References 

List of Killing Eve episodes
Killing Eve is a spy thriller television series that premiered on BBC America in the United States on 8 April 2018. The series is based on the Villanelle novel series by Luke Jennings, and follows Eve Polastri (Sandra Oh), a British intelligence investigator tasked with capturing psychopathic assassin Villanelle (Jodie Comer); as the chase progresses, the two develop a mutual obsession.
In January 2020, it was renewed for a fourth and final season, which premiered on 27 February 2022.

 Series overview 

 Episodes 

 Series 1 (2018) 

 Series 2 (2019) 

 Series 3 (2020) 

 Series 4 (2022) 

 Ratings 

 Series 1 

 Series 2 

 Series 3 

 Series 4 

 Notes 

 References 

 External links 
Killing Eve at BBC America
Killing Eve at IMDb

Liliana Leszner
Liliana Leszner (also Leszner-Bakalarz; born 9 February 1965) is a Polish chess Woman International Master (WIM) (1987).

 Biography 
Liliana Leszner won the first of four medals in the Polish Youth Chess Championships in 1981 in Pilzno, taking 3rd place in the girls U17 age group. She won the other three medals in the girls U20 age group: two gold (Katowice 1983 and Wrocław 1985) and bronze (Poznań 1984). In 1984, she took second place in the junior chess tournament in Grudziądz. A year later, Liliana Leszner played in Zakopane in the match between Poland and Romania, achieving the best result in the Polish team (4½ points in 5 games). In 1986 she took 4th place in the international chess tournament in Děčín. From 1986 to 1995 Liliana Leszner seven times participated in Polish Women's Chess Championship finals, winning three medals: silver (Gdańsk 1994) and two bronze (Wrocław 1987 and Lublin 1993). In 1995, she represented Poland at the Women's World Chess Championship Zonal tournament in Nadole.
Liliana Leszner won the Polish Blitz Chess Championship twice: in 1987 (in Bydgoszcz) and 1990 (in Gdynia).
Liliana Leszner achieved the highest rating in her career so far on July 1, 1994, with a score of 2220 points, she was shared 7th - 8th place among Polish female chess players.

 References 

 External links 
Liliana Leszner rating card at FIDE
Liliana Leszner player profile and games at Chessgames.com
Liliana Leszner chess games at 365Chess.com
Liliana Leszner - Szachy w Polsce

Tin Jedvaj
Tin Jedvaj (Croatian pronunciation: [tîːn jêdʋaːj]; born 28 November 1995) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Greek Super League club Panathinaikos, on loan from Russian side Lokomotiv Moscow. He was a part of the Croatia national team's squad which ended runners-up to France in 2018 FIFA World Cup. He is mostly deployed as a centre back and occasionally as a right back.

 Club career 

 Dinamo Zagreb 
Jedvaj started his professional career in 2013 with Dinamo Zagreb, coming through Dinamo's youth academy. He made his debut in a match against Osijek, playing in central defence alongside Josip Šimunić. He scored his debut goal against Cibalia.During his first professional season with the club, he won the Croatian Prva HNL trophy. At the beginning of the new season, he won another trophy with the club when Dinamo defeated Hajduk Split in the Croatian Supercup. During his time with Dinamo, Jedvaj made total of 14 official appearances for the club.

 Roma 
At the end of his first professional season, Jedvaj was targeted and approached by Italian club Roma, although the initial offer was rejected by the Dinamo board. On 10 July 2013, however, it was confirmed that Jedvaj had signed a contract with the Roman club. Jedvaj made his Roma debut on 1 December 2013, coming on as an 83rd-minute substitute in a 4–0 Serie A victory over Genoa. He made his starting debut for the club against the same opposition in the last round of the Serie A season, with Genoa winning the clash 1–0 at the Stadio Luigi Ferraris. Those were Jedvaj's only two appearances for the season, appearing on the bench 33 times for Roma in the 2013–14 season.

 Bayer Leverkusen 
On 11 June 2014, Bayer Leverkusen announced that they had reached an agreement with all parties for a loan agreement with Roma and Jedvaj, allowing Jedvaj to join Bayer on loan until the end of the 2015–16 season.
Jedvaj's debut with the Germans – where he contributed significantly while playing all 90 minutes in the first official match of the season – helped the team to a 6–0 victory against Alemannia Waldalgesheim in the first round of the 2014–15 DFB-Pokal. Just a few days later, on 19 August, Jedvaj made his debut with the Germans in the UEFA Champions League, replacing teammate Giulio Donati in the 46th minute in Bayer's 3–2 away victory in Denmark over Copenhagen in the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League play-off round. Jedvaj played the second half well, helping his team to secure an eventual victory. He did, however, receive a yellow card in the 51st minute of the match. Jedvaj also played in the return match against Copenhagen in the Germans' 4–0 victory, allowing Bayer qualification to the Champions League group stage. Jedvaj played all 90 minutes of the match, even earning a penalty on the half-hour mark of which striker Stefan Kießling converted in an eventual 3–0 victory.Jedvaj subsequently made his debut in the Bundesliga on 23 August, a 2–0 victory over Borussia Dortmund in the first match of the campaign. He scored his first goal with Bayer early on in the second game of the season, a 4–2 home win against Hertha BSC. Jedvaj scored in the 50th minute, tying the game 1–1 before Bayer eventually went on to win. Jedvaj continued his fine form at Leverkusen by scoring a powerful curving goal against Werder Bremen to give his side a 1–0 lead. He later assisted Son Heung-min for the goal that would tie the game for a final result of 3–3.On 20 January 2015, Bayer Leverkusen confirmed that they had signed Jedvaj from Roma on a permanent deal and signed a contract with the Croatian defender until 2020. However, Jedvaj was only able to make one appearance in the first half of the 2015–16 season. This was due to a thigh injury that recurred three times. His only appearance came against Hamburger SV in October, where he came on as a substitute. On 29 October 2016, he scored the winning goal in a 2–1 victory against VfL Wolfsburg.On 20 August 2019, Jedvaj was loaned out to FC Augsburg until the end of 2019–20 season. On 17 December, he scored the second goal in a 3–0 victory over Fortuna Düsseldorf. On 16 May 2020, he scored the only goal in a 2–1 defeat to VfL Wolfsburg. Upon return to Leverkusen in summer 2020, Jedvaj was completely sidelined by coach Peter Bosz, playing only in the Europa League.

 Lokomotiv Moscow 
On 24 July 2021, Jedvaj signed a four-year-long deal with Russian Premier League club Lokomotiv Moscow. He was brought in to replace his compatriot Vedran Ćorluka, who retired from football two months earlier. He made his debut on 6 August as a 46th-minute substitute in the 1–1 league draw with Ufa. He scored his first goal for Lokomotiv on 25 October in a 2–1 victory over Sochi.

 Loan to Al Ain 
On 20 December 2022, Jedvaj moved on loan to Al Ain in the United Arab Emirates until 30 June 2023, with an option to buy.

 Loan to Panathinaikos 
On 14 July 2023, Lokomotiv announced that Jedvaj would move on a new season-long loan to Panathinaikos in Greece.

 International career 
Jedvaj has represented Croatia at various youth levels. He made his senior debut at age 18, playing the final 13 minutes in a friendly match against Cyprus on 4 September 2014 at Stadion Aldo Drosina in Pula. On 31 May 2016, he was confirmed to be a part of the Croatia squad for UEFA Euro 2016. He was selected to start a match against Spain, which Croatia won 2–1.In May 2018, he was named in Croatia's preliminary 32-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. He featured once during the tournament, playing the whole ninety minutes of a 2–1 victory over Iceland. Croatia finished the tournament as runners-up to France. On 16 November 2018, he scored two goals in a UEFA Nations League group match against Spain, including the winner in a 3–2 victory.During Euro 2020 qualifying, Jedvaj played regularly, replacing injured right back Šime Vrsaljko and appearing in five out of eight games. However, ahead of Nations League matches against Sweden and Portugal, Jedvaj was dropped from the national team.

 Personal life 
Jedvaj's father Zdenko is a former footballer. During the Bosnian War, his family left Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and moved to the Croatian capital of Zagreb. In June 2022, Jedvaj married his long-time girlfriend Dina Dragija in Varaždin.In May 2020, Jedvaj appeared in the music video for the song "Poziv" (Call) by Serbian rapper Cvija.

 Career statistics 

 Club 
As of match played 4 February 2024

 International 
As of match played on 7 October 2020As of match played on 7 October 2020
Scores and results list Croatia's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Jedvaj goal

 Honours 
Dinamo Zagreb
Prva HNL: 2012–13
Croatian Supercup: 2013Croatia

FIFA World Cup runner-up: 2018Individual

Croatian Football Hope of the Year: 2014Orders

Order of Duke Branimir: 2018

 References 

 External links 

Tin Jedvaj at National-Football-Teams.com 
Tin Jedvaj at the Croatian Football Federation

Lucrezia Marinella
Lucrezia Marinella (1571-1653) was an Italian poet, author, philosopher, polemicist, and women's rights advocate. She is best known for her polemical treatise The Nobility and Excellence of Women and the Defects and Vices of Men (1600). Her works have been noted for bringing women into the philosophical and scientific community during the late Renaissance.

 Life 
Lucrezia Marinella was the daughter of a celebrated physician and natural philosopher, Giovanni Marinelli who wrote novels, some of which were on women’s well-being, hygiene and beauty. Although her father was not from Venice, Lucrezia and her family were "cittadinaza." Her brother, Curzo Marinella, was also a physician and Lucrezia married the physician Girolamo Vacca. None of her children seem to have been born in Venice. Her father might have been the vital link between her private studies and the writing and the wider world of Venetian literary circles, including the Accademia de’ Desiosi.Marinella also had a close relationship with Giovanni Nicoló Doglioni who was one of the founders of the Venetian academy. She was supported by her peers and influential in the formation of the 'new' Venetian academy because of her powerful writing style and insight into women's rights. Marinella helped other female writers to continue publishing their writings, which was very rare for women in this period because of countless restrictions. Female writers began to dispute claims made by other male writers, like Giuseppe Passi, that showcased their intelligence and rhetorical writing skills. Unlike other academies, women were allowed to criticize and negate prejudice about female inferiority, but also had institutional support from some male professors and fellow peers.In this era, many women entered convents or became courtesans (like the famous Veronica Franco). Entering a convent meant that a woman was not obligated to be married and could pursue education and spiritual development. But, at the same time the Roman Catholic Church maintained rigid theories of gender and expectations of women’s place and nature. However, Lucrezia Marinella did not enter the convent and wasn't pressured into marriage. She came from a professional family that very much encouraged her studies, and her father was extremely supportive. Although, Marinella received support from her peers to delay marriage and further her education she still had many barriers preventing her from writing. She lived during the Counter-Reformation which was one of the most difficult periods in Italian history. Italy was under Spanish domination which led the Catholic church to dominate political liberty and impose new restrictions. These scrupulous religious, economic, social, and literary changes were put into effect when Marinella began her writing career. These restrictions limited her writing, but she was encouraged to persevere from emerging ideas from Christian Neoplatonists. They believed for a perfect human mind, people must diverge from known gender differences to become a unisex being.
Although Lucrezia’s writing brought her fame, she lived her life in seclusion. It is believed that Lucrezia's solitary life is what allowed her to write so much so soon. But a life of seclusion was typical for women of her social rank in sixteenth-century Italy.  She did not travel, except to local shrines, there is no evidence she gathered with other authors for discussions, and there is no record of her even attending meetings held in academies outside.

 Women in the Late Middle Ages and Early Renaissance 
Women’s rights and the equality of women were a major focus of Marinella's writings. In the late Middle Ages and early Renaissance era in Italy, women were largely wives and mothers. Many women who wanted to pursue knowledge either had to be of elite standing, enter convents, or become courtesans. Women were normally not a part of political conversations and had to be extraordinary to be fully recognized in literature. Marinella talks in her writings about the tradition of female inequality that has persisted throughout Western culture and is rooted in Hebrew, Greek, Roman, and Christian ideals.Although Marinella was one of the best recognized female writers of the time, which included Moderata Fonte, Arcangela Tarabotti and Veronica Franco. Marinella’s works mostly dealt with women’s rights and she even asserted that women were superior to men, which was a popular argument in that time for polemical and philosophical works. She does so through her work, La nobiltà et l'eccellenza delle donne co' diffetti et mancamenti de gli uomini. In response to anti-feminist writings by Passi, she notes that she is unimpressed with the thinking of men. Her writings often pursue root causes of anti-feminist thoughts.
In La nobiltà et l'eccellenza delle donne co' diffetti et mancamenti de gli uomini, she notes the root of anti-feminist thoughts potentially being attributed to the influence of Aristotle. She refuses to accept the idea of an imperfect woman, as suggested by Aristotelians. Marinella argued with their belief that women's cold humoral temperaments are inherently different, making them inferior to men. She does, however, use Aristotle's statements for support in her other arguments.Marinella also wrote in the style of pastoral romance, as in Arcadia Felice. This genre was traditionally limited to male authors and featured male characters;  however Arcadia Felice explores love and eroticism as a plot complication instead of a resolution.The court of Ferrara encouraged writers to experiment with the pastoral form. Marinella embraced pastoral writings because it permitted her to describe a society that redefines the relationships between men and women. Pastoral writings among male writers still reinforced patriarchal values and contributed to detrimental beliefs about how women should contribute to society. Conversely, this literature style allowed female authors to experiment and expand female autonomy and power in social systems. Female writers saw writing as a form of self-expression which was discouraged in many elements of their own lives. Pastoral forms provided the perfect sanctuary for Marinella to encode details of her personal life into her writings, like in Arcadia Felice.

 Works 
Her work was not without controversy. She frequently wrote in response to polemics against women; La nobilita, et l’eccellenza delle donne was a defense of educated women who had the right to their opinion.Marinella was a polished writer in many genres. Her work ranged from philosophical commentaries on poetry to religious works, and drew heavily on a wide variety of sources including scientific and mythological works.  In her lifetime, Marinella published 10 books; there were sometimes as much as 10 years of silence between her works, notably after her marriage to Girolamo Vacca between 1606-1617. Her first polemic, The Nobility and Excellence of Women and the Defects and Vices of Men, saw light in 1600, and was composed quickly in response to Giuseppe Passi’s diatribe about women’s defects, “Dei donneschi difetti.” He outlines what he deems to be flaws of women including vanity, greed, and sexual excess. Marinella's articulated response to Passi's misogynistic claims propelled other people to show their disdain with his writing. Overwhelmed with feedback, Passi eventually stated that he believes he was misinterpreted and gradually moves away from spreading his extremist views about women.Marinella took the first part of her own title from the Italian translation of a supposedly anonymous French tract, "Della nobilita et eccellenza delle donne," printed in Venice in 1549. The book was largely a long polemic of attacks against women and their defense. It also mounted an attack on men for exactly the same vices Passi had accused women of. The structure of her text follows that of Passi's, as she pits quotations and examples against each other. Many note that this was her most provocative writing and was likely set-off by Passi's demeaning of female learning and opinions. Marinella was the first woman in Italy to argue with a man in print, and it was the only time she wrote explicitly about the misogyny of Passi. Her vibrant responses to misogyny are the reason she is still recognized as one of the great examples of female erudition. It is thought that La nobilita, et l’eccellenza delle donne was published so quickly due to the connections Marinella had with the Venetian Academy.In her work Enrico, Marinella selected a topic that was both religious and political, and that also built on her previous works. She highlighted the fact that women were excluded from the political discussion in this time. In the work, she expresses a patriotic pride in Venice and singles out a Venetian version of the events of the Fourth Crusade, about which no contemporary Venetian documents evidently existed. This point in the history of Venice reminds the reader of Venice’s destiny and import. In Enrico, Marinella chose to write in one of the highest literary genres of her time, that was for cultural reasons out of favor in Venice. Marinella’s warrior women in Enrico wear masculine armor with grace and dignity; they were written as respectable in deed and thought, and as chaste virgins (Querelle des femmes). Arcadia Felice also echoes the idea that love is restricting to women and detrimental to their liberty and creativity.
Marinella's work, Vita di Maria Vergine, written in 1602 is well known for recounting the life of the Virgin Mary. It is written in verse and prose. The sources for this work are often what sets it apart. Marinella used a combination of Gospel accounts and other gospels such as Pseudo-Matthew and the Protoevangelium of James, which are to be noted as apocryphal. However, Lucrezia Marinella has been accused of plagiarizing parts of this text. Scholar, Eleonora Carinci, noted that her work mirrored that of Pietro Aretino's.Many Catholic females in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries dedicated writings to the Virgin Mary. Marinella wrote one of the longest and articulated works on the Virgin Mary. She details the miracles Mary experienced and the power that can surround female propriety and interests. The importance Marinella, and other women, allocate on Mary as a positive role model was influential in redistributing purpose back to women and their abilities.
In another one of Lucrezia's notable works Amoro Innamorato et Impazzato: "In Exhortations", however, Marinella seems to recant completely, praising the complete domestication of women and suggesting in the strongest of terms that they avoid scholarly pursuits. According to her arguments, women ought to remain firmly in what I will anachronistically call the private sphere, leaving the world of politics and philosophy for men. Like many of her contemporaries, she uses the ideas of classic authors to make her arguments...She argues in favor of sequestration for women, places the greatest value on the skills women use while managing a home and raising children, and locates all female virtue in the domestic arts." ' She also lamented the state of women in literature and urged women to avoid a literary career in her final work, Essortationi alle donne. On seclusion, Lucrezia wrote: "I also stated this in my book entitled
The Nobility and Excellence of Women, but now considering the issue in a more mature fashion, I am of the view that it is not the result of conscious manipulation nor the action of an angry soul, but the will and providence of nature and God." Despite her efforts and strong beliefs, her later writings seemed more affected by societal pressures and she seemed less convinced that women would ever fully be accepted as equals to men. In Essortationi alle donne, she warns women about pursuing professional careers out of their home because of how the system continuously oppresses the success of women.Marinella's famous Nobility and Excellence of Women, introduced many protofeminist arguments still studied today. Her belief that the study of science was at the core of the debate surrounding women was made clear in this work. She outlines the need for equal education opportunity in both literature and sciences for women. In response to claims there were no educated women in arts and sciences, Marinella proceeds to list various intellectual achievements of women over several centuries, drawing from models such as Famous Women by Boccaccio.The Nobility and Excellence of Women, uses these past examples to construct a new definition of womanhood. This work can be viewed as not only as a women's rights argument, but also a look into women's potential in the scientific and intellectual realm. The Nobility and Excellence of Women is often compared to Moderata Fonte's The Worth of Women in academic circles.

 List of works 
---Marinella, L., 1595, La Colomba sacra, Poema eroico. Venice.
–––, 1597, Vita del serafico et glorioso San Francesco. Descritto in ottava rima. Ove si spiegano le attioni, le astinenze e i miracoli di esso, Venice.
–––, 1598, Amore innamorato ed impazzato, Venice.
–––, 1601a, La nobiltà et l'eccellenza delle donne co' diffetti et mancamenti de gli uomini. Discorso di Lucrezia Marinella in due parti diviso, G , Venice.
–––, 1601b, The Nobility and Excellence of Women, and the Defects and Vices of Men, Dunhill, A. (ed. and trans.), Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1999.
–––, 1602, La vita di Maria vergine imperatrice dell'universo. Descritta in prosa e in ottava rima, Venice.
–––, 1603, Rime sacre, Venice.
–––, 1605, L'Arcadia felice, Venice.
–––, 1605a, L'Arcadia felice, F. Lavocat (ed.), Florence: Accademia toscana di scienze e lettere, ‘La Colombaria’ 162, 1998.
–––, 1605b, Vita del serafico, et glorioso San Francesco. Descritto in ottava rima, Venice.
–––, 1606, Vita di Santa Giustina in ottava rima, Florence.
–––, 1617, La imperatrice dell'universo. Poema heroico, Venice.
–––, 1617a, La vita di Maria Vergine imperatrice dell'universo, Venice.
–––, 1617b, Vite de' dodeci heroi di Christo, et de' Quatro Evangelisti, Venice.
–––, 1624, De' gesti heroici e della vita meravigliosa della serafica Santa Caterina da Siena, Venice.
–––, 1635, L'Enrico ovvero Bisanzio acquistato. Poema heroico, Venice.
–––, 1645a, Essortationi alle donne et a gli altri se a loro saranno a grado di Lucretia Marinella. Parte Prima, Venice.
–––, 1645b, Exhortations to Women and to Others if They Please, L. Benedetti (ed. and trans.), Toronto: Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies, 2012.

 Personal life and influence 
Francesco Agostino della Chiesa described her as " a woman of wondrous eloquence and learning" and asserted "it would be impossible to surpass her."
Cristofero Bronzino, pronounced her exceptional in writing prose and poetry, most accomplished in sacred compositions, and a supreme expert in moral and natural philosophy." 
Arcangela Tarabotti was also said to be one of her biggest admirers, but towards the end of her life Lucrezia was said to have "attacked" her. Her father's work as a physician influenced and spurred her curiosity about science. Marinella dedicated The Nobility and Excellence of Women to another doctor and friend of her father Lucio Scarano who took a particular interest in her literary formation. At one point, he called her "The adornment of our century" and compared her to Greek poet Corinna.
Marinella dedicated her poem Amoro Innamorato et Impazzato to a female reader: the dutchess of Mantua, Catherine de' Medici, Governor of Siena.

 Death 
Marinella died of quartan fever, a form of malaria, in the Campiello dei Squillini in Venice on 9 October 1653. She was buried in the nearby parish church of S. Pantaleone.

 References 

 Sources 
Westwater, Lynn Lara. "The disquieting voice: Women's writing and antifeminism in seventeenth-century Venice (Italy, Lucrezia Marinella, Sara Copio Sullam, Arcangela Tarabotti)." Dissertation Abstracts International. Section A: Humanities And Social Sciences 64, no. 10 (2003): 3705. Women's Studies International, EBSCOhost
Putnam, Christie-Anne, and Anna Riehl. "Lucrezia Marinella and the "Querelle des Femmes" in Seventeenth-Century Italy." Sixteenth Century Journal 41, no. 4 (Winter 2010 20010): 1200-1201. Academic Search Complete, EBSCOhost
Byars, Jana. "Byars on Marinella." H-Net Reviews In The Humanities & Social Sciences (December 2012): 1-2. Academic Search Complete, EBSCOhost
Payne, Lynda Stephenson. "The Nobility and Excellence of Women and the Defects and Vices of Men (Book)." ISIS: Journal of the History of Science in Society 92, no. 4 (December 2001): 779.Academic Search Complete, EBSCOhost
Marinella, Lucrezia, and Anne Dunhill. 1999. The nobility and excellence of women, and the defects and vices of men. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
Lucrezia Marinella. De’ gesti eroici e della vita maravigliosa della Serafica S. Caterina da Siena De’ gesti eroici e della vita maravigliosa della Serafica S. Caterina da Siena by Lucrezia Marinella Review by: Stephen Kolsky
Deslauriers, Marguerite, "Lucrezia Marinella", The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy (Winter 2012 Edition), Edward N. Zalta (ed.), [1].

 Further reading 
Luca Piantoni, Mirabile cristiano ed eloquenza sacra in Lucrezia Marinelli, in Poesia e retorica del Sacro tra Cinque e Seicento, a cura di Elisabetta Selmi, Erminia Ardissino, Alessandria, Edizioni Dell'Orso, 2009, pp. 435–445.

 External links 
Lucrezia Marinella: gynocentrism in 1600
Zaja, Paolo (2008). "MARINELLI, Lucrezia". Dizionario Biografico degli Italiani, Volume 70: Marcora–Marsilio (in Italian). Rome: Istituto dell'Enciclopedia Italiana. ISBN 978-8-81200032-6.
Lucrezia Marinella Vacca at The Literary Encyclopedia
(Images) http://www.projectcontinua.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/Lucrezia-Marinelli-183x300.jpg
Querelle | Lucrezia Marinella Querelle.ca is a website devoted to the works of authors contributing to the pro-woman side of the querelle des femmes.

Khemais Chammari
Khemais Chammari (7 November 1942 – 1 January 2024) was a Tunisian human rights activist, diplomat, and politician of the Movement of Socialist Democrats (MDS). He was sentenced to prison many times by the regime of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.

 Biography 
Born in Tunis on 7 November 1942, Chammari earned a degree in economic sciences and sociology. In 1963, he began campaigning for peace and human rights after a conference in Florence on dialogue between Jews and Muslims. From there, he decided to fight against the Tunisian dictatorship, becoming Secretary-General of the Tunisian Human Rights League, then as vice-president from 1982 to 1994. He also served as vice-president of the International Federation for Human Rights from 1982 to 1992.Chammari was a member of the political movement Perspectives tunisiennes and the MDS party. In 1984, he publicly voiced his opposition to the death penalty. During his political activism, he was arrested five times between 1966 and 1987. In 1994, he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies with the MDS and joined the parliamentary opposition. However, the Chamber of Deputies voted to strip his parliamentary immunity on 21 November 1995 and he was arrested on 10 May 1996. On 17 July 1996, he was officially removed from his position and sentenced to five years in prison. While imprisoned, he was deprived of medical care and outside information. Subject to strong international pressure, he was released from prison on 30 December 1996 on the grounds of his deteriorating health.After his release, Chammari went into exile before returning to Tunisia in 2004. During this time, he served on the board of directors of EuroMed Rights. In February 2005, he was due to attend a conference of Arab leaders in Algiers, but was expelled from Algerian territory due to alleged links between himself and Algerian Islamist terrorists. On 18 October of that year, he brought together leaders of different Tunisian political parties to create a united opposition to Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, mainly comprising Islamist groups. He then organized a hunger strike which lasted 32 days. However, this move led to greater international visibility for Islamist leader Rached Ghannouchi and his temporary closeness with Ben Ali. In December 2007, he proposed texts on gender equality and freedom of conscience.In 2011, after the Tunisian Revolution, Chammari was named Ambassador of Tunisia to UNESCO, a position he held for two years. In 2014, he desired to become president of the Truth and Dignity Commission, but instead rallied for the campaign of Sihem Bensedrine.Khemais Chammari died on 1 January 2024, at the age of 81.

 Distinctions 
Prix des Droits de l'homme de la République française (1990)
Nuremberg Human Rights Award (1997)
National Order of Merit (2018)

 References 

Joanna Linkiewicz
Joanna Linkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: [jɔˈanna linˈkjɛvit͡ʂ]; born 2 May 1990) is a Polish athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles. She placed 8th at the 2014 European Championships to take a silver medal at the competition two years later.
Linkiewicz won a bronze medal in the 4×400 m relays at the 2015 European Indoor Championships, and a silver running in the heats at the 2018 World Indoor Championships. She took 400 m hurdles gold at the 2015 Universiade adding second gold in 4×400 m relay, and won a silver medal in her individual event at the 2017 Universiade.

 Competition record 

 Personal bests 
Outdoor

400 metres – 47.59 (Paris 2023)
400 metres hurdles – 54.93 (Tokyo 2021)Indoor

400 metres – 53.41 (Toruń 2018)

 References 

 External links 
Joanna Linkiewicz at World Athletics
Joanna Linkiewicz at European Athletics
Joanna Linkiewicz at the Polski Związek Lekkiej Atletyki (in Polish)
Joanna Linkiewicz at Olympedia 
Joanna Linkiewicz at Olympics.com
Joanna Linkiewicz at the Polski Komitet Olimpijski (archive) (in Polish)

Sirens of the Ditch
Sirens of the Ditch is the debut solo album released by singer-songwriter and former Drive-By Truckers lead guitarist, Jason Isbell. The album was released on July 10, 2007.
After leaving Drive-By Truckers amicably in 2007, Isbell released Sirens of the Ditch on New West Records. Sirens of the Ditch was recorded at FAME Studios, where among the musicians helping to record the album was Patterson Hood of Drive by Truckers and Spooner Oldham, famous for his work with Aretha Franklin and Neil Young. According to Washington Post writer Catherine Lewis, Sirens of the Ditch has "a more bluesy pop sound" than Isbell's work with Drive-By Truckers. The first single from the album, "Brand New Kind of Actress," deals with the death of Lana Clarkson in Phil Spector's mansion. Another single, "Dress Blues," concerns the death of Corporal Matthew Conley, a US Marine from Isbell's hometown who was killed in the Iraq War.  "Dress Blues" was also recorded by the Zac Brown Band (featuring Jewel), on their April 2015 release, Jekyll + Hyde.
The album was re-released on July 13, 2018. Titled Sirens of the Ditch: Deluxe Edition, the album features four previously unreleased songs.

 Track listing 

 Personnel 
David Barbe – keyboards
Mike Dillon – drums
David Hood – bass guitar
Patterson Hood – acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Jason Isbell – banjo, bass guitar, dobro, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, Hammond organ, piano, lead vocals, background vocals, Wurlitzer
Clay Leverett – background vocals
Brad Morgan – drums
John Neff – pedal steel guitar
Spooner Oldham – Hammond organ
Shonna Tucker – bass guitar, background vocals

 References 

Statue of Lenin in Berdychiv
The Statue of Lenin in Berdychiv (in Ukrainian: Пам'ятник Леніну В. І.) was a sculpture monument to the revolutionary Vladimir Lenin, located in Berdychiv, Ukraine.
The monument, a work by M. Vasylchenko, P. Biryukov and P. Perevoznyk, was made of granite with a total height of 8.7 metres (29 ft) (sculpture 4.0 m, pedestal 4.7 m). The monument ID is 18-104-0031.
It was toppled and destroyed during the Euromaidan on February 22, 2014.

 See also 
Demolition of monuments to Vladimir Lenin in Ukraine
List of statues of Vladimir Lenin

 References 

 External links 
 Media related to Category:Monument to Lenin in Berdychiv at Wikimedia Commons

Parker Posey
Parker Christian Posey (born November 8, 1968) is an American actress.  She was labeled "Queen of the Indies" for starring in a succession of independent productions throughout the 1990s, such as Dazed and Confused (1993), Party Girl, The Doom Generation, Kicking and Screaming (all 1995), The Daytrippers (1996), The House of Yes, Clockwatchers (both 1997) and Henry Fool (1998). 
Although Posey began to appear in more mainstream titles starting in the late 1990s, she continues to work in art house features such as Fay Grim (2006), Columbus (2017), and Beau is Afraid (2023). Her more mainstream credits include You've Got Mail (1998), Scream 3 (2000), Josie and the Pussycats (2001), Superman Returns (2006), and Café Society (2016). She frequently works with Christopher Guest and has appeared in several of his mockumentaries, such as Waiting for Guffman (1996), Best in Show (2000), A Mighty Wind (2003), and For Your Consideration (2006).
Outside film, Posey played Dr. Smith on Netflix's Lost in Space (2018–2021) and appeared as Freda Black in the HBO Max miniseries The Staircase (2022). She is the recipient of a Golden Globe Award nomination, a Satellite Award nomination, and two Independent Spirit Award nominations.

 Early life 
Posey was born November 8, 1968, in Baltimore, Maryland, to Lynda (née Patton), a chef, and Chris Posey, owner of a car dealership. She has a twin brother, Christopher. After Posey's birth, her family lived in Monroe, Louisiana, for 11 years. They later moved to Laurel, Mississippi, where her mother worked as a chef and culinary instructor for the Viking Range Corporation in Greenwood and her father operated a car dealership. Posey was raised Catholic.

 Career 

 Acting 
Posey attended the State University of New York at Purchase, where she studied drama.Posey got her first break in television with the role of Tess Shelby on the daytime soap opera As the World Turns. Posey's first major role in a feature film was in Dazed and Confused (1993). The film received favorable reviews from critics and has been identified as a cult classic.In 1994, she appeared in Hal Hartley's short film Opera No. 1. Throughout the late 1990s, Posey co-starred in 32 independent films and was nicknamed "Queen of the Indies". These films include Personal Velocity, Basquiat, Clockwatchers, The Daytrippers, Party Girl and The House of Yes. In particular, she received positive reviews for The House of Yes, for her role as a delusional woman in love with her own brother. In an interview in January 2012, Parker said that the unofficial title has sometimes been a hindrance:

I'm trying to work in studio movies, but they won't hire me. I get feedback from my agent saying, "She's too much of an indie queen." And then on the other side, my name doesn't get the financing to do a movie over $1 million. And I'm called "the indie queen". So it's really a challenging path because I know so much about the indie side of the business. Because I grew up in it ... But it's different times. And this stuff gets projected onto me. People are like, "You're here [at the Sundance film festival] every year, you do so many indie movies." And I'm like, "No, I did Broken English five years ago."
She has co-starred in many of Christopher Guest's films, including five of his mock documentaries, the first being Waiting for Guffman in 1996. In 1998, Posey appeared in Hartley's film Henry Fool, and the big-budget studio film You've Got Mail.

In 2000, she starred in Guest's third mock documentary Best in Show and in the big-budget horror film Scream 3. Critical reaction to Posey's performance in the latter film was highly positive and earned her an MTV Movie Award nomination. The next year she starred in Josie and the Pussycats. From 2001 to 2002, she appeared in a supporting role in the popular NBC sitcom Will & Grace.
In 2003, she starred in Guest's A Mighty Wind. The next year she appeared in Sisters of Mercy, Laws of Attraction, and Blade: Trinity. Posey then co-starred in the 2005 film Adam & Steve.In 2006, Posey appeared in Superman Returns as Kitty Kowalski, Lex Luthor's ditzy sidekick, a character based on Eve Teschmacher from the 1978 film Superman. Posey was the only actress considered for the role. Superman Returns was a box-office success. The film was also successful at the 33rd Saturn Awards. Posey, a few fellow cast members, and the visual effects department were all nominated. Later the same year, she played the title character in Fay Grim, the sequel to Henry Fool, and appeared in For Your Consideration.
In 2007, Posey was cast in the lead role in the television series The Return of Jezebel James. The show was originally given a 13-episode order, but the show was cut to seven episodes in anticipation of a pending scriptwriters’ strike. It premiered on the Fox television network in 2008 as a mid-season replacement. However, the show was officially canceled after the third episode aired owing to low ratings.Posey starred in Zoe Cassavetes's 2007 film Broken English. Broken English screened at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. It was also entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival. The film was nominated at the 23rd Independent Spirit Awards for Best First Screenplay and Posey was nominated for Best Female Lead. She was set to co-star in John Waters' film Fruitcake. The film was to be set in her hometown of Baltimore, Maryland. However, in 2018, Waters announced that he had canceled Fruitcake, saying "I can't get it made... I thought it would do well, but it's not. In this economy, I'm going to have to do a puppet show."In 2012, Posey starred in four episodes of the third season of Louie as Liz, Louis C.K.'s love interest. She received positive reviews for her stint on the show. The website Vulture stated: "Posey is superb in a brilliantly written role." Lindsay Bahr of Entertainment Weekly said "Posey used her arsenal of talent and the material written and directed by C.K. to bring Liz to life". Andy Greenwald of GrantLand felt Posey was "funny, engaging, and breathless" and went on to call Posey "one of the most gifted actors alive". Later the same year, she was honored with the Excellence in Acting Award at the Provincetown International Film Festival.
Posey appeared in Ned Rifle, the third and final film in Hartley's Henry Fool trilogy, again reprising her role of Fay Grim. On November 6, 2013, Hartley launched a fundraising campaign through Kickstarter to produce the film, netting a total of $384,000. Posey, along with several other cast members as well as some crew members, appeared in several videos promoting the campaign. The film premiered on September 7, 2014, at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. It was also screened in the Panorama section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival on February 6, 2015.In July 2014, it was announced that Posey had signed on to co-star in Woody Allen's mystery drama Irrational Man. The film had its world premiere on May 16, 2015, at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival. In July 2015, Parker revealed that before being cast in the film, she had considered quitting acting, as she feared that she "saw the independent film movement go away from me... it's a world market now. They're made from real star power. Whoever's hot at the moment." When Allen cast her, she cried, as "the independent film way of working is something that was in my bones. It's like being a part of a punk band but no one's singing punk rock anymore. Only a few bands are able to play, and Woody Allen is one of them. That's why I cried. It was a relief."From 2018 to 2021, she appeared as Dr. Smith in Lost in Space, the Netflix remake of the 1965 TV series.In 2022 she starred in episode two of Tales of the Walking Dead, an anthology series based on the AMC series The Walking Dead.
As of 2024 Posey is set to star in the upcoming third season of Emmy award winning show The White Lotus, filming is set to take place in Thailand on February 2024

 Audio fiction 
In late 2019, Posey starred in an audio fiction podcast called Hunted wherein she plays the part of a U.S. Deputy Marshal tracking four escaped convicts from a federal maximum-security correctional facility. The eight-episode show is produced by Wolf Entertainment and Endeavor Audio.

 Stage and music 
Posey appeared on Broadway in 2000, playing in Elaine May's Taller Than a Dwarf, which was directed by Alan Arkin. She later appeared off Broadway in David Rabe's Hurlyburly in 2005, and then originated the role of Pony Jones in Will Eno's The Realistic Joneses in 2012.
She learned to play the mandolin to prepare for her role in A Mighty Wind (2003), a film in which she also sang. She provided vocals on several of her ex-boyfriend Ryan Adams' records. She also played the mandolin on The Dandy Warhols track "I Am Sound" from their Welcome to the Monkey House LP.

 Memoir 
You're on an Airplane: A Self-Mythologizing Memoir (2018, Blue Rider Press) is Posey's first book. Centered on the idea that the reader is sitting next to Posey on an airplane, the book mixes personal anecdotes from her career, random observations, stories about her life, and homemade photo collages. The book received critical acclaim. Vogue wrote "Excellent... a celebration of peculiarity." According to Elle magazine, the memoir is "a humour-packed, irreverent, eccentric book packed with personal stories, whimsical how-tos and recipes, as well as collages made by her." Esquire wrote "Posey is a natural storyteller; performing, in any way really, is mostly about sharing stories. And she's gathered some good ones for her memoir, which also perfectly encapsulates the delightful weirdo you assume she is just by watching her play different people on screen."

 Personal life 
Posey has lived in both Greenwich Village and the East Village in New York City.

 Filmography 

 Film 

 Television 

 Stage 

 Awards and nominations 
Won the Sundance Film Festival Award for Special Recognition for The House of Yes (1997)
Nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for The House of Yes (1997)
Nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Comedic Performance for Scream 3 (2000)
Nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film for Hell on Heels: The Battle of Mary Kay (2002)
Nominated for a Independent Spirit Award for Best Lead Female for Personal Velocity (2002)
2nd place for the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actress for Personal Velocity (2002)
Won the Florida Film Critics Circle Award for Best Cast for A Mighty Wind (2003)
Nominated for the Phoenix Film Critics Society Award for Best Cast for A Mighty Wind (2003)
Nominated for a Gotham Independent Film Award for Best Ensemble Cast for For Your Consideration (2006)
Nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress for Superman Returns (2006)
Nominated for a Independent Spirit Award for Best Lead Female for Broken English (2007)
Nominated for a Fright Meter Awards for Best Supporting Actress for The Eye (2008)
Nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress in Streaming Presentation for Lost in Space (2019)

 References 

 External links 

Parker Posey at IMDb
Parker Posey on Charlie Rose

Nancy Drew (2007 film)
Nancy Drew is a 2007 American mystery comedy film loosely based on the series of mystery novels about the titular teen detective of the same name by Edward Stratemeyer. It stars Emma Roberts as Nancy Drew, with Josh Flitter and Max Thieriot. Directed by Andrew Fleming, the film follows Nancy Drew (Roberts) as she moves to Los Angeles with her father Carson (Tate Donovan) on an extended business trip and stumbles across evidence of an unsolved mystery involving the death of a murdered movie star, prompting Nancy to solve the cold case. It was released in theaters on June 15, 2007, by Warner Bros. Pictures. Critical reactions were mixed, but the film grossed $30 million worldwide on a $20 million budget.

 Plot 
Nancy Drew, an amateur sleuth, and her widowed father, Carson Drew, move from their quaint hometown River Heights to California, where Carson has a temporary job. Carson encourages Nancy to focus on living like a normal teenager, instead of getting herself into trouble with crime- and mystery-solving. However, unbeknownst to Carson, Nancy chose their California house because of its famously unsolved mystery of the death of the movie star Dehlia Draycott. Nancy struggles to fit in at her new school, only befriending a younger boy, Corky. She wears 1950s outfits and penny loafers, becoming subject to teasing from Corky's older sister, Igna, and her best friend, Trish. After discovering many clues about the Draycott mystery, she begins secretly sleuthing behind her father's back. Nancy eventually finds Draycott's lost child, Jane Brighton, who turns out to be the sole beneficiary of Draycott's will, which has disappeared. Nancy contacts her father's business associate, Dashiel Biedermeyer, the lawyer for the Draycott estate, to assist her with the case.
Meanwhile, as an early birthday present, Ned Nickerson, Nancy's good friend with implied romantic interest, visits from River Heights. Corky becomes jealous of Nancy and Ned's close relationship and tries his best to get Nancy's attention. Nancy begins experiencing worsening attacks against her as she learns that someone does not want her to solve the case. One afternoon, a tearful Jane arrives on Nancy's doorstep and announces that her daughter has been taken away from her. While watching a Dehlia Draycott film, Nancy realizes that Draycott has hidden her will in a prop from one of her last movies. After retrieving the will, Nancy is kidnapped by the villain's henchmen. Nancy escapes with the will but gets into a car crash. Her father arrives and demands to know what is going on. After explaining her sleuthing, Biedermeyer offers them a ride home so he can finalize the legacy to Jane.
Nancy concludes that Biedermeyer was Dehlia Draycott's supposed love who stands to lose money if the will goes to Jane. However, when he questions Nancy about the will, she manages to jump out of the car. She is caught by Biedermeyer who threatens her; when Nancy asks him why he killed Dehlia, he replies that Dehlia went crazy after she put Jane up for adoption, and wanted to leave to be with her caretaker Leshing. Nancy escapes but is once again cornered. Leshing arrives and knocks the henchmen unconscious as Nancy reveals that she secretly recorded Biedermeyer's confession. While the police arrive to arrest Biedermeyer, Nancy reveals to Leshing that Jane is his daughter. The will is restored to Jane, who is able to get her daughter back and convert the Draycott mansion into a home for single mothers.
Back at River Heights, Nancy visits Ned as he repairs her car and they share a kiss. She receives a long-distance phone call regarding a new mystery in Scotland.

 Cast 

Several well-known actors make uncredited guest appearances in the film. Bruce Willis appears as himself, shooting a crime film in Los Angeles; Adam Goldberg plays Willis' director Andy; Chris Kattan plays one of the burglars Nancy catches in the opening sequence of the film; Lindsay Sloane plays a saleslady in a clothing boutique; Eddie Jemison appears as an adoption clerk; and Geraint Wyn Davies makes a brief appearance as a drama teacher. Ami and Yumi from Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi also makes a brief appearance as the show plays on the TV.

 Production 
The film was shot in Los Angeles from January 30, 2006, to April 3, 2006. At that time, Emma Roberts did not have her driver's license. Though she was in possession of a permit, by law she was unable to drive the roadster for the car chase scenes all by herself. The movie was filmed in several California cities, including South Pasadena, Los Angeles, Santa Clarita, Long Beach, La Canada Flintridge and Burbank.Before Roberts was cast, actress Amanda Bynes was considered to portray Nancy, but her schedule prevented her from taking the role. Skye Sweetnam also auditioned for the role.Nancy's car in the film is a blue Nash Metropolitan convertible.

 Home media 
Nancy Drew was released on DVD on March 11, 2008.

 United States TV rights 
U.S. cable networks, such as ABC Family and the Disney Channel, acquired the rights to the 2007 film version of Nancy Drew.

 Reception 

 Box office 
Opening at #7 in the U.S. box office, the film grossed $6,832,318 on its opening weekend and has since grossed $25,612,520 in the US and $5,054,410 internationally for a total of $30,666,930 worldwide.

 Critical response 
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 49% from 138 critics, with the site's consensuses reading, "Emma Roberts is bubbly and charming as Nancy Drew, the junior detective. But despite her best efforts, Nancy Drew still lacks excitement, surprise, and compelling secondary characters." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 53 out of 100, based on reviews from 31 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.Sheri Linden of The Hollywood Reporter wrote: "The culture-clash procedural, which brings the small-town teen to big bad Hollywood, feels more perfunctory than inspired."
Lael Loewenstein of Variety magazine, said the film "serves up stale mystery-movie cliches and overcooked red herrings in a thoroughly wooden adaptation" and "the cast is as stiff as the dialogue".Plugged In said that "the film has all of the oversimplifications of a teen mystery novel with a little—but not enough—humorous self-awareness tossed in to make the story satisfying for adults".

 Book adaptations 
A novelization of the movie was written by Daniela Burr the year of the film's release and published by Simon Spotlight. Plus, books in the Nancy Drew, Girl Detective and Nancy Drew Clue Crew series both had movie-themed books.

 Soundtrack 
"Come to California" (Matthew Sweet)
"Perfect Misfit" (Liz Phair)
"Kids in America" (The Donnas)
"Pretty Much Amazing" (Joanna)
"Looking for Clues" (Katie Melua)
"Hey Nancy Drew" (Price)
"Like a Star" (Corinne Bailey Rae)
"Nice Day" (Persephone's Bees)
"Blue Monday" (Flunk)
"We Came to Party" (J-Kwon)
"All I Need" (Cupid)
"Party Tonight" (Bizarre)
"When Did Your Heart Go Missing?" (Rooney)
"DARE" (Gorillaz featuring Shaun Ryder)

 Awards 

NominatedNickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards
2008 – Favorite Movie Star for Emma Roberts
2007 – Favorite Movie
Teen Choice Awards
2007 – Choice Movie Actress: Comedy for Emma Roberts
2007 – Choice Movie: Breakout Female for Emma Roberts
Young Artist Awards
2007 – Best Family Feature Film (Comedy or Drama)
2007 – Best Performance in a Feature Film – Leading Young Actress for Emma Roberts
2007 – Best Performance in a Feature Film – Young Ensemble Cast for Emma Roberts, Josh Flitter, Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker

 References 

 External links 
Official website
Nancy Drew at IMDb 
Nancy Drew at AllMovie

2024–25 ICC Men's T20 World Cup East Asia-Pacific Qualifier
The 2024–25 ICC Men's T20 World Cup East Asia-Pacific Qualifier is an upcoming cricket tournament that will form part of the qualification process for the 2026 ICC Men's T20 World Cup.
In this cycle, a total of eight teams from East Asia-Pacific region will be participating in the sub-regional phase. This phase will be divided into two events with four teams in each event, which will be take place between August and September 2024. Sub-regional Qualifier B will held in Samoa in August 2024. Sub-regional Qualifier A will be held in South Korea in September 2024.

 Teams 

 Qualifier A 

 Qualifier B 

 References 

Telecommunications in Turkmenistan
Turkmenistan has a state-controlled press and monitored communication systems. 
Turkmenistan's telecommunications services are considered to be the least developed of all the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) countries. Overall, the telecom market in this predominantly rural country is relatively small but has been trying boldly to expand in recent years. The state-owned Turkmen Telecom has been the primary provider of public telephone, email and internet services, and through a subsidiary has been operating a GSM mobile network in competition with a private mobile operator, BCTI (BCTI became MTS Turkmenistan in 2005).

 Satellite 
The launch of the first Turkmen communication satellite TurkmenSat 1 was launched in April 2015, the satellite has an anticipated service life of 15 years. The satellite was launched aboard SpaceX Falcon 9. The satellite is built by French Thales Alenia Space and is from the Spacebus 4000 family. The satellite will cover Europe and significant part of Asian countries and Africa and will have transmission for TV, radio broadcasting and the internet. The satellite's operations will be controlled by the state-run Turkmenistan National Space Agency (TNSA).

 Mobile 
BCTI was the only GSM operator in the country with a 10-year exclusive license granted in 1994. Due to lack of competition, BCTI continued to operate without investing much to cover rural areas. The expensive cost of the service has limited the number of subscribers to a very small percentage of the general population.
The Mobile phone sector started to improve rapidly after the expiration of company's exclusive license in 2004. The Russian mobile phone operator MTS acquired BCTI and state owned communication company TurkmenTelekom opened a new subsidiary, Altyn Asyr. The number of mobile phone subscribers has now reached over 4,440,000 (MTS - 1,440,000 and Altyn Asyr GSM 3,000,000). With a population of 5 million, this translates into 88.8% mobile penetration rate.
In November 2023 Altyn Asyr was the first in Turkmenistan to present an opportunity to switch over to eSIM.

 Internet service 

Turkmenistan gained access to the Internet in 1997 through a contract with MCI Communications (later became MCI WorldCom). A small number of independent Internet Service Providers were forced out of business in 2001 when TurkmenTelecom was granted a monopoly over data services. Dependence on expensive satellite channels limited the availability of Internet to only two thousand subscribers. To upgrade the Internet backbone, Ministry of Communication signed a contract with TATA Communications for routing traffic through Transit-Asia-Europe fiber optic channel. As a result of this development, TurkmenTelecom started offering an access to the higher speed Internet with ADSL to the consumers in Turkmenistan.In 2008, MTS started offering Internet service to mobile subscribers via GPRS. Altyn Asyr was first to launch 3G and 2 Mbit/s mobile internet service in March 2010. The move surprised mobile customers as the provider was known for inferior but cheaper service. In 2013 Altyn Asyr launched a 4G network based on LTE. In 2013, unlimited use of the internet became available, reducing the total cost of services from Turkmentelecom.In Turkmenistan, as of November 2023, 3,149,178 people are connected to the Internet. Of these, 421,609 are wired Internet users, and 2,727,569 are mobile users.
Country code (Top level domain): TM

 Censorship 
Individual access to the Internet was first authorised in 2008, and access has since increased.
Turkmenistan ranks among the most repressive and closed societies in the world. The Internet is heavily regulated and available only to a small fraction of the population. Censorship is ubiquitous and extensive. Surveillance is significant, and the few citizens who benefit from access to the Internet are closely monitored by state agencies. Self-censorship is common.Websites run by human rights organisations and news agencies are blocked.  Moreover, ordinary citizens have no access to the World Wide Web, and instead are limited to the use of the Turkmenet, an online community in Turkmen language, but effectively a censored version of the Internet. Social networks such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter are not accessible through the Turkmenet. Attempts to get around this censorship can lead to grave consequences. However, only Russian social networks Odnoklassniki and Mail Agent Chatting system are available. In addition to this, there is a newly founded (27 March 2012) local Turkmen social network, Gyzgyn, which is currently accessible.Internet censorship in Turkmenistan was classified as pervasive in the political area and as selective in the social, conflict/security and internet tools areas by the OpenNet Initiative in December 2010. Turkmenistan was listed as an internet enemy by Reporters Without Borders in 2011.

 Television 
An Analog TV signal feed of 5 national channels is receivable over-the-air in all living areas across the country. Foreign TV channels are watched with a digital satellite receiver. In some places of Ashgabat, cable service is available where satellite dishes are not allowed to be installed. DVB-T test transmissions have only taken place in the capital and there are no digital switch-over plans as yet.
List of broadcast stations:

Altyn Asyr (Golden Age) on channel R1 (49.75 MHz) in Aşgabat, R3 (77.25 MHz) in Türkmenabat and Daşoguz, R4 (85.25 MHz) in Uly Balkan Gerşi.
Ýaşlyk (Youth)
Miras (Inheritance) on channel R5 (93.25 MHz) in Aşgabat
Turkmenistan - News channel broadcast in 7 languages.
Türkmen Owazy - Turkmen Music channel, launched in 2009.
Aşgabat
Türkmenistan Sport - sports channel, launched in 2012.
Arkadag - launched in 2023.Previously, all 7 of the national channels were aired on the Yamal satellites for an international audience. Since 1 July 2016 all national channels in Turkmenistan are broadcast by the TürkmenÄlem 52°E national satellite that was launched on 27 April 2015.

 IPTV 
The IPTV developing fast as a cheap alternative to regular television. The IPTV  service is used by more than 100,000 subscribers in Ashgabat.

 Telephone 
Telephones - main lines in use:
500,000 (2006)
domestic:
500 automatic telephone stations and 500,000 telephone numbers.international:
linked by cable and microwave radio relay to other Commonwealth of Independent States republics and to other countries by leased connections to the Moscow international gateway switch; a new telephone link from Ashgabat to Iran has been established; a new exchange in Ashgabat switches international traffic through Turkey via Intelsat; satellite earth stations - 1 Orbita and 1 Intelsat

 Newspapers 
List of newspapers in Turkmenistan:

Turkmenskaya Iskra (Soviet-era)
Balkan newspaper, Turkmenistan (Balkanabat)
"Neutral Turkmenistan"

 Online 
Turkmenportal
InAshgabat
Biz barde social media

 TurkmenTel 
Starting from 2007 the Ministry of Communication has organised the international exhibition "TurkmenTel" each year. Leading companies from all around the world are invited to Ashgabat to exhibit their technologies.

 References 

 External links 
Ministry of Communication of Turkmenistan
MTS Turkmenistan Archived 2013-01-23 at the Wayback Machine
TurkmenTel 2008 Official website
Software & Telecommunications services Ashgabat
TurkmenTel 2007

Death and Other Details
Death and Other Details is an American mystery drama television series on Hulu created by Mike Weiss and Heidi Cole McAdams, and starring Mandy Patinkin. The series premiered on January 16, 2024.

 Premise 
Rufus Coteworth finds himself on a luxury cruise liner when a locked-room murder takes place.

 Cast 

 Main 
Violett Beane as Imogene Scott
Lauren Patten as Anna Collier, Imogene's wealthy and gay best friend since they were kids
Rahul Kohli as Sunil Bhandari, the owner of the cruise ship SS Varuna
Angela Zhou as Teddy Goh, the crew manager on the SS Varuna
Hugo Diego Garcia as Jules, the head of security on the SS Varuna
Linda Emond as Agent Hilde Eriksen
Mandy Patinkin as Rufus Cotesworth, a detective who used to be "the world's greatest detective"
Pardis Saremi as Leila, Anna's paranoid wife who is a former clickbait journalist

 Recurring 
David Marshall Grant as Lawrence Collier, the CEO of Collier Mills who is getting ready to retire, but has yet to declare his successor
Jere Burns as Llewellyn Mathers, the Colliers' lawyer
Michael Gladis as Keith Trubitsky  a.k.a. Danny Turner
Jack Cutmore-Scott as Tripp Collier
Tamberla Perry as Alexandra Hochenberg
Annie Q. Riegel as Winnie Goh, a crew member on the SS Varuna and Teddy's younger sister
Danny Johnson as Father Toby Briggs
Sincere Wilbert as That Derek
Karoline as Eleanor Chun, an heiress to a fashion empire and Anna's former fling in business school
Jayne Atkinson as Katherine Collier, Lawrence's wife
Lisa Lu as Celia Chun

 Guest starring 
Sophia Reid-Gantzert as Young Imogene
Sofia Rosinsky as Yeva
Christian Svensson as Andreas Windeler

 Episodes 

 Production 

 Development 
The series was ordered by Hulu in March 2022, then called Career Opportunities in Murder and Mayhem, with Mandy Patinkin attached in the lead role. It was written and executive produced by Mike Weiss and Heidi Cole McAdams, with the pair also serving as co-showrunners. Marc Webb directed the pilot and executive produced via Black Lamb.Weiss and McAdams, creators of the ten-episode series, describe themselves as huge fans of the work of Agatha Christie and "wanted to capture the atmosphere of those works and drag her style into our contemporary world." Mandy Patinkin's character is inspired by famous fictional detectives, including Hercule Poirot, Sam Spade, Sherlock Holmes, and Philip Marlowe. Among the production staff are production designer James Philpott and costume designer Mandi Line.

 Casting 
When the series was picked up in March 2022, it was reported that Patinkin would star alongside Violett Beane, Lauren Patten, Hugo Diego Garcia, Angela Zhou, Pardis Saremi, and Rahul Kohli. In August 2022, Annie Q. Riegel was added to the cast. In September 2022, Linda Emond, Jayne Atkinson, and David Marshall Grant were added to the cast. In November 2022, Christian Svensson joined the cast.

 Release 
Death and Other Details premiered on Hulu on January 16, 2024.

 Reception 

 Audience viewership 
According to the streaming aggregator JustWatch, Death and Other Details was the fifth most streamed television series in the United States from January 22 to January 28, 2024. According to Whip Media's TV Time, Death and Other Details was the fourth most streamed original television series across all platforms in the United States during the week of January 28, 2024.

 Critical response 
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 55% approval rating with an average rating of 6.2/10, based on 31 critic reviews. The website's critics consensus reads, "Death and Other Details has plenty of ideas to spice up the classic whodunnit, but its fatal flaw proves to be a lack of cohesiveness in the bigger picture." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 60 out of 100 based on 19 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

 References 

 External links 
Death and Other Details on Hulu 
Death and Other Details at IMDb

Cabinet of Indonesia
The Cabinet of the Republic of Indonesia (Indonesian: Kabinet Republik Indonesia) is part of the executive branch of the Indonesian government. It is composed of the most senior appointed officers of the executive branch of the government serving under the president. Members of the Cabinet (except for the vice president) serves at the president's pleasure, who can dismiss them at will for no cause.
Indonesia has seen dozens of cabinets since independence in 1945. Although after the New Order most cabinets remained unchanged for five years at a time. Most cabinets are referred to by the names given them at the time of formation. The current presidential cabinet is the Onward Indonesia Cabinet of Joko Widodo.

 History 
The concept of a cabinet is not mentioned explicitly in the 1945 Constitution, so Indonesia's cabinets since 14 November 1945 are the result of administrative convention. There have been two types of cabinet in Indonesian history; presidential and parliamentary. In presidential cabinets, the president is responsible for government policy as head of state and government, while in parliamentary cabinets, the cabinet carries out government policy, and is responsible to the legislature.During the War of Independence from 1945 to 1949, the cabinet changed from a presidential to a parliamentary system, despite this not being the system intended by those who drew up the Constitution; however, at several critical periods, it reverted to a presidential system. During this period, the cabinet had between 16 and 37 ministers with 12-15 ministries.On 27 December 1949, the Netherlands recognised the sovereignty of the United States of Indonesia (RIS). Under the Federal Constitution of 1949, the RIS had a parliamentary cabinet as ministers were responsible for government policy. With the return to the unitary state of Indonesia in August 1950, the parliamentary cabinet system remained due to an agreement between the governments of the RIS and the Republic of Indonesia (a constituent of the RIS). Article 83 of the Provisional Constitution of 1950 stated that ministers had full responsibility for government policy. Over the following nine years there were seven cabinets with between 18 and 25 members.On 5 July 1959, President Sukarno issued a decree abrogating the 1950 Constitution and returning to the 1945 Constitution. The cabinet was also dissolved. A new presidential cabinet was formed shortly after, but this new cabinet did not follow the 1945 Constitution either, as the office of prime minister still existed, along with deputy prime ministers. Moreover, the offices of Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Indonesia and Speaker of the People's Representative Council which were supposed to be equal to the president, and the office of Chairman of the People's Consultative Assembly, which was supposed to be above all government branches, were included into the Cabinet. During the final years of Sukarno's presidency, cabinets were larger, peaking at 111 ministers.
During the New Order under President Suharto, cabinets were smaller, and from 1968 until 1998 lasted for the five-year presidential term. Offices that were not sanctioned by the 1945 Constitution were abolished. Following the fall of Suharto and the beginning of the Reformasi era, the presidential cabinet system has been retained.Until 2010, cabinet ministries were dubbed 'Departments' (Departemen) following the United States model. After 2010, all 'departements' were renamed into 'ministries' (Kementerian), thus bringing them in line with the Netherlands model of ministries and a state secretariat.

 List of Indonesian cabinets 
Parliamentary cabinets were usually known by the name of the prime minister, but after 1959 they were named after their principal tasking.  The complete list of cabinets follows:

 Current cabinet 

The present Indonesian cabinet, the Onward Indonesia Cabinet (Indonesian: Kabinet Indonesia Maju), was sworn in on 23 October 2019. The cabinet consists of 34 ministers.

 Coordinating Ministers 

 Ministers 

 Cabinet-level officials 

 See also 
List of female cabinet ministers of Indonesia
List of longest-serving ministers in Indonesia
List of government ministries of Indonesia

 References 
Daniel Dhaidae & H. Witdarmono (Eds) (2000)Wajah Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat Republic Indonesia Pemilihan Umum 1999 (Faces of the Republic of Indonesia People's Representative Council 1999 General Election) Harian Kompas, Jakarta, ISBN 979-9251-43-5
Feith, Herbert (2007) The Decline of Constitutional Democracy in Indonesia  Equinox Publishing (Asia) Pte Ltd, ISBN 9793780452
Finch, Susan; Lev, Daniel S. (1965). Republic of Indonesia Cabinets, 1945-1965. Cornell University. Modern Indonesia Project. Interim reports series. Ithaca, N.Y.: Modern Indonesia Project, Cornell University.
Simanjuntak, P. N. H. (2003). Kabinet-Kabinet Republik Indonesia: Dari Awal Kemerdekaan Sampai Reformasi (in Indonesian). Jakarta: Djambatan. ISBN 979-428-499-8.
Yayasan API (2001),Panduan Parlemen Indonesia (Indonesian Parliamentary Guide), ISBN 979-96532-1-5

 Notes 

 External links 
Indonesian Cabinet 1945 – 2001, Indonesian Embassy in the United Kingdom

Battle of Verona (1805)
The Battle of Verona was fought on 18 October 1805 between the French Army of Italy under the command of André Masséna and an Austrian army led by Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen. By the end of the day, Massena seized a bridgehead on the east bank of the Adige River, driving back the defending troops under Josef Philipp Vukassovich. The action took place near the city of Verona in northern Italy during the War of the Third Coalition, part of the Napoleonic Wars.
In the fall of 1805, Emperor Napoleon I of France planned for his powerful Grande Armée to fall upon and crush the Austrian Empire army in southern Germany. The French emperor hoped to win the war in the Danube valley. To help accomplish this purpose, Napoleon wanted Masséna to hold Archduke Charles' large army in Italy for as long as possible.
In order for Masséna to grapple with his enemies, it was necessary to establish a bridgehead on the east bank of the Adige. During the battle, the French attacked across the river, cleared two suburbs, and seized some high ground on the opposite bank. The Austrians suffered considerably more casualties than the French in the encounter. This clash set the stage for the subsequent Battle of Caldiero on 29 to 31 October.

 Background 

 Austrian plans 
On 5 September 1805, Feldmarschall Archduke Charles, Feldmarschall-Leutnant Karl Friedrich von Lindenau, and General-Major Anton Mayer von Heldensfeld drew up the final Austrian strategic plan. This strategy largely conformed to an earlier plan worked out by Charles, Feldmarschall-Leutnant Karl Mack von Leiberich, and Feldmarschall-Leutnant Karl Philipp, Prince of Schwarzenberg. However, Mayer convinced Charles and Lindenau to transfer troops from Italy to Germany, where Mack was pressing for an invasion of the Electorate of Bavaria.
The original plan put 120,000 troops in Italy, 70,000 in Germany, 25,000 in the Tyrol, and 20,000 for internal security. Mayer's revision reduced the force in Italy to 90,000, with 30,000 on the march for Germany.Archduke Charles disagreed with Mack's aggressive strategy. When Emperor Francis I asked his opinion, Charles wrote him that Mack was making a serious blunder by invading Bavaria. Nevertheless, the emperor allowed Mack to pursue his course of action. Fearing the worst in Bavaria, Charles took up a defensive posture, even though he knew he outnumbered Masséna.The archduke posted Feldmarschall-Leutnant Johann von Hiller's 22,000 troops in the Italian Tyrol, north of Rivoli Veronese. The archduke lined the east bank of the Adige from Verona to Legnago with 40,000 soldiers and he held a 30,000-man central reserve at Caldiero. Of these troops, Feldmarschall-Leutnant Count Heinrich von Bellegarde watched Verona, with the division of Vukassovich northeast of the city and the divisions of Feldmarschall-Leutnants Joseph Simbschen and Andreas O'Reilly von Ballinlough to the east. Feldmarschall-Leutnant Eugène-Guillaume Argenteau's six divisions manned the line at Caldiero. Feldmarschall-Leutnant Paul Davidovich with two divisions defended the Adige near Legnago.

 French plans 
At the beginning of August 1805, Napoleon gave up his plan for invading Great Britain across the English Channel. Instead, he decided to move his army from the channel coast to south Germany to smash the Austrian army. He hoped to be at the Austrian capital of Vienna in November, before the Russian army appeared on the scene. With corps numbering I through VII, a cavalry corps, the Imperial Guard, and Bavarian allies, Napoleon committed 194,000 troops to the campaign in Germany. In training, personnel, morale, and organization, the Grande Armée was the finest body of troops that Napoleon would ever command. On 26 August, he gave the order to march and a month later his troops were crossing the Rhine.
Thanks to an elaborate spy network, Napoleon was aware that the Austrians deployed their largest army in Italy. The emperor desired that Archduke Charles' army not be allowed to influence events in southern Germany. Masséna, whose army only counted 48,000 troops, first looked to his defenses. In 1805 the Adige was the boundary between French Lombardy and Austrian Venetia. On the west side of the Adige, Masséna placed 5,000 garrison troops in the fortresses of the Quadrilateral, that is, Verona, Legnago, Peschiera del Garda, and Mantua.Initially, Masséna held the line of the Adige with three infantry divisions. General of Division Jean-Mathieu Seras observed Hiller from a strong position at Rivoli in the north. General of Division Gaspard Amédée Gardanne held Verona and General of Division Jean-Antoine Verdier defended the Adige near Legnago in the south. Following Napoleon's instructions, Masséna began concentrating his army. He intended to mass his striking force of five infantry and two cavalry divisions near Verona. He planned to have Verdier's division, supported by General of Division Charles Randon de Pully's cavalry division, divert the Austrians' attention by making a probe farther south.To play for time, Napoleon authorized Masséna to propose a truce. He did so, and Archduke Charles accepted. On 29 September, a convention was drawn up whereby the armies would not begin fighting until six days after one side notified the other. A week later, Masséna sent word to Charles that hostilities would begin on 14 October. On 17 October Charles received word that Napoleon was in Munich. Foreseeing the disastrous outcome of the Ulm Campaign, the archduke made plans to withdraw from Italy. But first he would defend himself against a French attack.

 Battle 

 French Army 
Masséna's order of battle on 18 October is as follows.Army of Italy: André Masséna

1st Division: General of Division Gaspard Amédée Gardanne (engaged)
1st Brigade: General of Brigade Louis Fursy Henri Compère
22nd Light Infantry Regiment (3 battalions)
52nd Line Infantry Regiment (3 battalions)
2nd Brigade: General of Brigade Louis François Lanchatin
29th Line Infantry Regiment (3 battalions)
101st Line Infantry Regiment (3 battalions)
Attached:
23rd Chasseurs à cheval Regiment (4 squadrons)
15/2nd Foot Artillery Company
2nd Division: General of Division Jean-Antoine Verdier (1 foot and 1 horse artillery company)
1st Brigade: General of Brigade Antoine Digonet (engaged)
23rd Light Infantry Regiment, (3 battalions)
10th Line Infantry Regiment (3 battalions)
2nd Brigade: General of Brigade Jacques Brun (7 battalions)
3rd Brigade: Colonel François Léon Ormancey (8 squadrons)3rd Division: General of Division Gabriel Jean Joseph Molitor (1 foot artillery company)
1st Brigade: General of Brigade Jean-Marie Auguste Aulnay de Launay (8 battalions)
2nd Brigade: General of Brigade Jean-Baptiste Herbin-Dessaux (3 battalions)
3rd Brigade: General of Brigade Guy Louis Henri de Valory (4 battalions)
4th Division: General of Division Guillaume Philibert Duhesme (engaged)
1st Brigade: General of Brigade François Goullus
1st Line IR (3 battalions)
102nd Line IR (3 battalions)
2nd Brigade: General of Brigade Jean Le Camus
14th Light IR (3 battalions)
20th Line IR (4 battalions)
Attached:
25th Chasseurs à cheval Regiment (4 squadrons)
19/2nd Foot Artillery Company
5th Division: General of Division Jean Mathieu Seras (1 foot artillery company) (lightly engaged)
1st Brigade: General of Brigade Jacques Laurent Gilly (6 battalions)
2nd Brigade: General of Brigade Pierre-Joseph Guillet (6 battalions)
3rd Brigade: General of Brigade Claude François de Malet (3 battalions, 4 squadrons)
4th Brigade: General of Brigade Jean Jacques Schilt (2 battalions)Reserve Division: General of Division Louis Partouneaux (1 horse artillery company)
1st Brigade: General of Brigade Jean-Baptiste Solignac (3 Grenadier battalions, 1 Carabinier battalion)
2nd Brigade: General of Brigade François Valentin (4 Grenadier battalions)
Reserve Cavalry Division: General of Division Julien Augustin Joseph Mermet (1 horse artillery company)
1st (Dragoon) Brigade: General of Brigade Nicolas Bernard Guiot de Lacour (8 squadrons)
2nd (Cuirassier) Brigade: Colonel François-Joseph d'Offenstein (8 squadrons)
Light Cavalry Division: General of Division Jean Louis d'Espagne (1 horse artillery company)
1st Brigade: General of Brigade César Alexandre Debelle (8 squadrons)
2nd Brigade: Colonel Antoine Maurin (8 squadrons)
Cavalry Division: General of Division Charles Randon de Pully
1st (Cuirassier) Brigade: General of Brigade Maurice Fresia (8 squadrons)
2nd (Dragoon) Brigade: Colonel Davenay (8 squadrons)

 Austrian Army 
On 18 October, Archduke Charles' forces were organized as follows.
Armee von Italien: Feldmarschall Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen

Right Wing: General of Cavalry Count Heinrich von Bellegarde
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Josef Philipp Vukassovich (engaged)
Brigade: General-Major Hannibal Sommariva
Licaner Grenz Infantry Regiment Nr. 1 (3 battalions)
Ottocaner Grenz Infantry Regiment Nr. 2 (1 battalion)
2nd Banat Grenz Infantry Regiment Nr. 11 (3 battalions)
Archduke Ferdinand Hussars Nr. 3 (4 squadrons)
Brigade: General-Major Karl Hillinger
Davidovich Infantry Regiment Nr. 34 (4 battalions)
Auffenberg Infantry Regiment Nr. 37 (3 battalions)
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Joseph Anton von Simbschen (lightly engaged)
Brigade: General-Major Johann Maria Philipp Frimont (3 Grenz bns, 4 sqns)
Brigade: General-Major Stephan Mihaljevich (8 bns)
Brigade: General-Major Friedrich Kottulinsky (8 bns)
Brigade: General-Major Karl Soudain von Niederwerth (8 bns)
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Andreas O'Reilly von Ballinlough (16 sqns)Center: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Eugène-Guillaume Argenteau
Division: General-Major Armand von Nordmann
Brigade: General-Major Franz Anthony von Siegenfeld (4 Grenz bns)
Brigade: General-Major Nordmann (2 Grenz bns, 1 Grenadier bn, 8 sqns)
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Karl Friedrich von Lindenau
Brigade: General-Major Guido Lippa von Duba (4 Grenadier bns)
Brigade: General-Major Prince Ludwig of Hohenlohe-Bartenstein (5 Grenadier bns)
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Ludwig von Vogelsang
Brigade: General-Major Hieronymus Karl Graf von Colloredo-Mansfeld (5 Grenadier bns)
Brigade: General-Major Georg Croll von Herzberg (7 Grenadier bns)
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Prince Heinrich XV of Reuss-Plauen
Brigade: General-Major Joseph Wetzel (8 bns)
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Argenteau
Brigade: General-Major Johann Kalnássy (8 bns)
Brigade: General-Major Joseph Walther von Waldenau (16 sqns)
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Prince Joseph of Lorraine-Vaudemont (16 sqns)Left Wing: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Paul Davidovich
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Prince Franz Seraph of Rosenberg-Orsini
Brigade: General-Major Joseph Radetzky von Radetz (engaged)
Szluiner Grenz Infantry Regiment Nr. 4 (3 battalions)
Ott Hussar Regiment Nr. 5 (8 squadrons)
Brigade: General-Major Alois von Gavasini (7 battalions)
Brigade: General-Major Peter Knesevich (8 battalions, 6 squadrons)
Division: General-Major Wunibald Löwenberg
Brigade: General-Major Löwenberg (3 Grenz battalions, 2 squadrons)
Tyrol Column: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Johann von Hiller
Division: Feldmarschall-Leutnant Franz Joseph, Marquis de Lusignan
Brigade: General-Major Karl Schauroth (5 Grenz battalions, 6 squadrons)
Brigade: General-Major Peter Lutz (13 battalions)
Division: General-Major Joseph Dedovich
Brigade: General-Major Dedovich (7 battalions)
Brigade: General-Major Otto Gottlieb Edler von Zschock (8 battalions)
Brigade: General-Major Christoph Johnson (8 battalions)

 Action 
Directly east of Verona was the suburb of Veronetta, which the Austrians had heavily fortified. In addition, the bridges between Verona and Veronetta were well-covered by Austrian artillery. Therefore, Masséna turned his eyes to the west side of Verona, to the suburb of San Giorgio, which was accessible by a stone bridge known as the Castelvecchio Bridge (Ponte di Castelvecchio). Vukassovich was responsible for defending the area. The Austrian division commander had a wall built across the center of the bridge and fortified San Giorgio. However, Vukassovich only allocated two battalions to its defense. He deployed six battalions in the hills northeast of Verona, while the remainder of his division lay farther north, maintaining contact with Hiller's corps.Masséna decided to personally command the bridge assault. Stripping the 24 voltigeur (light infantry) companies from the battalions in Gardanne and General of Division Guillaume Philibert Duhesme's divisions, the French army commander formed them into a storming column. The voltigeurs were supported by a sapper battalion and a light artillery company, and backed by Gardanne's division.In the early hours of 18 October, Masséna led his storming column silently onto the Castelvecchio Bridge. The sappers set charges which destroyed the wall, and the French column surged forward. After quickly overrunning the Austrian outposts, the voltigeurs attacked San Giorgio. General of Brigade Louis Fursy Henri Compère advanced to support the attack, while Vukassovich reinforced the defenders with two battalions. Sometime after 10:00 am San Giorgio fell to the French. Soon afterward, Vukassovich had the Archduke Ferdinand Hussar Regiment # 3 and General-Major Hannibal Sommariva's Grenz infantry on hand. The Austrian division commander hurled his hussars at Compère's brigade. The French formed square, and with the help of artillery firing across the river, drove off the Austrian cavalry.Around noon, Verdier mounted a diversionary attack. Easily penetrating General-Major Joseph Radetzky von Radetz's screen, he crossed the Adige at Albaredo d'Adige with two battalions of the 23rd Light Infantry Regiment. Believing that the action at Verona was the diversion and the crossing at Albaredo was the real attack, Archduke Charles marched against Verdier with three columns. By the time he arrived at Albaredo, the 23rd Light had withdrawn safely to the French side of the Adige.Masséna also ordered Seras to mount a diversion in the north. Leaving part of his division at Rivoli, Seras demonstrated in front of Pescantina, 11 kilometers west of Verona. This action froze half of Vukassovich's division, which remained watching Seras and never got into action.In the afternoon, some of Duhesme's troops and the 23rd Chasseurs à cheval were in action on the French side. By 5:00 pm, San Leonardo fell to the French after severe fighting, allowing Masséna's troops to occupy the heights and press to the east. At this time, Bellegarde appeared with Feldmarschall-Leutnants Andreas O'Reilly and Joseph Simbschen's divisions at the hamlet of San Felice in the Val Pantena, northeast of Verona. Bellegarde pushed back the French a short distance until darkness and fatigue ended the fighting.

 Results 
One historian puts French losses at 77 dead and 246 wounded, a total of 323, while stating Austrians casualties as 1152, including 246 killed and 906 wounded. A second authority writes that the French counted 150 killed and 300 wounded, while Austrian losses numbered 1,622 killed, wounded, and captured, and four cannons.Masséna failed to capture Veronetta, but he carved out a bridgehead on the heights northeast of Verona. Angry that Vukassovich failed to stop Massena's attack, Archduke Charles dismissed him and replaced him with Feldmarschall-Leutnant Prince Franz Seraph of Rosenberg-Orsini. The archduke believed that Vukassovich could have repulsed the first French assault if he had defended the bridge with more troops. Smith writes that Vukassovich was dismissed because he gave battle too close to the river, against explicit orders. It is impossible to reconcile the Smith and Schneid accounts so only Schneid's view is presented in the article.
Even so, Charles had sufficient troops to attack the French bridgehead. Instead, he contented himself with holding Veronetta, placing General-Major Johann Maria Philipp Frimont's brigade in the suburb of San Michele, east of Veronetta, and ordering Rosenberg to hold the Val Pantena. The Austrian commander withdrew the rest of Bellegarde's Right Wing into the Caldiero lines. Massena reinforced his bridgehead with all of Gardanne and Duhesme's divisions. Both Charles and Massena later explained away their subsequent inaction by claiming that they were awaiting events in Germany. The next action was the Battle of Caldiero from 29 to 31 October.

 Footnotes 

 References 

 Printed materials 
Kagan, Frederick W. (2006). The End of the Old Order: Napoleon and Europe, 1801–1805. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Da Capo Press. ISBN 0-306-81137-5.
Rothenberg, Gunther E. Napoleon's Great Adversaries, The Archduke Charles and the Austrian Army, 1792–1814. Bloomington, Ind.: Indiana University Press, 1982 ISBN 0-253-33969-3
Rothenberg, Gunther E. (1982). Napoleon's Great Adversaries, The Archduke Charles and the Austrian Army, 1792–1814. Bloomington, Ind.: Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-33969-3.
Schneid, Frederick C. Napoleon's Italian Campaigns: 1805–1815. Westport, Conn.: Praeger Publishers, 2002. ISBN 0-275-96875-8
Smith, Digby. The Napoleonic Wars Data Book. London: Greenhill, 1998. ISBN 1-85367-276-9

 External links 
The following webpages are excellent sources for full names of generals.
napoleon-series.org Dictionary of Austrian Generals 1792–1815 by Digby Smith, compiled by Leopold Kudrna
French Wikipedia, Liste des généraux de la Révolution et du Premier Empire
 Media related to Battle of Verona (1805) at Wikimedia Commons

Harry Wilkes
Harry Theodore Wilkes (24 June 1907 – 5 April 1984) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, most notably for Derby County.

 Career 

 Early career 
Wilkes started his footballing career at playing for hometown Sedgley Congregationals in 1925, before joining Wellington Town in 1926.

 Derby County 
In February 1927, Wilkes would join First Division Derby County to start his professional football career. Initially, Wilkes would act as backup to Ben Olney and he would make his senior league debut in a 4–0 victory at the Baseball Ground against Arsenal on 24 September 1927. Olney would soon after leave to join Aston Villa and Wilkes would take over as first choice keeper. He would make 31 appearances in the 1927–28 season. In the 1928–29 season, Wilkes would only miss one game as he played 44 games. In the 1929–30 season, Wilkes would only miss five games as Derby would finish runners-up in the league championship, playing in 40 first team matches. Another 40 appearances were made in the 1930–31 season and 43 in the 1931–32 season Wilkes would start the 1932–33 season as first choice but would lose his place in the team to Jack Kirby in December 1932. Wilkes made the last of his 220 appearances for Derby in a 4–1 loss at Blackpool on 27 December 1932.

 Later career 
Wilkes would join Sheffield United in March 1934. He would make 14 appearances in total, as he was mainly used as a back up to Jack Smith and Roy John. He play three times in United's 1933–34 season relegation season, which ended his top flight career, after making 211 career First Division appearances. Wilkes joined Rhyl Athletic in October 1935, before ending his career at Heanor Town, joining them in 1936.

 Personal life 
After football, Wilkes lived in Derby and owned a fish and chip shop with his wife Effie in Cowsley Road, Chaddesden. He was a part of the congregation in the funeral of former teammate Tommy Cooper who died in a motorcycle crash in June 1940, whilst playing for Liverpool.

 Death 
Wilkes died on 5 April 1984, in Derby aged 76.

 References 

 External links 
11v11 profile
worldfootball.net profile
Vintage Footballers profile

USS Chandler (DDG-996)
USS Chandler (DDG-996) was the final ship in the Kidd class of guided-missile destroyers operated by the U.S. Navy.  Derived from the Spruance class, these vessels were designed for air defense in hot weather. She was named after Rear Admiral Theodore E. Chandler.
Originally named Andushirvan, the ship was originally ordered by the Shah of Iran, but was undelivered when the 1979 Iranian Revolution occurred. Subsequent to this, the U.S. Navy elected to commission her for service in the Persian Gulf and Mediterranean Sea, as she was equipped with heavy-duty air conditioning and was also well suited to filtering sand and the results from NBC warfare. She was commissioned in 1982.
Chandler was decommissioned in 1999. She was transferred to the Republic of China, renamed Wu Teh (DDG-1805) in 2004, and finally recommissioned as ROCS Ma Kong (DDG-1805) in 2006.

 Accident 
In June 1985, Chandler was involved in an accident on the Columbia River. The ship itself was sued under Admiralty law in the United States by a barge owner who claimed that Chandler's negligent action on the Columbia River caused a dangerous swell called a soliton.
The District Court of Oregon heard the case and held that the officers on Chandler breached their duty to exercise reasonable care in avoiding creation of the dangerous swell and the plaintiff was able to recover for the damages.

 Awards 
Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation – (Nov 1987 - March 1988)
Battle "E" – (1985-86, 1988-89, 1991-92, 1994, 1997) 
Humanitarian Service Medal – (12 December 1987) Rescue of oil tanker crew from Iran attack
Southwest Asia Service Medal - (1991-92)

 References 

This article includes information collected from the Naval Vessel Register, which, as a U.S. government publication, is in the public domain. The entry can be found here.

 External links 

Navysite.de page
USSChandler.com

